doubt a screenplay by John Patrick shanley base on he stage play 7 a.m. sunday morning , the bronx . late october , 1964 . we be on Beach Avenue . on the leave , a block of apartment building glow gold in the sun . on the right , private house . some tree , some leave fall . the apartment building be five storey high , the private home two storey . it 's a clean , peaceful place . there 's not a soul to be see . ext . apartment build - early morning a old man play a zither . int . a apartment build bedroom - morning 12 - year - old jimmy hurley be asleep . he 's all boy , rough work class haircut , freckle . his ma come in , still in nightclothes and shake he . she turn on the light . ma Jimmy , come on . you be serve today . the boy wake and ma leave . he sit up in he pajamas . warren ( 0.s. ) christeeeen ! where 's my pants ? ma ( 0.s. ) on the bed . if they have tooth , they would have bit you . warren ( 0.s. ) if my pants have tooth they would be in the smithsonian Institute in Washington . Jimmy get out of bed . ext . jimmy 's bedroom window - morning there 's a fire escape . ext . now we see the whole alley - morning which be form by this apartment building . it 's a strange , gloomy , expressionistic sight . nothing but fire escape face each other to the leave and right , a 30 foot gap of crack concrete between . the title appear : ( continued ) doubt ext . apartment build . a man outside plays the zither . jimmy walk out to a beautiful day . zither man Jimmy ! go to the store , buy I the newspaper and cigarettes . jimmy can not . serve mass . I be a alter boy . ext . saint nicholas church and school - day it 's old brown brick , more school than church in appearance . tree . Nice place . Kevin be come out of the candy store across the street . he and Jimmy greet each other as Jimmy head for a side door . jimmy hey , Kevin ! kevin hey , Jimmy ! int . empty church - day the organist sit down and prepare for mass . int . a changing room behind the altar - day a closet , a bench . it 's dimly light . Jimmy be stare up at a painting . he turn at the sound of a door . donald miller rush in . he 's also 12 , a bit chubby , black . jimmy there you be . donald overslept . jimmy well , you make it . i’1l do the cruet if you light the charcoal . ( continued ) donald you think I be fat ? jimmy you be alright . what ? clothes do not fit ? donald no , they fit . Donald move to the closet ; he begin to unbutton he shirt . Jimmy exit with the candle snuffer . ext . neighborhood STREET - day the hurley step out of they building . ma you be gonna be go to the bakery after mass . warren I be ? why do not you go ? ma I be gonna be make breakfast . warren I can make breakfast . ma when have you ever ? funny man . another man greet a woman on she way to church . int . in the changing room - a table - day Jimmy fill the cruet with water and wine . Donald light the charcoal in the incense burner . Jimmy carry the cruet past Flynn , who be prepare for the service . jimmy good morning , Father . int . the church - the organist plays - day the choir sing holy GOD we praise thy name . ( continued ) ext . the street outside the church - day parishioner , all work class people , be walk to church . everyone be dress quite nicely . the older woman wear hat , the young woman have napkin pin to they hair . the man be in jacket and tie ; they have use hair tonic ; some wear hat . people say good morning . int . the church - the organist plays - day parishioner file in and sit down . CUT to : int . the church altar - father flynn at the pulpit - day he 's a educate man with a slight Eastern seaboard work class accent . end of song . end of credit . flynn be seat . the congregation sit . the altar boy sit - it 's jimmy and donald . the boy look to the priest . back to flynn who look the congregation over and then posit : flynn what do you do when you be not sure ? that 's the topic of my sermon today . now we see sister jame in one of the pews listening . she wear the black bonnet of the order of the sister of Charity . she 's young and she 's good . do you remember what good be ? we hear Flynn while we look at she . ( continued ) flynn ( 0.s. ) last year , when President Kennedy be assassinate , who among we do not experience the most profound disorientation ? despair ? sister James eye shine with tear . back to flynn flynn which way ? what now ? now to a slow tracking shot of a whole family parent ( rapt ) , a newborn , kide ( subtle squirm ) . flynn ( 0.s. ) what do I say to my kid ? what do I tell myself ? it be a time of people sit together , bound together by a common feel of hopelessness . back to flynn flynn but think of that ! you bond with you fellow be be you despair . it be a public experience . it be awful , but we be in it together . high angle master shot of congregation from back of church flynn ( 0.s. ) how much worse be it then for the lone man , the lone woman , stricken by a private calamity ? low dutch angle : a single of a pale woman . flynn ( 0.s . ) ' no one know I be sick . 's low dutch angle : a single of a stout older man . ( continued ) flynn ( 0.s . ) ' no one know I have lose my last real friend . 's back to flynn flynn '' no one know I have do something wrong . '' imagine the isolation . now you see the world as through a window . on one side of the glass : happy , untrouble people , and on the other side : you . a dramatic silence . back to sister jame , who sneeze . a girl whisper , '' God bless you , sister . '' sister James be embarrassed . sister jame thank you . flynn ( 0.s. ) I want to tell you a story . back to flynn flynn a cargo ship sink one night . it catch fire and go down . and only this one sailor survive . he find a lifeboat , rig a sail ... and be of a nautical discipline ... turn he eye to the heavens and read the star . jimmy and donald imagining it flynn ( 0.s. ) he set a course for he home , and exhaust , fall asleep . sister aloysius get up and walk down the aisle . we do not see she face . on she way , she gesture to various child to sit up and stop talk . william london , a fidgety blond boy of 12 , be hear flirt with two girl , alice and sarah . ( continued ) william ( 0.s . ) ( whisper ) .+.- j just keep go on . I be really bored . flynn ( 0.s . ) Cloud roll in . and for the next twenty night , he could no longer see the star . he think he be on course , but there be no way to be certain . back to flynn flynn and as the day roll on , and the sailor waste away , he begin to have doubt . sister aloysius walk up alongside William and the two girl , slapping William on the back of the head . william he just keep on go . I mean - - ow . flynn ( 0.s . ) have he set he course right ? be he still go on towards he home ? back to flynn flynn or be he horribly lose ... now to a boy raymond in a pew who be rest he chin on the pew in front of he . he 's sleepy . flynn ( 0.s. ) and doom to a terrible death ? no way to know . the message of the constellation - - have he imagine it because of he desperate circumstance ? or have he see truth once ... we see a nun 's habit appear by the boy and then the nun lean down to whisper to the boy . ( continued ) sister aloysius appear right by the boy 's face . her face be obscure by the black bonnet . she rotate she head toward the boy and she be reveal for the first time . her eye like diamond . she be terrifying . sister aloysius straighten . up. Raymond straighten up instantly . sister aloysius , finish with the boy , rise into view . she be listen to the sermon , watch the priest . flynn ( 0.s. ) and now have to hold on to it without further reassurance ? back to flynn flynn there be that of you in church today who know exactly the crisis of faith I describe . and I want to say to you : doubt can be a bond as powerful and sustain as certainty . when you be lose , you be not alone . shot of congregation flynn in the name of the Father , the Son , and the Holy ghost . back to sister aloysius cross herself . flynn ( 0.s. ) amen . please rise . master shot of the congregation rising the organ begin to play . choir sing praise GOD from whom all blessing come . single of donald seeing something . ( continued ) donald' Pov : bird in the cupola . int . sacristy - day donald hey , Father . flynn hey , champ . donald that be some sermon . flynn do it mean something to you ? donald I want to do that . I want to bea priest . flynn you would be a good one , I be sure . here , take a look . ( he demonstrate a toy . a dancer that turn when you hold up a mirror . Donald smile ) see ? ( singsong ) do-do-do-do-do . she 's dancin’ . kinda neat . donald yeah . flynn here . you try . ( Flynn give it to he ) that 's for you . take it . donald thank you , Father . flynn you be welcome . ext . the convent attached to the church school - predawn there 's a garden outside with a statue of Elizabeth seton . we hear a hand bell be rung , not loud . 10 . int . the convent - sister jame 's cell - predawn her eye open . the bell ring again . she get up . she be refresh and happy to start she day . a single bed , a sink . int . convent hallway - the nun emerging to begin the day int . the bedroom - dawn sister James have bath . she 's partially dress but still work on she bonnet . she put on she rosary . ext . in front of the church school - morning six class of uniform boy and girl , 25 to a class , be line up in double file and head in to the compound . each class be loosely overseen by a nun . sister jame like noah 's ark , girl . two by two . CUT to : ext . a inner courtyard - the eighth grade - overseen by sister jame - morning flynn ( 0.s. ) Morning , sister James . sister jame good morning , Father Flynn . beautiful day . now we see flynn and sister jame stand with she class . Jimmy 's there , as well as Donald Miller . Sarah and Alice be faintly hear sing '' this Old man . '' flynn not too bad . ( to the kid ) how be the criminal do today ? ( continued ) 11 . several kid answer '' not bad , Father . '' '' good , Father . '' flynn Morning , champ . donald Morning , Father Flynn . Flynn grab William London 's wrist playfully . William be spunky . flynn you wash that hand today , mister London ? William snatch he hand away . william I wash ‘em , Father . flynn I do not know . they be a different color than you neck . kid laugh at the remark , embarrassing William . Flynn have walk on to greet someone out of view . ext . the principal 's office - morning sister aloysius be look through the window , down on the student populace . her eye narrow . back to sister jame William take a step towards she . william sister , be we have the test today ? sister jame tomorrow , William . william be it long division ? sister jame among other thing . ( continued ) 12 . sister James turn away to greet another nun and William grab she arm to ask she another question . sister jame good morning , sister . William touch she sleeve . william how much of it will be long division ? sister aloysius ( 0.s. ) Boy ! the whole school stop and look up sister aloysius look down on the courtyard from the balcony outside she office . sister aloysius William London . come up here ! come smartly now . pale and alone , William walk up the stair . sister aloysius do not make I wait . father flynn and sister jame watch from below as two of the girl confer . alice ( 0.s. ) what do he do ? sarah ( 0.s. ) he touch sister James . Flynn confide to sister James . flynn the dragon be hungry ! sister James blushes with pleasure at the attention , stifles a giggle . the noise resume . sarah ( 0.s. ) you do not touch a nun . 13 . int . a empty hallway in the school - day raymond , a student , ring a big brass bell with relish . it signal the start of the school day . int . sister jame 's classroom — day the class be in session . there 's about 25 kid , half boy , half girl . the girl be on one side of the class , the boy on the other . the class have not totally settle down . there be giggle and whisper . sister jame take out you history book , please . turn to page 683 . ralph raise he hand . sister jame yes , Ralph . ralph I forget my history book . sister jame you can look on with Raymond . Mr. London ? do you have you history book ? william uh , no , sister . sister jame share with Mr. malloy , please . william do I have to ? his breath stink ! the class laugh . sister jame I be sure Mr. malloy 's breath be just fine . a door creak . sister aloysius be entering the CLASS ( continued ) 14 . she take in that the class be noisy . the class stand . sister aloysius be seat . sister jame Franklin delano Roosevelt be the thirty - second president of the United States . back to sister aloysius , who speak to noreen sister aloysius that barrette out of you hair , miss horan . noreen take a rhinestone barrette out of she hair . noreen yes , sister . sister aloysius take a position at the back of the class . sister aloysius Morning , sister James . continue . back to sister jame who doe continue at first self - consciously , and then with increase confidence . sister jame Franklin D. Roosevelt , together with abraham lincoln and John fitzgerald Kennedy , be perhaps we great president . when he assume office , 13,000,000 people in this country be unemployed . they would lose hope . and President Roosevelt say to this people : '' the only thing we have to fear be fear itself . '' what do he mean by that ? James ? jimmy I think he be try to say there 's nothing really wrong , you know ? so do not get so emotional . sister aloysius listening - she have reservation ( continued ) 15 . sister aloysius spot a wire come out of a boy 's ear . it 's tommy conroy . she walk over , pull the plug out of conroy 's ear . sister jame ( 0.s. ) maybe ... maybe he be say that the world be good and we need only work together to overcome we problem . sister aloysius what 's this , Mr. conroy ? tommy I do not know , sister . sister aloysius you do not know you have a wire come out of you ear ? conroy no . sister aloysius huh ? huh ? conroy no , sister . I do not . sister aloysius you come with I , boy . go. ( they leave ) sister jame who know what the New deal be ? int . the school basement - choir practice - day sister James be lead the choir in sing the first noel . she 's very happy to be do this . mrs . kean accompany on a portable electric organ . sister aloysius sit in the back with sister raymond . sister raymond I love this song . ( no response . ) 16 . int . the convent dine room - night EIGHT nun sit around a rectangular table have dinner . no one speak . sister aloysius be at the head of the table . to she right be a very old nun name sister veronica . to she leave be sister James . we go to a single of a old woman 's hand softly feel for a fork . the fork be lose underneath she plate . now we see sister aloysius noticing sister veronica who be try to find she fork without anyone see . sister aloysius gently push the fork under Veronica 's hand so the old woman find it . now we go to sister jame try to eat the salisbury steak she pull a inedible piece out of she mouth and be about to put it on she plate when she see that sister aloysius be watch she . she put it back in she mouth . sister aloysius ring a little bell that 's by her then she address the table . sister aloysius this past Sunday . what do you think that sermon be about ? sister James be , with difficulty , swallow . sister aloysius sister James . sister jame huh ? sister aloysius what be Father Flynn 's sermon about ? sister jame well , doubt . he be talk about doubt ? ( continued ) 17 . sister aloysius why ? sister jame Excuse I , sister ? sister aloysius well , sermon come from somewhere , do not they ? be Father Flynn in doubt ? be he concerned that someone else be in doubt ? sister jame I suppose you have have to ask he . sister aloysius no , that would not be appropriate . he be my superior . and if he be troubled , he should confess it to a fellow priest , or to the monsignor . we do not share intimate information with priest . sister teresa no . sister raymond that 's true . sister veronica what be we say ? silence fall again . sister aloysius I want you all to be alert . I be concerned , perhaps needlessly , about , eh , matter in St. Nicholas School . sister raymond ask timidly . sister raymond academically ? sister aloysius I be not invite a guess game , sister Raymond . sister aloysius notice she napkin stir . a breeze ? 18 . int . a changing room behind the altar - day Father Flynn walk in . he look up at the stain glass eye . ext . william london outside the school - day he have a bloody handkerchief to he nose . he 's in a good mood . he take the handkerchief away . the nose have stop bleed . he smile . he light a cigarette . int . a large cafeteria with many table and window - day it have good natural light . the student body be have lunch . int . the cafeteria - sister aloysius be at a table - day sister aloysius missy ! get away from she . and sit down . she sit with sister Veronica , have a glass of water . she wash down a aspirin . sister Veronica be eat with gusto . sister James appear with a tray . sister jame May I join you , sister aloysius ? sister aloysius yes . sister James seat herself . her food be revolting but she try to hide that from she superior and herself . sister jame Chicken Chow mein . sister aloysius sister Veronica 's favorite . sister veronica it 's very good . sister teresa I like the noodle . I like the crunch . ( continued ) 19 . sister jame what happen to William London ? sister aloysius I send he home . sister jame oh dear . so he 's still bleed ? sister aloysius yes . sister jame his nose just let loose and start gush during the pledge of allegiance . sister aloysius be it spontaneous ? sister jame what ? sister aloysius his nosebleed . sister jame what else would it be ? sister aloysius self-induce . sister jame you mean you think he might have intentionally give himself a nosebleed ? sister aloysius exactly . sister jame no ! sister aloysius you be a very innocent person , sister James . William London be a fidgety boy . if you do not keep right on he , he will do anything to escape he chair . ( more ) ( continued ) 20 . he would set he foot on fire for half a day out of school . she notice sister Veronica 's sleeve have goo on it , dip a napkin in water , and set about clean it off . sister aloysius here . sister , allow I to help you . you sleeve . sister veronica uh-oh . sister aloysius mmm . let 's see . sister veronica oh thank you , sister . int . ST . nicholas school - stairwell - day sister aloysius and sister James walk up the stair . sister aloysius sister Veronica be go blind . sister jame oh how horrible ! sister aloysius if they find out in the rectory , she will be go . so , if she look unsteady , take she hand . int . classroom - sister aloysius and sister jame enter - day sister aloysius ordinarily , I assign my most experience teacher to eighth grade , but I be work within constraint . she sit in sister James 's chair . her bone seem to hurt a moment . she rummages through the desk drawer . sister aloysius be you in control of you class ? ( continued ) 21 . sister jame I think so . sister aloysius usually more student be send down to I . sister jame I try to take care of thing myself . sister aloysius that can be a error . you be answerable to I , I to the monsignor , he to the Bishop , and so on up to the Holy Father . there be a chain . make use of it . ( discover a small box . inquire . ) candy ? sister jame cough drop . sister aloysius candy by another name . sister aloysius throw the box in the wastebasket . she get up . sister aloysius how be Donald Miller do ? sister jame steady . sister aloysius good . ( point to a back corner chair ) that girl ... noreen horan . sister jame I have seat she as far away from the boy as possible . do not do much good . sister aloysius have go to noreen 's desk and find the barrette ; she examine it in the sunlight as if it 's a murder weapon . she work it . it look like little leg spread . ( continued ) 22 . sister aloysius just get she through . intact . CUT to a OPEN window as a gust of wind propel dead leave into the classroom and on to the floor . sister aloysius go to the window and shut it . sister aloysius what 's this ? the wind be so ... peripatetic this year . be that the word I want ? sister aloysius 's tied - in Pov down to the STREET we faintly hear Father Flynn share convivial chat with the old monsignor on the street . monsignor be not that a fine cut of beef for dinner , Father Flynn ?! flynn it be , monsignor , very good . though I believe it be chicken . monsignor be it a chicken ? yes , I guess it be a chicken . it be very good . the old man pat the young man 's shoulder warmly . after a moment , we hear a timid sister James . sister jame ( 0.s. ) be something the matter ? sister aloysius ( 0.s. ) what ? sister jame ( 0.s. ) be something the matter ? sister aloysius , who be still staring out the window sister aloysius no . why ? be something the matter ? sister jame I do not think so . ( continued ) 23 . sister aloysius well , then , nothing 's the matter then . another silence . sister James do not know what to do . sister jame yes . the older nun pick something off the floor . sister aloysius what 's this ? sister jame a pen ? sister aloysius a ballpoint pen . the student be not use they for assignment , I hope ? sister jame no , of course not . sister aloysius I be sorry I allow even cartridge pen into this school . always the easy way out this day . every easy choice today will have its consequence tomorrow . Mark my word . sister James pick up dead leave . sister jame yes , sister . sister aloysius ballpoint make they press down , when they press down , they write like monkey . sister jame I do not allow they ballpoint pen . sister aloysius and yet here one be . penmanship be die all across this country . ( continued ) 24 . sister jame I hope not . sister aloysius start to walk out and stop , examine the top of the desk . sister aloysius you should frame something . put it up on the blackboard . ( pick up a frame photograph . ) put the Pope up . sister jame that 's the wrong Pope . he 's decease . sister aloysius I do not care what Pope it be . use the glass to see behind you . the child should think you have eye in the back of you head . sister jame would not that be a little frightening ? sister aloysius only to the one who be up to no good . she go . int . the school basement - london at the foul line - day flynn ( 0.s. ) relax . put it up there . William shoot and miss . flynn all right , now . Jimmy swap position and move onto the foul line . flynn the thing about shoot from the foul line ( point at Jimmy 's head . ) be it 's psychological . all right , come up with a routine . ( more ) ( continued ) 25 . all right , shift you weight , move you hip ... the boy laugh . flynn hey , you think that 's funny , Ralph ? you know what 's funny be you never get a foul shot . boy oooh . flynn all right , concentrate on the routine , and you will forget to get tense up . all right , go ahead , Jimmy . Jimmy shoot and get it in . smile . flynn good man . you listen . that 's good . all right , now sit down . everyone . good . on another matter , I have notice several of you guy get dirty nail . all right , I do not want to see that . I be not talk about the length of you nail , I be talk about cleanliness . see ? look at my nail . close up of he extended hand - he nail be quite long and polished flynn ( 0.s. ) all right , they be long , I like they a little long , but look at how clean they be . that make it okay . reaction shot - william london doesn't like the nail int . the rectory - three priest having dinner - night the monsignor , father sherman , and Flynn be eat a roast and wash it down with red wine . boisterous laughter . the monsignor be smoking a cigarette . the pack be on the table . pall mall unfiltered . ( continued ) 26 . flynn the climpity - clomp . clomp clomp clomp . harder than a herd of elephant . monsignor you be wick ! flynn no , I tell she , '' you be she mother ! you raise she , you feed she , you tell she she 's fat ! '' monsignor ooh ! father sherman but wait , how fat be she ? flynn what , the mother or the daughter ? father sherman the daughter . flynn I never meet the daughter . father sherman what about the mother ? flynn fat !!! int . the convent dine room - night dinner 's in progress . the nun eat . silence . int . the church - a Mass in progress - morning Father Flynn be serve with Jimmy and Donald Miller as altar boy . Flynn lift the host and recite the bless of the eucharist . Jimmy ring the bell . ( continued ) 27 . flynn domini nostri jesu christi . qui pridie quam pateretur , accepit panem in sanctas ac venerabile manus suas et elevatis oculis in coelum , ad the deum patrem suum omnipotentem , tibi gratias agen , benedixit , fregit , deditque discipulis suis , dicen : ' accipite , et manducate ex hoc omne . hoc est enim Corpus meum . int . the sacristy see from the darker changing room - day Donald be in he school clothes . dimly , in the distant sacristy , Flynn can be see talk with Jimmy . Donald dimly hear Flynn and Jimmy talk . jimmy Father , we have practice after school ? flynn if you guy want it , we can have it . let I know . int . sister jame 's classroom — day William London sneak across the back of the classroom and whisper to noreen horan , and she giggle . sister jame sees this reflected in the glass of the photo she speak without turn . sister jame the fascist government of Germany and Italy be already work together . they form the pact of steel . the pact of steel be a military alliance between benito mussolini and Adolf Hitler . mister London , get back in you seat and stop bother miss horan , please . william' reaction - he’s spooked that the sister know back to sister jame who smile at her little victory ( continued ) 28 . sister jame now , who can tell I - - the intercom buzze . sister jame answering the intercom we hear Flynn 's voice , but not what he 's say . sister James reply . sister jame yes ? yes . of course , Father . she get off the intercom and turn to the class . sister jame Donald ? you should go to the rectory . int . school gym / cafeteria - a dance CLASS be in progress - day mrs . shield be a middle - age woman in a dress and silver tap shoe . blame it on the bossanova be on the record player . mrs . shield two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight , nine , ten , eleven . they dance face they partner . a few of the girl sing along . mrs . shield go one , two , three , touch . one , two , three , kick . back , side , front , kick . back , side , front ... Raymond be do the mashed potato . Mrs. shield move to he . mrs . shield Raymond , what be you do ? raymond the mashed potato . mrs . shield you be suppose to be do the bossa nova . ( continued ) 29 . raymond but I know the mashed potato . mrs . shield ( laugh ) all right , now follow . back , side , front , kick . back , side , one , two , three , kick . back , side , front , kick . back , side , front . okay . let I get in front of you so that you can see what I be do . sister jame be sitting on a folding chair watching amuse . she clap lightly . then she see something . sister jame 's Pov - some locker - flynn appear he be somewhat furtive . he have something white in he hand . he open a locker and put the white thing in . it 's fabric . he see sister James and smile . he take a sip of water from the drink fountain and go back upstairs . sister jame slowly walking toward the locker she go to the locker . she open it , a boy 's white T-shirt . she return it to the locker puzzle . int . the hallway - sister jame 's student leaving - day int . sister jame 's classroom - day Jimmy 's get he school bag . other be head out . he look at sister James , who be intently talk to one of the student . jimmy 's Pov - sister jame 's back her habit obscure the identity of the student she 's talk to . sister James lean down towards the unseen boy 's face . sister jame Donald , be you feel ill ? donald ( unseen ) no. ( continued ) 30 . sister jame you sure ? be you all right ? back to jimmy looking as he goe a shadow pass over he expression . back to jimmy 's Pov of sister jame 's back ext . within the garden - some rose bushes - day sister James come out of the convent . sister aloysius be unrol burlap . sister James see she and walk over . sister jame good afternoon , sister . sister aloysius good afternoon , sister James . sister jame sister , can I speak with you about Donald Miller ? sister aloysius roll the barrow onto a path . sister James follow . cuT to ext . a old utility shed as sister aloysius open it - day accompany by sister James . sister aloysius be he be accept ? sister jame he have no friend . sister aloysius that would be a lot to expect after only two month . have anyone hit he ? ( continued ) 31 . sister jame no . int . the shed as they enter with the barrow - day sister aloysius someone will . and when that happen , send they right down to I . sister aloysius stow the content of the barrow in the shed as sister James continue . sister jame I be not so sure anyone will . sister aloysius this parish serve irish and italian family . someone will hit Donald Miller . sister jame he have a protector . sister aloysius who ? sister jame Father Flynn . a close up of sister aloysius - suddenly very alert she turn to face sister James . sister aloysius what ? sister James become elaborately casual . sister jame he 's take a interest . sister aloysius I tell you to come to I , but I hope you never would . ( continued ) 32 . sister jame maybe I should not have . sister aloysius so it 's happen . sister jame what !? oh , no . I be not tell you that ! I be not even certain what you mean . mr . mcguinn throw open the rear door , startling they . he 's put away the garden hose . mcguinn oh excuse I there , sister ! sister aloysius no bother we be do here ! come , sister . they start to go . int . the convent foyer - day sister aloysius be hustling sister James through the door . stop in shadow and ask . sister aloysius what have you see ? sister jame it be unsettle to look at people with suspicion . I feel less close to God . sister aloysius when you take a step to address wrongdo , you be take a step away from God , but in his service . what have you see ? the housekeeper , Mrs. carson appear with a cat . mrs . carson good afternoon , sister ! ( continued ) 33 . sister aloysius good afternoon , Mrs. carson . why the cat ? mrs . carson because there 's a mouse . want some tea ? int . the rectory - the dine room - day Flynn have the boy array around the table . flynn if you do not want to dance with she , do not dance with she . jimmy well , be it wrong ? flynn no. conroy but what if the girl turn you down ? flynn all right , you have the right to ask a girl to dance . all right , she have the right to turn you down . the trick be do not take it to heart . ralph what if they all turn you down ? flynn well , then you become a priest . they all laugh . Jimmy be thoughtful . Raymond raise he hand and Flynn call on he . flynn all right , next question . int . the convent 's blue sitting room - the two nun - day ( continued ) 34 . sister James be seat . sister aloysius be close the door . sister aloysius what have you see ? sister jame he call Donald Miller to the rectory . sister aloysius what for ? sister jame a talk . sister aloysius alone ? sister jame yes . sister aloysius when ? sister jame a week ago , during class . sister aloysius why do not you tell I ? sister jame I do not think there be anything wrong with it . sister aloysius of all the child . Donald Miller . I suppose it make sense . sister jame how do it make sense ? sister aloysius he 's isolate . sister jame I do not know that anything be wrong ! ( continued ) 35 . sister aloysius we first negro student . I think there would be fight . a parent or two to deal with . I should have foreseen this possibility . sister jame how could you imagine it ? sister aloysius well , it 's my job to outshine the fox in cleverness . that be my job ! sister jame but maybe it 's nothing ! sister aloysius sit next to she . sister aloysius then why do you look like you have see the Devil ? sister jame it 's just the way the boy act when he come back to class . sister aloysius he say something ? sister jame no . it be he expression . he look frighten and ... he put he head on the desk in the most peculiar way . and ... ( struggle ) and one other thing . I think there be alcohol on he breath . there be alcohol on he breath . sister aloysius put a consol hand on sister James 's hand . sister aloysius year ago at St. boniface there be a priest ... but I have Father scully then . here there 's no man I can go to , man run everything . we be go to have to stop he ourselves . Mrs. carson barge in with the dead mouse in a napkin . ( continued ) 36 . mrs . carson there we go ! she get he ! it take a cat . sister aloysius yes it do . yes it do . ext . ST . nicholas school - day Children exite the school as a storm gather . CUT to : int . sister jame 's bedroom - night there 's a storm raging outside . wind and rain . she try to sleep , but a tree branch claw the window . int . the convent kitchen - sister aloysius - morning she be lift a kettle off the gas range as a commotion out in the hall catch she attention . mrs . carson this towel will never be dead white again . sister aloysius yes it will . sister Raymond be help sister Veronica to she room . sister raymond ( 0.s. ) Mrs. carson ! sister veronica ( 0.s. ) I be fine . sister aloysius what happen ? sister raymond there 's a branch down . sister aloysius ( to Veronica . ) be you alright , sister ? ( continued ) 37 . sister raymond she do not see it . sister veronica I be fine . just bushwhack . no need for a fuss . sister aloysius you just go lie down . I will bring you some tea . sister aloysius be beleaguere , but not alarmed . she unhook the intercom . sister aloysius ( on intercom . ) come on . mister mcguinn ? could you look in on the courtyard ? a branch have fall . a branch have - -! ( slam down receiver ) ext . the convent step - morning Mr. mcguinn be tug at the fall branch , which be large . sister aloysius come out with a pot of tea in a towel and step around the situation . mcguinn watch you step here , sister . I will cut it up . sister aloysius the world be crash , Michael . mcguinn I have not hear a wind like that since I leave mullingar ! sister aloysius I have never know a wind like it . the wind have change . she go on as he tug . cuT to 38 . int . the entrance door to the principal 's office - day a bench outside this door . the boy , conroy , sit . Flynn join he . flynn what be you do out here , conroy ? conroy I talk in class , Father . flynn wait for sister aloysius . she know you be here ? conroy she know . Father the door open suddenly . it 's sister aloysius . the man stand . sister aloysius good morning , Father Flynn . good of you to come by . flynn good morning , sister aloysius . how be you today ? sister aloysius I be very well , thank you . ( shift attention . ) mister conroy . conroy yes , sister . sister aloysius mister transistor Radio . multiplication table ten time in its totality deliver to I tomorrow morning . legible , Boy ! return to class . go. go , go . conroy , miserable , go . sister aloysius address Flynn . sister aloysius I would invite you in , but we be just short sister James . hear that wind last night ? ( continued ) 39 . flynn I certainly do ! conversation dry up . flynn do I hear sister Veronica have a accident ? sister aloysius yes , sister Veronica fall and practically kill herself . flynn be she alright ? sister aloysius oh , she 's fine . flynn her sight be not good , be it ? sister aloysius ( lying ) her sight be fine . nun fall , you know . flynn Nah , I do not know that . sister aloysius it 's the habit . it catch we up more often than not . we go down like domino . sister James appear , run down the hall . sister jame be I past the time ? flynn not at all . sister jame good morning , Father . good morning , sister . I be sorry I be delay . I run into sister Veronica . flynn how be she ? ( continued ) 40 . sister jame I be afraid she have a bit of a bloody nose . sister aloysius I be beginning to think you be punch people . sister jame sister ? sister aloysius first William London and now ... never mind . well , come in , please . flynn sister ... int . the principal 's office - day sister aloysius be at the door . sister aloysius please . sit. have a seat . they come in . sister aloysius I actually have a hot pot of tea . ( close the door but for a inch . ) and close this but not quite for form 's sake . Father , would you care for a ... sister aloysius be offer Flynn a chair , but he do not notice . he sit in sister aloysius 's chair , at she desk . she 's take aback , but recover quickly . sister aloysius would you have a cup of tea , Father ? flynn I would love a cup of tea . sister aloysius sister , perhaps you could serve he ? ( continued ) 41 . sister jame I have be glad . sister aloysius and yourself , of course . sister jame would you like a cup of tea , sister aloysius ? sister aloysius no , I have already have my cup . flynn be there sugar ? sister aloysius sugar ? yes ! ( go to she desk , rummages in a drawer . ) yes . it 's somewhere here . I put it in the drawer for lent last year and never remember to take it out . flynn ( winking at sister James ) ah , it must not have be much to give up then . sister aloysius I be sure you be right . here it be . I will serve you , though for want of practice , I be , I be a little clumsy . she 's come to he with the sugar bowl . she 's poise over he with a lump of sugar in a small pair of tong . sister aloysius I see you fingernails . sister aloysius 's Pov - flynn 's long nail sister jame sip her tea , watching the two of they back to sister aloysius frozen in the act of serving flynn flynn I wear they a little long . the sugar ? ( continued ) 42. sister aloysius yes . one ? flynn Three . sister aloysius Three ? she 's appal and try to hide it . flynn sweet tooth . she dig at the sugar because the cube have meld together . sister aloysius one . two . Three . sister , you care for sugar ? sister jame never ! ( gently , to Flynn . ) not that there 's anything wrong with sugar . sister aloysius put the sugar away in she desk . sister aloysius well , thank you , Father , for make time for we . we be at we wit 's end . flynn well , I think it 's a excellent idea to rethink the Christmas pageant . ' Cause last year 's effort be a little woebegone . sister jame oh , I love it ! but I love all pageant . the hymn ! o Little town of bethlehem , o come o come emmanuel , o come all ye faithful - - sister aloysius all right . thank you , sister James ! so what do you think , Father ? be there something new we could do ? ( continued ) 43. flynn well , we all love the Christmas hymn , but it might be jolly to include a secular song . sister aloysius secular ? flynn yes . it 's beginning to look a lot like christmas . something like that . sister aloysius get up . sister aloysius what would be the point of a secular song ? flynn just fun . sister jame or frosty the snowman . flynn that 's a good one . we could have one of the boy dress as a snowman and dance around . sister aloysius flip the blind . a shaft of sunlight blaze on the priest . sister aloysius which boy ? flynn ( squint ) we would do tryout . sister aloysius frosty the snowman espouse a pagan belief in magic . the snowman come to life when a enchant hat be put on he head . if the music be more somber , people would realize the image be disturbing and the song heretical . sister James and Father Flynn exchange a look . ( continued ) 44 , sister jame I have never think about frosty the snowman like that . sister aloysius well , it should be ban from the airwave . flynn so. not frosty the snowman . he write something in a small notebook . sister aloysius oh , it 's beginning to look like - - a lot like christmas would be fine , I suppose . Parents would like it . May I ask what you be write down ? with that ballpoint pen ? flynn oh. nothing . it 's a idea for a sermon . sister aloysius you have one right now ? flynn I get they all the time . sister aloysius how fortunate . flynn I forget they so I have to write they down . sister aloysius oh . what be the idea ? flynn intolerance . sister James try to break the tension . sister jame would you like a little more tea , Father ? ( continued ) 45 . flynn not yet . ( to sister aloysius ) it 's a new time , sister . sister aloysius what 's new about it ? flynn something inside of people be new . sister aloysius there be nothing new under the sun . flynn the Church need to change . we should sing a song from the radio now and then . take the kid out for ice cream . sister aloysius sweet tooth . flynn maybe take the boy on a camp trip . sister aloysius the point be ? flynn we should be friendlier . you know , the child and the parent should see we as member of they family . sister aloysius but we be not member of they family . we be different . flynn why ? because of we vow ? sister aloysius precisely . flynn I do not think we be so different . you know , sister , I would take some more tea . Flynn get up . sister James get up . ( continued ) 46 . sister aloysius and they think we be different , yeah ? the work class people of this parish trust we to be different . Flynn flip the blind close . flynn I think we be get off the subject . sister aloysius yes , you be right . you be right . back to it . the wall intercom ring . she answer it . sister aloysius yes , sister Raymond ? ( listen . ) well you tell she to wash she face and she neck and report to I at three . she hang up . sister aloysius ( turn on the desk lamp ) Excuse I . the Christmas pageant . we must be careful how Donald Miller be use in the pageant . sister James shake as she pour the tea , spilling a little . flynn easy there , sister . sister jame oh , uh , yes , Father . flynn all right , what about Donald Miller ? sister aloysius we must be careful , in the pageant , that we neither hide Donald Miller nor put he forward . ( continued ) 47 . flynn because of the color of he skin ? sister aloysius that 's right , yeah . flynn why ? sister aloysius oh come , Father . flynn I think he should be treat like every other boy . sister aloysius well , you yourself single the boy out for special attention . you hold a private meeting with he at the rectory . ( shoot a look at sister James ) a week ago ? sister jame yes . Flynn pick a lemon drop out of the bag . flynn what be we talk about ? sister jame Donald Miller ? sister aloysius the boy act strangely when he return to class . the priest turn to sister James , pop a lemon drop in he mouth . flynn he do ? sister jame when he return from the rectory . a little odd , yes . sister aloysius can you tell we why ? ( continued ) 48. flynn how do he act strangely ? sister jame he ... I be not sure how to explain it . he ...he laid he head on the desk , and he ... some ... flynn do you mean you have some impression ? sister jame yes . flynn and he have come from the rectory so you be ask I ? sister aloysius hmmm . sister jame that 's it . flynn mmhmmm . sister aloysius hmmm . flynn mm-hmmm . hmmm . do you want to discuss the pageant , be that why I be here , or be this what you want to discuss ? sister aloysius this . flynn well . I be a little uncomfortable . sister aloysius why ? flynn why do you think ? ( continued ) 49 . sister aloysius the boy 's well - be be my responsibility . the phone ring . flynn his well - be be not at issue . dutch angle of phone on sister aloysius 's desk it ring . she do not answer it . sister aloysius I be not satisfied that that be true . he be upset when he return to class . flynn do he say something ? sister jame no . dutch angle shot of all three sister aloysius what happen in the rectory ? flynn happen ? sister aloysius mmmhmm . flynn nothing happen . I have a talk with the boy . sister aloysius what about ? flynn private matter . sister aloysius he 's twelve year old . what could be private ? back to straight angle shot ( continued ) 50 . sister jame should I get the phone --? sister aloysius ( overlap ) no. flynn I object to you tone . sister aloysius this be not about my tone ... or you tone , Father Flynn . it 's about arrive at the truth . the phone stop ringing . flynn of what ? sister aloysius you know what I be talk about . do not you ? you be control the expression on you face right now . be not you ? flynn my face ? what exactly be you accuse I of ? sister aloysius I be not accuse you of anything , Father Flynn . I be ask you to tell I what happen in the rectory . flynn I do not wish to continue this . and if you be dissatisfied with that , I suggest you speak to monsignor benedict . I can only imagine this unfortunate behavior be the result of overwork . have a good morning . sister . ( to sister James ) sister . Flynn head for the door . 51 . int . principal 's office - day sister aloysius follow he to the door . what she say stop he . sister aloysius there be alcohol on he breath . Flynn turn . sister aloysius when he return from he meeting with you . flynn alcohol . sister jame I do smell it on he breath . sister aloysius well ? flynn let this alone . sister aloysius no . a bell ring . student start come down the stair . int . the office as flynn stand at the door - day he be pensive , troubled . he close the door . sister jame take you time , Father . would you like some more tea ? flynn you should have let it alone . sister aloysius not possible . sister aloysius back away from he . sister James sit down . ( continued ) 52 . flynn Mr. mcguinn catch Donald drink altar wine . when I find out , I send for he . there be tear . and he begge not to be remove from the altar boy . I take pity on he . I tell he if no one else find out , I would let he stay on . sister James leap to she foot , overjoy . sister jame oh , what a relief ! that explain everything ! thanks be to God ! look , sister , it be all a mistake ! sister aloysius be unmove . sister aloysius and if I talk to Mr. mcguinn ? flynn oh , talk to he by all mean . but now that the boy 's secret 's out , I be go to have to remove he from the altar boy . that 's what I be try to avoid . sister jame you be try to protect the boy ! flynn that 's right . sister jame I might have do the same thing ! ( to sister aloysius ) be there a way Donald could stay on the altar boy ? sister aloysius if the boy drank altar wine , he can not continue as a altar boy . flynn of course . be you satisfied ? sister aloysius yes . ( continued ) 53. flynn hmmm . well , I 'il be go . I have some write to do . sister aloysius intolerance . flynn that 's right . I be not pleased with how you handle this , sister . sister . he go . sister James weakly launch into optimism . sister jame well . what a relief ! he clear it all up . sister aloysius you believe he ? sister jame of course . sister aloysius be not it that it 's easier to believe he ? sister jame but we can corroborate he story with Mr. mcguinn . sister aloysius mmm...hmm . yes . this type of people be clever . sister jame well , I be convinced ! sister aloysius you be not . you just want thing to be resolve so you can have simplicity back . sister jame I want no further part of this . ( continued ) 54 . sister aloysius I will bring he down . sister jame how can you be so sure that he be lie ? sister aloysius experience . sister jame you just do not like he ! you do not like it that he use a ballpoint pen . you do not like it that he take three lump of sugar in he tea . you do not like it that he like frosty the snowman . and you be let that convince you of something terrible , just terrible ! well , I like frosty the snowman ! and I think it would be nice if this school be not run like a jail ! and I think it 's a good thing I love to teach History and that I might inspire my student to love it , too ! and if you judge that to mean that I be not fit to be a teacher , then so be it ! sister aloysius sit down . sister James immediately comply . the light bulb over she head flash and go out . sister aloysius look at that . you blow out my light . in ancient sparta , important matter be decide by who shout loudest . fortunately , we be not in ancient sparta . you honestly find the student in this school to be treat like inmate in a prison ? sister jame no . actually , they all seem fairly happy . but they be all uniformly terrify of you ! ( continued ) 55 . sister aloysius yes . that 's how it work . sister aloysius look up a phone number on a index card . sister aloysius sit there . she dial a number . speak into the phone . sister aloysius hello , this be sister aloysius beauvier , principal at St. Nicholas School . be this Mrs. Miller ? I be call about you son , Donald . ext . parishioner coming into church - day it 's raining a bit . umbrellas . int . the church as father flynn give he sermon - day master shot of congregation flynn a woman be gossipe with a friend about a man she hardly know -- I know none of you have ever do this -- reaction of parishioner chuckling back to flynn in closeup flynn -- that night she have a dream . a great hand appear over she and point down at she . jimmy be serving as altar boy it 's a story and he like storey . back to flynn flynn she be immediately seize with a overwhelming sense of guilt . ( more ) ( continued ) 56 . the next day she go to confession . she get the old parish priest , Father o’rourke , and she tell he the whole thing . '' be gossipe a sin ? '' she ask the old man . '' be that the hand of God almighty point a finger at I ? CUT to sister aloysius seated among congregation flynn ( 0.s. ) '' should I be ask you absolution ? Father , tell I , have I do something wrong ? '' ( irish brogue ) '' yes ! '' Father o’rourke answer she . CUT to sister jame flynn ( 0.s . ) '' yes , you ignorant , badly bring - — up female ! you have borne false witness against you neighbor , you have play fast and loose with he reputation , and you should be heartily ashamed ! '' back to flynn at pulpit flynn so the woman say she be sorry and ask for forgiveness . '' not so fast ! '' say o’rourke . '' I want you to go home , take a pillow up on you roof , cut it open with a knife , and return here to I ! '' cuT to jimmy flynn ( 0.s. ) so the woman go home , take a pillow off she bed , a knife from the drawer , go up the fire escape to the roof , and stab the pillow . back to flynn ( continued ) 57 . flynn then she go back to the old parish priest as instruct . '' do you gut the pillow with the knife ? '' he say . '' yes , Father . '' '' and what be the result ? '' '' feather , '' she say . ext . alley - view from rooftop - dawn a world of feather . flynn ( v.o. ) '' feather ? '' he repeat . '' feather everywhere , Father ! '' the roof - mrs . deakins with a spent pillow - dawn she 's watch the feather fly away on the breeze . flynn ( v.o . ) '' now I want you to go back and gather up every last feather that fly out on the wind ! '' CUT to sister jame flynn ( 0.s. ) '' well , '' she say , '' it can not be do . I do not know where they go . the wind take they all over . '' back to flynn flynn " and that , '' say Father o’rourke , '' be gossip ! '' int . the church as father flynn bless himself flynn in the name of the Father , the Son , and the Holy ghost , amen . CUT to sister aloysius ( continued ) 58 . flynn ( 0.s. ) please rise . CUT to sister James turn back to look at sister aloysius . ext . the roof - dawn feather fly away into the morning light . the sound of a breeze . ext . the garden - day a crow caw . we start on a letter and find sister James , who sit brood on a bench . she put the envelope away , hear the crow caw , and look up . single of a crow on a branch eyeing her back to sister jame looking up at the bird the voice of Father Flynn make she look around . flynn ( 0.s. ) what 's that bird complain about ? now we see flynn and sister jame flynn what kind of bird be that ? that a starling ? a grackle ? sister jame a crow . flynn ' course it be . be you praying ? I do not mean to interrupt . sister jame I be not praying , no . flynn you seem subdued . ( continued ) 59 . sister jame oh . I can not sleep . flynn why not ? sister jame bad dream . flynn yeah , I can not sleep on occasion . sister jame why ? do you see that big hand point a finger at you ? flynn yes . sometimes . sister jame be you sermon direct at anyone in particular ? flynn what do you think ? Flynn light a cigarette . sister jame I receive a letter from my brother in maryland . he 's very sick . flynn then maybe you should go and see he . sister jame I can not leave my class . alternate single shot - dutch angle shot from below : Flynn smoke he cigarette . sister jame be it true ? flynn what ? ( continued ) 60 . sister jame you know what I be ask . flynn no . sister jame I see you put a undershirt in Donald Miller 's locker . flynn he leave it in the sacristy . sister jame why do not you hand it to he ? flynn I be try to spare he further embarrassment . sister James shake she head back to straight angle flynn ( move next to she on the bench ) it 's I that care about that child , not she . have she ever reach out a hand ? that black boy need help or he 's not go to make it ! if she have she way , he will be leave to he own undoing . why do you think he drank the wine ? he 's in trouble ! and she see I talk in a human way to this kid and she immediately assume that there must be something wrong with it . well , I be not go to let she keep this parish in the dark age ! and I be not go to let she destroy my spirit of compassion ! sister jame I be sure that 's not she intent . flynn that I care about this congregation ! ( continued ) 61 . sister jame I know you do . flynn like you care about you class ! you love they , do not you ? sister jame yes . flynn and that 's natural . how else would you relate to child ? that I can look at you face and know you philosophy . it 's kindness . sister jame I do not know . I mean , of course . flynn there be people who go after you humanity , sister , that tell you the light in you heart be a weakness . do not believe it . it 's a old tactic of cruel people to kill kindness in the name of virtue . there 's nothing wrong with love . sister jame Love ? flynn have you forget the message of we savior ? it 's love of people . sister jame I just feel as if everything be upside down . flynn there be just time in life when we feel lose . it happen . sister jame and it 's a bond . Flowers . insert - father flynn have pressed flowers in he bible flynn to remind I of spring . ( continued ) 62. sister jame I should be go . flynn I be sorry you brother 's ill . sister jame thank you , Father . she head for the path , stop . sister jame I do not believe it ! flynn you do not ? sister jame no . flynn thank you , sister . thank you very much . int . a school hallway - student go by - day Father Flynn be in the hallway read a fold copy of the Daily News . Sports score . he spot Father sherman in a vestibule and they share a laugh . noreen horan approach he . noreen Father , I think I have just get to tell somebody . flynn hello , noreen . noreen I be in love . flynn that 's wonderful . who 's the lucky boy ? noreen Jimmy hurley . ( continued ) 63. flynn have you tell he ? she shake she head . Flynn see Jimmy and look in he direction . flynn maybe you should . noreen maybe I will , Father . she turn off Flynn 's look and go after Jimmy . noreen ( 0.s. ) Jimmy ! Jimmy hurley ! Flynn follow she progress towards Jimmy and see Donald . Flynn decide to dodge the boy , call out to Father sherman and duck into the vestibule . flynn Father sherman ... Donald stand there a moment confuse and disappointed . donald miller pass william london in the hallway . William purposefully dump Donald 's schoolbag and its content . Donald stop . william you drop something . kid be step on Donald 's stuff as he gather he thing . he look up . Father Flynn be offer he hand . help he up . embrace the boy . flynn it 's all right . sister James look on . int . sister jame 's CLASS - day sister James be in a very bad mood . some of the kid be laugh . she snap . ( continued ) sister jame okay . be quiet . I say be quiet ! the class get quiet . sister jame the next one of you that speak out of turn get send right to the principal ! now the question be : what be Patrick Henry 's famous remark ? Jimmy raise he hand . she ignore it . sister jame Donald . now we go to Donald , who be not listen . donald sister ? sister jame what be the question ? nobody help he . Jimmy , put you hand down . Jimmy put he hand down . sister jame Donald Miller , stand up . Donald stand . sister jame what be the question , Donald ? donald I do not know , sister . sister jame that mean you be not listen . donald yes , sister . sister jame the question be : what be Patrick Henry 's famous remark ? ( continued ) 65 . donald I do not know . Jimmy can not stand it anymore and blurt out . jimmy give I liberty or give I death ! sister jame James hurley , down to the principal 's office now ! int . sister aloysius in her office - overcast day she 's wield a long pole which be for change light bulb . she have remove the old bulb and be screwing in a new one . her intercom ring . she do not hear it . it ring again . no reaction . then knock at she door , but she 's unaware . more knock . the bulb light and she sense something . she go to the door still carry the pole . she open the door to reveal mrs . miller , who be in she Sunday best , carry a umbrella . sister aloysius Mrs. Miller ? mrs . miller yes . sister aloysius come in . Mrs. Miller start in . int . sister aloysius 's office as she close the door - day and offer Mrs. Miller a seat . sister aloysius please have a seat . I be change a bulb . mrs. miller I think I mighta have the wrong day . you do not answer . ( continued ) she show 66 . sister aloysius ( remove earplug ) huh ? oh. well , just between we , I be listen to a transistor radio with a earpiece . the woman a for-the- era small transistor radio . sister aloysius look how tiny they be makin’ ‘em . I confiscate it from one of the student , now I can not stop listen to it . mrs . miller you like music ? sister aloysius no. News report . year ago I use to listen to all the news report because my husband be in Italy in the war . mrs . miller you be a marry woman ? sister aloysius yes . but then he be kill . be you husband come ? mrs . miller could not get off work . I only have a half a hour myself . sister aloysius I see . of course . it be a lot to ask . mrs . miller how 's Donald do ? sister aloysius he 's pass he subject . he have average grade . mrs . miller hmm. good . he be upset about get take off the altar boy . ( continued ) 67 . sister aloysius do he explain why ? mrs . miller he say he be catch drink altar wine . sister aloysius that be the reason . mrs . miller well , that seem fair . but he 's a good boy , sister . he fall down there , but he 's a good boy pretty much down the line . sister aloysius how be he at home ? mrs . miller his father beat the hell out of he over that wine . sister aloysius oh , he should not do that ! mrs . miller you do not tell my husband what to do . you just stand back . my husband do not want Donald to come here . sister aloysius why ? mrs . miller he think he would have trouble with the other boy . but that have not really happen . sister aloysius good . mrs . miller that priest , Father Flynn , be watch out for he . sister aloysius yes . a knock come at the door . ( continued ) sister aloysius Excuse I . she go to the door , open it . 68 . int . outside the principal be door - jimmy stand - day the door open . he 's face sister aloysius . sister aloysius James hurley , what be you do out of class ? jimmy sister James send I down . sister aloysius what for ? jimmy talk . sister aloysius well , go back up and shut up ! go ! go , Jimmy 's shocked . Jimmy see past sister aloysius to Mrs. Miller . Flynn appear behind Jimmy . sister aloysius see he and shut the door . flynn 's Pov - mrs . miller sitting in the office - day as sister aloysius shut the door . flynn and jimmy in the hallway jimmy what 's go on ? flynn ( irritate ) none of you business ! go on ! back to class . jimmy ( under he breath ) bullshit . go ( continued ) 69 . flynn what have you say ? jimmy nothing . Jimmy , hurt , start up the hallway . Flynn linger , look at the office door , uncertain . back to sister aloysius and mrs . miller in the office sister aloysius want to get away from Flynn . sister aloysius you have twenty minute you say ? mrs . miller it 's just that I have to walk to work . sister aloysius where be work ? mrs . miller parkchester . if I do not start clean by noon , I be not home to let Donald in . sister aloysius May I walk with you ? mrs . miller I do not mind . int . sister jame 's classroom - day sister James be do a math problem on the board . sister jame ... eight sixty -fourth . who can tell I what the common denominator be ? nobody ? at this moment , Jimmy come in the door and head for he seat . ( continued ) 70 . sister jame back already , Mr. hurley ? ( he do not answer . she repeat harshly . ) I say , back already , Mr. hurley ?! jimmy ( turn ) leave I alone . back to sister jame react sister jame who do you think you be talk to ? this be my classroom , Boy . do not you forget that . the boy have sit down . Jimmy quietly break down . jimmy I be sorry . sister jame I be sorry , Jimmy . ext . parkchester - a quiet housing development - day Mrs. Miller and sister aloysius walk along . it 's a green and quiet place . a somber day . they come down a flight of step . sister aloysius have you meet Father Flynn ? mrs . miller just see he on the altar , have not meet he face to face . no. just , you know , hear from Donald . sister aloysius and what do he say ? mrs . miller oh , you know , '' Father Flynn , Father Flynn . '' he look up to he . the man give he he time , which be what the boy need . he need that . sister aloysius Mrs. Miller , we may have a problem . ( continued ) 71 . mrs . miller well , I think there musta be a reason you want to see I . principal 's a big job . I just want to say though , it 's just till June . sister aloysius Excuse I ? mrs . miller whatever the problem be , Donald just have to make it till June . then he 's off into high school . sister aloysius right . mrs . miller if Donald can graduate from St. Nicholas , he 's get a better chance of get into a good high school . and that would mean a opportunity at college . sister aloysius well , I do not see anything at this time stand in the way of he graduate with he class . mrs . miller well , that 's all I care about . sister aloysius I doubt that . mrs . miller try I . another angle - basketball court in the background - day sister aloysius I be concerned about the relationship between Father Flynn and you son . mrs . miller you do not say . concerned . what do you mean , concerned ? ( continued ) 72 . sister aloysius that it may not be right . mrs . miller well , there 's something wrong with everybody , be not that so ? get to be forgive . ( point ) I work right there . sister aloysius I be concerned , to be frank , that Father Flynn may have make advance on you son . mrs . miller May have make . sister aloysius I can not be certain . mrs . miller no evidence ? sister aloysius no . mrs . miller then maybe there 's nothing to it . sister aloysius I think there be something to it . I think Father Flynn give Donald that altar wine . mrs . miller why would he do that ? sister aloysius have Donald be act strange lately --? mrs . miller ( overlap ) no. sister aloysius nothing out of the ordinary ? ( continued ) 73. mrs . miller he 's be himself . sister aloysius alright . mrs . miller look , sister . I do not want any trouble . sister aloysius I do not uhh ... I be not sure you completely understand . mrs . miller I think I understand the kind of thing you be talk about . but I do not want to get into it . sister aloysius what 's that ? mrs . miller look , I only have a few minute . not to be disagreeing , but if we be talk about something float around between this priest and my son , it be not my son 's fault . sister aloysius oh , I be not suggest that --. mrs . miller ( overlap ) he 's just a boy . sister aloysius I know . mrs . miller twelve year old . if somebody should be take blame , it should be the man , not the boy . sister aloysius I know . I agree with you completely . ( continued ) 74 . mrs . miller you be agree with I , but I get call to the principal if you know what I be say . sister aloysius I be concerned about Donald 's welfare . mrs . miller you honestly think that priest give Donald that wine to drink ? sister aloysius yes , I do . mrs . miller then how come my son get kick off the altar boy if it be the man that give it to he ? sister aloysius I know . the boy get catch , the man do not . mrs . miller so you be give my son the blame . sister aloysius no . mrs . miller no problem my son get blame . and you know why that be ? sister aloysius perhaps you should let I talk . I think you be get upset now . mrs . miller sister , you be not go against no man in a robe and win . he 's get the position . sister aloysius and he 's get you son . mrs . miller let he have he then . ( continued ) 75 . sister aloysius what ? mrs . miller it 's just till June . sister aloysius do you know what you be say ? mrs . miller know more about it than you . sister aloysius I believe this man be create or may have already bring about a improper relationship with you son . mrs . miller I do not know . sister aloysius I know I be right . mrs . miller why you gotta know something like that for sure when you do not ? sister aloysius what kind of mother be you ? a wind come up . mrs . miller Excuse I , but you do not know enough about life to say a thing like that , sister . sister aloysius I know enough . mrs . miller you know the rule maybe , but that do not cover it . sister aloysius I know what I will not accept ! ( continued ) 76 . mrs . miller you accept what you gotta accept and you work with it . sister aloysius this man be in my school . mrs . miller well , he 's gotta be somewhere and maybe he 's do some good , too . sister aloysius he be after the boy ! mrs . miller well , maybe some of they boy want to get catch ! that 's why he father beat he . not the wine . sister aloysius what be you tell I ? mrs . miller I be talk about the boy 's nature now , not anything he 's do . you can not hold a child responsible for what God give he to be . sister aloysius I be only interested in action , Mrs. Miller . mrs . miller but then there 's the boy 's nature . sister aloysius leave that out of it . mrs . miller forget it then . you be the one force people to say thing . my boy come to you school ' cause they be go to kill he in the public school . his father do not like he . he come to you school , kid do not like he . one man be good to he . this priest . then do the man have he reason ? yes . everybody do . you have you reason . ( more ) ( continued ) 77 . but do I ask the man why he 's good to my son ? no . I do not care why . my son need some man to care about he and to see he through the way he want to go . I thank God , this educate man with some kindness in he want to do just that . sister aloysius this will not do . mrs . miller it 's just till June . sister aloysius I will throw you son out of this school . mrs . miller and why would you do that if it do not start with he ? sister aloysius because I will stop this . mrs . miller you would hurt my son to get you way ? sister aloysius it will not end with you son . mrs . miller throw the priest out then . sister aloysius I be try to do just that . mrs . miller then what do you want from I ? sister aloysius struggle for a moment . sister aloysius nothing . as it turn out . mrs . miller please leave my son out of this . my husband will kill that child over a thing like this . ( continued ) 78 . sister aloysius I will try . mrs. miller I be late . sister , I do not know if you and I on the same side . i'1l be stand with my son and that who be good with my son . it would be nice to see you there . good morning . she go , leave sister aloysius , who be shake . she walk away . a sudden wind engulf her . she struggle with the wind and dead leave . ext . ST . nicholas school - sister aloysius enter - day it 's raining heavily , and very windy . int . ST . nicholas school - stairwell - day sister aloysius hurry up the stair . int . ST . nicholas school - hallway - day low dutch angle sister aloysius walk down the hallway . she stop , experience a moment of nausea , and then make for she office . int . the principal 's office - day there 's a window open . Flynn appear . he have be await she return . flynn May I come in ? sister aloysius a third party would be require . flynn yeah . what be Donald 's mother do here ? ( continued ) 79 . sister aloysius we be have a chat . flynn about what ? sister aloysius a third party would truly be require , Father . why - - Flynn enter the office . int . the principal 's office - day Flynn be in . he shut the door . flynn no , sister . no third party . you and I be due for a talk . the storm pick up outside . flynn you have to stop this campaign against I ! sister aloysius you can stop it at any time . flynn how ? sister aloysius confess and resign . flynn you be attempt to destroy my reputation ! a gust of wind come in the window and blow some papers on the floor . she go to the window . she raise the blind , shut the window , flip the blind open . sister aloysius who keep open my window ?! what be you do in this school ? flynn I be try to do good ! ( continued ) 80. sister aloysius ( on she knee , pick up the fall papers ) even more to the point , what be you do in the priesthood ? flynn you be single - handedly hold this school and this parish back ! sister aloysius from what ? flynn Progressive education and a welcoming Church . sister aloysius you can not distract I , Father . this be not about my behavior , it 's about yours . ( she stand upright ) flynn no , this be about you unfounded suspicion . sister aloysius that 's right . she start arrange the papers . sister aloysius I have suspicion . flynn just leave that . it 's not important . sister aloysius I will decide what 's important . flynn why do you suspect I ? what have I do ? sister aloysius you give that boy wine , and you let he take the blame . ( continued ) 81. flynn that 's completely untrue ! do you talk to Mr. mcguinn ? sister aloysius all mcguinn know be that the boy drank wine . he do not know how he come to drink it . flynn do he mother have something to add to that ? sister aloysius no . flynn so that 's it . sister aloysius I be not satisfied . flynn ask the boy then ! sister aloysius oh , he have protect you . flynn why would he do that ? sister aloysius because you have seduce he . flynn you be insane ! you have get it in you head that I have corrupt this child after give he wine , and nothing I say will change that . sister aloysius that 's right . flynn but this have nothing to do with the wine . not really . you have a fundamental mistrust of I before this incident ! it be you that warn sister James to be on the lookout , be not it ? ( continued ) 82. sister aloysius that 's true . flynn so you admit it ! sister aloysius certainly . flynn why ? sister aloysius I know people . flynn that 's not good enough ! sister aloysius it will not have to be . flynn how 's that ? sister aloysius you will tell I what you have do ! flynn oh I will ? the light bulb overhead blow out again . sister aloysius out again ! flynn sister James be convinced I be innocent . sister aloysius oh , so you talk to sister James ? well , of course you talk to sister James . flynn do you know that Donald 's father beat he ? ( continued ) sister aloysius yes . flynn and might that not account for the odd behavior sister James notice in the boy ? sister aloysius it might . flynn then what be it ? what ? what do you hear , what do you see that convinced you so thoroughly ? sister aloysius what do it matter ? flynn it matter ! what do it matter ? I want to know . sister aloysius out this window I see you grab William London 's wrist ... and I see he pull away . flynn be you serious ? sister aloysius I be . flynn that 's all ? sister aloysius yeah . that be all . flynn that 's nothing ! 83 . he sit at she desk and write in he book . rain drum down outside . sister aloysius what be you do now ? ( continued ) 84 . flynn I be write down what you say . it might be important when I have to explain why you have to be remove . sister aloysius this morning , before I speak with Mrs. Miller , I take the precaution of call you last parish . flynn what would he say ? sister aloysius who ? flynn the pastor . sister aloysius I do not speak to the pastor . I speak to a nun . flynn you should have speak to the pastor . sister aloysius I speak to a nun . flynn you know that 's not the proper route for you to have take , sister ! the Church be very clear . you be suppose to go through the pastor . sister aloysius why ? you have a understanding , you and he ? flynn no , you have no right to go rummage through my past ! sister aloysius you have a history . this be you third parish in five year . why ? ( continued ) 85 . flynn call the pastor . ask he why I leave ! it 's perfectly innocent . sister aloysius I be not call the pastor . flynn I be a good priest ! sister aloysius you will go after another child and another child , until you be stop . flynn what nun do you speak to ? sister aloysius I will not say . flynn I have not touch a child . sister aloysius you have . flynn you have not the slight proof of anything . sister aloysius but I have my certainty , and armed with that , I will go to you last parish , and the one before that if necessary . i’1l find a parent . trust I , Father Flynn , I will . flynn you have no right to act on you own ! you have take vow , obedience be one ! you answer to we ! you have no right to step outside the church ! sister aloysius I will step outside the church if that 's what need to be do , till the door should shut behind I ! ( more ) ( continued ) 86 . I will do what need to be do , though I be damned to Hell ! during last , she brandish rosary and then slam it down . sister aloysius you should understand that , or you will mistake I . now , do you give Donald Miller wine to drink ? flynn have you never do anything wrong ? sister aloysius I have . flynn a mortal sin ? sister aloysius yes . flynn and ? sister aloysius I confess it , Father ! flynn then whatever I have do , I have leave in the heal hand of my confessor . as have you ! we be the same ! sister aloysius no , we be not , we be not the same ! a dog that bite be a dog that bite ! insert - sister aloysius recover the rosary from table sister aloysius do you give Donald Miller wine to drink ? flynn no . sister aloysius mental reservation ? ( continued ) 87 . flynn no . sister aloysius you lie . very well then . if you will not leave my office , I will . and once I go , I will not stop . she go to the door . suddenly , a new tone come into he voice . flynn wait ! the rain stop . a silence fall . flynn I can not say everything , you understand ? there 's thing I can not say . even if you can not imagine the explanation , sister , remember there be thing beyond you knowledge . even if you feel certainty , it be a emotion , not a fact . sister aloysius you will request a transfer , and take a leave of absence until it 's grant . flynn you would leave I nothing . sister aloysius it 's Donald Miller who have nothing , and you take full advantage of that . flynn I have do nothing wrong . I care about that boy . sister aloysius why ? ' Cause you smile at he and you sympathize with he , and you talk to he as if you be the same ? you be a cheat . and that warm feel you experience , when that boy look at you with trust , be not the sensation of virtue . ( more ) ( continued ) 88. that could be get by any drunkard with he tot of rum . flynn I can fight you . sister aloysius you will lose . flynn where 's you compassion ? sister aloysius nowhere you can get at it . sunlight start to illuminate the office . sister aloysius stay here . compose yourself . you can use the phone if you like . good day , Father . she start to go , have one more think . sister aloysius I have no sympathy for you . I know you be invulnerable to true regret . she head to the door . sister aloysius and cut you nail . she go , close the door behind she . after a moment , he go to the desk . he sit there a moment . he open he Bible , and remove the press flower . insert - flynn place flowers on top of bible int . the church - a christmas Mass be in progress - the choir be sing gloria in excelsis deo . 89 . int . the church - day flynn I never like to say goodbye . but there be a wind behind every one of we that take we through we life . we never see it , we can not command it , we do not even know its purpose . I would have stay among you longer , but that wind be take I away . CUT to donald sitting in congregation flynn ( 0.s. ) I will miss it here . and I will miss you . back to flynn flynn but I be content that the power that propel I do so with superior knowledge as to what be for the best , and that be my faith . I would like to come down now among you and say goodbye , and wish you peaceful heart and loving heart . choir sing ubi caritas flynn ( come down the aisle , clasp parishioner 's hand ) Goodbye . I will stop by . God bless you . peace . Nice to see you here , Mary . God bless you . I wish you much happiness . I will see you again . happy holiday . william london in a pew a ghost of a smile . back to flynn continue down the aisle shaking hand . now to mrs . miller ( continued ) 90 . she be sit separately from she son . back to donald ext . bronx STREET - a snow have fallen —- dawn cuT to ext . ST . nicholas school courtyard - blanketed in snow - day Mr. mcguinn carry a tree out of the shed . cuT to int . ST . nicholas school - quiet hallway - day a decorate Christmas tree . cuT to int . the convent 's blue sitting room - day sister Veronica place figurine in the creche . ext . the church garden - sister aloysius - day it 's a beautiful early winter 's day . the choir can softly be hear sing silent night . sister aloysius be sit in she shawl on a bench . sister James exit the convent and approach she . sister aloysius sister James , welcome back . sister jame thank you , sister . sister aloysius you be miss . how be you brother ? sister jame better . much better . ( continued ) gl . sister aloysius I be very glad . I pray for he . sister jame it be good to get away . I need to see my family . sister aloysius then I be glad you do it . sister jame and Father Flynn be go . sister aloysius yes . sister jame so you do it . you get he out . sister aloysius yes . sister jame Donald Miller be heartbroken . sister aloysius can not be help . it 's just till June . sister jame I do not think Father Flynn do anything wrong . sister aloysius no ? he convinced you ? sister jame yes , he do . sister aloysius hmmm . sister jame do you ever prove it ? sister aloysius to whom ? sister jame anyone but yourself ? ( continued ) 92 . sister aloysius nope . sister jame but you be sure . sister aloysius yes . sister jame I wish I could be like you . sister aloysius why ? sister jame because I can not sleep anymore . sister aloysius maybe we be not suppose to sleep so well . they make Father Flynn pastor of Saint Jerome . sister jame who ? sister aloysius the Bishop appoint Father Flynn pastor of Saint Jerome Church and School . it 's a promotion . sister jame you do not tell they ? sister aloysius oh , I tell we good monsignor . I cross the garden and I tell he . he do not believe it to be true . sister jame then why do Father Flynn go ? what do you say to make he leave ? sister aloysius that I have call a nun in he previous parish . that I have find out he prior history of infringement . ( continued ) 93. sister jame so you do prove it ! sister aloysius I make no such call . sister jame you lie ? sister aloysius yes . but if he have have no such history , the lie would not have work . his resignation be he confession . he be what I think he be . and he 's go . sister jame I can not believe you lie . sister aloysius in the pursuit of wrongdo , one step away from God . of course there be a price . insert - her crucifix cradle in her hand . she cover it with her shawl . sister jame I see . sister aloysius oh , sister James ! sister jame what be it , sister ? sister aloysius I have doubt ! I have such doubt ! sister aloysius be bent with emotion . sister James put out a hand of comfort . she kneel before sister aloysius . the end