the morgue by David gbesemete copyright '' 2001 David ghesmete act I fade in : shot from across the street . shot of club entrance . neon sign read " dance paradise " . camera swarm in and from above . Music from the club . louder and louder each time door open . Long line outside . few car around mostly young people on foot . time and date stamp on screen . it 's Friday night . CUT to : Interior of club . Christmas theme in club . dj wear a Santa suit dj " welcome to all we uofm student . as you all know this be the last jam until next semester . so let 's get rowdy and do what we do best . p-a-r-t-y . " CUT to shot of guy and girl in line . lydia come on , I think its ridiculous that we be stand in line . we should be in there and you and I both know that . guy light cigarette and nod at the couple in front . he turn leave and read the headline on the newspaper . body of 22 year old female miss from the morgue . third body this month . lydia com'on , say something ! ( shoulder shove ) , say something damn it titus quit shove I . lydia ( shove again ) . say something else . titus ( shove back hard ) quit man . if you be not so slow we would have be here with everyone else . lydia be upset and look toward the wall , way from titus . CUT to Inside club titus and lydia on dance floor . they wave at another guy on the upper perimeter . Randy ( to girl hugging he from behind ) there go T and lydia . nannette what ? I can not hear you . Randy what do you say ? I can not hear you . he signal she to the dance floor . they make they way through the crowd to they friend . suddenly , the music stop . dj " hold it , hold it . dance p ' would like to take this time to congratulate the um crusader under they senior co- captain titus von-aldershmitt and Randy bannerman , for successfully defend they soccer championship . this one go out to you guy . congrat " team acknowledge all through the club . Spot light put on titus and Randy . Pierre ( hold a mic to titus ) so what do it feel like lead the crusader to a second title ? titus great man ! hey man can not this wait till later ? I mean we be try to party here Pierre just one quick question before they turn the music back on . titus go ask Randy . we be co-capt'n . Pierre he 's hostile . it 's just for the story you know lydia ( pull titus away with a kiss ) it 's always about the story with you Pierre . Pierre it 's only about the story . remember that . Randy ( come up from behind Pierre ) if it be not Ted couple himself . laughter Randy hunting down the story of the year as usual hey ? Pierre never mind , I be all do here , I get my story from the hero of the day Randy really , be you at the game ? Pierre I be cover the induction of the new school president titus so how do you know who the hero of the day be ? Pierre simple enough , you have a leader , and the follow cast . I go for the leader . Randy kiss my a-s- S Pierre you would not understand the craft involved in what I do . furthermore , you would not know what it mean to finance you own way through college . not all of we have a free ride . Randy you be right , I would not understand the crap involved in what you do . why do not you go cover the miss body story hun ? Pierre how typical of you , the guest of honor . oh and by the way that story be as dead as it call . there be no headline in it . Randy ( walk away from Pierre ) one day , you be go to make the headline and it would not be a story you would have to chase , ' cause the story will be you . one of the student rush the dj 's booth . girl who want this ? ( grab at she voluptuous breast ) girl climb dj booth and stand overlook the crowd . the crowd go wild . she pull she sweater over she head and swirl it around . crowd ( chant ) " take it off , take it off take it off . " the music be back on the dj be play " firestarter " by prodigy . the girl take off she brassier . crowd be cheer she on . CUT to outside : Club security Guard # 1 ( on radio ) 10 - 4 I copy that ( signal other guard ) . com 'on we be want inside . Guard # 2 fuck not tonight . what be it Guard # 1 I do not know something about a chick on the dj booth show some skin . nothing big Guard #2 nothing big my ass , that 's how it always start CUT to one of the security guard reach for the girl she evade he grip he urge she on to step down from the ledge of the dj 's booth . he smile and tell she to come down she look at he and point to she ear as though to say that she cannot hear he . guard#1 ok enough of this crap . he reach up for the girl and he violently bring she down . crowd " boo , you jackass " CUT to a guy make he way from the bar back toward the dj 's booth . along the way he pick up a bottle of stout from a table as he close in on the security guard and the girl , he pour out the remain content of the bottle of stout . CUT to Randy be in a corner hand deep in nannette 's thong . the music seem to have go up a notch . climax be take over she face . her eye be glow with excitement , she body be beginning to shudder . romuald Randy , ( tap on shoulder ) , Randy Randy turn around totally furious at the same time , nannette be scramble to get herself together . romuald look out dude . keep you eye peel . hey ' nette ! he walk off Randy hey , hey lookout for what ? hey romi , romi Randy look at nanette and shrug he shoulder . she be in disbelief and stomp off . he try to stop she but turn around to locate he friend 's destination . CUT to romuald hey , you want to let she go ! Guard # 1 what ? gitattahere kid romuald ( pull guard by the shoulder ) hey , I say get you hand off she you , dumb fuck , can not you see you be hurt she ? the guard turn around and slam the kid against the wall in retaliation . romuald put he index finger in the bottle and bashes it against the guard 's head . fight student and local break out in a fight . the club security converge towards the scene . romuald be the first person catch . the security guard wrestle he to the ground . the guard that he have bashed on the head be bleed . he swing at romuald . romi be out cold . Guard # 1 ( lean over romi with bottle ) you wanna be all bad do not you ? well let I give you something to think about for Christmas , you bloody wanker before he can deliver the blow , he be tackle at the waist by another student , which send they both into the décor . the two be evenly match in stature and brawling style . at the same time , titus and Randy be in take on another guard . Voice come over the p.a system . " break it up everybody . now . " no one stop . Music stop . Voice " alright , you be all under arrest ! " " come on guy take them down . they be all go down town tonight " at the same time , the police walk in . virtually everyone in the crowd start run in all direction . Randy and titus go for romuald . Randy come on man let 's get out of here . they run towards the lady bathroom . they pull the guy who be brawling with the security guard off the latter . it be solonzo , romi 's young brother . a six foot five inch 289 pound lacrosse defensive player . Randy ( with caution ) solonzo , solonzo , chill out dude !! come on dude we have get to get out of here . ( pull on arm ) hey man let get the fuck out of here now ! pause , solonzo yow let 's brake man the trio dash on to the lady bathroom . they make they way to the last stall in which there be a vent lead to the back alley of the club . they kick in the screen . the window give . the three guy jump out of the window onto the back alley . cut to Club fight still go on . the girl ( lydia and nannette ) stand alone in a corner . Officer come over and escort they outside . Officer you ok ? you guy alone ? lydia / nannette yes / no Officer what ? lydia we be alone officer . now can we get a ride back to campus please . cut to from they location in the back alley , the boy can see the police wagon load people aboard . they crouch and make they way back up to the street . Three officer be wrestle to get Pierre in the police wagon . Randy hey , titus , there 's you boy . pause , Randy titus , titus , solonzo where would he go ? man he be right behind . romuald I know , he be right behind I when we go into the chick shitter . cut to flashback to the club . titus ditch he jacket . run out the front door with a massive crowd . officer give pursuit to the crowd . cut to back to real time Pierre let go you baboon ! that camera be worth more than you salary Officer shut up and get in the wagon . I be not go to say it again . Pierre I be a reporter and you be violate my rights . I know my rights , both as a citizen and as a journalist . hey look at my pass badge , I be the editor - in - chief of the U of m Herald tribune . I be here on assignment . Officer yeah get you ass in there back in the alley . Randy and the other be laugh at the whole thing with Pierre . the officer hur he on board as though he have never even mention a word about he immunity . Pierre I would have you badge for this , believe I you be mess with international rights here . I be a journalist and I must be grant permission to cover any event that I choose . Randy this what we be go to do , as soon as the wagon leave we will head for Pierre 's car . you know that they be go to be all over the place so we can not take the hill road back to campus but campus security be not go to stop any vehicle especially not Pierre günter 's car as much as they hate to deal with he and he shit . solonzo well what about Pierre ? I mean do not get I wrong but we can not just let they take he . he 's we friend . romuald well junior 's get a point there . solonzo do not call I that ! I hate that romuald if we be go to make a run for it in he car , the least we could do be try to get he out of there . Randy listen here guy I would love to get he out of there and for that matter I would like to get everyone out of the wagon the truth of the matter be we can not save everyone 's ass so tough tit . so you wanna go with my plan or you want to get some sign and start picketing ? solonzo I be game but how do we know if the key be in the car ? both romuald and Randy turn and look at solonzo and back at the renault 5 park across the street . it be barely alive . the door on the driver 's side have some damage that look like a series of little fender bender the window be solonzo ok I get it but I still say we be wrong for do this . suddenly , here come the police impound truck back up towards the renault 5 . the truck begin to tow the renault . Randy and the rest be shocked , in they state of defeat , they notice the driver door of the renault open and they see someone leap out of the car . it be none other than titus . Randy that 's where he 's be all this while that little piece of shit . how do he get in there ? romuald he be try to make a break for it alone . solonzo jackass titus meanwhile , be give he best impression of James bond meet Austin power . he tumble leave , roll right take a few step and dive into the dumpster in the alley opposite he friend . his friend watch he as he maneuver about with the grace of a cat . suddenly they hear a thunderous sound of pain and rejection . they all stand up at once look in the direction of the poorly light alley . Randy titus , titus , titus ( jump up to he foot ) I be all right ( stretch he arm outward as if to reassure everyone ) I be all right . titus pull on he sweater and look across the way at the now three distinct form in the dark . he recognize Randy 's voice but he still can not make they out clearly titus who 's there ? hey what be you guy do over there ? romuald man it 's we . stay there . titus nod he head and begin look for one of he contact lense . the police wagon be ready to depart from the vicinity . solonzo hey titus , they get Pierre , he 's on the wagon . titus look at the police wagon and suddenly start look around the dumpster , on the floor and in the dumpster itself . he dig into he pocket and reach for he key . there 's a swiss Army knife kit attach to he key ring . the three friend on the other side of the street be look on totally confuse , titus pull out a devise . the police wagon begin move . a sense of urgency overtake titus . as soon as the wagon go pass he , he run after the wagon , pace himself and at the very next shift in gear , he jump onto the ledge . all the people on board begin cheer he on . Randy what the fuck be that boy do ? solonzo com'on , let 's go romuald hey come back here you dumb ass . junior , junior . oh well fuck it Randy romi ! hey .man have you all lose you damned mind ? . fuck all three begin run after the wagon . Randy catch up with the other two . Randy why be we run toward the fuck wagon romuald ( laugh ) I do not know man but I tell you what , I be have a lot of fun tonight meanwhile , titus fidget with the lock on the wagon . finally , the lock give . they door of the wagon fly open and titus , hang on for dear life crash against the side of the wagon . Driver what be that ? Officer ( passenger ) what crash sound . cheer from the back of wagon . Driver that . Officer ( look in side view mirror ) oh shit , stop the truck ( hit the dash ) stop the fuck truck . Driver ( slamm on brake ) what ? what be it Officer they fuck break out . the officer get on he radio Officer attention all unit . loader 1 need assistance . I repeat , loader 1 need assistance . there 's be a break out . Radio response 10 - 4 cut to officer on the road begin turn around , head back for town . cut to Randy titus !! oh shit he 's gonna fall . Randy hold on man they all speed up . the wagon abruptly stop . as soon as the wagon stop , everyone on board start rush out . the crowd scatter in all direction . you can hear the police siren close in on the scene . titus let go the gate , jump down and take off run back toward town . Officer ( passenger ) stop . come back here Driver you get he ? I 'mma go this way . backup be come this way . Officer ( passenger ) go , go I have get this one he start give chase , for a moment it appear as if he be gain grounds on titus . titus be run , grimace and hold he arm . he be in pain form slamm in the side of the wagon . the officer begin stretch to grab at titus ' shirt , Officer gotcha titus evade he grab . the captain of the University of malta 's soccer team show why he be the fastest and most lethal striker on the team . titus begin to successfully distance himself from the officer however great the gap be , he still can not shake the determine officer . titus look back at the officer and then look forward and realize that he be close in on he friend who have stop to look at the race , at that point a faint smile break out of the corner of titus ' mouth . he pick up the pace another notch and then abruptly begin slow down . . before the officer realize what 's happen , he be be side swipe by Randy . Randy get up ? get up now ! what 's up the officer try to get back up to he foot . romi and solonzo join in the attack . the situation quickly turn ugly . the officer be be kick on the ground . the blue light be come up on the boy . cut to at that very moment , Pierre günter , spot a cab and hail it Pierre um campus . drive . cab driver hey what 's go on here ? I be off duty Pierre well you be back on . here ( throw 2 twenty dollar bill at the driver ) cab Driver ok the cab drive right pass titus and the other . the guy spot Pierre in the cab and run toward the cab , pull the door open . cab Driver what the hell do you think you be do . ( stop the cab ) Pierre no drive , drive , do not stop cab Driver hey what be you do titus hitching a ride ( as he climb aboard ) cab Driver hey be this friend of yours Randy sure we be . Pierre no they be not titus really Pierre I mean yeah well he be romuald and we be not ? Pierre no.. you guy be as well I be just say oh what the hell cab Driver I can not titus why cab Driver too many of you . Randy too many . hey they be brother and the two of we be roommate . cab Driver what the fuck do that have to do with the fact that I could get in trouble . solonzo from who the officer ? can not you see they be busy do other thing . titus hey let 's get a move on shall we . we will pay you a hundred buck .. ok Randy what ? titus do we have a deal ? cab Driver a hundred buck . and do not think for one minute that you can fuck with I get it ? titus get it now you just fuck drive . cut to the first dorm in sight be that of Pierre günter . Pierre see that building over there ? that 's my stop ok ! Randy man I have almost forget that you be in here . it 's different not hearing you yap all day long about some bullshit Pierre ( look out the window ) fuck you too Randy , f-u-c - k you too . solonzo hey we be spend the holyday in the city this year man . romuald prodigy be go to be in concert at the club deca . you know we be gonna be out there man for sure . titus I do not know man we might go to the States , I be not sure yet . depend on what the old man have plan . Randy I hope we do go man I be about ready for a change of air . Pierre ( still look out the window ) why do not you just cut yourself a ticket ? oh , oh I forget why do that when you can free load Randy bitch what ? titus hey , hey every body keep cool . ok Randy who the fuck be that fuck pigmy talk too ? Pierre here , stop , here 's my stop . cab Driver alright where 's my money Pierre what ? I give you forty dollar for the ride . that be we deal now you settle the rest with they . the cab driver pull over for Pierre to get out at that time , the Pacheco brother ( romuald and solonzo ) also jump out of the cab . Randy what the hell be you guy do ? solonzo what ? titus he say what the hell be you guy do ? romuald shrug he shoulder and mumble some word under he breath . they all huddle outside . the cab driver step out as well . cab Driver what the fuck do you guy think you be do ? titus easy my man , we be just try to get you cheese for you . chill out man , go back in you ride turn on you music or something . the driver do not budge . titus walk around offer he a cigarette . he accept reluctantly . the cab driver and titus walk off together . they do not go to far however . Randy ok quit joke man cough up some grip . now man I be not play . solonzo what be you talk about ? man I know you be not plan on pay that guy . anyway . Randy what the fuck be you talk about ? Pierre look guy I do not know what you be up to but I have pay my part of the fare so , I be off to my room . romuald yeah dude . com 'on man we know what 's up ? Randy alright , alright let 's just go with the flow . you know the drill . romuald ( raise he voice ) alright man fuck here 's you change dude . you cheap bastard . com 'on junior , let 's break . on the other side of the cab . titus see man . we be straight . we have get you cheese . let 's go . titus we straight Randy ? Randy yeah dude ! we straight titus cool . cut to titus be in the front seat of the cab calming the now very suspicious cab driver . cab Driver ( look in the rear view ) I know you lad be trouble the moment I see you . you bloody well know this now , try anything fancy and I will skin you dead . Randy calm down you old goat , we be not try to pull a fast one on you . we be just out there try to get you money right . so instead of threaten my friend and I , why do not you act like you appreciate this deal . cabby Act what ? you Americans . aye , we should have hang the whole lot of you ancestor . titus frown at the cab driver then , he chuckle . titus shut up you toothless goat , if it have not be because of we Americans , you would be a Nazi colony by now . and what do you get be all mean to we for ? we be you customer here . Randy man how much do we owe you for the two of we ? no answer . titus begin to laugh . the driver be not amused . Randy dude , I be talk to yo monkey ass cab Driver who the fuck be you insulting lad ? I be a real bad man you know ? Randy what ? titus dude do not pay any attention to this old goat he drunk anyway cab Driver I be not drunk , I know just what I be do . if I be drunk , would I be able to drive you here ? titus man you make it sound like it be so hard to drive to the campus . you have probably be drive here since forever , so what be you talk about Randy man , I be for real , what do we owe you cabby you owe I you share of the fare , you owe I a hundred buck titus burst out laugh Randy alright dude now you just be rude ( british accent ) titus ( laugh ) hello , introduce danger power Randy you know what you be just a mean old man . just take we to the spot and I will pay you cab Driver the spot ? Randy yeah the spot cab Driver what spot ? titus be laugh at the two . Randy make a right !!! dude turn right over here man , damn cab Driver who be you cursing at you arse . what do you mean make a right ? there be no dorm that way Randy see , see you too smart for you own good . you should have be a rocket scientist or something like that . just follow the damn direction man . I never say that we be go to the dorm . we do not live in the dorm . now be there anything else that you need , you need to see the house key or something ? ( pull out key and start swinging they at the driver ) titus ' laughter begin to fade . intersection : sign ( point leave ) read Masters flat , other sign illegible point forward . Randy thank you . shit act all paranoid and shit . cab driver do not respond , look around uncertain . cab Driver we go the right way right ? Randy Hell yeah man what .. cab Driver I be not talk to you ! I be ask you ( point at titus ) . we go the right way right ? no answer Randy man tell the dude we head home please . no answer Randy man , I be talk to you dude titus ( snap ) what dude ? yeah we go the right way . do not you know the direction home to you parent ' pad ? Randy chill out dude , do not get you feeling hurt for nothing man . the cab head on . pass another sign : academic site cab Driver where be we go ? Randy we be go to my parent place up there . at the end of the hill . pull up in front of the house . cab come to a halt in front of a gate . the structure be dent and lack in home appeal . cab Driver here ? Randy yeah here . look this be the back of the crib . cab Driver the what ? Randy never mind dude ? this be the back of the house . tell you the truth , we do not want to go in through the front door , it creek . you know what I be say ? cab Driver no titus man he mean my mom might hear something cab Driver you mom ? Randy yeah he mom . School 's out she come to pick he up and take he home . cab Driver you act so tough you be really just baby . Randy man .. cab Driver ( honk horn ) matter less to I lad , just pay up you heathen Randy and titus look around to see who 's look . titus what the hell be wrong with you ? cab Driver I be so sorry , I mistakenly fall on the horn . no harm intend . anyway , I have have enough of you two just settle you fare as arrange Randy alright , alright man look , do not take this the wrong way but see we do not have all of you money right now . cab Driver what the bloody hell do you mean ? I know you lad be up to some trick with I ( he start walk out of the cab ) titus ( grab he by the arm ) no man chill . I mean sir , look at I ( pull he around ) look at I sir , look . cab Driver you be not get away with this titus look , easy man , I be tell you man . I have , here ( dig in pocket while still hold he ) I have get some change here . look , look that 's a ten and some one see . Randy yeah , yeah see we be not try to get over on you cab Driver what be he say , that arse titus Randy Randy Randy what ? titus speak English will you Randy fuck you man . titus ( back to driver ) listen , I just need to go in there and get you money for you that 's all , ok . cab Driver no way let he go Randy you know what , you be pissing I off now . I will go alright but I be take my sweet time believe that and matter of fact , I do not give a shit what you do . blow the fuck horn for all I care man . I will tell campus police that you overload , fix priced and use a company vehicle while off duty . now what ? titus look , look both of you chill out , listen here sir I be just go to go in here and get you money for you . stay tight alright , stay tight both of you . no more fight . titus get out of the cab and head for the gate . he reach the top of the stair and star fiddling with the door handle . titus dip in he pocket and pull out he key . the cad driver be keep a close watch of the entire event . titus turn around to see what the other be do . they be look back at he . he push the door and it give . titus walk into a brightly light room . the door shut behind he . cut to back in the cab Randy dude what 's up with my man . never think I would say this but damn . dude need to hurry up . cab Driver yeah . yeah Randy hey man no hard feeling right ? ( reach over the driver 's shoulder to shake he hand ) hey , we cool cab Driver sure , everything be fine . where 's you friend ? that 's what I want to know . Randy I do not know man but know he he probably make so much noise , he mom probably catch he . cab Driver what 's that suppose to mean . Randy man nothing ..all I be say be that he mom be really long wind and we might be here a while . cab Driver right how great ! Randy trust I I be not ecstatic either . cut to titus be walk through a long corridor . at the end of the corridor , titus make a right turn and open a double door . he 's meet with some bright light , after he eye adjust , he look on at the street light across from he . there 's a high rise building at the corner of the street . titus set he sight on the stair case before he and start climb they down . cut to Randy , look at he watch . Randy alright man , I be tired of wait here . see he put up with too much shit . I be go to go in there and get you money . shit I be tired anyway and if I sit here one more second I be go to go insane cab Driver wow , wow , wait a minute there you be not Randy listen here , man , I know I have be burst you ball but work with I on this one ok . the cab driver just look at randy Randy alright , this be the game plan , I go in and get you grip .. I mean you money , for you . after that you can go you way . now if I be not out in about five minute , just come on in and ask for you money ok . ok . Randy open the door , pat the driver on he shoulder and head out the cab . he walk the same trail that titus just walk . as he approach the door , he turn and give the cab driver a thumb up as he walk into the brightly light room . cut to the cab driver stand outside he car look on . suddenly , the door open again and randy give the driver a vigorous thumb up again . before the driver can move , Randy signal he to wait where he be . the cab driver settles back in he car and turn on the music as he light a cigarette . cut to Randy be dash through the building and he make the same turn titus make . he walk out the same door and onto the same street . he pause for a second look around then shrug he shoulder Randy ( whisper at first ) titus ! titus ! that mother fucker leave I man be not that some shit . Randy take off run again . this time toward the high rise tower . cut to the cab driver be in he car , he start the engine and revs it high , try to draw the attention from the house . nothing . he honk he horn mildly at first then loudly . still nothing . the driver look at he watch . he hesitates a little and then get out of the car and head for the house . cut to Randy open a door and creep into a house . as he move about lightly through the dark , he 's startle when the light come on . titus that 's fuck up man . we be go to pay for this one day ! that 's for sure Randy whatever man . Pierre have already give he forty buck . it be not like he 's go to turn we in . he will lose he damn job . shit. man I be tired I be go to bed . cut to Pierre in he dorm room . Pierre ( on phone ) hey tell you brother to come get he key man I do not know how I end up with they romuald I tell that dumb ass I do not have he key . anyway , we will be there in a minute . he 's in the shiter . cut to the cab driver walk up to the door the first thing he notice be that there be no door bell . he knock on the door and listen for a response . nothing . he knock again . this time he turn the door handle . the latter give . Interior be a corridor line stretcher on either side . cab Driver fuck , that kid get I . shit . cab driver stand around undecided . he 's pace around . head back for the door . stop . sound of something drop in the background . he turn around . cab Driver what be that ? he head down the same direction Randy and titus go . at the same intersection , he freeze unsure of which way to go . Left or right ? he hear a sound come from he right . that 's good enough for he . cab Driver ( tip toe in the direction of the noise ) gotcha . I tell you not to try to fuck with I .. what the fuck be that smell . Hu ( cover he nose ) . cab driver head down the hall . he reach a door and spy into the room . there 's a man in a white robe . like a doctor 's gown . he seem to be do something but the cab driver be unable to see . he smell a foul stench as though some strong chemical have be use on the premise . he open the door and approach the man , he hand be stretch out toward the man . the latter be oblivious to what 's go on . he 's consume with he endeavor . cab Driver ' scuse I Mr. the man turn around . cab Driver sorry Mr. do not mean to .( he look over the man 's shoulder ) .. what the fu .. no audible dialogue . through scene the cab driver collapse to he knee . he look down . grab he side . the man before he withdraw a surgical device out of the driver 's side . it 's a long shine tube with a hollow tip , the look of confusion on the driver 's face give way to a look of pain and agony . he try to breath but he lung be fill with blood , he cough blood on the onlooker 's medical robe . he have be probe right under he leave arm just beneath the third rib , directly puncture he heart 's leave ventricle . the man drop he weapon . the driver panic he try to grab he attacker . the latter step back fall into a pan fill with medical apparatus . the driver slip in he own blood . he be chock spitting blood . he clutch he chest stretch out he right hand for help . with one last effort he desperately lunge for he attacker . they both hit the ground at the same time . the driver grip at the white robe . he try to strangle he attacker , the latter respond in a calm manner , he reach behind he and grab a see , he start swinging the see at the driver 's throat . more blood . the driver still struggle with the man . the attacker then strike the driver across he face with the see crack the driver 's temple . he strike again , again and again until he pull out he hand and find a chunk of matter on the see 's tooth . the attacker then hoist the matter up to he face as if to examine it . it be the driver 's brain . the driver have since give up in he struggle , fall forward into the lap he murderer . the latter , now sit in a pool of blood , look at the chunk of brain matter on he weapon , draw he face closer and in a dement gesture , open he mouth , stick he tongue out and sly it across the weapon . tasting the blood and then collect he bounty at the end . he close he eye and begin chew . cut to knock on a door Pierre who be it romuald be romi man . what 's up ? Pierre comin ' man solonzo hurry man , I get to use you bathroom . Pierre open the door and let 's the brother in . solonzo fly past he and head for the rest room . Pierre hey , hey get out of there . hey ( turn to romuald ) what the hell do he think that he 's do in there ? romuald dude I do not know but he 's be use the shiter everywhere since the club . sound from bathroom . Pierre oh man .. bathroom door open . solonzo ( straighten he pants ) wheeww ! dude I think I be about to die Pierre dude what 's wrong with you .. ( cover nose ) dude what do you eat solonzo ( hold stomach grimace ) man I do not know but I do not feel good . romuald ( laugh ) man get you key and let 's get out of here before Pierre kill you man . Pierre not I . you better get out of here before Lloyd get here . romuald oh yeah I forget . that 's you pimp there solonzo ( british accent ) bloody hell , you fellow lack in manner . romuald ( laugh and put on same accent ) this be intolerable . Pierre , go in there and breath in all that funk and when you be do call I so I can use the restroom . solonzo ( play along ) oh yes sir Mr. Lloyd . anything you say sir Mr. Lloyd . Pierre very funny . but seriously this the most of you guy I have see in a long while and I must say , now I know why we do not hang out any longer . romuald ( serious ) com 'on man we be just burst you ball that 's all . Pierre yeah , yeah I love you too . now beat it solonzo ( still jock ) its cool dude you boss be in the laundry room anyway romuald ( smack solonzo on the head ) that 's enough junior . let 's break . we have to go pack anyway . solonzo ouch romuald thanks dude . anyway , we be out of here . we catch the early flight tomorrow for Babylon . you know the big concert . that 's where you need to be man that 's how you get you big break . Pierre thanks for the tip man but I be stay on campus for the break . I have get a gig with the " dispatch " , plus you know my situation . romuald true , true . alright dude , you have a merry Christmas and all that good stuff . any word from titus and Randy ? Pierre no man . I doubt if I want to know . romuald cool . the brother head out the room . Lloyd be walk in the room . solonzo ( point to the initial on the shirt ) what 's up l.c Lloyd the name be Cambridge , Lloyd Cambridge . solonzo oh my bad . what 's up . C ..l. C Lloyd how interesting , it have the ability to be sarcastic too . marvelous . now you can tackle and be funny at the same time . good for you solonzo ( step up on Lloyd ) what ? hey fuck you man romuald ( grab he ) com 'on junior , do not sweat it Lloyd yeah junior do not sweat it . romuald ( smile ) you bored tonight ? Lloyd I do not know , do you have something in mind Pierre ( stand between the two party ) ok , ok , everybody keep you pants on . guy , I will talk to you tomorrow . alright ? take it light fellow , its be a long night . romuald yeah , you be right . it have be a long night . the brother walk out act ii the boy be in they room . just waking up . titus ' mom be in the kitchen cooking . titus man , I be hungry as hell . what 's up ? Randy man , I smell the eat dude . you mom 's whipping up something ugly dude . com 'on titus shit I get to take a shower first dude . Randy what ? titus I say I have get to take a shower first dude do not look at I like that you know I be not go to sit in front of the old bird and have she go off about smell like smoke again . Randy true , true I forget about that . well hurry up so I can get in there too . I be hungry as shit . mrs.v ( call from live room ) boy ! boy ! titus do you forget to lock the door ? Randy man hell no . I lock everything mrs.v boy ! titus&randy yes mar / mar 'am mrs.v come here boy titus come . ( turn to Randy ) . what ? Randy ( shrug he shoulder ) shit if I know . they head for the live room . go past the kitchen . when they walk in , they find Mrs. V rivete to the screen . on tv screen at the bottom . name : Dr. herman von - aldershmitt , dept. head for the School of Science . stand across from he be the Inspector general of maltese Police . titus turn the tv up , dad 's on tv Mrs. V if you be a little less noisy and a little more attentive young man you would be able to hear much better . titus Mom would you please turn the tv up ? she turn the tv up titus thank you . he turn to look at he friend . the latter be eat some bacon . cut to live scene . Police barrier , reporter , etc a reporter Dr. von - aldershmitt , be this a accident ? noran stamp / i.g.p ( rudely interrupt ) we have reason to believe that the man find on the premise of the morgue be murder . reporter ( jockey for position ) Chief inspector , chief inspector can you tell we the identity of the victim ? stamp as of this very moment , we have reason to believe that this man be a taxi driver for Black Jack cab . we find a taxi park in the rear of the morgue . apparently , the cab driver may have be a innocent victim in a deal go wrong . a case of be in the wrong place at the wrong time . reporter 2 what prompt you conclusion stamper pause then answer stamp the victim 's taxi be find this morning with the door ajar and the key still in the ignition . the first detective at the site notice that the grass behind the vehicle be burn as a result they deduce that the driver have go into the morgue for short period of time and have not intend to stay there for along time . without any further examination stamper continue he report stump button edge that from a the victim state the victim have walk in on and startle the perpetrator . cut to back at the residence titus and Randy be try to make sense of the entire event titus seem more perplex than Randy Randy we need to talk dude titus yeah dude c'mon they head to the back room as the phone start to ring , its one of Mrs. V 's friend . mrs.v ( she turn and see the boy head for the back room ) hey gloria I know be not that awful I hope that do not affect we annual gala plan . I have this fabulous dress . ( Voice fade ) meanwhile in the boy room , a argument be heating up . the music be on to serve as a distraction . titus so how be we gonna tell they that we have nothing to do with the murder ? Randy well , I be think that we kinda do not have to titus we kinda do not have to what ? what the hell be you talk about , there 's a dead body out there and we be the last people to have see he alive . Randy alright chill out dude no need to get all hysterical man titus hysterical , hysterical man what be wrong with you ? Randy alright man fuck it do whatever you feel like . after all I be not the one with the high profile parent , my family 's image will not be tarnish in any way . titus pause and look at Randy in a pensive way . his cun friend might actually have a point . Randy I mean think about it dude , what about you scholarship , you chance to go pro titus shrugge he shoulder . Randy well even if you could careless about go pro , think about you career . do you want this to hang over you for ever ? I mean we do not even know if we be go to have to go to jail man titus be walk around the room wave he finger no . titus man you know what , you might be the one who need to chill out . no one be go to jail . Randy look confuse . titus and you know why no one be go to jail ? its because we be not do shit . how about that ? you see we take a cab just like any other person would . it just so happen that the cab we take end up dead Randy just like any other person right . how many people you know take cab and the driver end up dead ? tell I that ? titus dude there be no time for you petty sarcasm , I be be for real here . we be . Randy look at he friend shaking he head vigorously . titus well I be go to tell the chief Inspector what happen and we name will be clear . they can go catch they killer and we can go on with we life as plan . Randy and how be you go to explain beat up a officer ? hun ? I suppose you will explain that as well and be on you way again . live you life as plan right . titus realize that there be a lot more involved with he confession plan than he realize . Randy ( back in control ) so do you know how much time people do in jail for assault a officer ? you see by keep you big mouth shut , you stay out of trouble you know why ? ( Randy be pace around with he hand behind he back and he head down ) because the cop we jump be a rookie and he be not go to say a word to he counterpart because he do not want to be embarrassed . plus , ( he brandish he right index finger ) he really do not know who attack he and he only see you from behind for most part but he definitely recognize the type of cab that we get into . so by you go on you goody two shoe crusade , you give the rookie a chance to win he purple heart because then all he would have to do be reformat the story to he credit whereby he would identify the whole lot of we as the people who attack he , kidnap a cab and murder the driver for all he cash . now then Rich boy ( he walk right up to titus , stare he down ) you sure about the part where everyone go back to live they life as plan ? titus stunne , crush , defeat and frighten . there be a knock on the door , it be Mrs. V. , she extend the phone to titus . mrs.v you boy be ok ? Randy yes mar 'am . mrs.v well come on and eat . food 's get cold . Randy ( put on a smile ) be right out . mrs.v ( walk out ) and turn that music down a little . Randy ( follow she to shut the door ) yes mar 'am mrs.v head out . titus answer the phone . phone conversation . back and forth screen titus ( hesitate ) hello romuald what the hell happen man . titus nothing dude . we do not know what the hell happen . ok , we Randy snatch the phone from he friend . Randy yeah man we ride the cab to the flat , pay the fucker and that be it . all this be news to we as well romuald what happen to titus ? Randy what ? romuald what happen to titus ? I want the real story so put he back on the phone Randy ( as he stretch the phone over ) that 's what happen man . and I do not appreciate you call I a liar either . titus dude , we pull the cab up to the morgue right , and we pull the freshman stunt but that 's it . we do not even know what be go on this morning till my mom say something . romuald so what 's up , you be go to tell the officer what you know right ? titus do not comment . romuald dude , you be go to tell the officer right ? titus remain speechless again romuald man , do not listen to that fool dude . you have to tell the officer before someone come up with some stupid story . plus you know that dude günter man .. titus aw shit romuald who know man he might be interview himself as we speak titus dude let I call you back and I will tell you what 's up later Randy be stand in the corner look on . . titus click off the phone . Randy dude , what 's go on ? titus look Rome ( romuald ) , do not know where Pierre be . they call he room and he be not there Randy aw fuck titus ( point at the door ) shhhhhhh . Randy man I swear I will kill that bastard myself if he say a word . I be tired of fuck with he . man I be tell you , that 's you boy and you better tell he to stay out of this and keep we name clear of the news or else titus or else what ? you be go to kill he ? you be already a murder suspect .. Randy well so be you .. titus at least I be not give anyone any reason to believe that I could actually be a murderer , or be I ? Randy man , what be you say ? titus I be say .. right at that there be a knock on the door . it be Mrs. V call the boy . there have be a breakthrough in the story and it be on the news . the boy dash pass Mrs. V toward the live room . cut to ; live scene reporter we be here at the scene of the most gruesome murder this city have witness since the day of mass genocide against witch and soothsayer . yes just as the town be readying itself for some peace and quiet during the Christmas break . more body go miss from the morgue and now this . fear not , there be hope .. the three figure stand quiet and at the same time impatient . they keep stare at the screen occasionally look at each other . the reporter be the anchor man for channel 11 . rumor around town have it that he be loose he mind . he always oppose the University and all it stand for . reporter turn to call someone a skinny , shabbily dress man come forward . he 's very poorly groom in he late fifty , he speak with a raspy voice . camera zoom on he forearm , he have a tattoo of a buxom lady wrap around a anchor . reporter yes lady and gentleman , justice will prevail . here be the hero of the hour . this be the person that be go to crack this whole case open . cut to ; the residence a look of confusion on titus and Randy 's face mrs.v what the hell be he babbling about this time . oops , scuse my french . that guy be a idiot to say the least . he 's on this apocalyptic crusade and I do not even know why he 's still on the air anyway . titus Mom shuss cut to : the scene reporter " here be the only eye witness to the murder . yes folk he see the murder , yes he see the gruesome murder unfold . he see all the member of the cult who take part in the macabre murder and even though he be afraid for he life , he have decide that he could not and would not stand by and let the foreigner violate the security of this peaceful town . come forward and tell they for yourself . the reporter stick the microphone in the face of the non expect witness . the latter seem at a loss of word . he be confuse . Witness ah . my name be liam , liam O'Toole , the night watch at the morgue . I see they when they pull up and at that very moment the chief of police appear on screen . he snatch the microphone from the witness . he turn and face the reporter . stamp this be a crime scene and you have no right to make this interview . there be no legitimacy in this interview . any new witness in this case must be interrogate by the police department prior to any public interview if any at all . you have jeopardize the life of this witness and in the process botch a ongoing investigation . reporter wait just a minute here , I have journalistic rights also and I know that you do not under any circumstance interfere with the people 's right to know and the people want to know . the people want to know what danger lurk out there at night . the people want to kno .. stamp ( point at the camera man ) get that thing out of my face . that 's it you be go down to the station reporter ( beginning to fight off the officer ) wait a minute here under what charge be I be arrest ? I have commit absolutely no crime . a crime be be commit against I and the people of malta stamp ( knock the camera down ) take they away . you be under arrest for withhold evidence in a criminal investigation . and you ( point at the witness ) , you must report at then police station for question you can either come on you own accord or you may the city 's finest escort you to the best hotel in town , get it ? o' toole yes sir I will be there sir , no need for you escort service sir , I have my own transportation and it will do just fine . I will be there this evening before my shift . cut to ; the residence titus and Randy be in panic . titus who the hell be this guy anyway mrs.v ( disapprove of language ) titus . titus what ? I mean you get any jackass on tv and suddenly they know everything mrs.v Young man that 's enough . I be not go to tell you one more time . Randy hey man ease up . listen to you mom . man. ok mrs.v what be go on here . you too have be act strangely today . Randy its nothing mrs.v. just have a little too much fun last night that 's all . come on T. mrs.v I do not care much for what you do outside this house but if you think for one second that you be go to bring in here whatever go on out there , you be sadly mistake . Randy sorry ' bout that mrs.v. , . he 's trip and that 's all mrs.v maybe you need some fresh air then . titus ( walk toward bedroom ) I be fine Randy follow he . mrs.v turn back to the tv . the camera shot show be from the ground . you can see the officer hoist away the reporter . cut to ; live scene reporter ( hold he microphone as the police escort he ) this be Neal elam report for mbc news live at the crime scene , stay tune for the second part of we interview with liam O'Toole , on the evening news cut to ; the residence the boy be in the room . Randy can we say lose it ? no reply Randy man if you keep on like that , you will convince I that we do it . titus I can not believe what 's happen to I . Randy listen here man . this be not the time to fold dude . what we need to do be try to catch that dude before he go to the precinct titus what the hell be you talk about ? what the hell do you want to " catch " he for ? Randy so we can find out what he actually see . titus and why would he what to tell we ? Randy ' cause we be reporter ! you dig ? the boy take off run for the door . the fly pass mrs.v . Mrs. V where be you head ? you be dad would be home soon and . the boy be already out of the door and racing down the stair . Randy ( panting ) beat you again . you owe I five . titus ( bent over , panting ) you cheat dude plus you do not say anything about betting , now do you ? Randy ( point ) look its Pierre stand in front of the elevator . he see they . Pierre hey guy , I be just on my way to you place do you see the news ? Randy ( look at the other people in the lobby ) what ? what about the news ? what 's on the fuck news ? Pierre woof , woof , someone put a leash on that one . man , what 's you problem dude ? you seem a bit jumpy there , you all right ? Randy " jumpy ? jumpy ? man do you know that I do not like you ? jumpy who you call jumpy ? " titus ( stand between he two friend ) all right lady let keep we wig on ok . now what 's so important on the news , you win student writer of the year ? Pierre no dude , the cab we take last night be find dead in the .. both titus and Randy rush he before he could finish , they lift he up by each armpit into the garage . titus wow , wow , wow , what be you try to say ? what do you mean we be the last to ride with he ? Pierre what ? I never say a word about you guy be the last to ride .. man would you paranoid baboon let I go . what the heck be wrong with you two . titus and Randy realize that they be overact and they also realize that Pierre do not really know what be go on . they drop he and decide to leave thing as they be . titus ( put on a fake smile and patting Pierre on the head ) my man p , well I guess we gotcha again , man we be only mess with you but yeah dude we have get to run and we will be at the diner late on tonight so meet we there . we can talk about all this crap before Rome and solonzo leave for the holiday ok ? we will see you then . Pierre hey they be they start run off never wait for Pierre 's answer . he try to stop they but they just keep on run . Pierre turn and head back for the elevator . something be not right . he press the number six . this be the floor on which titus and he family live . the elevator open and Pierre head for number seventy - six . door bell ring Pierre good afternoon Mrs. V , I be look for the boy . we be suppose to meet at the dinner this afternoon but they do not show so I decide to check on they . Mrs. V well Pierre , I have no idea where that boy be . we be all watch the news about the murder and the eyewitness guy come on and there be this whole fiasco and they take off run . where ? I do not know . Pierre I do not know that there be a eyewitness ? Mrs. V sure , Pierre my boy be you lose you touch ? ( Pierre smile . she turn to fix herself a drink ) well it 's the night watchman at the morgue . to tell you the truth , he give I the creep . I do not know if he do it himself . I would not be surprised you know ? sound of door shutting . she turn around and there be no one there to speak to . Pierre be go . Mrs. V walk back toward the elevator . the door shut . Mrs. V she be confuse . cut to titus and Randy walk toward the senior dorm . Randy so what do we do ? titus I do not know ! this watchman guy have throw a entirely new spin on this thing and if he see we , he definitely see the murderer and I want to know who that person be because it 's definitely not I . Randy it be not I either ! darkness be fall on the little town . the boy make it to they friend dorm room . the Pacheco brother be on they out to the airport . the shuttle be leave . Randy ( run after the shuttle ) wait , hey wait , you can not leave titus man they be out man . Randy fuck titus easy dude , easy let 's head on to the morgue . we still have time . Randy man , let 's call that dude before he leave . titus what ? what for ? Randy have you forget that he 's suppose to speak with the chief inspector this evening ? titus I just say that . what do we want to call he for ? Randy ( pull change out of he pocket ) we be call he to make sure that he know that some reporter be on they way to talk to he . Randy head toward the phone booth and start dial . Randy be this the switchboard ? ok , I need the morgue please . yes , yes , this be mbc on channel 11 . thank you . titus be look on baffle . titus what the fuck be you do ? you know the number to the morgue . you be pre - mo remember Randy push he friend away from the booth , then pull a handkerchief out of he pocket and cover he mouth with the handkerchief . Randy Mr. o'toole , please . Voice at the other end of line o'toole , be late as usual . who 's this ? he do not come in for another hour and half . Randy May you ask who 's speak ? this be the Inspector general of police , chief inspector stamp . now I must speak to Mr. liam o' toole at once . he be suppose to come down to the precinct for a interview . however , for security reason , I want he to stay put at the morgue . I will be there to speak to he in person . now , have I satisfied you inquiry Mr .? Voice at the other end of line loki , loki 's what they call I around here sir . and I would make it a point to inform Mr. liam of you instruction sir . Randy well do so and remember , you country be count on you . tell I Mr. loki , be you a patriot ? lokivickick he chest out and salute ) yes sir , I be . Sir I fight in the second world war and . Randy ( laugh ) and you will do what it take to keep danger away from you country 's shore at all cost so do as you have be tell and everything will be well . I be on my way . Randy hang up the telephone . titus be not amused titus you know what you problem be ? you play too much . titus walk off . Randy stand there for a while then follow cut to Pierre ( tear through he thing in he room ) where the hell be that body mike ? Lloyd ( lie down with he headphone on and a pack suitcase at he foot ) what be you do ? Pierre ( still look ) just look for this mike . Lloyd ( pull one ear off ) still hunt that pulitzer story I presume Pierre ( grab a string and start pull ) ah , ha . I do not know about pulitzer but I know that this could mean go home for Christmas instead of stay in this dump . Lloyd struck it rich Mr. günter ? Pierre ( head out ) you can say so . the watchman at the morgue see the murderer . he be on the news . its my story . cut to the guy arrive at the morgue . titus Mr. O'Toole , Mr. liam o'toole , Mr. O'Toole , we be here to speak to you about the incident last night . liam ( come up from behind they hold a riffle ) what do you devil want ? I know you , you be the guy from yesterday . you be with that guy and you be try to kill I . its like loki say , the chief inspector be right . you be all try to kill I . liam be very agitate . he poke Randy in the back . titus ( turn around with he hand up ) wow , easy dude . we be here to talk to you . that 's all . liam take one more step and you will feel right at home . Randy ( calm but shaky voice ) Sir . please put that weapon down . you be drunk and I can smell it . we could have a serious accident on we hand here . you do not want to make a silly mistake now do you ? liam ( jerk gun into Randy 's back ) shut up . you walk toward the back . you think I do not know what 's go on ! the boy walk . titus be ahead follow by Randy and liam be behind they . the hall way be poorly light , the fluorescent tube light keep flash on and off make O'Toole even more agitate . they approach the back room . titus turn leave to enter the room . liam do not go try anything funny in there sonny jim or it 's you friend 's arse . gun fight as O'Toole speak , he lean forward . when Randy feel the increase pressure in he back , he spin sharply to the leave , into the back room entry way , cause O'Toole to fall forward . as the latter do so , Randy quickly grab the nose of the riffle and jerk it upright . o' toole be take by surprise . the last thing he expect be this entire situation to go wrong . his body instinctively follow the direction of the riffle . titus be still in the back room with he hand over he head . he be oblivious to the on go battle in the hall way . then suddenly a gun shot . in the mist of they struggle , the riffle go off . titus panic . titus head for the door . another shot go off . titus freeze in he track . he resume run toward the door , the hall way light be flash and all he can see be glimpsis of people 's figure . one of which be on the ground , and the other stand over he . liam I know you be try to kill I , you bastard . I be not scared of you ! Randy what the hell be you talk about ? no one be try to kill you . we come to talk to you liam talk to I ? talk to I ? I do not hear you talk titus walk out of the room with he hand up titus do not shoot ! do not shoot , I can explain everything , it be titus be surprised as he eye adjust to the flash light . the gunman be not o'toole , it be Randy . titus Randy , alright dude let 's get out of here man . Randy non dude , this jerk try to kill I and I want to know why ? liam I try to kill you ? you be the one 's that be want not I . I see you that night , ( Randy lower the riffle ) yeah .. you be surprised han ? you do not think anyone have see you that night well , I see you . titus man , you get it all wrong , we be there that night but we do not kill anyone . Randy ( nervously point the riffle at the other two ) why the fuck be you try to pin this on we ? we be not do nothing liam I know what I see and I see you and you , ( point at Randy and titus ) , run out of the morgue that night . Randy ( point the riffle at o'toole ) you do not see shit titus grab at the barrel of the riffle and pull it up from o'toole . the riffle go off again . Randy what the hell be you do man ? titus I think you be go to do something stupid ! while the two friend be argue , O'Toole cease the opportunity to run into the back office . the boy realize and give chase but the old man have already turn the lock on the door . they try to force the door open but it be to no avail . titus open the door , we be not gonna hurt you ! the boy try to catch they breath , and sound assure but no one answer on the other side of the door . titus O'Toole , open the door , please . I promise we be not go to hurt you . Randy ( he shove he shoulder into the door ) open the fuck door there be no response from O'Toole . Randy open this door or I will shout it open .. titus shhhhhhh Randy now what ? titus listen fuck , he 's on the phone with the officer . liam ( on the other side ) help , they be try to kill I . help please help I . its they . its two of they .. I do not know where the other one be titus let 's break the boy take to they heel . they frantically run out of the building dash across the street to the campus diner . theybarge into the diner and sit at the corner table look back at the morgue . waitress May take you order ? Randy ( still look out the window ) non ! we be straight waitress you sure ? look to I like you have work up quite a thirst there , you be really sweat you know ? titus and ? waitress hey do not get foul with I young man , here , it 's simple . you order or you leave . so , what 's it go to be ? Randy man com ' on , let 's get out of here , let 's go to ' 12 / 7 ' . this place suck anyway . plus , it 's almost time to go pick up lydia the boy walk out of the café and head to the north end of the campus . there be another café at that end of the campus . this one be notoriously know for its student clientele and it 's extremely provocative waitress . one of which be Randy 's girlfriend nanette . they arrive at the café . cut to Pierre be go up the stair of the morgue . the door be open wide . he walk in everything be in disarray . Pierre hello ! be anybody here ? hello , I be with the campus press and I need to speak to the night watchman .. hello . hello . he walk up to the security booth . the two way radio be behind the booth but no one be in there . Pierre keep call out to anyone without ever get a response . he make a right turn onto the hall way that lead to the back room . as he walk he notice the light flash on and off . he keep walk in the dark . suddenly he step on a piece of glass . the glass brake under he foot . he maneuver around that piece of glass only to step onto another piece . Pierre look down at the ground and realize that there be piece of shattered glass all over the ground . his foot be barely come off the ground . he be close in on the brake room , it be on he leave . Pierre put he hand up against the wall and feel he way up to the door as he hand be run smoothly against the wall . suddenly he feel a hole in the wall . he make it to the back room . no one be there . there be one last room to check on this wing and that be the security guard ' lounge . as Pierre approach the last door , he notice footprint mark on the door . he grab the door handle , turn it . Pierre open the door and wedge he face through the slight open , no sign of danger . Pierre hello .. be anybody here . no one answer . Pierre walk into the room the phone be off the hook . he wonder what be go on ? there be a draft come in from the back of the room . he look in the direction of the draft . it 's from a window crack open . Pierre walk toward the window to shut it . he reach forward with he leave arm contour a coat rack . Pierre grab the edge of the window and begin push down . the window do not budge he push down harder , still no progress . Pierre try to move the coat rack in order to use both arm . the window still do not budge . he be determine to shut the window down . Pierre reach around the rack with he right arm to push down . he touch something soft and before he can assess what he be touch he feel sharp tooth come down on he right index finger . Pierre pull back , lose he balance and hit the deck all at once . at the same time , a black cat jump down from the window ledge into the room . it land on Pierre 's chest then pounce off out of the room . Pierre ( rub on he chest ) oh shit , shit , shit , shit Pierre sit up and try desperately to gather he thought . he reach for the coat rack , pull himself up to he foot and turn around only to be meet by the fix stare of a onlooker sit in the corner . Pierre 's jaw drop , he freeze in he stance immobilize by the sight before he . it 's a corpse . White female mid forty . Pierre begin feel nauseous and scramble for he inhaler . Pierre pump once , twice finally he breathes . Pierre take off run out of the room . he struggle out of the room and back into the poorly light hallway , he bump into a cart , cause a arm to fall out and grab he around he leave thigh . Pierre spin away from the body only to fall onto another cart . there 's no body on this cart but the wheel at the base of the cart be not lock in and this cause the cart to spin off forward send Pierre to the ground once again . he stretch out he hand to break he fall . upon contact , he feel a sharp pain surge through he body he hand land on a piece of glass . Pierre immediately roll to he side to alleviate the pain from he palm . he pull the piece of glass out of he palm and wrap he hand with a handkerchief , get up and walk toward the lab at the other end of the corridor . he see some motion through the opaque glass . this be it , this be what he 's here for '' a story - Pierre pull out he camera , turn on the flash and approach the lab door . there 's some music play in the lab . Pierre open the lab door and see a attendant in a robe . he walk up on the person . this person be stand over a body , it appear as if he be drain blood from the corpse a little see be sit to he right . besides the corpse be a sink link to various chemical . Pierre Excuse I ! hey excuse I I be look for the night watch . no response . Pierre keep on walk toward the attendant . he approach the man , tap he on the shoulder and as the man turn he notice that the latter be remove a implant from the corpse 's breast . Pierre I be sorry do not mean to startle you man / with face mask ( drop implant ) oh my I do not hear you come in . Pierre ( look at the implant ) I be sorry to disturb you but I be look for the night watchman man( bend over to pick up implant ) why ? I mean I be sorry . the night watchman you say , I have not see he . the man be unable to pick up the rather slippery implant so he resort to stabbing the implant with a prong and pick it up . man( drop implant in a sink ) sorry about that . can I help you with anything ? Pierre give no answer instead he look into the man 's eye . man ( look perturb and disorient ) what the hell be you do here ? who the hell be you ? look for the night watchman hey ? Pierre ( step backward ) hey calm down Mr. , and could you not point that thing at I ? ( refer to the surgical blade ) I hear someone in here and I want to come in and ask a few question . liam ( wave the weapon at Pierre ) I ask who the hell you be ? Pierre I be sorry , I be sorry . my name be günter , Pierre . I be with the tribune and I be cover the story about the murder that take place in this morgue . you know what I be refer to right ? man change he composure . Pierre I be sorry , I do not catch you name ! man that 's because I never tell you my name . and by the way I be the one ask the question around here get it ? now this tribune thing of yours , how much be it pay ? Pierre it depend . what do you know ? be you pre-med ? ( look and point at the blade ) man( hesitate slightly ) yeah , I be do some work uh , on my own . you know how it be try to get ahead of class and stuff ( act ever so friendly ) Pierre yeah , yeah I know just what you be talk about , you have to work hard to get ahead of the competition . you know what I mean ( refer to himself , Pierre point at he camera and position it for a snap shot ) , by the way , what year be you ? man( become apprehensive again ) oh , I be just a first year student ! Pierre and you be aloud to work in the lab already ? man( frustrated / take mask off . its liam ) look here Mr. , something tell I that you be not here for the murder story after all . what do you want here ? who be you look for ? do you come out here to investigate I hun ? you with that damned stamp right ? Pierre ( look confuse and scared at lim 's aggressive behavior ) stamp , who be stamp ? hey Mr. maybe we have a misunderstanding , I will just go now . I really do not know what you be talk about . I just come here to cover the story on you and to see what happen with titus and Randy . ( liam stop follow Pierre . he begin to wonder how Pierre know who he be ) seem to I you be a little paranoid about you little project back there liam ( dash toward a switch on the wall and depress it ) and seem to I as if you know a lot more than you be let on lad ? ( Pierre try to unlock the door behind he but it would not move ) . you be with that other two ( liam be walk back toward the middle of the aisle . he pick up a hatchet look device . Pierre see he ) . you be here to try to kill I two . well not today lad . Pierre hey there , no one be here to kill anyone Pierre turn around and struggle with the door again . it do not budge . by the time he turn around , liam be charge toward he in a instant , Pierre dive behind one of the bed . he be quickly back up to he foot . liam be give chase . as liam make the turn , Pierre who be under the table retract he step and roll back underneath the first table and across the floor over to the opposite aisle and underneath another table . his breathe be frantic but he 's try to keep it down the best he can . meanwhile liam be on the other side babbling incoherently . liam yeah , see , everything be just fine that night . I come in to get the body like he tell I to , I know it when it all go down last night . I tell he I would bring it to he but no , here come the other two last night . that 's when I leave . see I know they would try to get I like that poor fellow last night . everything be suppose to go accord to plan . then come that loud mouth reporter guy see . I figure that 's how I would get my money since he do not want to pay up , I tell he I would tell the officer the whole thing . but no , that guy have to throw a wrench in my fuck program . Pierre reach into he pocket and pull out a recorder and start taping . as he look for a place to hide the recorder , he notice the source of all the electrical cable in the lab . Pierre decide to retrace he step to the source and turn off the power . liam what you do that for ? fat boy ! you buy yer 'self some time here ? come on out and old liam and you talk it over , hun , what do you say ? no answer . liam start throw the bed around . liam oh well fuck it . see I have it all figure out now . after you dead , I will go call the officer . oops , I already do that . ha all I have to do be tell they that you and you friend attack I and in self defense I kill you but the other get away . they will get arrest , and I will walk . now , how 's that for a plan ? liam flip the last table on that side . there 's nothing there . liam be surprised . he head for the other aisle . in a big rage , liam dash toward the opposite aisle and ram the bed together in no particular format . Pierre realize that liam be approach . liam ram the table . Pierre scoot over to the corner , pin himself against the wall and look up . above he be a panel of switch . he jump up and start turn the switch in all the opposite direction . liam see he and dash toward he with he weapon brandish high in the air . Pierre hit the first switch nothing happen . liam be close in on Pierre . Pierre hit a succession of switch in any direction . several thing come on and off . the lab 's mainframe go off , the air suction tank come on whistling everywhere . liam be five foot away from Pierre . Pierre grab he rosary cross and just stand there petrify . just at that moment , the hose to which the air tank be connect , swing violently lash liam O'Toole in the face . liam ( grab he face / blood ) ah , you dead , you fuck dead I be tell you the air hose leave a deep gash across he face . Pierre hit the last switch . Lab be totally dark except for light from the hallway . liam cry out loud . liam palm he face scream obscenity . Pierre run back across the aisle . . liam follow . he stumble across the aisle , fall into a pan of surgical tool . he grab at the first thing . Pierre be in the dark . Pierre try to stand up to see where liam be . he slip in the spill silicone solution , cause he to drop to the floor . liam hear the fall . he swing a fork like instrument and hit the wall , Pierre reach for he camera and point it toward liam O'Toole and snap three consecutive shot of the assailant . liam be blind . Pierre jump up . the two man start to wrestle . Pierre try to tackle O'Toole at the waist but he slip . o' toole capitalize on this error . he land a elbow flush into Pierre 's back . Pierre let go he grip . o' toole spin he around and try to reach for yet another weapon . hiss sound of the air hose in background . the two man battle each other out . one drive by anger and the other drive by fear . the hose keep swinging around , and all of a sudden , it strike Pierre in the back . this drive he forward into O'Toole . Pierre fall on the ground , O'Toole stumble back , as Pierre look up at the man who be about to take he life . O'Toole 's kick he across he face turn he face into one of the bed post . then , nothing . Pierre slowly turn around to see what O'Toole be wait for to finish he off . as he look out of the corner of he eye , he notice O'Toole 's foot dangle off the edge of the table . Pierre slowly rise to he foot . he only then notice a sound from O'Toole . this be the sound of a meat cleaver . Pierre slowly rise to he foot and look up only to see liam O'Toole lie on he back gut out from he throat down to he naval . there 's a rotary cutter protrude from he chest . the cutter seem jamme . Pierre come closer and the machine begin spin again cause O'Toole to spin he body upward rip through he chest . as the devise spin backward , it pull O'Toole 's body backward . a tear drop run out of the corner of O'Toole 's agonizing face . liam ( gargle blood ) please . make it ..stop. please . please Pierre ( approach ) I . I .i be sorry . Pierre head for the switch panel and turn a series of switch on and off . the light come on , the air tank go out and so do the cutter . Pierre turn in shock . there be blood all over the wall . o' toole be lie there with he intestine expose and mangle in the blade . Pierre reach for he inhaler but he can not find it . he start run out of the lab . he crush into the door but they be still shut . there 's a red switch right next to O'Toole 's still body Pierre make he way back to the body , reach over O'Toole and press the switch . suddenly , he feel a grab on he wrist , it 's O'Toole in he death grip . Pierre ( in panic ) oh , oh shit .( he pull away ) let go .. ( he fall and finally brake the grip ) as suddenly as it happen , it be over . Pierre watch O'Toole 's arm slump to the side . O'Toole 's hand open , Pierre see he rosary in the man 's hand . Pierre reach and pull the latter out of the dead man 's hand . Pierre back out of the lab stumbling on bed and step over corpse . he make it into the hallway . he hear the distinct sound of siren come toward he . cut to ; approach police car . siren and light . stamp ( in one car / passenger ) com 'on , step on it . I can not believe you Officer ( drive ) I do not take the call sir . I can assure you I would have relay it to you stamp how do you get a 911 and think it 's a prank call ? tell I ? I be wait . cut to ; back to Pierre Pierre stall for a minute look through the front door and grab the door handle . he can see the police vehicle approach . he stop . step back . Pierre backtrack he step and run out of the building through the load entry . Pierre clutches he chest he 's have a asthma attack . he dig he hand into he pocket to grab he inhaler . it 's not there . cut to ; camera shot of inhaler in the on the ground in the lab . cut to ; back to Pierre . Pierre f-u-c- k , Pierre freeze in he track , look back at the morgue . Pierre hear the police officer approach the rear of the building . Pierre run through the wood that separate the dorm from the rest of the school . he head for he dorm . he see it in the distance . officer walk outside the back door . noise from the bush . Officer ( with flash light ) who 's there ? you hear something . officer2 ( pull out flashlight ) what ? I do not hear a thing . cut to back inside the morgue stamp and the forensic team be at work . guy ( take picture ) wow ! what the fuck happen here ? damn do you see that ? stamp ( put on glove ) what do you think happen ? another murder . Officer ( from across the room ) found something ! stamp walk over to the officer . stamp look like a inhaler . get some print on that , will you guy ( take picture ) hey boss , check this out . he open the corpse 's hand . there be a imprint in he palm . the man take picture of the palm . stamp what 's that ? guy I do not know boss but he must have be hold on to something really badly . stamp squat and look on the floor . he 's hold a pen and brush it on the floor . Officer ( walk in ) get the positive id on the body . its liam O'Toole . stamp who ? Officer the witness ? stamp I know who the corpse be you idiot , I tell you to get I some lab work on that inhaler . Officer get that too . cut to on the other side of the campus , Randy and titus just walk into 12 / 7 . nanette be wait on one of the last customer in the restaurant . she suddenly jump from she bend stance . she feel Randy 's hand grab at she ass . she turn with a frown on she face but that give way to a smile . the two guy head to the back of the room and sit at the corner table . the manager know they . he wave . Randy wave back . titus keep look at he watch nervously . Randy signal nannette point at he watch nervously . nanette look in the boy direction shrugging she shoulder . Randy signal nanette to tell the customer that the café be close . she point to the neon sign outside the window and it read , " 12 / 7 , we serve till the very last customer " . store manager ( throw on he coat ) nanette , I be go so close up . ok ! nanette look at the tall lanky man as he throw on he overcoat . store manager ( half way out of the door ) and by the way randy , that thing over there ( point at the counter ) be use to serve coffee and food for we customer . not for other activity , if you know what I mean ? Randy smile look at nanette Randy start get loud as soon as the manager be go . customer I will have a cup of coffee please nannette anything else ? customer ( look through menu ) hmmmm . no nothing . thanks the customer drop some coin on the table , grab he hat and walk out . as nanette turn off the open sign and switch on the close one , Randy walk up behind she and start grop at she . nanette ( look at titus in the corner ) what 's the matter titus ? titus stare straight out the window toward the morgue . he can see some police light in the distance as well as hear the faint sound of siren . titus keep stare . suddenly he turn . nanette be sit directly across from he . nanette so , you want to tell I what the , matter be ? titus oh , believe I you do not want to know . nanette try I for size Randy hey , hey that 's my job and I thing you fit just fine . nanette well I would be the judge of that ! titus chuckle at Randy . Randy be not amusing . nanette no , I be just kid , that 's my baby though ( hugging Randy as she speak ) but for real though , what 's wrong with you T ? Police wagon blow past the café . Randy duck on to she lap . titus take a sip from a empty cup . nanette . ( point at both guy . ) what be you do ? titus you want to know what 's go on ? well you will find out , do not worry you will definitely find out and it will be all too soon nanette ( lift Randy 's head up from she lap ) Boy what 's go on Randy what do you mean what be go on ? I do not know . you be not talk to I ask he . shit titus man do not start with I again . if it be not for you , we will not be in this mess in the first place . Randy dude I know you be not just say that to I for real . nanette be any one go to tell I what the hell be go on in here ? ( the boy be mute ) do lydia know anything about this ? or be she in the dark like I ? titus jump up . titus ( point to he watch ) oh crap , I almost forget it 's past time to pick she up . man I have to go . nanette no , no T , wait , let I close up and we will go with you . ai not that right baby . Randy give a thumb up . titus ( direct he comment to Randy ) I be sure you guy have better thing to do so that 's ok , I will be alright . I will talk to you guy later . nanette ( turn off the light in the café . ) and you , call girl petty ! come on guy get over it . you know you be gonna be talk to each other before long anyway so why do not you act as if it be now ? titus do not say a word instead he glance at Randy , smile and walk out the front door . nanette stand up and point Randy to the door . Randy what ? as Randy walk pass nanette she smack he in the back of the head , Randy turn nanette grab he by the ball , firmly at first then she softly caress they . Randy slam she into the wall and kiss she hard . cut to Pierre ( burst into the room ) hey Lloyd ! what you do here ? Lloyd well , well if it be not the pulitzer prize winner , Mr. günter . what 's the matter with you now ? Pierre none of you business Lloyd well pardon my intrusion in you exite life . oh by the way , this happen to be my room .. at least for a few more hour . Pierre ( feel apologetic ) I be sorry Lloyd , I lose it , it 's just that I have so much on my mind and I should not have do that Lloyd reach into the liquor cabinet under the study desk and pull out a bottle of chiva -regal . he ignore Pierre . Pierre in the mean time be scramble for he clothes , gather they in no particular manner . Lloyd sit on Pierre 's bed interrupt the latter from pack up he belonging . Lloyd so , what 's the big rush ? why the last ferry to Paris be leave the dock ? Pierre ( in a very aggressive manner ) you know what , I be not in the mood , ok . today just be not the day for this shit so why do not you just back up ? Lloyd how rude Mr. günter , I see you have be wallowing about with that hooligan friend of yours again . well I do hope that this be but a phase of rebellion in you ever so pathetic life . Pierre turn around point he finger at Lloyd , Lloyd stand up , grab Pierre by the hand and bite down on he finger . Pierre strike Lloyd on the head with he other hand . he 's in pain from he cut he hand start bleed again . Lloyd let go of Pierre 's finger and reach for Pierre 's poorly bandage hand . Lloyd twist Pierre 's arm backward cause he palm to face up . he notice the deep gash on Pierre 's palm . Lloyd bloody hell ! what on earth happen to you ? Pierre ( go limp ) let go off I now Lloyd there be absolutely no resistance from Pierre . Lloyd loosen he grip on Pierre and watch the latter walk off toward a mirror . Pierre rub he hand as he look through the mirror back at Lloyd . Lloyd what happen to you hand Pierre ? Pierre ( still look in the mirror and rub he palm ) nothing much , I get in a fight . Lloyd you , Mr. do right , get in a fight ? what or who on earth could have make you so upset as to get in a fight ? Pierre what do you care ? Lloyd ( gulp a chunk of ice from he glass of chiva regal ) well you be absolutely right I do not care about you well be however I find it most entertaining to find out whom you fight with . Pierre turn around and stare Lloyd in the eye the latter begin crush the ice with he tooth and stir he drink pause to look at Pierre . Lloyd ( hold glass up ) a toast . the tame have grow some fang . Pierre go fuck yourself man . Lloyd you have be hang around that illiterate have not you ? Pierre do not answer . the silent in the room be break when the siren sound off on campus . Pierre rush back to he bag , stuff the rest of he belonging in . he hurry 's for the door . Voice in the hallway fuck the police . Lloyd follow he around with he arm cross still hold he drink and without say a word , step in front of the door . Lloyd ok first I be kid but they . where be you go . be the police escort for you ? Pierre try to move Lloyd but the latter be stand he ground . Pierre swing he bag at Lloyd Pierre get the fuck out of the way damn it . taken by surprise , Lloyd spill he drink on himself . Lloyd have a burst upper lip . Lloyd drop he drink , and stumble for a couple of step . by the time he gather himself up , Pierre 's exite the room . Lloyd dash for the door after Pierre and run smack into the door . he pause for a second , pull he lower lip out and realize that he 's cut again . Lloyd ( hold he lip ) bloody hell . you be one dead chap . Lloyd turn the door handle he 's bulldoze by Pierre again . Lloyd 's on the ground again . Pierre go for the light switch , and turn off the light in the room . Lloyd get back up . a knock come on the door . Voice Mr. günter ? Mr. Pierre günter ? this be officer Bryant of the metro police ! I need to speak to you Mr. günter . Lloyd look at Pierre not know exactly what to expect from he . Pierre do not answer the door , Lloyd reach for the door knob . Pierre leap from he crouch position around the bed , step on the bed and stop Lloyd from open the door . Lloyd try to open the door . Lloyd ( whisper ) you have get something to say to I ? ( knock persist on door ) you better make it quick Officer Bryant Mr. günter ! Mr. günter , be everything ok ? Sir , I just need to ask you a few question about the morgue . Lloyd grab Pierre by the collar Lloyd ( whisper ) you be go to tell I what in bloody hell be go on or else I will turn you in . Pierre ( whisper ) there be absolutely nothing go on . now tell he I be not here and I will explain everything to you . Officer Bryant Sir , now , you be only want for question that 's it . Lloyd open the door as the officer be speak . the officer step back and reach for he side arm . stretch he free arm forward in caution toward Lloyd . Pierre in the mean time be behind the door , begging Lloyd not to say anything . Lloyd ( lick he own blood ) so what be you plan to do with that ? ( point at the billie club on the officer 's side ) you intent on use that ? Officer stand back sir . I be here for Mr. günter . what be you do here ? Lloyd ( still advance ) why do not you do I a favor and tell I what be go on . what happen at the morgue ? do you know who I be ? Officer ( back up to the wall ) Sir , this be police business . this have nothing to do with you so please back up . I be not go to say it again . the officer remove he club . Lloyd walk right up on he give he little room to maneuver . the officer brandish he club , Lloyd , who tower over the latter grab he wrist and pull it over the officer 's head . the officer reach for he whistle and start blow . soon , the entire floor be fill with officer . student fill the hallway . they be cheer and throw thing at the officer . Lloyd keep he distant demeanor . stamp ( only hear he voice ) everybody back in you room now .. now I say less you want to take a ride downs town student boo / asshole / you mother 's a bearded goat stamp walk through the crowd . stamp ah , if it be not british royalty at its best behavior ! listen here kiddo , how about let go my officer 's club ? Lloyd the name be Cambridge , Sir Lloyd Cambridge the iv , to the like of yourself . and since you ask so kindly , I guess I will oblige you . stamp listen here kid , where 's you buddy , Mr. .? what 's he name ? Officer günter stamp yeah the fat kid . Lloyd I do not associate myself with the like of that whom you have just describe . and if you be refer to my roommate , I have not see he today . now then if you and you less academically inclined fellow be do exhibit they testosterone overflow , I will return to my quarter now and ponder whether or not I would like to prosecute . stamp prosecute I ? for what ? what could you possibly have to prosecute the department on ? Lloyd you be the cop , figure it out . by the way do you have a warrant ? stamp ( walk off with Lloyd and grab he around he neck . insinuating to be friend ) listen kiddo I believe this royalty crap be go to you head but I would like to make you abundantly aware of the fact that I do not like you ass . and if you name be in anyway shape or form link to this murder , you better believe I , it will take more than the queen to get you ass out of jail . I have get you buddy 's print all over the place too . remember that . Lloyd ( speak through he tooth to muffle the pain in he voice ) well I be glad that we make we feeling about each other abundantly clear but I be afraid that ..how do you people say it ? oh yeah {in a american accent} ' you be bark up the wrong tree patna ' stamp look at Lloyd , smile and begin walk away . the officer part to let he through . he stop in he track , turn . stamp I have a feel that I will be see you sooner than you think . have a nice day kiddo . Lloyd watch as all the law enforcer walk away . cut to titus , Randy and nanette jump out of they car at the airport . sign above read : employee only . they walk across the street into the airport lounge area . titus look up onto the second level . ( the duty free shop and café ) . he wave up . lydia ( wave frantically ) hey guy ! what 's up ? common up here . nanette . ( rub she stomach ) throw I one of that chocolate bar you guy make or something , I be hungry and I can not climb the stair without some food . Randy . ( he lead off up the escalator ) com 'on we do not have time for all this chocolate talk . nanette and titus follow . nanette shake she head as she go up the escalator . the duty free café be close for a few hour . one of the employee be mop the floor . lydia 's clean out the counter . Randy jump over the chain link fence . guy mop hey chap , you can not do that Randy ( walk toward lydia ) do what ? at that very moment , nanette jump over the little fence . guy mopping ma'am ! ( titus follow nanette ) , Sir , you people can not do that ! Randy we just do so , whatcha go do ' bout it ? lydia leave he alone Randy , he 's only do he job nanette yeah back up sugar , pick on someone you own size . ( she 's laugh and point at titus ) Randy what ? pretty boy do not want none titus ( oblivious ) hey love ! how 's it go today ? lydia ( lean over the counter and form a fist at Randy ) oh my baby do not fall good . what 's the matter love ? the yaper 's get to you . Randy see , see that yeah that 's what I be talk about right there , you be equally full of shit . nanette a-n-y-w -a-y , baby you know you talk much shit . go on somewhere with all that stuff . Randy ( turn on the bar stool follow nanette ) who you talk too ? I see I be gonna have to handle you too ! ( he hoist he arm up ) lydia Boy ! you know you could not handle a door knob , so please and thank you Randy stand back and look at he friend the lady be laugh at he . titus be chuckle . lydia seriously guy , what 's the matter with my baby today ? nanette I do not know what 's the matter with either of they but they have be on edge all evening long . lydia ok , love you know I get worried when you act like this ! so , what on earth be go on ? nanette piss off . titus do not speak instead he turn to look at Randy leave the latter to explain the story . cut to the four student be in the car head back to the campus . Randy look , it be not like we want the shit to go down like that . Men I just have to have my main man 's back . that 's all ! I mean you all be look at we as if we do something so wrong . well this be just some shit that happen all the time . nanette ( lash out furiously ) what the hell be wrong with you ? ( she hit he ) why can not you act mature at least once in you life ? you be always shifting the blame on someone else , how about own up to the fact that you be just wrong . you be wrong Randy bannerman and you have jeopardize everyone around you . and please speak like you know how . Randy ( hold he palm up ) so I be to blame for this shit now ? ' Cause I decide to help a friend out , I be the bad guy . well I be sorry if my cadet training . the three other passenger all sigh in deject . lydia ( turn she head while drive ) here we go again with the cadet school stuff . dude you be in high school and besides , you cadet honor have nothing to do with duping a cab driver . so , will not you do we all a favor and drop the cadet thing . this have nothing to do with be a cadet this have to do with you be irresponsible . ( she turn to titus ) and you too . how could you I think you have a mind of you own ! titus never look back at she he remain stare out of the window . lydia you hear I talk , while you guy spend so much time make fun of Pierre günter you could learn from he . see instead of dodging officer he 's on he way home with that weirdo Lloyd , Lord , lard or what ever he name be . titus turn he head for the first time . he look at lydia as though she be insane . she turn around . lydia yes sir ? titus turn back to the window he begin to mumble under he breath . titus he 's go home ok ! if you be go to spend you evening bashing we about what happen then at least get you fact straight . lydia what be y-o - u talk about ? I have my fact straight . I know whom I see it be Pierre and that fag Lloyd . now where ever they go be none of my business . Randy you be damn right lydia ( look back through the rear view mirror ) like I say I see both of they in the airport and I see both of they get in Lloyd 's jet .( she pause a little ) as a matter of fact , I should have know when I see he all bruise up that he be involved in something with you guy . replay scene in black and white as Pierre try to avoid eye contact with lydia at the airport nanette I think that guy be gay ? Randy Pierre 's cool . shit you all talk so much crap man I do not know what you over there talk about Pierre be all bruise up and shit matter fact , pull up by the dorm let I go holler at french boy one time . lydia ignore he . he keep on insist . she eventually give in and pull over in front of the dorm . Randy jump out and head up the stair to the entrance of the dorm leaping over flight of stair at once . titus open the door and step out . lydia titus ! titus ! where you go baby ? titus ( mumble ) no where damn it . he pull out a cigarette she call on he through the passenger window . nanette he be really bugging out ! you better get you boy before he flip out . lydia walk out of the car after titus . she walk up behind he and hug he rest she head in he back . he lift he head blow out some smoke . lydia baby it will be ok . all we have to do be go to the police a explain what happen . they will understand . ok ? I know what you be dad be go to say about the whole thing but eventually he will understand that it be just a accident . this thing happen . what we have to focus on now be how to explain the whole thing . titus ( put out the cigarette clasp she hand ) you do not know what my dad will say . and on top of that you do not have to lose you scholarship and everything that Randy come out run yell something . nanette slouched in the back seat . she 's do she nail . she pries herself up on she elbow to see what the ruckus 's about . Randy run toward the car . nanette , return to she nail care . lydia and titus walk Randy . titus Men what ? Randy dude Pierre be go lydia and ? I tell you that . what 's you point ? Randy look , I be for real he 's go titus lydia tell we already Randy ( turn to lydia ) well do you know that he be want by the officer ? reaction : shock from everyone . cut to Lloyd ( show Pierre he room ) you be really go to like it here . Pierre ( look in amazement ) wow , thanks Lloyd . I still do not know why you do that for I Lloyd ? I know that I have not exactly be the best roommate to you Lloyd ( hold he hand over he lip ) not to worry sir I just believe that you do what you have to do . so without any further ado , change clothes and come with I . I will introduce you to the family Pierre ( still confuse ) like I say , I really do not understand why you be do this for I but , I thank you for what you do and for what you be still do . Lloyd well think of it this way , I be bored and I need some company and since you seem to show more fortitude in one night than I have ever see you show in a entire year , I deem it fit to be around you . plus I never like that constable stamp .. Pierre you mean Chief Inspector right ? Lloyd no , I mean constable and a foreign one add that . Pierre simply stand there look at Lloyd still amaze at the magnificence of the room . Lloyd the issue be not the fact that he be a foreigner . I obviously do not have a problem with they but he be a american . and that be different . you of all people know that I have absolutely no problem with foreigner . but ..( lick he split lower lip ) I owe you a rematch anyway . Lloyd walk over to the door , open it and signal Pierre to follow he . Pierre be disorient . Lloyd realize it . Lloyd we come in another way . Pierre only answer with a nod . he be captivate by the series of painting on the wall . both side of the corridor be adorn with portrait of gentleman and lady who appear to be Lloyd 's ancestor . Lloyd , stop and let he catch up with he . Lloyd it be the family and its long tradition . I be afraid that one day I will have to assume responsibility of the entire estate of the family . ah what a chore . nothing that you will ever have to worry about . Lloyd chuckle and turn back around to lead the way . in the distance at the end of the hallway be a portrait of one of Lloyd 's male ancestor . unlike the other portrait , this one have a menace stare and a aura permeate from he stature . Pierre that 's one mean look dude Lloyd that my dear be Baron Cambridge . right this way sir . Lloyd usher Pierre Pierre wow ! do this place ever end ? how much more ? he find himself at the top of a steep stairway adorn with expensive tapestry and golden ledge on either side , at the very bottom of the stair be two monstrous bronze feline each mount with two set of dragon head . Pierre stand at the top of the stair and marvel at the shear size of he surround . Lloyd dabbe he in the back urging he to progress down the stair . half way down the stair , Pierre turn around only to see Lloyd stand at the top , he arm open wide . Lloyd welcome to my humble abode . May this be a most memorable stay for you Mr. günter . cut to ; back on campus . titus be you serious ? Pierre could not Randy yup , I know it that guy be the real weirdo but no !!! ( in a feminine voice ) Randy just can not stand Pierre ' cause he 's sweet and have a real french accent . well fuck a damn accent , I be tell you he get that Nazi in he and you can not change that bottom line . now you can say all you want about I but you all nanette shut up baby , you be full of it and you know it too . you know that be not like he . Randy ( mumble ) I do not know shit nanette ( roll she eye and raise she voice ) .so do not even start with you Nazi shit talk . lydia maybe that 's why he be with Lloyd titus why ? lydia well because they be together and unless Pierre be gay , I find no reason for they be together titus what . so if two guy be together it mean they gay ? Randy ( mumble ) I be not gay man nanette shut up baby Randy ( mumble ) matter of fact I like all the puss I can get . nanette ( stress ) please shut up Randy ( mumble ) Big puss , small puss , tight puss , loose puss , black puss , white puss , hairy puss , shave puss , prissy puss , stank puss , nasty puss , virgin puss , etc . lydia ( while Randy be mumble ) no Love , I be not just say that because they be together , I know this for a fact . Lloyd be gay . titus how do you know this for a fact ? I mean what do you mean by for a fact ? what you try to throw it at he and he say no ? I mean what ? lydia ok enough of this , you be not go to keep talk to I like this you understand . titus try to interrupt she but he be meet with strong rebuff . lydia understand ? now , I do not try ( wave she hand in a exaggerated manner ) to date Lloyd . she , ( point at nanette ) date he for a while . and she tell I that he be gay . happy now ? Randy stop mumble , turn to face nanette . Randy what the fuck be she talk about ? nanette it be a long time ago , and like she say nothing ever happen . the guy be gay Randy be not amused by the whole thing . Randy when do this happen ? nanette what difference do it make ? we be together Randy together yeah , right , like I say when do this happen ? nanette and then what ? Randy ( raise he voice as he speak ) and then I will fuck decide . now I ask when do this happen . this be not fuck twenty question I ask a simple question and I want a simple answer so be you go to answer yes or no ? nanette ( become defensive ) yeah we date for a while but he be into play crazy stuff and he be only interested in one form of sex . Randy you get ream , what 's you problem ? that should be right up you alley literally . well , well what do you know after all this flack I have be get about look at chick and stuff like that not know all this time I be the good guy . well how about that ? lydia come on Randy cut it out . its not what you think . Randy you know what I be about sick of you . its never what I think and I be forever jealous of some shit . well fuck every body titus ( shaking he head ) wow , wow easy now my man Randy man do not even try that cause you know I would not come at you chick like that if she have not come at I wrong first . titus ( nodd he head in approval ) I tell you to stay out of this whole thing do not I ? Randy you know what I be not even go to worry about you I do not really care for Pierre but one thing I can say about he be that he 's never lie to I . come on titus . we need to find out what 's go on with Pierre . he might be in trouble . the four friend get back in the car titus drive , Randy be in the passenger seat look out the window . in the back seat be the two girl . nanette be look out the window cry lydia stretch over to comfort she friend but the latter shrugge she shoulder away from she friend . lydia " I be sorry ' nette I do not mean to . " nanette " just leave I alone , please " lydia " I be so sorry " cut to enter : aristide & Lady van-hess the room be comfortably light there be three massive chandelier one center piece and two smaller chandelier on either side of the center piece . in the background vivaldi 's ' the four season ' be play . utter silence at the table . Pierre stretch over and see he reflection though the shine of the cherry maple table . Pierre pick up he silverware and notice a engrave in gold at the bottom of the sterling silver fork . the letter read ccy . right then , the double door of the dining room fly open . in come a tall and lanky frame bald gentleman push a passenger in a wheelchair . the squeaking sound of the wheel chair echoe painfully in the otherwise empty room . closely follow the uneven sound of footstep . Pierre look at the approach figure completely unaware of whom they might be . the two character appear , they suddenly stop . the wheel chair stop just shy of the light cast by the chandelier . you can see the frail hand clad with enormous diamond ring on each ring finger . the hand lay flat atop a quilt that cover the lower and mid section of the person in the seat . the gentleman push the wheelchair seem more like a extension of the chair than a human be . he stand there lifeless emit a cold aura . heavy breathe come from the character in the wheelchair . Lloyd ah , how rude of mine . Mr. günter , meet Lady van-hess . my mother . Pierre ( shoot out of he seat ) I be sorry , I do not mean to be ill-mannered mar 'am , I honore to meet you . Pierre pace himself toward the lady in the wheelchair extend he arm to greet she . out of the dark lunge a long arm with tentacle like finger . the tentacles wrap around Pierre 's wrist . he try to break lose from the firm grip to no avail . the shadowy character be breathe heavily . Lloyd ( realize what 's happen ) easy , easy everyone . my apology , I should have inform you . this be aristide meyer , the family 's trusty confidant . see , Mr. aristide have be with the family for as long as I can remember . as you have notice by now , he be very protective of the family . he only think that you be somewhat aggress my mother . Pierre really ? I wonder why give the fact that I be only be polite and he be the assailant ! ( Pierre be rub he bruise wrist never once take he stare away from the dark figure ) Lloyd really , Pierre , aristide mean you absolutely no harm . if he do you would have no disillusion about it . Pierre ( show sign of intimidation ) well I still have not hear a apology from he ! Lloyd well save yourself the anticipation for you will never hear any such thing come out of he . actually you will not hear anything from aristide .( Pierre direct a question and angere glance at Lloyd ) . you see my dear , aristide lose he tongue . Pierre what do you mean lose he tongue , you do not just lose a tongue , so what happen ? Lloyd since you insist and since I hear no opposition from aristide , I will tell you . he cut off he own tongue during a robbery in order not to reveal the location of the family jewel . Pierre stand still floor in amazement at the devotion of the figure behind the wheel chair . all this while , Lady van-hess be still slump in she seat oblivious to the entire ruckus go on around she . Lloyd tap Pierre on the shoulder and lead the latter out of the room . the two walk down another hallway and out into a maze . the air be heavy , the fog 's set low . he watch Lloyd walk ahead of he with he arm behind he back . Lloyd well Pierre my good man , what do you think ? Pierre what ? Lloyd I say , what do you think of I and my milieu ? obliviously you have some question on you mind , so , I would like to answer they the best I can . Pierre for starter , you could tell I why you bring I here ? why do you tell stamper that I be not in the room ? Lloyd because you tell I to Pierre I never say a word Lloyd oh you do sir .. you specifically signal I not to say a word and I oblige . be you deny that now ? if you be accuse I of lie to the police then I be guilty but if you be for one minute insinuate that you never advise I to tell the officer what I tell they then my good friend I believe that you be go to cause I to be extremely vex and I do not think that it would be in any of we ' best interest to see I vex . Lloyd backtrack he step to Pierre and stare down at he . Pierre , take a step back and start head toward he room . as he look up he notice a figure in the window of he bedroom but as quickly as he see the body , the latter disappear . Pierre ( turn to Lloyd ) do you see that ? Lloyd be no longer stand in the vicinity . Pierre 's baffle he call out for Lloyd to no avail . sound from deeper in the maze . it almost sound like the sound of a infant cry . Pierre turn with he back to the manor look at the entrance of the maze the sound of the infant be draw closer and closer . Pierre feel a presence over he shoulder . he spin around in panic . no one be there . he turn back toward the maze the sound have stop . Pierre 's confuse . he begin double step back to the manor . he hear the sound of dog run out of the maze toward he . Pierre hasten he pace , change into full stride . the dog sound closer . Pierre see the dimly light stair lead to the manor in the near distance . just as he take another step , he 's almost knock off balance . he narrowly escape a bite from one of the dog . Pierre regroup himself , the stair be at hand . he leap over as many of they as he can at once . finally the top of the stair . Pierre run right into the massive door they seem lock . the dog be almost upon he but the wet marble step cause the dog to slip and fall buy Pierre just enough time to try the door again . Pierre ( bang on door ) open this fuck door now . open the damn door . the door give . Pierre fall into the foyer . he kick the door shut . everyone 's stand over he look down at he . above he , stand Lloyd , aristide and in the wheel chair Lady van-hess . Pierre 's look at they upside down . he scramble back to the door wedge he back against the wall . Pierre look at the three people stand before he . Pierre what the hell be go on here ? no answer Pierre where do you go ? Lloyd who ? Pierre what the hell do you mean who ? you , damn it . what the fuck happen back there ? Lloyd what ? Pierre the dog , the fuck dog ? Lloyd ( reach out to Pierre who back away ) I think you need to rest Pierre you be not feel well . you be delirious . come on let 's get you to you room , you need to rest . it 's be a long couple of day . Pierre what be you fuck talk about ? can not you hear the dog ? Lloyd ( raise he voice ) I be try to help you hear but you be not give I much to work with . what be you talk about ? there be no dog on the grounds . Pierre can not you fuck hear Lloyd ( interrupt ) hear what ? there be nothing to hear why do not you listen for a while , you be the only one cause the commotion . Pierre decide to quiet down . there 's no noise outside . Pierre be confuse . Lloyd walk past he and open the door . Pierre ( scramble to he foot ) do not ! do not open that door , there be dog out there ? Lloyd do just that and to Pierre 's surprise , the only sound outside be that of the strong wind crash against the manor and cause the old abode to rattle . Lloyd ( stretch he hand at Pierre ) please , come , come see for yourself . Pierre stretch he hand back at Lloyd who pull he up to he foot . Pierre look out of the door where he be meet with a heavy mist . Pierre I be tell you . I be not crazy .. I know to he surprise , there be nothing before he . there be nothing in the distance either . he take a shaky step forward look out toward the entrance of the maze . where do the dog go ? he look down toward the maze as if expect something to come out toward he . Pierre snap out of he trance when Lloyd put a hand on he shoulder . he turn and look at Lloyd . Lloyd 's lip be move but Pierre hear absolutely nothing . Pierre it bit I ! ( he bend over reach for he pants leg ) see , see how do this happen ? I tell you there be dog , if not how do this happen ? where do the mark come from ? as Pierre be plead he case , aristide push the wheelchair outside Pierre become erratic in he behavior . he begin laugh and point at he pants he 's baking up toward the stair . Lloyd approach he slowly say nothing . Pierre warn Lloyd not to take another step . Lloyd keep approach suddenly , Lloyd stoops . this brisk motion cause Pierre to take rapid step back . as Lloyd stand up , he brandish something toward Pierre . Pierre jerk back , stumble backward on the step . the last thing Pierre see before he pass out be Lloyd hold a twig with a piece of cloth attach to it . it 's the miss part of Pierre 's pants . Pierre pass out soon after . cut to Randy 's on the phone . lydia and titus be in the distance pace around . nanette 's on the other side of the street stand alone . Randy 's off the phone and run toward the couple . Randy stamper have agree to meet we on the football field in a hour . he promise he will be alone . titus and you trust he to show up alone , right ? Randy I never say I do but suddenly I could not care less what happen to I . all I know be I have a true friend miss and I be go to do all I can to try to find he before anything bad happen lydia that be if nothing have happen yet Randy nothing , have happen yet . so you want to stand here and deliberate on what to do or you want to come on ? if you do not come I will understand . obviously you be all to important to be bother with a guy like Pierre . lydia ( piss ) hey that 's enough , that be just mean . you think you can be mean to a guy all year long and suddenly because you feeling be hurt and because you feel you can not trust anyone around you , you become he best friend . well news flash Mr. , that 's not quite how it work so if you think trash the three of we be go to make you feel better , think again . the fact be you need we as much as we need you to find Pierre . so , either we work together as a team or we go we separate way and I guarantee you that if we do go we separate way , we ruin a better chance at not find Pierre . that way , everybody lose . and I guess you can stay on you hate crusade forever . the four just stand around titus and lydia together , nannette by herself by the car , and Randy sit on the floor of the phone booth . titus ( walk toward Randy ) look , there 's no point in fight right now , you be both right , let 's just get go for now . cut to : the soccer field the kid arrive , they walk onto the field , its pitch dark . lydia be hold on to titus as tightly as she can . Randy be walk ahead of the pack forging through the mist that have drop to about ten foot above they head . nanette be closely follow he never actually touch he . suddenly a loud sound of metal churn erupt from the bleacher to the right . everyone stop dead in they track and turn to face the origin of the sound . Randy who 's there ? no answer Randy I say who 's there ? they begin walk toward the bleacher Randy in front , closely follow by nannette , lydia and titus at the rear . titus shit man I can not see damn thing ! Randy shuut lydia hold I close titus reach for she ass . she give he a look . titus what ? the closer they get , the more distinctly appear the staircase to the bleacher . they hear a constant grind in the distance . Randy stamper ? stamper ? be that you out there ? titus this be not funny man ? if you be try to scare we , it 's work . now can you cut it out we think we know what happen a friend of ours be miss . Randy yeah Pierre . you know the news kid ! they approach the stair and the sound get louder and louder . a cat jump off the bleacher onto Randy . Randy fall back onto nannette . she throw he off herself and take off run . everyone be yell . Randy ( gather himself ) it 's cool , it 's cool , it be a cat ? be you sure it be a cat lydia ( frantic and still alarmed ) what the hell do you mean it be a cat ? be you sure it be a cat ? Randy yeah , look , I say it be a fuck cat ok ! now everyone just fuck chill , we be act like a bunch of freaking kid man . fuck . nannette Randy Randy I say it be a cat ok nannette Randy Randy what ?? nannette you be bleed from you be head . Randy sit back and rub he palm against he head he realize that he have a small gash on he forehead . all four of they be sit on the floor try to gather they thought . titus be lie flat on he back with he hand under he head . he start laugh uncontrollably . lydia be on she knee not too far from he . lydia be you laugh ? be he laugh Randy take of he shirt and start nursing he wound . nannette ( still in shock ) what the hell be you laugh at dude ? titus ( still laugh ) you should have see the expression on you face as you try to move Randy from on top of you . man that be some funny shit . I mean I think she be go to lift you right off herself man nannette fuck you man that 's not funny dude plus it be not quite like you be stand strong mr .. titus ( still laugh ) man I never think I would see that . she straight pick you up and shit . man that be some funny shit for real ! Randy hold he hand over he head begin laugh slowly . then he burst into a equally loud laugh . lydia look at titus then at Randy and finally at nannette , she join in the laughter . very soon all four of they be laugh titus keep on laugh roll side to side clasp he stomach . he roll right , roll leave , roll right again and there crouch over he be noran stamp . titus oh fuck stamp have a good time here ? lydia let 's out a high pitch yell . titus roll back and sprawl to he hand and foot back up from stamp . titus I do not hear you stamp kinda like how the cabby do not hear he murderer either hun ? Randy what ? you think we whacked the cabby ? what be you say man ? stamp Chief inspector ! Randy what ? stamp Chief inspector , that 's what you call I . Chief inspector . not man . titus so why do you think we want too meet with you if indeed we do it ? stamp the fact that you want to meet do not really mean anything . actually the fact that you be do hide behind you dad might help we shed some light on the situation . titus ( furious ) you have get something to say to I you better say it loud and clear ! stamp easy young man , I do not take kindly to threat . my advice to you be that you would better take some of that hostility out of you voice before I begin to take offense to you idle threat . titus idle ? threat ? what the fuck be he talk about ? Randy easy everyone , let 's take it easy remember we be try to find out about Pierre . so let 's all keep a cool head ok ? stamp look at the group then turn to Randy . stamp so , what do you guy know about the night the cab driver die ? Randy look at titus and then at the girl and begin to tell the story to stamp . cut to the four friend be on they way to the police precinct with the chief inspector . titus ( whisper to Randy ) I do not know about this man stamp ( look in the rear view ) easy kid , I be just try to get this deposition on paper . you know , for the record . so , do not go wetting you pants , you be not under arrest ok ? titus who 's he man Randy it 's cool dude . we be straight . just chill man . plus this set we straight with you old dude ? titus oh shit stamp easy on the vocab back there titus Men , today be the gala . my peop be go to be look for we man . Randy hey , chef , how long be this whole thing go to take ? stamp as soon as you put the whole thing in write , you can go . by the way , its hey , chief . get that ? Randy what ever you say chef ! they arrive at the precinct , stand on the other side of the counter be officer Bryant the rookie from the night club . he recognize titus . Officer Bryant ( to other officer ) there he go , the one on the leave . other officer you sure ? Bryant just look at he . other officer ok , what do you want to do ? Officer Bryant I think it 's time for some payback titus ( whisper ) yo , I think dude make I Randy ( normal tone ) who titus shuu the cop ! the club ? Randy oh yeah .for real ? you sure ? titus look for yourself ? Randy ( look over ) ah man this be not good man dude ! Officer Bryant wave at they . Randy man he 's wave at you dude ? titus Hell no he be not Randy Men that 's you boy , wave at he man . titus wave back . lydia you know he babe titus yeah . I guess . Officer ( walk over to stamp ) Chief , we have be try to get in contact with you ? stamp ( check he radio , its off ) crap . ok what do you have for I ? Officer its confirm he leave for the main land with the rich kid stamp I know that much ! Officer well get this , the print from the lab match that of the Lloyd kid ? stamp what ? Officer now I check the register for the week and he be schedule to work in the lab that day ? titus ( interrupt ) no he be not , he be schedule for that night but he say he be not feel well so he work the night before . stamp and how do you know this ? Randy his dad 's be the head honcho remember ? stamp ( walk away ) get main land on the radio . tell they we be on we way . Randy com 'on guy let 's go stamp go where ? oh no , you have get some paper work to do ? once you be do , it 's time to go home . Randy hey wait a minute , we be in on this one .. titus without we you would have no idea be to start stamp hey , enough of this , like I say , you have get some paperwork to do . now once you be do with that , we have to get you parent in here to pick you up . and that 's that ? titus ( as stamp walk off ) hey , hey .. I be talk to you damn it . we be not no kid stamp never turn . instead he walk out of the small precinct and head for the await squad car . cut to : the von-aldershmitt residence dr.v ( put on a tie face the mirror ) where in goodness ' name be that boy ? mrs.v ( jockey for position before the mirror ) do you think my outfit be too risqué ? dr.v what ? mrs.v I say do you think my outfit be too risqué ? dr.v what do it matter , you be go to wear it anyway . Mrs. V do that mean you do not like it ? no answer : the phone 's ringing in they do not answer . cut to : titus on the phone in the precinct . titus no one 's answer ! lydia they must be go . you already know you mom , she would not be late for a gala even if it mean give up she leg . Randy ( laugh ) yeah man you know that 's for real . titus get ready to start dial a second time . Officer hey what ' you think you be do ? titus use the phone what ' you think ? Officer ( walk over ) listen here kid , you get one call and that 's it . get it ? titus ( start to dial ) what ? Officer ( slap phone out of he hand ) wait a minute , what do we have here ? titus ( push officer ) hey what the hell 's wrong with you ? Officer ( raise billie club ) you stupid son of a bitch Randy ( grab officer ) hey , easy there ? what 's go on here ? Officer get you hand off I now . Randy ( let 's go . raise he hand up ) cool dude . all I be say be there 's no need for all this . my man be just try to use the phone that 's it . Officer ( point at sign ) and I say you get one call . he 's use up he one call Randy what ? he never speak to anyone . titus hey officer jackass . can you read ? the sign say " the detain get one call " Officer and Randy ( laugh ) and ! we be not behind bar man . so we get to use the phone as much as we want . Officer who say you be not be detain ? the officer turn and signal officer Bryant from behind the counter . Officer last time I check , you guy be want . matter of fact what be you do in here ? just hang out ? lydia ( come from the side ) we come with the chief Officer Bryant ( push she back ) shut up sweet heart , no one 's talk to you titus ( walk up on Bryant ) what the hell do you think you be do ? Bryant do you just threaten I ? titus what ? Bryant I say , do you just threaten I ? hey fellow ( turn back to the other officer ) . we have get one of that " fuck the police guy " the other officer start to converge on titus and lydia . Randy walk in between Bryant and titus . Randy ( whisper to Bryant ) ok , ok , I know what this be all about man . let 's just forget about the whole thing ok ! Bryant ( step back ) hey guy and this one 's try to bribe he way out of here . Randy what ? bitch you crazy man . I just say . Officer ( whacks randy in the rib ) watch you language nannette ( out of she seat ) hey what fuck you do that for Officer alright , I have have enough of this all of you behind bar . now titus behind bar ? for what ? Officer for what ? for what ? where do you want I to start . let 's see how about , disturbing the peace Randy what peace ? Officer ( turn to Randy ) bribe a officer . Randy you have get to be joke man titus this fool can not do a thing dude , they be just try to shake we . that 's it Officer ( walk behind titus ) how about , assault a officer ? titus hey .. Officer Bryant punch he . Randy step up to help he friend . the other officer join in and drag the boy down stair . they be throw in a cell . Randy ( behind bar ) hey you know it do not have to go down like this ! guy , guy , come back here you fuck titus ( sit on the floor ) I know it man , I fuck new it . hey ( yell ) let we out of here no answer . titus alright , randy , any more bright idea ? randy do not answer . titus let 's just meet with the chief inspector , nothing will happen ! Randy shut the fuck up dude , the only reason we be behind bar be because that rookie point you out so do not give I any of that it 's you fault shit and beside I be sick of you mouth . I be not you bitch so if you be gonna do something quit talk and just bring it ? Randy do not fuck start with I , I truly be not get time for this ! titus alright badass what 's up with the tough shit talk ? you seem to forget that we be here be because the cabby be dead and you seem to forget that the cabby would not have be dead if we would pay he . you get my drift ? so before you go off accuse people , check yourself out . Officer Bryant so do not feel so tough anymore hun ? you like to go around busting up officer hun ? well you have get all night to think it over . you and I be go to have a lot of time to get a handicapped rematch in a little while titus ( realize who 's talk ) you sound all big and bad now , do not sound so tough last night . by the way how be you rib ? Officer Bryant ( now stand right in front of the bar ) still bruise but I will live titus ( grab at the bar ) yeah , well that 's good ' cause I hold back when I hear you squeal Randy break out laugh . Officer Bryant walk toward he . right then , titus begin laugh as well . Bryant turn to look in he direction . he become furious . in a flash , he swing he club at titus ' hand . the blow be so violent that it send titus crumble to he foot in a shatter yell . Randy hey ! what the fuck .. Officer Bryant blow the whistle on he neck and before long , the rest of the precinct be in the small cell area . Officer # 1 what the hell be go on in here ? Officer Bryant I come to check on they , and before I know it , he be try to choke I through the bar . Randy he 's a fuck liar man ! he just come here and start fuck with T .. Officer Bryant that 's a lie he try to help too Officer # 2 I say we teach they a lesson Officer Bryant sound like a plan to I , what do you say guy ? the officer begin converge on the cell Randy step back and flip one of the mattress over he friend and himself . a wave of blue suite swarm the little cell they be temporarily slowed down as Randy wildly swing he belt at they buckle lead on . Randy com 'on motherfucker , its you and I . I be swinging at y'all and I be ' bout to fuck somebody up . come on , come on this only ward off the mob for a short while very soon , they begin approach he from the week side . titus ( get back up on he foot ) Randy look out behind you he turn around just in time to duck the down swing of the assail officer . scoops up and under , lead with he leave foot and send a devastating right hook that floor the cop . unfortunately , that be not enough to stop the on come mob . very soon Randy disappear under the pressure of the mob . titus try to put up some resistance but its in vain . Officer ( come from upstairs ) stamp 's back ! stamp 's in the parking lot the officer straighten up and drag the boy back upstairs . the girl be in shock look at they batter and bruise boyfriend . lydia ( catch titus ) what do you do to he ? no answer . stamp walk in . stamp ( look at the boy ) what happen here ? no answer . the mob of officer simply go back to what they be do as if nothing happen . cut to Pierre ( abruptly waking up ) what ? it bit m . Pierre look around he and realize that he 's back in the guest room . he try to stand up , he clutches he head . its wrap in bandage . he touch the back of he head . that 's where the pain be from . Pierre what the hell happen ? there 's a mirror straight ahead . Pierre try to rise to he foot and make it to the mirror . he almost fall . his leave foot seem unable to support he . he look down and realize that he foot be bandage as well . Pierre my foot . the dog .no it be a stick , Lloyd be try to show it to he when I fall ..no it be the dog . I know for sure . the maze . he limp across the room grab he jacket , he look under the bed for he shoe . they be not there . he then decide to look in the closet and there , as he expect , be he shoe . he slip on the right shoe , then try the leave shoe on . it do not fit . as he sit on the bed and start take the bandage off , he hear in the distance step come up the stair . Pierre begin to rush he do not want whoever be come up the stair to meet he in the room . Pierre be pull off the bandage , he pull too hard and cause he injury to reopen . Pierre shit , that hurt he grab he ankle for a little while and then stop take off the remain bandage and force he shoe on . he 's grimace . he be hurt . the step be draw closer and Pierre look at the window . he limp over , open the window , there be shrub that have escalate the length of the wall . it 's night time and Pierre feel that he can make a go for it . he lean over the balcony railing , he 's lead he climb down with he right foot try he best to put the least pressure on he injure foot . very soon , he whole body be over the railing . he start to climb down , lean he entire weight on he right foot then , he extend he leave foot , Pierre try to put the least pressure on he injure leg . he start apply little pressure at first and as he increase the amount of pressure he leave foot begin to shake uncontrollably . Pierre steady himself he appear to achieve he goal . Pierre look down and realize that he be half way down the wall . he look up . he reach over he forehead with he arm to wipe the sweat of he face and at that moment , he feel a grasp . Pierre look up and it be the long tentacle like arm of aristide try to pull he up . Pierre ( almost lose he balance ) ah ! let go off I .. Pierre try to fight aristide off but the latter have a firm grip on Pierre 's jacket . Pierre begin to gyrate violently , the whole structure be shaking Pierre let go mother fucker Lloyd ( lean over the railing ) give I you hand ! what do you think you be do ? Pierre fuck you , and fuck he too , let go off I you weird fuck aristide be still pull on the jacket he face , however , remain expressionless . suddenly , the sleeve of the jacket begin to rip and Pierre find himself fall backward to the ground . aristide be still hold on to the sleeve look down at Pierre , still expressionless . Pierre fall about ten foot knock the wind out off he . he lie on the ground immobile . Lloyd slap aristide on the shoulder , signal he to come on . as the two body retreat from the balcony , aristide still hold the sleeve in he hand , Pierre quickly jump to he foot as if he would never fall at all . he 's try to make it to the gate in the near distance . he can see truck drive by . they all seem to slow down as they reach the sharp curve in front of the property . Pierre pick up the pace of he limping run . he be almost at the gate Lloyd walk out hastily into the courtyard . he look leave and right , then spot Pierre at the gate . Lloyd start run full speed try to get to Pierre before he shut the gate behind himself . Lloyd ( swinging he arm haphazardly ) Pierre , günter , stop , Pierre günter stop now , what do you think you be do ? Pierre do not respond . he busy some time by shutting the massive gate behind himself . he push the gate but it 's heavier than he think . now he see aristide come up behind Lloyd . he seem to be run in slow motion . aristide 's giraffe like motion make he look like he be move ever so slowly but he be actually gain ground on Lloyd . Pierre 's in the distance still push the massive gate . the gate be almost shut behind he . he see light in the distance , they draw closer . it 's a truck . Pierre ( run into the street ) hey , stop please stop he wave the truck down , the driver seem to be oblivious to Pierre . Driver ( in truck , barely miss Pierre ) what the hell . he swerve around Pierre . Lloyd be at the gate he be try to open up the massive gate . Pierre watch as the truck blow past he and screech to a halt . there 's a sharp bend ahead and the driver who almost lose control of he vehicle have to stop the truck to prevent it from fly off road . Pierre look back at the gate . he backtrack to the gate run pass Lloyd and aristide . he 's run toward the truck . Lloyd be still unable to open the massive gate fast enough . aristide with one arm begin pull the massive gate open as though it be a mere wooden door . Pierre 's closer to the truck . the truck engine begin to turn once more . the truck roll back a little . the brake light come on . the front driver side wheel be stick in mud . the wheel spin . the truck be still stick . the engine revs as the wheel spin once more . this time , the tire be dislodge . the truck start move forward . Pierre set he gaze on the truck , in the distance , aristide and Lloyd 's press on to open the gate . the truck begin to make it out of the tight corner . it will take the big rig a little caution before it make it out of the curve . a few second later , the rig pick up enough momentum to be back at full stride again . Pierre 's gain ground on the big rig and the latter be beginning to gain momentum . at the same moment , aristide pull the huge gate open . he appear to be exhaust from he effort but Lloyd be not . he give chase . Pierre keep on run at full stride into the back of the truck . his body slam against the cargo door of the truck he feel the truck jolt forward . there 's no time Lloyd be close in faster than the rig be climb the hill . Lloyd ( run ) where do you think you be go ? Pierre prepare to up . he pace he step and lunge forward grab on to the chain latch on the rear gate of the rig . he hoist himself up onto the little ledge . Lloyd 's right upon the truck . he try to reach for Pierre 's injure foot but barely miss he . this cause Lloyd to loose he balance and tumble forward onto the ground . Pierre ( latch on to the truck ) what the hell do you want from I ? no answer . aristide catch up with Lloyd to help he back up to he foot . Lloyd want no help . the two man stand watch as the truck head down hill . Pierre look back at the two man . the rig be now in full stride . as Lloyd gather himself back up to he foot , he watch as the light of the rig fade away . Lloyd ( walk back toward the manor ) get the car aristide but sire ? Lloyd do not worry , he 's go no where . inform the other , everything be still as plan . aristide yes sir . cut to : the precinct stamp what the fuck happen here ? no one answer . he turn to the girl . they look back at he and then without actually say a word , direct they glance at officer Bryant . stamp ( walk up on Bryant ) what happen ? before he can respond , titus speak up barely able to stand on he own foot . titus nothing happen man ! just a little fight between my man here and I . stamp ( still look directly at the rookie ) what do I look like ? you want to tell I you do that to each other ? you can barely stand on you own two and you want to tell I that you beat the crap out of each other ? titus that 's what I fuck say ok ! that 's what happen . we fight ! now , what be you go to do about it ? stamp obviously , you have not lose you tongue . good for you , you be go to need it . titus look at Bryant and smile . titus I will see you soon ! Bryant ( walk up to titus ) be that a threat ? because it sound like one to I . they all walk out into the parking lot . stamp approach the group , they walk away from he instead . stamp surely you do not think that I be behind this now do you ? lydia where the fuck be you hu ? stamp ( as titus try to hold lydia back ) hey you know what ? you stupid ass be really start to get on my fuck nerve here . I have the mayor on my ass ask I for answer on two murder in a span of 24 hour and all you fuck have to tell I be I get that officer to rough you up ! titus try to get a word in to no avail stamp do you have any idea when the last murder be commit in this town ? do you have any fuck idea ? no none of you have a fuck idea what 's go on here . so shut the fuck up . on top of that I have a miss or possibly kidnap student . now do have something to share with I or not ? the crew stop to deliberate , Pierre be still they primary focus . titus we be go to hit the main land and get Pierre . stamp that sound like a great plan and everything but how do you hope to do that ? lydia ( look at titus in question of he decision ) yeah how exactly be we go to get Pierre ? stamp well the police ferry be depart in half and hour for the mainland ! nannette and ? titus and we be catch it with them nannette wait a minute !! what the hell be wrong with you ? you think you can throw you wait around and just decide whatever you want for the whole lot of we ? after a lot more argue among each other , the crew decide to join stamp and a few of the other offer with he and head out to the mainland . they all get on the ferry and head out to the mainland . Act III cut to : mainland Cambridge manor stamp and co . touch down at Lloyd 's manor . Police car drive into the compound . siren be blaring and light . stamp ( knock ) Police , open up . the curtain of one of the window slightly open up . aristide be look back at the group of people at the door step . he draw the curtain shut . the door open aristide good evening stamp we be look for two young man . Lloyd Cambridge and Pierre günter . aristide ( stand in the door way ) I be afraid I do not know whom you be refer to . stamp you do not know whom I be refer to ? aristide no , I do know master Cambridge . this be , after all , the Cambridge residence . whom I be unaware of be the other gentleman you mention . stamp günter ? aristide right , gunter stamp ( show a picture ) actually its günter , not gunter . anyhow , you say you do not know he aristide ( look at stamp instead of the picture ) no sir , I be afraid I can not recall that face . stamp can we speak to Lloyd ? aristide ( begin close the door ) master Cambridge be not able to attend to you right now . he be a little under the weather . be there anything further ? cut to the kid be stand in the distance watch the whole thing unfold . Randy be walk toward the maze . the ground be disturb . lydia ( look at aristide ) that 's he . that 's the guy from the airport ' nannette what ? lydia ( point at aristide ) the guy with Pierre and Lloyd at the airport , that 's he right there titus be you sure ? lydia ( walk off toward stamp ) yes .that 's the guy . titus ( to lydia ) wait up .. Randy com 'on man . Randy ( back tracking ) yeah .. come up . cut to stamp ( push the door ) just a minute there , this be police business .. aristide ( open the door and stand in the way ) yes , but of course and I be certain that once you have a warrant to search the premise , you will be in the position to summon master Cambridge from he ill bed . until then , gentleman , please clear the premise and have a good night . stamp ( reach for he radio ) alright boy let 's clear this place . move out . lydia ( run up ) that 's the guy , that 's the guy . do not let he go a officer stop she . lydia let I go you asshole . that 's the guy from the airport . stamp ( walk toward the officer and lydia ) what the hell be go on now ? Officer ( restrain lydia ) she 's go on about the butler nannette ( run up and shove the officer ) the guy she see at the airport stamp hey cut it out officer , let she go . lydia I see he at the airport with Pierre and Lloyd . stamp he say he 's never see Pierre günter . titus and you believe he ? stamp no but we do not have a search warrant so , until we get one , we cannot search the premise lydia so that 's it , Pierre 's in there and no one know what 's go on in there . stamp ( radio come on ) well there 's not much we can do about that . titus what ? Randy ( walk up on the discussion ) what 's go on ? stamp walk off to take the call . titus can you believe this , lydia see that guy at the airport with Pierre and Lloyd but we can not search the fuck premise Randy how much you willing to bet that Pierre 's not here . titus and the girl just look at he . Randy do you see that tire track when we come in ? well , get this , I see some foot print by the maze back there ? titus what 's you point ? Randy there be two set of print ! stamp ( walk back toward the kid ) let 's get out of here someone have a possible id on you friend downtown . around some club . the police car clear out of the property just as they come in . a huge fanfare of noise and light . as they drive off , there 's a dark shadow behind the study door , look out of the window . its not aristide . stamp look out of he side view mirror and spot the figure . aristide walk into the library . he walk over to the cabinet and fix himself a drink . there 's someone in the room . he can tell for there 's a wheeze sound behind the door . aristide ( look through the smoke mirror on the wall ) they be go but I must reach the other before they uncover we . Lady van-ess come out of the dark and nod she head . cut to : on the road Officer Bryant be riding with titus and stamp . Randy be riding with the girl . he have not say much since they get out of the precinct . lydia speak to he but he do not seem to understand a word of what she 's say . he keep go back to the scene at the manor and picture aristide . a sudden jolt from a bump in the road and Randy snap back to reality . Randy hun , lydia what ? Randy I though you say something ! lydia do not answer , she just shake she head no . they be close in on the city . the traffic begin to stagnate . they be on the bridge . Cars pass they fill with young people . they be drunk and loud . once they cross the bridge , they realize that it be go to be virtually impossible to make it to the other end of the boulevard . there be a club on the corner and there be a massive crowd in front of the club . the noise level be off the chart . traffic be go in all direction . the officer turn on they siren . the crowd be oblivious to the siren . after stalling for what seem like a eternity , Randy step out of the second car . Officer hey get back here ! where be you go ? hey ! hey ! Randy just keep walk away . he 's try to make it to the club across the street . it 's club decadance aka " double D " , the single large club in town , the place be pack with celebrity . someone bump into Randy . he clenches he side a quick reminder of he still bruise rib . the rest of the kid decide to get out of the police vehicle as well . cut to Pierre be walk in from the end of the alley . he see the crowd as well unaware of what be go on . as he approach the main street , he notice a couple of officer . Pierre rush toward they . as Pierre approach , he realize that the officer be hold some poster in they hand . as one of the officer make a hand gesture , Pierre catch a glimpse of the poster . he vaguely read the word want . a couple of teenager bump into the officer as Pierre stand right up on the officer . Officer ( drop the poster ) hey watch be you be go kid . and slow down kid ( take off run ) you watch be you be go asshole . the poster be on the ground . Pierre take one look at it and to he dismay he picture be the one on the poster . the officer turn toward the teenager . Pierre cease the opportunity to turn toward the main street . the other officer grab the kid before he 's able to flee . the argument escalate between the youngster and the officer . this cause more officer to converge on the scene . Pierre see a phone booth across the way he head for the booth . he cross the street weaving through car . he 's on the other side . he walk into the phone . across the street one of the officer follow Pierre 's movement . he start head across the street as well . Officer hey , hey stop ! hey guy be not that the dude no one be listen . the officer be more concerned with control the kid and in the mix of thing , they fail to hear the other officer . from the booth Pierre see the persistent officer . he 's make he way across the street . suddenly , the officer intercept a colleague in from he point at the poster and point over to the booth . Pierre fuck Pierre walk out of the booth . he head up to higher grounds stream through the crowd and still dodging the officer . the officer be in pursuit and they be close in . Pierre maneuver through the crowd and find himself down another dark alley . he hide behind a dumpster and wait for the officer to flash they light . they flash they light and hit the dumpster . Officer # 1 let I go check it out right at that time they hear the crowd go wild another celebrity have arrive . dispatch ( voice over radio ) " all the officer report to the front of the club . " the two officer leave . Pierre get up from he hide place . he walk toward the side entrance of the club . bouncer and where the fuck do you think you be go mr.? Pierre hey I be already in . I just come out to take a leak you know long line in there . bouncer ( pull out a black light ) let I see you hand Pierre what bouncer ( grab Pierre 's arm ) I say let I see you arm . the bouncer scan Pierre 's arm . bouncer would not you do we both a favor and get outta here before I brake you face . Pierre but .. listen bouncer ( push Pierre ) get the fuck out of here .. now . do not make I wrinkle my shirt on you . Pierre walk off but he see a reporter 's van park at the end of the alley . Pierre manage to sneak into the van . Inside he find some media VIP pass . Pierre don the neck pass . Pierre ( look at he reflection ) yeah that 's what I be cut out for . Pierre hear some foot step outside the van and before he can do anything , the van door swing open and before he stand three guy all look back at he . guy #1 what the who you ? Pierre walk out of the shadow guy #2 oh chill out dude , he 's one of the reporter . hey man ! no big deal man they tell we to come get some of the stuff out of the van . guy#1 yeah ! I .. we do not know that one of you guy be go to be out here and all .. the crowd noise from inside the club . guy #2 com 'on let 's hurry up and get all that stuff in before she start trip again . the three guy start rush to unload the rest of the material . Pierre you guy need a hand ? guy #2 yeah sure . do not mind if you do . Pierre carry a tripod stand over he shoulder and walk into the club . he realize that he be at the back stage . everything be go fast loud and crazy . Pierre drop the equipment and wonder off . he make he way around a divide stage curtain . once around it he peak only to see a frantic crowd go wild and chant for they idol . Pierre well , well what do we have here ? Pierre stay backstage wait for thing to settle down . Pierre slump down on the wall . Hand land on he shoulder . Pierre spin around , fist clench , only to face a short fat man with arched eye brow and frizze hair that shield he recede hair line . short guy what the hell be you do ? what the hell be you do ? you think I pay for you asshole so that you sit around and do nothing ? ( Pierre try to get a word in , to no avail ) get up off you be ass and get to work . Pierre start walk in the direction of the other employee . Pierre see two officer walk around the back stage he panic and reach for some cable that 's be laid on the ground . short guy ( step on the cable ) what the hell be you do ? Pierre ( yanking the cable from underneath he foot ) get off the damn cable man . short guy do you know who you be talk to ? I be fabrice fabien , promoter exceptionnelle to the star . Pierre that 's great dude back off before you get hurt ok . instead of slow down , Pierre pick up he pace and head into a crevice . fabrice run after Pierre . Pierre barely get out of sight before the officer make it to he former location . they patrol the area for a short while and head back to the front stage area . the performer be up on stage . the crowd roar . the officer be all around the stage for the soul purpose of crowd control . back stage ; Pierre 's get a face full from fabrice . fabrice I be talk to you Mr. who bring you in ? which team be you with ? be you tech support ? fabrice keep on rambling . Pierre ignore he . instead , Pierre be look around . he dump the cable on the floor . fabrice reach up and smack Pierre across the face . Pierre ( slam fabrice into the ply wood wall ) what the hell be wrong with you ? before the latter could say a word , Pierre have slap he twice expose he hair piece . fabrice help , help I someone please help I ! no one can hear he due to the noise from the crowd . suddenly , the music stop between song . the cry for help reach the officer on the other side of the stage curtain . Officer # 1 do you hear that Officer # 2 ( on radio ) disturbance at back stage location en route to check . secure all exit and alert chief . they head to the back stage . Pierre see the officer approach . Officer # 2 ( point at Pierre ) stop Pierre run onto the front of the stage . he walk onto the set . the band be play . the crowd be go wild . the officer follow he . Officer # 1 come back here . we just want to talk to you . do not do anything stupid Pierre ( back up to the edge of the stage ) you have get the wrong guy . I do not do anything . it be in self defense Officer # 1 just come closer , get away from the edge . Pierre look back he 's at the edge of the stage . Singer jump jump jump the crowd below he put they arm up . Pierre look back at the officer , then at the crowd . he dive into the crowd . the crowd cheer loudly carry Pierre for a while before they drop he . Pierre mingle through the crowd and make he exit to the rest room . cut to : outside the club stamp ( on the Radio ) where ? repeat that ! let 's go people , someone spot you friend in the club . titus com 'on let 's go get he . stamp walk up to the bouncer . stamp ( flash badge ) clear the way police business the bouncer , tower over stamp , refuse to budge . yet another celebrity arrive and this time it be Randy 's turn to sneak in with the celebrity 's entourage . he be successfully in the club . lydia be the first to notice that Randy be in the club . by the time she can point toward he , he disappear into the club . stamp ( answer a call ) do you hear what I say ? get out of the way before I decide to shut down this whole club . ( he get back on radio ) stamp . he what ? how do a person disappear from . what ! stamp turn off he radio and turn to the bouncer . stamp listen junior you have three second before I slap this cuff on you .. bouncer ( step up on stamp , poke he in chest ) how exactly do you plan on do that old timer ? in one deat move , stamp grab the bouncer 's finger , rotate inwardly cause the bouncer to lose he balance . stamp spin in the opposite direction . this jerk the bouncer 's body violently back toward stamp . stamp strike he on the bridge of the nose . the bouncer be floor . stamp ( straighten he overcoat ) cuff he I have get you old timer right here . titus not bad old timer ! cut to : the restroom Pierre , make he way to the men' room . as he forges ahead , he can see the top of the officer 's hat in the distance . they know where he 's head and worst of all , they be follow suit . Pierre enter the restroom . Pierre ( push through ) Excuse I , excuse I he walk into one of the stall . the crowded bathroom quickly empty out as the familiar voice of Fred durst and method man echo through the entire club . Pierre open the stall 's door and walk out . he open the bathroom door but he spot the two officer stand in front of the bathroom . he look around and see the exit sign point to at the rear of the club . he head for the exit door . Pierre force the door open . it would not budge . on the other side of the door , a couple of guy be lean against the door . Pierre ( push the door ) hey move from the door . guy on other side yo man move be some dude come through guy lean on door oh my bad the door open and Pierre exit at the same moment that the officer walk into the rest room . they hear the exit door shut . they head toward the exit . Pierre 's on the other side of the door . this be the same hallway that lead to the rest room except for the fact that it be at the end of the club and there be a exit door lead to a street alley . Pierre try to open the door to no avail . guy lean on door what the fuck you do man ? go through the front man that door be lock ! Pierre do not answer . he keep pull on the latch to open the door . to he leave be a steel black frame with a half table stick to it . guy lean on door ( feel a bump ) hey who the fuck be that ? officer move from that door . Police guy on the other side fuck you guy lean of door yeah fuck you . let 's block this mother fucker in . Pierre ( back to steel door ) block them in guy lean on door ( reach for something in he pocket ) come on dude Pierre follow . the guy slide a peg of some sort in a grove on the table . the structure shift . it open into a room . the guy push Pierre in . there 's nothing in this room except for the another massive door directly ahead of he . Pierre hello ! hello ! Pierre look around he . the wall be cover with velour . it 's bright red . the room be sound proof . he turn toward the door that lead into the room . the door 's no longer there . instead , it be a infinite stretch of the same red velour wall . there be no door handle , no door frame , no nothing . cut to : the other side of the door . the guy let the door open . Officer # 1 you think that 's funny ? this be police business do you understand that ? guy lean on wall hey man we do not know who you be that 's all . Officer # 2 ( flash picture ) you see this guy back here guy lean on wall ( grab picture ) no sir never see he . cut to Pierre bang on the same door that he have previously rush into . nothing . Pierre hesitantly walk toward the door ahead . Pierre ( knock on door ) be anyone here ? he hear a sound . Pierre look up . there 's a camera perch up on top of the door . Pierre look up into the camera as it focus its lense on he . door click softly and the massive door shift slightly . Pierre step back and listen to some soft music and muffle sound in the distance . he walk into toward the door . Pierre extend he arm to the door . the door open inwardly . on the other side of the door be a exotic beauty barely dress in a Arabian outfit freely expose she breast . she reach out to Pierre ask he for he hand . Pierre do not extend he hand back at she . she smile . he look around and reluctantly extend he hand back . the lady take he hand and start to lead he . Pierre ( pull back ) just a minute there ! where be we go ? where 's this place ? what the fuck be go on here ? she do not speak . she keep smile and extend she hand to he again . Pierre do not budge . she walk off into a better light room . Pierre follow cautiously . in the room be more scantily clad woman all look more gorgeous than the other . Lady please , sit . he oblige she . a spectacle be unfold in front of he , across the table in the booth , a figure be look back at he . Voice in the corner welcome , Pierre günter ! Pierre sit up . before he can move , the dark figure move toward the poor light . it be Lloyd . cut to : the club Randy ( walk up to one officer ) where do you say you see Pierre ? the officer look at he as though he 's insane . Officer what ? who be you ? Randy try to identify himself but before he can say a word , the officer get a call and be ask to converge to the entrance of the club . they leave Randy where he stand . stamp and the rest finally make it in the club . stamp so where be he ? Officer I .we do not know , we follow he into the rest room and he come out through the back exit and .. stamp what .. what the hell be he talk about ? ( turn to the other officer ) officer2 well see the crowd and .. stamp walk toward Randy and stare at . Randy look at he and shrug he shoulder point at the officer . cut to : the red room Pierre be petrify look at Lloyd . Lloyd ok , I think we get off on the wrong foot here Mr. günter . I do not know what exactly happen to you back at the manor but never mind , it give I the creep also . and I grow up there . Pierre still do not say a word . he 's look around . Lloyd continue he monologue . Pierre be oblivious to what he say until a girl slide across the booth bench and in one snakelike fluid motion . slide under the table . she disappear , Lloyd slowly let he head back . the lady be now bop she head up and down between Lloyd 's lap . Pierre now tune back into the conversation . Lloyd so be that a yes ? good Pierre ( shocked ) what ? .. a lady slide over to he side . she 's hold a drink . the lady extend the drink over to Pierre . Pierre no thanks mar 'am . now what be you say ? another lady slip in behind the first girl and spread she leg diving face first between she leg . Lloyd jolt from the chain reaction . Pierre suddenly realize that he be in the middle of some sort of orgy and Lloyd seem to be the ring leader of the group . Pierre notice weird inscription on the wall . the girl next to he extend she arm over he neck and subsequently make contact with Pierre 's face with she breast . the temperature in the room drop slightly , Pierre see she nipple constrict . she rise in she seat . she grab Pierre 's drink , stir she finger into he drink but he do not notice . the lady lean back and pour the drink down she chest . the drink spill onto Pierre 's face Pierre be guzzle the drink and suck on the hard nipple . Lloyd feeling it yet ? Mr. günter ? Pierre what , what 's go on Lloyd nothing you do not want to happen my friend . see my dear Pierre . I have a few thing to show you and I need you to be open minded in order to understand what we be do here . come with I Mr. günter , please Lloyd extend he hand to Pierre . the latter look around confuse there be a slight glaze over he eye . Pierre follow Lloyd but he be be let by the sultry lady that be with he . as they walk , the lady hand a chain over to Pierre . he grab on to the chain with a question look on he face . Pierre tug on the chain only to find out that it be attach to the neck of the very lady that give it to he . Pierre let go of the chain . Lloyd ( place the chain back in Pierre 's hand ) you hold on to that . do not , let go they exit the booth and start walk down a corridor . at the end of the corridor , stand two man . Giants in stature . both man be hold tall staff axe cross to prevent anyone from enter . as Lloyd approach the menace look man he extend both hand outwardly give a sign to part the axe . with that simple gesture , the two monster draw they axe back . Lloyd , Pierre and the rest of they female entourage walk in . the sight be ungodly . two step lead down and in a area which seem like a furnish pool , what seem like a ton of people be part take in a orgy . Men , woman , drug , sex everywhere . Pierre look on confuse . Lloyd lead he down the stair into the mêlée . Pierre be immediately meet with female hand reach for he . he slow down and turn to a woman seemingly need some attention . Pierre stop and look back at the lady with whom he be . she approve of he interaction with the needy lady . Pierre drop to he knee and start kissing this total stranger passionately . Lloyd ( pull Pierre up ) let 's not waste we time here . come Pierre ( resisting / slur speech ) no , I want to stay here . Lloyd I have something better in stock for you . something I know that you would like . trust I , I know you style Pierre ( follow reluctantly ) my style what the hell be my style ? Lloyd ( winking at Pierre . ) trust I !! Pierre reluctantly pick up and follow Lloyd . they keep on forging ahead through the orgy crowd until they reach another set of stair lead back up and out of the pool . at the top of this stair be two more guard identical to the first two guard . Lloyd make the same hand gesture and the two guard part they staff axe as do the first two . Lloyd lead the rest through this area , they walk into another corridor . in this corridor however , there be curtain on either side of the hallway . noise come from behind the curtain . Lloyd ( to Pierre ) easy there Mr. Pierre ( stop ) what the hell be go on in here ? Lloyd draw one of the curtain back . a man bent over on he knee . he appear to be in pain . behind he stand a lady clad in a tight leather corsage and a steel studd collar . the man be in tear and he look back to the amazon lady . she stand well over six foot five inch and be build like a athlete . Pierre follow she long leg and at the end of that leg that seem to go on for ever be a six inch stiletto ankle high boot . her other leg be perch on the back of the man on he knee . the man be in pain because of the heel , Lloyd ( point at the foot of the amazon ) look ! Pierre realize that the heel be not digging into the back of the man , it 's deep in he rectum , the pain only intensify as the amazon dominatrix churn she foot deeper into the man 's hind side . amazon how would you like to see yourself cry ? Pierre look back at Lloyd . Lloyd only smile and walk off . Pierre hey , you go to help that guy or what ? Lloyd tell I Mr. günter , do you see any shackle on that gentleman ? what make you think that he want to be rescue as you so well put it ? Pierre ( look back ) but Lloyd but .. but what ? no one could enjoy that ? well you make a point there my good man see I be not one for all that pain either but you see one man 's poison be another man pleasure . Lloyd reach over to the lady follow he and tug on a chain between she leg . Lloyd be not that right dear ? the lady do not respond Lloyd ( pull harder ) be not that right ? a muffle cry come out of the woman . she 's in pain but she like it . Pierre ok I get it that 's enough .. hey , cut it out man . Lloyd ( get loud ) how do you know when it 's too much ? what make you think that you understand pain and sacrifice ? tell I Mr. günter . Lloyd reach up and grab she nipple ring and pull they as well . she suddenly begin to shake and shudder uncontrollably right before Pierre . Pierre ( rush to she side ) something 's wrong Lloyd ( let she fall ) no , nothing be wrong . everything be bliss Pierre crouch next to she . she smile back at he , bead of sweat on she forehead . Pierre realize what 's happen . Lloyd never stop walk away . Pierre hey , we can not just leave she here ! Lloyd why not ? and besides , she 's in good hand . she be where she want to be . Pierre turn around and see hand reach from underneath one of the curtain and pull the lady 's limp body into the booth . Lloyd do not worry Mr. günter , we be almost at we destination . cut to stamp I want you to seal the perimeter . I do not want anyone leave this club till I say it 's ok . Officer Sir .. there be celebrity .. tonight . what do we do ? stamp I do not give a cripple crap who 's here just seal the damned place .. now get to work Randy hey , he 's still in here somewhere . he could not have walk out of here without you people see he . all we have to do now be dig he out . titus so , where do we start ? Voice ( in crowd ) hey T , Randy , tell them we be peop Officer ( chase ) come back here . this be police business . Voice ( still run ) hey , titus ! hey man tell he to get off I it 's romuald . Randy ( hugging ) hey romi . what 's up guy ? what you do up here ? where 's solonzo romuald man I tell you we be go to be at deca . forget ? man I do not know where that kid be dude ? titus ( come from behind ) you see Pierre ? romuald who günter ? what ? günter 's here ? stamp ( barging in ) who 's this ? romuald who you ? Randy easy , easy that 's the chief inspector ! titus he 's one of we friend stamp get he out of here titus wow , hold on just one minute . he be with we the night of the thing . he ride with we stamp be that true son romuald yeah that 's true what 's he talk about ? Randy never mind dude . Pierre might be in trouble romuald yeah what 's new ? Randy no this serious dude somebody might be try to kill he . romuald ( turn to stamp ) so where be he ? stamp I do not know . you be he friend , you should have a pretty good idea . Randy ( look backstage ) you make a good point . I know just where to start from . com 'on stamp backstage Randy that 's where the media hang out . cut to Lloyd and Pierre and the remain two girl have reach the end of the corridor . at the end of this corridor however , be a massive bronze double gate . Lloyd walk up to they and knock on the door a window similar to the one that be at the main entrance open Lloyd ( walk up to window ) " Cambridge " the door open . Lloyd unhook the chain on he companion neck . Pierre mimic he gesture and frees he companion as well . Lloyd then lead the way for Pierre who hesitantly follow . as they walk in Pierre take a while to adjust he eye to the scene give the fact that there be no actual light in this room save a ton of candle . Pierre adjust he sight to the poor light . there 's a woman laid out on a invert flat bed with a indian collar around she neck . the heat from the room slowly but surely cause the collar to shrink further and further cause the woman to suffocate , in the mean time behind she stand a man with a unusual tool which he be churn . there 's a faint cry from the bound lady . it be muffle by the chocker on she neck . Pierre what the fuck ? the man be wind a lever connect to a massive phallus . this phallus have the lady spread eagle and at the brink of tear . Pierre look to Lloyd for a explanation . the more the man churn the more pronounce she moan be . a crowd slowly begin gather around the table . she 's turn pale . her eye , blood shot red , be almost gouging out of they socket . Pierre ( whisper ) hey do something ! she 's gonna die ! do something damn it ! he try to intervene but Lloyd restrain he . Lloyd ( hold Pierre ) just stay put my friend .. watch like the other . trust I ! Pierre look around the room . it seem as if everyone else be in a trance thoroughly enjoy the scene . the man have almost reach a stop in he grind motion . the victim lie there immobile . her tongue stick out . the crowd begin to converge upon she . the crowd be rub she body . a lady lean over and lock she lip on one nipple . Lloyd move over to the head of the lady and feed she open mouth he penis . he reach for a blade and start move toward she neck . Pierre no ! do not Lloyd cut the leather chocker . the crowd cheer . the lady who be knead the victim 's breast be herself be ravage by a midget , he face bury deep in she ass . and then just as it slowly begin , it all come to a abrupt end . Lloyd tense up and ejaculate . Lloyd stagger back and fall in a chair . Pierre approach the body slowly . there be a little bit of blood on the lady 's nipple . Pierre ( rush Lloyd ) what the fuck do you think you be do ? Lloyd ( still in a daze ) what do you mean Mr. guunter ? Pierre ( walk up to he ) she 's dead ! and you be go down for that ( turn to face the crowd ) .. you be all go down .. you hear I . Lloyd ( rise out of he seat ) go down for what ? have sex ? please look around you , we be all consent adult here . besides , there 's no law against this .. or be there Mrs. Chief justice .( he point to the body ) Pierre turn . the lady be sit up . he move along the body and place two finger on the lady 's neck to see if there be a pulse just at that moment , she bite he finger . Pierre ( fall back ) what the fuck . the crowd start clap . Mrs. Chief justice ( rub she neck ) you be quite right Cambridge . I have always tell you that you would make a better lawyer than doctor . Lloyd ( walk up to Pierre ) meet Mr. guunter . mrs.c.j( wiping she mouth ) be he one of we ? Lloyd he be one to be . Pierre ( walk up in shock ) you know what be go on ? what the fuck be wrong with you people . be you all fuck insane ? ( he start to back up as he speak raise he voice hysterically ) . what fuck ? " the crowd begin to converge on he . mrs.c.j( to Lloyd ) be you sure he can be one of we ? Pierre one of who ? who the hell be we ? Lloyd I never say that he be one of we . Pierre one of what ? Lloyd I say that he have the potential . mrs.c.j I fail to see how Pierre what potential ? will one of you start talk ? Lloyd I have see he in action and I know what he have do we be safe with he . mother do not think that he could be one of we either , but I know he can . mrs.c.j how ? Lloyd trust I . Pierre what be you talk about ? I want some answer now . ( Lloyd signal he to calm down but this be to no avail ) get the hell off I . I say I want answer now . fuck that as a matter of fact , I be out of here . he turn and meet a bat to the face . he 's out . cut to : the club stamp anything ? titus nothing here ! the officer shrug they shoulder . nothing there either . solonzo( hugging titus ) yo my man what 's happen ? the whole crew 's here titus what 's up junior ? solonzo do not call I that titus anyway , Pierre be miss , and we be look for Lloyd . solonzo what ? titus never mind . I will explain later but right now we be look for Randy stamp ( point in a empty space ) where do he go ? Officer who ? titus Randy , he 's talk about Randy man . where do he go ? he be here a minute ago . nannette I do not know but be not that the guy from Lloyd 's crib ? lydia where ? everyone 's look around . suddenly , titus bellow out . titus there , ( he point to the back of the stage ) that 's the guy form Lloyd 's crib . stamp look toward the stage and spot aristide . he fade behind the stage . stamp ( chase ) hey ! you on stage come out ! now aristide 's go . stamp try to make it through the raucous crowd but the crowd be not move . titus ( signal ) take the corridor . Randy ( from balcony ) I be on he titus get through the crowd . he 's backstage . aristide be in the distance . he can see titus . aristide see officer ahead . aristide ( staging panick ) the guy you be look for be after I please help , I think he 's dangerous . Officer ( to other officer ) call for back up let 's get this guy ! the officer head in the opposite direction . aristide take another exit . they run into titus . titus ( run toward they ) you see he ? Officer ( reach for mace ) stop right where you be pal . titus ( back step ) what ? you be let he get away . what the fuck be you do ? officer2 ( on radio ) officer request back up .. we be get the suspect titus ( try to run past they ) he 's get away the officer wrestle titus down to the ground . he try to toss one officer off himself but to no avail . titus reach for the officer 's night stick and brandish the weapon . the officer start spraying . titus ( swinging the night stick ) ahhh ! what the .. the officer wobble off barely conscious . officer2 ( reach for something ) you be fuck dead . stamp step in just in time to prevent the officer from attack . other officer arrive at the scene . stamp stop , every body stop . what the hell be go on ? where be the butler ? where do he go ? Officer who ? lydia ( kneel by titus ) the fuck butler you asshole . the guy you be suppose to catch back stage stamp ( reach for lydia ) easy , easy everyone , we all on the same team here . now what happen to the butler ? officer2 you mean the tall guy back stage ? he tell we that someone be after he so we head back this way to stop the kid titus ( finally get back up to he foot ) you fuck moron , you could not catch a cold if it be hand to you Officer you want to shut you trap . I have just about have enough of you stamp ( slamm the officer against the wall ) ok enough ! I say enough . now you two go back there and try to locate the butler . the rest of you ( point at the other officer ) seal all exit . nothing leave this building not till I say so . cut to : the dance floor stamp ( walk on stage / take the mic ) cut the music I say cut the music . this be Chief inspector stamp . with the mpd . please remain calm . the festivity be go to have to come to a end for tonight there a eminent potential danger in the club . please remain calm . the crowd be mute . Voice out of the crowd fuck you a bottle come fly onto the stage . the crowd go wild and start toss table and chair . they start fight the officer . the rest of the police force converge on the crowd try to hold they back . stamp 's tackle to the ground . it 's titus pull he out of harm way . a chair fly right past stamp 's head . titus ( on stamp ) come on , let 's all go backstage before we get hurt . cut to Randy 's follow aristide , over look he from the top of the club . Randy watch aristide 's every move through the crowd . aristide move toward the back exit . as soon as he make it there , he reach for the mirror on the wall . Officer Bryant ( come around the corner ) hey you there ! turn around slowly ! aristide quicken he movement . Randy be watch the whole thing from the top . Officer Bryant ( reach for side arm ) I say turn around slowly with you hand up . aristide ( turn ) easy there young lad , the guy you be look for be back there , at the backstage area . Officer Bryant you just step away from that mirror and keep you hand where I can see they . aristide ( move closer ) I be tell you , you be make a sad mistake . Officer Bryant ( step back ) ok , that 's close enough . I say that 's close enough aristide ( lowering he arm ) why do not you put down you weapon ? I be not whom you be really after and you know it . Officer Bryant ( on radio ) Officer request backup .. Radio 10 / 4 what 's you location ? aristide point over officer Bryant 's shoulder . Officer Bryant what ? you expect I to turn ? Randy ( from top ) look out !!!!! Officer Bryant back up into someone . he turn around . Three man face he . they hold weapon . they start clobber the officer . Randy no !!! aristide ( point at Randy ) get he aristide turn and head back toward the mirror . one of the assailant start escalate the massive drapery head for the balcony . Randy step back in the balcony booth . the other be beat down the officer . Randy ( leaping from the balcony ) stop !!! Radio " Officer , what be you location ? come in officer ! Officer come in ! " the radio be lie on the ground a splash of blood fall on it . aristide turn around and draw a sword from the cane that he 's carry . Randy fall on the two thug . they all hit the deck one be knock out on impact . the other be slowly get back up to he foot . Randy , clutching he side , stand between the thug and the officer . he 's face the assailant . Randy ( back to aristide ) come on you and I . the officer be in the background cough up blood . the thug step on the radio with a bloody boot smash the device . Randy capitalize on he distraction and kick he . Randy fail to see aristide approach from behind with he sword draw . the other thug be back on the ground . Randy turn to face he . at the same moment he catch officer Bryant who collapse in he arm . the latter eye be roll back he cling onto Randy . Randy look over he and see aristide draw he sword out of officer Bryant . Randy no ! the other thug blind side Randy . aristide run back toward the mirror . before randy can gather himself , the thug brandish a vase over he head readying to smash it over Randy 's head . stamp 's voice Drop it !! two shot be fire . the thug stand balance himself for a little while . one more shot be fire . he fall back . stamp and the rest of the crew converge over Randy and officer Bryant . from the ground , Randy can see through all the foot shuffle before he . he see the entry way shut . cut to : the shrine Pierre awake . Pierre 's eye can barely focus . he feel a strain on he shoulder . Pierre be barely come around . he begin to make out various sound . his vision be slowly come back into focus . Pierre open he eye to the crowd before he . before he be a banquet table adorn with food Lloyd be sit at the head . everything vividly flash back to Pierre . he realize that he 's look back at Lloyd from a elevate position . Pierre turn and look up . his arm be strapped stretch wide apart as be he foot which be rest on individual ledge . Pierre be on a crucifix . furthermore , he 's only wear a loin cloth . Lloyd Mr. günter , how reverend of you to join we . Lloyd Mr. günter , we be gather here in you honor ! you see , we belong to a special community of affluent personality , as you can tell but we , how can I say this , sexual orientation be apparently not acceptable in the eye of society . actually , we kind be not acceptable in society . ( Lloyd 's voice get louder and louder ) and do you have any idea why ? can you tell I why ? every one want to be aloud to do as well as they please . freedom of choice be what they call it . why can not we do what we want ? tell I why ? Lloyd drive he fist onto the banquet table . Pierre try to speak but he 's bound by a mouth piece . make it impossible for he to speak . he muffle some word out . Lloyd be you try to tell I something ? someone please take off he gag . please , after all , he be we guest of honor . besides , no one could possibly hear he Lloyd snap he finger and one of the guard release Pierre 's gag . Pierre what the fuck be you do ? what do you want from I ? what have I do to you ? Lloyd see , I think you be one of we at first . at least I think you have what it take be one of we . you see the fact of the matter be I know about the incident in the morgue . if you recall , that night when you come back to the room , you be make fun of I because I be do my laundry thing which you find totally unusual especially give the time of night that it be . Pierre I recall now , the first time I make it to the room , you be not there . I call romuald to come get he key . you walk in with that laundry basket . Lloyd ah yes the laundry basket , that be where my bloody clothes be . you see I have a unexpected interruption while I be busy attend to one of the lady in the morgue . and you see that be when that cab driver walk in on I . he have to die . Pierre shocked / entire murder scene reenacted without colour except for blood Lloyd you seem in shock , and I wonder why , after all , you kill someone as well remember ? Pierre I .i.. Lloyd you what ? you do kill O'Toole do not you ? but do not feel so bad my dear , the truth be I be on my way to the morgue to take he out but by the time I get there , the old gizzard be start to deviate from the plan and I be get worried . he be go to talk to the police and so I be go to take care of he myself . you remember that mysterious corpse disappear from the campus morgue do not you ? well liam be we inside man . see he be behind all that disappearance . anyway , long story short , I be go to rectify we problem but there you be .actually I think you friend be go to take care of he but then they lack the finish ability that you have Pierre it be a accident ? what do you want from I ? I never mean to kill he . what do you want with I ? Lloyd ah the burn question . well , at one point I think that you might want to join we but I believe you see too much in too little time at the manor . Pierre I be not dream ? be I ? I do see the dog in the maze , do not I ? what be that ? who be you ? who be all you people aristide 's voice ( from behind Pierre ) what be we , would be a more deserve question to which 's answer I would say , we be the darkness from whence one come . Pierre ( try to turn he head the best he could ) show yourself ! aristide walk around from the back of the room wear a cloak like the rest but unlike the rest , he cloak be red in color and on he chest be a brand of some sort . aristide identify myself ? I be the high priest and this be my loyal subject . and you be we sacrificial lamb prepare to give you life for a worthy cause . with that word resounding , the other begin dance as though they be in a trance . the music get louder . the orgy resume . with one arm gesture , aristide signal and the banquet table split open emit a foul stench . body be pop out of the apparent tomb . aristide reach into the pool of corpse and grab a arm and pull , the arm dislodge itself from the rest of the corpse . aristide raise the arm and pass it over a flame for a while and take a bite out of the limb . Pierre 's nauseous from the scene . he throw up spew he vomit over the bed of corpse the subject , see he do this , scramble into the pool and begin scoop up Pierre 's vomit . the entire scene be unreal . aristide raise he arm to speak . cut to : the mirror Randy crawl he way to the table where aristide be last see . at the same time the three thug be subdued . stamp come over to Randy . stamp what be you do ? Randy do not answer . he just go on trace around the table fixture on the wall . he try to jerk it forward . no result . the table do not budge . titus hey man we get to go dude ! what be you do ? solonzo listen bannerman , we need to move Randy signal he to be quiet . titus approach he friend . Randy run he hand at the bottom of the door . Randy where do the butler go ? do anyone see he disappear in the course of the fight ? stamp ( look around ) " ok . surely you be not suggest .. the table ? " Randy there 's something weird about this table . see , ( he run he hand on the floor ) , there be a gap here . its like there 's a door right here . they all converge on the open and start trace out a door frame . nannette ok , there 's a door so , what now ? how do you open it ? Randy do not answer , he keep feel around the table but he effort fail to yield result . stamp grow impatient . stamp be there a way to get in there or not ? Randy I do not know ? I be try to find a way in . romuald be Pierre in there ? Randy I do not know but do know that the butler go behind the door and if we can get to he , we can find out where Pierre be . lydia well let 's open this thing then ! stamp get I a ram now ! time be of the essence and I do not have much time to spare so let 's knock this thing down and get on with it . the officer radio for a battery ram . few minute later , the ram be at the door site . Officer step back we go to knock this thing down . cut to : the shrine Lloyd stop dead in he track . he signal the rest to be quiet . they eventually start catch on . Lloyd quiet , quiet do you hear that . aristide spin around with a look of disgust on he face . you can hear a thumping sound come from the main entrance . aristide we must hurry my dear friend , for the non believer be at we door . we must cleanse we selve before long . let 's prepare the sacrificial lamb . with that , the crucifix be cast over the pool of corpse . then a sudden turn away from the pool . the massive bodyguard snap he restraint leave he body to drop to the floor . Pierre 's free from he bound . the two guard pull Pierre up to he foot . he 's unable to stand on he own . aristide look at I lamb , the time be here and now . Lay he on the altar . Pierre try to struggle free from the guard but they clearly over power he and lay he down on a altar table . Pierre 's body fall into a grove carve in the shape of a man . the thumping on the door become louder . Pierre 's body be strapped securely onto the altar . he can hear a faint sound . Pierre turn helplessly only to see a infant in a crib lie on the floor . Mrs. Chief justice approach the infant . she pick up the crib in which the child be and walk up to the altar . once there , she lay the baby underneath the altar . Pierre what 's go on ? what be you do ? Lady the future leader of we order must be reborn in blood . he must be reborn as the lamb 's life pass , the new lord life begin . Pierre why use I ? I be no body . I have nothing to do with you guy . please let I go . Lady all the contrary my dear friend , you be as integral to this as none other . Pierre why ? how ? at that very moment , the thump on the door echoed one more time . cut to : charge in stamp ( stand at the smashed down door brandish he weapon and wave the other in ) let 's go , go , go , go officer dash in , run in all direction . the noise suddenly stop everyone be look around . the room be empty safe a massive black metal door . a couple of officer head over to the door and start bang on it . they effort be without reward . the door do not budge . they summon the battery ram . but this be no task for the ram . they bring in the explosive and after they clear the room , a detonation send the metal door fly . the assault resume and the officer storm through the same area that Pierre have be take to . they barge in on all sort erotic activity . as they search for Pierre , stamp order the arrest of the people involved in the elicit interaction . titus ( lead the pack ) Pierre , Pierre , any sign of he yet ? titus get no answer from he query . Randy still grab he rib , forges on as if he know that he counterpart would not be where the other be look . cut to : the shrine Guard ( run to aristide ) they be in the first chamber , we must leave at once ! aristide hold they back , we must complete the ritual at all cost . Lloyd we can not take that risk ! do you realize who 's out there ? the .. aristide ( run up the altar ) " yes , I do realize who be out there . that be you counterpart whom you fail to eliminate and who trace you back to the manor . Lady Van ess be prepare at the manor for we arrival . I do not suggest we delay any further .. for you own well be that be . with that word , Lloyd follow aristide up the stair they stand over Pierre , aristide frantically start spread some sort of oil on Pierre 's forehead . Pierre battle with aristide all through the ritualistic preparation . Pierre hear the noise from the other chamber approach he location . at the same time Lloyd start write some inscription on Pierre 's chest . aristide seem to be lose he grasp of the situation . he drop the brush that he 's use to write the inscription on Pierre . aristide bend down to pick up the brush at that very moment , Pierre begin cry out loud for help . both Lloyd and aristide scramble back to the altar , in a attempt to silence Pierre . Lloyd cover Pierre 's mouth with he hand . the latter bite he and resume he cry for help . aristide strike Pierre on the face rattling the latter 's jaw . this temporarily silence Pierre . cut to : the charge Randy ( with he finger over he mouth ) quiet , do you hear that ? no one respond . they all stand still quiet try to make out what Randy 's talk about . suddenly , a muffle but distinct sound come from the chamber ahead . Randy start run in the direction of the sound . titus and the girl follow he . stamp wait what be you do ? wait for back up . the crew never slow down . stamp rally the officer to he location . cut to : the shrine aristide this could have be a noble act on you behalf but I realize that you be not willing to participate so , I do not have a choice except to do what I have to . Lloyd be on he way over to assist aristide . he stop . there 's a crash sound from the outside door . Lloyd , aristide and the other turn and face the door . aristide ( to guard ) block the entry . do not let they in . no sooner do they make it to the door do the latter come crash down and in rush Randy and the other . panic spread across the room . the guard tackle some of the officer but the boy in blue outmatch the guard . very soon they resistance be bring down . in the mean time , Pierre 's lie on the altar table . stand over he be aristide hold a ancient weapon . Pierre be still scream for help . Officer ( aim at aristide ) stop , drop you weapon aristide do not respond . gun shot . aristide drop to the ground . the officer be hold he hand gun with smoke come out of the barrel . Randy dash to the altar , pick up the weapon from the floor . he start cut the restraint from Pierre . Randy hey , you alright ? Pierre ( shocked& laugh ) bannerman ? never think I would say this , good to see you titus come run to help Randy stand they friend . titus ( point at the pool ) what the fuck be that smell ? what the fuck be that ? they stand of either side of Pierre and carry he of the table . Pierre be try to walk the best he can . Pierre ( jerk he body up and violently fall back . ) ahh he 's be slashed across the back by Mrs. c.j. his blood splashes across the altar and the wall . Randy turn around . he barely dodge the blade of the boomerang shape knife . Mrs. c.j be swinging the knife violently at Randy , he back up and run into titus . Mrs. c.j die you unbeliever . die. she jump on Randy he try to hold she up but he lose he balance in the process . Randy fall back on titus . she 's on top of he . all three of they hit the ground hard . Randy prevent the blade from drive into he eye . Mrs. c.j bare down she weight on the weapon . she 's scream they both struggle . Randy tilt he head to the right and dodge the plunging knife in the nick of time . he toss she off himself . Randy get up and square up against she . she charge on . out of no where , a close line that almost decapitate she . its nannette , she 's hold one of the guard 's staff . she drop the staff and rush to Randy 's aid . no sooner be nannette next to Randy do Mrs. c.j jump back to she foot and resume she attack . nannette spin around , reach for the staff , wedge it in the corner project it toward the assailant . Mrs. c.j take flight . she fall on the staff impale herself . she gyrate violently , with she blood spilling over nannette and Randy . she swing she weapon one last time before drop it to the ground . nannette ( hold staff ) oh no no the assailant stare back at she lifelessly . Randy ( scramble to he foot ) be you ok ? nette , be you ok ? nannette ( expressionless ) yes yes Randy ( pull the staff out of she hand ) its ok . its ok .( yell to other ) .. somebody help . stay here , I be go to go check on Pierre .. Pierre ! Pierre ! Randy look in titus 's direction but the latter be out . he look back at the altar . aristide be on the ground crawl toward Pierre 's body . Randy crawl on the ground toward the altar as well . he make it up the first step . aristide be close in on Pierre . Randy make it up the second stair , aristide be now lie next to Pierre , he reach in he pocket for a knife . Randy can see what 's go on but he 's still one stair away from do anything . he look back at nannette but she 's freeze stiff still in shock from what happen . Randy quickly turn to titus . the latter seem to be finally come around but not soon enough . in a desperate effort , Randy leap up to stop aristide . aristide on the other hand be get ready to slash Pierre from ear to ear . Randy stop Randy stretch and grab aristide 's hand before aristide be able to slash he friend throat . Pierre be cut , again , this time on the neck and he 's bleed . Randy and aristide be wrestle on the ground . a cry from nannette . Randy turn and see Lloyd hold nannette by she hair with a knife to she throat . Lloyd get off of he . or its she neck . Randy do not do it man let she go ! Lloyd pull she hair further expose nannette 's neck . Randy be still hole on to aristide 's arm . Randy look back at Lloyd and nannette , he look over Lloyd 's shoulder , one of the officer be come up on Lloyd from behind . Randy wink a eye at nannette and turn to aristide . Lloyd get ready to plunge the knife into nannette 's chest . as soon as he lift he arm , nannette strike he in the stomach , he 's slightly disorient the officer jump on Lloyd from behind . Lloyd swerve the officer . nannette try to run off . Randy be still wrestle with aristide . titus do not know who to assist , Randy or nannette and the officer . aristide over power Randy and get on top of he . Randy wedge he foot under aristide and push as hard as he can send aristide fall backward down the stair . as aristide 's tumble body come to a stop at the bottom of the stair . he 's lifeless . titus come over and turn the limp body . aristide break he neck on the stair . Lloyd be still battle the officer . he break away from the officer and start head for nannette . he pick up a club and try to strike she with the weapon . titus step in . he cover nannette . titus turn around only to meet another strike to the face this time . he be shake . stamp 's voice Drop it Lloyd stop with he hand above he head still hold on to the club . he pause and turn slowly to see stamp and a few other officer hold they weapon point at he , Lloyd turn back around and violently strike titus one more time before be bring down by the thunder sound of several gun shot . Lloyd hit the ground with a smile on he face fall into titus ' lap . cut to : epilogue there be ambulance every where , some paramedics be work on Pierre . he 's go to make it . Randy be bang up and he 's lean on nannette just as titus be lean on lydia . the friend all follow the stretcher carry Pierre . they all get aboard the ambulance watch as the other member of the cult be be haul onto the police wagon . Three stretcher be bring out with body bag on they . the three body be Lloyd , Mrs. c.j and officer Bryant . Pierre start to speak , he voice be faint . the paramedic urge he to relax and sleep but Pierre be insistent point at he friend . romuald hey I think you nail you story this time kid . try to rest . solonzo I can see the headline on campus ..hero save the day with a pen .. romuald what ? solonzo you know a pen . you know like a pen be mightier than a sword . you know like he 's a writer so ..ah never mind . Pierre be still try to speak , he take off he oxygen mask . lydia hey , let he speak ! nannette what be it ? Pierre ( signale she closer as he speak ) the baby . nannette what ? what be you say ? titus ( move in closer ) move . what be it Pierre ? Pierre the baby ! titus do you say the baby ? titus ( turn to the other ) I think he 's delirious , he say something about a baby ! stamp what ? what baby ? ..( to officer ) find that baby ! while they be try to figure out what Pierre 's talk about . the ambulance start move toward the hospital . all the officer be look around try to locate the so call baby . there be no sign of this baby . cut to : the manor the manor 's as quiet as ever , Lady Van ess be stand by the fireplace . she 's motionless look into the fire . in the distance , the distinct sound of some foot step draw nearer and nearer to the sit room in which Lady Van ess be await by the fireplace . as the step draw closer , she spin she wheelchair around and in the door way stand aristide and he 's hold a infant in he arm . a smile come across Lady Van ess ' face . the end fade out 4