penetration ( aka body of lies ) by William monahan base on the novel " body of lies " by David ignatius previous revision by Steven Zaillian revision by William monahan pink revision 9/21/07 blue revision 9/17/07 white shoot draft 9/10/07 this script be the confidential and proprietary property of Warner bros . picture and no portion of it may be perform , distribute , reproduce , use , quote or publish without prior write permission . 2a 2b penetration fade in : american soldier 1 heavily - armed , enter a insurgent neighborhood in Humvees and truck . hoffman ( v.o . ) do we belong there ... do we not . int . room in samarra - morning 2 a man' face ... thousand - mile stare ... sweat trickle from he temple ... ( this be ferris ) hoffman ( v.o . ) it do not matter what you think . somewhere else 2a hand wind tape around the grip of a cricket bat . hoffman ( v.o . ) it do not matter what I think . the bat slice through frame strike someone 0o.s. back to scene but the man 's face here do not grimace . hoffman ( v.o. ) we be there and we be tired and can not see the end . we can not even console ourselves think they be just as tired because they be not . it 's a fallacy that prolong war weaken the enemy . it weed out the weak . it make the enemy stronger . ferris drink a orange soda as fly copulate on a tear window screen in he monastic room . int . hoffman 's townhouse ( virginia ) - night 2b a dark figure stare at a plasma screen . hoffman . break news on CNN ( silent ) . ( continued ) 2 B 2c chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 2 . continued : 2b hoffman be talk with a headset on and as he talk he word be record in type . hoffman you can not make a war go away . like a child ' hide 's in a corner with he hand over he eye . back to ferris ferris be in he thirty . neither shaven nor unshaven . he could be a madrassa student , a Islamic convert , but be not . he 's be in the desert too long . in he own kind of war too long . numb . hoffman ( v.o. ) we pull out of Vietnam and a million people who have believe in we be murder . be that really give peace a chance ? or be we just be selfish prick who could not be bother . a fan oscillate on a break table . cell phone charge in a power strip . extra battery -- lot of extra battery -- you do not want to be without you phone . Water bottle , wristwatch tick , pint of johnny Walker Black . .45 micro-compact , six extra clip . hoffman ( v.o. ) and Vietnam be a little colonial war ... int . hoffman' townshouse ( virginia ) - night 2 c as hoffman , insomniac , turn away from kettle , water , etc , with he headset and coffee ... hoffman this be what you call a global conflagration . a blistering collage of new footage 3 the french Muslim riot . Cars burn in a Paris suburb . London salafist rioting . the imam with the hook shouting in Charlotte Street . the shadow of a jet slamm into one of the Trade tower . Theo van gogh lie dead in he blood on a dutch street . flashes of mask kidnapper on Al - khaleej Network . and over this on SOUND : ( continued ) chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 3 . continued : 3 a corresponding aural collage you might get from a random sampling of radio-wave and NSA wiretaps if you be George Martin ... bit of English , media Arabic , intelligence '' chatter , '' static , building up to a howl which cut off abruptly as we OPEN up on : a cctv image 4 of a milk van move along a street in London . early morning ; no one else be awake . various cctv camera image follow the progress of the van . police move into shot stop the driver , a pakistani . we have just time to get curious before we go to : ext . STREET 5 live action color and SOUND : rowhouse in a poverty - crush Muslim neighborhood in Manchester . feel of news . Arabic graffiti everywhere . we see ordinary police . int . ferris 's room in samarra - continuous action - morning 6 manchester image on ferris 's tv in he spartan room ... reporter ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) the standoff , in one of Manchester 's heavily asian neighborhood , be now in its twenty - eighth hour . the person inside the house , not yet identify , be think to be responsible for the terror campaign in the midland which have be connect to a new and evolve network ... [ more on side document ] int . a terrible flat 7 as a pakistani teenager , mumble a prayer , sort through wire , material , fitting thing together . he finish what he 's do just as : masked s.a.s. enter with flashbang , break glass , rip fire from submachine gun . the pakistani teenager cram two wire together and scream the name of God . no SOUND : s.a.s. be blow to bit . the house disintegrate . ( continued ) 10 11 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 4 . continued : 7 the STREET : the entire row of house be obliterate . it 's a bomb big enough to blow out window for mile . we go back to : int . ferris 's room in samarra - continuous action - morning 8 the manchester explosion play behind ferris on tv as he blow dust from dismantle gun part , wipe they with a oile rag , methodical , yet weary ... hoffman ( v.o. ) despite this new operational intensity , the new threat be not what they do , but how they do it . cctv image - soho square 9 the milk van round the park , and pull to the curb in front of a central office of a international bank . shot static . a pakistani man get out and the cctv stop - motion he around the corner . int . hoffman 's study ( virginia ) - night 10 hoffman ( v.o. ) the mystery be they command and control . how they communicate . how they secure they network ... hoffman -- fifty , a lifer CIA officer , flaw , too smart to be '' professional , '' too professional to be as smart in the end as he need to be , a little bit of a mile gloriosus but aware of it , a truth - teller and liar and inhabitant of the wilderness of mirror -- move through darken room , dictation headset on , he word come up on a computer screen . hoffman the enemy have figure out they be fight guy from the future . if you live in the past , behave like it 's the past and guy from the future can not see you . ext . STREET corner ( turkish germany ) - day 11 muslim men stand pinch with cold on a street corner in turkish Germany , angry , conspire , look around for police . ( continued ) 11 12 13 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 5 . continued : 11 elsewhere , box code with Arabic character be write ; a jihadist get he code order from behind a loose brick . CUT back to : int . hoffman' townhouse ( virginia ) - night 12 hoffman this be the new aq . on hoffman as he look instead out chill blue pane at a freak Virginia snow fall on he garden below . hoffman what I need you to understand , sir , whatever the fuck I call you ... delete clause ... '' whatever the fuck I call you '' disappear from the screen . hoffman continue dictation ... be this , colon : this people do not want to negotiate . they want the universal caliphate establish across the face of the earth and every infidel convert or dead . int . oval office - day 13 hoffman , in a hard chair , look at a figure we assume to be the President , 0.s. other also 0.s. we be only on hoffman . ( note : shoot this dialogue both in hoffman 's townhouse and in the oval Office to intercut . ) hoffman terrorism -- or ' Tourism 's as we say back at home -- be easy . remember the Virginia sniper ? a kid and he stepfather with one rifle fire from the trunk of they car paralyze a entire state for a month . imagine what I could do with ten rifle . or fifty . one in every state open fire on the Prophet 's birthday and I could destroy the US economy for a few thousand dollar in bullet and bus ticket . 14 15 16 17 18 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 6. int . hoffman' townhouse ( virginia ) - night 14 hoffman in the snow - light , outside on he blue - light garden porch . he switch on the light to he garden . we see a large treed area give onto a small dock with a small motor yacht . hoffman ( v.o. ) what 's happen , be that the other guy know it 's easy , too . brief image 15 of the milk van , the stop-motion pakistani . hoffman ( v.o. ) the end of we world be easier than you think . back to the oval office 16 hoffman with he black shoe together , just sit , finish ... collage of image 17 and as the NSA chatter rebuild on SOUND , rise to a Abbey Road crescendo ... we see image of every event in this war from 9 / 11 to the present ... and the instant the aural / visual collage reach its limit and go to sudden silence -- CUT to : on SOUND : John Lennon 's '' gimme some Truth , '' and come up on : ext . american '' cantonment '' ( balad , iraq ) - day 18 a strongpoint . sandbagge roof parapet , emplace machine gun , soldier on guard , a officer with dust -— glaze range- find glass . mortar somewhere in the distance . a checkpoint . american soldier be fire on by a unseen enemy , take cover and fire back at the building 's impromptu position . superimpose : samarra , iraq , present day 19 20 21 22 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 7. int . ferris 's room in samarra —- continuous action - 19 morning the old tv in the corner show silent image from the Manchester bombing , a jihadist statement , the continual news stream . ferris light a cigarette with a bic , rake the curtain aside , look out the window , know all he will see be the ruin of Golden dome and the same street life as yesterday . on he face : ferris ( v.o. ) tell I something real . bassam ( v.o. ) ( no arab accent , perfect american English ) all I get be real . ext . STREET - ( samarra ) -— day 20 a GREEN renault move through the street of samarra . flashback - ext . bassam 's apartment - balcony 21 to bassam and ferris talk , drink beer on bassam 's apartment balcony last night . bassam 's wife and 2 - year - old son can be see behind they inside , prepare food . bassam a guy name nizar , from aquiz up near Tikrit . I know he when I be a kid before I leave . he want to come to America with I but he could not get the papers . intercut ferris pack up he '' go '' bag in he room . bassam he get all mess up in the head after the invasion , you know , start work with the Baathists -.. then the jihadist . but he 's scared shitless now , man . he 's suppose to do a martyrdom operation , but he do not want to die . so he 's come to we . int . ferris 's room 22 ferris , alone in he room , pack , stare dully at the tv image . ( continued ) 22 23 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 8 . continued : 22 ferris ( v.o. ) he know about the UK bombing ? bassam ( v.o. ) he know all the fuck about everything . he say . ferris look around the room . if he never come back to it , so what : a couple of pair of sock and underwear on a shelf . empty booze bottle . stack of book . ferris leave the room . close the door . ext . a STREET in baghdad - day 23 ferris , drive the GREEN renault , which look like it have serve as a taxi for a thousand year in the desert . arab bead dangle from the rearview mirror . a news broadcast in Arabic be on . ferris turn it up . whatever it say ( it be about the Manchester bombing ) , disturb he as he drive through the crowded street . every young man visible through the dusty windshield and side - window be he potential murderer . dangerous man look at he car . ferris slow at a intersection with a traffic cop , lean over to unlock the door for -- wait at a street cafe -- bassam , a iraqi- american hipster under considerable strain . ferris ya , bassam . marhaba . bassam slide onto the passenger seat : cheap leather jacket , gell hair , a iraqi by way of Detroit . ferris pull the car back into the street traffic . ferris rule of the day . if the car 's immobilize , start shoot . no one get trade . everybody die . bassam so , same as every day ... they slow at the exit from the city . a arched gate through the wall . a elderly woman sell flower hold out a yellow blossom . ferris say no , then make a salaam to a mystify soldier who do not quite understand why he officer ( haul he off by a equipment strap ) be indicate '' leave the CIA guy alone '' as other soldier check vehicle . ( continued ) 23 24 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 9 . continued : 23 bassam we be go to get kill by one of that fucker . that 's my prediction . ferris we be go to get kill by somebody . the american presence fade in the rearview mirror . ferris what be the chance you buddy 's play both side ? bassam I do not know . what be they with I ? ferris smile at he . but you never know . look out at man at a cafe stare at he as he pass . cigarettes . cheap shoe . Poverty , heat , dust , despair , anger . as we go through the slum past group of ashamed unemployed father in plastic sandal and rescue-mission clothes , bassam text on a cell phone . bassam I say it again : we have more fuck green card we would not be in this shit . we have all be in beverly Hills . from the craziness of the souk -- hard CUT to : silence and : ext . desert / int . car - day 24 a long dirt road cut across white hot desert . the GREEN renault move through dust on the road lead to what once be a farm : a villa with outbuilding , break irrigation equipment , blow dust . it might once have be as nice as something in andalusia . now it 's a wreck . ferris have a fold carbine across he lap now as he drive , stare towards the house . bassam still on texting . bassam he say one of we have to come in . come up to the house . ferris just look at bassam who 's sweat . ( continued ) 24 25 continued : chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 10 . 24 bassam he mean I , he mean I . he want to see my face before he come out . ferris and what do you think of that ? bassam they would have to be smarter than I think they be for it to be a setup ... but it still could be a setup . ferris park . bassam do not get out . ferris do not rush he . eventually -- bassam I be not get my head cut off on the Internet , sahib . you 'il shoot I , right ? ferris fuck that , I 'il shoot you right now . you get that thing on mute ? with a fuck - you look , bassam click back in on he call -- bassam ya , nizar ... ( etc. , etc . ) ferris ( while bassam talk ) we do not go into the house . bring he out , no matter what he say . in 1l cover you from the small building . tell he he will come out to we if he want to talk . ( as bassam 's hesitate too long now ) do the fuck what I say . bassam get out , start to walk towards the main house . ferris get out and , as he glance at the sky : bird ’s- eye view - moving 25 we see the farm , the car , bassam move toward the house , ferris , everything , startlingly clear from high above . 26 27 28 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 11 . ext . the villa - continuous action 26 as ferris head to the SMALL build for better vision and protection , he see the silver glint high in the sky ( a predator ) . he speed-dial a number -- ferris ( anxiously into phone ) who 's on ? I need you out of here , right now . they 'il know a agent 's under it . get it out of here now . intercut : int . CIA location 27 a army intel sgt . glance 0.s. to a imply predator operator and nod '' ok '' ... a CIA technician in a headset somewhere in Virginia move a joystick , and we see the camera image of the villa sweep away as the predator turn away from it . int . the little build - villa - day 28 it look like the shed where Saddam clamber out of he spider- hole to fry egg . as ferris finish clear the room , one of he cell phone vibrate . answer : ferris I can not talk now , Larry -- intercut larry he foot up , undoing he tie as if he 's have a terrible few hour . attorney ( on phone ) she want the house . ferris she can have it . intercut predator guy listen and grin . ( continued ) 28 29 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 12 . continued : 28 attorney ( v.o. ) ( on phone ) no , she can not . I be not gonna let you give she the house . she can ask for whatever she want but I be not listen . ferris then why be you call ? ferris hang up . shut off the phone like he should have do before . unlimber a serious next - generation hk with optic and a long barrel . peer through a aperture -- ferris 's Pov scan for danger , then back to the main house where bassam be come out with another iraqi -- nizar -- a former academic , with that self - possession , but maybe a little crazy , with fear , at least . int . the little build - later 29 ferris and nizar sit look at each other in the gloom . bassam lean against a wall of the thrash room , hold ferris 's hk . nizar be terrify , fingertip press together tremble , stare at ferris for help . ferris maybe I can help you . nizar thanks God , thanks God . ferris but why do you need help ? nizar I know too many thing . they prepare I to go outside Iraq . ferris tell I what you mean by ' outside Iraq . 's nizar but then they say they need I for martyrdom , here in Iraq . when a man know too much they say ' martyrdom . 's ferris who be ' they , 's nizar ? ( continued ) 29 continued : chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 13 . 29 nizar ( in good English ) I do not want to die . I want to go to America . ferris then you do well to call bassam . nizar God , God , God . thanks god. ferris but you have to tell I what you know . who be ' they 's ? nizar I have a Ph.D. me. and they want I to blow myself up ! ferris Ph.D. in what ? chemistry ? what do you know about radiological material , nizar ? nizar no! Linguistics ! I speak five language . five . no one should say ' martyr 's to I . ferris you be a rare flower . nizar I be ! ferris you do not want to kill the Jews and crusader . nizar will not go that far . say nothing . ferris so why come to I ? nizar if I know enough to be martyre , with you I know enough to stay alive . ferris maybe . ferris turn away from nizar and light a cigarette , play disinterested , and know very well what he 's do . ( continued ) 29 30 31 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 14 . continued : 29 nizar take out a dvd from a fold dirty envelope . ( perhaps play this 0.s . ) nizar do you have a computer ? ext . hoffman' dock ( virginia ) - predawn 30 hoffman , bowl of cornflake in hand , contemplate he small yacht . a line on he phone ring . hoffman yup . intercut : ext . villa / int . ferris 's parked renault 31 a laptop screen : a video of a man sit on a prayer rug in a nondescript room . ferris I get a iraqi walk - in , up near samarra . he 's get a communique video somebody walk across the iranian border . I be watch it . it 's Al - saleem . hoffman can you see he face ? hoffman walk back to he house . ferris yes . I be look at the white whale , Captain . hoffman what 's he say ? back with ferris the man in the video speak in Arabic to the camera . ferris well , it must be current . he mention the Sheffield bus bomb a week ago ... he 's tell the brother to prepare for UK operation already plan . ( more ) ( continued ) 31 32 33 continued : chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 15 . 31 ferris ( cont 'd ) that would be about the bombing he people fuck up in Manchester this morning . ( translate ) we will avenge the America Wars on the Muslim world . we will come at they everywhere . we will strike at random , across Europe and then America , continually . we have ble . now they will bleed . and bleed . until they be ble out . CUT back to : ext . hoffman 's porch ( virginia ) - predawn 32 hoffman' wife look fuzzy - brain , fuzzy pink robe and slipper from the house porch . she go . hoffman' wife it 's 4 a.m. , what be you do ? hoffman save civilization . ( sotto ) shut the fuck up . hoffman enter the house . back with ferris 33 we see Al - ferris the disk be pass from hand to hand . the communique be not transmit , not copy . nizar say real order be verbal , or in code , on paper . ( back up video ) at the end he repeat five word . a code ... saleem close say the Arabic noun for '' Mountain , '' '' razor , '' '' fruit , '' '' one , '' '' Seven . '' hoffman any indication where he be ? ferris maybe . my guy , nizar , have not get he location , but there 's shitty raise - print victorian wallpaper --. anaglypta ... he 's maybe in England ... ( continued ) 33 34 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 16 . continued : 33 hoffman have bassam upload the fucker now . int . hoffman' kitchen - predawn 34 hoffman pour coffee then encounter a sleep - walk young son and steer he to the toilet . ferris they be kill anyone who know anything . he 's scared . we need to debrief he very carefully . hoffman so do it . ferris in the States . hoffman no . ferris I think he have a lot more , Ed ... hoffman he do not . milk he now , on site , and cut he loose . ferris they be already on to he . that 's why he 's run . hoffman angle he young son 's shoulder to keep he from pee on the floor in he sleep -- hoffman he want to go to the US in one piece rather than to paradise ina hundred ? he should have think of that before . fuck he . ferris they will , Ed . they will kill he . hoffman all right and if they do , we can see who pull the trigger . be I miss the point ? ( to he son ) night night , timmy , dada 's work . ( more ) ( continued ) 34 35 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 17 . continued : 34 hoffman ( cont 'd ) ( to ferris ) he 's the enemy . he deserve nothing . ferris I already offer he asylum . hoffman you lie . and not for the first time . put he back on the street . back to ferris 35 do not like it , but he know it 's right . through the dirty window he see -- nizar , out in the sun , hint of a relieved smile on he face , take a cigarette from bassam . ferris hang up and pocket the phone . walk outside . ext . car ferris nizar . I have a few more question . nizar no more question here . take I to the Green Zone . ferris say nothing ... and nizar 's hopeful smile fade . nizar but they will kill I . still nothing from ferris . nizar attack he . ferris hurl he onto the dirt , then slam he into a wall as he rise . nizar start laugh and cry at once . nizar you want to see who kill I . I talk to you and that 's all you want . I do not want to die . ferris it 's worse , nizar . you have see my face . you know what that mean . nizar Guantanamo ? you threaten I with Guantanamo ? ( continued ) 35 36 37 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 18 . continued : 35 nizar spit . that 's what he think about Guantanamo . ferris ( Arabic ) no . if you do not do what I say , I 'o 1l execute you right here . give I you phone . nizar stare at he . then do as he 's tell . ferris hand the phone to bassam , the spark of the operation , who inspect the bottom of the phone , find the right connector in he kit , and connect it to he laptop . bassam hack the phone . ferris do not worry , we will be watch you . protect you . nizar ( laugh painfully ) you can not even protect yourselves ! ferris tell I everything or you get nothing . CUT to : laptop screen as information upload from nizar 's phone . ext . samarra —- morning 36 nizar , hollow - eye , come out of a mosque courtyard , push he mope , and move through the thronge street . bassam they be already on he . bassam , look like a ordinary unemployed iraqi , plug of he cell in he ear , be in position at a cafe . ferris on the opposite side of the street . both see hard - face guy monitoring bassam . ferris I see they . from above - predator -view 37 the narrow street in deep , complicated shadow . 38 39 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 19 . int . CIA predator control room - day 38 hoffman be watch on a monitor . nizar go into shadow . hoffman why they can not do this shit at noon be what I want to know ... ext . samarra — day 39 the aq guy be move through the roof . another be watch as nizar put he bike on its kickstand and go to a kiosk cut in a hovel and come out unwrap cigarettes . he put one in he mouth and light it and start push he bike again . the aq guy pick up the pace to intercept he . into he phone mic -- bassam I can not move . they 's 1ll see I . too many guy watch for just such a action , bassam stay glue to the spot , watch the inevitable . ferris , too , watch nizar , hat himself ... and now , nizar see the man approach he , one with a AK wrap in a towel . nizar run , pull a pistol , a terrible weapon with a tape handle . as he turn to defend himself , the guy , shouting , open fire massively , with horrific civilian casualty ... nizar , hit deliberately in the leg , fall into the dust along with he pistol . as he reach for it , it 's snatch away ... bassam stare . a iraqi army armore vehicle be try to come through the crowd 50 - yard away , blow a klaxon ... ferris fight through the crowd toward nizar who 's lie on the ground , still alive . as he 's pick up like a doll -- leg break , call for help , struggle -- and lift toward the back of a open Jeep , bassam intercept ferris , drag at he . sotto voce , Arabic : bassam boss , we gotta go . we lose he . we gotta go , man , we gotta go . ferris look towards the iraqi armored vehicle , come closer . look around at the crowd : no one watch he . everyone run . ( continued ) 39 40 41 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 20 . continued : 39 ferris fade back into a deep doorway , take out he pistol , wait for the gap , and at thirty foot , fire through the chaos , hit nizar in the head , and the gap in the crowd close ... ferris and bassam move slowly down a alley , then run ... int . CIA predator control room - day 40 bad predator cam picture of this event : all either in shadow or chaos . they can barely tell what happen . technician pull up less - than -useful image of the hit squad , the car they pile into , the car drive away . on another screen , a download of nizar 's al-saleem dvd replay . Translators ( serious young man ) watch , write on pad , argue about a word . translator he say ' kelba . 't no , he do not , ( etc . ) into he bluetooth headset -- ferris I execute he . hoffman you do , and if you have not , he have be describe you down to you eyebrow to they right now . he be go to get kill no matter what he do . you know , we all fuckin’ die . older I get I be convinced it do not matter how . I be fuck , you be fuck , he 's fuck , everybody 's fuck . he 's just the one who be fuck today . and he be dry . intercut : ext . bassam 's apartment —- balcony 4l ferris , sweaty , dirty , on the balcony of bassam ’'s apartment . bassam sit near he , shook up . nothing from ferris . behind he in the apartment bassam 's wife feed the baby , unaware of any drama . ( continued ) 41 42 42a chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 21 . continued : 41 hoffman be you silence suppose to say something ? this be war . you pal , who I guess you have some kind of intense cross - cultural eye - contact with , be a terrorist a- hole who at he apex , be a coward who want to go to disneyland . ferris I be go north now . hoffman you be go nowhere . you be blow . there 's chatter ... ferris if I be blow , Ed , they be go to be destroy the safehouse . you should have send a team there the minute nizar be shot . you do not send one , do you ? ferris hang up . he look fiercely at bassam . hoffman not since we have be talk . ferris ? ext . a ridgeline in the iraqi desert - day 42 ferris , atop a ridgeline , peer through binocular at : a house in the middle distance , like a fortify villa . some outbuilding , dead vehicle . a small fire burn behind a kitchen door where a rifle -slung man tip thing into it : disk , notebook , papers ... ext . the villa - moment later 42a the man at the fire look up at a djellabah - clad figure walk down the hill toward he . ( continued ) 42a 43 44 45 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 22 . continued : 42a ferris ( in Arabic ) friend . I need help . the man at the fire unshoulder he rifle and yell at the robe figure to stop . ferris keep walk . ferris ( in Arabic ) my car break down on the road just there . another armed man carry a box of cell phone to be destroy come out the kitchen doorway and ferris have to do it now : pull a pistol from under he djellabah and shoot the first man , then the one with the box as he drop it and unsling he rifle -- int . the renault - continuous action 43 bassam , hearing the distant shot , peer through binocular at ferris run toward the fire . into he bluetooth -- bassam urgent request you dispatch chili , speck , or nitrate to this coordinate . ( give they ) this be a live target , a know operate base of a Al - saleem cell . int . a room at balad airbase - continuous action 44 real-time image from the three predator cover Iraq . a young sergeant wear a headset move a joystick . latitude and longitude number alter . a captain watch . captain ( ad - lib ) High value target ... ext . the villa - continuous action 45 the second man shot crawl back into the building , leg not work , as a now - frantic ferris arrive and kick at the stuff burn in the fire : cell phone , digital camera , memory stick -- then turn to the kitchen door and go in -- 46 47 48 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 23 . int . the villa - continuous action 46 the man have die in the filthy kitchen . fly be already find he blood , which be all over the tile . ferris move past he into the live area . mattress , a wretch tv , pile of porn tape . he find a bunch of phone , SIM card , flashdrive in a shoebox . as he claw they into he pocket , he turn to see a unarm boy in the doorway . some sort of servant of the jihadist . infect sore at the corner of he mouth . ferris be aim the carbine at he . ferris ( in Arabic ) get out . the boy scramble out . ferris move into another room , and see : int . the villa - another room - continuous action 47 a man frozen in place , gun in hand , not raise , above a trip line lead to a nail bomb not completely conceal under a blanket . ferris rip he with a automatic burst , then spin in to cover behind the wall as the man fall across the trip -wire . a explosion of shrapnel rock the place , blow hole in the cinder - block . ferris , head ringing , choke on dust , scramble to scrape more SIM card off a table , look through a window and see two car churn up the dust , head for the house , and bassam drive up by the kitchen door . ferris grab a few more thing near the fire , shove they into a plastic grocery bag , and jump into the car . int . the renault - continuous action 48 bassam hit the gas . the car race up the rutte road , the chase car after they . ahead , ferris see : a yellow chevy , wait on the shoulder of the main road . ferris take out he pistol , cock it , hold it in he lap . they be near the intersection . ferris turn ! as the renault speed past , ferris shoot the driver of the yellow chevy , blow out the chevy 's window . 49 50 51 52 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 24 . ext . / int . the renault - continuous action 49 the renault burst onto the road , barely miss a dump truck , which , for its part , intersect with a burst of automatic fire mean for the renault . bassam straighten out ... ferris have buy time as the chevy 's bloody driver be replace . the chevy give chase again , follow by the other chase car , burst from the dirt road . with a very brief lead , ferris be on the phone ... ferris we be in some serious fuck trouble here on highway 1 . we be south of samarra , a green renault , be pursue by two car . the lead chase car be a yellow chevy . I have get all sort of critical intel in the vehicle ... ferris see in the side mirror : a man aim a rpg out the windshield - less chevy -- ferris get around they ! the car in front of they . bassam swerve , try to get past on the shoulder , but it 's no good . the chevy close -- bassam 's car slide , and the rpg be fire -- ext . / int . the renault - continuous action 50 the rocket broadside the renault 's driver 's side door . the window implode , ferris 's face and T-shirt splash with blood , pepper with shrapnel . bassam , take the full impact of the blast be ... go ... blow apart -- there 's no one where he just be drive . int . / ext . the renault - continuous action 51 ferris grab at the steering wheel , but he hand slip on the blood cover it , and the car somersault across a irrigation ditch and into the desert , flipping onto its roof , huge volume of dirt plow into the interior of the shattered car . intercut : omitted 52 53 54 55 56 57 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 25 . ext . a ridgeline in the iraqi desert - day 53 a blackhawk come up over the ridgeline , orient itself , and fire a cannon , blow the chevy to piece , shrapnel hit the second chase car -- int . the renault - day 54 ferris lie upside down , hold by the seat belt , lacerate with bit of shrapnel and glass , blood trickle , cover with dirt , try to reach for he drop pistol ... on SOUND we hear : helicopter rotors . ext . road near jihadist 's villa - day 55 the second car and armed man try to get out of it be tear to piece by another cannon from the blackhawk . it then wheel and finish off the yellow chevy . ext . road near jihadist 's villa - day 56 a second blackhawk land a special force team which instantly set up a perimeter , while a medic head for the car , he helmete head appear at ferris 's window . medic can you hear I ? sir? Sir ? only barely . the voice be muffle and ferris can not answer . dangle upside down , he stare at the bloody driver 's seat where bassam use to be . medic let 's get he out , out , out . ferris be drag out . rushed to the chopper through the swirl dust as the second blackhawk keep circle above . as they lay he inside , he close he eye ... a trill of arab music , distorting , hallucinatory , opiate ... omitted 57 ( continued ) 58 59 60 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 26 . continued : fade in : hallucination 58 a elderly iraqi woman hold out a yellow blossom and be obliterate by a explosion . the cricket bat with fleck of blood on it . it slice down again , strike someone o.s. -- int . US base ( qatar ) —- emergency BAY - day 59 ferris 's hearing be shot . everything muffle as he stare up at a figure silhouett against bright light -- two voice what be you name ? the figure be either a doctor or a torturer ; ferris can not be sure which . doctor / torturer do you know where you be ? the figure pluck piece of shrapnel out of ferris 's face , neck , arm and chest with surgical tweezers . some , when they be drop on a tray , make a metallic clink , but most do not : the one that be white and splinter . ferris what be that ? doctor bone fragment ... not yours . not ferris '. bassam 's . ext . military base ( qatar ) - day 60 ferris 's wound have be clean and dress . he 's not that bad off consider , sit outside a barrack with a Coke , watch a guy approach with a cell phone . ferris where 's the stuff I have ? agent all upload to langley . ( hand ferris the phone ) hoffman . ( continued ) 60 61 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 27 . continued : 60 hoffman ( v.o. ) ferris ? Christmas come early , buddy . ferris be barely capable of speak to hoffman . ferris ( hat hoffman ) what would I get for Christmas , Ed ? intercut : int . CIA ( langley , VA ) 61 hoffman be look at recent surveillance picture of a safehouse in a lively lower - middle class neighborhood in Amman . hoffman a safehouse in Amman , among other thing . jihadist come and go like it 's a student hostel . look at this fuckin’ place . photo of man go in and come out . play dominos at a cafe . no beard or any other sign they be anything other than secular student . but they be not . hoffman intently regards one photo like he vaguely recognize someone ( mustafa karami ) . the Al - saleem dvd play silently on another screen . ferris what be you do for bassam 's family ? hoffman I do not know he . what be you do for bassam 's family ? he be you guy . ferris unable to listen to this hang up the phone and hand it back to the other agent . two second later it ring again and the guy hand it back to ferris . hoffman continue as if ferris have not hang up on he -- hoffman you be go to Amman as acting Station Chief . you ’1ll outrank holiday . you be the show-runner . ferris see a sliver of bone the Doctor miss in he arm and pull it out . ( continued ) 61 62 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 28 . continued : 61 hoffman you will liaise with jordanian gid , who be as hot for Al - saleem as we be , work with a man name hani salaam , who be not you usual raghead fingernail - puller . hani 's a pro . ferris be I share information with he ? hoffman let I say this about that : no . you want to take a few week off , bang the wife ? ferris I be get a divorce , Ed , you know that . you know more about it than I do . hoffman so you will go to Amman ? ferris dig a small hole in the dust , put the bone fragment in , and cover it . ferris I 'il go to Amman . ext . cafe ( baghdad ) - day 62 bassam 's wife , in mourn clothes , sit with ferris , she 2 - year - old daughter asleep in a stroller next to she . in Arabic , subtitle , resign to this fact : bassam' wife there can be no funeral . no burial . no cleanse of the body ... because there be no body . ferris nod ; he know this be the way it be with Muslim death rite . awkward silence before -- ( continued ) 62 63 64 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 29 . continued : 62 ferris I want to help . bassam' wife what can anyone do ? there 's one thing perhaps : ferris set a envelope on the table that be thick with cash , and bassam 's wife be suddenly very nervous -- bassam' wife no , no , no -- ferris please take it . I be sorry it 's not more . ( as she 's look around anxiously ) no one 's watch . no one will know where it come from . do not be afraid . but she be afraid , whether anyone be watch or not . ferris try to push the envelope closer to she , but she get up , terrify of he , and hurry away , push the stroller , leave he alone at the table ... omitted 63 int . car ( amman ) - moving - day 64 ferris be sit shotgun with arab -american kid from the embassy in a old diesel mercede , suitcase in back . ferris awkwardly ice he knee , in pain . ferris we can not afford better than this ? skip I bring this car in case you want to cruise the safehouse before . ferris no one ' cruise 's that safehouse ! what I want be a shave and a clean shirt . where 's my apartment ? skip you be in a high-rise . hot and cold water , plus you can drink it . not much local color though . ( continued ) 64 64a 65 66 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 30 . continued : 64 ferris I have have it with local color . skip exterminate the brute ? ferris look at he . ferris I be glad you be literate . but you be not very bright . unless that 's embassy security we have a gid tail . or worse . still want to ' cruise 's the safehouse ? behind they , a black suv follow . skip look alarmed . ferris just fuckin’ drive . int . ferris 's apartment ( amman ) - day 64a ferris look through the gleam , modern , well - furnish apartment . alienate . he plug in he blackberry . the instant it get coverage , it ring . the name come up on the screen : gretchen . he press '' ignore , '' and the ringing stop . he go and look at himself in the mirror . begins to shave . ext . US embassy ( amman ) - day ( later ) 65 a little fortress in the abdoun neighborhood , guard by US marine and jordanian special force . sandbagge and ringed by troops and protester , it look like the embassy of a nation under siege , which be what it be . int . embassy basement operation room - day 66 on the '' media wall , '' a barrage of surveillance image of the safehouse . Arabs come and go . wary man in sunglass . thing be carry in . carry out . a sequence of one man walk from safehouse to mosque . no particular individual see twice . holiday NSA be listen to all the phone and computer link of anyone who 's be near the house ... ( continued ) chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 31 . 66 continued : 66 ferris , clean -shaven , clean clothes , stand with holiday , the nominal head of station , twice ferris 's age . ferris that 's over with . it do not happen that way anymore . they might as well be listen to a seashell . ( beat ) you do not have to be a genius to stop use telephone and email when you be up against the NSA . but you do have to be pretty stupid not to have notice they do not communicate electronically anymore . holiday ( hold he temper ) the house be own by a family name alousi . in my opinion , it just seem like a normal jordanian family with a lot of country relative ... ferris yeah , and all of they unmarried man between 18 and 35 . holiday whatever information you get in Iraq , I just do not think this house be what you think it be . the young man in this house drink alcohol . ferris so do Mohammed Atta . it 's takfir methodology . they shave they beard , they drink liquor , they stuff dollar bill into g-string . get it ? it 's permit , to deceive the infidel . ( use a remote to scan digital pic ) you have get the guy go in and go out but who 's follow they when they leave ? holiday there 's so much activity at this ... location ... that we ... we have exhaust the station 's ... indigenous - appear manpower . ( continued ) 66 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 32 . continued : 66 ferris lean close to he . ferris you do not have any more arab guy to follow they guy . holiday ... right . ferris step away , control he temper , turn back . ferris we need human surveillance -- loaner from jordanian secret service . holiday Young man , let 's have a chat . ferris look at he interestedly . a '' chat '' ? certainly . holiday skip , get out . skip go out and look back in through the glass wall . holiday I be in receipt of a directive which tell I to make myself useful to you in any way you request or require . but my feel be that to involve the jordanian secret service be a break of operational integrity . ferris nod as if take it onboard . then : ferris I know about jordanian intelligence . they be better than we be . you have plenty of time to get on the same page and you be not on it . what I need you to do now , sir , be to leave the Operations room and hand you staff over to I . ( as holiday stare at he ) I 'o 1l have the Marines remove you . do you have to read the ' directive 's again , Mr. holiday ? holiday we have all watch you rise in the near East division . ( more ) ( continued ) 66 67 68 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 33 . continued : 66 holiday ( cont 'd ) I ’1ll see you on you way down . you and hoffman both . ferris when I hit bottom , you 's 1ll probably have the best seat in the house . holiday regards ferris a moment , then go . ferris shut the glass door and we see holiday look through it as if he 's just think of something to say . he go . ferris motion to skip , who enter the room . ferris I need some coffee and I need a full staff meeting in fifteen minute . skip to be fair to Mr. holiday , Mr. ferris , Mr. hoffman do not tell we this be such a big deal . ferris Ed hoffman be the head of the Middle East division , but still do not know shit until he steal it from the guy who do . do not be such a fuck ingenue . get I a appointment with hani salaam . ext . the gid complex ( amman ) - day 67 a complex fly the black flag of the moukhabarat , with Arabic script read '' justice have come . '' int . hani 's room - day 68 the long room be decorate with portrait of Jordan 's king and he father . hani be cool . lustrous black hair . bit of gray in he mustache . beautiful tailore , polished shoe . he 's Chief of Jordan 's gid -- General Intelligence Directorate . a ormolu clock tick . ferris hani pasha . hani that be a ottoman term . ferris but I have hear you like it . ( continued ) chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 34 . 68 continued : 68 hani how do you like Jordan ? ferris it be far from Damascus . hani smile and pour ferris a tea . hani you be smarter than the Americans who be usually send to Amman . ( ferris bristle slightly ) I know that , of course , before you come ... ( hand ferris the tea ) welcome to Jordan . a ' promise 's country , you will find . as reliable as what Edward would call a ' towelhead monarchy 's can be . and what have you hear about this building ? ( note -- let 's remember about ferris that he 's on he first big job with people of this caliber : but he 's get ball . ) ferris I have hear they call it the fingernail factory . ( as hani laugh out loud ) no one who know you call it that , certainly . hani you know , people be foolish . torture do not work . under torture any man will say any thing to make the pain stop . you know this from experience , I be sure . and hani be sure . he 's not use a turn of phrase . ferris do not answer . think about thing he 's do . thing we know about . thing we do not . they gravitate to the window where hani sip he tea , and : hani on a clear night you can see Jerusalem . ferris and how do you feel about that ? ( continued ) chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 35 . 68 continued : 68 a long beat , and hani refuse to give he opinion of Israel : hani on a clear night , you can see Jerusalem . ( turn more cheerfully ) here in Jordan we be catch between Iraq and a hard place . ( a beat ) to the fundamentalist I be myself a enemy . perhaps the worst . ( raise palm ) ) ' take not the Jews and Christians as ally ...’ do you know it , mister ferris ? ferris ( in Arabic ) ' , .. if any of you take they as ally , then surely he be one of they . 's ( back to English ) 5:51 . so , we be together , hani pasha , in the House of War . hani the dar al 's harb . ( a beat ) very good . you know we be at war . ferris I be here to win the war , hani pasha . hani how shall we begin , with such a immodest plan . silence . ferris commit . ferris there 's a large Al - saleem safehouse and training cell in Amman . I need you help with surveillance . if hani be surprised , he do not show it . will learn , never give away anything ... hani , ferris ( continued ) 68 69 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 36 . continued : 68 ferris this be what we know so far . he take a file out of he case and put it on hani 's desk . hani look at it , then at ferris . hani this be unusual . you Ed hoffman would rather have less information than share what he have with I . ferris I be in aamman now . it 's not Ed hoffman . it 's not my predecessor . it 's I . hani appraise ferris . slowly : hani I have one rule , my dear , if we be to cooperate : never lie to I . ferris nod , but hani , want more assurance , stare into he face : hani never -- lie -- to I . ferris nod again , gravely . he hear he . hani you will have you agent . ext . jebel hussein district ( amman ) - day 69 ferris , sit in a ratty vehicle at a edge of the marketplace , eat food from a stall , bit of fish and rice with a wooden paddle , stare through sunglass at : the safehouse : three storey of cinder - block in a row of other house . a woman in a black headscarf hang laundry on the roof . skip come through the crowd , get into the car . skip I be not sure about this gid surveillance . I do not see any of hani 's guy . ferris that two , sell radio . ( continued ) 69 70 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 37 . continued : 69 skip look and see : two jordanian guy sell box cheap radio off the back of a truck . they have a good position from which to observe the house . ferris there be at least four more move around as customer in the bazaar , and there 's one in the cafe . ( see something else ) what the fuck be this ... a jihadist sit down at a cafe table , order coffee and open a paperback . instantly a young palestinian man , zay ibishi , sit down with he , begin speak to he earnestly ... the jihadist look confuse , alarmed , get to he foot . as zay ibishi implore he to sit and as we be on Zay : skip that 's one of we guy . ferris what do you mean one of we guy ? skip a station asset . Zay ibishi . he 's one of we contact in the palestinian camp . zay follow the jihadist through the crowd and the jihadist be terrify , anxious to lose he : this be a security breach ! ferris Son of a bitch ! Fucking hoffman . ferris leap from the car and follow as fast as he can without be notice . the jihadist punch zay , knock he down , and run out of the square , go for the safehouse by a back route . int . CIA war room - continuous action 70 hoffman , headset on , turn from a live video of the market square and say very casually to no one : hoffman oops . 71 72 73 73a chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 38 . ext . a back STREET ( amman ) - continuous action 71 the back street get '' back street '' very quickly ... Music from house . barking dog . boy kick a soccer ball down the alley . ferris gain on the jihadist , who trot around a corner . ferris turn the corner and ... be cut at with a knife -- he shirt slashed open . jihadist ( in Arabic ) help ! help I ! ferris try to shush he , calm he down , though in truth he do come to kill he . a woman in a headscarf look out she doorway . a man in a singlet come chew to a window . ferris with regret but in two move disarm the jihadist , and then in a third move kill he with he own knife as the woman watch open-mouthed . ferris quickly take the dead man 's papers and wallet . boy gather at the end of the alley . ferris , trap , see a wall with break glass embed on top and go over it , cut he hand , drop into -- ext . a courtyard ( amman ) - continuous action - day 72 ferris be rush by two savage dog , big one , garbage eater . the only way out be back the way he come , over the wall , if he can make it in time . he jump up , grab hold of the break glass atop the wall as the dog clamp onto he ankle and foot . he kick they free , drop back down -- ext . other side of the courtyard ( amman ) - day 73 ferris hurry past the dead jihadist , emerge onto another street , limping along outlandishly , bleed . no one touch he . into he cell -- ferris get I now ... get I now ... behind the mosque ... fuckin’ disease dog . as we begin to hear jordanian police siren -- we see marwan , with a high - power rifle , retire from a roof parapet . omitted 73a 74 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 39 . int . clinic ( amman ) - day 74 ferris be sit in a hospital smock on a paper - cover exam table . the embassy doctor finish a quick exam . embassy doctor let 's get you clean up and jabbe . the raby situation around here be no joke . ferris barely nod , sit , consume with hatred for hoffman and regret for what he have do . he look around the clinic : Bright '' Medical '' cartoon for the american legation 's child . the food group , etc . he barely notice a new presence in the room though we see detail of aisha be hand - wash . a orderly come in with rabies vaccine which be set on a counter . carton with french marking . maybe just off a courier . ferris be aware of be touch , he wound wash , and iodine . almost like a autistic he manage to look up at : extraordinary eye above a pale blue disposable medical mask . the eye swerve at he : look back at he wound . she look at other more recent wound , burn , shrapnel : inventory they . she turn over he hand and look at the rip palm and than at ferris 's eye . aisha ( in Arabic ) this be not bite wound . ferris of course cannot answer . there be a murder be look at by jordanian police . ferris ( in Arabic ) no . she 's not go to get anything else out of he . she take one of he hand and begin clean the cut with antiseptic pad ... ferris you be iranian . eye . no answer . ( continued ) 74 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 40 . continued : 74 ferris ( embarrassed and surprised that he nearly begin a conversation ) you accent ... aisha open the carton , get a ampule , prepare a injection ... and turn with a giant needle . aisha I be iranian . I live now in Amman . after a moment in which she seem to be measure the depth of he personal pain , she stab the needle into he stomach . with the needle still in : ferris na Persian Heaven 's easily make -- ' tis but black eye and lemonade . 's aisha seem to smile . aisha that 's Byron ... be you a romantic traveler ? ferris there be a lot of thing I be , that I be not , anymore . her eye . she dispose of the needle . a bit discomfite : aisha the doctor tell you this be the first ... be you listen ? of five injection you will need over the next month . you will come here . ferris we be do ? aisha done . and that 's it . she go through the hang curtain , never have remove she mask . ferris , notice he wedding ring , regret that he have it on , reach for he clothing . 74a 75 76 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 4l. int . the embassy clinic - moment later 74 a ferris , dress , move down a little hallway , and hearing run water , glance through a door and see : aisha , wash she hand . she have remove she mask . they look at each other . she get it . he get it . ferris ( in Arabic ) thank you . aisha ( in Arabic ) you be welcome . ferris linger . but if there be ever a time to blow a moment to talk to a woman , this be it . he limp on . int . US embassy ( amman ) - day 75 a phone line hold . skip give a sign through the glass wall and ferris grab up the handset . ferris ( viciously ) you fuck cocksucker . I can not run a operation with you run a side operation that fuck up mine . you want I to run Amman , I run Amman . I have make promise to hani salaam . ext . preschool ( virginia ) - day 76 hoffman , somewhat distract , drop he son off at preschool , eyeing the other kid 's mother . hoffman uh-huh . promise ... what 's you point ? ( off , to he son ) bye , bye . say bye , bye -- ferris my ' point 's be , have meet hani , I can tell you we can not do this kind of thing -- we have to respect he . ( continued ) 76 77 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 42 . continued : 76 hoffman I respect he . hani 's the best liar I have ever meet -- play a good game of tennis -- and he can drink like a regular white man . I respect the shit out of hani . ferris we can not ask he for he help and then fuck everything up put you guy where they do not belong . the other embassy guy present glance at each other ; no one talk to Ed hoffman this way . ferris if you fuck around , you will blow Amman , this motherfucker will vacate they only know safehouse , and we will never see they again , ed. ever . hoffman you know I . I like to run plan a and plan B simultaneously . just try to back you up , buddy . it 's a dangerous world . ferris do not . I do not need it . hoffman whatever . skip , on another phone , mouth , '' hani . '' ferris now I have get to talk to hani . fuck you . ferris press a button on the embassy phone . ed hoffman look at the phone in he hand . int . the gid complex ( amman ) - day 77 hani and ferris be walk along a basement corridor . hani the safehouse be still there . as for the man you kill ... ferris look at hani . ( continued ) 77 tia chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 43 . continued : 77 hani if you have not kill he , marwan would have . you be right . you make a good decision . listen to you ustaaz hani . the jihadist believe it be a robbery . there be many robbery in that district . you be very clever , my dear . ferris hoffman can not help himself ... hani I have speak to Edward , very sharply . now , we will explain the King 's espionage law to Mr. hoffman 's agent . through a window at gid : we and ferris see zay ibishi wait terrify in a cell . jiayed 's pant be pull down and he wrist be cuffed to a table . marwan bend a rattan to prepare it , break it into sharp crackle strip . ferris I think you do not believe in torture , hani pasha . hani this be punishment , my dear . a entirely different matter . tell Edward what you have see . marwan start in with a hundred of the best . int . ferris 's apartment ( amman ) - night tia ferris be in bed , he leg iced . he use the remote to switch off the tv , the light . then he silence cell phone light up . he look at the caller id , hesitates , then open it . no sound other than heavy breathe . ferris gretchen ... what do you want ? gretchen ( v.o. ) I want you to fuck I . ferris ( impressed ) from here ? ( continued ) tia 78 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 44 , continued : tia gretchen ( v.o. ) you can always try , honey ... I be so , fuck , hot ... ferris this phone be tapped , gretchen . why do not you say hello to Ed hoffman , the moukhbaharat , the mossad ... gretchen ( v.o. ) I do not care ... let they listen . I be take my panty off now ... ferris well , let you lawyer wear they on he head at he next court appearance . gretchen ( v.o. ) do not embarrass I , Roger . ferris look , I really admire what you have do with yourself in DC , at State ... you whole deal in Washington ... I just do not want any part of it . gretchen ( v.o. ) I do not want a divorce . I just want a change ... ferris I want a change , too . I want to be the guy with a divorce . you do not love I , I do not love you ... you just do not want to bother look for another husband . sorry . he hang up . ext . amsterdam —- day 78 a chinese tourist , digital camera in hand , move among the crowd at albert cuyp market . he pause at a souvenir stand . regards a neat row of replica of windmills in ascend size . pick one up and turn it over to check the price and discuss it with he wife . he set it back down and move with he wife toward a more crowded stall sell knock - off leather goods . stare blankly at the merchandise . ( continued ) 78 79 80 81 82 82a chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 45 . continued : 78 as he take out a handkerchief and wipe he brow , the sound all around he begin to fade . then silence . and a blast of white light as he disappear -- int . hani 's apartment — ( amman ) - morning 79 a bedroom , where hani watch tv as he wife brushes she tooth in the bathroom . the tv show image of the Amsterdam bombing capture by security camera ... int . ferris 's apartment ( amman ) - morning 80 pull back to reveal we be in another apartment . ferris sit on the edge of he bed , drink in hand , ice on he leg ... the same news report on tv ... the report 81 cut to the aftermath of the bombing : image of bloody tourist carry to ambulance , sit stunne on curb , zipped into body bag . and -- int . al - saleem 's apartment ( england ) - day 82 we be in a middle - class apartment , where al- saleem sit on a couch with a napping child , hand rest protectively on the child 's side , watch the same news report on a tv . behind he , he wife clear plate from the dinner table ... ext . ferris 's apartment ( amman ) - day 82a as ferris emerge from the front door , sunglass on ... hani 's bodyguard , marwan ( a street thug ) , hold open the back door of a black mercede . Three more just like it be line up and idling . ferris look into hani 's car . ferris where be we go ? hani fishing . hani be immaculate in a black suit . ferris I see you be dress for it . ( continued ) chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 82a continued : hani get in . 83 omitted 84 ext . a desert highway - day the four black mercede scream across the desert . there 's no water for hundred of mile . 85 int . the gid mercede - moving - day 46 . 82 a 83 84 85 hani be in the back with ferris . marwan sit in front with the driver . hani since no credit be claim in Amsterdam , we know it be Al - saleem . that 's he signature . anonymity . we -- may I say ' we 's ? -- ferris you may . as long as we be not include hoffman -- hani -- need a man inside the Amman cell . ferris ( look at he ) we do . hani we shall have the man we need . ferris 's look say to he , '' seriously ? '' hani nod . hani you give I one . ferris ( genuinely curious ) how ? 85a flashback —- the photo of karami 85 a in hani 's office , in hani 's hand . and ferris watch he look at it ... 86 87 88 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 47 . flashback - ext . STREET ( amman ) - earlier today 86 karami enter the back room of a cafe through a bead curtain , be seize violently . back to scene 87 hani I have know mustafa karami since he be a teenager sell steal boombox from the back of a truck . now he 's aq . in my country . hani light a sherman with a beautiful gold lighter etched with sword and he initial . hani watch and learn , my dear . we see the eye of hani 's driver glance up in the rearview mirror . ext . desert hardpan - day 88 mustafa karami , a black bag over he head , kneel in the dust , hand tie , while around he stand gid man , talk , smoking . nearby be a suv with a old bicycle on top . hani 's caravan of mercede move into a half circle , dust blow , make a little amphitheater . hani and ferris and security man get out , all in sunglass . hani 's fine shoe step through the sand towards karami . ferris watch as he crouch before the blindfolded man . in Arabic , subtitle : hani hello , mustafa , my friend . it 's I . God be great . karami what do you want ! silence . hani you do not think to tell hani salaam that you be a jihadist ? silence . karami be terrify . ( continued ) 88 continued : chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 48 . 88 hani you have become a religious man . a pious man . no longer a thief . you have bad luck in the world . it be so with many religious . or perhaps you be still not so pious . but you still love you mother ... marwan cut the bond on karami 's wrist . a significant act . the tremble hand , freed . hani crouch , and gently : hani I have someone who want to talk to you . take this phone . please . it be only a phone . take it . ( put it in karami 's hand ) take the phone and talk to you mother . I will dial the phone . you mother have a new telephone number , in she new apartment . karami take the phone . hani walk back to ferris . while karami talk on the cell in the middle distance : ferris be hani his mother be in the palestinian camp . now she have a fine apartment . a garden ... beginning to smile . ferris which karami buy she ? hani she will tell he that she be proud of he . that she always know he would be a success , even as a little boy in the refugee camp . and now he have send she money , she be glad he be no longer mix up with the radical . ferris grin . we can tinnily hear karami 's mother , a voluble woman , go on and on , not realize that she son be in the desert with a bag on he head . hani she can sit in a chair and watch the sun set over the hill . she have a refrigerator , a couch . ( more ) ( continued ) 88 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 49 , continued : 88 hani ( cont 'd ) even a television set . he be a great son , thanks to God . karami be cry . karami Goodbye , mother , goodbye . hand over the phone to a gid man , who turn it off . hani reapproach he , gesture to a gid man who bring hani a fold chair , swat dust off of it with a handkerchief . hani sit elegantly . subtitles : hani you be God 's bless to you mother , mustafa . you do none of that thing for she . but you should have . a mother , and that she should live in peace , be more important than anything they have tell you . in the future you will be better . we have give she many gift and we have tell she this gift come from she son . this be a hasanna we have do . a good deed . the bag be remove from karami 's head . karami what do you want I to do ? hani continue you life ! be a good Muslim ! do not be detect as my friend . you know what happen to that who be detect . karami and what else ? hani we will think of it in time . continue you life , with you brother in Al quaeda . we will devise a way to talk . mustafa embrace hani 's leg . karami thanks be to God . hani raise karami to he foot and kiss both cheek . ferris watch : a masterpiece . ( continued ) 88 89 90 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 50 . continued : 88 the gid thug put the shaking karami back in the suv with the bike tie to the top . speed off . hani so we throw he back in the sea to swim where he naturally swim and learn what he naturally learn , and see how long he remember my benevolence . ferris and if he forget ? hani if he forget , I remind he I hold the power of life and death over he . anytime I wish I can let they know he work for I . hani look around at he guy . hani do we bring anything to eat ? ext . nightclub ( munich ) - night 89 a hipster place . electroclash music pound at the wall from inside , spilling out with german post - punk onto the sidewalk . a car park nearby . two shaven Turks in sunglass , young man who could easily be from the club . but , as they get out of the car we see one have wet he pants . the other one take out a cell phone as they come past the club . when they reach the corner he consult number scribble on a piece of paper and press they into the phone ... but nothing happen . he try again ... they start back toward the club and the van , the Turk look at the single reception bar on he phone as he keep press the '' resend button . '' suddenly , he get 4 bar and the car detonate -- and -- a cctv camera 's view of the huge explosion white out , then go to black ... ext . / int . ferris 's apartment ( amman ) - night 90 ferris , back from work at the embassy ( different clothes from he excursion with hani -- we may want to insert a bit of ferris watch the bombing at work ) climb from he car and head for he apartment , phone earpiece in -- ( continued ) 90 continued : chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 51 . 90 hoffman ( v.o. ) so tell I about karami . ferris who ? hoffman ( v.o. ) hani 's guy . karami . what do you think I do in my spare time , play tennis ? I be in the CIA . I be the CIA . Fucking salaam - salaam amateur hour be over . Europe 's have the shit blow out of it . ferris unlock the outside gate of he building and climb interior stair . ferris it 's not go to happen , Ed . hoffman ( v.o. ) yes , it be . you know why ? because otherwise I ’1ll be unhappy . ferris you 'il be unhappy and he 'il say , ma’alesh . hoffman ( v.o. ) what 's that mean ? ferris too fuckin’ bad . hoffman ( v.o. ) there 's a bomb every two day . we need result now . ferris you need the appearance of result . hoffman ( v.o. ) yes ido . yes I do . let 's live in the real world and say yes I do . what be this ? decaf ? be you kid I ? ferris come down the corridor past other apartment door . ferris hani do not trust you . Arabs help you because they trust you . ( more ) ( continued ) 90 91 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 52 . continued : 90 ferris ( cont 'd ) they 'il do everything for a friend and nothing for someone who treat they with disrespect . hoffman ( v.o. ) what be you , move here ? I do not care about towelhead insecurity issue . ferris who do you have on hani 's team , Ed ? hoffman ma’alesh . who pay the heating bill for jordanian Intelligence ? ferris find he apartment door open a crack , and hoffman be voice split into two voice out of sync -- hoffman ( 0.s. ) we will let hani do he bit . I just want to give he a little help . he will thank I for it in the long run . ferris find hoffman stand in he kitchen , phone in one hand , empty french press carafe in the other . hoffman good . you be home . here . make some coffee . you ought to have a Mr. coffee like a human be . he hand ferris the carafe and wander into the other room to switch on the news . ext . / int . the gid complex ( amman ) - day 91 a armore US embassy car be wave onto the complex . Inside , in back , hoffman drink from a travel cup -- hoffman in the word of the great Sam snead , ' if you be not think about pussy , you be just not concentrate .' ( grin and add ) ' my dear . 's +e 92 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 53 . int . hani be office - day 92 hoffman , ferris , hani , the stare marwan and tea service . hoffman I want a piece of the guy you have get in the Amman cell . hani look at ferris . then back at hoffman . hoffman to clear the young man , here , he tell I zip . the jihadist do not use cell phone , hani . you do . smile . hoffman do not say no before I say anything . let I say what I have to say . hani say nothing . hoffman thank you . you have do a hell of a job develop this guy , kitami , kabami ... hani karami . hoffman it 's just nifty . but I be frustrated . hani why be you frustrated , Edward ? hoffman I be frustrated because you put I in a pickle , hani . there be guy out there riding the Milan sleeper with polonium in a fuck coffee can . there 's a bomb every other goddamn day . there be urgency . ( continued ) 92 continued : chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 54 . 92 hani urgency do not call for change method which work , for method which do not work . hoffman who do you think pay the bill here , hani ? I have hate to have the President call the King . hani in matter of intelligence , you be speak to the King . Edward . hoffman I still want some control . asa special favor to the United States . hani you can not have it . I be sorry . I could tell you we will run he jointly , but it would not be the truth . Real intelligence operation stay secret forever . you Americans can not understand that . you be incapable of secrecy , because you be a democracy . I know my business and have never fail you in the past . have I . hoffman no , this be the first time . ferris watch they , and the impasse between they . be the conversation over , or only about to get tougher ... hani karami be my asset , Edward . I intend to keep he that way . hoffman ( have have enough ) you think you be the only guy who know anything and that be not true , hani . you boy karami ? he have a cousin who 's up in France on a Saudi passport , right now . I need to know what he 's do there before he make Paris uninhabitable for the next five hundred fuck year . and maybe karami know . hence , my ' urgency . 's ( continued ) a 92 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 54a . continued : 92 hani you be miss the point . karami would not know where he be . ( more ) ( continued ) 92 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 55 . continued : 92 hani ( cont 'd ) it be not the way the organization operate . you care about the french ? hoffman not necessarily , but I would not mind take the kid there without wear a radiation suit . hani I nil ask he what he know -- when it be time . I agree , Ed , to ask he you superfluous question . be you happy ? angry , take a file from he briefcase . set a picture down on the table : a arab man in a knitted prayer cap . hoffman you may have invent algebra but we be the one figure out what the fuck to do with it . know what this be ? hani it 's a recent photograph of Al - saleem . ferris look at the picture then at hoffman . hoffman from a fake yemeni passport . he get in and out of the UK on that . I be sure he 's get another one now , but you do not have that , do you . he grin smugly at hani , who just calmly sip he tea . hoffman well , you keep it , hani . because we be partner . I keep my side of the bargain . now , you give I karami . hani ma’alesh . ferris look at Ed . ferris too fuckin’ bad . * 93 93a chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 56 . int . the embassy car leaving the gid compound - day 93 in the back of the car , hoffman slip he sunglass on . ferris still think about pussy , Ed ? hoffman do not be a smart ass . I be not through . hani 's bright but he 's also arrogant and that 's go to be he undoing . ferris you be talk about he . hoffman fuck you . ferris I could have use new intel on al - saleen too , Ed . you be hold back from I ? what else be you hold back ? hoffman more than I tell he , I '11l tell you that . we know where al - saleen be from , for one thing . he 's a syrian , from hama . his real name , not that he 's use it for year , be Karim Al - sham - int . mosque ( undisclosed location ) - tight on 93a al - saleem 's face - day somewhere -- as it rise up from prayer . as he bow a second time , we begin to pull back , revealing other praying man on either side of he . hoffman ( v.o. ) his family be kill by hafez Assad . he go to live in Saudi Arabia . he study engineering and physics in riyadh , then here in Amman , post - graduate at the University of North Carolina ... man be a tarheel ... still pulling back reveal Al - saleem to be among a thousand devout man praying on the floor of a huge mosque ... ( continued ) + * #** + % + * + eh HH 93a 94 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 57 . continued : 93a hoffman ( v.o. ) and , we find document in Afghanistan that show he experiment in considerable detail with nuclear and biological device , so he be not fuck around . I be hearing now he 's in Italy . it isn't italy -- it 's closer than Italy -- and we can see that as al- saleem and the hundred of other man file out of the mosque and into the street , many of they -- but not al - saleem -- resume they life on cell phone . back to the embassy car : 94 ferris ed? hoffman yes ? ferris do not do anything about karami . do not try to flip he . hani will throw I out of the country . nothing from hoffman . ferris wait . eventually - hoffman Fine . now that I be sensitive to the situation . but listen to I . because I can see what 's develop between you two love bird : you can not trust he . hoffman be serious and wait for a nod from ferris . hoffman now can we get drunk so I can sleep on the flight back ? I have to take the kid to '' the lion King '' . do not ever have kid . I be serious . ( continued ) + fh F fh fh a 94 95 96 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 58 . continued : 94 ferris do not touch karami , ed. hoffman never . ext . street near soccer field - day 95 mustafa karami be head somewhere , presumably away from the safehouse . as he enter a narrow alley : watch he be skip , sit behind the wheel of a mud - cake car , cord dangle from he ear . skip all right , here we go . take he . as karami see four man step out of doorway in front of he , skip 's car screech into view behind , block he exit . on the soccer field a jihadist stop play football and stare towards the alley . he look confuse , and then he back up , and then he run towards the safehouse visible in the distance . int . clinic ( amman ) - day 96 the relative quiet of the clinic . aisha prepare ferris 's second raby injection . a chaperone watch from nearby . aisha I think I tell you you could get this at any clinic . ferris you do . but when you find a good doctor , you do not change . ( continued ) 96 continued : she stab chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 59 . 96 aisha I be not a doctor . ferris ( in Arabic ) nurse , doctor , accountant , imam , same thing . aisha wife . ferris be I wear a ring ? aisha no . but you be last week . ( a beat ) be you a bad husband ? ferris I be a bad husband and she 's a bad wife . we deserve each other , but it 's over now . aisha now you be look for something else . something as different from she as you can find . something impossible maybe . he with the needle . drop it in the '' sharp '' bin . pull off she latex glove and throw they away . aisha we be do . ferris ' til next week . aisha if you like . ferris I would like if it be maybe sooner than that . maybe later today . ( in Arabic ) unless that would make you uncomfortable . aisha I think it would make you uncomfortable more than I . ferris I doubt that . ( continued ) 96 97 98 99 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 60 . continued : 96 aisha I do not . ext . street ( amman ) - day ( later ) 97 ferris be walk with aisha down a narrow street that lead to a slum . a tinny radio somewhere play Arabic music . Young angry man slouch in doorway , stare at they . aisha seem to enjoy he unease . in Arabic -- aisha be I right ? ferris when I arrive in Amman they advise I where not to go . this be one of they . aisha I could have tell you this be where I be go , if you have ask . int . palestinian refugee camp - day 98 a outdoor clinic that make aisha 's other clinic look like cedar . as she make she round , attend to the sick , ferris -- very much aware that everyone be aware of , and hate he -- wait , smoke . one of the young , unemployed man lean against a wall cover with peel poster of Arafat and anti-american graffiti , say in Arabic loud enough for ferris to hear , '' who 's the Jew ? '' ferris ignore they as best he can , watch as a arab man in a robe ( hijazi , we will come to know later ) talk with aisha and give she a envelope of cash ... int . palestinian refugee camp cafe - day ( later ) 99 the cafe owner come out to where ferris and aisha be sit , wiping he hand on a towel , humble , terrify . aisha ( in Arabic ) two teas , Mohammed . thank you . the cafe owner nod but do not leave . he seem unable to believe she have bring this man who could only be a american spy into he place , endangering he . Arabic : ( continued ) 99 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 61 . continued : 99 aisha ( meaning '' go '' ) thank you . the cafe owner leave they . ferris open a fold knife under the cheap tablecloth , lay it on he lap , and smile with a little difficulty at aisha . ferris if you be try to find out how far I will go to express my interest I think you have the answer . aisha do I ? what else be you suppose to do at this point ? leave here alone ? you be safer with I and you know it . though there 's only so much I can do to protect you . they hatred of you be intense . everyone -- over they domino and card and nargila smoke -- be stare at he . aisha I do not hate you . unless I should . should I ? ferris what be you ask ? aisha I be ask what you do here . in Amman . ferris political counselor . aisha that 's sufficiently vague . ( a beat ) I have a thing to tell you . a important one . a man be not he job . he wonder what she be try to tell he . her English fail she ... aisha he be ... apart from he job . the man . ferris have not try that , recently . ( continued ) chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 62 . 99 continued : 99 aisha I just want you to know ... my feel -.. my understand ... my understanding . of you . they regard each other . the nervous cafe owner return , he hand shaking as he set the tea glass down . aisha we be friend . we may talk again . she sip she tea . and for ferris it 's out of this world different from anything in he life to date . ferris ( in Arabic ) when you wish . and with you permission . 100 ext . street ( amman ) - dusk 100 ferris escort aisha home -- or rather she , he . young arab men watch they from a dark storefront . Arabic music play from a open window . this be a dangerous place , too . aisha my apartment 's just around the corner . thank you for walk I back . as they turn the corner , marwan and two other gid men appear in front of they . the gid men be the same who be watch skip try to kidnap karami . all in Arabic : ferris marwan ... salaam . marwan come . ferris I have to escort my friend home . aisha already have she key out . aisha it 's just there . marwan with permission , miss . meaning , '' leave we . '' aisha regards ferris . in English : ( continued ) 100 101 102 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 63 . continued : 100 ferris it 's all right . they be friend of mine . now it 's aisha who 's scared , more for herself than he . ferris it 's fine . she cross the street and unlock the gate to she building . marwan and the gid men escort ferris toward a park car . ferris what be it ? what 's wrong ? aisha glance back as they usher ferris into the back of the car . int . gid car near safehouse ( amman ) - night 101 it enter the square where the safehouse use to be . marwan grab ferris by the hair and turn he face to the window so that he can see ... the safehouse burn . FIRE truck . Water be spray on the burn building . ferris close he eye . everything be go . ext . a garbage dump - night 102 seagull and vulture tear at black plastic bag and rubbish . fire burn here and there . everything you can think of have be discard . ferris be pull out of the gid car , and push towards hani , who look especially elegant , set against the garbage dump . hani marwan show you the burn house ? ( as ferris nod ) do you know what happen ? ferris I have absolutely no idea . hani study ferris . then : hani you could have say yes or no . simply that . when a man say more than yes or no , I wonder . ( continued ) 102 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 64 . continued : 102 ferris I do not know what ( happen ) -- hani we have the advantage . that house could have lead we to Al - saleem . now it 's go . and everything in it . ferris hani . I ... hani I tell you , never lie to I . ferris I be not lie . hani study he again . then glance to marwan who signal to the other man . a figure be drag from a car and stand before hani and ferris , the sack pull from he head . it 's skip . terrify . to ferris : hani you do not know -- that after all I say to you -- and Edward -- this man try to take karami . skip he do not ( know ) -- hani backhand skip so fast and hard , it choke he last word and almost knock he from he foot . hani ( calmly , to skip ) when I speak to you , I 'il look at you . I be talk to Mr. ferris now . ( to ferris ) in as few word as possible ... do you know ? ferris no . hani study ferris ... hani I do not believe you . leave Jordan . hani calmly walk to he car and climb in . marwan and the other gid man follow . the car drive off leave ferris and skip alone in the dump . ( continued ) 102 103 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 65 . continued : 102 now ferris regards skip with as much menace as hani do . ferris let 's get real , man . let 's ... obviously , I have be a douche . we have thing to straighten up ... but a direct order , man , be a direct order . ferris walk away through the garbage dump without untying skip . walk angrily , purposefully . skip ferris ! ferris keep walk . vulture hop closer to skip . skip ferris ! ferris ! int . a park in WASHINGTON , d.c . - day 103 a desert outdoor concert amphitheater . wet fold chair in disarray . hoffman look awful , relatively , and ferris be in a rage . ferris if you be keep all the card to you chest , how do you expect I to function ? all he ask be patience and you could not do it . you be impatient and greedy and you fuck it up . I think hani be go to kill I . hoffman naw , he like you . he like you . what 's he go to get over there better than you ? you will get back to Jordan before you know it . back to that jordanian piece of ass . ferris make a move as if to hit hoffman . hoffman stumble back onto the wet grass . ( continued ) 103 continued : chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 66 . 103 ferris Ed , you be a old fat fuck . I do this shit for a live . go ona goddamn diet . hoffman what be we , in a school yard ? hoffman stand up . hoffman look , I do what I have to do . I do not have time for ' patience , sidi , patience 's and sit around and eat fuck couscous . hani 's interest extend no further than he little fiefdom . mine be global . that say , I admit I should have tell you what I be do . ferris no , what you should have do be not do it . hoffman ten year ago I could have beat the shit out of you . ferris then you should have take you shot back then . they take a moment to size each other up . hoffman somehow , we have to get we own guy inside Al - saleem 's tent . ferris we could penetrate every Salafi mosque in the world and never get to he . hoffman know it 's true . ferris but he do not know that . that we can not do it . he do not know how close or far we be . what 's true and what be not . we could make it appear there be another organization out there as deadly as he own . what would Al - saleem do ? ( continued ) 103 103a chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 66a . continued : 103 hoffman rejoice . and / or be paranoid . ferris exactly . do not matter which , he would try to get in touch with they ... but it would be we . hoffman it would be we ... ( a beat ) we can not do it out of langley . ferris oh no . hoffman you know , I be go to have to revise my opinion of you . I have no idea you be so devious . this put you in a whole new category in Eddie hoffman 's book . CUT to : int . DC HOTEL room - night 103a ferris open the door revealing a gorgeous woman dress for a night out -- or in -- like the best deborah palfrey 's escort service have to offer . ( continued ) 103a chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 67. continued : 103a gretchen you call for someone ? ferris no. gretchen you must have . because I be here . I be Nicole . the woman let herself in and go straight to the mini - bar to make herself a drink . gretchen do you mind if I have a drink ? it relax I . which will relax you . ferris close the door but do not put out the '' do not disturb '' sign . come back into the room . gretchen this be a nice place . we can have some fun here . ferris I want this divorce . gretchen shhh . I do not want to talk about that . ferris we do not have to talk about it . we just have to do it . she sip she drink . sit on the sofa . gretchen no , let 's talk about it . sit. she pat the cushion next to she . he know better but sit there anyway . she touch he face and neck and say nothing . he pull slightly away . ferris you be right , there 's nothing to talk about . you do not love I and I do not love you . gretchen neither be true . ferris what do we have . nothing . ( continued ) 103a 103b chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 68 . continued : 103a gretchen we have a marriage people dream about . ferris Marriage be about child -- and we do not have that -- which make end it easy . gretchen Marriage be not only about that . her hand have move down to he leg . ferris gretchen -- gretchen my name be Nicole -- ferris gretchen -- gretchen I do not know what you think be wrong . I do not think you know . you be see someone ? Fine . ferris I be not . gretchen Marriage can work with that . she unzip he fly and slip she hand in . gretchen I need you . I need my husband . I need my husband , and you do not touch I ? touch I . he do not and she slap he hard . then coo : gretchen touch I . she take he hand . he allow she to put it under she short skirt . and as it 's happen , he hate , but can not help , himself . omitted 103b * 103c omitted chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 69 . 103c * 104 105 105 a 106 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 70-71 . omitted 104 ext . countryside ( virginia ) - day 105 ferris drive himself through the Virginia countryside . int . ferris 's car 105a ferris drive -- intercut with attorney attorney this be why you have a lawyer , you stupid idiot . ferris it 's still over , Larry , it do not matter . attorney it do matter . it do not look good . ferris and I do not feel good about it . I get to go -- attorney do not call she , do not see she , do not fuck she -- anymore . ferris I tell she on the way out the door we be still get divorced . attorney how have she take it ? instead of convey the enormity of the answer , ferris hang up . ext . a country house ( virginia ) - day 106 a modest house set in dark parkland by a horror- film lake . ferris park next to a audi , the only other car in sight . climb out and crunch across gravel to the porch . look through a window at sheeted furniture . he hear a creak sound and follow it to the side porch where he find a man in a wicker rocker , napping . a Black Berry rest on a little table . ferris garland ? I be Roger ferris . ( continued ) chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 71a . 106 continued : 106 garland glance over and regards ferris . when he speak it 's with a vague european accent , a bit effeminate : garland ( man ) where 's hoffman ? ferris I do not know . a Ben and Jerry 's . ( continued ) 106 107 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 72 . continued : 106 garland he trust you . ( meaning , to send you here alone ) I do not trust he . whenever you run a operation and do not see hoffman , it mean he 's run another operation . the Black Berry chime softly . garland glance at the income text message . garland I be tracking a cell in Syria . they be in Damascus last night . today , dayr -az - Zor , on they way to the iraqi border . but something tell I they be not go to make it to husbaya . we have ninjas wait . ferris who do the ninjas work for ? garland nobody . fruit ? ferris be not sure what he mean . garland do you want some fruit ? a apple . Orange . some berry . ferris no , thank you . int . the country house - continuous action 107 a bowl of fruit on a otherwise bare wood table . ferris where be everyone ? garland I be not sure what you mean . ferris it 's just you ? garland no . it 's I -- and you . garland choose a fat strawberry from a bowl . ( continued ) 107 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 73 . continued : 107 garland you expect a war room ? flash light and people run through with clipboard ? it 's all here -- ( hold up Black Berry ) and here -- ( a laptop ) and here -- ( he head ) you ’‘re sure you do not want some ( fruit ) . ferris positive . eat he strawberry , garland become momentarily distract by a bird fly around the dusty space . ferris I be go to need some low - level aq contact . a lawyer . some kind of Security consultant . but first I need a arab who travel a lot in the region . a businessman who fit the profile of jihadist without actually be a jihadist . garland a straw man . receiving money . make plan . l let 's start with he . garland plop onto a Aeron chair , click a remote . as the bird fly across a plasma screen , a powerpoint presentation come up . garland click through earnest middle - age male arab face ... garland no ... no ... no ... no ... maybe here 's you man . we see a passport photograph on the screen of a pious , somewhat bland zealot . garland his name be Omar sadiki . he 's jordanian . a architect . most of he commission come from Islamic charitable group who also send money to jihadist . he 's get every jihadist signifier ... except he 's innocent . ferris step up to the screen . regard the callus on the middle of sadiki 's forehead . ( continued ) 107 107aa 107a chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 74 . continued : 107 ferris he touch he head to the ground five time a day ... he believe in God . garland I wonder what that 's like . so do ferris probably . he have not believe in anything since he be five . ferris what make you think he ’1ll trade with a infidel like I ? garland ( look at ferris like he must be daft ) money . int . ferris 's DC HOTEL room - day 107aa ferris cell phone ring . he answer . hoffman ( v.o. ) what the fuck do you do ? ferris what be you talk about ? intercut : ext . cafe ( virginia ) 107a hoffman walk out with coffee in hand . hoffman you wife call I . she say she 's prepare to go to ig . to make allegation . what do you say to she ? ferris I tell she I do not love she . hoffman well , buddy , that be a fundamental tactical error . but I do not mean you personal business ... I mean , what do you tell she about my business ? she mention the word torture and death . why would you do that ? ( more ) ( continued ) +e + eh HH chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 742 . 107a continued : 107a hoffman ( cont 'd ) I make that go away . I make it disappear . ( continued ) 107a chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 75 . continued : 107a flashback - the cricket bat the cry . and ferris sit on a ratty couch in some dark room somewhere , calmly smoking a cigarette . back to hoffman and ferris - now ferris do I ask you to do that ? hoffman no , and you never thank I either because you be a ingrate . ferris maybe I do not want it to disappear . hoffman listen , buddy , find a church , get yourself a priest . confess . let it off you chest . then get on the phone to you wife . stop be self - destructive and get you business out of my business . be that clear ? + eh HH 107b chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 76 . int . a restaurant in WASHINGTON - day 107b the restaurant be Washington 's best , fill with power . ferris be wait at a table set for two . gretchen appear , look spectacular . ferris stand up coldly and watch gretchen sit . gretchen ( settling in ) have you come to you sense ? ferris look at she . ferris you be willing to destroy I . that 's interesting to know . gretchen how could I destroy a big strong CIA man ? you must be have delusion . ferris there 's no evidence , no witness , just you word against mine . and you be a angry , unstable , soon to be ex-wife . no one 's go to believe you . gretchen start to dash she water in he face . ferris look around at this restaurant , before you throw the glass . that 's why I pick the restaurant . gretchen see the result : a career -ender . she smile at a colleague . gretchen you do not have the ball for this , Roger . you be not a killer . that 's always be I . ferris I wish I could say you be wrong . you think of yourself as a killer . but I really be one . you have just never be in my way until now . he open a file on the table . gretchen look worried . ( continued ) 107b continued : chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 77 . 107b ferris remember the great age of e-mail ? before we all know it be insecure ? let 's not forget digital photography . he flip around a picture of gretchen naked , masturbate . then hand over a sheaf of other picture . gretchen I make that for you , you fuck bastard . ferris you make they for yourself . it 's not really my thing ... let 's go back to undergraduate day . you make friend with a man in the financial aid office at Columbia and illegally transfer you student loan to you father when he be die of cancer . the old man never owed a penny in he life and you make he die a hundred thousand dollar in debt without he knowledge . when you go to work at justice , you tell they you would never use drug . I doubt you have use ecstasy for a while , but you still do coke . gretchen so do half the fuck room , Roger . ferris yes , but how many lie about drug use when they join the Department of justice ? gretchen stare . she take ferris and when you be still filing individually , you cheat on you tax . all the time . I have document . shall I go on ? a drink of water . gretchen do you think all this time I have not be fuck someone ? ( continued ) 107b 108 109 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 78 . continued : 107b ferris ( and he mean it ) I could care less . you fuck everybody you meet . one way or another . I expect you lawyer to call the ig office tomorrow , first thing , or I will have you under investigation at justice by tomorrow afternoon . there it be . gretchen get up and leave the room , with every appearance of calm . she be shake but smile at associate . DC be like LA : everybody in the same business : get they ass alive through the jungle . ferris lower he eye , and put the folder in he case . free . ext . dubai - day 108 the other invent city -- the one in the middle of the Arabian Desert instead of the middle of mojave , with its even more outrageous skyscraper , indoor ski slope and man-made palm tree and world - shape island dotting the Persian Gulf . bladerunner in the Middle East . ferris ( v.o. ) you 'il move the money , you 'il make the virtual legend of Omar sadiki . I ’'1l do everything else . int . ferris 's HOTEL suite ( dubai ) - day 109 a passport with ferris 's picture on it , but with the name brad scanlon , rest on the bed with a half - unpack suitcase . ferris be at a window overlook a panoramic tangle of building crane , on the phone -- ferris Mr. sadiki ? it 's Brad scanlon from haye andover Bank , follow up on my e-mail . I be in Dubai now . get in a little early ... at the jumeirah emirate tower but I can meet you anywhere you like . ( check he watch ) that would be great . you be sure you do not mind ... 110 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 79 . int . lobby of a HOTEL ( dubai ) - day 110 ferris have clean himself up and put on a nice suit . sitting across from he -- glum and robe -- be the Islamic architect omar sadiki , prayer callus on he forehead . after a long silence ... sadiki we client be usually arab company ... ferris you come very highly recommend by we arab client . ferris notice that sadiki have look aside at a german drink beer . ferris I be so sorry , I do not know they serve beer here . sadiki ( not meaning it ) it be no problem . he be not a Muslim . he can do as he like . ferris that 's very generous of you . sadiki be not sure ferris be not have he on , but nonetheless produce a sheaf of photograph , turn the page for ferris ... sadiki this be a shopping center in fahaneel in Kuwait ... Offices in Amman ... a dormitory for the College of Technology in irbid ... all uninspired but not terrible ... ferris uh-huh ... nice ... but for we branch here in Dubai , we be after something with more of a ... Islamic ambiance . sadiki Islamic ... ferris nod . sadiki stare a moment , then open another folder . ( continued ) 110 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink t9a . continued : 110 beneath a crescent logo on the folder we see the legend : '' darul adira Architects : the Islamic Design solution . '' Inside , photograph of mosque they have build ... ( continued ) 110 111 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 80. continued : 110 ferris this be more like it . sadiki ( hope it 's not true ) you want you bank to look like a mosque . ferris mosque-like -- yes -- since we building site be in Sharjah and we want to be respectful of the Islamic character of the neighborhood . and we know this : Omar sadiki hate scanlon , and hate the idea of work for a american company -- but also that he will do it . ferris we can go there after lunch . I could show you the site . if you would like to see it . sadiki be either play hard to get , or truly be uncomfortable run around town with the infidel . ferris take he into he confidence -- ferris Mr. sadiki , I know you must have a certain level of discomfort just sit with a non-believer , what with all that 's go on . but let I assure you : I despise this horrible war . I be a Democrat . ferris make a terrible smile . ext . the build site ( dubai ) - day 111 in burn sunlight , as sadiki take digital picture of a dusty work site , ferris , over by the park car and pickup , watch with another man -- ostensibly a haye andover Bank construction worker who be actually special force . tony ( man ) how much can I know ? ferris exactly as much as I tell you . tony wait to hear it , but apparently he just do . ( continued ) 111 112 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 81 . continued : 111 tony I be cool with that . I be use to know nothing . ferris I be sure you be . get you camera . ext . the build site ( dubai ) - day 112 ferris have rejoin sadiki as he finish photograph the site . ferris haye andover 's option to buy this property will expire at the end of the month . so perhaps we could get some preliminary sketches and a rough bid say by ... next Thursday ... before the Islamic weekend ...? sadiki I think we ... yes , certainly . ferris you will have to sign a letter of intent with we attorney -- Mr. Al - masri -- if you do not mind . ferris point to a rotund arab in a suit patting at he jowl with a handkerchief outside a construction trailer . sadiki it make no difference to I . God will decide if I get the job or not . as sadiki go in through the trailer 's open slide glass door , a series of surveillance photo : sadiki with al - masri , greeting each other , exchange papers , etc . ferris ( v.o. ) Al - masri be a lawyer . but he tithes money to aq . he 's fairly low on the map , but on the map . more surveillance photo of sadiki and al-masri exchange Islamic kiss on the cheek , take by tony from a park pickup truck with a long lens ... 113 114 115 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 82. int . airport ( dubai ) - night 113 ferris lean against a wall , phone to he ear , wait for the security screen line to thin out . ferris garland 's also get steal Saudi money go into sadiki account at a rate of about ten grand a -- hoffman ( v.o. ) what the fuck be I do here ? ferris what ? where . intercut : ext . hoffman' daughter's soccer field ( virginia ) - day 114 hoffman at the sideline of a soccer field in a park in Virginia , where he daughter and other 7 - year - old run around kick at the ball . hoffman never mind . where be you ? ferris Dubai International , head to Germany . hoffman yeah you be not . you be go back to Amman . hani call and ask I where you be . if you do not go back , he 's gonna wonder why you be not go back . he 's already wonder . you have to put in a appearance . Change you ticket . hoffman hang up and watch the soccer game and mom - — referees like he want to shoot himself . int . queen alia airport ( amman ) - night 115 ferris come out the arrival door , have clear Immigration and custom , to find two gid officer wait for he . gid officer come . chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 83. 116 int . a car outside the airport - moment later 116 ferris be escort to a mercede and '' help '' into the back seat where hani wait . hani I want to tell you I be sorry how we leave thing . I be upset . ferris which you have every right to be . I be sorry for what happen . the car pull away and glide through airport traffic . hani where do you go ? ferris quickly decide not to lie . ferris Washington . Dubai . hani hold out he hand . ferris place he passport in it . hani glance at the last stamp entry . hani ah , Dubai . the money - launder mecca for aq . and therefore , the safest place in the Middle East . R & R ? ferris yeah . hani much deserve . but I be happy you be back . ( return the passport ) miss aisha , too , I think , will be happy you be back . ( off ferris 's frown ) we be not watch you , we be watch out for you . the one you should worry about be Edward ... Edward and he plan . which could get you in trouble . again . ferris neither of we have to worry about that . ( continued ) 116 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 84 . continued : 116 hani no ? I do not have to worry about what I do not know ? no more stupid escapade like karami ? ferris no . hani that 's good . but hani do not believe it for a second . he smile . ferris I be glad you let I back . I like it here . hani what be Ed hoffman 's plan now for Al - saleem ? always with Ed , I hear he breathe . but I do not see he . that bother I . ferris can say nothing . hani do not worry . I be not go to try to recruit you . but I want you to understand something . do not make further mistake in Jordan . ferris you be my teacher , ustaaz hani . hani I will remember that expression of friendship . this be a part of the world where friendship matter . it can save you life . ferris 's car pull ahead of hani 's car , along with two escort police car with light flicker . hani you luggage have be collect . they will escort you to you house . ferris nod , and get out of the car . hani welcome home , my dear . we will talk about how we shall cooperate in the future . ( continued ) 116 117 117a 118 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 85 . continued : 116 ferris nod , right , and close the door . hani 's little motorcade move off . int . clinic ( amman ) - day 117 aisha ready ferris 's third raby injection . aisha you be uncharacteristically quiet . ferris be I ? she tap at the syringe with a fingernail to push air bubbles up . aisha if you be go to insist on come here to see I -- which be what you be do -- my sister be go to insist on meeting you . ferris you sister . aisha my sister look after I in matter that be non-medical . ferris she have to approve of I before you will begin to . aisha I like to let she think so whenever I can . she jab the needle in he stomach . ext . amman marketplace - evening 117a ferris , in a clean white shirt , and several Muslim woman jostle to make they purchase at a pastry stand . ferris busy konafa . int . aisha 's apartment build - night 118 the door open revealing ferris in the hallway with a small pastry box in he hand . ( continued ) chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 86 . 118 continued : 118 aisha you be early . I be still cooking . ( hence , the apron ; be : the box ) what 's in there ? ferris dessert . konafa . lot of syrup . aisha oh , the kid be go to love you . ferris the what ? 119 int . aisha' apartment - moment later 119 another woman and two young child stand politely ina simply - furnish , work - class Muslim live room . aisha this be my sister , cala . ferris how do you do . aisha and Ali and gamal ... my nephew . he hide it well , but aisha know ferris be relieved . he shake the boy 's hand . aisha Mr. ferris bring you something for later . 120 int . aisha' apartment - later 120 as aisha and she sister cook , ferris sit with the boy in the live room in a uncomfortable silence ... ferris smell good in there . gamal it 's not good . ferris she 's not a good cook , you aunt ? ( continued ) 120 121 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 87. continued : 120 gamal better than we mom but I would not say good . ferris what about you , Ali , what do you think ? ali together they 's 1ll be worse . ferris all right , listen -- ( beckon they closer ) -- because if there 's something really bad on my plate , I do not want to eat it ; I do not even want to taste it . I / x11 touch it with my fork , and you -- very subtly -- nod or shake you head . kk ? the boy K. int . aisha' apartment - night ( later ) 121 the five of they at the dinner table , just beginning to eat . ferris touch he fork to something on he plate and the boy give he very slight shake of the head . cala how long be you in Amman ? ferris it could be a long time . I be hope it be . cala where be you station before ? ferris riyadh . cala and before that ? ferris Cairo . there be two covert operation go on here , ferris know : his own with the boy and the food , and aisha 's have she sister ask aisha 's list of question ... ( continued ) 121 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 88. continued : 121 cala what do you do exactly ? aisha I tell you , cala , he 's a political advisor . cala but what do that mean ? forgive my ignorance . there 's nothing ignorant about she . quite the contrary . ferris it mean I offer my assistance to his majesty 's advisor , when they ask for it . the boy send nod to ferris that the pale green stuff be safe to eat . cala you do this now , but not before the war . before you do not consult with we at all . aisha cala -- ferris it 's all right . we know the situation in Iraq have create hardship for jordanian . cala the situation ? ferris sorry ? cala the situation in Iraq ? ferris let it go with just a nod . he 's a guest . aisha shoot she sister a look : '' enough . '' the boy shoot ferris one : '' do not eat that . '' cala his majesty believe the best hope for the war be that it end . ferris that 's my hope , too . 122 123 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 89 . ext . aisha' build - night ( later ) 122 ferris be leave . aisha see he out . aisha sorry about that . ferris it 's all right , I take no offense . aisha the funny thing be , she want to live in America . ferris I will stay here , she can go there , we will both be happy . aisha do not joke about this . ferris I be not . I be serious . I do not think I be ever go back . they regard each other . ferris I like she boy . aisha they be great , be not they ? but not very good spy . ( as he look to she be all innocence ) at the dinner table . where you barely touch a thing . none of you be good spy . ferris thank you for tonight , aisha . I have a really nice time . he mean it . or he be a good spy . she watch he go . ext . hani 's garden balcony - day 123 ferris , in sunglass , watch as hani set down a photo next to ferris 's tea : sadiki and al-masri cozy up to a couple of chinese bargirl - hooker at the notorious cyclone nightclub in Dubai : ( continued ) 123 124 125 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 90 . continued : 123 hani this be take last week at the cyclone Club in Dubai . this man be a well - know aq financier . if that be not a contradiction in term . this -- ( the other man ) -- be a jordanian , a architect name Omar sadiki . no know terrorist tie . ferris hope he poker face be straight enough . sadiki and Al - masri must have hit it off and run off afterwards to a club , after all of sadiki 's pious bullshit ... but how on earth , he wonder , do hani have the photo . hani the question I ask myself , be what be they do together ... apart from the obvious . be this sadiki more than he claim to be ? he travel a lot , building mosque and shopping mall . at the least I would say he 's worth examination . by we . by ' we . 's ally , correct ? ferris where would you get this ? hani a friend in Saudi intelligence . ferris useful friend . ferris push the photo back across to hani -- hani no . take it . I want you to have it . we be partner . ext . beirut - day 124 establish . superimpose : beirut int . HOTEL tawqeer ( beirut ) - ferris 's suite - day 125 as ferris review sadiki 's presentation folder , sadiki help himself to tea and a pastry . ( continued ) 125 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 91 . continued : 125 he may be a pious man -- or not -- but he be every asshole in the history of the world who have submit a outrageous bid . ferris get to the final page of the proposal , and whistle . ferris this be way too expensive . the board will never approve this . sadiki jump a bit , but then turn , self - righteously . sadiki you want the best ... ferris I hate to make what could seem to be a ethnic remark , but I think I be clear with you we be not do business in a bazaar . I be not a infidel to get rip off here . do you want the job ? sadiki yes , we very much wish to ... have the job . perhaps a change or two be possible . ferris well , give I you best price , close as you can to a 25 percent reduction . sadiki 25 percent be possible with a lavish sacrifice of quality . ferris do what you can . and while you be here in Beirut , could you meet with we security consultant ? he 's good at what he do but he 's a odd guy . I think he use to be involved with the ... well ... ( as sadiki be perplex ; ferris whisper ) the extremist . sadiki stare blankly . ferris he 's over in West Beirut , over there in dodge City . ( more ) ( continued ) 125 126 127 128 129 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 92 . continued : 125 ferris ( cont 'd ) and since he 's go to have to sign off on the final design , I would love it if you could get he input now , if you be okay with that . sadiki regards ferris with a slight measure of suspicion . ferris be unable to picture he anymore without a chinese girl from the cyclone on he lap . finally -- sadiki okay . a barrage of digital surveillance image 126 take by tony from a darken office in West Beirut : sadiki in a build directly across with lot of glass , sit down with '' Security consultant '' Hussein hanafi -- look over plan -- laugh -- stop for prayer time -- do business again . ferris ( v.o. ) so we have get he with two salafist with aq tie now : the money - launderer in Dubai , and this mobbed - up security guru here in Beirut . intercut : int . hoffman' home 127 hoffman at home , feed the finicky family dog . hoffman you get he computer ? ferris I will . soon as he run off to the hand job parlor . ext . sadiki 's islamic HOTEL ( beirut ) - night 128 ferris regards the back of the hotel from the shadow of a alley . behind one of the window he can see sadiki get ready to go out , lock up the balcony door . ext . sadiki 's islamic HOTEL - night ( later ) 129 sadiki come out of the hotel , take the key from a valet and climb into he car . 130 131 132 133 134 135 136 137 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 93. int . sadiki 's islamic HOTEL - lobby - night 130 ferris , look like a tourist who get a bad tip from fodor 's , check into the hotel . int . sadiki 's HOTEL - a room - night ( later ) 131 ferris step out onto the balcony of he new room . climb the low railing to the adjacent balcony , then over that one to the next , and trip the cheap lock on the french door . int . sadiki 's room - continuous action 132 sadiki 's laptop sit on the desk , asleep . ferris tap the space bar and the computer 's wallpaper of the wander man 's devote traditional family blink on . int . sadiki 's car - moving - same time - night 133 something occur to sadiki . irritate with himself , he turn the car around and head back to the hotel -- int . sadiki 's room - same time - night 134 ferris open a secure email account , highlight all the file on sadiki 's desktop and send they as attachment -- int . country house ( virginia ) - same time - night 135 the attachment begin downloading onto garland 's laptop , the icon appear one by one on he desktop -- ext . sadiki 's islamic HOTEL - same time - night 136 sadiki pull he car up to the entrance of he hotel , tell the valet to keep it run , he ’1ll be right back . int . sadiki 's room - same time - night 137 ferris have move on to hard - drive file , send they all to garland while he talk to he on the phone -- garland ( v.o. ) this be useful . a email list for the Brothers of awareness . ( continued ) 137 138 139 140 141 continued : chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 94 , 137 ferris the brother of who the fuck ? garland ( v.o. ) the ikhwan ishfan . int . country house ( virginia ) - same time - night 138 garland it 's just a study group of believer at he mosque but I can make it look like anything . ferris make it look like everything . int . sadiki 's islamic HOTEL - same time - night 139 sadiki come through the lobby , get into a elevator . garland ( v.o. ) make fake account for half a dozen of the brother and start transfer money to they from sadiki 's fake receiver account . small operational sum . int . sadiki 's room - same time - night 140 ferris the Saudis will pick up the money move , and everything they pick up ... garland ( v.0o . ) they leak to jihadist . ferris you get it , my friend . int . sadiki 's islamic HOTEL - same time - night 141 sadiki emerge from the elevator . come down the open he door with a card key -- as he step in , we ( but not sadiki ) see ferris be on the balcony , back to the wall , french door close -- ( continued ) 141 142 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 95 . continued : 141 sadiki rummages around he toiletry , find a 3 - pack of condom , head back for the door , hesitate when he see he computer 's desktop of he family -- it unsettle he , but it 's unclear if that 's because they be '' look '' at he , or because the computer should have go to sleep in he absence . in any case , he 's get more exciting thing to think about , and leave . int . a STREET in beirut - day 142 ferris be walk . ferris pull up a Arabic keyboard and take down this message . intercut : garland do so . ferris ( in Arabic ) ' in the name of God , we praise we Brothers who shall carry out this heroic act in the fig orchard , and beg God to give we strength in we continue struggle . the time be at hand . 's garland ( amused ) that 's good Arabic . what 's the fig orchard ? ferris well , I really have not let you in on that one just yet . let 's say it 's develop . garland it will create chatter , but it 'il have to be big to get Al - saleem 's attention . ferris it will be big . put the message in Arabic and send it from sadiki 's fake e-mail account . ( continued ) 142 143 144 144a chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 96 . continued : 142 ferris snap he phone shut . ext . queen alia airport ( amman ) - night 143 ferris emerge from a terminal talk on he '' scanlon '' cell -- ferris Mr. sadiki . it 's Brad . I be fine , but we have a bit of a problem . we chief engineer , who 's base up in ankara , have raise some question about the insulation ... yeah , I know it 's the same as what you use in Saudi Arabia ... but you be go to have to go up to ankara , asap ... ferris see skip pull up in a embassy car and cross to it . into the phone : ferris no , he can not come to you , and in fact , the only day you can see he be this Wednesday . we ’1ll fly you , of course ... no , I be sorry , Business class ... let I give you he address and number . you get a pen ? ext . the country house ( virginia ) - day 144 garland step carefully around he garden , tend strawberry plant . ferris ( v.o. ) garland will send out a message from sadiki hint that a strike be prepare ... int . NSA facility somewhere - continuous action 144a a analyst look from he screen and ask the man beside he : NSA analyst what 's the fig orchard , and who be the Brothers of awareness ? 145 146 147 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 97 . int . esenboga airport ( ankara , turkey ) - day 145 sadiki , about as irritate as a man can be , be meet by '' haye andover Bank 's construction head , '' a dodgy -look Muslim . as they move away together -- a barrage of surveillance photograph of they -— — int . CIA ( langley ) - night 146 -- pop -up on screen here , where hoffman sit with some analyst , pick at a plate of sprout-ridden health food that he hate while the other eat wonderful - look junk food . other screen in front of they show live view of a military base . ferris ( v.o. ) when the strike be do , he 'il post another message take responsibility for the bombing -- one of the screen show a live image of a blackhawk landing at -- ext . US military base ( incirlik , turkey ) - day 147 the helicopter settles on the ground . tony climb out as a Jeep pull up to meet he . as tony supervise the transfer of some equipment from the chopper to the Jeep -- special force sgt . get everything you need ? tony oh , yeah . and that 's because several full body bag be now be off - load from the blackhawk onto a cart . the special force sgt . stare . tony ( comic ) body from the morgue . Iraq have plenty . 148 149 150 151 152 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 98. int . CIA langley - continuous action - night 148 hoffman after the event , a buzz of message will then pass among jihadist network announce the Brothers of awareness as a new player , and sadiki as its leader . sadiki 's face on a screen '' watch '' hoffman , who can not take another bite of he food , toss it in a wastebasket . he take a french fry off somebody else 's plate . hoffman wife 's worried about diabete . run in my family ... my fuckin 's father . asshole . ext . US military base ( incirlik ) - day 149 two turkish janitor push large plastic bin on wheel into the US bachelor officer 's quarter . int . bachelor officer 's quarter - moment later 150 the '' turkish janitor '' ( one of whom be '' tony '' ) -- push they bin into the barrack , and wheel they down the wax corridor , past ... the corpse from the body bag -- all Middle Eastern man -- be laid on cot in the officer 's quarter in the late afternoon shadow ... ext . US military base ( incirlik ) - day 151 the '' turkish janitor '' leave the building . int . CIA langley - continuous action - night 152 a wall of INTERNATIONAL clock . it be tick towards 4 am in Turkey . and the same live image from overhead on the main screen . young analyst I have get it , I have get it . ' fig orchard 's mean ' incirlik 's in turkish ! ( continued ) 152 153 154 155 156 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 99 . continued : 152 hoffman brilliant . ( turn to screen ) Fire in the hole ... three , two , one ... ext . US military base ( incirlik ) - day 153 the Officer 's quarter explode -- in a flash ... int . CIA langley - continuous action - night 154 from 20,000 foot , the overhead image of the explosion -- silent -- unspectacular -- on the screen . to himself -- hoffman ++. boom . int . / ext . ferris 's apartment ( amman ) - dusk 155 a speaker outside a mosque below call people to prayer . ferris , have a drink , watch BBC World . BBC reporter ( v.o. ) official have confirm the target of the blast be the US bachelor officer 's quarter at the airbase at incirlik , Turkey . the bomb attack destroy the barrack , but american casualty reportedly be limited because many pilot and officer be away on Christmas leave ... int . hani 's apartment ( amman ) - same time - dusk 156 video on hani 's tv of the smoking ruin and a short line of blanket - cover body and body part . his wife set out plate and silverware for dinner . BBC reporter ( v.o. ) the Pentagon have not release the name of the dead pend notification of next of kin , but we be be tell there might not be a public announcement of the casualty because some of the man kill may have be station at incirlik on classified mission ... 157 157a 158 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 100 . int . al - saleem '’s house - same time - dusk 157 some child run past another tv here broadcasting the same report -- BBC reporter ( v.o. ) no one yet have claim credit , but terror expert be already speculate , because of the target and the ferocity of the attack , this may be the work of a new offshoot of Al - quaeda ... Al - saleem glance to another man in the live room . the other man do not know any more than Al - saleem what that '' new offshoot '' could be , and gesture as much with a slight shrug . stock news footage 157a of '' the arab STREET '' rejoicing , firing weapon into the AIR , etc , the whole '' fuck you , america '' spectacle that happened after 9/11 . global rejoicing . int . ferris 's apartment ( amman ) - continuous action - 158 dusk BBC reporter ( v.o. ) incirlik , which in turkish mean ' fig orchard , 's insert garland smiling and eat a peach as he watch . back to scene BBC reporter ( v.o . ) -.-. have serve since September 11 as a primary hub in the war in Afghanistan and Iraq ... one of ferris 's cell phone vibrate on the desk . he pick it up . the BBC report continue in the b.g. ferris yes ? ( a beat ) hani . chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 101 . 159 int . hani 's office - next morning 159 ferris sit with hani , who be wear a tiny candy cane on he lapel . ferris be that in deference to you Christian employee ? hani yes , all none of they . still , Christmas be for everyone . here in Jordan , everyone have Christmas tree . hani pour ferris a small glass of something . hani eggnog ! ferris Islamic eggnog ? hani you be the judge . ferris sip : it be stiff with liquor . hani first of all , my great sympathy to the family of the incirlik victim . ferris thank you . hani second , I think I can help . hani pull a picture from a file and lay it before ferris : a passport photo of omar sadiki . and a turkish custom printout with the date . ferris this be the architect you show I before . who meet the money - man . hani the same . only now I think he may have have something to do with this bombing . he be in Turkey on Wednesday , meeting with this man -- a engineer who we know be also a explosive expert . ( continued ) chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 102 . 159 continued : 159 he set down a surveillance photo of the Muslim man who meet sadiki at esenboga Airport . hani naturally , you can do whatever you want with this information , but if I be you I have leave sadiki in place and see what he bring . ferris you usual technique . hani nod . ferris ask with a look , '' May I take this ? '' hani yes . it 's my Christmas gift to you . use it wisely . 160 ext . the dead sea - day 160 ferris and aisha sit atop a jag cliff overlook the Dead Sea , 50 - kilometer from the nearest tourist float around on he back read a newspaper . here , it 's rugge , still , primeval . ferris how often do you come out here ? aisha as often as I can . it 's as beautiful as a place can be where nothing life . ferris bacteria life there . aisha that 's romantic . the word hang there a moment . she smile and stare back out at the ancient water . in the distance , some bedouin on camel ride silently along a ridge . ferris aisha ? she look at he a little more expectantly than she intend . ferris if you be wait for I , you be go to have to wait forever . I would never touch a Muslim woman ... first . ( continued ) 160 161 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 103 . continued : 160 they regard one another ... then she touch he hand , and even then he do not do more than allow it . her hand come up , touch he neck , the finger run along one of the scar on it , then to another just under the collar of he T-shirt . her hand stop there , feel something sharp , like the tip of a spine of a cactus , try to work itself out . ferris what have you find ? she look , the nurse in she take over . see a small infect area around the '' cactus spine . '' she move it around a little , then gently pull it out . aisha what be this ? it 's small , sharp , and white . aisha be this ... ferris shake he head he do not know , but of course he do . it 's another piece of bassam . aisha it look like bone . ferris I have no idea what it be , but it 's not bone . how would it get there ? aisha I do not know . she roll it gently between she fingertip , then hold it out for he to take . he hold out he hand and she drop it onto it . ferris do not know what to do with it . it seem wrong to throw it away , but he do . int . ferris 's car —- moving - day ( later ) 161 they be drive on a highway , head back to Amman presumably . not talk . until -- aisha what if I tell you I do not want anything to do with a man with a secret life . ferris what if I tell you the same thing . ( continued ) 161 continued : chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 104 . 161 aisha I be not hide anything . I wish I be . at least we have be even . ferris at the camp you take money from a man that I know be -- how can I say this -- not a simple cleric . aisha what be you talk about ? ferris do not say . aisha be you talk about hajazi ? he 's a teacher . he donate money for medicine for people who can not afford it . from he own pocket . ferris ( not want to argue ) okay . aisha you mean ' okay 's no . you be wrong . ferris I have be wrong before . but not this time . aisha I can prove you be wrong . take I to mu’‘tah . ferris I do not think so . mu’tah 's not a place for I . aisha nonsense . it 's perfectly safe . it 's a university town . it 's where he teach . you 's 1ll meet he . you will see . ferris keep drive . do not answer . sense this may be the end of thing here , and he 's right . aisha Fine . take I home . ferris I ’1ll take you to mu’tah . 162 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 105 . ext . mu 's tah - day 162 ferris scan every house as he drive into the town . all the woman wear headscarve . there be no jordanian special force , only useless unshaven provincial police . most of the people be bedu , stone 7th century . it be a town of professional malcontent . but there be a university in this town , and ferris park at the entrance to the alley that lead to it . ferris ( faux unconcern ) this be no place to be a outsider . aisha I be not a outsider . ferris even for you . aisha i’1l be right back . she get out , walk briskly down the alley . ferris bashes he head back against the headrest . look around . see a half a dozen men play soccer behind he , a unit of idling jihadist , no doubt about it . ferris sink down in the car , every fucker look at he , and the soccer ball be drive deliberately into a side panel of the car , give he a jolt . ferris think , what to do . and then get abruptly out of the car . you do not want to be sit down . he confront the guy . ferris ( in he perfect Arabic ) you have make a mistake , brother . ferris bluff it out , and in parade ground manner head towards a cafe where a old man smoking a nargilah stare at he . ferris sit down at a cheap , wobbly table . ferris a coffee , please . medium sweet . and I need the toilet . the waiter point . ferris stand and enter the cafe , aware that the soccer player be merely disconcert . they be not leave he alone . they come towards the cafe , one carry the ball . 163 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 106 . int . cafe toilet - moment later 163 it 's a smear hole in the floor . ferris piss , smell wave of shit . he turn , zipped up , and see : three of the jihadist ferris pull he knife but be clubbed on the head and go down on the filthy floor . one of the jihadist pick up the knife and hold it to ferris 's throat . another jihadist be look through he wallet and find : a US embassy id card . much talk over this one . they have a real prize . ferris be half drag to he foot and cramme against the wall . jihadist why you come to mu’tah ? to spy on Muslim people ? ferris I be diplomat from Amman . visit the university . I ama friend of hani pasha , and if you do not know who he be , you will . I ’'1ll forget what you have do , if you let I go . he be spit on , full in the face . jihadist take he out the back . they open a door to the storeroom as ... ferris break the nearest man 's jaw with the heel of he hand . we hear the sloppy pop of the sideward dislocation . he headbutt the next man , send he down , and knee he in the face . the knifeman be disarm in one move and ferris pin he against the wall with the stiletto at he throat , hold straight on , ready to punch in , a straight puncture . ferris ( in Arabic ) maybe I cut off you head , motherfucker . maybe we start do that . we ’1ll all be on the same fuckin’ page . i’11 cut off you fuck head and throw it down the toilet . ( continued ) 163 164 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 107 . continued : 163 he knee the knifeman in the ball and put he down , slamm he forehead against the sink in the process and knock the old sink off one of its bracket with the force of the blow . he turn to see : aisha , stare at he from the doorway . with she be the money - donate scholar -- hijazi -- in a white robe . hijazi ( in Arabic to jihadist ) Brothers , you shame the town . this good visitor have come with miss aisha . apologize to he and beg he forgiveness for you ignorant and uncivilize behavior . jihadist I have make a mistake . it be customary ... ferris ( in Arabic ) keep you money . I accept that you make a mistake . aisha and ferris stare at each other . he close the knife . ext . the king 's highway - twilight 164 ferris pull the car to the shoulder of the road . he have get out of mu’tah . now he succumb to the fear . aisha stare straight ahead . aisha you be go to kill that boy . ferris he be a kidnapper . not a ' boy . 's aisha and you know how to kill , do not you . he do not answer ; there 's no point . aisha I do not know what you be ... and you be not go to tell I . there 's nowhere to go from there . 165 166 167 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 108 . int . ferris 's apartment - night 165 ferris look very much like he do in the first scene . tire . sweating . drink . he look like a man about to give it up ... but instead pick up one of he phone and dial . as it ring ( normally ) in the receiver -- int . country house ( virginia ) - same time - night 166 garland reach for a cell phone play a tinny version of mozart 's piano concerto no. 24 . garland ferris ... ferris send out the message take credit . but make the response go back to sadiki 's actual account . fuse he real and shadow bank account . garland I can not say ' it 's be real . 's but you know what I mean . ferris , uncomfortable , hang up . garland sit at he laptop . he pastes a Arabic message into a open '' sadiki '' email file . message read ( subtitle it ) : '' in the name of God , the merciful God , the compassionate , we tell you that the Brothers of awareness have complete against the crusader a operation that have strike at the heart of they evil design ... '' int . sadiki 's office ( riyadh ) - night 167 sadiki and a couple of assistant architect be work late on the '' haye andover Bank '' revision . at he computer , sadiki be scrolling down a list of insulation manufacturer when a chime alert he he have a new income e-mail message . not a man who get a lot of e- mail , sadiki be intrigue to see that he have 1,298 message downloading . '' Omar , I do not understand . what be this ? " sadiki open the first message , from jihadboy2 , and read ( subtitle it ) : '' congratulation brother in you endeavor to destroy the great Satan . '' ( continued ) 167 168 169 170 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 109 . continued : 167 sadiki stare at '' he '' income message . '' God will reward you . '' sadiki scroll down and see the copy of the message that garland send as '' Omar sadiki . '' he glance up at the other in the room , all bent over draft table , then suddenly realize that the wall of glass he so proudly design in he office afford , from the building across , a fishbowl view of he . he quickly gather he thing to leave -- and pass a flat - panel tv in the wait lounge ... tv newsreader ( v.o. ) credit for the incirlik bombing have be claim by a mysterious group call the ikhwan ishfan ... int . sadiki 's build - night 168 come down a elevator alone , he almost hyperventilate . the door open and he venture out warily into the underground garage . he see no one , but fear for he life . he fumble he car key from he pocket as he cross toward he reserve parking space which , until now , he never notice be so goddamn far from the elevator . he press what he think be the unlock button on the key ring , but mistakenly hit the panic button and the car 's alarm go off and the headlight blink . out of he wit he press at all the other button until it silence . he pull he car door open , slide in quickly , lock himself in . try to catch he breath , he stare out the windshield at the few other car there , and the shadowy corner of the garage ... ext . islamic HOTEL ( somewhere ) - night 169 a car pull up . Al - saleem 's lieutenant climb out from the passenger seat , leave the driver inside . int . islamic HOTEL ( somewhere ) - night 170 Al - saleem regards printout of the e-mail and a photo of sadiki himself . re : the photo ( subtitles ) : ( continued ) 170 170 a 171 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 110 . continued : 170 al-saleem this be the man who have be receive we money ? the Lieutenant nod . lieutenant and it seem he blow up the US base , Sheikh . al-saleem he look like a accountant . lieutenant he 's a architect in Amman . successful . al-saleem that be a understatement . Al - saleem reach for a cell phone , hold it for a moment , look at it , like he know he should not do this , then flip it open and dial ... NSA montage 170 a a cell tower in a european city . cacophony of voice in different language . this and more voice pluck by a array of sat - dish in a american desert -- the world' chatter as it 's sifted through by NSA word - flagging and voice-recognition computer -- buried in it all at first , one voice begin to surface : Al - saleem 's -- int . king khalid INTERNATIONAL airport ( riyadh ) - day 171 ferris exit the terminal . ferris 's phone ring . ferris yeah . hoffman ( v.o. ) you do it , buddy . intercut with : 172 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 111 . hoffman - night 172 sneak a cigarette on the balcony of he townhouse glance in from time to time to make sure he kid do not catch he . hoffman NSA be pick up voice it have not hear in year , include one on a World phone from Vienna we think be Al - saleem himself , say something to the effect of , ' who the fuck be Omar sadiki . 's hoffman be interrupt by a small fist tapping on the glass door . he cup the cigarette and look at he son who 's hold up a toy that need new battery . hoffman what the fuck 's daddy suppose to do about that ? go ask mommy . intercut : ferris climb into a wait suv . tony , in front , hand a gun and ammunition back to ferris , and pull the car away . skip be sit nervously beside ferris . ferris I be bring he in . hoffman who . ferris sadiki . he 's gonna get hurt . hoffman oh , please . decide what side of the cross you be on , buddy . I need nailer , not hanger . ferris I be bring he in . he 's innocent , Ed . hoffman oh , please ! sadiki be not innocent -- the only difference between he and the other Salafi motherfucker be he be the only one with a job . ( ferris have hang up ) ferris ? ( continued ) 172 172a chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 112 . continued : 172 in the car , ferris flip he phone close . he look over at skip , who look deservedly anxious . ferris punch he in the head . as skip spit blood . back to scene hoffman ferris ! hello ! ext . residential STREET ( riyadh ) - day 172a the suv pull to the curb . tony indicate a particular house down the block . ferris climb out tucking he gun in the waistband behind he back . skip and tony clip they own gun and stay in the car . as ferris walk toward the house , he notice another park car with a couple guy in it . could be anyone , but he keep a eye on they as he keep go . the front door of the house open and sadiki step out look scared to death . he head quickly for he car , park the other way from where ferris be come ... ferris Omar ... sadiki look back . see ferris . stare at he ... ferris it 's okay ... sadiki what be you do here ? ferris ( in Arabic ) come with I . sadiki what ? sadiki look around . see the guy in the other car . look back to ferris confuse : what be haye andover Bank 's Brad scanlon do here ? ferris ( shouting in Arabic ) you have to trust I , Omar ! sadiki do not . bolt . ferris take off after he . tony shove the suv in gear -- ( continued ) 172a 173-177 178 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 113 . continued : 172a from the rooftop -- perhaps someone 's Pov -- sadiki can be see sprinting across the street to he car -- ferris reach it just as sadiki close the door and lock it . ferris smashes at the side window , try to grab sadiki , but he 's get the car start , kick at the accelerator . sadiki speed down the street -- toward tony speed toward he . both , to avoid collide , have the presence of mind to pull at they steering wheel . unfortunately , they both turn the same way , and do collide -- skip , without a steering wheel to hold onto , be throw through the windshield of the suv -- as ferris sprint toward the crash , sadiki hobble out from he car . the guy from the other car grab and drag he back to theirs , cover by the gunman on the roof -- ferris only get one shot off before the gunfire from above strafe the park car he 's use for cover . he look up , see gunman along the rooftop , return they fire on the run as he try to catch up to sadiki -- tony be try to drag skip to cover when the shot from above drive he back . the kidnapper throw sadiki in they car and pull away from the carnage -- omitted 173-177 int . a room somewhere - night 178 sadiki sit alone in a room . he 's not tie up , but he 's scared . a arab man we have never see before come in and sit down . silence . then -- all in Arabic -- subtitle : man God praise you for you work . nothing from sadiki . man the Sheikh praise you for you work . nothing from sadiki . ( continued ) chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 114 . 178 continued : 178 man the House of Islam rejoice at the strike you have make against the House of War . sadiki can not take it . sadiki I do not know what you be talk about . I be a architect . man you have nothing to be afraid of here . do you think we be the moukhabarat ? do you think we be Americans try to trick you ? sadiki I do not want to know who you be ! 179 int . another room - same time 179 where Al - saleem and a few other man listen to the interview and watch a close - circuit video of it live : man ( v.o. ) Mr. sadiki , we have read you statement take credit for what you do at incirlik . you do not have to pretend . we be not angry that you take we money ... look what you have do with it ! we congratulate you ... sadiki ( v.0 . ) someone else be do something to I I do not understand . the american have do this . close on al-saleem study the video image of sadiki 's frighten plead face . sadiki ( v.0 . ) ( lose it ) the american do this to I ! he pretend to want I to design a bank . I will tell you everything I know . the man reach out and touch Omar 's prayer - callus . ( continued ) 179 180 181 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 115 . continued : 179 man ( v.o. ) you be a pious man . we will believe you . the awful thing be that if Al - saleem do believe he , he be dead . man ( v.o. ) tell about this american . ext . a ditch somewhere - night 180 some kid with goat move along a embankment stop and look down at dark water in a ditch below . there 's something half - submerge in it : sadiki 's body . int . hospital ( riyadh ) - day 181 ferris get a snack from a vend machine , carry it down a corridor to a door guard by tony and Saudi security , go inside and sit . skip , who have survive , sleep , flanke by ivs . ferris 's phone ring . ferris yeah . hoffman sadiki 's dead . nothing from ferris . hoffman be you there ? ferris I hear you . hoffman I do not kill he , buddy . ferris I know you do not . I do . hoffman here we go ... ( a beat ) you know , buddy , this just be not constructive . ( continued ) 181 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 116 . continued : 181 ferris how be you measure that ? by how much closer you get to Al - saleem ? you probably get a shitload of chatter and then it stop . hoffman that 's right . ferris lean against the wall . ferris then where be Al - saleem ? hoffman do not know and neither do ferris . hoffman there 's data to be analyze ... ferris I have have it . I can not do this anymore . hoffman do not be a drama queen for Christ 's sake . get some sleep for a couple hour and call I when you be think straight . ferris I be think straight . you be not and you can not because you be a million fuckin’ mile away . I be here . I see every fuck day what you only look at picture of . I be think straight . nothing from hoffman . ferris absently touch the fester wound that aisha pull the last piece of bassam from . ferris it 's not work . ferris hang up . hoffman hang up and look at the analyst in the room all look at he . eventually , more to himself -- hoffman I should pack . 182 183 184 185 186 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 117 . int . ferris 's apartment ( amman ) - day 182 footstep . rattle of a key in the lock . the door open and ferris 's shoe step on a manila envelope just inside . he open the envelope . find inside it : a surveillance photo of himself with aisha walk toward he car after the debacle in mu’tah . no note . suddenly : ext . aisha' build ( amman ) - day 183 on SOUND -- a ringing phone -- as ferris hurry across the road and into the building -- cell phone to he ear -- int . hallway of aisha 's apartment - moment later 184 the ringing phone go to aisha 's voice mail . ferris disconnect it and hit '' redial '' as he hurry down the hallway . the ringing phone again as he knock , get no answer , try the knob . it turn . he enter -- int . aisha' apartment —- continuous action 185 it 's be rifle , nothing destroy , but everything askew , nothing where it be . book have be pull off the shelf . aisha 's cell phone vibrate on the desk ... ferris pull he pistol . ferris aisha ? no answer . in the kitchen , ferris see the remain of breakfast : a bowl of cereal , open carton of milk . he smell the milk : not bad yet . it 's then he see : a trail of drop of blood that lead to the back door . he follow it . come through the back door and look at the flight of open stair lead down into a alley . he hurry back in , hit a speed dial number on he phone , pocket aisha 's now silent cell phone from the desk . ferris I need a team . immediately . int . aisha' apartment - night 186 a Amman Station FBI forensics team dust for print , take blood sample , as ferris sit with aisha 's sister and kid . embassy guy come in and gesture to ferris they need to talk . ferris join he . ( continued ) 186 187 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 118 . continued : 186 embassy guy hoffman want you to call he . say yours be go straight to voice mail . he 's on he way here from Washington . the embassy guy offer he phone , but ferris do not take it . int . a restaurant in amman - night ( later ) 187 ferris know where he be go . come past marwan , sit at the bar and head into the back of the place where hani be entertaining a gorgeous indian woman . ferris stand and stare at hani . if hani know anything , he be a impeccable actor . the indian woman realize it be time to visit the lady room . after she 's go : ferris I invent Omar sadiki . he 's not a jihadist ... I move he around ... move money . he be my operation . then I lose he . hani that be impossible ... ferris why . hani because it would mean you sit in my office and lie to I to my face . ferris do not bother apologize , and hani do not expect he to . ferris they have kidnap a friend of mine , hani , to get to I . you know who I be talk about . I need you help broker a trade . her for I . they will kill she , hani . hani take a sip of wine . let ferris wait . then -- hani you have lie to I . I will not help you . Goodbye . 188 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 119 . ext . queen alia airport ( amman ) - night ( later ) 188 hoffman come down the step of a private jet , cell phone to he ear . ferris wait for he on the tarmac . hoffman close the phone and they cross the tarmac to a car -- hoffman you should have tell I you be get serious about the girl , buddy . we could have watch she . ferris they leave the phone . I know how this go , Ed . they take aisha . this mean someone have to take she place . hoffman if she 's alive . ferris she 's gotta be alive . hoffman probably she 's alive . at least they want you to think so . that 's the good part . ferris what 's the bad part ? hoffman well , they know about you . that you work for the agency . that tell we two thing . one , the people who have aisha be run the show and be close to Al - saleem . two , they have learn enough from miss aisha to know that she 's you pal . which be to say , she 's be interrogate . ferris she 's alive . they will call . hoffman you can not tell hani . do you go see hani ? ferris no . hoffman by ' no 's you mean ' yes ? 's ( continued ) +e + % + % +e + % + HH HH HH + % chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 119a . 188 continued : 188 ferris yes . hoffman why do you do that ? ferris because I have to trust everyone right now . hoffman no , you only have to trust I . what do he say ? ferris ma’alesh . because I lie to he . * again . he 's not go to help . as they climb into one of the embassy car by the plane , aisha 's cell phone vibrate once in ferris 's pocket ... a text message ... ferris and hoffman both read : insert - text message '' Mr ferris , please call miss aisha , 963.9325.8771 '' back to scene ferris start to make the call . hoffman put a hand on * the phone . * hoffman no . we have to get it set up . we have to do it right . this be not just about you and you girlfriend . +e 189 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 120 . int . US embassy ( amman ) - audio room - night ( later ) 189 ferris , a phone to he ear , listen to ringing . wider reveal hoffman and some NSA tech in a room full of trace equipment . the call connect . ferris this be Roger ferris . I want to talk to aisha . arab voice ( v.o. ) okay , mister , thanks God you be call . I have a question , to make sure you be you , please . ferris Fine . arab voice ( v.o. ) where do you meet miss aisha , first time ? ferris a medical clinic in Amman . she 's a nurse . arab voice ( v.o. ) where do you take miss aisha for dinner , first time ? ferris I do not . she invite I to she apartment for dinner . arab voice ( v.o. ) do you bring anything ? ferris I do . dessert . pastry . ( continued ) 189 190 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 121 . continued : 189 arab voice ( v.o. ) if you want to see miss aisha you must go where I say . to trade you for she . no trick or miss aisha will die . ferris tell I where I be to go . arab voice ( v.o. ) I tell you where to go . it be near the border ... highway 15 ... dera ... the street be ... everyone in the room be write it down ... arab voice ( v.o. ) that 's where you go . Goodbye . int . US embassy - night ( later ) 190 ferris and hoffman be alone in the audio room now . one of they be look at a dead man . eventually -- ferris we body count of innocent people be pretty high and she have nothing to do with this . it 's my decision . hoffman I do not agree with this ferris . it 's a goddamn waste . ferris it 's be nice if you could have a predator up there -- in case I get lucky . hoffman I can not risk have you take . ferris ( cynically ) but you get to catch the bad guy , Ed . can not pass that one up , can you ? hoffman I can not risk have you take . hoffman push a box across the table contain -- ferris open it -- a gel bridge . silence . ( continued ) 190 continued : chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 121a . 190 hoffman this be a gel bridge . you put it in you mouth , bite down hard on it . it release a poison , very quick , very easy and taste good , or so I be tell . I have not have pleasure . ferris would you take one of this ? hoffman I take one of this every time I fly ... do we agree on this ? I will not think you be a pussy if you say no . but I will end the conversation and the operation right now . ferris put the box in he coat . 191 192 193 194 195 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 122. ext . highway 15 ( near the syrian border ) - dawn 191 a BMW roar along the road . we see a sign ahead in Arabic and English for dera ( which incidentally be where lawrence cop one from the bey ) . omitted 192 ext . a alleyway ( dera ) - dawn 193 the BMW turn into a courtyard where a mercede taxi wait , the taxi driver calmly smoking a cigarette . ferris get out , take a deep breath , listen to the neighborhood sound : child , mother , radio , bird . he glance back at the rear-side window of the BMW , but all he see in the black tint be he own reflection . he cross to the mercede . the taxi driver , who look like a gangster , lift the back seat revealing a space between it and the trunk . ferris get in it and be hand a bottle of water . ferris 's Pov the compartment be close . black . fade in : ext . syrian border post - dawn 194 the taxi driver have the fix in : the car be wave through into Syria . ext . dead town on a windswept plain ( syria ) - day 195 the mercede , have cross a hundred mile of empty plain , stop at a outcropping of rubble wall that be once a small town . the driver help ferris out of the compartment and lead he away from the car , tell he -- driver ( in Arabic ) okay , stand here . ferris can not imagine why , but do as he 's tell . ( continued ) 195 196 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 123 . continued : 195 the driver walk across the '' street '' of the '' town , '' eye darting to the few place someone could be hide . he reach a particular rubble wall . look behind it . kneel down . as ferris watch , the Driver stand back up with a nike sport bag -- of all thing -- in he hand . ferris ( in Arabic ) what 's that ? the Driver cross back to he cab without answer , throw the bag onto the front seat , and point off . driver ( in Arabic ) you go there . she 's there . ferris look to where he 's point , but there 's nothing to see there -- or anywhere -- but endless desert . ferris ( in Arabic ) where . but the Driver have give enough instruction . climb into he car . drive away . ferris watch the car drive off , look back to where the Driver point ... and begin to walk '' there '' ... ext . desert - day 196 ferris sit alone in the middle of a absolutely flat plain . nothing in sight in any direction . he glance off in the general direction of a faint sound and see in the far distance through heat wave : a small cloud of roiling dust with a black center that could be a rider on a black horse . gradually , as it come closer , he can discern it 's actually a car lead three other car , speed toward he across the hardpan . he pull a rock closer to he and smashes he phone against it . take out the SIM card with its store of number , cover it with sand , toss the phone away . he look up into the sky shield he eye to the bright sun , hope to see a metallic glint -- a predator -- but see nothing there . he stand . and like a condemn man , light a last cigarette as he wait for the arrival of he kidnapper . 197 198 199 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 124. int . US embassy ( amman ) - same time 197 a screen : from 20,000 foot : a graphic live image from mile above the desert , of the dust cloud -- like the contrail of a jet -- move toward the dot that be ferris . hoffman , holiday , and several other watch . ext . desert - continuous action - day 198 the four car stop thirty yard away from ferris , dust engulf they . ferris raise he hand , so there 's no mistake , but nothing happen . no one appear from the dust . in Arabic : ferris where be she ? where be she ? several armed man suddenly break through the wall of dust and throw ferris to the ground . they quickly search he for weapon and gps device , duct - tape he hand behind he back , and drag he into the dust cloud to one of the idling car . int . US embassy ( amman ) - same time 199 everyone stare at the predator image , which be the cloud of dust , and nothing else . then the four car emerge from it , drive straight for a bit , then split apart in four different direction ... hoffman ( to himself ) fuck I ... everyone look at hoffman who for once in he life look unsure of himself . voice ( 0.s. ) ( somewhere ) what do we do ? which one do we follow ? it 's the Lady or the Tiger , only the odd be worse . no answer be the right one ... hoffman that one . to the north . he point to one of the car only because he have to point to one of they . and , to himself : hoffman sorry , buddy . 200 201 202 203 204 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 125 . int . a terrible room - night 200 wherever we be , it 's very close to the blow speaker of a mosque . bug crawl on shattered wall . ferris 's belonging and wallet be sort through . his watch be put on a skinny wrist . his matchbox be shake . the tablet be turn over in finger . ferris -- we assume it 's ferris -- there 's a black cloth sack over he head -- sit on a cot -- the only '' furniture '' in the room -- hand still duct - tape behind he . his head turn to the sound of a door open , and someone -- more than one -- lift he from the cot and lead he out . int . a car ( somewhere ) - moving - night 201 ferris can only listen to where he 's head now -- which could be anywhere , he figure , within a 500 - mile radius of where he be pick up . int . another room ( somewhere ) - night 202 he 's asleep -- or at least lie down -- in another anonymous room . int . car - moving - night 203 another drive . the same nothing - but-car-engine clue to where he be , which be no clue . int . another room ( somewhere ) - day 204 ferris now sit on a wooden chair , without which the room would be bare . he hear the door open , someone walk in , set something down . he feel a hand near he neck and flinch slightly , but it 's only take the sack from he head from behind . as the cloth come off , ferris see this tableaux in front of he : a small wooden table . wash basin , hand - towel , soap , plastic bic razor . stand next to the table , look rather more wary of ferris than ferris be of he , a arab man wear a little white cap and traditional dress , like a attendant at a bathhouse . attendant ( in Arabic ) make yourself clean . 205 206 207 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 126. int . the room - night 205 the chair have be move against the wall . ferris be sit on it , bright light shine on he clean-shaven face . Fifteen foot away , just beyond light on stand , be a video camera on a tripod , its red record light blink . behind that , in the shadow , stand several man . one of the man come forward with another chair . position it and sit . one of the other man look in the camera eyepiece , and , like every cameraman in the world , have to fool with the set dress , gesture to the man in the chair to move it one inch to the right . man ( hold out paper ) say what be on this paper . say you be sorry to the Muslim people . ferris read the paper , then hand it back . ferris fuck you . men start to move at he , but a signal be give and they relax . Pov through the video eyepiece ferris against the wall , and the back of the man in the chair , like the moderator of a interview program , still slightly in frame . the camera zoom just enough to put he o.s . ferris do not see he , but mustafa karami be among the dark figure behind the camera . ( make sure there 's enough without karami visible , for later reveal . ) someone else go out a door . ext . STREET ( somewhere ) - night ( later ) 206 a car pull up . a figure climb from the passenger seat . as he enter a building , the car continue down the street , perhaps to go around back ... int . the room - night 207 the crew wait for the talent . the door behind they open and he come in . ( continued ) 207 207a chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 127 . continued : 207 stands completely backlit -- to ferris -- look at he . then -- have do this before -- he go around the light stand and cord and hit he mark without have enter the video 's frame . ferris -- in full light -- be now look at Al - saleem backlit in the chair . Long silence . the blink light on the camera . finally -- al-saleem salaam , c.i.a . he say each letter as if it be a word . ferris salaam , Sheikh . al-saleem I be not the Sheikh . the Sheikh who be , God praise he , be the Sheikh who always be . I be he servant . ferris wait . no one say anything . ferris where be the girl ? al-saleem cock he head , puzzle . ferris ( angry ) where be she ? al-saleem be genuinely puzzle for a moment . then after a long beat . al-saleem I think the trickster have be trick . you be buy , my friend . ferris have the dawn of a smile . he 's figure it out . intercut : hoffman 207a sitting in a chair at the embassy , look morally ambiguous . ferris who sell I ? ( off no answer ) ( more ) ( continued ) 207a chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 128 . continued : 207a ferris ( cont 'd ) we do not negotiate . you think you will trade I for you brother . al-saleem why would I want they , mister ferris ? I do not need they , there 's more where they come from . this be a world of poverty and frustration and filth and humiliation . there 's no shortage of recruit in this world . the brother look at each other . ferris be fuck and he know it but he see a way to play the situation : ferris I forget I be talk to a man who murder he own man but never risk himself . who feel he ' brother 's be dispensable . glance past Al - saleem to the executioner in the shadow behind the camera . there be a stir among the brother . Al - saleem , piss off that he have a unusual slip of ego , study he ... al-saleem be you a Jew ? ferris for you ? why not ? he move like lightning to drive he thumb into Al - saleem 's eye . al - saleem fall backwards , he eye socket merely graze . ferris , still not recover from he lunge , be shot in the thigh . he fall to the plastic - cover floor . al - saleem , a bit of blood at the corner of he eye socket , grab the agonize ferris by the shirt . al-saleem I could bind you . you want to be bound ? ferris 's hand be lash behind he back . al - saleem ( punch ferris ) how do you like it ? do you like it ? pay attention . he spit on ferris . ( continued ) chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 129 . 207a continued : 207a ferris you have more of we attention than you want . al-saleem I do ? please tell I . ferris be grab and sit in he chair . he almost scream when he leg be flex . recover ... al-saleem tell I about this ' attention . 's ferris I would rather it be a surprise . al-saleem there be no surprise . ferris how long do it take you to use you phone after the ' fig orchard , 's Sheikh ? al-saleem stare at he . ferris how long do it take ? al-saleem backhand he . al-saleem you know nothing . what country be you in ? ferris do you think the people who ' sell 's I be what they seem to be , Sheikh ? al-saleem there be always precaution . no one know where you be . and because hoffman lose ferris on predator cam , we think so , too . al-saleem do you think you will be rescue ? do you think the cavalry be come for you ? let 's wait . let 's listen for you friend . ( continued ) 207a chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 130 . continued : 207a Al - saleem let silence settle in the room . a long pause . the Brothers be grin . al - saleem pick up ferris 's embassy id . look at it . al-saleem I be not go to torture you , mister ferris . I know you will not read what be prepare for you on the paper . ( crumple it ) you know what that camera be for . it 's not for this . this be intermission . it 's for what come after this . ferris do know . and when Al - saleem get up , he know the time for it have come . Al - saleem calmly walk away , back the way he come , around the light stand and cord , and out the door . ferris 's eye shift to the blink red light on the camera . then behind it to the man get ready in the shadow -- gather up they behead knife , put on they black knit mask . and then they come ... ferris , who be not cuffed , go for the close one , digging he thumb into the man 's eye , but be quickly set upon by the other who knock he to the floor , and in a violent blur , punch and kick he to within a inch of unconsciousness , a horrific beat ... now they cinch he hand behind he back with nylon cuff . lift he up and sit he on the chair . line up behind he , pose with they knife for the camera . one of they , who we might recognize from he eye as Al - saleem 's lieutenant , speak to it , in Arabic ( subtitles ) : lieutenant when the believer see the ally , they say : this be what Allah and he Apostle promise we , and Allah and he Apostle speak the truth , increase they in they faith . he 's do . grab ferris 's hair to pull he head back for the knife that will cut it off -- ferris 's eye shift as if to see the knife but as he do he see a man stand to the side who he have not see before in the room : mustafa karami . ferris have a instant to recognize that hani 's guy be stare at he . ( continued ) 207a 208 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 131 . continued : 207a a flashbang clatter across the dusty wooden floor . everyone look to it as it explode , concuss they . ferris 's hair blast back as he topple from the chair . Doors and shutter be tear away and brilliant light burst in on the already blind man -- men in black tactical advance into the room , shoot some of the jihadist , slamm other to the floor . ferris , lie with blood trickle from a ear , watch boot go past he face ... see jihadist drag away from he across the floor toward the open door ... see exquisite loafer step into the room and approach he face ... hani ( 0.s. ) help he . ferris feel someone cut the nylon tie behind he back , but not much else , not even the deep rough jab of the morphine syringe into he neck ... int . a hospital room — day 208 ferris be sit up on crisp hospital bed sheet , ina private room , face batter , but clean and stitched . a nurse enter , and ferris glimpsis a soldier in the hallway before the door close again . ferris where be I ? nurse Amman . the nurse check ferris 's dress , without much tlc . like million of other , she probably hate he . hani appear in the doorway , wear the same loafer , bite the end off a cigar . as he come in , ( in Arabic ) -- nurse you can not smoke in here , sir . hani I be hani salaam . I can smoke anywhere I like , my dear . he sit with he unlit cigar . wait for she to leave . light it up with he gold lighter and look at ferris . ( continued ) 208 continued : chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 132 . 208 hani you can always tell who care about you most by who come first to visit you in a hospital . I think I be first . which , however , would not be difficult because no one else know where you be . ferris nod ; hani bat at cigar smoke with he hand . hani look around for something to use as a ashtray , draw a small plastic wastebasket closer with he shoe . hani Edward could not find you . with all he aircraft . all he people . all he money ... how do I do it ? ferris with karami , who you leave in place . hani my compliment . ( a beat ) it be clear why Edward find you so valuable . ( blow smoke ) I be sorry I be late . a few minute later ? I shudder to think . ferris 's hand grab hani by the collar of he nice shirt . hani do not resist . think hani might have be deliberately a little too late . ferris I shudder too , hani . and how frighten be aisha when you take she ? hani not at all . I explain that it be for reason of state security . I be very polite . ferris there be blood . hani she give blood every month . she be a thoughtful woman . ferris loosen he grip on he . hani shrug like , no mystery there . ( continued ) 208 208a chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 133 . continued : 208 hani I have explain to she that you try to give you life for hers . that go very far with woman . indeed with people in general . I think she will talk to you again . ferris smile . ferris she do not want a man in the CIA , hani. hani look appraisingly at ferris through cigar smoke . hani perhaps ... you can give she that . be it a job offer ? ferris perhaps . hani you be a hero , my dear . perhaps not so much as I . but we shall not be overwhelm by vanity . Ed shall find a way to have all the credit . we shall let he have it . hani stand . ferris what do you get out of Al - saleem ? hani smile . a video 208a a bedraggle look Al - saleem be read a statement in Arabic off a shaking paper . it look like the first video we see he in . subtitled : al-saleem because to my shame I have be a agent of the Jews and crusader , no operation be safe . the man beside you be not you friend . do not trust he . do not trust the brother . we be penetrate . 209 210 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 134 . ext . a restaurant in amman - day 209 armore suv and ear-piece security outside a unfrequented trattoria strangely like the one across from the berber Palace . int . the restaurant —- continuous action 210 hoffman sit look at ferris , wait for the answer to the same question hani ask ... hoffman you be blow here . you be come back with I where there 's a office down the hall from mine , and as soon as I throw the guy in it out of it , it 's yours . more money . less sunscreen and couscous . ferris down the hall from you . hoffman do not think about it too long , I will take it as a slight . besides what else be you go to do , stay here ? ferris why would not I . hoffman why would you ? ferris I like the Middle East . hoffman no one like the Middle East . there 's nothing to like here . ferris regards hoffman for a long moment ... ferris that 's the problem right there . ferris get up to leave . hoffman cast around in he chair . finally manage to admit : hoffman you be the best I get . you know it kill I to say that . ( continued ) + h HH + % + * + % 210 continued : chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 134a . 210 ferris good luck with the war , ed. hoffman you be not safe here . ferris or anywhere else , come to think of it . ( beat ) ferris safe trip home . say hi to the wife and kid . +h of + % 210 a 210b chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 135 . ext . palestinian camp ( amman ) - day 210 a ferris stand some distance away from the camp clinic . watch aisha attend to patient . helping people who need help . something he 's never really do . he think about go over there to talk to she . then do not . walk away . ext . amman STREET market - day 210b a vendor put some konafa pastry , the same kind ferris bring to aisha 's apartment when he have dinner there , in the same kind of box . hani ( 0.s. ) for you , or for a friend ? ferris see hani pick through fruit at another stall , not look at he , like he 's talk to himself -- hani because if they be for someone important -- and I have a feel they be -- I should show you where you can get better one . ferris this will do . ferris pay for the pastry , walk over to hani and watch he carefully select fruit . ( continued ) 210 B 211,212 213 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 136 . continued : 210b ferris Al - saleem do not get away , do he ? you let he escape . hani you be think like I now . that could be dangerous . be you sure you do not have arab blood ? ferris we think like that too , hani , not just you . hani the war will go on with or without you -- which be it go to be , do you think ? with or without you ? if there 's one thing ferris be not certain of , it 's that . hani you be right . do not answer that yet . live life . enjoy the pastry and the company of you friend . we can talk later . you know where to find I . here , take this strawberry . they will make up for you inferior konafa . hani give he a bag of strawberry and disappear into the marketplace . ferris wander off the other way , come around a stall and notice a guy he immediately peg as a agent . the guy turn away ; ferris browse at produce . hoffman ( v.o. ) what 's he do ? agent ( v.o. ) nothing . buying vegetable . omitted 211,212 int . queen alia airport ( amman ) - same time - day 213 hoffman , in a executive terminal , help himself to a croissant and coffee , phone mic dangle from he ear -- hoffman watch he . if nothing else , maybe someone will try to take he and we can see who it be . 214 215 216 217 218 219 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 137 . ext . the amman STREET - same time 214 the agent hang up he cell phone . keeps a eye on ferris . watch as he walk away , into the danger all around he -- a predator view 215 of ferris walk away . voice ( v.o . ) what about we ? int . CIA ( langley ) - same time 216 the same live overhead image of ferris walk away . predator operator be we follow he , too ? int . queen alia airport ( amman ) - same time 217 hoffman be face with a momentous decision ... nonfat , 2 % skim , or pure cream in three silver milk boat , each with its own little identify paper tag . he choose the thick cream , stir it slowly in he coffee in the executive lounge , and -- hoffman no . too expensive . he 's not worth that much . buddy 's do . the predator view 218 of ferris widen until he be just a speck among many in the crowded arab street , and keep widening until we see the whole city , the Dead Sea , Israel , Syria , Iraq , Saudi Arabia , the Mediterranean Sea ... on SOUND : a aural collage : Intelligence chatter . and : in london 219 the milk van tool through soho Square , park . a man get out , disappear around the corner ... 220 221 chatter 9/21/07 -- pink 138. in paris 220 a newspaper van park near the tuilery ... and on cctv cameras around the world 221 one van , then another , then another , then another , the aural collage increase in volume and intensity , until we go to : black . the end