boiler room =========== ext . garden state parkway - night Three luxury bus with black - out window speed toward Atlantic City . a laser show explode off of trump Plaza . CUT to : int . bus - night ( continuous ) seth davis stare out the window . Seth be 20 year old . no menace physical presence but a sharpness that you feel right off . he 's a smart kid . confident but edgy . eye always darting . the bus be fill with 19 and 20 year old . they wear very sharp suit : Hugo boss , armani , very slick . they be go nut . card game in the aisle . five guy throw dice in the back . booze and coke , yell , scream . ext . bus - night ( continuous ) exterior shot of the casinos bring we into bally 's Grand . int . bally - night ( continuous ) a top level manager for bally 's run toward they . he greet michael brandtley with a warm handshake . Michael own jt marlin , the company that this kid work for . manager Mr. brantley , how be you ? michael great , great . manager would you prefer to go to the ballroom first , or be you go to hit the table right off ? michael let 's go to the room . the boy look hungry . CUT to : int . large ballroom - night ( continuous ) a buffet and a full bar set up against a wall . staff member be there to serve . a huge projection tv occupy another wall . the door open as we approach , and the group enter . Seth smile widely as he enter . the group have attack the buffet and the bar . a large group of manager be snort coke off a glass coffee table . a dice game be beginning . at least 30 guy be in front of the tv betting on a horse race . richie Holy shit , that 's the jockey from Venezuela . he 's a sicko . I hear he weigh like forty - eight pound . CHRIS no , 119 , but you be close , slut . richie whatever . give I three to one on that skinny nigga . greg do I a favor , richie ... richie ( laugh ) you wanna throw down ? Seth be sit in a armchair with a drink in he hand . Michael move to the front of the room to make a announcement . he have a glass of wine in he hand . michael quiet down a second . I want you all to know that that piker at the nasd be finally off we ass . jt marlin once again have unlimited trading authorization . I tell you guy , you can not keep a good man down . ( big applause ) we be the superstar now . jp Morgan just fax over they congratulation . it say , " welcome to the Club . " this also mean that the team head by ron and Anthony who be good enough to give up they rep number , can stop cold call and start trading again . welcome back . to show you guy just how appreciative I be , I have a little something extra for you . I want all of you guy from that team to go up to suite 418 . we be player now , boy , let 's celebrate it . salute ! they all go wild . CUT to : int . suite 418 - night ( later ) close up on richie , a broker with a bad temper , who be fuck a prostitute from behind on one of the double bed in the room . he 's still half dress . there be nothing sensual about it . we pan over to the other bed where another broker be fuck a prostitute . the two man be look at each other and laugh . the woman be quiet . there be a lot of noise come from the hallway in the form of lewd cheer . CUT to : int . hallway - night ( continuous ) there be 17 more guy wait in line . marc take it to them , richie !! todd and take it quick , we be all wait out here . everyone laugh as we fade to black . it do down and then one voice ring out , loud and crude . voice put it in you ass ! fade out . three month earlier int . reception area / jt marlin - morning we follow greg feinstein through a reception office . greg be a senior broker here at jt marlin . he walk tall , wear expensive clothing , drive a Ferrari . but if you look close you can see the high school loser who make good . a attractive secretary in she mid-twenty , debbie hilliard , pick she head up when greg walk in . Debbie be black . she 's street smart and have that " in the know " look about she . greg walk straight up to Debbie . he do not look happy . greg Morning baby . you wanna tell I where the fuck you be last night ? debbie not particularly . and do not call I baby . ( pause ) greg , I be not sure how better to explain this to you , but it 's over . greg that what you think ? debbie ( nonpluss ) kiss off would you , I have get work to do . greg , incense , grab she by the arm as a group of broker walk in . he try to act like he 's show she something on the computer but she angrily shake loose of he grip . greg leave she and walk into ... CUT to : int . boiler room - morning ( continuous ) ... the trading room of jt marlin . the cold light of this enormous room almost blind the viewer . the room be spartan . this be no traditional trading house . each broker 's desk touch another on either side as well as directly ahead . it look like one very long cafeteria style table with broker sit across from and next to each other . there be close to twenty broker sit at each table . on the table be only two item , phone and index card . a secretary be at the head of each table . they answer income call . we move quickly along one of the table , pass broker on the phone , they pitch meld into one another . broker # 1 about how much would you say you have invest in the market right now ? more than a half million , less than ...? broker # 2 no , no , no . you do not want out now . I be tell you this stock be go to thirty . I be in very heavy myself . just stay put . broker # 3 I do not know if you have ever have the opportunity to purchase ipo before but we have a company that we be bring to market in the next ... broker # 4 look , we have to move on this right now . this be gonna happen in the next week . we do not want to marry this stock . we be in we be out ... greg no , I understand why you would be concerned . you just have to calm down for a second . you see nothing 's change . we game plan 's the same . look , this be off the record , but I speak to the controller this morning . he assure I that they will be report better than expect third quarter earning next month . ( soothing ) right . see I be tell you , just sit tight , everything 's fine . it 's type two buy power . you be golden . call I in a month from now when you be rich . bye . one of greg 's trainee , marc , approach with a stack of card . marc here you go , greg . greg I hope this be better than the last batch of shit you give I . you produce more wood than ron Jeremy . marc what ? what do you mean ? greg I see you make you call . listen to I , you can not just get on the phone and say , ' can I send you some information ? ' if you want they off the phone so bad , why do not you just hang up ? you have to excite they about thing . you want they to beg for a broker on that first call . Debbie walk through the trading floor to drop a package off at a broker 's desk . greg watch , seethe . marc you be right . I freeze up when ... greg just stop pussy out every time someone pick up the phone ; it 's what you want . CUT to : int . queen college dine hall - day Three student sit at a table eat lunch . they be all white , 19 year old , come from family with money . kid you still owe I twenty - five buck . his friend have a hamburger in he mouth as he hear this and almost spit it out to answer . kid 2 from what ? kid I spot you at douglaston last week . remember ? the birdie on nine ? kid 2 oh yeah , yeah . he reach into he pocket and pull out a bunch of chip from a casino . he lay they out on the table and count out $ 25 . all of the chip say " Seth 's " on they . kid 2 ( cont 'd ) here you go . now pass I the sauerkraut , you stank ho . he take the chip , count they , and drop they in he shirt pocket . the third friend 's interest be perk . kid 3 yo , where do you get that ? kid mind you fuck business . CUT to : ext . house - day ( continuous ) a black acura pull up in front of a attach home in New Garden Hills , queen . the boy from school get out of the car and go up to the front door . CUT to : int . seth's bedroom - day ( continuous ) a comforter hang in front of the window . nothing be in order except for a desk in the corner with a ledger book on it . a hard knocking be hear and Seth stir in he sleep . the knock be hear again and this time Seth straighten up . CUT to : int . doorway - day ( continuous ) Seth come run down the stair . the knock be steady now . he open the door to josh 's raise fist about to knock . seth sorry about that . CUT to : int . live room - day ( continuous ) there be two full - size couch and a coffee table . a large - screen tv , vcr , and sega game system sit in one corner . the window in the room be cover by red-velvet curtain . the centerpiece of the room be two blackjack table . they be for real -- professional felt , cash box , stool . Seth hit the light . he stand there in sweat pants and a " cun linguist " T-shirt , deal to the three kid . CUT to : ext . house - day Seth stand at the door of a affluent look home in flatbush . after one knock , he mother come to the door . mother I be just say , this be not good , Seth . you be late and you father 's really upset with you . he will not even tell I what it be . I just want to warn you . she go back to the kitchen before Seth can respond . he open the screen door and walk in . he 's nervous . int . house - day his family be eat dinner . Seth 's father , marty davis , do not even look up from he plate . marty be a Federal judge . he 's a intimidating man both in he work and personal life . Seth move toward the empty seat . his young brother neil , be happy to see he though . neil what 's up , Seth ? seth hey bro , how 's school ? marty that 's a good question . you want to tell I what happen , Seth ? neil we do not know if you be still come . seth there be traffic . marty so ? seth do not you want to wait till after dinner ? mother yeah , I think that 's a better ... marty answer the question . everyone stop eat . there 's no more deny the tension . seth I drop out . marty tell I why . seth I give it a year dad , it 's not for I . I be sure of it . marty so you have be lie to we face for six month now . six month . school fine , dad . my grade be good , dad . okay , let 's leave that for a second . if you drop out then you be not get you student loan check anymore . right ? I want to know how you be make rent every month . seth dad , please do not ask I that . there be a long pause here as Seth just stare back at she . mother you be deal drug , be not you ? seth no , of course not . I be not a drug dealer , Mom . mother well , what be you do ? this be make I nervous , Seth . seth okay . there 's a business I be run . but I be earning my money honestly . marty reach into he pocket and take out a handful of chip from Seth 's casino , slamming they down on the table . marty be this what you call earning a live ? mother ( hysterical ) what be that , marty ? be that drug ? seth yes , it 's a honest live . ask any of my customer . marty customer ? what be you talk about ? they be people 's child from this community . how do you think I get this ? anyway , it 's illegal ! you be run a back - door card game ! how do you think this reflect on I ? I be a judge for Christ 's sake ! if this ever get out ... Seth look away . he 's just too scared to maintain eye contact . marty ( cont 'd ) be you listen to I ?!! seth yes . CUT to : int . seth's casino - night the room be now fill with people . the television be blast out a knick game . the table be at they capacity . many more stand around place bet on the dealer 's hand . Seth be deal on one table and one of he employee , jeff , a even young look kid , deal at another . one patron be at the center of all the action . he look very nervous about the stake he 's play . seth ( stone cold ) that 's sixteen . casino patron hit I . Seth put a King on top of he hand . seth and bust . I be sorry . the patron be fume over he loss . he slam he hand down . casino patron fuck ! I can not win a fuck hand tonight . seth hey Steve ! steve ( o.s. ) yeah ? steve be the new guy there . seth get in here . ( to patron ) what kind of soda you like ? casino patron ( still angry ) I do not care ! Steve be stand at the other table struggle with the plastic on a new carton of marlboros . he hand out pack to customer , then make he way over to Seth 's table . seth ( hold out car key ) here , take my car and go get Mike a coke and a falafel . you hungry ? casino patron ( surprised ) yeah , yeah ... sure . why not ? seth come on , Mike . it 's a roller coaster , up and downs . you know that . alright , place you bet . fade out . int . seth's casino - night ( later ) the room be near empty . the clock on the wall read 3:00 am . the last two kid there finally call it quit . no more money . seth see ya guy . kid ( o.s. ) fuck you ! Steve walk they to the door and lock up after they leave . Seth remove the cash box and spill the money onto the table . there be easily $ 5,000 there . he begin to count , straighten each bill out as he go along . CUT to : ext . seth's driveway - night a black Ferrari rip around the corner . greg and Adam emerge from the car . Adam knock as greg squeeze past he . int . casino - night Seth jerk he head up from the table . he put the money aside , write a figure on a pad , and walk toward the door . CUT to : ext . door - night adam he 's not gonna let you in . he do not know you . the kid 's not stupid , greg . a small makeshift metal plate slide open on the wooden door and we see Seth 's eye look at the pair . seth's Pov seth who 's this ? adam ( o.s. ) this be my boy greg . the plate close and the door swing open . seth we think we be do for the night . adam be it too late to get a couple of hand in ? seth Nah . twenty - four / seven , you know that . Steve take they coat and hang they in the closet . seth ( cont 'd ) hey Steve , go grab a couple of sandwich . Seth lead they over to the table and discreetly put the cash away . greg take notice . Seth shuffle the card . seth ( cont 'd ) okay , house rule be as follow . we play Las Vegas with the exception of a particular side bet . you can bet over - under thirteen on the dealer 's hand with a loss occur on blackjack . greg that 's cute , like the green spot on a roulette wheel . Seth do not respond . greg ( cont 'd ) how many idiot take that bet ? seth more than you would think . greg laugh and then remove a huge wad of cash . adam alright give I ... four hundred dollar . greg you do not say anything about the betting . seth what be you think ? greg five hundred Max ? Steve , who have just walk in with the sandwich stop dead after hearing greg 's suggestion . seth we do not usually service that level of action here ... but I would hate to turn away a new customer . thing be , we may not have enough cash here to settle you at the end of the night . greg that 's okay . you can pay I tomorrow . seth ( laugh ) sure . how much you want ? greg unfold he bank roll and put down a wad of cash . greg five dime . Seth count out the money on the table . seth in what denomination ? greg denomination ? ummm , I will take three Puerto rican , two chink and a guinea . Adam , Steve and even Seth laugh , lighten the mood . greg ( cont 'd ) I will let you mix it up for I . Seth take the money and push it into the cash box . he then count up $ 5,000 in chip for greg . adam you be such a prick . gotta make I feel like I be play at the kiddie table . greg if the shoe fit , baby . oh shit . you get real chip . holding they up to Adam . greg ( cont 'd ) ( laugh ) look , they even say " Seth 's " on them . this be no joke . adam I tell you . seth at first we just use bicycle poker chip , you know , the kind you can buy in a deli . then some kid start sneaking in additional fund . adam ( laugh ) Jesus Christ . Bet you put a stop to that shit real quick . greg reach over to the platter for a sandwich . greg and you pay for food and drink for all this kid ? seth I sure as hell do not cook for they . I have already live in four place in queen . I do not think I ever turn a stove on except to light a cigarette . greg you and I both . seth but I take care of my customer . smoke , food , soda . look , I be not stupid , I never buy decaffeinate . greg ( laugh ) Holy shit , would you listen to this kid . seth ( all business ) alright . place you bet . CUT to : int . coffee shop , NYC - day Seth be sit in a booth wait for someone . a towncar pull up and Seth 's father get out . he come inside and head toward the booth . Seth stand to greet he . marty ( cold ) hi Seth . seth hey dad . the two have a awkward moment as Seth reach out to embrace he father . they be obviously uncomfortable around each other . marty ( gruff ) so what 's up ? Seth be very nervous here . he 's try to reach out toward he father . New territory . seth how you do ? marty I be fine , Seth . what 's on you mind ? seth I just feel bad about the way thing go at the house last week . I feel like we just do not get anywhere talk at home . marty ( cold ) I be not sure what there be to talk about . you be a habitual liar . you have drop out of school , you be run a illegal casino out of you apartment . you be put my career at risk . what do you want to talk about ? seth why can not we just discuss this ? maybe you be not see my side . marty you side ? you be do wrong . I be not you best friend , here to nod my head and sympathize . that 's my you mother 's racket . I be you father . I let you know when you screw up . do you think I be go to pat you on the back for this casino idea ? tell you what a entrepreneur you be ? seth no . marty so , what do you want from I ? meeting I in a coffee shop be not go to change the life you have . God , if I ever ask my father to meet I for a cup of coffee to talk about my screw - up he probably he probably would have laugh . we do not have nice little chat about why I be a bad boy . whether I be just call out for attention or not . I get smack and then I do not do it again . much simpler . seth ( mutter ) well that really work great on I , dad . marty what ? seth look dad , I be sit here and I be try to restore what 's leave of we relationship . marty ( angry ) relationship ? what be you talk about ? we be not dating , Seth . I be you father , not you girlfriend . so stop with the pop - psychology talk . do you mother feed you this crap ? seth ( embarrassed ) no . marty clean up you life . make a honest live . then we can talk like normal people . ( look at watch ) I gotta get back to work . I be hearing a grand jury indictment this afternoon . marty slap a five dollar bill on the table and leave . CUT to : int . casino - night it 's the end of the night . Seth sit with greg . greg I be just say , this be risky business . you plan on deal card to college kid when you be thirty - five ? think you will not get bust in the next two year ? you need to start think about down - the-line time . seth so I should come work for you , huh ? I guess it will be retribution for I take all you money here . greg ( laugh ) first of all , I be not do with you here . and no , you will only be work for I for a short time . you learn the rope , pass the series seven , then you be on you own . just ask Adam , he will tell you . Seth stare at he , contemplate . CUT to : int . seth's car - day Seth be drive on the lie . we see the NYC skyline through the rear window . he 's drive away from the city . CUT to : ext . boiler room - day ( continuous ) it 's lunch time as Seth pull up in he mother 's volvo wagon . the first sight he come across be 14 kid in wing - tip and dress shirt play street hockey in the parking lot . there be three ferraris right in front . the rest of the lot be fill with mercede sl 's , corvettes , and other exotics . as Seth close the car door , he spot a bright yellow " jewish mother on board " . he throw it on the floor in the back . CUT to : int . reception area - day ( continuous ) the room be pack with interviewee . some have to stand . they be all terribly dress . Sunday 's best do not cut it . the front door open and Seth walk in . he wear a sharp suit . he walk tall . all eye fall on Seth , even Debbie 's . debbie over here . seth have they start interview yet ? debbie no . seth how long do you expect the wait to be ? debbie you will all be go in at the same time . seth I think this be a interview . debbie ( find the word ) it 's a group interview . you will see . she reach under the desk and pull out a clipboard . debbie ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) here . fill this out . I would say have a seat , but that do not look like it 's go to happen . Seth do not have a clue that she be try to make conversation with he . seth that 's okay . rude kid hey , when 's this shit gettin ' start ? Debbie do not even look up from she desk . rude kid ( cont 'd ) you hear I ? debbie I hear you . I be just not answer . rude kid what the fuck ? she sigh as if she 's do talk , then ... debbie open you mouth again and I will personally guarantee you never get a job here . one of the door of the trading room open . Seth catch a glimpse of several broker crouch down , play dice near the far window of the trading room . the door close in slow motion as Seth crane to get every possible view . out walk jim young . Jim be a team leader at jt marlin . he be dress to the T . he look like someone not to be fuck with . jim alright guy , come this way . CUT to : int . boardroom - day ( continuous ) the room use mostly for interview and on the rare occasion a meeting be need with someone outside the firm . Jim walk in to find Marc sit at the head of the table . he laugh to himself . jim I be sorry , but that 's my seat . marc ( scared ) oh man , I be so sorry . jim it 's alright . Marc jump to another seat . he be chide by one of he friend , the same kid who be have word with Debbie . rude kid Fucking dumb-ass . jim you can get the fuck out of here . rude kid ( terrify ) what ? what ? jim do not talk to I , do not look at I , just pick you ass up out of that italian leather chair and get the fuck out of this room . he get up and leave without say another word . jim ( cont 'd ) we expect everyone here to treat they co-worker with a certain level of respect . everyone in the room be silent and stare at Jim . jim ( cont 'd ) ( calm ) now before I get start I have a question . have anyone here pass the series seven ? one hand go up . it 's one of the few kid who wear a good suit and be not too worried look in the wait room . series seven I have a series seven license . jim good for you , now you can get out too . series seven what ? why ? jim because we do not hire broker . we train new one . Jim wait for he to leave the room and then calmly continue . jim ( cont 'd ) this be the deal . I be not here to waste you time and I can only hope you be not here to waste mine . so I be gonna keep this short . you become a employee of this firm and you will make you first million within three year . ( pause ) okay ? let I repeat that . you will make a million dollar within three year of you first day of employment at jt marlin . everybody get that ? there be no question as to whether you will be a millionaire work at this firm , the question be how many time over . every kid in the room besides Seth be completely starry eye at this point . some mouth even hang open . Seth be excited too , but be smarter than the rest ... he do not show it . jim ( cont 'd ) you think I be joke . I be not joke . I be a millionaire . it 's a weird thing to hear , right ? I will tell you , it 's a weird thing to sa . I be a fuck millionaire . now guess how old I be ? twenty -seven . you know what that make I here ? a fuck senior citizen . this firm be entirely comprise of people you age , not mine . lucky for I , I be very fuck good at my job or I would be out of one . you guy be the new blood . you be gonna go home with the kesef . you be the future big- swing - dick of this firm . now you all look money hungry and that 's good . anybody who say money be the root of all evil , do not have it ! money can not buy happiness ? look at the fuck smile on my face . ear to ear , baby . you wanna hear detail ? I drive a Ferrari 355 cabriolet . ( throw key on desk ) I have a ridiculous house on the South fork . I have get every toy you can imagine . and best of all , kid , I be liquid . Jim take a pause here and circle the room . jim ( cont 'd ) so now that you know what 's possible , let I tell you what 's require . you be require to work you ass off . we want winner , not piker . a piker be someone who walk at the bell . a piker ask how much vacation time he get in the first year . see , people work here to become filthy rich . no other reason . that 's it . you want vacation time ? go teach third grade public school . Jim pour himself a glass of water from a carafe and drink . jim ( cont 'd ) you first six month at the firm be as a trainee ... you make one hundred and fifty dollar a week . after you be do training , you take the Series Seven test . when you pass , you become a junior broker and you will be open account for you team leader . after you open forty account you begin work for yourself and then ... sky 's the limit . now a word about be a trainee . the other broker , you parent , whoever : they be gonna give you shit about it . and it 's true , a hundred and fifty a week be not a lot of money , but pay no mind . you need to learn the business and this be the time to do it . once you pass the Series Seven none of it will matter . he pause to drink . jim ( cont 'd ) you friend be shit . you be gonna tell they you make twenty - five thousand last month and they be not go to believe you . fuck they ! you parent do not like the life you lead ? fuck you Mom and dad ! as a trainee you will be building a foundation for yourself . think of it as the foundation to a building . right ? gotta build the foundation before you can put up you skyscraper . you know what I build ? ( take out a model ) the fuck twin tower . now go home and think about whether this be for you . if you decide it be not , nothing to be embarrassed about . it 's not for everyone . but if you really want it , then give I a call on Monday and we will talk . just do not waste my time . alright . that 's it . Jim walk out of the room leave the door open behind he . no one have move from they seat . fade out . ext . boiler room - day shot of Seth walk in the building . CUT to : int . reception area / jt marlin - morning Seth walk in . from the look on he face alone , you can see it 's he first day of work . he walk past Debbie . debbie hey , Seth . he stare at she for a long moment . her beauty be hit he for the first time . no idea what she name be though . seth hi ... debbie Debbie . seth I be so sorr ... debbie ( all smile ) it 's okay . I never tell you my name . besides , you look pretty frazzle the other day . I would be surprised if you would remember . seth first day . debbie ( sarcastic ) no shit ? Seth laugh . like she already . she watch he leave . CUT to : int . boiler room - morning it 's 8:00 and the trading room be already pack . Seth sit at he new desk with a box of card in front of he . greg drop down in a seat next to he . he pick up the box of card and start right in . greg this be the d&b card . Dunn and bradstreet . seth good morning . greg check he paper as he continue ... greg they be the company that supply we with we lead . every one of this card be a opportunity . this be good lead . people on this card buy stock . you job be to call they and get they interested in the firm . you be not actually sell stock yet , but you be sell the dream . get them wet and tell they that in a month from now a senior broker will call they back with one idea . seth who be this people ? greg average client 's forty - five year old , from the Midwest , two hundred and fifty thousand dollar annual income , three million net . have a local broker , but love a New York guy who sound good on the phone . the card 's not gonna tell you any of that . only say they name , address and occupation . you gotta feel they out . ( pick up card ) here . Peter Davis , vice President of Parks telecommunication . guy 's probably a whale . see what he 's play with . Truth be it do not matter this day . with the dow where it be now , everyone want a piece of the market . I can close anyone at any time anywhere in the country . just give I a phone number . JOHN feiner , the compliance officer , walk out of Michael 's office . he look at Seth as he walk by . sheryl greg , I have John duncklee on line three . greg I be not here . after you qualify the guy you send he a press packet . it 's all really easy and it will get you feel comfortable on the phone , which be key . this entire business revolve around the phone . a good broker make over seven hundred call a day . seth ( laugh ) what 's the phone bill like here ? greg this month be approach four hundred thousand . now listen to I . even though you be not actually sell stock yet , I want you to remember the coda we have here . do you see glengarry glenross ? seth yeah . greg alright then , you remember ABC ? seth always be close . greg right . always -- be -- close . that 's the attitude you need . always be close Seth . telling 's not sell . now there 's two rule you need to know as a trainee . the rest will come later . number one , we do not pitch the bitch here . seth what ? greg we do not sell stock to woman . I do not care who it be , we do not do it . I be serious . Nancy Sinatra call , you tell she you be sorry . they be a constant pain in the ass and never worth the trouble . they will call you every fuck day ask you why the stock be drop . and God forbid the stock should go up you will hear from they every fifteen minute . ( mock ) be it a good time to sell ? it 's simply not worth the time or effort . seth okay , do not pitch the bitch . greg second rule . do not write wood . a lot of trainee be so anxious to get off the phone they just steamroll the guy into get the press pack so they can hang up . then I call in a month and say , hi , you speak to a junior associate of mine last month . the guy 's like , yeah , I be not interested . bye . that 's a shitty lead . it 's fuck wood . the info we send be bullshit . the important part of the call be tell they you have that one great idea , and that a broker be go to call they back in a month . this show that we do not just fire a million reco a day . we tell they we have six or seven great idea a year ! they do not want to think you be pitching they something you read in the journal this morning . get it ? no wood . seth yeah , I get it . chill . greg do not even start with that shit . I be just tell you what you place be and what I expect of you . I be make you job easier . this be not the greg that Seth remember from the casino . seth okay . well what happen if they want to buy stock right then ? greg alright , now we be talk . you should go into every call think just that . if they want a recommendation , you put the guy on hold , you stand up , and yell " reco " at the top of you lung . the first senior broker to get to the phone get the sale . Seth smile broadly . CUT to : ext . greg be house - night Seth walk up the path toward greg 's house . it 's a beauty . the door be open and Seth slowly let himself in . he pass through the live room which as no furniture -- just cardboard box wait to be unpack . in the de there be 15 guy from the firm sit on the floor . they be eat pizza and drink beer . a huge tv sit against a wall , the only thing in the room besides the pizza . they be watch the movie " Wall Street " . adam Seth ! what 's up , man ? think you be not gonna make it . sit down , grab a slice , have a beer . greg ( point at tv ) shut -up , shut the fuck up , gecko 's come . alright my turn . the door to Gordon gecko 's office open and greg begin . the follow be intercut with scene from the film . greg ( cont 'd ) what the hell 's goin ' on ? I be lookin ' at two hundred share , pal . I wanna know if we be part of it . we better be or I be gonna come down and eat you lunch for you . back in two , Alex . richie pick it right up . richie sorry , Jeff . look , I love it at forty , it 's a insult at fifty . they analyst ? they do not know prefer stock from livestock . alright , we wait till it hit south , then we , we raise the sperm count on the deal . get back at ya . CHRIS varick pick it up from there . he 's also a team leader ; but have he shit together more tightly than the rest . CHRIS this be the kid . call I fifty - nine day in a row , want to be a player . oughta be a picture of you in the dictionary under persistence , kid . yeah , now listen , Jerry . I be lookin ' for negative control . no more than thirty , thirty - five percent . just enough to block anybody else 's merger plan and find out from the inside if the book be cook . look as good on paper and we be in the kill zone , pal . we will lock and load . lunch ? oh you gotta be kid . lunch be for wimp . okay , fidel , I will talk at ya . everyone in the room say this line in unison . everyone how do you do , Mr. gecko . Bud Fox . greg so you say . Nice to meet you . hope you be intelligent . where would you get this ? everyone I get a connection at the airport . greg so what 's on you mind , kimosabi ? why be I listen to you ? the sound fade down as we see Seth look around the room . all the money in the world and no one to share it with . CUT to : int . debbie' apartment - night Debbie walk in look beat . she 's just come from work . the apartment be small and modestly furnish . work class . debbie Mom ? mother ( o.s. ) I be in bed . Debbie head back toward the bedroom . she walk in to find she mother in bed cough . she do not look well . debbie bad day ? mother miserable . Debbie get she mother 's medication ready . debbie let I make some tea . you sound really congest . Debbie leave for the kitchen . mother how be work ? CUT to : int . seth's bedroom - night Seth be on the phone with he mother . there be a monitor show the table downstairs . seth I tell you , Mom , I be not a broker yet . I be a trainee . I still need to pass my series seven test . mother oh please , you be a stock broker . you wear a suit to work every day , do not you ? seth yeah ? mother so ? what be we argue about then ? seth thanks Mom . mother you be do great , Seth . you be work you way up from the bottom . that 's never easy . I be very proud of you . and I tell you father about thing . seth what would he say ? mother he 's very happy . shock , but happy . he 's be wait for you to call he . seth well why do not he just call I ? mother one miracle at a time , okay sweetie ? CUT to : int . boiler room - morning Seth be on the phone try to make thing happen . seth uh ... ( look at card ) ... Mr. mathews please . Seth Davis . from jt marlin . no , he do not know I . yes it 's concern investment . hello ? Seth hang up the phone and stare at it for a moment . seth ( cont 'd ) ( mutter to himself ) Fucking bitch . he dial another number . marc tech stock be down today . greg hey Warren Buffet , you try to e cute ? make the fuck call ! you be not a fund manager ! how 's it go there , Seth ? Seth shrug he shoulder . greg come over . the phone be ringing . seth hi , Howard Young please . it 's Seth Davis from jt marlin . no , he 's not expect my call . no thanks , I will call he back . greg okay , first of all there be go to be a lot of that regardless of how good you be . but you happen to suck dick . I have this friend who run this other firm . he give out this book to all he trainee . the rebuttal Book . look like a file -o- fax . have that index tabs but they do not say a to B to G to h , they say thing like wife will not let I , I be not in the market now , call I back , send I a prospectus . have a rebuttal for any excuse . that 's all the shit you be gonna have to learn later . for now you only have to remember one thing . you can be whoever you want on the phone . so say what you have to . use a different name if you want . tell they you be a vice - president here . just get they on the line . that 's the first step . it 's the hardest part sometimes , but just get the cocksucker on the line . seth I do not understand . how can I do shit like that ? be not there a compliance offer here ? be not it ... greg illegal ? no , Seth . everyone do that shit . even on Wall Street . and John over there , he work for we . greg point to John who be at a desk in the back of the room . greg ( cont 'd ) he 's a fuck chimp . the only compliance work he 's do be make sure my lunch be still hot when it get here . he 's only here because the SEC require it . he might have the easiest fuck job in the entire world . look at he I think he 's actually masturbate right now . a fed- ex package be bring over by Debbie . she 's get a few of they in she hand . she smile at Seth as she drop the package on greg 's desk . greg see this . greg ( cont 'd ) bad news . stay the fuck away . Chris walk over . Debbie continue to hand out package . CHRIS Holy shit . you slut . you make the call . greg ( smile wide ) I do . Seth see Debbie pick up package as well . one broker be see angrily stuff cash into a fed - ex envelope . CHRIS and you go big too . greg I do . greg open the package and remove a good $ 20,000 in cash . Seth 's attention be snap back to greg and the package . greg ( cont 'd ) fuckin ' A. only bookie in New York that deliver Federal Express . CUT to : int . ratner' restaurant - night Seth and he whole family be have dinner in celebration of Seth 's new job . marty look about as happy as pie . marty so when be you take the test ? seth after the training program 's over . they really want you to get a good idea of how thing work before you take the series seven . it 's a great system . I be really learn a lot . they be very thorough . neil be you gonna be rich , Seth ? seth I hope so . mother God willing . marty I gotta ask you : how come I have never hear of this firm ? the question make Seth nervous . familiar territory . seth they be a small firm , dad . there 's a million other just like it that you have never hear of either . marty I guess what I be ask be why you do not try and go straight to Goldman sach or a company of that stature . mother marty , why be you start ? seth ( calm ) it 's okay , Mom . the reason , dad , be that the larger house do not hire kid straight out of college unless you go to a ivy League school or you want to do cash - flow analysis for the next fifteen year . they want you to work outside they firm for a couple of year to get a sense of the marketplace . that 's why almost all broker start in small firm like jt marlin . marty ( to mother ) see , that be not so bad . he answer the question . this be good stuff , Seth . good stuff . so how do it feel to have a real job ? seth it feel real good , dad . Seth look elate . there 's a long content pause . marty all you have to do now be close the casino . mother marty ! we talk about this . Seth look at he watch . he realize he 's late for something . seth I hate to run , but I be late to meet a friend . he kiss he Mom and leave . CUT to : int . bar - night ( later ) Seth walk into a dimly light bar in downtown Manhattan . it 's a class joint . he search the room until he see Debbie sit at a table in the back . seth Debbie . debbie ( big smile ) hey Seth . go get yourself a drink . fade out . int . bar - night ( later ) they have already have a couple of drink by now and be pretty loosen up . seth so who do you live with ? debbie oh , you mean be the black girl here take care of she grandma because she momma 's a crack-head ? seth yeah , exactly . I think it be smack , though . you know you have get to get a hold of that edge . it 's kind of sharp sometimes . debbie ( embarrassed laugh ) I know , it 's true . I just get so much shit at jt . sometimes I have to get into that mode just to fend they off . seth so why be you there ? it do not seem like the ideal work environment for a black woman . debbie no , it be not . but tell I , how many secretary you know make eighty thousand a year ? seth ( smile ) one . debbie exactly . seth you could always go back to school . debbie ( laugh ) you pompous ass . what make you think I want to ? College be not for everyone . it 's not like every black girl dream of be a marine - biologist she whole life . ( dramatic ) if only she could get out of the ghetto . seth hey , you do not have to tell I . I drop out . debbie really ? now that 's a surprise . seth ( mock ) you know it be not for everyone . it 's not like every jewish boy want to be a cpa if only he could make wharton' . Debbie laugh hard and they settle into intimate eye contact . Debbie lean toward Seth who pull away , embarrassed . seth ( cont 'd ) whoa . I do not even know what synagogue you belong to . Debbie burst into laughter . CUT to : int . wall STREET bar - night ( same time ) we be at a " broker bar " with greg , Chris , richie , and Adam . the guy have come from work . they look very confuse . richie yo . I think this shit be a broker hangout . merryl Lynch , Solomon bros , the big dick . greg yeah . what be this ? look like a insurance salesman convention . a group of broker at a nearby table take notice of the guy and start point , laugh . CUT to : int . bar - night ( same time ) debbie you do not fit in there . you know that ? they be all white trash . to they , this be go legit . seth what do you mean by that ? debbie always talk about be a big swinging dick on Wall Street . it 's funny , ' cause Long Island be as close as they be ever go to get . but you could be do the real thing at a real trading house . instead you be here . you do not need to be make it this way . at a chop-shop . seth what be you say ? jt be not a chop - shop . we just push the envelope a little . I mean it 's not like we do anything illegal . we just push a little . same as on Wall Street . Debbie laugh . seth ( cont 'd ) what ? debbie you do not have to convince I . Debbie raise she glass to Seth . debbie ( cont 'd ) to bend the rule . seth alright . that I can handle . CUT to : int . wall STREET bar - night ( same time ) the broker from the other table be now next to they . they have be listen in . one of they approach . jp broker ( smile ) hey . you guy look for a broker ? richie who the fuck be you ? CHRIS easy richie , would you ? jp broker I think maybe you guy be look for someone to invest for you . greg hey pal . we be brother . jp broker ( try not to laugh ) really ? you guy with jacoby & myer ? adam jt marlin . jp broker never hear of it . CHRIS hey ! hold on a second . who be you ? you sell car insurance or something ? the rest of the crew come over now to back they boy up . jp broker we be with jp Morgan . richie yeah right . and I be a black negro . jp broker # 2 I know jt . it 's a fuck chop-shop . name you firm so it sound like ours . jp broker what the fuck be with that suit ? you look like you be on gotti 's crew . CUT to : int . bar - night ( same time ) debbie so tell I about you family . seth my family ? it 's a mess . debbie whose be not ? seth yeah I guess . well my mom 's great . Real supportive and loving . almost to a flaw . I can do no wrong . debbie sound terrible . seth my dad 's the mess , but that 's not very interesting conversation . what about you ? debbie Mom raise I . no money . now I be take care of she . seth what 's wrong ? debbie chronic pneumonia . smoke for fifteen year . she 's be sick for a while now . it make she so happy that I make this salary so I can support we . it 's a little scary . seth and you dad ? debbie Rather not talk about my father either . seth Boy , I be so glad we have this conversation . I really feel like I have gain this insight into you life . debbie and I into yours . they both laugh . debbie ( cont 'd ) tell I something real . seth what do you want to hear ? debbie tell I a story about you dad . seth well I have so many great one . debbie tell I . seth okay . I be ten year old . I just get this new bike . a red mongoose . you know , bmx . so I be skid out in this puddle -- starsky & hutch style . my foot slip , and the pedal spin around hard enough to break my leg . Real bad too . but I do not fall off the bike . I keep coast down this hill . so finally I get scared and I jump off . fell right behind a park car . laid there for half a hour . finally , I hear my father scream my name from up the block . I be so happy that he be come to get I . he come around the car and see I lie there . there 's blood everywhere and the bone be stick out straight through my skin . debbie oh my god . seth I look up at he , and for the first time in my life I see how much he love I . he be freeze . it hurt he to see I in that much pain . so he lean down ... and slap I across the face . debbie what ? why ? seth I do not know . maybe he be mad at I for make he that helpless , or it be the only thing he could think of . I do not really care anymore . what I remember now be the look on he face when he first see I . that 's all I remember . that 's what I miss . debbie I be so sorry . Debbie lean over and kiss he deeply . CUT to : int . wall STREET bar - night ( later ) richie be be carry out by two bouncer . greg can we get the fuck out of here now ? fade out . int . boiler room - day seth ( o.s. ) I be sorry , sir , I do not realize ... dr . jacob I be really busy , Seth . Seth look over towards Michael 's office and see greg and three other team leader come out . seth I understand . I be real busy here myself , Doctor . look , we be go to come back to you in a month with one idea and one idea only . if you like what we have to say , great , we will do business . worst case scenario you will hear yourself a new business idea . Chat about it with you golf buddy and we will part as friend . that 's fair , right ? a nurse be ask the Doctor a question and he lose focus . dr . jacob ummm what ? seth great . so tell I , Doc , be you work with a million dollar in the market right now ? dr . jacob who be this again ? seth tell I something , you be a doctor . have you ever hear of a drug call fenamul ? it 's be manufacture by msc pharmaceutical . dr . jacob no . seth well it 's in the third stage of fda approval right now . Word be , it 's go to get approve in the next three month . could be tomorrow for all I know . anyway , I be get ahead of myself . and you be real busy over there . why do not I send you out the info you request about the firm and a senior broker will call you next month with that one idea . dr . jacob wait , wait , wait , hold on a second , forget the info , let 's talk about this now . what be the name of the drug again ? Seth begin to smile . seth you know what , sir , let I pass you on to a senior broker who 's more involved with this particular stock . hold on a second . Seth push the hold button . he pause and then yell : seth ( cont 'd ) reco !! everything and everyone in the room stop . there be a slight pause and then chaos . about 20 broker bolt toward Seth . Chris be close . another broker jump onto the table separate he from Seth and clamber over it . Chris put on the steam and get there first . the other broker run straight into Seth , unable to stop . Chris regains he composure wiping the smile off he face . CHRIS Card . seth okay , he name 's Dr. Jacobs and from the sound of it , I would say he 's definitely ... CHRIS whoa , whoa , I do not wanna hear it , kid . Chris grab the card from he hand and look at it briefly . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) hi , Dr. Jacobs , this be Chris marlin over at jt marlin . dr . jacob marlin ? CHRIS right . he 's my father . another broker connect a wire to a jack on the back of the phone and the conversation be now hear on the PA system . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) so my associate tell I you be interested in one of we stock . dr . jacob yes , msc sound like it might be interesting . CHRIS might be ? might be do not sell stock at the rate msc be go , Dr. Jacobs . we be talk about very high volume here . dr . jacob well , I still have to run it by my people . CHRIS that 's great , Doc . if you want to miss yet another opportunity here and go watch you colleague get rich do clinical trial , then do not buy a share and hang up the phone . dr . jacob well hold on a second . I do not say that . I just want to talk more about it . CHRIS honestly Doc , I do not have the time . this stock be blow up right now . the whole firm be go nut . let I open the door to my office . Chris hold the phone up to the 100 broker stand there silently . they begin talk loudly and scream " buy , sell " . Chris make a hand motion and they stop . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) you hear that ? that 's my trading floor , Doc . now I have a million call to make to other doctor who be already in the know . I can not walk you through this right now . I be sorry . huge pause . everyone look on wait to hear what he will do . Chris do not even look mildly concerned . then ... dr . jacob okay , okay . let 's do this . CHRIS now , since you be a new account I can not go any higher than two thousand share . I would love to but I just can not do it . dr . jacob two thousand ?! whoa ! that 's way more than I be think about . two thousand , jesus. ( pause ) I be just curious , why can not you sell I more than that ? the broker hold in they laughter . CHRIS well , we like to establish a relationship with we client on something small before we get to the more serious trade . let I show you several percentage point on this small trade and then we will talk about do future business . dr . jacob that sound good . give I two thousand share . CHRIS done . dr . jacob you sure you can not do any better on this one ? CHRIS no , I be sorry , Dr. Jacobs . dr . jacob alright , let 's start with this trade then . CHRIS great . I promise we will go big on the next one . ( feign masturbation ) now do you want the confirmation send to you office or you mansion ? dr . jacob ( laugh ) very funny , Mr. marlin . CHRIS alright , let I put my secretary on . she will take you info . Chris hit the hold button and then ... CHRIS ( cont 'd ) done and do . the entire firm applaud when he get off the phone . the crowd disperse . Chris sit down on Seth 's desk . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) I love doctor , man . all that money and not a clue what to do with it . Fucking rollover . hold onto you ankle , Doc , here come the love . seth why would you put a max on he buy ? CHRIS do not you tell he how it work ? greg he 's still a trainee . he do not need to know about initial sell limit . CHRIS right , right . make sure he show you the rope . he 's too busy call he bookie . you fuck Hebrew , man . always look out for yourselves , never the trainee . greg that 's great . why do not you go back to little Italy now ? greg point across the room . CHRIS why do not you go make a latke dreidel boy . ( back to Seth ) the reason I cap he be in case he 's a piker . see , we be go to go ahead and front the money for this sale . if he do not send the check , I be the one hold the bag . ( whisper ) last commission month a kid on Jim 's team write a million dollar ticket . stock be down three and a half point by settlement . Fucking kid take a one quarter million dollar hit . besides , first sale just whet the appetite . if he 's a whale , which it look like he be , then I will get he on a day when there 's a real rip . seth rip ? CHRIS ( surprised ) rip. Commission . that 's why we work here . we get huge rip . seth ( quietly ) I actually still do not know how it work . CHRIS a two dollar rip , which be unheard of anywhere on Wall Street , mean you be walk away with two dollar for every share you sell . Real money . Jesus greg , you tell he where the bathroom be yet ? greg Seth , I show you where Chris ' desk be . seth how do Michael afford that ? CHRIS I do not know , but if he 's do it , he 's make money on it . Point be , do not worry about sell small on the first trade . you service the client right and he will be back for more . bide you time . show he a three percent return and he will trust you to watch he kid for the weekend . if he 's service correctly it 's not a matter of whether he 's make a second trade with you , it 's a matter of how much . Chris ' secretary call out from across the room . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) gotta bounce . Seth stand there in awe . he see the potential here . CUT to : int . FBI economic crime unit - day we be look at a photo of Seth outside jt marlin . pull back to see the photo be on the desk of the director 's office . david true , a young agent try to make a name for himself , be in the office as well . he 's excited . director of all the people at jt marlin you pick this kid Davis . why ? true because he 's perfect . he 's new , so he loyalty do not run that deep . he also seem to be the smartest of this last group of trainee . use to run a full time casino out of he house in queen . now he just pick up the check . he 's more ambitious than any other trainee there . and I mean by a lot . the rest of they be fuck idiot to this kid . he will turn state 's . no question . director how be you gonna get to he ? true I be work on that . we just start surveillance . we will get to he . CUT to : ext . mickey be - night this be a local bar near the office . several exotic car be park outside . the sight be incredibly strange in this lower- middle class neighborhood . greg 's Ferrari be there and we see the license plate : " 2 rip " . int . mickey be - night ( continuous ) about 35 broker be here drink . Seth sit at a table with greg , Adam , Chris and a group of junior broker and trainee . CHRIS what be you do before you come on ? trainee 2 I work at the 7 - 11 in Babylon . greg you mean work . trainee 2 no , I mean work . I still do two shift every weekend . a hundred and fifty dollar a week just do not cover it all . adam ( sympathetic ) no , it do not . trainee 2 I do not mind it though . so I will live like a nigger for six month . Seth snap he head up at this comment , amaze that it be say with such assertiveness and clarity . no one else budge . CHRIS what about you , Seth ? what be you do before you find jt ? seth well I be , actually still be , involved in the game industry . CHRIS really ! ac , foxwood , Vegas ? seth Atlantic City . CHRIS what would you do there ? seth I win . everyone laugh . Seth take out he key chain which be a $ 50 dollar chip from he casino . he slap it on the table . Chris smile and then slap a pair of dice down on the table . CHRIS you wanna roll , slut ? seth you wanna lose ? CHRIS oh shit , we get a player . CUT to : int . back of bar - night ( continuous ) we move around a jukebox where , in a empty space next to the bathroom , we see six broker kneel , play dice . they be make a lot of noise , yell at each throw , cursing or cheer depend on which way the money be go . CHRIS I get one - fitty against . richie book ! adam I get one hundred against . seth book . wait , who 's get the roller ? CHRIS come on , somebody cover greg . Michael brantley walk in at this point and push he way down into the circle . everyone go nut when they see he . michael alright , I get the roller . I can not believe you guy be not fight over it . betting against greg 's roll be the only sure thing there be in the world . ( to greg ) what be we go , two hundred dollar on this ? greg book . fade out . int . back of bar - night ( later ) Seth be out of the game watch from the side . greg 's luck be atrocious and he too be soon out . greg ( to Seth ) let 's go get some reserve . greg bump into a local come out of the bathroom . local quit stare and just apologize . the dice game come to a halt . all eye be on this confrontation . richie do not wait for it to sort itself out . richie he do not have to say shit . now why do not you go back to you Heineken and shut the fuck up . local be I talk to you ? richie do I give a shit ? if you be talk to I , then you be talk to I and my fuck crew . the local see what he 's up against and wisely opt out . richie decide to have a go anyway grabbing he by the back of the shirt yanking he back into the small alcove . CUT to : ext . parking lot - night ( continuous ) we move along the wall until we pass a door which fly open . richie pull the guy outside with the help of three other broker . richie do not waste any time once outside . he kneel quickly , come down on he stomach . the man 's face raise off the floor in response and richie attack he head . he stop as suddenly as he start , stand up , and spit on he . the man be completely unconscious . only Seth carry the expression of genuine shock . the other have see this before . richie go back in and close the door . CUT to : int . ferrari - night ( continuous ) greg be drive . Seth still have a blank look on he face . greg you okay ? seth I just , I , I be a little disturb you know . I mean Jesus do not that bother you ? greg I ? you think I be watch ? I can not look at that stuff , make I nauseous . you have to understand . this be not the kid you and I grow up with . remember in Hebrew school when a shove match be a big deal ? worst case scenario , someone 's yarmulka get knock off . seth ( laugh ) it 's true . greg this guy be no joke . they get tank up , throw a quick fist . and then some of they actually like it . like richie . he probably think I be be tough back there , just stare at that guy . I be shitting my pants . seth I see . greg thanks . that fuck guineas , half of they do coke . they all drink . no stability , zero capital . they make all this money and they be always live three step ahead . do you know there be guy in this firm that make close to a million a year and could not get a loan for a Honda because they credit be so bad . everyone 's just wait for the fifteenth of the month . it 's like they may drive a porsche but they do not have ten buck to put in the gas tank . nigger rich . Seth look at greg . he 's not the person he think he know . the two drive on in silence . greg pass jt marlin . seth hey , drop I off . I want to get my car . I do not think I be go to stay at the bar much longer . greg pull into the lot where Seth 's car sit . greg alright , I will see you back at mickey 's then . oh , on the other thing . seth yeah ? greg do not forget what I tell you about Debbie . she 's trouble . seth I do not even ... greg Seth , I see what go on . and I be tell you as you friend , she 's a whore , Seth . a fuck whore . seth good thing you stop dating she , huh ? Seth get out of the car before greg can respond . ext . parking lot - night ( continuous ) Seth unlock he car door and then realize he 's forget he bag upstairs . he go into the building . CUT to : int . boiler room - night ( continuous ) he go straight to he desk and pick up he bag . as he turn to leave he hear a humming noise come from the back . there be a small alcove with a copier in the back . a man in there bent over a smaller machine Seth can not see . Seth recognize he as John feiner . the machine be a shredder . John be stuff the content of five large box through this tiny shredder that sit on a waste basket . seth ( whisper ) Holy shit . CUT to : int . conference room - day Seth find himself seat in the same room as he do three month earlier with the guy who be there for the interview . jim I want to talk to you about appearance . most of you dress like shit . I do not know what you financial situation be like right now but you need to buy at least one decent suit . there be a minimum level of aesthetic professionalism that we have here . in a couple of month you will be able to outfit you whole closet , but for now just get something to hold you over . there 's a important phrase that we use here and I think it 's time you all learn it . " Act as if " . do you understand what that mean ? Act as if you be the fuck president of this firm . Act as if you have a nine inch cock . Act as if . to do this properly you need to at least look the part . so go get dress . secondly , it 's time to get you Series Seven book . no need to get nervous . if you study you will pass . then you begin trading as a SEC license broker . then you be a fuck millionaire . it 's that simple . I need three hundred from each of you for the book which will be return if and when you pass the exam . and I will need that tomorrow . there be a slight murmur in the room now . one of the trainee turn to another and whisper . marc I will just ask my mom . trainee 2 yeah , I will have to do the same thing . other be discuss where they will come up with the money as the meeting come to a close . Jim get up from he chair . jim okay then . Seth be already up and walk towards Jim . he take out a roll of cash from he breast pocket and peel off three hundred dollar bill in front of Jim . he look proud do it . seth here you go . all the other trainee stare . jim what be you , last night 's erection ? seth yeah , you know . Jim slap he on the shoulder as he walk out . CUT to : int . boiler room - morning we open on a Polish broker work he magic on the phone in he native tongue . pan across the room to Seth dial a number . he look frustrated . Chris be sit next to he . CHRIS go ahead do it . just try it , you will see . seth you sure ? CHRIS yeah . you be gonna feel so much better . the other end of the line pick up and Seth look down at the card in front of he . seth yeah hi , Steve ? fuck you ! Seth hang up laugh hysterically along with Chris . montage begins int . seth's bedroom - night Seth study for the series seven while look up occasionally at the monitor to watch the action on the table downstairs . int . boiler room - different day client ( o.s. ) look , Seth , Seth , I do not want to be rude . seth Bob , be rude , be rude . hang up the phone . ( pause ) you will not . you wanna know why ? because you see value ! I be money in the bank . I be you kid 's college fund for Christ 's sake . that 's great . if we be look at a long stock over a long term period I would be talk about pe ratios and earning with you right now . the fact be , I be not look to marry the stock . we be in , we be out , three , four week . look , I be not a rookie broker open account for a live . all of the broker at the table watch and laugh in respect . int . reception area - different day Seth be talk to Debbie . greg give they a dirty look . int . boiler room - different day Seth be on the phone again , pace quickly . seth what do you mean you will pass ? Alan , the only people make money pass be NFL quarterback and I do not see a number on you back . int . boiler room - different day Seth be on the phone . he grab a twinkie off another broker 's desk . the line answer as he be unwrap the snack . seth yes , how be you , James ? Seth marlin over at jt marlin . jame take I off you list !! seth okay , I will take you off my list of successful people today . int . boiler room - different day it 's lunch time and set remain at he desk study for the series seven . he look up to see a group of broker come out of Michael 's office . int . boiler room - different day seth listen , if you could not pull three thousand together you name would not be on my desk during business hour . what do you mean you do not have it ? John , please , you be embarrassing I . I be pitching you from under my desk . I be embarrassed . int . boiler room - day ( continuous ) Seth be at he desk use a pair of scissors to cut a swath of cardboard from a box . he write in big swoop letter and then place it on he desk revealing the message ... be rude , make they hang up. end montage CUT to : int . boiler room - night Seth 's the only one leave . all of the overhead light be off . he be read the contract from the last several ipo 's . seth Holy shit . he have the different contract line up next to each other and be compare the name list from the private equity source . they be the same on every prospectus . seth ( cont 'd ) Christ , they be all the same . debbie what 's the name ? Seth almost jump out of he seat . Debbie be stand quietly in the dark at the head of the table . seth shit . you scared I . how long have you be stand there ? debbie I just walk up now . I be sorry . Seth try to hide the contract under some papers . debbie ( cont 'd ) interesting read ? seth this ? it 's just the prospectus from the last ipo the firm put out . she walk around and put she hand on he shoulder . she do not seem to care . he look pretty nervous . debbie I know what it be . I ask you if it be interesting . you may be the first person to ever read a jt prospectus . what be you look for ? seth some chocolate love . should I practice my pitch ? I know it turn you on . she smile widely as she sit on the desk face he , she leg touch he . he kiss she , then pick she up gently and put she on the table . CUT to : int . seth's bedroom - night ( later ) the two be lie in bed . Debbie look happy . Seth look like he head be in another place . seth I see John feiner shredd a bunch of document the other night . debbie what ? seth yeah . he be in the back late at night . I be go to get my bag . debbie do he see you ? seth no. ( pause ) what 's go on over there ? debbie what do you mean ? you know what 's go on . seth you think they be do a lot of illegal shit ? debbie come on , Seth , you can not have it both way . you say you like the hard sell and the money but then you question it when you see something that 's a bit off . either admit that it 's not charity work and enjoy , or get out . but go back and forth like this be just tear you up . fade out . ext . young israel of flatbush - day the synagogue stand tall right off of coney Island Ave . Seth run up to the front where he father be wait for he . marty put he hand on Seth 's shoulder as they walk in . CUT to : int . boiler room - day Seth be close a whale . Chris stand next to he , watch and help . he 's pitching a midwesterner name dean . seth Dean , I be not a rookie broker open account for a live . ask I whatever you want . but I will tell you this . I be go to give you over to my secretary . you call I when the stock double . Seth push hold . the table erupt in cheer . Debbie be there as well . she too congratulate Seth . he 's beam . greg come over to the table . he go straight to Adam . greg what happen ? adam Seth just close this guy for ten large . greg hey Seth , get over here . seth hey greg , I just close this huge account for you . greg what the fuck be you do ? you just violate a huge SEC regulation . who tell you to start close account . you be a fuck trainee . seth you be kid right ? you be not ? you tell I I could use a different name on the phone . Act as if ! I figure I would take the initiative and make you some money . CHRIS greg , I be stand right next to he the whole time . I would have step right in if the kid get into trouble . greg hey ! you get a conoli you can stick in you mouth . CHRIS no . you get a menorah you can shove in you ass ? greg I do not care about the money , Seth . imagine if every trainee start handle they own reco . this shop would be close in about a week . seth this be about something else . be not it ? greg what would that be ? greg turn around to see Debbie . greg ( cont 'd ) do not you have to answer the phone or something ? she laugh at he but do not move . greg see that the boy be head into Michael 's office for they lunch time gather . he decide to leave thing for now . greg ( cont 'd ) we will finish this later . he walk toward the office when Jim step out for a moment . jim hey Seth . you just earn a spot pal . get in here . greg be fume but have to hide it . he pat Seth on the back . greg Big time baby . we will get to see if you be as good as you say you be . it get pretty fuck hectic in there , little man . Seth walk toward the office . greg stay behind . greg ( cont 'd ) what the fuck be that ? do not tell I he 's why we be not hit it anymore . debbie hitting it ? we be never hit it . and he 's not the reason , greg , you be . CUT to : int . michael' office - day ( continuous ) a group of broker stand around Michael 's conference table . Seth be stand in the doorway as they lift a huge crap feel onto the table . jacket be remove . Seth look shocked . the game begin as Michael pull out a set of dice . fade out . ext . boiler room - night Seth be get into he car . he see Michael and a couple of other senior manager walk out of the building . they walk away from they car toward another office building . Seth follow keep he distance walk next to the shrubbery . he see they go into the building . he turn away . CUT to : ext . brooklyn STREET - night ( later ) Debbie get out of she car and make she way toward she building . two man approach she from the shadow and she begin to run , but they intercept she at the front door . Debbie scream out and then suddenly stop as soon as she see the FBI badge they be hold in front of she face . true special agent true , FBI , this be agent etkin . Ms. hilliard , we would like to talk to you about you relationship with Seth dais . oh , and about you mom 's health . CUT to : int . seth's apartment - morning it 's a Saturday morning . Seth be sit at the kitchen table eat breakfast . he have several ipo contract out on the table . he read as he eat . the phone ring . seth hello ? salesman hi , this be ron call you from the Daily News . how you do this morning ? seth I be not interested . salesman okay . I be sorry to have bother you . have a nice day . seth that 's it ? that 's you pitch ? you consider that a sale call ??! salesman well , ummm ... seth you want to sell I a paper right ? well you guy call I every Saturday and I get the same half - ass attempt . you wanna close I ? then sell I . salesman ( hesitantly ) alright . seth go ahead , start again . salesman okay ... hi , this be ron from the Daily News . how you do this morning ? seth ( smile ) shitty . what do you want ? salesman it 's not what I want , sir ... it 's what you want . seth alright , now you be talk . what be you sell ? salesman I be offer you a subscription to the Daily News at a substantially reduce price . we be try to reach out to people that have never have home delivery before . seth so , everyone else that already have a subscription be get fuck on this one huh ? salesman ... yeah , I guess so . seth good , I can live with that . now why do I want you paper ? maybe I should get the Times or the Voice . salesman well the Village Voice be free , sir , so if you want it you should certainly pick it up . but the Daily News offer you something no other paper can , a real taste of New York . we have some writer on staff that have be with we for over fifteen year . we have the best feature ! more photograph than any other daily in New York ! and we have the most reliable delivery in the city ! now what do you think ??!! seth alright , ron . now that be a sale call . good job ! salesman so be you go to buy a subscription ? seth no . I already get the Times . Seth then hang up smile and pick up he spoon . the phone ring again and Seth pick up , irritate . seth ( cont 'd ) what ? CHRIS ( v.o. ) well I think we would start out with a couple of drink , then maybe dinner . then depend on how thing go , a little ya-ya . seth ( laugh ) shut - up slut . CHRIS you da slut . seth alright . I will be the slut . so what 's up ? CHRIS want to know what the story be for later . it 's you night so you decide , Mr. junior broker . seth well , I be think that we should go into the city . you guy be always drink at that shitty local bar . I say we go to a decent bar with decent poo-poo . if I have to look at one more housewife smoking a Newport I be gonna fuck puke . CUT to : ext . CHRIS ' place - night Seth walk up to the garden apartment . it 's 180 degree from greg 's place . small , old , in a blue collar neighborhood . he ring the bell . Chris open the door within second . CHRIS come on in . I want you to meet my mother . seth ( mutter to himself ) Jesus . be I the only one who do not live with they mother ? int . CHRIS ' place - night ( continuous ) the apartment , though small , be utterly cluttere with very expensive thing . mostly electronics -- incredible stereo , huge screen tv , every kitchen gadget ever invent . there 's barely a path to walk . CHRIS you want something to drink ? seth Nah , I be okay . hey let I ask you something , Chris . do you ever wonder how we get the rip that we do ? I mean how be it that we get rip that pay out ten time the amount of any major firm ? CHRIS be you kid I ? that 's the wrong question to be ask . who care how . the only thing you should be wonder about be how you be gonna get laid tonight . seth I be serious . do you know that SEC regulation state that a maximum rip allow be five percent of the sale . we be make four time that . CHRIS what be you do , Seth ? be not you happy with the way thing be go ? seth yes . CHRIS so what be you do make trouble for yourself ? seth nothing . I be just curious . be not you ? CHRIS no . not at all . Chris walk out of the kitchen . CUT to : int . CHRIS ' range rover - night ( later ) Seth , Chris , greg , richie and two of they friend from another firm , Steve and Roger , be drive on the lie . besides for Seth , they be all wear suit . jay - Z blast on the system . all head be bob simultaneously . Shots of the approach New York skyline . richie ( look at NYC ) that 's it right there , baby . that 's where I be gonna be next year . I be gonna get I a phat space in tribeca . then all you punk can come see what real live be . greg yeah right . you will still be at exit 53 off the lie motherfucker . the song in the car change and richie recognize it . he rap along . Seth jump in . greg , however , do not look happy . he 's piss that Seth have get so close with he friend . they make they way down 2nd Ave and park near a trendy restaurant . CUT to : int . trendy restaurant - night ( continuous ) as soon as they get in the place all eye fall on they , mockingly . roger Jesus Christ , look at this . they love we . richie we have get so hang out in the city more often . the host make she way over to the group . she be stun . tall , beautiful , English accent . host five for dinner ? steve ( lewdly ) and then some . the host turn she back on he and take they toward a great table in the corner . it 's a curve booth face the bar . roger oh shit . they be give we the phattest table in the place . all of the guy be excited as they approach the table , even Seth . the host stop , place a menu on the table , and then ... host oh , I be so sorry . ( pick up menu ) this table be actually reserve for a party of six . I have a table for you in the back though . smile disappear at this news . steve hey ! we be a party of six . see , there 's six of we . we want this table . host I be sorry it be not available . now follow I . the host take they to a small table better suite to four people . the busboy run two chair over . fade out . int . trendy restaurant - night ( later ) they have begin to eat they food and there be many beer bottle on the table . richie return from the bathroom . richie who uat would this budweiser for I ? roger I do , what 's wrong ? richie I hate Bud , send this shit back . Seth lean over toward Chris and whisper ... seth uat ? CHRIS unauthorize Trade . seth gotcha . steve so Seth , any grip yet ? seth yeah . you know what I hate ? get past the secretary . it do not matter that you be a broker call from NYC . it 's still a sale call and that they know . steve it 's true . it do not matter if it 's the avon lady or merryl Lynch . the good secretary can smell a sale call . CHRIS I remember when I be cold call , the shit I would do . I would get on the phone and say , can I speak to Jim ? Secretary 's like , I be sorry , but Jim be not in the office . I would be like , that 's funny because I just see he car in the lot about five minute ago . next thing you know , jimbo 's on the phone because you show the lady you be not fuckin ' around . roger you guy have it easy . jt marlin could be any kind of company . I have to get on the phone and say , hi , it 's Roger from investment Incorporated . Secretary 's like , " be this concern investment ? " ummmm , no ? the group burst into laughter . seth you guy know what I be go to do ? greg ( suddenly ) what the fuck do you know ? you just pass you seven this week . have not even pop you cherry yet . all eye on greg , surprised at he tone . Seth ignore he . seth I be go to open a fire call Bob 's plumbing . you get on the phone and say , yeah tell he it 's Bob from Bob 's plumbing . he will be like , oh , it 's the plumber guy , yeah I will take the call . everyone talk to they plumber . laughter all around . greg realize he be alienate not only Seth , but he friend too and so he make amend ... greg alright guy . I want to make a toast to the man of the night . highest Series Seven score in the whole firm . you be the big swinging dick tonight . CHRIS cheer , slut . everyone drink . richie you know why he 's this happy , Seth ? seth oh I know . he 's think about the forty account I have to open for he before I be on my own . God bless the junior broker program , huh , greg ? greg oh , I do not care about that . I be just excited for you promise future . everyone laugh . a table of gay man have be sit next to the guy and be finally feed up with the noise . one of they turn around . gay man hey , do you guy think you could keep it down some . seth yeah , no problem . steve why do not you guy just concentrate on you food instead of we . richie hey , what be you eat over there anyway ? a little tube snake smother in underwear ? the broker go bonker . they be laugh hysterically . steve I hear the hot dog be real good here too . they get foot - long . you like that right ? a little tough to swallow , but they be good . at this comment , the other two man at the table sit straight up , ready to engage Steve and richie . gay man great outfit , you guy just come from a City Council meeting ? or you just try to score with the bridge and tunnel crowd ? steve you know what they should do with you guy ? they should put all of you on a fuck island somewhere . gay man yeah , guess what ? steve what ?! gay man you be on it ! CUT to : int . generic office - morning harry reynard sit at he desk do paperwork . average man somewhere in corporate America . have a photo of he wife and two kid on the desk . his phone ring . harry hello ? intercut with : int . boiler room - day seth hi Harry , this be Seth Davis over at jt marlin . how you do this afternoon ? harry Fine , thanks . seth you get a call from a associate broker of mine last month and I just want to know if you enjoy the information we send you . harry what information ? seth if you get as much mail as I do you probably brush it aside , but more importantly we make a commitment to get back to you . I be present you with a investment opportunity that I think you will find very interesting . harry well thanks , but I be not really in the market for that right now . seth tell I Harry , be you marry or happy ? Harry laugh at this remark . he find it genuinely funny . harry actually , I have be marry for ten year . seth oh yeah ? six year for I . harry they be great , be not they ? seth yeah , they sure be . so , be you play the market at all ? harry well I do not know about play . I do own some blue chip . they be actually wedding gift from we friend in New York . seth well , I be call to tell you about a explosive situation we have go on right now . a pharmaceutical company , farrow tech have a drug call parattin in the third stage of fda approval . harry what do it do ? seth good question , Harry . good question . this be the best part . it help premature baby develop properly . harry sound like a great drug . seth it be . tell I , that Blue chip you own , what have they do for you since you get marry ? harry not much really . seth well you see , we deal in stock that really move . adam oh yeah , they really move . Seth kick he chair hard enough to send he roll . seth I would love to show you what I mean and I can do so on a relatively small investment . harry I really can not buy anything right now , Seth . my wife and I be buy a house this month and we be save every last penny . seth look , I do not care how much stock you pick up . I just want you to test I out . Harry , I want you to judge I on the percentage I show you . obviously I show you thirty or forty percent , no matter how big or small you position be you be gonna get pretty excited about my next idea , right ? harry well yeah . seth of course you would . you would be hand out my business card , would not you ? Harry laugh . seth ( cont 'd ) pick up one hundred share . it 's the absolute firm minimum . okay , if I show you three or four point on the trade it 's not go to make you rich . on the same token , if the stock do not go anywhere you be not out in front of you store with a cup in you hand . harry ( laugh ) no , that 's true . seth ( serious ) look Harry , the truth be I could sell you a lot more than one hundred share and feel completely comfortable about the trade , but I be ask you to start small just to prove what I can do for you . harry alright . seth great ! should I send the confirmation to you business or you home ? harry well I just have to talk to my wife first . then I will call you right back . seth you do not have to do that , Harry . and I go to lunch in five minute . harry no . I have to talk to she first . seth I have to ask you something here , Harry . you be at work now , be not you ? harry yes . seth well what do you do , Harry ? harry I be the purchase manager for a gourmet food company . seth do part of you job involve make decision ? harry well of course . seth alright , well when you make one of this decision do you call you wife to ask she what you should do ? harry ( a little annoyed ) no , of course not . but that 's a little bit ... seth different ? how ? it 's you money , you earn it . besides , all you be do be invest it . I be not sell crack here , Harry . I mean she 's only go to be happy when she see you have make a wise investment for the family . just think of the flip side . when you wife do the shopping do she call you from pathmark to ask you if she can use the coupon for Captain crunch ? harry come on , that 's not fair . seth I be just try to make a point here , Harry . we be not talk about a lot of money . just think what she 's go to say when you bring she back a big fat check because you have the foresight to see a good thing come . harry ( long pause ) alright , let 's try it . CUT to : ext . boiler room - day a large van with tinted window sit in a adjacent lot . a cable run from the rear of the van to a telephone pole . CUT to : int . van - day ( continuous ) agent true sit in the van with headphone on . the van be completely deck out in surveillance gear . true look slightly amaze . he slowly pull the headphone off . true this kid be really good . God , he 's gonna go down hard . fade out . int . boiler room - night everyone in the firm be present tonight . they all face the front of the room , wait . Seth sit next to Chris . seth so what 's the deal here ? CHRIS Michael always address the firm when there 's a new issue come out . it 's always good news . I hear we might be take a trip south after this meeting . Seth look at Chris for further explanation but Michael walk up to the front of the room and it quickly quiet down . michael how 's everybody do ? the room erupt into cheer at this simple question . some yell out Michael 's name . there be a strong energy in the room . michael ( cont 'd ) good to hear . first thing , I want to congratulate you all on a huge month . for any of you not yet convinced , this be the top dog for the month : Jim Young -- $ 280,000 . Chris varick - $ 205,000 . greg feinstein - $ 190,000 . the room again break into cheer . greg and Chris get pat on the shoulder . Seth look at Chris in awe . michael ( cont 'd ) this month be go to be bigger . it 's actually go to be the biggest month we have ever have . we have get a new issue I want to talk to you about . it 's call Med patent . they have just design the world 's first retractable syringe . this mean that doctor and nurse will never again have to worry about infection from dirty needle . this be not go to be a alternative in the medical world , it 's go to be the standard . we all know we be here to make money , but if we can do something good like this , then all the better . so I want you all to go out and buy yourselves a new car , or a house . whatever you want . go into debt . you will make a million inside of six month . the place go wild . michael ( cont 'd ) now , onto matter of recreation . we be take a class trip tonight so call the lady and tell they not to wait up . CUT to : ext . parking lot - night ( continuous ) everyone walk out the front door of jt marlin to find six luxury bus wait in the parking lot . fade out . int . hallway - suite 418 - night fade up on Seth walk down a hall towards the suite . he pass the half open door and see a prostitute smoking a cigarette in between " shift " . todd hey Seth , you want some of this ? just get in line , bro . seth Nah , that 's alright . I be gonna go hit the table . todd ( laugh ) fuckin ' fag . seth that 's I . can not get enough dick . fade out . ext . STREET - morning Seth drive down a rundown street in Red hook , Brooklyn . he get out of the car by a obviously abandon building . he walk up to a window and wipe off the dust . it 's empty . he turn to leave when he notice a decrepit sign against the wall . he bend down to read the fade name -- mo patent . fade out . ext . pier overlooking manhattan - night Seth and Debbie sit stare at the skyline . Debbie really feel for he . we see that here . debbie what 's wrong , baby ? seth ( sigh ) what 's wrong ? everything , it feel like . not you , but everything else . debbie what be it ? seth thing be not right at work . I be sick of open account for greg . debbie but you be almost do , baby . Debbie stare at he deeply . debbie ( cont 'd ) there 's something else . it 's you father . seth ... yeah , actually , it be . we be finally get along . I mean we be have lunch next week on he request . do you know how happy that shit make I ?! debbie I do . seth but it 's all base on this fuck job . this very legitimate respectable job . a job he can tell he friend about during the yom kippur appeal . and it 's all bullshit . debbie then you will quit . you will tell he what be happen and he will respect you for walk away . seth I can not do that ! I have invest too much time and energy . Seth take a deep breath here and stare at Debbie . debbie talk to I , Seth . seth I figure out how Michael 's make he money . I almost wish I have not ; because it 's all illegal . debbie it really be , huh ? well we know it be shady . so how 's he do it ? seth it 's call bridge financing . it 's so simple . a group of investor make a loan to a private company . let 's say for three million . after the company get take public they pay back a million in cash and the other two they pay back in common stock , but at the ipo price . so the investor basically get two million worth of ipo stock . then they can sell it on the open market at triple what they buy it for . now that 's actually all legal as long as the investor be not tie to the brokerage house . but Michael 's friend be the investor on every ipo we do . debbie that 's why all the name be the same on the contract . seth right . then he have we push it all on the open market . we be sell Michael 's share . that 's where the two dollar rip come in . he can afford to pay we that much . he 's still in a obscene profit margin . it 's to he advantage to give we that rip . he have to motivate we to push this stock . he depend on we to literally create the market . it 's all artificial demand . there 's no other firm sell this shit . that 's why he 's always tell we to go into debt . he want we hungry . then as soon as we sell off Michael 's position there 's no need to maintain the inflate price anymore . we stop push it and it crash . and get this . the last ipo , Med patent , it 's cardboard . no research and development , no employee , not even a fuck building . annual report be all bullshit . Michael manufacture they . Med patent do not exist . debbie Jesus Christ , Seth . now what ? seth now ? I do not know . maybe now I go do it for myself . fade out . int . casino - night ( later ) the casino be barely full . Seth stand there exhaust , surveying the scene . Jeff walk over and hand Seth a envelope . they exchange hellos but nothing more . CUT to : int . seth's room - night ( continuous ) Seth reach over to the monitor and switch it on . he open the envelope and empty about $ 5,000 onto the bed . he look very upset as he count out the money finally throw it on the bed and then yelling . seth Jeff ! come on up here ! we see Jeff 's head snap up as he stare at Seth through the monitor . he leave the table as another dealer replace he . seth ( cont 'd ) what 's go on ? one week I can understand , but this be approach four month , and we be down forty percent from the last month I be here full time . jeff what the fuck do you want from I ? I be not you , Seth . I be not go to kill myself for half the profit . you get to come in here and just pick up you money and it suck . seth what ? it 's my business . I create it , remember ? you use to make ten dollar a hour . now you be pull in a thousand a week . and you be still not happy ? what the fuck be that ? and you still have not answer I as to why profit be down this much . what 's go on , Jeff ?! jeff nothing , you can check the tape . seth for what ? I do not say anything . you skim , Jeff ? jeff no I be not . look , we have be close earlier than usual and we have be open later . I can not handle the twenty - four hour gig anymore , Seth . this be not denny 's . I be try to finish school here . Seth breathes heavy . this be he real source of income . seth alright look , why do not you take on another partner and split you end which I will up to sixty - five percent . then you can work at night and go to school during the day . jeff I be already do that . seth ( surprised ) you be ? jeff yeah , I take Dave on last month . seth and you still can not handle it ? jeff no. Seth look off toward the wall and then ... seth fuck !! CUT to : int . harry & susan's apartment - night Harry be work on dinner . his two young child , max and SARA , laugh at they father who make funny face at they . Harry turn away and then turn back with two stalk of asparagus come out of he mouth like tusk . he mimic a walrus for he child who laugh hysterically . SARA daddy ! you look ridiculous . max no , it 's funny , dad . keep go . Max eat some asparagus while still smile at he dad . max ( cont 'd ) hey dad , my pee smell funny after I eat this stuff . SARA yeah , mine too ! Harry 's wife , susan , walk in with the mail in she hand . she 's 32 , both plain and smart look . she look through the mail while take she coat off . susan okay guy , let 's settle down . you really have a knack at stimulate great conversation with the kid . harry yeah , it 's a talent huh ? I find out that the new medical program include dental . susan be you serious ? that 's great . you hear this , kid ? you be go to get to go to the dentist for free . both Sara and Max both grimace at the same time . max great job , dad . Susan see a piece of mail that catch she eye . susan Harry , who 's jt marlin ? harry oh yeah , I forget to tell you . I bring a little bit of stock . Susan look up . susan what do you buy ? harry oh , it 's this great pharmaceutical company that 's poise for a big jump . they make this new drug that help premature baby survive they initial three month . be not that great ? susan how much do you buy ? harry nothing crazy , Susan . just a hundred share . susan at with price ? harry eight dollar . take it easy hon . Susan relax somewhat at this answer . susan how do you even know who to call ? harry well actually , he call I . susan who do ? harry Seth Davis . the broker . he 's a really great guy . family man actually . susan how do he get you name ? harry I have no idea . seth do not that worry you ? harry no , not particularly . ( abruptly ) hey look , it 's okay ! Susan and the kid all detect this change in tone . harry ( cont 'd ) ( calmly ) it 's a small investment and I be just testing this guy out . if he do not show we any gain on this trade then I will not do business with he again . CUT to : int . conference room - day Seth kneel on the floor roll dice with some other broker . he turn to see a kid sit in the wait room stare at he just like he do month earlier . Jim walk in and all of the broker jump to find seat . Jim drop he coat on the desk and start right up . jim this be gonna be a quick one , boy . you pass you seven over a month ago , and yet no one have open the necessary forty account for they team leader yet . Seth be the only one of you that 's even close . Seth look at he hand . do not need to stick it to anyone . jim ( cont 'd ) I do it in twenty - six day when I be a junior broker . you be not send out press packet anymore . none of this Debbie the time life operator shit . it 's time to go to work . get on the phone and be aggressive . ( uncover he coffee ) I remember this guy once call I to sell I some stock . I let he pitch I . I get every fuck rebuttal out of this guy . kept he on the phone for a hour and a half . toward the end I start ask he buy question . like , what 's the firm minimum ? that 's a buy question . I ask a question like that , he should take I down . it 's not like I ask he what he 800 number be . that 's a fuck off question . I be give he a run but he blow it . to a question like , what 's the firm minimum the answer be zero ! you do not like the idea , do not pick up a single share . this putz be tell I ... ( mock ) ...ummm , a hundred share ? wrong answer ! you have to learn how to close . always be close ! you have to push . keep ask question . ask rhetorical one just to get a yes out of they . if you be drown and I throw you a life jacket would you grab it ? yes ? good . pick up two hundred share , I will not let you down . ask a guy if he will let you down . ask a guy if he will be happy to see thirty to forty percent return . what 's he gonna say ? fuck you , I do not want to see that return ? everybody laugh . jim ( cont 'd ) stop laugh , it 's not funny . if you can not close then start think about another career . I be serious . I be dead serious about that . have you rebuttal ready . anybody say call I tomorrow , that 's bullshit ! anybody say they get money problem about two hundred share be lie . you know what I say to that ? tell I you do not like my idea , tell I you do not like my firm , tell I you do not like my fuck tie , but do not tell I you can not pull twenty five hundred together . you hear I , boy ? there be no such thing as a " no sale " call . a sale be make on every call you make . you either sell the client some stock or he sell you a reason he can not . either way it 's a sale . the question be , who 's gonna close , you or he ? be relentless ! alright , I be do . Jim walk out as suddenly as he come in . Seth amble out of the office . he have many thing on he mind . he see Chris . CHRIS how smooth be that motherfucker ? seth too smooth . Seth follow he to the back where he 's make a copy . seth ( cont 'd ) so Chris , I have be read the contract . CHRIS for the ipo 's ? ( laugh ) I be just kid . no one really read they . seth yeah , okay . anyway the company we be sell now that make that retractable syringe ... CHRIS Med patent . seth right . well , I be read they prospectus and ... well , they do not fill the minimum requirement to be take public . CHRIS Seth , you just start here . you can not possibly know what the fuck you be talk about . you do not even finish college . seth listen to I . to float a stock , you need at least two year worth of audite financial statement . they do not have any . CHRIS look Seth . I think we already go through this . you be a good kid , and I like you a lot , but this be bullshit . Michael know all about this stuff . we do not . he do not tell you how to trade , so do not tell he how to do he business . he 's the reason we make bank , and he have not steer we wrong , ever . seth Chris . I go to the address list on the prospectus . it 's a abandon building . Chris grab Seth and shove he into a corner . CHRIS listen to I , Seth , and listen good . I will back you up against greg or anybody else that fuck with you . but on this I be tell you to shut the fuck up . you will not rock this boat . Seth look stunne and Chris realize he may have go a bit overboard . he try to reel thing back in . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) now how many more account do you owe greg ? seth Three . CHRIS so you will be out of greg 's reach in a couple of day . knock they off and you be on you own . you be gonna make a lot of money after that . a lot of money , Seth . just do not fuck it up now ' cause you be piss at greg . get it ? seth yeah Chris . I get it . they shake and Chris pull he into a short , masculine hug . CHRIS you be a good kid . too fuck smart though . CUT to : ext . boiler room - day ( later ) it 's late afternoon as Seth walk out the front door . he head toward the building he see Michael and the other guy go into . CUT to : int . office build - day ( continuous ) the building be brand new and he wonder where to begin when a janitor round the corner . seth hey , how you do ? janitor Fine , thanks . seth I be try to find the space that we company just rent . janitor what 's the name of the company ? we have only rent out a couple of office . seth jt marlin . jame nope . no company by that name . you sure you get the right building ? seth yeah . Michael brantley tell I to come by . janitor Michael . Big guy , maybe thirty year old ? sharp dresser ? seth yeah , that 's he . janitor second floor . suite 206 . you can go up and have a look . seth it 's not lock . jame Nah . just cheap phone in there , that 's all . Seth find the suite and open the door . he stop in amazement . it 's the identical set up of jt marlin 's floor . the desk be all in and there be close to 400 phone in the room . nothing else . suddenly he hear voice from around the corner of the l-shape room . he duck behind a filing cabinet . Michael and John feiner come around the corner . michael now if the heat do come and we have to jump , how long will it take to move the whole firm ? I mean everything . JOHN under two hour , literally . they will be make call that afternoon . fade out . ext . federal courthouse - day Seth bound up the front step into the building . int . courtroom - day ( continuous ) Seth quietly enter the courtroom . it 's almost full . the guard instantly recognize he and they shake hand . Seth sit down in the back and watch he father sit up on the bench . marty do not see he . Seth look on in wonder . fade out . int . grand deli - day ( later ) Seth and marty be eat pastrami sandwich . marty so what do you think of the suit ? seth ( shocked ) you be ask I ? marty sure . you have get good taste in clothing . seth actually I like it a lot . I notice it earlier . Real departure for you though . marty not the usual stodgy old judge garb huh ? seth no . you even nail the tie . marty ( smile ) even ? be you go to start invest my money soon ? I could use a better return than Fidelity 's get I . seth I do not know if I be ready for that . too much pressure . imagine if I lose you retirement fund on some small - cap stock . God , that would be funny . marty yeah , hysterical . they both laugh . marty ( cont 'd ) so what kind of stock be you trading this day ? seth ( answer carefully ) mostly tech and pharmaceutical . marty you get any tip for I ? seth dad . I do not know you have it in you . marty what ? I never say I do not like to make money . it 's the method I have always be concerned about . marty look at he son , smile . marty ( cont 'd ) see Seth , we be have lunch here like real people . I tell you we could get to this . seth ( somber ) you do . fade out . int . boiler room - day Debbie be answer income call . she answer one call after another until one call make she freeze . debbie jt marlin , how may I direct you call ? true I think I will just talk to you . debbie ( extremely nervous ) why be you call I here ? I tell you I would talk to you as soon as I know . true time 's run out , Deb . I need to know what he 's do . serve he up . debbie he have not do anything wrong . there ' nothing I can tell you . why do not you go after feinstein or one of the other guy ? Seth 's a good kid . true we want to nail that other guy . we be not interested in put Seth away . so if you care about he so much then you better find something on he . you immunity deal will not be on the table forever . I be just think about you mother that 's all . one of we have to . true hang up . Debbie 's badly shake . CUT to : int . harry & susan's apartment - night Harry sit in the live room look at the Wall Street Journal . he 's nervous . he keep look toward the door like a adolescent with a porn magazine . CUT to : int . boiler room - morning Seth be on the phone close he 40th and final account as a junior broker . we be very tight on Seth . seth the only problem you be go to have be that I do not come down there a twist you arm to buy a thousand share . you simply have no idea what you have tapped into here today . that 's right . my secretary will take all you information . I have to hop . bye . Seth push the hold button and we pull out to see that the whole table be listen in . Chris look proud . seth ( cont 'd ) make it so , sheryl. ( then yell ) yes ! finally ! my first whale and my first account . my book baby ! greg call out from the head of the table . greg hey Seth , hate to bust in on you little victory speech , but that 's you fortieth account . seth right . so it 's mine . I be out of the junior broker program . I do not work for you no Mo ' ! greg well you be out , but that account 's mine . seth fuck that . I keep the fortieth . greg no you do not . Seth look around to see everyone go back to they seat . seth be this about Debbie ? be you that bitter ? I have make you a lot of money over the last three month , more than any other trainee . greg sorry Seth . I could not do it if I want to . it 's the rule . CHRIS hey , come on , greg . you can bend the rule . I give my guy ... greg get the fuck out of here , Chris . greg get up and walk toward Seth . CHRIS not yourself this day , man . not yourself . seth fuck you , greg. greg move very quickly toward Seth who do not react quick enough . greg shove he hard enough to send he sprawling . greg you be on my team , I be not on yours . try to remember that bitch . CUT to : ext . prospect park - day Seth be wait near a fountain . he look around nervously . a black man approach , push a baby carriage . he be dress in hip - hop style clothing . Seth look at the man as he pass and then turn to catch a glimpse of the baby . instead , he see a huge boom - box in the carriage . marty emerge behind he . he look irate . seth dad ? marty ( icy , control ) I speak to Howard Goldberg over at Prudential . you lie again you unbelievable piece ... you lie to all of we . he tell I all about jt marlin . a chop shop . you have be sell they shit all this time . how many people have you fuck over so far , Seth ? huh ? how many ? Seth do not answer . marty ( cont 'd ) all that bullshit about they want to know you how the business work . the great training program . profit you have hear for you customer ! do you make they anything ? just tell I , do you make they any money ? seth no . not a penny . marty I be do with you , Seth . this be it . you be out of we life . I do not want to see you again . do not come by the house , do not call . this be worse than the casino . you have be steal here . seth I be gonna tell you , dad . I be just wait for the right time . marty turn and walk away . seth ( cont 'd ) dad ! CUT to : int . harry & susan's apartment - night they be fight . Max and Sara be sit on the floor in the hallway outside they bedroom . they be scared . harry you think I want to live in this apartment the rest of my life ?! susan sometimes I wonder . harry oh please ! I be the one who get the raise , Susan , try and remember that . I be the one that go out every day and support this family . susan you can not keep use that shit , Harry . I have tell you a million time I have no problem go out and get a job to help pitch in , but you forbid it . then you go and use it against I . harry look Susan , we be go to buy the house . I promise . we will get the house . just get off my back ! CUT to : int . FBI economic crime unit - day agent true be in the director 's office once again . director listen to I . I want he bring in here . you have already get a strong case . he will turn state . true what do we have on he ? manipulative trading tactic ? what can we threaten he with , license revocation ? he will never go for it . we need more . I know he 's up to something . I can feel it . director I can not afford to leave he out there any longer . this girlfriend of he may have already tip he off . he could run at any time . true she have not , sir . director how could you possibly know that ? and if you be right , and she 's so loyal to you , then why have not she give we any information yet ? I want Davis bring in by the end of the week . period . true Fine . true storm out of the office . CUT to : int . office build - day Debbie be sit in a reception area fill out a job application for a temp agency . a woman be sit next to she . Debbie look completely morose . woman how many word can you type a minute ? CUT to : int . courthouse - day ( same time ) the guard Seth know unlock a judge 's chamber for he . Seth go into the private chamber and put he bag down on the leather sofa . huge bookcase , mahogany desk . judge stuff . Seth look at a photo rest on the desk . it 's a picture of Seth on the mongoose . his father be stand next to he smile broadly . it 's the day he father buy he the bike . Seth look as emotional as we have ever see he . marty come in through another door , startle to see Seth there . marty what be you do here ? I think I tell you I do not want to see you again . seth I need to talk to you . marty get out . seth dad , I really need to talk . marty what be it ?! seth I want out of the firm . marty great . so leave . I do not really care what you do anymore . but you come here be unacceptable . you want to cost I my judgeship ? I can not have any connection to you . seth you know how you ask I to invest for you ? well I have get something . it 's a sure thing . marty you have get to be kid I , Seth . get out . seth I be talk about make you half a million on the next new issue . and it 's safe . marty Seth , listen . seth I play you off as a whale by have you go in on a couple of big trade that jt marlin tell you to invest in . you know , prove you loyalty . figure you will drop $ 50,000 . marty be you fuck nut ? seth just listen to I . after you drop the fifty they will have faith in you as a customer . when the next ipo come out you will get a huge chunk for be so loyal . then instead of hold onto it until Michael can sell off all of the common stock , you dump it the same day . we will make a fortune and the stock will immediately collapse . that should raise enough red flag for the SEC to come in and close shop within a week . we walk rich and jt go down . marty I can not believe we be have this conversation . seth this be the way I want to get out . marty tough shit , Seth ! you better walk right now before you be the one the SEC come after . seth but this way I can leave and give they a taste of they own medicine . marty be just stare at he son . he look dumbstruck . marty I do not understand you . I really do not . you think I be go to help you commit a crime ? seth a crime ? you do not like this people any more than I do . the whole firm be crooked . we be serve justice . and who be we commit a crime against ? marty this be bullshit rhetoric . what 's this all about ? do I have to play on you term ? a act of faith ? be that it ? seth I just want to do this with someone I trust , that 's all . I be get out like you tell I to . marty I can not do it , Seth . it 's illegal ! Seth get up , walk to the desk and pick up the phot . seth you remember this day ? marty of course . I buy you that bike . seth do you remember what happen about a month after this ? marty what do you want from I , Seth ? seth do you remember when I break my leg ? marty ( snap ) of course I remember ! you be hysterical . I have to get you to stop . seth hysterical ? you mean like you be right now ? I be not even cry , dad . marty get out of here . seth sorry I could not get the job you want I to have . but you know what , who give a shit ? I be good at what I do . the casino be a business !! a legitimate business ! and I run it pretty fuck well , dad . to think I close it for you . marty ( shocked ) you close it ? seth then I go after this job because I think it be what you want I to be do . I do not know they be a fuck chop - shop when I go there . ( laugh sadly ) it 's like I can not get away from it . but I try to make the change you tell I to . I do everything you say . I be leave jt now . I be just ask you to do this one thing with I . just this one last thing . marty really consider he , perhaps for the first time . marty I be sorry , Seth . I can not do it . seth Fine , I will find someone else . Seth get up and walk out . CUT to : int . debbie' apartment - morning Seth be in Debbie 's live room with she . they be whisper . debbie what be you gonna do now ? seth I be still gonna do it . I have this friend who may go in with I . till then I be gonna make as much money as I can at the firm . I do not care who get fuck anymore . my father can go to hell ! debbie Seth please , my mom . seth sorry . debbie I do not think this be a good idea . why do not you just quit ? seth no . I tell you . I have invest too much time . and I have no fuck money come in anymore because Jeff tank my gold mine . I need this . debbie how about find a position at a real brokerage house ? you be a great broker now . I be sure you could easily get a job . seth do what ? ticket run ? come from jt marlin you think they be go to let I trade for they ? there 's no way . Seth look up at the ceiling . seth ( cont 'd ) why be you so against this anyway ? what do you care if I pull this off ? it will be great for both of we . debbie I just have a bad feel about it . seth you know what , I gotta go . debbie where be you go ? Seth , wait . I need to talk to ... seth ( daze ) I have to go figure this all out . Seth get up and leave . debbie Seth . he walk out . Debbie pause at the door , want to run after he , to tell he ! she cry . her mother 's call make the decision for she . she lock up and walk toward she mother . there 's a knock back at the door and she run toward it . debbie ( cont 'd ) ( while unlock ) baby , I be so sorry . I need to tell you something I have be keep in for ... she open the door to agent true and literally jump from fear . true walk in without be invite . true why do not you do that . why do not you tell I something . debbie ( almost hysterical ) be quiet , my mother 's finally sleep . they walk to the live room . true what 's he do ? debbie nothing . he 's do nothing . but I find out how Michael operate the whole thing . let I give you that . true honestly , you be a shitty witness . Black secretary be not as credible as white stock broker . it 's a fuck up legal system . we need Seth to testify , not you . now what the fuck be he up to ? debbie he have not say a word to I . true stare at she hard when ... true you be a smart girl , Debbie . why be you do this to I ? debbie what ? true normally , we could play this game for a bit , but this be just such a bad time to fuck with I ! debbie what do you want I to tell you ? true you want I to go wake Mom ? maybe if we all sit down and talk about thing we can figure out a way to have someone come and give she she medication while you be upstate . debbie fuck you . true give he up !! Debbie finally lose it . she begin to sob . debbie alright . true go ahead ! what 's he do ? mother ( o.s. ) Debbie , be you okay ? true be you ? debbie he 's go in with a friend on a ipo scam this week . it 's on the new issue . I better get immunity you piece of shit . true keep talk to I like that . that 's you best bet . CUT to : ext . harry & susan's apartment - day Harry be outside rake leave when he hear the phone ring . Susan look up at he because he seem so jumpy . susan I will get it . harry no! ( calmer ) I mean , I will get it . Susan look at he nervously as he run into the house . CUT to : int . boiler room - day ( same time ) the firm be go nut . a ipo from last week , farrow tech , just have its rip bump to $ 2 . it 's a big money day . adam you do not look like you be fuck around today . seth that be because I be not fuck around . I be make bank today and I do not care who the fuck I take it from . CUT to : ext . harry & susan's apartment - day Harry , out of breath , reach the phone on the fourth ring . harry hello ? seth hi Harry . harry Seth ! do you get my call ? seth yes Harry , it 's just be crazy here . harry what the hell 's happen with farrow tech , it 's drop five point since I buy it . I wanna sell . seth sell now ? the stock be down ! you do not make money in the market buy high and sell low , Harry . harry so what 's go on ? tell I why we should not just get out now . seth alright , here 's the deal . I tell you thing would happen within sixty day , it 's only twenty so far , but the situation here be explosive and I want to get you involved . that 's why I have not return any call . I have be gather information all morning . so here it be : the stock 's down for tech reason . it 's be on the restrict list all week . but it 's the same company . as a matter of fact , while it be on the restrict list , farrow be do nothing but signing more contract . I be tell you it 's look like we next big one here . hold on a second , Harry . Seth push hold . Jim Young have walk in front of the board and begin to speak to the firm . jim just get word from Michael . the rip on farrow tech be now three dollar . the place explode . Seth get back on the phone . seth listen to this , Harry . Seth hold the phone out toward the chaos . harry Jesus Christ , what 's go on over there ? seth see what I be say ? people know . the place be go nut . it 's already up a point and its just come off the restrict list . I be advise all my client to get in on this , and heavy . hold on a second , let I close the door to my office . Seth hold the phone next to the open drawer of he desk , and then slam it shut . he then clamber under he desk for some quiet . seth ( cont 'd ) alright , now you get the same stock that we pick up at eight , only now it 's at four . now , when it be at eight I tell you it be go to twenty , right ? harry you do . seth right , and it 's still go there , probably even higher now . this do not change anything except that you be go to make more money than you do before . look Harry , I like it at eight , I love it at four . it 's a average down for you . harry what ? seth dollar cost average . if you own a hundred share at ten dollar and now you buy another one hundred at five , that 's a f200 share at $ 7.50 a share . you cost basis be lower . now if I get you involved at ten and take you out at fifteen , you have make how many point Harry ? harry five . seth exactly . but if I get you involved at seven and a half and I take you out at fifteen , well that 's seven and a half point , that 's even better . harry ( shaky , but turn toward Seth ) I do not know . seth I also have a bullet on it . a couple of day ago Dan dorfman , on cnbc , put a heavy buy recommendation on farrow tech . reason be , he 's be in contact with the ceo of the company and they feel fda approval will happen in the next three or four week . ( gain speed ) listen to I . off the record , I just call a broker friend of mine at another firm and have he pick I up fifty thousand share under my sister - in - law 's name . I be go to put all my kid through college with this stock . look , I have a thousand more phone call to make , Harry . I have to call every one of my client and give they this same opportunity . remember when we first speak ? I tell you that this firm only have five or six great idea a year ! well , Harry , this be one of that idea . Seth awkwardly reach up for he glass of water on the desk spilling it all over himself . he do not make a sound . seth ( cont 'd ) I remember you say something about buy a house , right ? harry yeah . seth well , how would you like to pay for it tomorrow ... in cash ? harry you be serious . seth serious as cancer . harry all I have get be the fifty thousand from we savings . sheryl Seth , you have get a call on line three . seth that 's my secretary . I gotta go . I have a lot of client I need to make money for today . what 's it gonna be , Harry ? CUT to : int . seth's bedroom - night Seth be on the phone . seth I think you be come over tonight ? debbie I can not make it . I be not feel well . seth come over . I will take care of you . debbie no. I be go to just stay here . seth alright , then I will come over there . I will bring you some soup . debbie no. do not . Mom 's not do too well either . seth oh shit . I be sorry . debbie it 's stress I out a bit . I will talk to you tomorrow . CUT to : int . marty' house - den - night marty sit in he de go over the mail . he hear he wife on the phone with Seth in the next room . mother ( o.s. ) I know , Seth . but you really go too far this time . I think we be past the lie . well then when you figure it out you should have say something . I understand that . it 's true , he definitely have not help any . int . live room - night ( continuous ) marty stand at the doorway listen to he wife . she have she back to he and do not hear he walk up . mother of course he 's upset . you guy be go to work through it though . I be sure of it . he love you , Seth . do you know that ? it 's important that you know that . okay . bye . CUT to : int . boiler room - morning the pitch be wild again today . everybody 's on the phone . greg we be not fuck around today , guy . I be sure you all know that we be go to be get a lot of heat for what farrow tech do yesterday , so be smart on the phone . calm they down . I do not want people dump they share . sheryl Adam ! I get a Mr. klastow , he 's super hot . adam Mr. klastow ? we immediately hear the man scream through the phone . adam ( cont 'd ) right . I understand . right . I be sorry . we could not foresee this when we ... right. okay . I will do it right now . Adam pull out a sell ticket and quickly fill it out . he then take it to greg to be sign . greg ( enraged ) what the fuck be this ? you think I be gonna sign a sell ticket for you ? what do I just say ? greg take the slip and rip it up in front of he . greg ( cont 'd ) call he back and explain the situation to he ! ( to everyone ) no one 's gonna unload today , no one ! Adam go back to he seat badly shake . the whole team look on in disbelief . you can not just rip up a sell ticket . sheryl Seth . line three . Seth push the blink light , still daze . seth Seth Davis here . marty hi Seth , how be you ? he hear he dad 's voice and snap to . seth dad ! marty can I change you mind about do this ipo scheme ? seth no. I be sorry . I already find someone who 's go in with I . marty well then I be go to help you out with it . seth you be gonna do it with I ?! marty no , I can not do it , Seth , but I want to at least make sure you do not get catch . I have someone I know over at the parthenon Group that will talk to you about it . come over to the house tonight . seth thanks , dad . I be so glad you call . marty yeah . bye . sheryl 's answer another income call for Seth . it 's a fire . sheryl Seth , I have get a Harry reynard on the phone . seth pass he on . Harry , I be go to call you today . harry ( desperate ) I want my money back . seth look , I know you be piss , Harry , they have a setback . but do not worry about it , it 's become a goal stock . I plan to bring you eight or nine point over the course of this year . people be talk about it like it 's the next Microsoft . harry ( almost cry ) listen Seth , I be in a heap of trouble here . I need that money back . I be suppose to use it for a down payment on a house for my family . we be go to lose the house now . seth Harry , listen , it 's go to rebound . harry ( scream ) Seth !! I need the money back !!! seth I be sorry . I can not do that . I have to go . Seth hang up the phone . he look very disturb . seth ( cont 'd ) if he call back , I be not here . CUT to : int . harry office - day ( continuous ) Harry look to make sure he co- worker do not hear this exchange . his supervisor walk in as the phone begin to ring . supervisor Harry , do you have that status report ready ? harry yes Michelle . I will bring it right over . supervisor I also want to ask you about ... sheryl ( o.s. ) jt marlin . harry ( curt ) I will talk to you after I finish with this call . Harry turn he head away from she before she can even reply . susan oookay . harry Seth Davis . sheryl May I ask who 's call . harry it 's Harry reynard ! sheryl I be sorry , Mr. reynard , but Mr. Davis just step out for a meeting . harry God ... ( slamm the phone ) ... damn it !! he look around he cubicle , see the photo of he family on he desk , and begin to cry . fade out . int . restaurant - day Seth be sit have lunch with Debbie . he look very upset . seth be you gonna talk to I ? debbie I do not know what to tell you , Seth . I mean think about it . if you pull off this ipo deal and I be associate with you , what do you think be gonna happen do I ? seth they will not be able to prove anything . debbie who say they have to ? I be gonna lose my job unless I put some distance between we now . the front door open as agent true , with three other FBI agent , walk straight toward Seth 's table . Debbie be face the door and see they immediately . her face go pale . seth what 's wrong ? they stop at the table . true Seth Davis , you be under arrest for the violation of 26 SEC and nasd regulation . debbie ( try to be genuine ) what be you do ? what 's this all about ? Seth , I will get you out of this . seth just do not call my father . true sit down , Debbie . Seth hear he call she name . he look at she as he 's cuffed . he look as scared and hurt as a man can feel without cry . CUT to : int . harry & susan's apartment - night Harry stand against a wall , sweat heavily . he look completely dishevel . his expression be one of anticipation . a plate fly across the room , shatter on the wall . Harry cringe , sink into a fetal position on the floor . he cry . Susan walk across the floor toward he . Max & Sara 's cry now permeate the apartment . she stand over he . susan how could you be so stupid !? Max and Sara stand in the doorway watch in tear . susan ( cont 'd ) what be you think , Harry ? the kid , the house , we future !! harry ( cry ) I be sorry . I be so sorry . Susan lean against the wall , then slink down next to he and begin to sob . Harry reach over to console she . she backhand he hard across the side of he head , send he glass flying and he cower back . they both cry . CUT to : int . FBI economic crime unit - night ( same time ) Seth be bring in through the side door and lead to a small interrogation room . he walk in to see marty at a table . seth ( scream ) why do you bring he in ? he do not do anything ! marty what the fuck be go on , Seth ? do you talk to they about I ? seth what ??!! of course not . why be he here !? marty you sure , Seth ? seth of course I be sure . not a word . marty ( to agent true ) that 's it . I be walk out of here in three second unless you charge I with something . agent true reach over to a tape recorder and push play . it 's a recording of marty 's earlier conversation with Seth . marty ( v.o. ) can I change you mind about do this ipo scheme ?... then I be go to help you out with it ... I want to at least make sure you do not get catch . marty ( cont 'd ) Jesus Christ . CUT to : int . harry & susan's apartment - night ( later ) Harry be sit on the floor of the live room as he wife leave with the kid . he be cry again . CUT to : int . harry garage - night ( later ) Harry be in the corner of the garage . he have a small black case in front of he . he open it to reveal a .9 mm handgun . he load the gun back and place it back in its case . he 's wear he best suit . CUT to : int . FBI economic crime unit - night seth so what do you want from I ? true we want you to testify . seth no whit . what be you offer ? true full immunity . seth what about my father ? true he will not do any time . marty I have not do anything illegal , Seth . seth so what 's the deal . marty I lose my judgeship just go along for the ride . true I have get nothing to do with that . marty sure you do . you be gonna release that tape to the press . make you case so much more glamorous with the involvement of a Federal judge . seth no deal . true what ? seth take my father out the back door right now and bring he home . he have nothing to do with this case at all . if he name show up in one newspaper , I do not testify . and I mean that . for I , it would be worth go to jail for . true you be serious ? seth what do you think ? true I think you be nut . you want to do it that way ? Fine . then no immunity for you , pal . I need one of you to face the music . marty Seth , do not be stupid . he 's right . I will not see a day in jail . they will get you for at least four year . seth I do not care . go home , dad . true alright , alright , alright . before we start deal here , just what be you offer ? seth I be gonna hand you this case on a silver fuck platter . I know everything you do not . I know how it all work . how Michael make he money , where it go , and who 's get it . now what happen tomorrow ? true you go back to work tomorrow like nothing happen . just for one day . I need you client book and you whole C - drive back up onto floppy . but do not get any stupid inclination to travel abroad . we know where you father life . you be go away , kid . seth yeah . you mention that earlier . true yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , you little fuck . agent true walk over to take Seth away . marty ( to true ) give I a couple of minute with he , would you ? agent true just nod and walk out . seth I be sorry , dad . I be so fuck sorry . I do not mean to do this to you . marty shhhh . let I speak . marty take a deep breath and close he eye . marty ( cont 'd ) when I come up to you behind that car , it be the hardest thing I ever have to bear . I just want to make you pain disappear . I do not even know how to describe the feel . but I want you to know something . he begin to cry . Seth have never see he cry before . marty ( cont 'd ) not a single day of my life have go by where I do not think about that moment , where I do not dream I be there for one more chance . if I could take back just one thing in my life , Seth , do one thing over ... I be more sorry than you will ever know . Seth lean across and they embrace tightly . fade out . int . boiler room - day Seth be on the phone though not fire up as usual . he look very nervous and continually check the time . sheryl Seth , line two . seth hello ? true get go . Seth hear a click before he can even say okay . he hang up the phone , stand up , and address the table . seth I be go to lunch , boy . table see you , Seth . Seth stop by Chris and drop a note on he desk . he 's on the phone while he read the letter . he stare at Seth leave the room . after a moment of think , he too begin to pack . we follow Seth out to the reception room where Debbie watch he approach . Seth look at she , but say nothing . debbie Seth ? CUT to : ext . boiler room - day ( continuous ) Seth come out of the building and head to he car . as soon as he begin to cross the lot he notice a man come toward he . it be harry . there be walk right towards one another . Harry accidentally drop he briefcase . the content spill onto the floor . Seth bend over to help . he nervously look around as he help Harry , wait for the fed to show . Seth unknowingly pick up the gun case and hand it to Harry . Harry be very gracious . harry thank you so much . seth ( smile genuinely ) no problem . CUT to black .