Bones script back this portion of the screenplay be originally page 14 - 26 . it be present out of order to reflect the final film . ext . blackstone ave . - 2000 - night Dark night . most street light shot out . just one or two of the eerie vapor light leave on the block . a middle - aged african - american man carry he single bag of grocery . the man listen and watch carefully , as he negotiate the darkness between the few pool of light on the street . we will not see he face until he reach the next pool of light , but he walk with shoulder hunch in fear . move down the block , all shop abandon . Broken window . rat . the man almost trip over a vague shadow pass out and crumpled in a abandon doorway . it 's the crackhead we see mumble himself into the nod - off zone . he 's still faintly sing a part of the bone song as the man pass . he stop in the light . and we see it 's shotgun : 20 year of fear and loathing etched on he face . he freeze , listen for a second to the crackhead wheeze mumble - no - it 's something else he 's listen for -- and hearing . from behind he a low wheezy sound , like some huge panting dog . he stop . and it stop . he walk on and it follow : as he hurry to the next pool of light and safety , he ear strain for the nearly silent pad and wheeze steadily follow . suddenly , he hear that panting closer and closer until it 's nearly right behind he . he start run , though he have not yet see anything . only hear the mongrel hot on he heel . follow with shotgun as he stumble , careen , and wheeze through the street and alley , terrify . wind , he eventually stop , he hand tremble into he shopping bag , seek a weapon . and we see the building he 's pause beside : Bones ' place . pockmark by age . like the face of some furious old man . now he can almost feel the dog 's breath on the back of he neck ... shotgun spin , whipping a bottle of milk out of the bag and hurl it into the darkness behind he . the bottle smashes against the wall of Bones ' building . for a second , silhouett against the now white wall , the tall , too tall , shape of the skinny black dog . without wait to see what he hit , shotgun take off run to reach he building across the street . the sound of the dog 's nail skitter across the street right behind he -- -- and he just make it -- int . shotgun' build - continuous Inside , safe , panting for breath . then start run up the stair ... ext . shotgun' build - continuous from outside he third floor window , we see shotgun run into he apartment , slam down he grocery on the counter , grab a old rifle from under he bed and hurry to he open window . int . shotgun' apartment - continuous he scan / aim out he window across the street to the now desolate building where Bones once live . finger on the trigger , eye scan the shadow for the dog . mumbling quotation from the Bible about canine , some of which be handwritten and tape up on he wall and mirror : shotgun " thou shalt not bring a dog into the house of the Lord thy God , for they be a abomination . " deuteronomy . suddenly , something move on the empty street catch he eye . he angle on the Black Dog emerge from the shadow in the street . we first good look at the beast . Long claw paw , all tooth and tongue and a curve bony rib cage like it have not eat in 20 year . it 's long black head seem almost to be throbbing , move from within , almost subliminally we see a weirder , demonic , more skeletal dog face just beneath the black fur ... or be it just the buzzing light from the vapor lamp ? shotgun ( cont 'd ) ( as he aim he rifle ) " they return at evening : snarling like dog and prowling the city ... " Psalm 59 , vs. 6 ... the dog stand in the pool of light , offer a perfect shot . shotgun smile , aim , and then fire , make -- ext . bone build - continuous -- a direct hit ! but the dog do not move . unfaze . the bullet must have miss . or else go right through he . the long - face dog just look up at shotgun like it be laugh at the fool . and have be for year . shotgun reach for the spill grocery on the counter . shove aside bread and can goods and other edible necessitate , and find a half - dozen box of rifle round . he calmly reload the rifle . and the sound of another shot echoe in the night over ... ext . around the corner - continuous two frat boy , jason and palmer , drive a too nice car in a too bad part of town . palmer at the wheel while Jason make a call on the cellular . palmer great . gun shot . jason just a backfire . palmer like you would know . face it . we be lose . jason take a leave , no , I mean a right . okay , stop for a second . they stop in the middle of a block . Jason on the phone . jason ( cont 'd ) we be here . where the hell be you ? stank ( on phone ) back here . at the end of the block . he turn around and see behind they , two guy stand on the far corner . one 's on the phone . stank ( cont 'd ) ( on phone ) you get the cash ? jason you get the shit ? stank ( on the phone ) yeah , but you get to come the rest of the way on foot . leave you car and walk over here . ext . STREET - same they exit the car , look all around they with more than a touch of paranoia . as they walk nervously down the block , they join the two on the corner . it 's stank and weaze , both 17 . jason let I see it . stank let I see it . jason ( hand he the money ) where be it ? stank I can not carry it in my pocket , man . and I can not go get it for you cause you might be a cop . you gonna have to pick it up yourself . Jason and palmer be not sure about this . by the sphincteral look on he face , palmer would rather forget about it . stank ( cont 'd ) do not worry . it 's just round the corner . halfway down that block , you can not miss it . top step of the front stair , there 's a loose stone . go on , I be not shitting you . jason fuck it . alright . ext . blackstone ave . - continuous they walk around the corner and enter a bleak block with at least half the lot burnt out . palmer be it too late for I to officially register my grow certainty that this be a extremely bad idea ? farther down , in the center of one side of the street , stand a particularly ominous abandon building . Bones ' building . Jason ignites a Zippo , and they see one loose brick . Jason pull it out and behind it see a glint of baggy . jason easy as pie . and twice as tasty . he open the bag . it 's fill with rock cocaine . angle - across the STREET on the third floor , shotgun sit in he straight - back chair in front of the open center window drink coffee , cradling he rifle on he lap . see the frat boy pick up they shit . then he look out at bone 's ' tomb ' : Dark blank window stare back at he ; the building 's front door cover with break vertical board with jag piece miss , look almost like a jack -o- lantern 's grin . shotgun then look back down at the boy below . from behind they they hear they car alarm go off . palmer someone 's screwing with the car ! but from the other way come cop , in a plain wrap car , a hand reach out and put the spin blue light on the roof . no place to run . no place to hide for the boy . they reach for the door of the shutter building -- and it open ! shotgun yo . you two , get the hell away from there ! but they ignore he and disappear into the darkness inside the gape maw of Bones ' building . shotgun shake he head sit back down , cradling he rifle . shotgun ( cont 'd ) fool . int . bone ' build - continuous Inside , the boy huddle in the darkness behind the door , wait for the cop to pass . the boy look around the decaye gothic interior light only by the eerie glow of the sodium vapor light outside . what we last see as the ornate 70' luxury lobby in Bones ' day , be now a horror show . wall tear and stain . mold grow in patch on the wall and ceiling . huge cobweb hang . the furniture 's all break . a gnaw tear sound make palmer spin : a rat stick its head up through the rotted cushion of the couch . palmer let 's get the hell outta here . Jason shush he as the room be fill with the flash blue light of the cop car trawling slowly down the street . from inside they hear the sound of a car door slamm and cop shoe walk . jason oh fuck , c'mon ... he grope he way in the darkness to a staircase . palmer be right behind he as they slip upstairs , deeper into the gape darkness of the abandon building . while below they the door open and cop light and cop voice penetrate the gloom . older cop ... not go in there . waste o' time . younger cop I see them go in . and from the boy ' high vantage point up the stair we see the first cop walk in with flashlight draw . while inside the cop car - close angle all we see be two meaty hand unwrap a wax - paper cover pork chop sandwich . the cop , face in shadow , bring the drip ping sandwich up over he huge belly towards he face . inside bone ' build the frat boy hold they breath while rat run across they foot . Jason slamm he hand over palmer 's mouth to keep he from scream . down below the young plainsclothes cop step deeper into the room , and shine he flashlight at the stairwell . upstair Jason pull the reluctant palmer further up the stair , to the third floor as below they they hear the cop come up . Jason pull palmer through the nearest door and into : int . jimmy bone ' old pad - continuous the rotted remain of what be once Jimmy Bones ' master bedroom . the room he be betrayed and slaughter in . downstair the cop begin to head up the stair . visible behind he , down through the open front door , be the plain wrap car . the older cop inside , mouth fulla sammich , loudly say : fat older cop forget it ! no way they be in there . trust I . I have be work down here twenty year . no one go in there . from the fat older cop' Pov we watch as the young cop return to the car , give up . and when he climb in , we reverse and reveal who the older cop be : lupovich , the cop who help kill Bones . but he 's decaye and expand into a hank quinlan - like mountain of corrupt cop flesh . too many pork chop sandwich . lupovich let 's get the hell outta here . int . jimmy old pad - same from upstairs , the boy see the blue light of the cop car recede as the car pull away down below . palmer reach for the door . he want out . but in the darkness , he can not find the door . palmer gimme some light . behind Jason we see a shape , a shadow , a tall silhouette , a man-shape deeper darkness form within the darkness . Jason light he lighter . and in the flicker we see behind he that this room now contain a portion of hell : it 's not just the chip paint and peel rotted wall paper , or the crack and gap in the break old ceiling mirror . all surface seem to be a swirl , shifting pattern in which we can dimly and subliminally make out face as if people be trap on the surface of thing . exactly like the glimpse we have beneath the world when Jimmy die ... the floor , the wall , the furniture , everything in it -- make out of the wrack and twisted devour and devoure form of dead soul . they face , hollow plead eye and howling mouth visible like flow grain in wood . and in the center of it all stand the dark silhouette of Bones , impossibly tall and thin , stretch malevolently out across the room like a live shadow . but the boy do not see this as they be find the door . we see Bones shadow arching towards they while they fumble . palmer finally open the door to the sound of a deep rumbling growl from the darkness on the other side . and in the open door stand the black dog . they boy jump back . but breathes easy . palmer ( cont 'd ) just a dog ... and the black dog leap up at they -- tooth fly right for the boy ' throat . and in the flicker ghastly light we see its demon face break through . the dog sink he long tooth into Jason 's arm . he flail and drop he lighter , still light , on the floor . as soon as he do , the dog release Jason , and disappear as fast as it appear , back into the darkness . the two kid panic , Jason shaking and bleed , look around , wait for the dog or something else to attack , see back through the doorway into the room from hell . behind they we see that tall man-shape shadow . the Bones shadow be oblivious to the two frantic boy , intent only on the small flicker flame of the lighter still burn where it fall against the lower wood panele of the wall . a thin trail of black smoke as the flame barely begin to catch on the chip lead - fill flammable paint . the boy run and stumble down the hall away from the horror , while back in the room the Bones -shadow watch as the lighter flicker and die out . other than a slightly blacken spot , the wall be unburn . the black shadow shudder in rage , arch back and hoooowls in frustration , its mouth abnormally large . the shadowy head snap in the direction of the boy -- ready to vent it 's wrath , and for a subliminal second we see in the head , the hellish face of Jimmy Bones . the boy round the second floor landing and fly down the last flight of stair . Jason 's foot break through a rotted floorboard and for a second , it appear as though rotten hand be just below the stair , grab at he foot and leg . he yelp in terror , pull he foot back as they continue towards the front door , the bones-th 's woofer - busting howl roaring down from the third floor . the sheer infinite adrenaline rush of pure horror and the desperation to survive drag the boy off the stair as they tear across the floor and hurl themselves out the front door into the night air ... Jason fall and lie on the stoop . ext . bone ' build - continuous across the street , shotgun see the boy in the doorway . then , as a nearly dead vapor light suddenly flicker and come to life , the shadow create on Bones ' building make it look almost like a demonic face . gulping for air , laugh hysterically at they survival , the frat boy pause . Jason sit back on he butt , check he wound . the doorway behind they just a black hole in space . palmer ( bump fist together ) damn , bro . that be close ! then suddenly something - it happen so fast we be not sure just what grab suck - pull palmer back into the black doorway hole . Jason , still prone , try to crawl away but whatever get he friend now suck he in too . his fingernails scraping along the stoop in frenzied desperation . with shotgun when he hear the boy pitiful scream and whimper from across the street , he leap to he foot and try to see into the dark of the doorway across the street . but he can only hear what be happen to the unlucky frat fella : moan and the sound of flesh tear , and swallow , and they last die scream . up and down the block the scream reverberate . face appear in some window . while in other , shade be draw and the light go out ... back with shotgun mumbling to himself : shotgun " for outside be dog and sorcerer ... " revelation 22 , vs. 15 . tear welling in he eye that he angrily flick away . looking at the build it still have the shadowy look / shape of Jimmy Bones , now shifting again as the vapor light on the street sputter out again , plunging the street into near darkness . the body of palmer no longer visible below . when he look back , the building seem just a old building again . then there 's movement in a upper window , catch he eye . shotgun see the tall , shadowy silhouette . the figure be elongate , can not tell if it be a man , or the distort shadow of a man . it beckon to shotgun . shotgun just tighten he grip on he rifle and speak as if the shadowy thing across the street could hear he . shotgun ( cont 'd ) you still mad ? still want I ? come on and get I . the shadow shake its head . as if it can hear he . and again mutely beckon to he . on shotgun shotgun ( cont 'd ) oh , right . you can not . you be trap there . well be not that too bad . ai not that just too damn bad . this portion of the screenplay be originally page 1 - 2 . it be present out of order to reflect the final film . fade in : ext . south side of town - 1979 - day in the ghetto . a thriving street . shop and apartment . storefront , newsttand . life in the hood . a sleek black buick electra ' deuce and a quarter ' float down the avenue , curtis mayfield - style ... int . buick electra - day behind the fur-cover steering wheel : shotgun , a break - nose bodyguard for the man in the back seat : jimmy bone - 28 . his street . his world . cool , handsome , respected . dress very fly , but not excessive . Long black coat , black silk shirt , and match wide - brimm hat . his leave hand sport a big diamond ring while he right hand toy with a long silver razor , polished and oile to perfection so that the long glint blade can swing back and forth , or lock into position . ext . blackstone ave . - day Bones step out from the car on to he street like a benevolent feudal lord or a popular mafia Don . quick cut of jimmy : -- greeting and soul shaking every man , woman and child on the block : they display a mixture of fear / love and respect . -- coolly take down number in a notebook : soothing to the loser , encourage to the wary , tough with the welcher . -- and hand out a rare win to a astonished old man stand in he pajamas in the doorway of a old tenement .: bone do not spend it all in one place . spread it around . and shop local . this portion of the screenplay be originally page 13 - 14 . it be present out of order to reflect the final film . we see Pearl stand at the sink , scrubbing the blood stain on she , wash she hand , wash and wash they ... credit roll over : her hand , wash become time pass . year , decade , the building and the surroundings decay ... and still the dark , skinny dog prowl the shadow . just one more reason we no longer see anyone walk the street at night . the 90' end -- and Bones ' building stand wear and naked with burnt - out lot on either side . and the street feel like a ghost town . in the evil color light of the gaseous street light , Bones ' own shadow stretch and distort across all three storey . his shadow face fill a window . as in and around the building and out in the ruin on either side , the black dog still walk . and finally return to weathered hand still washing themselves in hot water -- to the present . pull out and reveal Pearl , skin draw , eye heavy , now 20 year older , wash she hand . and then drying they . credit end this portion of the screenplay be originally page 26 - 31 . it be present out of order to reflect the final film . this portion of the screenplay contain scene that do not appear or occur elsewhere in the final movie . in order to maintain the integrity of the screenplay , it have not be edit . close on : int . krushed klub - night two raging black scream skull engulf in eye-scorch fluorescent green fire : the decal on the front panel of a Gemini executioner , a hi tech mixer . four hand at the control . throb , shifting twisted beat . we be in a northside dance club : pull out to reveal bill , 20 , and maurice , aka Space cowboy and intergalactic gangster of Love , 20 . the two boy dj - ing . they be accompany by the croon voice and dance body of Bill 's step-sister tia , 29 . Bill 's black . tia 's white . and maurice be not of this earth . Bill 's turntablize : he hand dance between two competition style direct drive turntable tilt side by side , play they like a instrument . while maurice play in and around and out of Bill 's rhythm , with he 6 top-loaded computerize CD player , the boy hand the beat back and forth and up and down , building outrageously , till maurice tip it over the top . maurice goodness gracious grande bolas del fuego ! the floor be jamme with underground dance scenester , college student and space - out shoegazer trip on ketamine , dance with they invisible friend . the bar 's surround by a sea of hand wave money , demand drink . we boy be popular . and the club be make a lot of green tonight . see someone check out all the money , count head : patrick , 23 , Bill 's older brother . the money man . ext . back on the south side - night stank and weaze be cruise around in the frat boy BMW , laugh they ass off . int . the krushed klub - pre-dawn live show 's over . and a chill mix tape play while the boy pack they gear . across the club , Patrick 's argue with the club owner , moe . just now hand Patrick a couple bill . Patrick 's not happy . ext . krushed klub - continuous the guy and tia stumble out with all they equipment , load it and themselves into Patrick 's over-size suv . Patrick right behind they . they gather around to split they fee . patrick well , the bad news be we only make 25 buck each . tia how could that be ? the box be pack ! patrick moe 's term . maurice we practically pay he for the privilege of play he club . bill so what the hell 's the good news ? patrick I just accelerate my top secret long term plan for we world domination . maurice sqweeep . we innerup this programme to bring you this special news bulletin -- ( human teletype sound ) " alien from reticula 3 have hijacked Patrick peet and injected moly headcheese into he skull fill he entire brain cavity with cosmic slop ... " patrick I be plan on wait until I get the place clean out , but -- like the man say , carpe diem . Patrick hand Bill and tia each a flyer : the Restaurant Brothers Ill Bill and dj maurice -- a.k.a . the Space cowboy play at illibent . Fridays . tia illibent ? who 's club be that ? patrick our ! bill what be ya talkin ' about , our ? Patrick beckon they into the car . ext . blackstone - day Patrick pull up to the abandon lot next to Bones ' building . in broad daylight the building look even stranger . the line do not matchup . weed and break glass , rusted autopart , and empty abandon shopping cart in tangle heaps like ruin in the lot beside the building . bill look like a damn graveyard round here . patrick I be tell you , this neighborhood be come back . maurice yeah . but just where the hell have it be ? they step up to the front of the building . bill damn . that be the ugliest building I have ever see . patrick naw . I think it 's ... I dunno . something about it just buzze I . maurice that would be the after effect of that reticular inseminoid encounter you have . Patrick open the door and step inside . patrick welcome to the Ill Zone . int . the build - continuous the darkness break only by sunlight stream through grimy window reveal the decaye interior of the building . we can see now nothing 's be move since the late ' 70' . Old furniture , carpet , picture - late ' 70 's gothic . tia damn it 's cold in here ! bill it 's eighty degree outside . and it 's gotta be barely fifty in here . maurice and damp , too . let 's not forget damp . patrick whattaya think ? can you picture it ? over there the bar , and in here -- the dance floor . bill possible ...maybe ... could be . Patrick lead they to the stairwell go up and down around the old elevator cage / shaft . patrick I get a great deal on it . they could not give this place away . just dead meat stanking up they book for twenty year . they come to the elevator shaft , no elevator in sight . patrick ( cont 'd ) the last owner on the lease before the bank be back in ' 79 . some dude name Jimmy Bones . empty ever since . maurice look down the elevator shaft and get immediately dizzy , almost plunging to he doom - pull back by Bill . maurice Jimmy Bones ? patrick yeah , you hear of he ? maurice you have not ? patrick not that I remember . maurice he be a local legend back in the ' 70' . there be a song , stagolee kinda deal : " this be the ballad of Jimmy Bones / Black as night and hard as stone ... " patrick I be bear near here . my dad 's from here . he never mention it . bill Bones ! how baddass be zat ? this be the place for we . Patrick , you get platinum prop , man . platinum . maurice yeah , in the land of the blind the one eye would be king . bill what 's you problem with cripple Dick ? maurice look around , this place be a dump ! naw , it would have to work to be a dump . patrick you gotta use you imagination . maurice " this be Patrick ... " ( make the sound of egg crack , the sizzling as it land in the skillet ) " ... and this be Patrick on crack . " imagination , my butt . even the space cowboy can not ... patrick ( interrupt ) why do not y'all check out the rest ? I be go downstairs and see if I can get the furnace fire up . warm this place up , you will see . it have serious potential . maurice potential toxic dump site . int . stair - continuous Mia , Bill and maurice all climb the stair as maurice light a joint with a little box of stick match . bill be you nut ? maurice the man say just to use my imagination . ( take a huge hit ) let 's see ... yeah , I get it . potential . I can see it now . the first major urban theme park . Village ghetto land . kinda like legoland , but make entirely from break glass , hypodermic needle and crack vial . totally e-ticket . bill keep smokin ' , fool . tia check out the second floor while Bill and maurice continue up the stair to the third floor . Bones ' old crib . with bill and maurice behind they , barely subliminal glimpse - a manshape darker shadow within a shadow . Bill feel a cold wind from nowhere . and hear a whispery sound seemingly carry in the breeze . hollow echoes it be not eh money . it 's the big fat float what if ... bill what do you say ? maurice I do not say nothing . hollow echoes take he down to the storm clear . bury he . bill you do not hear that ? " take he ... " something . " bury he " or ... maurice take who where ? what you smokin ' ? below on the second floor tia 's check out a bedroom . hear a light tinkling in a closet . she open it : empty except a row of rusty metal hanger , hold the moldy remain of Bones old suit . downstair in the basement - patrick be there a flashlight , poke around . try to find the metal knob to turn on the gas . eerie as hell down there . out of the corner of we eye we see a shadow move , loom . a scurrying sound and Patrick turn he flashlight in the other direction : we glimpse a bloat rat . behind he , the shadow we glimpse grow , elongate . Patrick note another door . this one padlock . sense someone or something behind he , Patrick turn with the flashlight . nothing there . but the Bones -shadow be behind he again . again he feel something and again he turn the flashlight around : nothing . except the bones-shadow be again ... behind he . shake it off , Patrick head for the old heater , pull out match to light the pilot as Bones -shadow stay behind he . bone Pov Bones watch as Patrick reach around the gas heater . when Patrick strike a match head , the Bones -shadow move even closer to he as Patrick reach in and light the pilot . when Patrick step back , Bones -shadow grow and stretch , spread like a ink stain , reach across to where the pilot flame flicker . in profile , the shadow - mouth blow ... but no breath come out . the flame do not even flicker . Bones tilt he head back and let loose a eerie bellow of frustration in a subliminal flash we see a howling mouth , bigger than any human mouth , howling within the shadow - face . the sound echoe all through the basement room as Patrick walk back upstairs . he slap a nearby plumbing pipe . patrick go on old pipe , groan all you like . just please do not burst . that I can not afford . follow with bone Pov as disappointed in whatever he hope blow out the furnace pilot would do , he step into the rusted remain of the old elevator and the Pov begin to levitate . int . elevator - continuous Bones ' Pov rise straight up as if still in a work elevator . it rise and we follow up from the basement to the empty first floor , past the second floor to : the third floor where we be still inside , float in the elevator cage . then the Pov move through the metal bar and float towards Bill , who 's approach the door of the room where Jimmy die . as Bill reach to open it , Bones ' Pov float closer - and closer - right up on Bill 's back now . Bill feel the hair on he neck suddenly rise . then he hear : hollow echoes go on . it will not kill you . Bill turn around to check with maurice . bill you have to hear tha ... but maurice be go . and he do not see the shadow there behind he . Bill lean in to the door , listen ... hollow echoes I be not gonna be the only one with this nigger 's blood on my hand ... bill what the f--? a hand jolt he from behind . he spin -- it 's just maurice . maurice ' S up ? bill nothing . contact paranoia . must be buggin ' from hang with you . they turn to walk back down . maurice stop to re-light he joint when the Bones -shadow reach out to grab he wrist . but it 's no good . the shadow hand pass right through , maurice pause for a instant as if he feel something . maurice light he roach , and the match burn closer and closer to he fingertip . then singe they and he drop the match . maurice then head downstairs after Bill . the shadow remain behind , stare at the still burn match on the wooden floor . he bend down , stare intently as if willing it to burn , he hand urging it on , the flame suddenly rise . but then the match sputter harmlessly out . the shadow turn back towards the boy downstairs . while on the second floor tia explore the rest of the floor . hear a sound , like a whimper , from behind another door . she slowly ease open the door then jump back -- Inside , the dog . it growl low and mean , the black fur on the back of it 's neck rise . it 's eye burn too red and bright . tia freeze . the dog growl deeply at she . and as he do we see the Bones shadow rise behind she . it seem to lean in and over she , and the dog stop growl . tia cautiously hold she hand outstretch with the burger for the dog to smell . Bones ' shadow from linger behind she , perhaps simply enjoy the first sight in hellish eon of a beautiful girl . tia how would you get lock in here ? and for how long ? poor baby ... the dog leap up - but not to rip she throat out . instead it snatch the burger and wolf it down in one gulp . tia ( cont 'd ) poor boy . you must be starve . int . first floor - continuous Bill look skeptical , maurice outrage . Patrick firm . bill you want we to move in here ? patrick that 's the only way we will get the place fix up in time . maurice yeah right , and which ever of we be still alive at the end of the week inherit all Vincent price 's cash . patrick look , you guy want to play college radio , high school reunion , and some fool 's club once a week for the rest of you life , that 's cool . but I think we can do better . bill you soundin ' like the old man now . patrick I believe in you guy . you be the real shit . and you know it . now I be put everything I get into this cuz I think we can make it happen , but you gotta put a little in too . now all I " m ask be that everybody do they part . we will move some shit in , and take shift , or all crash together here -- bill Pat 's right . it will be fun . maurice yeah , fine . but Mars need woman . if I gotta sleep in a spookhouse , surround I with chick who be more scared than I . speak of which ... tia 's come down the stair . maurice watch she leg appreciatively as she descend . bill ( rip maurice 's skull ) tia be not a chick . she 's family . and do not forget it . patrick let 's get go . go home , pick up what we need , then crash here . tia look who I find . she come in with the dog pad silently behind she . maurice damn , that 's the nastiest dog I ever see . nothin ' but skin and bone . tia yeah , call he skinny ass " Bones . " " Bones " grin , all tooth with its tongue hang out . they walk out the front door , the dog slip out with they . ext . blackstone - across the STREET - continuous shotgun watch from the window as the group exit the building with the dog . see the cur he instinctively reach for he gun . but the dog 's surround by kid . shotgun hey , watcha do with that dog ? bill he yours , sir ? shotgun Hell no ! bill then what do you care ? shotgun take my advice . and shoot that dog . or let I . bill alright . yes sir . anything you say . tia , Bill and Bones the dog pile into the van as Pearl and she daughter cinnabar , 21 , walk by . the daughter 's as fine now as she mother be then . Pearl see the dog in the van and she head snap to the gang . pearl do not feed that dog . bill you people really do not like dog . pearl some hole can not be fill . some hunger can not be satisfied . maurice ( way under he breath ) and some people need they medication tweak . pearl I be not joke boy . do not feed it . it will only make it hungrier . Pearl walk a little faster , try to draw cinnabar away from the kid and the dog . but cinnabar linger a few pace behind she mother and catch Patrick 's eye . he 's stunne , and before he can speak , maurice speak for he . maurice need any help with that bag , ma'am ? pearl no thanks . patrick no really , let we help . we be new in the neighborhood , gonna be neighbor . cinnabar you move into this block ? maurice not really to live , just to play . pearl that building ? maurice gonna be le hot shit . ( to Pearl ) pardon my francais . dance club . the resurrection Brothers play there . Heard of they ? pearl should I ? cinnabar be they on the radio ? patrick naw . but they will be . they be the best . cinnabar how do you know ? patrick I manage they . pearl and you buy the building ? Pearl study they face , especially Patrick 's . pearl ( cont 'd ) you look mighty familiar to I . you sure you be not from around here ? patrick I be bear near here . but after my mother die , my dad move . I grow up out in rossmore Park . pearl you be pretty black to be grow up in rossmore Park . ext . pearle storefront - day they stop in front of a storefront - same old palm read sign . but the name be different . now it 's " sister pearl - reader and advisor . " Pearl enter the building while a linger cinnabar catch a look on Patrick 's face . cinnabar guess it 's not rossmore Park . thanks for the help . patrick anytime . be see you . Patrick be still check she out . and we can see from a window , Pearl be still check he out . while maurice be check out the wacky window design . maurice yeah , well if she get psychic power , how come she 's work here on desolation row ? ext . black cat pool club - day a run-down storefront , fronted by a crude faux - parisian Black cat facade . a " private club " , the local boss ' hq . int . black cat club - continuous Inside , the light be dim and cloud of cigarettes and cigar smoke float over wear out old pool table . most of the table be empty . a older man wear sunglass line up a careful shot on a corner table . it 's Eddie mack. 20 year after do Bones , he rule the hood . what 's leave of it , anyway . before he can shoot , stank and weaze breeze in , stank hold some car key up in he hand . stank say Eddie . distract , Eddie hit the eightball and scratch . he snap the pool cue over he knee . mack goddamnit ! how many time I tell you -- stank we get a gift for you , Eddie . Fresh new BMW . mack that you steal off that white boy be down here last night ? be you crazy ? everybody from hell to breakfast hear that screamin ' on blackstone last night ! stank but -- mack how many time I tell you , no psycho shit . there gonna be psycho shit , I be the one that do it . weaze we do not do nothing , Eddie . mack you go tell I you do not ginsu that punk and steal they ride ? weaze that 's all we do , steal they ride . mack get that car the hell away from here , now ! I spend a lot of money to keep the cop cool . but this be the kinda shit that piss everybody off . stank we just think ... mack no more thought from you ass . or I will burn you ass and snort the ash . hear I ? ext . rossmore park - evening the guard entrance to the gated community . Bill and the other roll up to the gate in they van . barney fife poke he head in the window and stare at them suspiciously . they all " smile " back . guard okay , go on ahead . bill I be live here my whole life , and that hillbilly still have to check I out each time . maurice hey , it 's he job . keeping indesirable outta the hood . ext . the peet house - continuous they pull into the huge multi-car driveway in front of they house . not quite a mansion , but damn close . int . kitchen - continuous the kid be all sit around the kitchen , watch tia fix some meaty concoction to feed the dog . the dog stare at she expectantly . jaw drip in anticipation . a older , distinguished look black man walk in . patrick hey , dad . and we see they father be ... jeremiah . though now a prosperous banker , twenty year ago he be the man who set Bones up . he enter with nancy , he white second wife , tia 's mother . jeremiah not only do I have to feed the three mouth I get , and that bottomless pit they call maurice , I gotta feed this stray , too ? at the sound of jeremiah 's voice , the dog look up right at he and unleash a low , rumbling growl . tia shhh , Bones . it 's not nice to bite the hand that feed you . jeremiah what do you call that dog ? nancy ( move on ) just what be you feed he ? I do not know we have dog food . tia we do not . I use that meat you have in the bowl . nancy tia , that be the prime rib I be marinate for dinner . they look at the dog eat enough beef to feed six people . this portion of the screenplay be originally page 1 - 4 . it be present out of order to reflect the final film . ext . further down the block - time CUT Bones be back in the car . shotgun roll on down the street and round the corner . Bones see a young black man lean into the window of a police car . it 's jeremiah peet , Bones ' right -hand man , try to do business . and make sure he three year old son keep from run into the street . the cop in the car eat a sloppy sauce - drippin ' pork chop sandwich , watch . bone hold up S - G . give he a toot . jeremiah speak low and rapid to the cop who say nothing , just wipe he greasy lip on a handkerchief . then shotgun hit the car horn , which play a James Brown style trumpet riff . jeremiah step over to Jimmy 's car . jeremiah 's son cautiously follow . jeremiah ' sup Jimmy B. shotgun . ( to he son ) get back on the curb ! now ! bone go easy on jay Bird . I can remember when we be he age ... the boy make eye contact with Bones , who motion he 's get a dollar for he . the boy nervously take it from Bones and then run back to the curb under he father 's harsh eye . jeremiah it 's all arrange for tonight . Eddie mack 's gonna be there . and offisa korruptsky , too . bone they get about twelve and a half minute . top . jeremiah trust I , Jimmy , there 's big money behind this . not just big . big . like big business big . Big corporation big . Big government big . we little acre alone ' will net hundred a thousand . nothing but net . bone nothing but net ? could be a swish . or a muthafuck air ball . jeremiah one simple word , three little letter . yes . that 's all it 's gonna take and we could move out of this dump , get the real deal . Big house , legit business ... bone that 's you dream , Homes . not mine . I do not want to leave this street . ever . the status quo be totally cool with I . pearl maybe I oughtta get there a little early . for good luck . bone do not need luck tonight . I be just let them have they say before I say no . pearl ( worried ) let I see you hand . bone all that shinin ' and " reader and adviser " mess . that be you mama 's bag . I do not know about the readin ' but you both can sure ' nuff advise . pearl ( swat he hand ) my mama 's bag and my granma 's bag , and a long line of mama before she . bone sound like mama need a brand new bag . she take he hand in hers . pearl such fine hand . you shoulda be a musician . you get the finger . she stroke he hand . pearl ( cont 'd ) Left hand 's the past . you right 's the present . and the future . but it 's not write in stone . it 's write in flesh and blood . and flesh and blood will change . see ? there 's something here , a new line , right across you life line . bone must be my clothes line . no ? how bout my phone line ? pearl no baby . I be serious . cancel that meeting . I get more fruit that need check . come home with I now . bone do not you worry about a thing . this hand 's gonna be stroking the back of you neck tonight . the car pull away , the little boy wave good - bye ... jeremiah ( under he breath ) ' Cause you get all the status . and I get nothing but quo ... this portion of the screenplay be originally page 48 - 49 . it be present out of order to reflect the final film . ext . black cat pool club - night a cop car pull up . out the passenger side come two skinny leg , follow by a bowl ball gut . lupovich ... lupovich ( to the cop in the car ) wait here . and do not touch my fuck sandwich . int . black cat pool club - continuous lupovich make he entrance and belly across the club towards mack . lupovich not you style . be it Eddie ? killing off you customer ? mack I be not kill nobody . ( give a menace glance to stank and weaze ) shall I rack them ? play a game , lupe ? lupovich no time for eightball . I get you tip . he toss a bag of crack rock on the pool table . lupovich ( cont 'd ) confiscate they whole stash . mack hand he a wad of cash . lupovich ( cont 'd ) Fair enough for the shit . but I think a little bonus be due for knock out the competition . mack you be just do you job . lupovich last thing you need 's for I to start do my fuck job . mack hand he another wad of bill . lupovich ( cont 'd ) that 's more like it . cost of do business . maybe you can deduct it on you tax . int . jeremiah be house - night Patrick talk to the other , jeremiah asleep by now . patrick when we get a line of hundred pay guest and another couple hundred inside dance , that 's when I will tell he . and I can not wait to see the look on he face . int . the peet dine room - later around the table , chinese food container . tia 's still sneaking meat to the dog under the table . the tv on in the corner . jeremiah 's topping off he dinner with xantac -- high blood pressure medicine . his normal dyspeptic mood not improve by the conversation the kid be have . patrick and how do you think crack get into the ghetto ? by magic ? who fly it in ? like the man say " we do not own that many plane . " jeremiah increasingly uncomfortable with the subject matter . jeremiah do not poison you mind with that ghetto paranoia . that 's all just way of people justify they own failure . bill dad , the man have be lie to we for a hundred year . I mean , where be my forty acre and a mule ? jeremiah you would not know a mule if it bit you in the ass . and personally , I do not need a mule . I get a Lexus . and nobody give it to I -- tv anchor ( on tv ) there 's a lead tonight in the strange disappearance of that two State College fraternity brother . there car , a 1999 BMW , be find abandon this afternoon in a inner-city neighborhood . on tv we see flash on the news of various street of the hood , include a shot of Bones block and building . this portion of the screenplay be originally page 61 - 64 . it be present out of order to reflect the final film . int . south side saving and loan - day jeremiah swear a paint smile on he face as he shake the just enter lupovich 's hand . they seem , for all the world , like old friend as he lead he back to he office . int . jeremiah office - continuous but the minute they be in he office , jeremiah 's friendly demeanor drop like a mask . jeremiah what the hell do you want ? lupovich just a visit with my old pal , jay-bird . jeremiah do not call I that . lupovich look around the expansive office and paw the photo and knicknack on jeremiah 's desk . lupovich you certainly trade up . ( pick up a wedding picture nearby ) ... the trophy wife . Nice lookin' . jeremiah keep you hand to yourself , willya ? lupovich I be watch you . you do good . invest wisely . respectable businessman now . just like you always want . jeremiah and you ? still a pig . just a much fatter one . lupovich no reason to get nasty . yeah , I have stay in the organization . but then again I never get the percentage you do . jeremiah or you do not know what to do with it . lupovich maybe so . maybe so . but that be not why I come to see you . you sell the building . jeremiah what building ? lupovich do not shit a shitter . we building . what do you call it ? his ' tomb ' ? we have a agreement . you be suppose to sit on it . not sell it -- jeremiah I do not sell it . lupovich well , somebody buy it . that 's what I hear . jeremiah buzze . jeremiah Claire ? could you come in here . a assistant manager , claire , enter . jeremiah ( cont 'd ) do we sell any property on ... blackstone recently ? cla matter of fact , we do . 5606 . jeremiah to who ? cla I only meet with the broker . the structure be list almost worthless and have never even have a bid , I think you would be pleased to see it sell to someone who want to improve the neighborhood . anything wrong ? jeremiah no , of course not . good work . thanks a lot . she leave . lupovich be still hold the picture of jeremiah 's wife . jeremiah ( cont 'd ) you be right . one of my associate sell the building last month . lupovich that 's a bozo no - no . jay-bird . jeremiah look , even if anyone find anything there , it 's twenty year ago . they could never connect it to we . lupovich you better hope not . Cause it 's like they say , four can keep a secret , if three be dead . he put down the photo with a wink . lupovich ( cont 'd ) Nice rack . how old be -- jeremiah that 's it . get out . now ! jeremiah advance on lupovich , who chuckle and walk out . bill hey , that 's ... he 's stop by a kick under the table from Patrick . jeremiah that 's what ? bill that 's some terrible shit . jeremiah clean you mouth , or I will . that boy have no business mess down there . go place you be not mean to be -- that 's what you get . bill but that 's you old hood , pop . jeremiah yeah , and it take some do to get out of there . just be glad I do and you can start life from here instead of down there . patrick but maybe we be the one who should be down there . do something . make it better . jeremiah can not be do . that place already die and go to hell . this portion of the screenplay be originally page 52 - 54 . it be present out of order to reflect the final film . series of angle - a montage Quick cut of the moon , the sun , Bones neighborhood , Patrick and the gang clean up the building . and finally , at dusk ... ext . bone ' build - morning Patrick 's on a ladder replace glass in the upper window . from down the block , we see cinnabar head out of she mother 's house , hold she portfolio . the corner of papers stick out , splashes of color visible . Patrick see cinnabar about to walk beneath he ladder . patrick careful . that 's bad luck . cinnabar that place be already bad luck . patrick why ? cinnabar no . it go way back . or so my momma say . patrick what else do she say ? cinnabar nothing . you would think she be crazy . and she be a lot of thing , not all of they nice , but crazy momma 's not . patrick Way I figure , everything we parent tell we be part true and part total b.s. and we whole job be figure out for ourselves which be which . cinnabar my momma say every house be two house . every street , two street . there 's a whole city , a whole world , kinda beside , on top , just below this one . the city of the dead . patrick like right now , there 's actually like horde of dead people shambling around we ? finger rotting off ? cinnabar maybe . but there 's a invisible wall , a fabric that kinda keep thing separate . patrick lucky thing . cinnabar yeah . but when something bad happen , something really bad -- the wall break . the fabric tear . patrick the dead get out ? cinnabar or the live fall in . who know . patrick and you believe she ? cinnabar if I do , I would not come within fifty yard of you door . she see she bus pull up at the corner and run for it , leave only she smile with Patrick . she pass maurice and Bill , pull up . Bill have to pull maurice 's dog like attention away from the way cinnabar 's bottom move as she walk down the street to focus at the matter at hand : unload they shitload of equipment . this portion of the screenplay contain scene that do not appear or occur elsewhere in the final movie . in order to maintain the integrity of the screenplay , it have not be edit . ext . blackstone - later maurice and Bill carry speaker and rack and light and turntable while shotgun , in he lawn chair across the street , glare at they . after the last equipment be load , they lock the car . shotgun still watch . Bill pull out a six pack of beer . he offer one to shotgun who , after a beat , accept it . maurice surreptitiously turn on he small hi-7 camera . holding it under he arm , but it 's on . maurice you ever hear of Jimmy Bones , sir ? shotgun what business be it of yours ? maurice just wonder . we hear he use to live in we building . shotgun say nothing . bill be it true ? shotgun yeah . he live there . and die there , too . bill die there ? how ? shotgun how the hell should I know ? maurice what be he like ? shotgun Bones ? he be something . he could be cold as ice or warm as blood . but he never turn he back for a brother . his eye drift up to the building . shotgun ( cont 'd ) always there . maurice go in . Bill linger behind . shotgun ( cont 'd ) hey , kid . bill yeah ? shotgun take my advice . get the hell out of there . it 's a bad place . always have be . ext . blackstone ave . - day Bill and maurice walk around interview folk about Bones . Bill with the dat recorder , maurice with the vidcam . we see this through maurice 's shaky video camera : grainy video shot : a old woman . old woman ... and every Tuesday , he would roll by in he car and drive I with all my laundry to the laundromat so I would not have to carry the clothes . -- a dude in a wheel chair . drink outta paperbagge bottle with a wino hang on the corner . wheelchair man Jimmy Bones ? yeah , I know that motherfucker . people make out like he be some kinda damn Robin Hood . bullshit . I see he cut some muhfucker 's tongue once with that razor of he ... drop it right into that jar of dill pickle they use to have on the counter in the bar . wino when I be a kid he use to slip twenty into my pocket so I could buy toy and shit . ( now to maurice / at camera ) Bones be awrright . he be solid . and then one day , he just be not around no more . do not pay to ask too many question ' round here . int . the build - that night upstair , inside what be once Bones ' bedroom . beneath the crack ceiling mirror , Bill lie on the airmattress . he 's listen with headphone to a minidisk player . eye close , head nodd to the beat . around he , we see something strange . the room shift . it 's the same room . but change . it look like it do when the frat boy be trap in here . or in the instant after Jimmy 's death : all surface seem to be a swirl , shifting pattern in which we can dimly make out face , as if people be trap on the surface of thing . then the face and body begin to step out of they surface and into the room . so as Bill , eye still close , rock to the hypnotic beat in he headphone , we see the room around he begin to fill with figure . -- all twisted dead human form emerge out of the surface of floor and wall . we hear a low murmur of ghost voice , different language . and as the track end , the sound cut through Bill 's headphone and he eye snap open . but the room be empty . and completely normal . Bill pull off he head phone . ear strain to listen . bill tia ? Patrick ? that you ? the sound return , fainter , and form above . Bill look up , and for a fraction of a second in the mirror , Bill see the crowded eerie hell of the other version of the room . Bill jolt out of bed and to the door , whip it open , and someone dark loom right there . but it 's just Patrick . bill ( cont 'd ) shit . patrick spook ? Bill look back into the room , normal now . glance up at the mirror , just a crack reflection of the empty room . bill no . well , yeah . maybe just a little . patrick yeah , there be a strange vibe here . he stop . both brother look at each other , wait for the other to admit he 's see or feel something 's here . bill where 's the other ? patrick maurice leave . tia 's take a bath . int . bathroom - continuous the bathroom be entirely wood line , like some ' 70 's hot tub paradise . the room dominate by a large two person tub . tia light four small scent candle on the counter . the wind through the open window blow the curtain . she shut the window and then step gingerly into the steaming bathtub . she lie down in the bath , with she back to the door . the four candle throw vary shadow of she . then one of the shadow become ... the shadow of Bones . all it 's attention be focus on one light candle . the one close to the curtain . slowly the Bones ' shadow 's finger start to caress the curtain to make it move , ever so slowly , closer and closer to the candle . the drapery reach out , strain , strain towards the candle flame . tia soak with she eye close , enjoy the moist heat . Bones ' shadow finger more and more urgently draw the flame towards the curtain , the curtain towards the flame . and soon the corner of the drape just reach the little flicker flame . and in a instant the drape be on fire . int . hallway - continuous Patrick and Bill still talk in front of the bedroom , down the hall from the bathroom . patrick ...we just be in the damn suburb too long . they conversation interrupt by scream from down the hall ... from the bathroom ! int . bathroom - continuous the drape be fully ablaze now , flame lick at the wooden wall . tia leap out of the tub , scream , try to throw bathwater at the burn drape . Patrick and Bill crash through the door . Patrick rip the drape from the wall and throw they into the bathtub . int . live room - later tia shiver in she bathrobe . Bill and Patrick with she . tia there be not any draft . that window be close . patrick we be all tired . everybody make mistake . tomorrow in the daylight , everything 's gonna look different . int . build - day ladder , drop-cloth and the beginning of new paint on the old tear wall . they be all eat take out burger . patrick I think you be bring the Colonel ? maurice the gangster of Love do not eat no fry chicken . patrick why not ? he eat everything else . maurice just what army do you think the Colonel be in ? ( whistle Dixie ) everybody know the whole chicken distribution network be own by the klan . " special recipe " . I be tell you . there 's something in the batter . say it make a black man sterile . bill and tia bull . shit . maurice Word . I see it on sixty Minutes . patrick maurice , even if it be true , what be you worried about ? last time I check , you be not black . I be not sure what the hell you be . but I know you be not a black man . maurice I be the future . I be all color . all race . all creed . I be the melting pot . I be the toss salad . I be post racial . patrick post-toast 's more like it . this portion of the screenplay be originally page 44 - 46 . it be present out of order to reflect the final film . ext . south side - continuous outside , angle on Bones ' building down the block . closer to the building - we can hear sound come from inside the house . like dim drum , some kind of rhythm . int . suburban kitchen - continuous where the dog eat and eat ... ext . bone ' build - continuous even closer . the sound be a little louder , a little more disturbing . int . kitchen - continuous where the dog eat and eat . ext . bone ' build - continuous stand now right in front of it we hear a rhythmic cacophony from inside , grow louder as the dog eat and we : int . bone ' build - continuous the sound be deafen . it 's the sound of every door in the empty house swinging maniacally on its hinge . beating the air like wing . open and slamm shut again and again . every door except one door . the padlock door to the sub basement . ext . pearle storefront - continuous some older folk , one very old man with a cane , two old black woman , arm link . a middle - age husband and wife . all enter . int . pearle parlor - continuous dim light . Cloth cover table . everything set for a seance . pearl welcome , brother . welcome , sister . make yourselves comfortable around the circle . we will begin in a minute . she walk upstairs to cinnabar 's room . int . cinnabar' room - continuous she enter the room where cinnabar be draw a still - life assignment by a window overlook the fire-escape . pearl be not you go to join we ? cinnabar I have to finish this for class . pearl you get a vision , girl . just like I get . just like my momma have . and the good Lord do not give you that vision just for painting pretty picture . that 's just waste time . cinnabar you mean as oppose to you life ? she regret it halfway out she mouth . and a thousand - fold more when she see the look on she mother 's face . cinnabar ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , momma . maybe next time . pearl I do not want you meeting around that house . you stay away from that kid . and away from that dog . cinnabar they seem alright . bring a little life to that old building . pearl nothing but a wide world o' pain lock in there . cinnabar have you ever be inside ? pearl maybe once upon a time . but that be long ago . back before ... before it become what it be . cinnabar and what 's that ? pearl just a bad place . and the doorway to worse . cinnabar , as far too often , not understanding much of what she mother say to she . this portion of the screenplay contain scene that do not appear or occur elsewhere in the final movie . in order to maintain the integrity of the screenplay , it have not be edit . int . pearle storefront - night Pearl reach into a old bureau drawer and pull out a old photo : Jimmy Bones with he arm around she . she sit down at she table with a drink and just look at the picture of herself and she lover when the world be innocent and young . she downs she glass and wipe she tear away . outside - down the block in the upper window of the Bones Building we see he silhouette , stare down the block towards Pearl . int . jeremiah kitchen - continuous Bones the dog slink into the kitchen . sniff the air . still hungry . always hungry . his big black paw actually open the refrigerator . with he long nose he dig into the meat drawer . Inside he find plastic wrap raw hamburger meat . he pull it out and drop it on the floor . tear it open and gorge himself on the raw meat . ext . bone ' build - continuous the house loom malevolently in the moonlight . int . bone ' build - continuous Bones ' Pov again in he rusted elevator cage . the Pov float down through the house into the basement . basement Bones ' Pov look at the padlock door . then pass right through it . int . sub - basement - continuous in the deeper darkness of the dirt cellar we see the Bones shadow hover over a slight mound in the dirt . int . jeremiah kitchen - continuous the black dog wolf down the last of the hamburger meat . int . sub - basement - continuous and as he do , the ground seem almost to breathe , or glow . Bones plunge he long shadow - hand right into the earth as if he could touch what be beneath and raise it up . he remain like that , shadow hand bury in the dirt , head tilting back and howling . ext . out on the STREET - continuous shotgun up in he window , still , hold he gun . hear the howling . he look around , expect to see he nemesis , the black dog . but only darkness . ext . jeremiah gate community - night jeremiah 's mansion stand in the moonlight . its faux gerogian splendor in stark contrast to Bones ' building in the old neighborhood . int . peet house - continuous the house be dark and quiet . all be asleep . the dog move silently through the house sniff at door . int . master bedroom - continuous the dog silently nose the door open and stealthily enter and pad softly over to jeremiah 's side of the bed . where it stare intently at the sleep jeremiah , who begin to toss and turn . he settles again on he back . his head tilt back , he soft , vulnerable throat expose . the dog step closer to the bed . we can almost feel the dog 's hot fetid breath inch away from he throat . the dog stare at jeremiah . and for just a second the long doggy face waver and change : in shifting shade of black , a rag red demonic face ripple beneath the black fur -- and look for a instant as if it be about to lunge and rip out jeremiah 's throat ! but at the last second it freeze . head cock and ear lift as if hearing something in the wind . its master 's voice , perhaps . and then the dog revert to normal and pad out of the room as silently as it enter . this portion of the screenplay be originally page 60 - 62 . it be present out of order to reflect the final film . this portion of the screenplay contain scene that do not appear or occur elsewhere in the final movie . in order to maintain the integrity of the screenplay , it have not be edit . ext . bone ' build - continuous cinnabar stop outside the building . she 's about to knock when she instinctively freeze . we can almost see the hair stand up on she neck one by one . she look around -- what be it ? a sound , like a moan . be it she name ? or just the wind . suddenly , with a creak , the door swing open . she take a hesitant step into the building . suddenly she jump , as a door to she leave fly open . it 's just Patrick . she laugh in relief . cinnabar just think I would see if you need any help . Patrick too surprised and tongue-ty to respond , so tia help he out . tia good . we do need help . first you can help we eat lunch . cinnabar follow Patrick into the room , with a last tense look over she shoulder -- still the feel something 's there . int . bone ' build - continuous tia 's feed the insatiable dog . handing quarter - pounder to it , the thing scarfing them as fast as she can unwrap they . then , for a second , it stop . and look up . and just stare at something it know be there -- but we human can not see . tia watcha look at , poochie ? cinnabar follow the dog 's glance . she see nothing ... or be there something for a second there in the corner ? reverse - bone - vision Pov be stare back at she , and at the dog . cinnabar pull she sweater around she shoulder . cinnabar I hate it when dog do that . like they be look right out of the world . the dog continue scarfing down burger , have he he way . cinnabar look warily at the beast . who stare right back at she while wolfing down the burger . bone -vision / Pov step through the rusted metal into the old elevator shaft and we follow it as it float down . int . sub - basement - continuous as the dog above eat we again see Bones ' shadow form loom over the see dirt , the dirt move ever so subtly , and for a subliminal second the dirt seem to be glow . int . the build - later they be all painting . maurice spin some tune to accompany they . it 's a funky Tom sawyer paint party . the kid defer to cinnabar , who 's get a wild pallette , and a wild brush . the place be come alive with color . this portion of the screenplay be originally page 65 - 72 . it be present out of order to reflect the final film . this portion of the screenplay contain scene that do not appear or occur elsewhere in the final movie . in order to maintain the integrity of the screenplay , it have not be edit . int . bone ' build - later that day in Bones ' old room , Patrick roll over the fade stain old shag carpet with a huge carpet cleaner . angle on the transparent tube of the cleaner fill with disgusting red fluid and carpet fiber . time CUT to : Patrick stand back and survey he work . the carpet look perfect . Old , a little fade , but clean . no stain . with a smile of satisfaction he roll the cleaner out of the room and close the door behind he . we remain in the room . angle on the now clean carpet . suddenly we see glutinous red liquid seeping back up through the shag , until the stain be right where it be . wet and fresh . then we see it spread and move , in the shape of a body and the path by which it be drag out of the room . the door open again , and Patrick step in to show off the freshly paint room clean rug to cinnabar and the other . he 's bring up short by the sight of the stain . patrick must be something seeping through . from the floor . they roll the carpet back , think there must be something on the floor . the floor beneath the carpet be wet too , but can not tell if it 's from the rug or vice-versa . he put he hand down on the wood . a low rhythmic rumbling . patrick ( cont 'd ) do you feel that ? the other place they hand on the floor . tia yeah . it 's . throb . bill like a heartbeat . maurice " like a heartbeat / like a love beat . " listen to the Di franco twin there . just the plumbing or something , fool . patrick maybe there 's a pipe underneath the floor . it leak and stain . they just look at he . patrick ( cont 'd ) you get a better explanation int . basement - later Patrick and the other in the basement listen to some very strange sound : groan , thump , throbs . maurice sound like we get the invisible scratch piklz hide in we pipe . Patrick trace the piping with the wrench , he come to a triple corner , where three small pipe all come together . patrick I think this bring the water down from the bathroom . into this ... a larger pipe that go down the wall and disappear beneath the floor . the thumping sound emanate from here . he put he finger along the seam of the joint . he pull it away , red . patrick ( cont 'd ) check it out . the same shit that be in the carpet . told you it be from the plumbing . he lift the wrench to tighten the seal . the metal groan . then snap . send a thick spray of foul smell red sludge shoot out of the seam , right into Patrick 's face . patrick ( cont 'd ) damn , I know this pipe be wack . he turn the wrench the other way , re-tighten . the sound seem to move now through the piping . then the red sludge spray out of the next three joint , smear the other . the pound , throbbing sound begin to bounce around the room , as if something be actually move through the pipe until it return to the central large pipe and move down , disappear beneath they foot . then a rasp bark call they attention . Bones the dog sit by the padlock door , panting . grinning . Patrick smashes the old lock with the large wrench and open the door to reveal another set of stair lead down into a deeper storm cellar where the sound disappear . int . STORM cellar stair - continuous as they go , the temperature drop . a cold , damp sheen appear on they skin . then come a thick glutinous buzzing sound . tia what be that ? fly . the stairway wall be thick with furry black fly . maurice ( stop ) ugh . muchos moscos , man . this be too much . bill just some fly . maurice some fly ? I think this qualify as way more than " some . " cinnabar what a smell . maurice hey , what you expect ? where there 's smoke there 's fire . and where there 's fly , there 's shit . the stair end in a dark , damp dirt cellar and the remnant of the terminus of the old elevator shaft . maurice ( cont 'd ) oh yeah , I guess this would be that space that be so perfect for a recording studio . bill maurice , man , shut the fuck up . patrick yeah , well , maurice be right . it 's gonna take more work than I think . but we can still do it . we will lay a real floor in here . put damp on the wall . totally control sound . be perfect . no one could hear shit up on the street . behind they the dog be digging in the dirt . furiously . maurice yeah , perfect . really excellent . we can make we first record where no one can hear we scream . be afraid . they be not pay any attention to the dog 's incessant digging . only cinnabar be . she 's stare at it . cinnabar oh god ... and she see , in the deepen muddy hole at the dog 's paw , at first glimpsis and then the full view , a rotted human corpse . really just a skeleton . with something stick out of its chest . cinnabar shriek , while the guy try very hard to act real cool . bill hello . who be you ? maurice bend and pull out the now blood rusted razor . maurice boy and girl , mom and dad . Children of all age , I would like you to meet ... Jimmy Bones . bill what the hell you talk about ? maurice ( sing ) " this be the story of Jimmy Bones / Black as night and hard as stone / gold plate deuce , like the King of siam / get he switchblade loose , and a diamond on he hand ... " there 's the switchblade and there 's the diamond . do not know where the deuce be park . he point to one of the bony hand . the leave one . on the third finger be Jimmy 's big diamond ring . bill you think that 's really he ? maurice damn . it 's so ... fresh . and he 's right . oddly for a old skeleton , there be strand and band of wet , raw flesh . maurice lift the hand wear the ring . he start top pull it loose from the finger . tia Boy , put that thing down . you can not take that . might be evidence . patrick evidence of what ? tia somehow I do not think he stab himself in the chest , then bury himself too . cinnabar see something . Bright color beneath the body . bend down to a piece of cloth poke out from beneath the bone . the dog growl viciously as she reach down to the scrap of color poke up . tia restrain the hound the best she can . patrick get you damn dog , girl ! the cloth be the corner of a dress ... the dog suddenly lunge for cinnabar 's hand , rip at they . she pull back . patrick ( cont 'd ) shit ! damn dog . we gonna have to do something about you . tia what we have to do be call the police . maurice right . call the police . we will have no problem get we permit then . tia we can not just leave it here . patrick yeah , we can . least till after this weekend . he be not go nowhere . we will deal with it then . bill whatever , let 's just get the hellout of here . they all start to leave except maurice and cinnabar . he 's loitering by the body , eyeing the ring . she 's stare into the dark corner of the sub-basement . her Pov in the dim light she see something waver , a shadow - mirage , Bones . patrick ( o.s. ) cinn ? cinnabar what ? oh yeah . come . she follow the other upstairs . Bones watch she form as she climb the step , and -- -- for a second from bone Pov we see she mother , when she be young . Bones look now at maurice . who check to see if the other be go . then maurice hurriedly bend down , and while hold he face back away from the stench attempt to pull Bones ' ring off he finger . but it 's stick . he tug again , harder , and rip the corpse 's finger off . maurice oh fuck . oh fuck be right . Bones ' shadow rear as it see this desecration . maurice slip the ring off the finger stump . maurice ( cont 'd ) ( to the corpse ) sorry , but you wont ' be need this . he place the finger back by the hand . and pocket the ring . maurice ( cont 'd ) or this . int . build kitchen - later that night tia fill a bowl with dry dog food . but Bones the dog turn he head away and just whimper . tia picky mutt . she pull out a package of raw hamburger , dump it into the bowl , then leave . behind she , the dog tuck into he chow . int . the STORM cellar grave - continuous the lock break , the door stand ajar . and as the dog gorge upstairs , something very strange be happen down here . flesh be grow on the bone . bit by bit , red , wet strip of muscle and flesh appear and spread over the corpse . the shadow look down at he semi-reconstituted corpse . it almost look like he , minus the skin . but it still have a long way to go . still , mere strip of muscle and flesh on the skeleton . this portion of the screenplay contain scene that do not appear or occur elsewhere in the final movie . in order to maintain the integrity of the screenplay , it have not be edit . ext . pearle storefront - night her usual small crowd arrive for she seance , all hope this will be the night they reach they love one ' spirit . from outside , through the window , we see Pearl greet and seat each of they around the table . she start lighting candle . int . bone ' pad - night Patrick and cinnabar sip a little remy in he room . alone at last . awkward . intimate . he refill she glass . cinnabar she do not want I here . with you . in this house . patrick believe I , my old man' rupture he spleen if he know we be down here . all he talk about be the medal he deserve for building we a life as far from this ' hood as possible . cinnabar he probably think he 's save you from something . I be sure that 's what my mother think . patrick I be sure I can make you mother like I . but then do I gotta worry ' bout you father ? suddenly they banter be dead . her face look stung , like he would slap she . cinnabar I do not know anything about my father . I never meet he . momma will not talk about he , either . he put he arm around she , and she melt into he . int . pearle storefront - night Pearl and the other seat in the dim room around a circular table . they be hold hand . only candle light . pearl we should begin with a hymn . int . bone ' build - night - upstair in Bones ' old room , the temperature between cinn and Patrick go from pg to R. the two kiss passionately , deeply -- cinnabar lose herself for a long beat -- then as if swim up from the bottom of a deep pool , she pull herself back . cinnabar I can not . not yet . patrick it 's alright . if you want to go home ... cinnabar no , I want to stay with you guy . but I can not . I mean I be not ready . patrick do not worry about it . I will stay with the boy . ext . pearle storefront - night from outside , through the open window , we can hear the strain of sing come from she window . int . pearle parlor - continuous we float around the member of Pearl 's circle . see object on the table flicker in the candlelight . pearl the spirit world be all around we right this minute . and the depart be press in around we . still sing , they all glance about they in darkness as if they can make out the spirit around they . over the low bass of they hymn-singing , she voice cut in . uncoil and rise like smoke in the air : it 's a beautiful voice and it do seem to open a window in the air . int . bone ' room - continuous cinnabar get into bed and turn off the light . pitch dark in there , can not see a thing . as she 's drift off to dreamland , she hear what sound like the door quietly open and someone slip into the darkness of the room , we just stay on she face . it 's cold in the place . and spooky . so she do not mind when she feel what she assume be Patrick slip in bed beside she . though we see only a shape slide under the cover . cinnabar ( half - asleep ) it 's okay , just do not get funny on I . it 's warmer this way . int . pearle parlor - continuous suddenly , the curtain fly open . and Pearl 's voice suddenly stop ... and the flame on the candle shoot up , scorching the ceiling before return to normal . pearl someone 's with we . who 's join the circle ? old man lordy ... what 's that smell ? old woman look . the flower . the flower whither . they retch from some smell . pearl knock once for yes . and twice for no . be there someone who wish to send a message ? table rock once . pearl ( cont 'd ) a message for one of we in the circle ? table rock once . pearl ( cont 'd ) be it for miss lillian ? table rock twice -- " no . " pearl ( cont 'd ) be it a message for Mr. abernathy ? table rock twice -- " no " again . she go around the room , inquire for each of they . each time the table say " no . " until there be only she leave . a eerie pause . pearl ( cont 'd ) be the message for I ? the table start buck wildly . and suddenly Pearl 's neck snap back like it 's be catch in a whip . her mouth open and a low moan escape . but sound nothing like she voice . a deep wind through a organ tube with swarm bee and squealing hog mix in . everyone around the table just stare at she in alarm . as she eye widen . go super close on she eye and we see a reflection in she pupil , not of the room she be in , but the Jimmy 's building twenty year ago . int . bone ' build - past / present intercut with she face back in the seance stare wide mouth in she trance . the sound of she heart pound like the deep dub track . total dislocation for she as she see Jimmy 's old room , as it be -- but also see it as it be now , and with she daughter , cinnabar , lie underneath the cover of the big , round bed . and lie close beside she , another figure beneath the cover . whoever be there snuggle closer to cinnabar . she respond as he press against she , then wake up . cinnabar ( laugh low ) cut it out . but he do not . the movement beside she be undulant . strong , erotic , she almost give into it . and still laugh as she say : cinnabar ( cont 'd ) no , no Patrick . stop. the figure in the bed press urgently against she , in a rock movement which catch she up in it . she can not help it , she begin to respond to the urging behind she . Pearl 's eye widen as the whole room shift and become one fetid necropoliptic texture . the bed retain its shape but liquefy , seem to become one with the floor and the wall , all make of a kind of thick , bloody - mud in which the trap face and distort limb of the dead twist and moan . meanwhile , on that strange bed , the figure behind cinnabar seem to wrap soft limb around she , lock she in embrace . cinnabar ( cont 'd ) cut it out . but it do not cut out . it build . strong. erotic . insistent . she almost give in to it . cinnabar ( cont 'd ) no , no Patrick . stop. but the movement be more insistent . and rougher . she start to protest louder when she feel a hand , or something , steal across she mouth to muffle she objection . Pearl tire to reach across she vision to grab she daughter and help she , but she can not . int . pearle parlor - continuous back at the seance , Pearl 's back be arched like a bass fiddle string bow , and then drop . released . back in she chair . the instant she 's return to herself she 's out of she chair and out the door . int . bone ' pad - continuous cinnabar struggle with something in the bed , the cover pull tight against she face , she can not scream . she twist and wrench herself about , finally strike behind she with a flail fist , twist she face free and scream : cinnabar Patrick ! stop !! across the room the door suddenly open -- it 's Patrick . patrick what 's wrong ? angle - at patrick feet the black silhouette of the dog slip out the door . patrick ( cont 'd ) be you alright ? cinnabar look wildly around the room -- she 's alone in the big bed . no one attack she . and she see Patrick in the doorway . but then who - or what - be in the bed ? suddenly , she mother yell from below . pearl ( o.s. ) cinnabar !!! cinnabar lurch out of the bed over to the window . down below , she mother 's go nut at the entrance , pound on the door and practically run over Bill who 's open the door . pearl ( cont 'd ) outta my way , boy . cinnabar ? I be come ! bill why do not you hang on and I will see if she 's here . pearl I know damn well she 's there . int . bone ' build - continuous cinnabar race down the stair with Patrick , bewilder at she heel . cinnabar run out the door and straight into she mother 's arm , bury she face in the protective bosom of she mom . Pearl wrap she frighten daughter in she arm and turn she to home . Pearl look up at the boy stand stunne in the doorway . pearl you might as well just dig down six foot of muddy earth and sleep in you own grave than stay another night in that house . she turn back towards she place , still hold the sobbing cinnabar . Bill and Patrick stand stunne in the doorway . bill you sure get a way with woman , bro . what happen up there ? patrick damned if I know . ext . blackstone - day up on a ladder , the boy put on the finish touch and then hang a new neon sign over the door . look pretty cool . tia yes ! we be in business . int . jeremiah be car - late afternoon head south on Lake shore drive , a tensely smile Patrick in the front seat with jeremiah . jeremiah where be we go ? you know I hate surprise . patrick a little business move I make . on my own . I think you be gonna approve . ext . car - continuous head off the main road into the ghetto . but as they head further and further south , jeremiah 's get uneasy . jeremiah what be we do down here ? patrick like you always say , pop , look for the undervalue . now they be on the old street . as they drive down the street , jeremiah 's get more and more agitate . ext . blackstone - continuous they park and get out . he look up and down the street , oddly frighten . patrick I bet you do not even know you bank own the place . I do it through a broker so you would not know it be I . I could not wait to see you face when I fix it up . it 's the building . freshly paint , with the neon sign . but jeremiah 's face show nothing like what Patrick expect . nothing but a horrify , angry disgust . jeremiah be this some kind of sick joke ? jeremiah 's so angry he almost smack Patrick . jeremiah ( cont 'd ) listen to I , boy . I do not work all my life to get out of this neighborhood for you to move right back in ! patrick I think you would be psyched . just try to do what you do . take nothing and make something out of it . jeremiah no one will ever come here . shut it down . do not worry , the bank will buy it back . I will take care of it . patrick you will take care of it ? not this time . no way . I buy it fair and square . and we open tonight . jeremiah bullshit ! bullshit !! you be sell it back ! that 's a order ! jeremiah be furious out of all proportion . some of the other on the block have stick they nose out to see what the fuss be . then jeremiah come eye to eye with Pearl , stand across the street , watch , worried out of she mind . then he look up and see shotgun in the window . feeling trap , humiliate . he want out of this street . out of that glance . jeremiah ( cont 'd ) you all be come back to the house , now ! nobody move . jeremiah walk back to he car and pull away . Patrick , freeze , turn to stone by rage and hurt and shame . another car pull up . several young people inside . they look around a little dubiously . clubber man , I think we be lose . you guy know where illibent be ? they all look at each other . Silent . until maurice answer by flipping a switch ignite the neon sign for the first time . illibent shine in brilliant blue gas letter . this portion of the screenplay contain scene that do not appear or occur elsewhere in the final movie . in order to maintain the integrity of the screenplay , it have not be edit . down the block - later the deuce and a quarter stop in front of a storefront . a young nefertiti in platform and dashiki pick fresh fruit and vegetable from the small grocery . pearl vaughn . bone pull over . I will walk the rest . Pearl 's pick ripe fruit . Jimmy step in , catch she hand , and the melon in they , in he hand . bone ( cont 'd ) naw , all wrong . first , start at the belly button . he stroke he thumb over the end of the cantaloupe , lean in to she . bone ( cont 'd ) gotta be a in -ey and gotta be smooth . if it 's rag , it be pick too soon . wo not ever be ripe . second , it 's get to have just a little give , here . ( he hand on she hip ) at the edge . and last , but not very far from least ... ( now only a breath apart ) you gotta get you nose in it and give it a gooooood , looooo sniff . pearl I do not know whether to chill you and serve with cottage cheese , or rip you open and eat you right here . she choose the latter , they kiss . ext . STREET - time CUT Jimmy 's walk Pearl home ; a apartment above the storefront of she mother 's fortune tell business . bone listen , baby , I gotta tcb this evening . so come over ' bout eight . we should be finish by then . ext . bone ' build - later Jimmy arrive home to be greet on the step of he building by soul shake and black hand fives from the corner boy hang out front . int . bone ' build - continuous follow Bones into the lobby with people wait to see he for favor , etc . room on either side , door open allow we to glimpse he crew , take order over the phone . a old fashioned metal cage elevator , with a equally old fashioned operator wait to take Mr. Jimmy up to he pad . we ride up with he , the king in he castle . int . bone ' pad - continuous the elevator let he out in he main room . a '70 's love pit . mirrore ceiling , circular bed . thick shag carpete . Jimmy nod at shotgun , who lower the needle into classic vinyl groove of some prime funkadelic ( " nappy dug-out " ) . Jimmy splashes cologne on he face and look contentedly out the window at all he people , at he kingdom below ... ext . bone ' build - later - day the cop we see with jeremiah , lupovich , and the wannabe player eddie mack ( wear a old superfly suit , and sleek black drive glove ) pull up in front of the old stone building . int . bone ' pad - continuous shotgun mix drink at the bar and hand they to the just arrive guest , jeremiah , Officer lupovich - look stiff in plain clothes - and Eddie mack in he purple suit . jeremiah hey Jimmy , you know Eddie mack , do not you ? bone we meet . mack yeah , we use to do the after-school b ball at kenwood . what it be ? bone what it will be . jeremiah and Officer lupovich . Bones say nothing . just nod at the cop . mack you get a nice crib here . bone I do alright . everybody 's happy . mack but thing change . you gotta think ahead . lupovich they get lottery all over now , bonesy . come here too , maybe next year . Bones ' look sez : bitch , do not call I that again . jeremiah half we old customer be gonna be get they people to cross state line to pick up lotto ticket . mack besides , there 's more money to be make in the gin than the juice . what do anybody want with number anyway ? bone what else ? money . mack it be not the money - it 's the high . the big fat float ' what if ? ' and it 's way more profitable . nobody ever win . so you never have to pay out . bone but a two dollar bet be cheaper than a twenty - dollar bag . mack yeah , but I be not talk horse . I be talk about a five - dollar kick in the head that 's a quick ticket to heaven . and the fool keep come back for more . bone that ' fool ' be my people . mack ai not no big thang . it 's just a po ' man 's free base . here , check it out . Eddie pull a little rock of crack out . Jimmy take it in he hand and sniff it . then shrug and hand it back . bone I be not interested . and if you gonna sell it , do not sell it round here . mack just try it . bone I say , no thanks . mack go on . it will not kill you . shotgun back off , huggybear ... mack it 's like this , Jimmy . there 's a wave come . a big ass krakatoa , East of Java wave . and either you gonna be on top of the wave up there in chocolate heaven , or you gonna be bury ' neath the muddy undertow . bone that 's cool . totally wide -screen sci-fi. forward think . I respect that . but that be not my life . I be here and now . comfortable as a bed bug on a cold night in a warm nappy dugout . I be maintain . that 's what it 's about for I . and you twelve and a half - minute be up . Jimmy just walk away from he . meeting over . Eddie and lupovich and jeremiah all look at each other , frustrated . mack Fine . let 's go , loopy - Lou . Jimmy be not into it . gonna skip the money train and take the bus . his loss . lupovich turn but then spin back around with a .45 in he hand and it 's point at Jimmy 's forehead . jeremiah do not expect this - or do he ? jeremiah everybody just be cool . Jimmy , man , I think you oughtta hear the deal . bone I do not need to hear the deal . I do not need any partner . I do not need new product . and I sure as hell do not need this motherfucker 's ' mattie in my face . mack just try it , Jimmy . that 's all ... he hand he the rock . and a little pipe . lupovich you hear the man . try it . Bones keep he eye on he as he light the lighter and take a deep puff . then let out a deep cloud of smoke . his eye go a bit glaze . and from he Pov we see the room start to tilt on its axis as everything go wobbly . just then , the door open and Pearl step in , distracting lupovich for a instant . in one eternal crack fuel fast - and - slo - mo second : Jimmy see he chance , he pull he razor , but too slow -- lupovich turn , the razor no more than lightly slice he arm , and he pull the trigger on Jimmy Bones ... pump three shot into Jimmy 's abdomen , knock he to the ground . shotgun grab he gun , but too late . he 's cover . mack ai not worth it , blood . just drop it . and kick it here . Pearl in scream shock . her lover bleed on the carpet . lupovich tell she to stop scream . Bones be bleed , and still trip bad . lupovich ( cont 'd ) I say stop that bitch scream or I will spread she like butter . shotgun gently put he hand on Pearl 's mouth to quiet she . back in bone ' fucked - up Pov : look down he see he own blood pour out , a thick divine river of many color . look up , they all stand waver above he , hungry demon , they voice distorting . lupovich ( cont 'd ) get he razor . I be not gonna be the only one with this nigger 's blood on my hand . mack pluck bone 's silver razor right out of he hand . lupovich ( cont 'd ) take the glove off . everybody leave a print . we hang out together . or we hang separately . cut he . and cut he good . Eddie pull he glove off and enjoy himself as he shove the razor into Jimmy . mack what it be ? what it will be , muthafucka . lupovich now you . jeremiah no way man ... lupovich you cut he , or I shoot you . make you choice . jeremiah get down near Bones . Bones stare right into he eye , as he life blood pour freely , weakly lift he arm to he best friend 's face . bone jay bird ... help I ... like brother . jeremiah feel lupovich 's gun behind he head . hear it cocked . jeremiah sorry , my brother . bone since we be just grasshopper ... jeremiah you always tell I , it 's a dog eat dog world . and he thrust Bones ' razor right between the rib . Bones ' eye tighten , but never lose they lock on jeremiah 's eye . his mouth move as if he 's try to speak . instead , he spit a bog of blood right into jeremiah 's face . a shake jeremiah hand the bloody razor to shotgun . jeremiah ( cont 'd ) just do it . he will not even feel it . Bones ' eye bore into shotgun 's . shotgun hesitates . eyeing he gun on the floor , feel the one on the back of he neck -- calculate he chance . then shotgun slice he . Bones flinch , he definitely still feel it . shotgun hand the razor back to Eddie . lupovich now you , girlie . pearl I will not . lupovich same deal all around . or die with he . she take the razor and slowly kneel beside she die lover . her hand tremble . there 's no way she can do it . lupovich bring the gun to the back of she head . pearl I can not . I will not . go ahead . shoot I . I will be better off . Bones reach one hand round the back of she neck , weakly storking she there ... and with he other hand , Bones take she wrist and pull she hand towards he , bury he razor in he heart . his eye roll back and he hand fall away and he 's go . she drop she hand from the razor which remain stick out of he chest , a river of blood pour from around it . bone Pov as he spirit rise and rise , up to the ceiling , look down on they as they stand watch he body bleed to death . Pearl just stand there completely cover in he blood . then in a frantic daze tear she dress off . jeremiah gently take she bloody dress . from above , Bones can hear they speak below , but it 's as if they be speak far away . jeremiah too risky to take he outside . take he down to the storm cellar and bury he . and get rid of this too . ( toss Pearl 's bloody dress ) let this whole damn building be he tomb . shotgun and lupovich drag Bones ' body out of the room , leave behind a deep wet blood stain in the shag carpet . bone Pov as he stare down in horror at all this . above he , it seem he can see right through the ceiling to the night sky , and a swirl light open above he head . now he Pov be float upward towards the light , but then he look back down stare down at the sight of he body in a deep puddle of blood , and he murderer remove he woman 's dress cover with be blood . as he see this , he ( and ours ) Pov change , become darker , yet clearer ; too sharp , razor sharp as some softness , perhaps life itself , drain out of it . Bones see he best friend jeremiah and lupovich together drag he body out the door , leave a thick wet stain behind he . we can hear Jimmy 's last wail of rage twist and distort in the air , become another deeper voice within the voice ... and then he ( and we ) plunge back down to the ground , right to the dark , wet stain in the carpet ... hit it and go down through a instant 's glimpse into the black sea beneath the foundation of the world : necropolis . where space itself seem to be make of pale bloat , gnaw , writhe thing . body perpetually devour themselves and each other . we see through this dog-eat - dog nightmare , back out through the blood stain as through a key hole slowly close . this portion of the screenplay contain scene that do not appear or occur elsewhere in the final movie . in order to maintain the integrity of the screenplay , it have not be edit . ext . club - later a line out front . patrick be cool . everybody 's gonna get in . Patrick alternate between tend the crowd and throw anxious glance down the block towards cinnabar 's home . torn between exhilaration at see he dream come true and disappointment that cinnabar 's not there to share it . people chomping to get in . across the street shotgun watch with dismay . Patrick hear voice down the street . look up to see cinnabar walk towards the club . his smile freeze when he see Pearl right behind she . try to stop cinn . pearl ... I have see thing . in there . last night . you do too . do not tell I you do not . you be cry like a baby . cinnabar you say the vision , the image . they be just that . just picture . they can not hurt you . that 's what you always say . pearl I lie . cinnabar all the more reason I should be here . pearl please . it 's for you own good . cinnabar you say bad thing hurt place . so maybe good thing heal they . good thing be happen here . maybe for the first time ever . and maybe that 's all it take . Pearl see she can not stop cinn . any more than she mother could have stop Pearl when she be she age . pearl I hope so , child . I really hope so . she can only watch as cinnabar give Patrick a big hug and follow he and the rest of the crowd into the club . int . the build / club - continuous the place be unfinish . but all the cooler for it . the bar be crude . cheap beer and jug wine . but the crowd do not mind . the place be alive . the boy be on fire . a pack floor of dancer move as sound and image break beat , and maurice 's voice erupt in deep dub reverb . maurice the gangsta of love be in the house . Hit the reverb and it echoe . echo ( o.s. ) in the house ...house ... house ... on screen throughout the house , the video interview the guy do and mix like audio sample with old blaxploitation clip and other video oddity the boy come up with . maurice Ill Bill be in the house ... house ... house ... house . and over maurice 's gothic drum and bass , Bill start turntabling some seriously dark funk . intercut with the black dog come ominously down the third floor stair . maurice ( cont 'd ) Jimmy Bones be in the house ... house ... house ... this be the story of Jimmy Bones . Black as night and hard as stone . the dog now on the second floor stair . bill ... Bones ol ' Bones so mean and bad , whupped he mamma , shot he dad . maurice saw Bones ol ' Bones on top of the hill . Rolling fat jay outta hundred dollar bill . tia ... Lord he never work a day and he never will ... Bill build , let the record spin , then pop the kill button . the tune fade in a distort way as he start / stop / start / stop it , force the sound backwards and forward ... ... as maurice twiddle dial and distort it all further -- it 's spooky , but way funky . new angle - the black dog be now in the house too . walk through the throbbing crowd , make a path right through they , most of the dancer pay it no mind , it 's just another part of the trippy scene . or do they even see it ? we can not tell . closer angle - on the dog and it 's single - minded concentration . stare straight ahead as it move through the crowd towards maurice , who for a second , notice the dog come but make nothing of it . reverse - the dog's Pov what it 's stare at . Bones ' old ring on maurice 's finger . new angle - maurice' Pov when he look back , he see not a dog , but a beautiful black woman , a Dark Lady , who only have eye for he . Dancing seductively , draw a crowd as she move , she stare straight ahead at maurice . maurice 's joint droops from the corner of he mouth as he realize " yes ! " , this world - class beauty be most definitely flirt with he . the Dark Lady 's still throw he deep look as she dance off the floor and then disappear up the stair , make maurice lean into Bill . maurice can you take a little extend solo right about now , funk soul brotha ? bill go for it . maurice head upstairs , sure that he short dj career be already pay off big time . int . upstair - continuous maurice slip into the darkness of the room and close the door behind he . maurice hey , baby . time for a little meat beat manifesto . in the darkness he can not see where she be . just hear a deep breathe , almost panting . maurice ( cont 'd ) ahhh , tantric breathe . I be in love . he can not see she . or anything in the dark room . finally he eye adapt to the dark and he see a dark shape by the bed . maurice ( cont 'd ) that 's it , honey . do not need to speak . jesuis le gangsta de l'amour . El gaucho della cosmos . we will speak zee international language of love ... he pull out a lighter to light he joint ( and see where she be ) but when he do it 's not she beautiful dark feature he see , but : for the blink of a eye , it 's totally blank face , except for a huge mouth with liver lip , pink gum and wolfen tooth . when it exhales , out come a noxious cloud of tiny insect . and then in the blink it 's the raging black dog leaping open jaw at he face . maurice scream and drop he light in fright . he start crawl towards the door and the overhead light switch . while try to fend himself from the wail tooth and claw of the canine creature ... int . the club - continuous maurice 's scream be inaudible . just another faint part of the complicated mix . maurice 's voice , a sample loop , be part of the boy ' mix . maurice ( o.s. ) ( voice in music mix ) " Jimmy Bones be in the house ... house ... house . " int . upstair - continuous furious flash and glimpsis of savage tooth and claw rip maurice . int . the club - continuous Bill 's extend turntablism rock the house . tia replace Patrick behind the bar while cinnabar drag he on to the dance floor . int . sub - basement - continuous bones-vision move / float all the way down to the basement . he squat over he own corpse . before we eye ( intercut with flash of the demon-dog feast on maurice upstairs ) , more and more flesh grow on the bone of Bones . int . dance floor - continuous Bill signal Patrick , call he over . bill where 's the gangsta of love ? patrick probably stone out of he gourd in some corner . bill well , go find he lazy ass . I scratch any more tonight I be gonna have carpal tunnel syndrome . this portion of the screenplay contain scene that do not appear or occur elsewhere in the final movie . in order to maintain the integrity of the screenplay , it have not be edit . int . upstair - continuous Patrick walk upstairs - we fear he will be next . patrick yo. maurice . where be you ? he try a door . nothing . then he hear noise from the third floor . int . hallway - continuous Patrick open the remain bedroom door on a nightmare tableaux . maurice lie in a pool of blood . his body shake and shudder spasmodically as the dog feast on he liver . Patrick start for maurice but the dog growl to keep he back away from its precious food . Patrick back up a step . almost out of he mind with terror . he really lose it when the dog , in slo - mo , look up and directly at he . it seem to be wear maurice 's face and speak with a twisted version of he ( maurice 's ) voice : dog / maurice the gangsta of love do not eat no fry chicken ... and before Patrick can even freak , the dog have return to it 's normal dog face , and it lunge at Patrick , take a sizeable bite out of he arm . Patrick leap back out the door , with only a fast glance back at the thing in the room -- the dog be not follow he . it 's stand . over maurice 's remain . growl low , it begin to shudder uncontrollably to bulge and ooze . the gore cover dog quiver and swell and bulge and finally explode into a shower of pulsate maggot , fly all over the room and all over Patrick 's eye and in he mouth . int . basement - continuous the body be now do . it look whole again . even strong and young . if still gray and cold until Bones lie down , curl up into the body fill the rejuvenate corpse with the vital life force of he vengeful rage . Bones / the body open he eye , stand up not totter as before but fill with strength . he look as good as new , except for the tatter clothes . on the dance floor - continuous the dancer can not hear Patrick scream or run down the stair . they be just groovin ' along to Ill Bill and the funk . until the maggot start ooze and pour through the ceiling onto they hair and face and clothes , into they drink at the bar and onto they pizza slice . then Patrick come into the room scream and all hell break loose as the sight of he , plus the maggot , send everyone tear for the exit . see he brother in terror , Bill slam the tone arm screeching the needle across the record , leave only the psycho drum and bass play on the other channel of the mix . int . basement - continuous meanwhile , down below , the freshly embody Bones study the gas furnace . this time when he bend down to blow out the light -- wooosh , he blow it out . he reach under the tank and the gas hiss out . then he eye he old razor on the floor . with a confident , strong grip , he pick it up and now , finally -- bone be back in business . int . dance floor - continuous Hell - maggot still fall onto people , maggot on the floor make people slip and fall as they jam the exit . scream chaos , people try to break window to get out faster ... Patrick look across the chaotic room and see cinnabar and tia cring under a table . trapped there . Bill in the doorway try to get people out . int . basement - continuous at the top of the stair , lead up out of the sub basement , Bones smashes the bulb of the hang light . then flip the light switch -- the spark ignites the gas behind he . it cause a fiery explosion in the lower basement . the fire 's light seem the very glow of hellfire behind Bones as he march up the stair , razor in he hand . int . dance floor - continuous Patrick , try to stay low , crawl he way to where he sister and cinnabar be trap . Fire begin to burn through from the kitchen and up through the floor . the room be fill with smoke . Bill 's help that trample in the rush to get out . Bill himself bleed badly from he neck . Patrick run with cinnabar and tia toward the door . and as the smoke fill the room , through the haze we see : Bones step into the room . his arm raise with the razor . and he fling it out , like a boomerang , the razor fly around the room . it swoops down through the smoke at the remain kid , hack at they through the smoke , like some savage bird , though it do not seem intent on slaughtering they , but rather herding they out . Bill and Patrick pull cinnabar and tia out the door -- they be the last in the room . suddenly the razor stop , freeze in mid-air and zip back into Bones ' wait fist - just like a boomerang . razor hold high , Bones advance on they , steadily , cool as ice amidst the now fully burn house . ext . STREET - continuous shotgun , Pearl and a few other have run out into the street to watch the fire . in the distance , siren already wail . Pearl hold she breath until she see cinnabar safe . look for a instant , they all see Bones as the room be engulf in flame . see he raise he fist in a rage . or be it in triumph ? before he figure be obscure by fall debris . siren wail as fire truck pull up and the man start unrol a hose . but freeze at the cock of the shotgun . shotgun unh-unh . let it burn . the rise flame illuminate the face of spectator . especially shotgun and Pearl , who for the first time in 20 year , look each other straight in the eye . shotgun ( cont 'd ) we shoulda do this a long time ago . pearl I do not know . her flame - reflect eye tell we she fear : this may be a huge mistake . int . bone ' house - continuous in the burn room , we see Bones , oblivious to the flame , climb the stair . into he hold room where he come to what 's leave of maurice . find he hand bloody and barely attach to the wrist , and on it -- Bones ' ring . bone you will not be need this . Bones slip it onto he stump of a finger . int . police station - continuous Patrick and the other sit ashen - face under question by cop and arson investigator . investigator Flying razor , big black man , spontaneous explosion . I get just one question : what the hell narcotic be you all on ? patrick we never do that . only ... maurice be into it . cop that 's the one you leave behind ? bill yeah . my man maurice . the Space cowboy . the gangsta of Love . he break down . just then , jeremiah walk in with a lawyer . jeremiah none of you say another word . int . pearle storefront - continuous cinnabar be cry , Pearl hold she . pearl it 's alright , baby . cinnabar who be he , momma ? he try to kill we . pearl if he be try to kill you , you would be dead . cinnabar who ? who be he ? what be he ? pearl you father . he be you father . int . car - later that night jeremiah drive he still shocked and silent brood back to safety behind the gate of rossmore Park . jeremiah I do not want any of you ever back down there again . you hear I ? and this time you will listen to I . or I will let they throw you ass in jail . I mean it . int . pearle storefront - continuous cinnabar , listen to she mother , be tell what happen . pearl you get he hand . beautiful hand . I do not even know . that night . when they - we - kill he , that you be already alive inside I . life 's like that . grow right out of death . cinnabar but if it 's he . if he 's really come back , will not he know we ? Love we ? pearl sure , if it be really he . but it be not that simple . Jimmy 's body die a long time ago . and he soul be long go , and all that 's leave be that ravening , hungry spirit in the blood that soak into the house itself , I suppose . cinnabar but how do you know ? maybe he just want to see we ? and now he 's go again . and you have all kill my father for the second time . cinnabar run cry out of the room . this portion of the screenplay contain scene that do not appear or occur elsewhere in the final movie . in order to maintain the integrity of the screenplay , it have not be edit . ext . back on the STREET - pre-dawn the building be finish , just a blacken shell . remnant of the staircase lead up to fragment of the upper floor . smoke still billow from the empty center of the ruin . silhouett in the smoke and the low light of the rise sun : a tall , dark figure , not of then , nor quite of now . it be Bones . taller , thin , darker and more menace then ever . but unmistakably Bones . he step out of the rubble . and look across the street , up at shotgun 's light window . int . shotgun' apartment - continuous shotgun 's hand shake as he pour another shot . then downs it . he turn to the window and freeze at what he see . Bones face be just outside the window . the second story window . smiling in at he . shotgun be petrify . but then he pick up he gun and shoot at the face in the window . bone ( o.s. ) free at last , free at last . shotgun whirl and there stand Bones behind he now . shotgun it be not my fault . I do not know what they would plan . bone shush . it do not matter now . shotgun no. really , Jimmy . remember , man . it 's I . I be on you side . do not you remember ? he just walk towards the terrify shotgun , closer and closer , lean right over he shotgun , he face come just inch from shotgun 's face . bone take a look at what I remember , brother ... his big brown eye fill shotgun 's vision , and in what now seem to be the gigantic pupil in Bones ' eye , shotgun see the old apartment , and there it all be again and again . shotgun see himself hesitate , almost risk it all and instead give in , stabbing Bones -- he can not look away . then Bones close he eye . shotgun sobbing now . shotgun I have no choice , Jimmy . what else could I do ? bone you coulda die with I . die try . shotgun be cradling he weapon , hand shaking . he point it at Bones and pull the trigger . Bones do not even flinch as the pellet rip through he . bone ( cont 'd ) feel better ? Bones ' impossibly long finger hold he long rusty razor . he wave the razor in front of shotgun , the rusty blade swinging free back and forth , hypnotically , with a rasp sound . bone ( cont 'd ) you gonna be free and clear , shotgun . all debt pay ... and then in one swift motion , on the back stroke , Bones ' hand and razor slash across shotgun 's throat . shotgun do not even have time to scream , we just hear he breath and blood escape from the new open across he neck . Bones bend down and cradling he old friend , whisper gently into he ear . sing , perhaps . we can not quite hear . bone ( cont 'd ) see you on the other side , brother . Bones get up and move around the room , stand before the window and look down at the neighborhood he use to own . for a second he see the old neighborhood , everybody hang out . then he blink back to reality . he look down the block and see Pearl 's reader and advisor sign . int . jeremiah be house - day Bill in a kind of shock can only lie in he bedroom , stare at the ceiling . tia 's out in the live room , sit on the couch weep in she mother 's arm . Patrick 's in the bathroom tend the bloody scratch on he back and arm . he 's frighten . and angry . he storm out of the bathroom , down the hall to he father 's office . int . jeremiah be study - continuous as Patrick slam the door behind he , jeremiah hide a stack of papers and photo beneath a pile on he desk . patrick do you do it ? jeremiah sure , son . I go down there and torch the place myself . patrick you could have have it do . you do not want we there . jeremiah I would not have risk kill you to get you out . I be try to protect you . patrick from what ? jeremiah can not answer . but Patrick 's not leave it alone . patrick ( cont 'd ) why ? why do you give a shit about the building ? why do you care that we be there of all place ? jeremiah it 's ... it 's a bad neighborhood . as you can see now . patrick bullshit , dad . do not front I . for once . just tell I the truth . I come from there , too . jeremiah you be just a kid . patrick I see you face . you know that place . you know that people . jeremiah that 's the past . it 's dead . patrick Dead ? I do not think you past be dead . ( point to the bandage ) it 's alive . and it bite . ext . blackstone STREET - night that night we see a walk shadow . the long tall black clad Bones . head down he old block . alone . as he move , he face change , at time demonic and intent . but periodically that shift as if a mask slip off to reveal a similar but different face below . more human , lose , pain , confuse , and we see why : from bone ' fucked up undead Pov : the dark and desolate street he walk down keep flash for brief instant into the street of twenty year ago . one moment , people nodd to he , wave , blow kiss . and then suddenly , it 's the empty burnt block it be now . Bones ' face shift , crack , one second the hungry ghost . the next , he 's the old Bones who once rule this ' hood . he see , down the block , the old palmistry sign . it 's Pearl 's place . for a second , the face of the real Jimmy Bones triumph and he smile . then hear voice behind he . stank and weaze . they see a tall , thin figure in some very fine look , long duster . stank look to score ? bone unh-unh , little brother . I get a natural high . a supernatural high . stank hey , Eddie mack do not like no wackos on he street . go be rain man on some other bitch 's block . bone ( sorta sing ) Big bad Eddie mack ? get shit for brain and that 's a fack . hey-heh ... weaze yeah . but he get a baaaad coat . whataya say , bro ? I check out you coat ? bone sure . here it be . suddenly , out from the depth of he shadow , fly the edge of Bones ' razor and the blade slashes stank in the face . cut a sideways , smart aleck smile in he cheek . weaze pull a gun and shoot Bones . Bones jolt a little as the bullet imbed itself in he stomach . but he take it like a punch and look up . bone ( cont 'd ) cut that shit out . he grab one of the boy in each long hand and hoist they up to he height and pin they against the wall . bone ( cont 'd ) you tell my old friend mackie , I will be see he . soon. Real soon . stank wh-wh -whooo ? bone Bones . this portion of the screenplay contain scene that do not appear or occur elsewhere in the final movie . in order to maintain the integrity of the screenplay , it have not be edit . int . pearle parlor - night Pearl sit alone , drink . maybe cry a little . her hand shuffle large tarot card . she lay she own spread . first card face down . second card face up . the lover . and across it the third be laid : the crumble Tower . then she slip the first card , the down - turn card out and flip it face up . death . suddenly a long black shadow fall over the table . pearl ( without look up ) welcome back , lover . she finally look up at he . pearl ( cont 'd ) not so bad . you be not quite he . but you be not the shaggy demon I expect , neither . his face quiver and we see from he Pov : Pearl - then and now . again , then and now . pearl ( cont 'd ) you look confuse . the dead often be . ' course , so be the live . take I . I be confuse a long time . least twenty year . maybe if I have n'ta walk in at that moment . or maybe if I have n'ta let you go at all . I figure one way or the other , I kill you . so it 's only fair : kill I , lover . I do not mind . I will even help you . the way you help I . she grab he hand , try to stab herself with he razor . but he resist . pull he arm free . pearl ( cont 'd ) no ? that mean there 's something more leave of you than just that hungry spirit ? what be you go to do now ? kill we ? kill we all ? bone no. not ... not you . you I forgive . she hurl herself at he . slap he . slam she fist against he shadowy chest . pearl forgive I ? the hell with you , Jimmy . Cause I do not forgive you , I do not forgive you for die . and for be so goddamn stubborn . or for haunt my dream . and I do not forgive you for anything you be about to do . he look down at she . his face waver between the true face of Jimmy Bones and the angry Bones ready to kill she . then he wrap he arm around she and they kiss . she faint , the card in she fist flutter to the floor . he lay she gently down . when suddenly cinnabar throw the door open . she and Bones make eye contact . she set eye for the first time on the father she 's never know . and in the blink of she eye , he 's go . she run to where she mom lie on the floor . ext . black cat pool club - night stank and weaze with Eddie mack , who 's get a manicure from a coke whore . mack you boy be hit the pipe ? weaze no , Eddie . it 's just that , I dunno . he be tall , and thin , and like a shadow , he face be just a blur . all I remember be the voice . it be smooth and low and it do not seem to be comin ' out of he mouth . mack then how would you hear it , fool ? weaze it be just like in my head . mack maybe I oughta open a couple hole in that head and let all they voice out . you will feel better , I promise . stank no , Eddie , man . wait . but he 's not about to shoot he . he lean over and snort a line of white powder off the mirrore tray . mack I tell you not to lie to I . now what the hell happen ? coke whore ( need a hit ) what about I , baby ? mack shutup , bitch . now what , he just say to tell you what ? he be back ? who be back ? stank Bones . at the very sound of the name , mack freeze . then with sudden coke- fuel ferocity , he whip around and start smack the shit out of stank , break he nose . the coke whore cheer Eddie on . wanting to see more action . mack Bones ? what the fuck be that suppose to mean ? get the fuck out of here . both of you , ' fore you hear my voice up in yo ' head . int . pearle storefront - night cinnabar pour some bourbon into a coke for she mother . but Pearl just grab the bottle and take a straight hit . pearl he will kill they . he will kill every last one of they . cinnabar who ? pearl Eddie mack , that cop . and jeremiah . and even when he 's do , who know . he will not be satisfied . just like that demon dog . feed it , and it just grow hungrier . feed he hunger for revenge - he just want more . who know where it will stop . that kind of hunger be not never satisfied . cinnabar be not you gonna do something about it ? pearl like what ? I get a little power , sure . a touch of the shine , a little of the sight . but no more than you do . we be not witch . I can not wiggle my nose or say a magic word and make he go away . besides , maybe they deserve it . maybe we all do . cinnabar I do not . Patrick do not . and he brother and sister do not . and they be in the house with he . pearl ( long beat ) Fine . maybe I get nothing to lose . ' cept you . int . black cat pool club - night the light be low and only the glow of the jukebox and the sound of harold melvin and the bluenote as mack and he manicurist get down on the pooltable , beside a ornate mirror laden with two gold ' 45s and a ounce of cocaine . which they be both do to excess . mack 's wear nothing but a black hat and black satin brief ( not a pretty sight ) . work now on she blouse . mack Bones , my ass . ( sing while unbuttone the manicurist 's blouse ) " ... if you do not believe he 's laid to rest / you count the hole in he motherfuck chest ... " she laugh and get up . coke whore that tickle . I want to hear that again . he watch she sashay to the other room where the juke box be . then bend over the mirror to do a new line . from the other room , the song change . a deep menace roll funk number . mack that 's it , baby . gimme the roll bass and I will tickle you tweeter all night long ... int . clubroom - continuous " baby 's " stand wide - eye next to the jukebox , stare at Bones , he razor press against she quivering lip . int . black cat pool club - continuous mack 's wonder where she be . mack c'mon , baby ! he walk do a little funky rufus Thomas shuffle to the music . he step into the club room . it 's dark , light only by the jukebox . but it 's empty . mack ( cont 'd ) bitch . nobody walk out on Eddie mack . then he see something . her leg on the floor , stick out behind the jukebox . he walk towards she , slowly ... then see the deepen pool of blood pour across the floor right towards he . whatever happen to she , she 's beyond he help now . mack ( cont 'd ) muthafucka ! he whip around but can not see anyone . he stride defiantly back into the pool room . mack ( cont 'd ) c'mon . I take you all on . mack pick up the two gold plate revolver off the mirror with coke on it . suddenly all the coke move on its own . the many gram pile there , all merge into one pile . mack ( cont 'd ) what the ...? he bend down to check it out . and the coke actually fly straight up off the mirror with the force of a punch and shoot like a fire hose straight up he nose . he reel back , choke . cough . after have probably a ounce fly straight up he snot- locker . blood pour out he nose . wobbly now . he hear a low echoing laughter through the club , and the sound of the cue ball break and send pool ball spin ' round the table . mack ( cont 'd ) who 's there ? Bones stand by the pool table , under the overhange light . he pull out he razor and with one savage slice , splinter the pool cue in two . mack ( cont 'd ) Bones ? Jimmy Bones ? that you ? you be dead . I kill you and I stick you dead ass in a hole in the ground wrap in nothing but you bitch 's bloody rag . now I will count the hole in you muthafuckin ' chest . and I will add a few more . he fire both gun at Bones , while back away . Bones do not feel a thing . he just pick up the mirror and hold it up face mack . bone this it ? you big - ass tidal wave . mack see he own terrify face stare back from the mirror , bell hang over he brief , coke and blood clotted on he face . bone ( cont 'd ) look like the wave 's long go and nothing but oil scum , dead fish , and yo ' ugly ass leave on the beach . mack shoot wildly at Bones . at the mirror - blast it into shard . but Bones stand unscathed . and the shard of break mirror do not fall to the ground . they remain in the air , form a live room swarm of razor sharp glass . mack turn and run , waaaaay too fuck late , as the swarm of glass shard fly like angry wasp right at he Eddie 's throw forward by the sheer force of they , and be skewer throughout he body by all the glass fragment . pin -- face mashed against the wall . bone ( cont 'd ) ( mack 's voice ) " I be take a five dollar kick in the head that 's a quick ticket to heaven . " mack pin to the wall . bleed from everywhere . snot blood - coke mess drip out he nose . Bones pull mack 's head back by he hair and slide he razor into the half inch between he Adam 's apple and the wall . as the juke box change song , we hear a liquid slice and a scream slip into a gurgle . Bones ' long hand drip blood as he tie something to he belt . we do not quite see what it be , not until we catch the sight of Eddie mack 's headless remain pin to the wall . int . police station - night lupovich be at he desk , finish off a huge Polish sausage . talk on the phone . a cop name sal be nearby , tidy up . lupovich I know it . the old slaughterhouse . ( hang up ) hey , sal . that little weasel we pop today ? he 's get something for we . I know he would once he think about it . sal shit , that be fast . lupovich 12 - year old . they scare easy . anyway , he 's gonna tip they stash . come with I . sal I be on my way home . can you handle it yourself ? lupovich oh , no . please do not make I go by myself . I be scaaaaaaaaaared . sal fuckin ' comedian . see you tomorrow . ext . allway - night Bones walk the night with a slice stride . his leg stretch too far and somehow cover long distance in a instant . and in slo-motion , like a nightmare , marionette , a walk shadow , or some great black grasshopper . mack severe head ( o.s. ) ( as if swinging back and forth ) Bones ! Bones , you muthafuckah ! what the hell you do to I ? Bones stop for a moment and look down at he waist and we see mack 's severe head tie to Bones ' belt . severe , yet seemingly alive . bone not half what I be plan on ... mack severe head this some sick fuck up shit . what you want with my head ? bone just use it to carry you soul . mack severe head my soul ? fuck you . look , I kill you . you kill I . fine. now ... Bones get no time to argue . he bend and pick up a handful of fetid city garbage . mack severe head ( cont 'd ) ... we be even . no need to get all meta fuck - phys-i-gack ... and shove it into the still talk mouth of mack . ext . southwest side - night Bright , loud summer night . blue come from inside a blue bar , the guy play " killin ' floor " . lupovich head toward the armor building . from a distance , he see a young runner emerge from a passage on the farside of the building then set off to meet he mark . lupovich head for the passage , the music follow he . lupovich look around to make sure no one be watch . then slip into a passageway lead to the old slaughterhouse . a scary walk through inky darkness , scattered with break glass and scurrying rat and light only by the eerie red light spilling like blood out of the open door into the old slaughterhouse at the end of the way . lupovich reach the back , right next to the old load dock where the still - livestock be unload . he enter the door , disappear into the red darkness . int . slaughterhouse build - continuous the room , large and open , soak in the sodium vapor that stream through the tall window from the streetlight . there be a few blood rusted meat hook still there , backlit , hang from the ceiling . graffiti cover the wall with arcane tag and symbol . the floor be cake with a sticky grime turn black in the orange haze . in the far corner burn three red votive candle . behind the candle lie a crumpled brown paper bag . the stash . lupovich start over to the corner , twitching at the gross sound of he shoe stick to the layer of old coagulate blood on the kill floor . behind he , frame for a instant int he doorway - a tall , sharp shadow , a walk razor - Bones ! the walk be tense . somehow the music have follow he here and be echoing and wail in the wall around he . he get to the corner , and reach over the candle , open the top of the paper bag . jackpot . five ziplock of the rock . he hear a noise . lupovich fumble for he gun and at the same time reach to snatch the stash bag . his wrist touch the candle flame and it burn . lupovich shit ! fuck ! he hear another noise , a blade scraping on concrete , right behind he . now the music blend with the echoing squeal of the hog once butcher on the cut line . lupovich hear another noise , a blade scraping on concrete , right behind he . now the music blend with the echoing squeal of the hog once butcher on the cut line . lupovich turn and there , tower over he , stand Bones . and just as startling , there 's mack 's laugh severe head swinging from he belt . lupovich can only choke on he terror , and while he mouth be open , Bones shove a glass pipe into it . brandish he razor , Bones pack a rock into the bowl and torch it . he hold the razor to lupovich 's throat . bone ( in mack 's voice ) " just try it ... go ahead ... it will not kill you . " lupovich , tremble , take a massive hit of the crack deep into he lung . the music and the sound of the die pig attack he as the coke fill he lung and then he blood and then he brain , he eye start to bug . Bones then knock the pipe from he lip and seal he hand over lupovich 's mouth and nose . he can not exhale . the sound get louder , the graft wall come alive . Bones remove he hand revealing lupovich 's nose be fuse shut , and he mouth be simply go , the skin flat where the mouth use to be . lupovich 's gotta lung full of crack , and no way to exhale . severe mack laugh insanely as he see lupovich 's eye bulge as he lung start to strain under the agony . his frenzied suffocation be nothing but pure torture . while he be still kick with the fear and the drug rush , Bones drag lupovich to the middle of the room . with one arm , Bones lift the fat cop up and hook he to one of the meat hook above . bone ( cont 'd ) ( in lupovich 's voice ) " I be not gonna be the only one with this nigger 's blood on my hand ... " as lupovich squirm , Bones take he blade , and shove it in just below lupovich 's sternum . and a spray of blood paint Bones and mack 's hang head . thick crack smoke emerge from the wound and float , foglike , out of the chest cavity . Bones then yank the blade southward and slice the cop 's belly wide open . we hear lupovich 's gut spill out on the floor . mack severe head be that really necessary ? can you wipe my fuck face ? I can not see a goddamn thing . the dope smoke waft in the room four foot off the floor . the song immolate itself . blood drip . and Bones add another weight to he belt . ext . rossmore park - night just round the corner from the entrance to the gated suburb . cinnabar and Pearl . on foot . pearl we will have to sneak in . cinnabar no we will not , momma . I will just have they call and tell Patrick it 's we . pearl girl , they build gate like that to keep people like we out . cinnabar walk up to the guard at the gate . he pick up the phone to check . int . peet house - continuous phone ring . Patrick grab it . but he father 's already on the other end . guard ( on phone ) a young lady to see you . a miss Vaughn ... jeremiah no. sorry . send she away . ext . rossmore gate - continuous the rent -a- cop hang up the phone and shake he head . guard sorry miss . cinnabar can not I call ? and talk to they . guard sure . but not from here . nearest public phone would be back a few mile . outside the mall . cinnabar see it 's useless to argue and walk away . shock and hurt . back to where she mother stand in the shadow outside the gate . pearl told you so . alright . we try . let 's go home . cinnabar mother ! no. hear a voice from the other side of the gate . patrick cinnabar ? walk around the north side . there 's a open there . ext . MAIN gate - continuous as they sneak around the other side , a dark figure step right up to the main gate . the rent -a- cop wake up fast when he see Bones stand in front of he . after all , how often do he come face to face with everything he be there to keep out ? he hitches he belt in best John Wayne style . guard can I help y-- ... but then he notice the two -sever head swinging from Bones ' belt . all three of they smile . mack severe head can jeremiah come out and play ? ext . NORTH wooded side - continuous the other outer edge of the sub-development . Patrick lead they in through some bush and behind some of the pipe and power system of the subdivision . cinnabar why could not you just tell he to let we in ? patrick my old man call the shot . he build that gate and this damn wall . pearl ( to cinnabar ) you sure we oughta save he ? why not just let see how safe he gate and wall keep he when he past come call ? patrick save he ? what be you talk about ? int . jeremiah be study - continuous jeremiah lock the door to he study . then he pull out the stack he hide on he desk . a dusty manila envelope . Inside photo : the old day . his first wife . his first life . back in the old neighborhood . him and he best friend Jimmy Bones as child , teenager and as adult . bone ( o.s. ) hey , brotha ! what it be ? and Bones stand right behind he . severe head hang from he belt . bone ( cont 'd ) what it will be . jeremiah how do you get in here ? bone time like this , be that what you really want to know ? how I get the fuck in here ? ext . MAIN gate - continuous a car drive up to the gate . but no guard come out to check it out . the driver of the car honk . but no response . just the aimless squawk of the radio in the booth . can not really see into the tooth . the window be splatter and obscure by deep red stain . int . peet house - continuous Patrick run in with cinnabar and pearl , past a startle Nancy . patrick where 's dad ? nancy his study . who be you friend ? but they run right past . though Pearl give a kind of half wave ' hi-hello . ' Patrick run down the hall to he father 's study . the door 's lock . from the inside , he pound on it . patrick dad ? open up . dad ?? Bill and tia stick they head out to see what all the racket be . patrick ( cont 'd ) c'mon . we get to get in there . Bill and Patrick slam against the door . finally it give way and they both tumble through the break door into the room . int . jeremiah be study - continuous but it 's empty . jeremiah 's not there . ext . bone ' build - night a strange , greenish fog up and down the street emanate from the burnt out shell of the building . int . bone ' build - continuous High in the center , where the master bedroom once be , we see a kind of mirage form . another image of the room still there , vaguely , luminescent in the night . int . peet house - continuous they be in shock . bill we can not go back there . be you crazy ? you see -- pearl it 's the only way . it 's possible you father may not be dead yet . they look around at the mess in the room . over turn chair . Signs of struggle . spatter of blood . pearl ( cont 'd ) you father be he best friend . he love jeremiah . so he must hate he the most of all now . he will take he time . but even if it be too late . if you father be dead . it 's not over . the door have to be close . bill well , close the fuck door by all mean . but do not expect I to go down there and do it . pearl I do not . she get up to go . cinnabar stand too . patrick you be not go down there . not alone . I will go . bill Fine . but I be bring a couple of friend . he step out of the room and come back with a gun and a knife in a sheath on he belt . pearl they will not do you no good . Bill with a defiant " well , it can not hurt " look . Nancy appear in the doorway as they hurry out , see Bill with the gun in he hand . nancy what be you do ? I have just call the police and 911 . patrick then we need to get out of here . we can not try to explain this to they . we will be back . hopefully with dad . Nancy cling to tia as the rest of they hurry down the hall . this portion of the screenplay contain scene that do not appear or occur elsewhere in the final movie . in order to maintain the integrity of the screenplay , it have not be edit . int . bone ' build / necropolis version - eternal night it be Bones ' old bedroom . the necropolois version . the floor , the wall , the furniture , everything in it -- form out of the wrack and twisted shape of dead soul . this be that same version of the room we have glimpse before . and it remain , even when the real room have burnt away . int . bone ' bedroom - continuous Bones there in the flesh , with jeremiah on he knee . Bones untying the head from he belt . bone you two bitch be just meat , never have any idea smarter than get yourself a little more . but my brother jaybird , here . he be smart . he do not just want more . he want more with compound interest . Bones shove the scream severe head through the undead wall of the necropolis . severe head Pov for only a flashcut moment , we see the head see come at they - reach for they . laugh at they . the undead . bone ( cont 'd ) time for he to collect he interest . jeremiah 's gonna have the unique experience of see he reward , taste it while he 's still alive . Bones wrap he long arm around jeremiah 's neck in a brotherly choke hold . jeremiah terrify . ext . lake shore drive - night Pearl , cinnabar , Bill and Patrick speed south by car . pearl ... see there be not just two part to a person . there 's three . body - soul and Spirit . the spirit life in the blood . it 's the want that hold body and soul together , and sometimes , the want life on . Jimmy 's blood must still be in the house . patrick but the place burn to the ground . pearl the blood be still there . we just gotta figure out where . cinnabar in he grave there be a cloth or a dress or something . cover with blood . pearl my God . my dress . we have to find it . and burn it . and shut the door . Bill and Patrick look at Pearl like she might be crazy . then they see cinnabar next to she , glaring back at they . int . bone ' bedroom - continuous Bones have jeremiah on he foot now , lead he towards the wall of the undead . suddenly , hand shoot out of the wall , only inch away from jeremiah 's face ! he twist and turn to stay away from they , but the long nail on one of the hand claw at he cheek . while hungry mouth open from the palm of hand . bone ( keep jeremiah out from hand ' reach ) I do not understand it . you be my man . since we be grasshoppas . I always look after you . you have a piece of everything I have . jeremiah I do not want a piece of yours , I want my own . bone and the hell everybody else , right ? Bones push jeremiah 's face towards the grasp hand . jeremiah wait , Jimmy . think about it . you woulda do the same thing if you be I . bone no brother . I would n'ta . I never do a man - any man . let alone a brother like that . course , as you can see , no good deed go unfucked . now the question be , if the good get fuck , what we get save up for the bad ? you about to find out . Bones ram jeremiah 's head ( he eye close in fear ) through the necropolis wall . int . necropolis wall - continuous jeremiah 's head inside now . eye still close , head bob in the jelly - like base that hold what he see when he dare to open he eye . hideous malformed face , genetic anomaly , the kind of face that wound up in side - show in less enlighten time . all laugh and leer and glaring at jeremiah . full c.u. - lupovich face and head the skin peel away like congeal jelly . lupovich try to talk to jeremiah or to scream but nothing come out . except for a hideous wobble bubble . for a subliminal moment , jeremiah see a figure trap inside the bubble . his own figure , silently scream to get out . new angle suddenly , jeremiah be scream for real as Bones have just yank he head back out of the wall . bone it 's a trip , be not it ? Bones sounding almost sympathetic to jeremiah . almost . this portion of the screenplay contain scene that do not appear or occur elsewhere in the final movie . in order to maintain the integrity of the screenplay , it have not be edit . ext . bone neighborhood - night suddenly , as they round a corner onto blackstone , they see tendril of a eerie greenish fog . it seem to be emanate from the still smoking remain of Bones ' house . or perhaps it be just the smoke , tinged only by the gaseous street light . pearl we have get to hurry . we have get to shut the door . they be get out . then there 's a shape and a thump ! the real terror of think you car just hit a human be . then a face appear in the car window . just a homeless guy shaking a angry fist at they . quickly , he 's go in the fog . strain to see , Patrick stop , grab a flashlight from he glove box . they all get out . make they way through the fog , glimpsing in darken doorway , eerie shape , perhaps more of the dead out of necropolis . ext . behind the build - continuous they arrive at the back side of the ruin building . patrick there be a storm door , to the cellar . they search frantically in the dark amongst the tall weed abandon junk and burnt rubble . int . bone ' bedroom - continuous jeremiah still with Bones , look for a way out . jeremiah what will it take ? what do you want ? just tell I , Jimmy ! bone aw that 's easy . I want my life back . can you swing that , my brother ? jeremiah you know I can not . bone then fuck it !!! in a righteous fury , Bones headlock jeremiah again and ram he head through the necropolis wall . over jeremiah shoulder - he Pov as he 's back inside face to face with live dead mutation , with lupovich 's head come at he , it 's mouth suddenly open to ten time its normal size , swallow jeremiah whole . back with bone watch with some pity as the rest of jeremiah , he leg and foot be pull into the wall and go . accompany by the disappear scream of the last of jeremiah . bone ( cont 'd ) ( sadly ) Dog eat dog , brother . Dog eat dog . ext . behind the build - continuous they search for the cellar door . the night air be shattered by a scream , at once very close and infinitely far . finally : bill here ! he 's find a chip gray storm door . Patrick easily kick in the rotten wood revealing a dark tunnel of stair lead down beneath the ruin of the building into the sub-basement . patrick it 's not safe down there . the fire start down there . the whole thing could collapse . pearl then you father 's a dead man and Jimmy Bones be gonna be around a long time . Patrick step down into the darkness of the cellar , he flashlight on . int . STORM cellar - continuous the group stoops low as they descend the stair . beneath wood support , the dirt be reclaim it , already a constant trickle of dirty fall from between the board . in the dim , Patrick lead they , walk through a mass of spider infest web and , just ahead , be the sub-basement where they originally find the body . int . sub - basement - continuous throw debris aside , they come next through a small door at the bottom of the stair and enter the sub-basement . nearby be the elevator shaft , a gape hole in the ruin - but recognizable as such . the ceiling above they be nearly collapse , and over most of the room , the accumulate debris and ruin from above have simply fall through . and what remain of the ceiling be still shifting , groan , come apart . Patrick shine he flashlight down to the ground , until : patrick here . he 's find the hole that be Bones ' hastily dig grave , but there 's nothing in it now but swarm white maggot . pearl be it there ? she get down on she hand and knee as Patrick shine the light , but after a few frantic moment of digging , it 's clear : pearl ( cont 'd ) it 's go . he get it . just then the sound of tremendous strain and creak of wood . and the ceiling start to give way . they all scramble for shelter , and then it give way completely -- completely block they way out . they be trap . bill no !!!!!! they all look in every direction for some glimpse of hope - of a way out . there be none . then they hear behind they : a resonant " ding ! " turning - there Pov where moment before there be a gape , ruin elevator shaft , there be now a fully function elevator just as it be in 1979 , the door open to they in eerie slo-mo . Pearl start towards the open car . the other try to hold she back . pearl it 's alright . let I . she walk closer , peer into the dark recess of the elevator . maybe again a flash of visible movement inside . closer ever closer , until Pearl , almost entrance , step in . and once inside , there 's no one , or no thing , there . Pearl be about to tell they " it 's okay ... " when suddenly the door of the elevator slide - slam shut . cinnabar mama !!!!! then they hear the elevator chain start to move and the elevator start to rise . cinnabar scream louder . int . the elevator - continuous Pearl stand there , summoning all she courage for what she know she 's go to have to face . watch the elevator arrow as it climb to the number three . int . sub - basement - continuous Patrick and Bill beat on the door and try to pry it open . then they try jam jag board into the open , but still to no avail . pearle Pov as a moment later , the car stop and the door open onto : int . bone ' pad - continuous down to the last detail , exactly as it be 22 year ago , the night Bones die . Music play ( the delfonic " do not I blow you mind this time ... " ) the only new detail be the dozen of candle romantically burn everywhere . bone ( o.s. ) hey , baby . Pearl feel a soft touch on the back of she neck and spin , find Jimmy right behind , almost nuzzling she . his face hide , though , in darkness . holding something in he hand , behind he back . pearl ( still with she back to he ) Jimmy , you have get -- bone I have get what I want . turn around baby , look at I . look at you man . she turn slowly , and we do not know what to expect . something horrible or something beautiful . finally , she 's face to face , and it 's Jimmy just as he be , 22 year ago . all trace of the demonic be go . Pearl melt as the delfonic swell , Jimmy hold she close . bone ( cont 'd ) I want you to do something for I , baby . pearl what ? we see what he 's hold : the dress . rotted and blood clotted and ruin . bone I always love you in this dress . he hold it up for Pearl to see and from : her Pov the dress be brand new and beautiful . she 's finally entrance . int . the sub - basement - continuous Patrick , Bill and cinnabar have manage now to pry open the elevator outer door . they step inside on the soft ashen ground and look up : there Pov the shaft go all the way into eternity . but along the tack wall , they see hand and foothold put there for worker . patrick we can climb out . bill climb out to where ? patrick anywhere but here . one by one they start to climb , Bill first . as they climb , they become aware of light on the first floor level just ahead . back in bone ' crib Pearl step into the frame to look at herself in a floor length mirror on Bones ' close door . pearl be Pov - in the mirror not only the dress , but she too look exactly as she be 22 year ago , skin smooth as cocoa butter , eye free from worry and pain . roberta flack 's " killing I softly " as Jimmy take she in he arm and start to slow dance she in the midst of all that candle . pearl where be we , baby ? bone where we will always be ... pearl but . bone hush , baby . pull she closer , closer , until she last misgiving be go . whatever purpose she come with lose in the power of have the impossible . int . the elevator shaft - continuous the three still climb handhold by handhold , knock loose dirt in each other ' eye . Bill be just now reach the first floor level , try to force open the outer door . suddenly , a ominous sound : the chain / mechanism of the elevator as they see it start to descend towards they . panick , Bill try with all he might . as the elevator inch closer and closer -- until Bill finally manage to get the door open . they all scramble to safety just as the elevator slide by they . new angle after they catch they breath , they look up and around to find themselves -- int . the necropolis - continuous a distort m.c. escher- like feel to the place . where up seem to be down , down up , and leave be right . not help by behind only light by the eerie flicker gaseous lamp outside , and the moonlight fall through the skylight . then , slowly through the gloom , they begin to perceive that the wall be clotted and congeal , teratomic mass of distort flesh ; face , limb , eye , mouth , all trap - all contort in agony . at first they seem to be freeze in the wall , like the ruin of herculaneum . but then we see -- they be slowly writhe , move . hand grasp , tooth and rotted jaw widen , and worst of all , the eye stare out . patrick be this Hell ? bill ( grip the gun ) or just Hell - adjacent ... cinnabar ai not no Heaven . ai not no Hell . there 's just the world of the dead , my momma always talk about . like she say , the door be open , and we be see right through we world into this one . we just have to remember what be really here . and follow it . that stair should take we to the second floor . as they approach the stair they can hear faintly above the drine / moan of the dead , the soft music play in Bones ' crib . angle as they start up the stair into the darkness . Patrick first , cinnabar in between he and Bill . Patrick still hold he flashlight , but it 's start to flicker a little . more of the same horror along the stairway wall , eye look at they , hand caress cinnabar 's hair , another hand shoot up from the stair floor and grab Bill 's thigh . Bill stab the hand with the knife on he belt . and the hand shoot back down . back in bone ' crib the munch - like dance of death go on , Bones stroking the back of she neck . bone just like I tell you this morning , I would be stroking you neck tonight . Pearl absolutely lose . back on the stair the three still ascend when Patrick 's flashlight suddenly cut out . total darkness . patrick shit . a faint sound : Patrick shaking the flashlight . nothing but the sound of breathe , both human and non-human . patrick ( cont 'd ) thing work fine a minute ago . battery be brand new -- then as suddenly as it go out , the flashlight come back on , illuminate a horrible sight : maurice . stand right there , a few foot in front of they . bill maurice ! maurice put a finger to he lip and beckon they to follow . the boy want it to be maurice . but cinnabar know better . cinnabar that 's not maurice -- but with the beam of the flicker flashlight , they follow the shadowy figure up the step . then maurice get a bit to far ahead , and they can not see he for a beat . patrick maurice . hold up , man . then after a silent beat , just maurice 's hand appear back out of the darkness , beckone they onward . then the flashlight cut out again . they be back in the darkness . patrick ( cont 'd ) ( as he shake the flashlight ) okay , we be on the second floor . I feel it . no more step . the sound of Patrick cursing and shaking the battery around in the torch . eventually it come on again . up ahead , they still barely see maurice , he back to they , face in one quarter profile , lead they towards the next flight of stair at the end of the hall . they follow . closer and closer to the stair , maurice go eerily in and out of they vision . the flashlight die again . darkness . Patrick shake it and it come back quickly . then just as quickly die again ! a shake and it 's light again -- just as Bill be step into the corner where maurice disappear . flickering horror as the dog leap at they from the corner , all tooth and slaver jaw ! everyone scramble for they life , and the flashlight fall to the floor . low angle from the floor - just behind the flashlight we see the skew horror : as the dog tear at Bill , as he gun skitter across the floor ; as Patrick grab the gun and fire , and we get a bit more illumination from the explode gunpowder . but it do no good . Bill scream in terror as he 's tear to piece , and then the flashlight go out and again , we be in stygian darkness . the sound of Bill die and a long silence . patrick ( cont 'd ) Bill ?! cinnabar ? cinnabar ?! no answer . at first . finally in husky voice : cinnabar I be here . patrick Bill ! Bill ?! cinnabar Patrick , he 's ... patrick okay , okay . listen : from somewhere come the sound of the music from Bones ' crib . patrick ( cont 'd ) here , find my hand . the stair be right near here . I see they . let 's just walk up there . cinnabar I can not find you . patrick here ! silence . as we expect the worse , expect something else to take she hand . but then : cinnabar be that you ? pause -- the music from Bones ' crib still beckon to they . patrick yeah . come on . do not let go . we be in near total darkness as they climb the stair , maybe a bit of moonlight now come in from the roofless third floor they be approach . all we can hear be they footstep and they breathe as they walk the rest of the way up the stair and emerge into : bone ' crib - there Pov both amaze to see Pearl as young and beautiful as cinnabar be , cling to the dash Jimmy dance to the spectral sound of some soul classic from back in the day . cinnabar entrance by the vision . angle as Pearl open she dream eye and see they , smile and beckone cinnabar to come join she . cinnabar begin to . Patrick watch she until he hear something o.s. call to he . it sound a million mile away and yet right in he ear . and it sound like jeremiah . jeremiah paaatrick ... this portion of the screenplay contain scene that do not appear or occur elsewhere in the final movie . in order to maintain the integrity of the screenplay , it have not be edit . patrick Pov he turn and look at the wall -- subtly surging from beneath the surface of the wall he see flash of face and hand , mouth twisted in torment . he move to the wall , draw by the strange sight and the recur sound ... jeremiah ( cont 'd ) ( as if a million mile away ) Patrick . help I . it 's come from within the wall . intercutting now , while cinnabar be advance towards she mother and father across the room -- Patrick , at the wall , try to place he ear near it in order to hear where the voice be come from . while cinnabar be now within Bones ' reach . Pearl step back to allow Jimmy to embrace cinnabar . they be reunite . bone welcome home , baby girl . Pearl watch as Bones caress he daughter 's cheek . Patrick now close to the wall -- try to hear the faint voice call to he . jeremiah please ... help I ... patrick dad ? suddenly something enormous press out from the wall . Patrick stumble back as he father 's head and torso press out from the wall , stretch in strain effort . jeremiah help I . I be so sorry . but please , help I ... patrick daddy ? jeremiah , or what he 's become embed into the wall , he face stretch , mouth huge and hollow eye drip bloody tear . jeremiah please . help I . I be scared . Patrick in anguish . jeremiah ( cont 'd ) it hurt . I do not want to spend forever like this . jeremiah 's arm reach out from the wall , grasp towards Patrick , who reach out to he father -- when suddenly with frightening speed jeremiah grab it , and wrench Patrick to he , pull Patrick flush up against the wall , even start to suck he in to the wall . patrick no !!! as Patrick struggle and writhes and twist to get free from he father 's grasp , he can see back across the room to the other . he see the room as it really be - he can see what 's really happen . Pearl , not in a new dress , but in a horrible tatter , blood encrust old dress , stand next to a rotting cadaver that 's stroking cinnabar 's cheek and hold she close ... jeremiah pull Patrick into the wall , into the necropolis itself . Patrick , though , just as concerned with cinnabar as with himself , yell at she across the crib . patrick ( cont 'd ) cinnabar ! stop ! but cinnabar do not even turn she head . she just step into she father 's embrace . but Pearl do seem to hear something . she look back at Patrick , beneath the illusion of the room she see he be pull into the awful wall , and can hear he more clearly now . patrick ( cont 'd ) no! cinnabar , no !!!! slowly , Pearl turn and look into the mirror and she get a full - length view of herself : a woman in ruin tatter of she old , rotted dress . then , come into she view in the mirror be she only daughter -- dance with a decaye corpse . pearl noooooo ! Pearl whirl and rip cinnabar away from Bones , who at first sort of chuckle to himself . but he stop laugh when Pearl grab the nearest candle and press the flame to she breast . in a terrible whoosh , the dry old dress and Pearl be engulf in flame . bone noooooooooo !!!!! Bones run to Pearl and throw he arm around she , try to smother the flame any way he can . pearl ( to Patrick and cinnabar ) get out !!! go !!! cinnabar in a shattered daze on the floor , see she mother in flame . Patrick desperately try to escape he father 's death grip . finally , with horrible sound , Patrick wrestle free from the wall , and from he father . he lurch free from they and make it over to cinnabar and drag she out the door just as the room dissolves around they . as the flame destroy the dress and the last vestige of Bones ' blood on it , the room begin to turn to ash . a eerie wind from nowhere begin to howl , blow the ash and smoke from the dress and from the dissolve wall . cinnabar take one last glance at the funeral pyre that be she mother and Bones now , too , see they almost lose in a shroud of flame and ash . angle as Patrick and cinnabar run down the corridor and back down the stair , the moon overhead and the flame from Bones crib give everything a flicker hellish cat . everything behind and above they crumble to dust . the floor and then the stair and all the howling body trap inside . on the first floor they reach the open elevator shaft . patrick we gotta jump ! cinnabar I can not ! everything around they rumbling and crumble . patrick we have to ! Patrick jump and land in the muddy ash , daze but unhurt . looking up he see cinnabar peer over the edge in fear . then , behind she , he can hear a low rumbling growl . he see cinnabar turn and scream -- ash and fall debris then temporarily blind hen he wipe he eye and look up , cinnabar be go from view . patrick ( cont 'd ) cinnabar ! where be you !? he immediately climb back up the shaft when he see cinnabar stand at the edge of the shaft above he . patrick ( cont 'd ) cinn ! jump !! and she jump , landing right next to Patrick , who quickly get she to she foot . patrick ( cont 'd ) let 's go !!! they run out of the shaft and into the sub-basement just as the elevator and shaft dissolve into ash . a hurricane wind blow down and out of the shaft now . mix with the sound of all the scream , moan soul in the necropolis . Patrick in a fury to live tear away the board and debris block the exit . he pull cinnabar out with he and they walk up the cellar stair , step into the dawn , weary , beat down but not dead . ext . bone ' build - day they have make it out of the inferno . like Dante say " thus we emerge again to see the star . " no star here , just the glorious dawn . Patrick stop , feel the new sun on he face . breathes clean air again for the first time . patrick we make it ... then from behind or above or somewhere we can hear what might be a low , low chuckle . Jimmy Bones ' chuckle . bone ( o.s. ) Dog eat dog , boy . Dog eat dog ... Patrick turn and spin in mount horror . there , behind he , right where cinnabar be stand ... the black dog . it leap right at the camera , fill the frame with huge tooth and bloody red tongue . we freeze . fade to black . end credit back