" bonnie &amp ; clyde " by David Newman &amp ; Robert benton fade in . int . bedroom . close - up of bonnie parker . day blonde , somewhat fragile , intelligent in expression . she be put on make - up with intense concentration and appreciation , apply lipstick and eye make -up . as the camera slowly pull back from the closeup we see that we have be look into a mirror . she be stand before the full - length mirror in she bedroom do she make -up . she overdo it in the style of the time : rosebud mouth and so forth . as the film progress she make - up will be refine until , at the end , there be none . the camera pull back and continue to move very slowly throughout the first part of this scene . as the camera continue to move away , we see , by degree , that bonnie be naked . her nudity be never blatantly reveal to the audience , but imply . that be , she should be " cover " in various way from the camera 's p.o.v. , but the audience must be aware of she exposure to clyde later in the scene . this be the only time in the film that she will ever be this expose , in all sense of the word , to the audience . her attitude and appraisal of herself here be touch with narcissism . the bedroom itself be a second -story bedroom in a lower - class frame house in West Dallas , Texas . the neighborhood be low income . though the room reveal its shabby surroundings , it also reveal a attempt by bonnie to fix it up . small and corny objet d'art be all over the top of the bureaus , vanity table , etc . ( Little glass figurine and porcelain statuette and the like . ) bonnie finish admire herself . she walk from the mirror and move slowly across the room , the camera move with she , until she reach the screen window on the opposite wall . the shade be up . there be no curtain . she look out the window , look down , and the camera look down with she . ext . bedroom . bonnie' p.o.v. day . over she shoulder , we see the driveway lead to the garage connect to the house . there be a old car park in the driveway , its window open . we see a man walk up the driveway , somewhat furtively . he be a rather dapper fellow , dress in a dark suit with a vest , a white collar , and a straw boater . it be clyde barrow . obviously , he be about to steal the car . he look it over , check around he to make sure no passer - by be come . he peer inside the front window to see if the key be in the ignition . he study the dashboard . bonnie continue watch , silently . finally she call out . 2 . bonnie hey , boy ! what you doin ' with my mama 's car ? ext . driveway . day . clyde , startle , jump and look to see who have catch he . obviously frighten , he look up and he face freeze at what he see . ext . window . clyde' p.o.v. day . we now see what he be look at : at the open window , reveal from the waist up , be the naked bonnie . she look down , a impudent half - smile on she face . she do not move or make any attempt to cover herself . ext . close - up of clyde - day - -- whose face change from astonishment to a answer smile of impudence . ( see what he have , he realize that this girl be clearly not go to scream for the police . already they be in a little game instigate by bonnie , size each other up , compete in a kind of playful arrogance . before they speak , they have become coconspirator . ) Close - up of bonnie , still smile . finally she speak . bonnie wait there ! int . bedroom . day . running from the window , she fling open a closet and grab a dress , and shoe . she slip on the shoe , and fling the dress on , run out the door as she do . the camera track with she , move as fast . as she run down the stair she button up the dress . ext . driveway . day . she fly out the door , slamm it behind she , run off the porch ( all this have be one continuous movement since she leave the window , in great haste ) and continue quickly into the driveway . four foot away from clyde , she stop on a dime . they stand there , look at each other , smile the same challenge . for a few second , no one speak , then : bonnie ( put she on ) ai not you ashamed ? tryin ' to steal a old lady 's automobile . 3. clyde ( with the same put - on ) I be thinkin ' about buyin ' I one . bonnie bull . you be not get money for dinner , let alone buy no car . clyde ( still the battle of wit go on ) now I get enough money for coke , and since it do not look like you be gonna invite I inside -- bonnie you would steal the dining room table if I do . clyde ( he move from he spot ) come to town with I , then . how would that be ? bonnie ( start to walk onto the sidewalk ) goin ' to work anyway . ext . STREET . moving shot . day . the camera track . it be a hot Texas afternoon , all white light and glare . as they walk the block to town in this scene , they manner of mutual impudence be still pervade . clyde goin ' to work , huh ? what do you do ? bonnie none of you business . clyde ( pretend to give it serious think ) I bet you be a ... movie star ! ( think ) no ... a lady mechanic ?... no ... a may ?-- bonnie ( really offended by that ) what do you think I be ? 4. clyde ( right on the nose ) a waitress . bonnie ( slightly startle by he accuracy , anxious to get back now that he be temporarily one - up ) what line of work be you in ? when you be not stealin ' car ? clyde ( mysteriously ) I tell you , I be lookin ' for suitable employment right at the moment . bonnie what do you do before ? clyde ( coolly , know its effect ) I be in State prison . bonnie State prison ? ( she show she surprise ) clyde yeah . bonnie ( herself again ) guess some little old lady be not so nice . clyde ( tough ) it be armed robbery . bonnie ( sarcastically ) my , my , the thing that turn up in the driveway this day . they reach the corner and turn . they be on : ext . MAIN STREET . day . --a small - town street of barber shop , cafe , grocery , etc . at the moment , it be desert . they continue walk down the empty street . clyde look the place over . track . 5 . clyde what do y'all do for a good time around here , listen to the grass grow ? bonnie guess you have a lot more fun up at State prison , huh ? clyde laugh , enjoy she repartee . they continue walk . at a hydrant , clyde stop . clyde ( show off , but seriously ) see this foot ? ( point at he right foot ) I chop two toe off of it . with a axe . bonnie ( shocked ) what ? why ? clyde to get off the damn work detail , that 's why . ( stop ) want to see ? bonnie ( a lady of some sensitivity ) no !... ( turn a cute ) I surely do not intend to stand here and look at you dirty foot in the middle of Main Street . they continue walk in silence past a few store , each plan what next to say . bonnie Boy , do you really do that ? clyde yeah . bonnie you must be crazy . dissolve to : 6 . ext . gas station . day . Gas station up the block . bonnie and clyde be see lean against the soft drink chest , they profile silhouett by the bright sun . they be drink coke . as they begin to talk , the camera move in closer to they . clyde take off he hat and rub the cold coke bottle across he forehead . bonnie watch he . bonnie what 's it like ? clyde prison ? bonnie ( very interested ) no , armed robbery . clyde ( he think it a silly question ) it 's ... I do not know ... it be not like anything . bonnie ( think she 's hear proof that he 's a liar ) hah ! I know you never rob bo place , you faker . clyde ( challenge ) oh , yeah ? ( study she , then make up he mind to show she ) close-up . gun. Day . he reach in he jacket and pull out a gun . the camera move to a closeup of the gun , glint in the sunlight . ext . STREET . day . the camera pull back to show bonnie look at it with fascination . the weapon have a immediate effect on she . she touch it in a manner almost sexual , full of repress excitement . bonnie ( goad he on ) yeah , well you get one all right , I guess ... but you would not have the gumption to use it . 7. clyde ( pick up the challenge , prove himself ) you just keep you eye open . ext . little grocery store across the STREET . day . the camera remain just behind bonnie 's shoulder so that throughout the follow scene we have bonnie in the picture , look at what we look at . clyde go into the little store . we remain outside with bonnie watch . for a minute nothing happen . we can barely see what be go on in the store . then clyde come out , walk slowly . in one hand he hold the gun , in the other a fistful of money . he get halfway , to bonnie and smile broadly at she , a smile of charm and personality . she smile back . the moment be intense , as if a spark have jump from one to the other . they relationship , which begin the minute bonnie spot he in the driveway , have now really begin . clyde have show he stuff and bonnie be " turn on . " suddenly the old man who run the grocery store come run out into the street , completely dumbfounded . he stand there and say nothing , yet he mouth move in silent protest . clyde point the gun above he and fire . it be the first loud noise in the film thus far and it should be a shock . the old man , terrify , run back into the store as fast as he can , clyde quickly grab bonnie 's hand . the camera swing with they as they turn and begin to run down the street . a few yard and the store disappear entirely . the landscape turn into that arid , flat and unrelieve western plain that begin where the town end . ext . store . at the edge of town . day . a car be park at the back of the store . as soon as they reach it , clyde motion and bonnie get in . clyde run to the front , lift up the hood and cross the wire to make it start . as he stand back , bonnie call to he : bonnie hey , what 's you name , anyway ? clyde ( he slam the hood ) clyde barrow . he run over to the door , open it , shove she over , and start up the engine . the entire sequence be play at a incredible rapid pace . 8. bonnie ( loud , to make herself hear over the gun motor ) hi , I be bonnie parker . please to meet you . ext . road . day . vroom ! the car zoom off down the road , do 90 . the fast country breakdown music start up on the sound track , go just as fast as the car . ext . car . day . the car , still speed , further down the road . we zoom down and look in the rear window . clyde be drive , we see from behind . bonnie be all over he , bite he ear , ruffling he hair , run she hand all over he -- in short , make passionate love to he while he drive . the thrill of the robbery and the escape have turn she on sexually . ext . car . another angle . day . the camera pull back and above the car . the car start to go crazy in a comical fashion , manifest to the audience just what be happen to the driver control it . the car swerve all over the road . the car come to a sudden halt . the car start again . it swerve this time almost right off the road before it straighten out . it jump and jerk . another car come down the road the other way and clyde 's car swerve so much as to make the other guy drive right off the road into the dirt . it be almost mack sennett stuff , but not quite that much . int . car . bonnie and clyde . day . bonnie grab the wheel and turn it sharply . ext . car . day . it hairpin off the road onto a shoulder beneath some tree . int . car . bonnie and clyde . day . -- still settling to a stop . bonnie and clyde appear to be neck heavily now , punctuate by bonnie 's squeal of passion as she squirm and hop about like a flea , try to get to clyde . the floor gear- shift be keep they body apart , however . in exasperation , bonnie take the gear shift and shove it forward out of they way . she plunge onto clyde , bury he from view . 9 . bonnie ( kissing , bite ) ... you ready ?... clyde ( muffle , laugh ) ... hey , wait ... bonnie ( giggle herself ) be not you ready ? well , get ready ! bonnie have obviously touch he . with savage coquetry she tear into she clothes and he . bonnie ( muffle ) c'mon , honey , c'mon , boy ... let 's go ... let 's ... clyde ( muffle ) hey ...hey , wait a minute ... quit that now , cut it out . ( sharply ) I say , cut it out ! he shove she rudely away , slamm she into the far car door . suddenly it look as if they have be fight . both unbuttone and unglue , they stare silently at one another , breathe heavily . clyde get out of the car , clearly shake . despite the fact that he may have encounter this situation many time before , it 's one that no twenty - one - year - old boy in 1932 be sophisticated enough to dismiss easily with bravado . bonnie remain seat in the car . she seem terribly vulnerable . she fumble about for a cigarette , too confuse to figure out what do not happen . clyde turn back and reach through the car window from the driver 's side , lighting it for she . bonnie cast clyde a fishy stare , then accept the light . clyde ( try to be casual , even insouciant ) look , I do not do that . it 's not that I can not -- ( he voice crack , the match burn he finger , and he bang he head onto roof of car , and he go right on ) -- it 's just that I do not see no percentage in it . ( more ) 10 . clyde ( cont 'd ) I mean there 's nothin ' wrong with I , I do not like boy . bonnie do not know what she think , and clyde be try to gauge she reaction -- whether she feel reject or repell . in fact , it 's both -- along with a little latent fascination . bonnie ( finally , spitting out smoke ) boy...boy ...boy ... clyde ( a little annoyed ) Boy , what ? bonnie you advertising be dandy . folk would just never guess you do not have a thing to sell . ( a little afraid ) you better take I home , now . clyde ( get back into car ) wait ! bonnie do not touch I ! she get out of car , leave clyde drape across the front seat , reach after she . clyde ( almost shouting ) if all you want 's stud service , then get on back to West Dallas and stay there the rest of you life ! this stop she . now clyde pour it on , with a almost maniacal exuberance that become more control as he get control of bonnie . clyde but you be worth more and that , a lot more , and you know it , and that 's why you come along with I . you could find a lover boy on every corner in town and it do not make a damn to they whether you be wait on table or pick cotton , so long as you cooperate . but it do make a damn to I ! 11 . bonnie ( turn , intrigue ) why ? clyde why ? because you be different ! you be like I and you want different thing . bonnie be hook now . clyde ( continue ) you and I travelin ' together , we could cut clean acrost this state , and Kansas , too , and maybe dip into Oklahoma , and Missouri or whatnot , and catch ourselves highpocket and a highheele ol ' time . we can be something ' we could never be alone . I will show you ... when we walk into the adolphus Hotel in San antone ' , you wearin ' a silk dress , they will be waitin ' on you and believe I , sugar , they be gonna know you last name . he stop , have begin to woo she to something more intense than a casual , physical coupling . bonnie when would you figure that all out ? clyde first time I see you . bonnie how come ? clyde ( intensely , with real honesty ) ' Cause you may be the best damn girl in Texas . close-up. bonnie . bonnie who be you , anyway ? CUT to : 12 . int . roadside cafe . bonnie and clyde . day . bonnie and clyde seat in booth , now c.u. clyde . the sound track bridge the scene : the question that bonnie have just ask be now suddenly rebutte by clyde , as he point a finger at she . clyde ( not answer she , prefer to lead the conversation ) I will tell you about you . he love do this and he do it well . the more he envision bonnie 's life , the more instinctively accurate he become . she grow more and more fascinate , like a child watch a mind reader . clyde lessee ... you be bear somewhere around East Texas ... get a big old family , right ?... you go to school , of course , but you do not take to it much ' cause you be a lot smarter than everybody else anyway . so you just quit . now ... ( think , play it for all it 's worth ) ... when you be sixteen ... no , seventeen , there be a guy who work in ...uh ... pull back take in bonnie , favor clyde . bonnie ( fascinate ) cement plant -- clyde right . cement plant . and you like he ' cause he think you be just as nice as you could be . you almost marry that guy , but then ... you think , no , you do not think you would . so you get you job in the cafe ... ( get closer to home now , hit they right in there ) and every morning you wake up and you hate it . you just hate it . and you get down there and you put on you white uniform -- 13 . bonnie ( enthralled ) pink . clyde and the truck driver come in to eat greasy burger and they kid you and you kid they back , but they be stupid and dumb , boy with big tattoo all over them , and you do not like it ... and they ask you for date and sometimes you go ... but you mostly do not , and all they ever try be to get into you pants whether you want to or not ... and you go home and sit in you room and think , when and how will I ever get away from this ?... and now you know . bonnie be half - mesmerize by he talk . a waitress come with they food . a cheap , gaudy dame , she have spit curl on each temple in the style of the time . clyde look at she and at bonnie , who also wear spit curl . as soon as the waitress leave : clyde ( point at she hair ) Change that . I do not like it . without a word of protest , bonnie immediately reach in she bag and take out a mirror . she hold it up and with the other hand , brushes back she spit curl into she hair . she never again wear they . when she have push they back she look at clyde for he approval . he nod he okay . she smile , put back she mirror and begin to eat she food . she 's ravenously hungry and eat with total concentration on she plate . clyde do not touch he food , just watch bonnie eat for a minute . clyde God , you be a knockout . ext . roadside cafe . day for dusk . clyde and bonnie emerge from the cafe into the early evening . they move toward the car they have steal . just beyond sit a new model car . bonnie be surprised to see clyde head toward the new car . bonnie hey , that be not ours . 14 . clyde sure it be . bonnie but we come in this one . clyde do not mean we have to go home in it . she walk amaze around the new car and get in beside he . he turn the key and they pull away from the cafe . int . abandoned farm house . a wide shot of the parlor live room . day . the room be bare . in the middle bonnie be waking , have sleep on a couple of car seat cover with a old piece of tatter blanket . there be window behind she . she look about bewilder . bonnie clyde ... she start to panic and run to the window . bonnie ( continue ) clyde ... at another window clyde appear . clyde hey , lady . bonnie ( chagrine at she fear ) where you be keep yourself ? clyde slept out by the car . bonnie oh ... this accommodation be not particularly deluxe . clyde no ... if they be after we , I want the first shot . come on , you get some work to do . bonnie move to the door and out of the house . 15 . ext . farm house . front yard . day . on the door be a sign which read : insert : property of midlothian citizen bank -- trespaspers will be prosecuted . Wide angle . across fence . Day . on the dilapidate picket fence six old bottle have be place . as bonnie join clyde he turn and fire six quick shot . the bottle disappear . bonnie you be good . clyde the best . bonnie and modest ... clyde come on . get you all set up over here . wider angle . they move around to the side of the building where clyde point to a tire hang by a rope from a tree . he mean that to be bonnie 's target . he hand she a gun . clyde set she spinnin' . bonnie fire . she miss . clyde again . come down slow with it ... bonnie fire again and hit the tire . she smile and blow the smoke from the barrel in pride and self - mockery . clyde ai not you something ? I tell you I be go to get you a Smith and wesson , it will be easier in you hand . now try it again once ... bonnie sight . as she be about to fire , a man appear around the corner of the building . a farmer . she fire and hit the tire . farmer heighdo . 16 . clyde whirl at the sound . he grab gun from bonnie because he be empty . he aim at farmer . farmer ( frighten ) no sir ... no sir . you all go right ahead . clyde watch he warily . farmer ( continue ) use to be my place . not any more . Bank take it . clyde and bonnie start to move toward the farmer . all three move around to the front of the building . at a distance we see a okie car load with belonging . a woman with a baby in arm sit in front . a smaller boy stand outside the car . farmer yessir , move we off . now it belong to they . ( he point at the foreclosure sign . ) bonnie well , that 's a pitiful shame . clyde shake he head sympathetically . he load the empty gun . farmer ( bitterly ) you be damned right , mar be . he look up to see a old negro who have come from a distance shack and now stand near clyde 's car . farmer ( nodd toward negro ) I and he put in the year here . yessir . so you all go right ahead . we just come by for a last look . he stand a moment look at the house and then turn around toward he family in the car . clyde and bonnie look after he . clyde spin and fire three fast shot into the fore- closure sign . the farmer stop and turn , look at clyde . clyde offer the gun to the farmer . he look at it , then accept it . he slowly take aim at the sign and fire . it please he . he look at clyde and bonnie who smile . 17 . farmer you all mind ? bonnie and clyde be puzzle . farmer hey , Davis ! come on over here . the negro move toward they . now bonnie understand . she take the second gun from clyde and hand it to davis . davis look from bonnie to the farmer and toward the house . the farmer fire again . this time at a window . he nod to davis . davis slowly raise the gun and fire at another window . it shatter and they can not keep from laugh . the farmer return the gun as do davis . farmer ( continue ) much oblige . he extend he hand . clyde shake it . farmer otis Harrison . and this here 's Davis . we work this place . clyde ( formally ) miss bonnie parker . and I be clyde barrow . across farmer 's car . Wide shot . Day . the farmer turn and move toward he people . davis move toward he shack . clyde and bonnie in the b.g . Close angle . bonnie and clyde . clyde ( continue ) we rob bank . bonnie turn quickly to look at clyde . he smile and nod . fade out . fade in . ext . a long , country road . day . a car be drive down it . it be the next day . bonnie be drive , clyde beside she . 18. int . car . day . clyde you just stay in the car and watch and be ready . ( he be play it cool , know she be scared . he think he 's James cagney ) okay now ? ( he hand she a gun from the glove compartment ) you just be ready if I need you . bonnie 's hand be tense on the wheel . her face show how nervous she be now that the time have come . clyde scare ? bonnie no . they drive in silence . clyde what be you thinkin ' about ? bonnie nothin ' . ext . business STREET of a little town . day . we be still in the car . bonnie pull over and stop by the bank . clyde be freeze in he seat . we can see that , for all he talk , he be scared , too . bonnie what be you waitin ' for ? that get he . clyde throw the door open and jump , practically dive out the door . the camera follow he motion right inside the bank , tracking very fast . int . bank # 1 . day . something be very screwy here . the bank be dark , the teller be half asleep over he book . clyde approach , thrust the gun at he . 19 . clyde ( with a swagger ) this be a stickup . just take it easy and nothin ' will happen to you . gimme the money . teller ( look up with no fear , he voice calm and conversational ) heighdy . clyde ( nonpluss at this ) gimme the money ! teller what money ? there be not no money here , mister . clyde ( totally befuddle at the turn of event ) what do you mean there be not no money ? this here be a bank , be not it ? the camera pan around the bank . we see that it be empty , dusty and shutter . teller this be a bank . we fail three week ago . clyde ( furious ) what ? what ?? in a rage , he go behind the partition , grab the teller and push he ahead with the gun . clyde be fume . he force the teller out the front door . ext . bank # 1 . day . -- show bonnie in the car . she be terrify as she see clyde and the teller come at she . she do not understand what be happen . clyde ( shove the teller forward ) tell she ! tell she ! 20 . teller ( act like a man who have have he sleep interrupt by lunatic ) as I be tellin' this gentleman , we bank fail last month and be not no money in it . I sure be sorry . bonnie 's reaction be one of hysterical relief and appreciation of what 's funny in the situation . she laugh uproariously , she can not stop laugh . this make clyde madder than ever . he shove the teller to the ground . int . car . day . completely humiliate , clyde get in the car , shove bonnie over . she be still laugh . bonnie start the car . clyde point he gun out the window . Close shot . Bank window -- whereon be lettere : asset - $ 70000 . int . car . clyde and bonnie . day . angle to include bank window . clyde aim and put a bullet through each of the zero . we see each zero shot through . then the entire window hang there for a second and suddenly crash . on the soundtrack , bonnie 's laughter . CUT to : int . car . day . -- still drive . bonnie have still not fully recover from she mirth , but be quieting down because she see that clyde be really mad and can not be push too far . clyde ( steaming ) we get $ 1.98 and you be laughin ' . she try to stop . ext . STREET . day . the car pull down another street of shop in another little hick town . a grocery store ahead . int . car . clyde keep it run . 21 . int . grocery store . day . there be a old clerk behind the counter , and stand in the b.g. , almost out of we vision , be a butcher -- a enormous giant of a man . clyde step up to the counter . clyde give I a loaf of bread , a dozen egg and a quart of milk . the clerk get the order and put it in a bag . he ring open the cash register preparatory to ask clyde for the money . clyde pull he gun . clyde this be a stickup . I will take all the money in that drawer now . he reach over the counter into the cash drawer and grab the bill . he smile . suddenly loom beside clyde be the butcher , brandish a meat cleaver . camera look up at this formidable sight as the cleaver come crash down , miss clyde and stick in the wooden counter . he grab clyde around the chest in a bear hug and actually lift he off the ground . the struggle be in silence . clyde be terrify , fight wildly to get free . the gun in clyde 's hand be pin , because the man have clyde 's arm pin to he thigh . clyde try to raise the barrel at a upward angle to shoot , finally he be able to do so . he fire . the bullet enter the butcher 's stomach . the butcher scream , but react like a wounded animal , more furious than ever . he still hold clyde in a fierce hug , staggering around the store , knock into shelf and spilling can . clyde be hysterical with fear . he shoot the butcher again . the butcher fall to he knee , but still he do not release clyde . in a panic , clyde drag the man to the door , try to get out . ext . grocery store . day . bonnie see clyde and the butcher hold he leg . she be terrify . clyde drag he out on the street . the butcher will not let go . clyde , in real panic , aim the gun at he head and fire . click . out of bullet . in blind fury , he pistol - whip the butcher 's head with two terrific swipe . finally the butcher let go . hysterical , clyde jump away and leap into the car on the other side . bonnie still at the wheel . clyde get the hell out of here ! they drive - off at top speed . 22. int . car . day . clyde be shake . he speak haltingly , panting ; try to get control of himself . clyde damn he , that big son of a bitch ... he try to kill I ... I be not get eye in back of my head ... I do not want to hurt he . it be not a real robbery ... some food and a little bit of dough . I be not against he . damn ! ext . speed car . day . the car be speed down a open road . suddenly it begin to buck and cough . there be something wrong with the motor . close shot . c.w. moss . ext . filling station . his cherubic cheek be puffed up as he blow into the fuel line of clyde 's car . there be a distinctly flat sound . reaction : clyde and bonnie . clyde stand by the hood . bonnie remain seat in the car . clyde be cover with sweat and grease -- clearly he have get in he lick on the engine without success . neither he nor bonnie seem impressed by the noise c.w. be make . another angle . c.w. -- as he screw back the fuel line and move between bonnie and clyde to the ignition , turn the engine over . it purr beautifully . clyde be astonished . clyde what be wrong , anyway ? c.w. ( move back to screw on gas cap ) Air bubble -- clogge the fuel line . c.w. now stand between bonnie and clyde . c.w. ( continue ) I just blow she away . clyde still can not get over it . clyde you just blow it away . c.w. belch . he be embarrassed before bonnie . 23. c.w. ' scuse I , mar be ... anythin ' else I can do for you ? clyde nod vigorously , look across c.w. 's back to bonnie . bonnie get the message . bonnie well ... I be not sure ... ( she look around ) say , they little red thing there stickin ' up ? be they gas pump ? c.w. ( he 's not too bright ) sure . bonnie be not that interesting ? how do that there gasoline get in my little old car ? c.w. ( try to be helpful ) well , y'see , there 's this tank underground , and the gas come up this tube into the pump and into you car , m'am . bonnie my , you be a smart fellow . you sure know a lot about automobile , do not you ? c.w. ( he have no idea he 's be toy with ) yeah , I do . bonnie well , would you know what kind of a car this be ? c.w. ( touch it ) yeah , it 's a chevrolet 8 - cylinder coupe . bonnie no , no . c.w. sure it be . 24 . bonnie no , this be a steal chevrolet 8 - cylinder coupe . c.w. jerk he hand off it as if he touch a hot stove . clyde ( get in the conversation ) you be not scared , be you ? ( to bonnie ) I believe he be . what a pity . we sure coulda use a smart boy who know such a great deal about automobile . ( suddenly business - like , to c.w. ) you a good driver , boy ? c.w. ( get quite confuse ) I guess so . clyde ( pretend to cool on he ) no , I do not think so . he 's better off here ... bonnie what 's you name , boy ? c.w. c.w. moss . bonnie what 's the c.w. for ? c.w. ( reluctantly ) clarence wallace . bonnie I be miss bonnie parker and this be Mr. clyde barrow . we ... rob ... bank . ( c.w. react with wide eye ) clyde ( swiftly , testing he mettle ) ai not nothing wrong with that , be there , boy ? 25 . c.w. ( nervously ) uh , nope -- bonnie ( with a put - on sigh ) no , he be not the one . clyde unless , Boy , you think you get enough gut for we line of work ? c.w. ( affront in he dumb way ) what do you mean ? I serve a year in the reform school . bonnie oh , a man with a record ! clyde ( laugh ) now look here , I know you get the nerve to short - change old lady who come in for gas , but what I be askin ' you be have you get what it take to pull bank job with we ? bonnie Mr. c.w. moss ? c.w. ( anxious to prove himself ) sure , I could . sure I could . I be not scared , if that 's what you think . clyde prove it . c.w. walk away from the car . camera remain where it be . we see he walk inside the gas station office , open the cash drawer , close it and come out . he emerge with a fistful of money . he walk over to bonnie 's window , stick he hand inside and drop the money on she lap . we see the bill flutter down . not a word be speak . bonnie move over into the middle . c.w. open the door and get in behind the wheel . for a moment we see they all sit there , each smile they little smile . clyde start to hum a hillbilly tune quietly . the sound track pick it up ( banjo and violin , etc. ) and as the music swell , they drive off down the road . 26 . int . hospital room . day . a small room with a bed . on it , cover by a sheet which hump like a mountain over he enormous stomach , be the butcher . his head be propped up on a pillow and he sip a liquid through a bent glass straw . camera be on the leave side of the head of the bed , see the butcher in a three - quarter profile . on the opposite side of the bed stand a uniform patrolman who be in the act of flash mug-shot photo for the butcher to identify he assailant . the lawman hold a stack of they in front of they , swiftly change the card like a grade - school teacher with she flash card . at each picture , the butcher grunt negatively and go on sip from he glass straw . one picture , two , three go by . the fourth picture be a mug shot of clyde . again the butcher grunt ' no , ' without hesitation . as the next picture come into view , we dissolve to : ext . motel . night . -- on a paint wooden sign , light by one attach light , which read : " motor court " . int . room in motor court . night . -- in darkness . camera be close on bonnie . she be awake and restless . o.s. come the measure snore that we will think come from clyde . bonnie raise up and kneel over clyde . she need he . clyde seem to snore on . camera drop between they and we see that the snore actually come from c.w. bonnie drop back on she pillow . we cut close on clyde . he be awake . int . cafe . day . bonnie , clyde and c.w. seat in a booth in a cafe . the waitress bring the food and serve everybody . we see c.w. with great concentration , as he do everything by relate to the immediate action he happen to be involved with , he take the sugar shaker and begin methodically sprinkle sugar over all he food . he sugar the meat , the bean , and the beet . bonnie and clyde watch this performance with first , amazement and second , disgust . they can not believe what they see . bonnie ( incredulously ) c.w. , what be you do ? why do you do that ? 27 . c.w. ( beginning to eat it ) why not ? bonnie it 's just disgusting , that 's why . c.w. ( chew ) not to I it be not . bonnie but ... but it make everything sweet ! c.w. yeah , I know . with a resign expression , bonnie turn away and begin to eat . suddenly a look of consternation cross c.w. 's face . c.w. damn ! no mayonnaise ! he get up and go down to the counter on the other end of the restaurant , out of we vision , apparently plan to put mayonnaise over the sugar . the minute he be out of earshot , bonnie get clyde 's attention . bonnie clyde , why do he have to stay in the same room as we ? clyde seem not to have hear the question . he take up the sugar shaker and spread a thin field of sugar on the dark table surface . he will sketch he plan in the sugar . clyde lemme show you about tomorrow . bonnie why ? clyde now c.w. will be waitin ' right outside in the car . here be the teller 's cage . four of they and over here the desk and what have you ... bonnie why , clyde ... clyde hmmm ?? 28 . bonnie in the same room with we ? clyde Hell , where else ? ai not gonna spread out all over the state ... the harshness of he tone concern he and he recover with a smile . clyde ( continue ) not yet , anyway . now , the door to the bank be here now . you cover I from there . bonnie ( take he hand to she face ) just that I love you so much . clyde you be the best damn girl in Texas . c.w. come back with the mayonnaise ; look at the table . c.w. hey , you spill the sugar . Three shot . clyde ( eat ) the layout for tomorrow up in mineola . c.w. mineola ? gosh , that 's four , five hundred mile from here ! clyde so what ? we take U.S. 85 to Willis Point , do not you know , and cut over on State highway 28 at Kaufman , keep on goin ' till we hit the farm - to -market road that connect to 105 and that 's right up by mineola . on a Saturday afternoon ... ext . SMALL kansas town . the car drive into a small Kansas town . it be Saturday afternoon , sunny . the street be fill with people , car , wagon . c.w. 29 . be drive , bonnie be in front with he , clyde be in the back . c.w. look scared to death at the idea of robbing a bank . the car pull up in front of the bank , double - park . bonnie and clyde get out . ext . car . day . clyde keep it run . bonnie and clyde enter bank . int . bank # 2 . day . cut to the interior of the bank . bonnie and clyde come in , assume the class position -- she at the door where she can cover the bank , clyde at the first teller 's cage . clyde ( in a very quiet voice ) this be a stickup . teller what ? clyde this be a stickup . this time everyone in the bank hear it . the people gasp and pull back . clyde slowly edge toward the door and prod bonnie forward . she carry a paper sack . clyde motion she to go from cage to cage and get all of the money . bonnie begin do so , while clyde keep he gun train on everybody . we see bonnie get the money from the first teller , the second teller , then ... ext . SMALL town STREET . day . a car park in a tight spot have just pull out . Close -up c.w. Day -- who suddenly look delighted to see a parking space . ext . car - STREET . day . immediately he methodically begin to back in . it 's a tight spot and he have to cut the wheel , pull forward , cut some more , pull back and so on . the scene , for the audience , should be nervous and funny . CUT to : 30 . int . bank # 2 . day . Inside the bank , bonnie and clyde have fill the sack . they run out the door , the camera track with they . ext . SMALL town STREET . day . they run for where the car be , but it be not there . then they see c.w. have park it . int . car . day . clyde let 's go ! let 's go ! c.w. suddenly realize what a stupid thing he 's do . ext . car . STREET . day . c.w. try to shoot out of the parking spot , but he can not . he have to go through the business of back up , cut the wheel and all of it . the scene be one of pure pandemonium and chaos . int . car . clyde come on ! get it out ! ext . car . day . a policeman arrive and begin fire at car . c.w. get the car halfway out of the spot , scraping fender in the process , and the car be almost out when suddenly a face loom up at the window - - a dignify , white - haire , celluloid - collare man , obviously a bank official who have leap onto the run board . his scream can barely by distinguished from all the noise . man stop ! clyde fire through the window . Close - up ( special effect ) . the face of the man explode in blood . then he drop out of sight . ext . car . day . the car shoot off down the road , do ninety . Police be fire at the escape car ; bonnie and clyde be shoot out the back window ; c.w. be almost have a nervous breakdown at the wheel . 31 . ext . STREET . a movie house . day . a police car that have be chase clyde and bonnie 's car come down the street . it be obvious that the cop have lose they . they be search the street for a sign of clyde 's car . they pass a movie house whose marquee read : " golddiggers of 1933 . " they slow for a moment , decide that be not a probable place to look . they drive off . int . movie house . wide across audience at screen . the open musical sequence of " golddigger " be on the screen . Ginger Rogers sing " we be in the money . " among the audience we can not make out we three people . it be a small audience and thinly disperse . tight shot at audience . camera pan the audience while on the track we hear the music of the song . first of we group who become visible be c.w. he be stare at the screen and eat bite from a candy bar in each hand . camera pan further and we see that clyde be in the row behind c.w. and a few seat to one side . clyde be nervous and keep watch the entrance door . he be in a rage . he shift in he seat . clyde Boy , you gotta be poor in the head . you ...! Count of you I kill a man . murder ... you too . shot from behind clyde . shoot toward screen . clyde ( continue ) Dumb ass stupid . c.w. turn to clyde and nod agreement . this infuriate clyde even more . he slap the back of c.w. 's head . clyde ever do a dumb thing like that again , I will kill you boy ! angle at bonnie . she have be watch the movie ; be now disturb by the noise . she turn back to clyde from she seat on the aisle . bonnie ssshh ! if you boy want to talk why do not you go outside ? she smile at she joke and turn back to the screen to the movie which she be obviously enjoy enormously . 32 . int . cheap motel bathroom . close - up bonnie . day . on the right of the screen , f.g. , bonnie stand at the sink fix she make - up in the mirror . the make - up have become more conservative . on the leave , further back , be a bathtub and in it sit c.w. his head and knee peek over the gray , soapy water . he be engage with he usual single - minded concentration , in wash himself , carefully scrubbing he arm , not a think in he head . bonnie finish she make - up and regards herself quizzically , tilting she head to look at herself at different angle . she be smoking a cigarette , and really , study herself . bonnie what do you think of I , c.w .? c.w. uh ... well , you be just fine , I guess . uh , well , course you be a real good shot ... and ...uh... well , sometimes you look pretty as a painting . camera stay with bonnie during all this , watch she look at herself as she listen to c.w. 's evaluation . she have a narcissistic concern at the moment and as she hear he enumerate she value , she think about each in turn and decide yes , that 's true . c.w. hey , uh , bonnie ... could you get I that washrag there ? responding automatically , bonnie turn and walk to a towel rack , pull the washcloth off and start toward c.w. when suddenly she stop with a smile on she face and a sudden motion . teasingly , she hold the washcloth out at arm 's length . bonnie ( coyly ) why 'ot you come get it ? c.w. ( not even realize what 's on she mind ) huh ? bonnie ( wiggling the washcloth like a bull - fighter 's cape ) why not you come get it , c.w.? 33. suddenly c.w. look mortally embarrassed as he realize what that would entail . c.w. aw , bonnie , come on , gimme it . bonnie try another tack . she begin saunter over slowly , teasingly , still hold out the treasure washcloth . bonnie ( pertly ) all right , I will bring it myself . as she move closer to the tub , c.w. realize that she will be able to peer down into the tub and see he and he frantically reach up with one hand and yank the washcloth into the tub , cause a great splash . bonnie , somewhat the victim of the splash , jump back and away . recovering she composure , she look at c.w. who be slunk down in the tub like a gross September morn . she have try he and he have fail ; she realize now that he be no choice for she ; no real man , even if he might perform sexually . he be a lump . this irritate she ; he very presence be demean to herself and clyde . bonnie ( irritate with herself for even think of such a thing ) you simpleton , what would you do if we just pull out some night while you be asleep ? c.w. ( try to give the right answer , but obviously fake it ) oh , I would not know what to do . but you would not do that . you could not now . bonnie realize , with some weariness , the inevitable truth of what he 's say ; thus resign , she say patronizingly : bonnie that 's right , c.w . we will always be around to take care of you . pointedly , she throw she cigarette in he bath - water , " sssssssssss . " she turn and leave the bathroom , slamm the door behind she . 34 . int . bedroom . camera go with she into the connect bedroom . clyde be sit on the edge of the bed clean the gun and oiling they . he be quiet and preoccupy and take no note of bonnie 's present condition . the moment she enter , he look up . clyde ( quietly ) bonnie , I want to talk to you . sit down . bonnie sit , a little take off balance by he serious manner . but she listen quietly . clyde ( continue ) this afternoon we kill a man and we be see . now nobody know who you be yet , but they be go to be after I and anybody who 's runnin ' with I . now that 's murder now and it 's gonna get rough . ( bonnie nod . clyde continue speak carefully and gently . ) look , I can not get out , but right now you still can . you say the word and I will put you on the bus to go back to you mother . ' Cause you mean a lot to I , honey , and I be not go to make you run with I . so if you want , you say the word . bonnie , move by he offer , have tear in she eye . clyde ( as he pause ) why ? we be not gonna have a minute 's peace . bonnie do not like he in this mood . she try to josh he out of it . bonnie oh , pshaw . clyde ( try to make she see the seriousness of it ) bonnie , we could get kill . 35 . bonnie ( death have no reality for she ) who would wanna kill a sweet young thing like I ? clyde ( amused in spite of himself ) I be not no sweet young thing . bonnie oh , clyde , I can not picture you with a halo , and if you go to the other place you would rob the Devil blind , so he would kick you right back to I . close-up . clyde -- touch deeply , realize that this be a lovely thing to say to he . int . motel bedroom . they kiss . they be near the bed on which be some gun that clyde have be clean . the kiss move toward real love make . they be on the bed and push the gun aside . some fall to the floor . clyde break the embrace after it have reach a high pitch . he move away from the bed toward the window . bonnie follow he and embrace he from the rear . they be miserable . bonnie frees he and return to the bed . she fall on it face down . a gun press into she face . clyde sit in the window , the light silhouettes he . he turn he face toward the glass and rest he head on the window pane . bonnie turn to he from bed . she smile a comforting smile at he . she roll over onto she back . the gun be now under she head and move it . she sit up and gesture to clyde . he remain at the window . she stare at he . she look toward the bathroom . she look back at clyde . she be move and pain for he . she touch she cheek with the gun and wait for he to be able to look at she . finally he do . her look ease he and he almost smile . int . buck' car . day . shot of little fuzzy doll tie by a white shoestre to the rear-view mirror of a car . the car be move ; the doll be bounce up and down . in the front seat be buck and blanche barrow . buck be a jovial , simple , big-heart man . a little chubby , give to raucous joke , knee -slapping and broad reaction . he be , in many way , the emotional opposite of he brother . it do not take much to make he happy . blanche , he wife , be the direct opposite of bonnie . 36 . she be a housefrau , no more and no less , not terribly bright , not very ambitious , cuddly , simper , madly in love with buck and desirous of keep they life on the straight and narrow . as the scene begin we hear and then see buck , drive , sing " the great speckle Bird . " blanche be sit next to he look at a movie magazine , appear fairly miserable . buck ( sing ) " what a beautiful think I be think concernin ' that great speckle bird , remember he name be record on the page of God 's Holy word ... " blanche all right , now you do foolish thing as a young man , honey - love , but you go and pay you debt to society and that be right . but now you just gettin ' back in with the criminal element . buck criminal element ! this be my brother , darlin' . shoot , he be not no more criminal than you be , blanche . blanche well , that be not what I hear . buck now word of mouth just do not go , darlin ' , you gotta have the fact . shoot . why he and I grow up together , sleep and work side by side . ( laugh ) God , what a boy he be ! blanche he 's a crook . buck ( chidingly ) now you stop bad -mouthin ' he , blanche . we be just gonna have we a little family visit for a few week and then we will go back to Dallas and I will get I a job somewhere . ( more ) 37 . buck ( cont 'd ) I just be not gonna work in you daddy 's church -- that 's final . ( laugh it off , sing ) " what a beautiful think I be think concernin ' that great speckle bird ... " CUT to : ext . cabin . the front of the motel . day . buck 's car drive up to the cabin , honk the horn wildly . the door of the cabin open and clyde come run out . he be overjoy to see he brother . buck jump out of the car , equally delighted . they hug each other . clyde ( hugging he ) Buck ! buck clyde ! you son of a bitch ! they laugh happily and begin sparring with each other , fake punch and block punch -- a old childhood ritual . there be a great feel of warmth between the two brother . clyde be more outgo than we have ever see he before . clyde how 's mar ? how 's sister ? buck just fine , just fine . send they best to you . clyde ( patting Buck 's stomach ) hey , you be fillin ' out there . must be that prison food . buck Hell no ! ( laugh ) it 's marry life . you know what they say , it 's the face powder that get a man interested , but it 's the baking powder that keep he at home . ( more ) 38 . buck ( cont 'd ) ( he explode with laughter and so do clyde , who love Buck 's joke ) hey ! you gotta meet my wife . hey , honey , c'mon out here now and meet my baby brother . camera swing to car . we see blanche still sit there , she face obscure by the glint of sun on the windshield . slowly , she get out of the car , still carry the movie magazine . blanche ( suspiciously , quite the grand lady ) howdy -do . clyde ( shaking she hand ) howdy -do . it 's real nice to know you . buck beam with pleasure , think they must like each other . bonnie come out of the cabin , stand on the step . the screen door slam behind she . close-up . bonnie . Day -- expressionless , look it all over . ext . cabin . buck and clyde notice nothing of this . buck bound over to bonnie , all jollity . buck ( grab she ) well ! you must be bonnie ! now I hear you be takin ' good care of the baby in the family . well sis , I be real glad to meet you ! ( he hug she ; bonnie just let herself be hugge ) say ... ( break the hug ) I would like you to meet my wife , blanche . bonnie ( stiffly ) hello . 39 . blanche ( stiffly ) hello . there be a awkward pause . suddenly the screen door open and c.w. come out , dress in he long underwear . blanche can hardly stand it . clyde everybody , this be c.w. moss. c.w. , my brother Buck and he wife , blanche . c.w. ( friendly ) heighdy , y'all . he pump buck 's hand vigorously and then go to blanche . with he characteristic one - track intensity , he decide to act just as friendly as he can with blanche , ignore the fact that he 's stand there in he underwear . blanche , however , be not ignore it . c.w. well how do , Mrs. barrow . or can I call you blanch ? I sure be pleased to meet you . ( shaking she hand ; blanche be slowly go crazy with mortification ) do you have a hard time findin ' we here in this neck of the wood ? well , you sure pick a good day for it . say , you get a screenland there ! any new photo of myrna loy ? she 's my favorite picture star . blanche be start to edge over to buck in sheer panic at this strange , young man in he bvd 's but c.w. take no notice of it . blanche finally grab buck 's arm . bonnie watch it all , smirk . buck hey , lemme get the kodak ! buck go to he car and get a fold brownie camera . clyde ( lighting up a cigar ) hey , c.w. , go put you pants on . we be gonna take some picture . 40 . buck y'all hear about the guy who think western Union be a cowboy 's underwear ? buck and clyde and c.w. laugh heartily . c.w. go into the cabin . buck push blanche and clyde together , pose they for a picture . bonnie lemme get one of my bride and my brother . blanche ( get kittenish , and overdo it ) Buck ! do not take my picture now . I be just a mess from drive all day . buck oh honey , now you look real fine . bonnie watch blanche 's behavior with hardly - veile disgust . buck snap the picture as blanche be just about to move out of it . blanche ( with unbecome girlish outrage ) do you take my picture ? oh Buck ! I declare -- buck laugh and go to bonnie , take she by the arm and move she next to clyde and blanche . he line they up , step back and take they picture . clyde be the only one smile . clyde ( pull out he gun and pose like a movie tough ) hey , Buck , get one of this . buck do . buck ( give clyde the camera ) clyde , you do one of I and my missus . he put he arm around blanche . clyde take the picture . 41 . clyde ( throw she a challenge ) let I take on of bonnie . bonnie grin at he and respond with amused arrogance . bonnie ( she yank the cigar from clyde 's mouth , smoke it and pose ) okay . clyde snap the picture . everyone but blanche laugh . c.w. come out dress . buck ( draw clyde aside ) hey , brother , let 's you and I do a little talkin' . clyde ( hand c.w. the camera ) here , c.w. , take the girl ' picture . int . cabin . day . they walk into the cabin . camera go with they . bedroom be dark , shade pull down . there be a aura of boy ' clubhouse secret camaraderie in the follow scene : buck ( as soon as the door be shut ; conspiratorially ) it be you or he , be not it ? clyde huh ? buck that guy you kill . you have to , do not ya ? clyde ( they be protect each other ) yeah , he put I in a spot , so I have to . he do not have a chinaman 's chance . buck but you have to -- clyde yeah . I have to . 42 . buck ( like two kid keep a secret from Mom ) do not say nothin ' to blanche about it . clyde hey , that time you break out of jail , she talk you into goin ' back ? buck ( it be obvious he have hope clyde have not know about it ) yeah , you hear about that ? clyde I will not say nothin ' to bonnie about it . buck I appreciate it . clyde yeah ... say , what d'ya think of bonnie ? buck she 's a real peach . there be now a long pause - - a lull in the conversation , as if they ask each other all the question and be now out of thing to say . it be too much for buck , the natural enemy of silence , who suddenly clap he hand together and burst out animatedly : buck Boy , be we gonna have we a good time ! clyde ( match he merriment ) we surely be ! buck yessir ! ( a pause , then : ) what be we gonna do ? clyde well , how 's this -- I think we would all go to Missouri . they be not lookin ' for I there . we will hole up someplace and have we a regular vacation . all right ? 43. buck no trouble , now ? clyde no trouble . I be not lookin ' to go back to prison . buck hey , what 's this I hear about you cuttin ' up you toe , boy ? clyde ( ironically ) that be not but half of it . I do it so I could get off work detail -- breakin ' that damned rock with a hammer day and night . sure enough , next week I get parole . I walk out of that god -forsaken jail on crutch . buck shoot -- clyde ai not life grand ? ext . road . day . we see the two car , one behind the other , drive down a main road . int . first car . day . clyde be drive . buck sit next to he . no one else be in the car . buck and the doc , he take he aside , say , " Son , you old mama just gettin ' weak and sickly layin ' there . I want you to persuade she to take a little brandy , y'know , to pick she spirit up . " " why , doc , " he say , " you know my mamma be a teetotaler . she would not touch a drop . " " well , I tell you what , " the doc say , " why do not you bring she a fresh quart of milk every day from you farm , ' cept you fix it up so half of it 's brandy and do not let on ! " so he do that , doctor it up with brandy , and he mamma drink some of it . ( more ) 44 . buck ( cont 'd ) and the next day he bring it again and she drink some more -- and she keep it up every day . finally , one week later , he bring she the milk and do not you know she just shallow it all down , and look at she bag and say , " Son , whatever you do , do not sell that cow ! " clyde and buck explode in laughter . int . second car . day . at the top of the laugh , cut to the int. of the second car , riding right in back of they . the atmosphere be completely unlike the cozy and jolly scene precede . we have dead silence . bonnie be drive , smoking a cigarette , grim . blanche --seated as far away as she can get from bonnie without fall out of the car -- make a face at the cigarette smoke , roll down the window for air . c.w. 's in the back seat , just stare . CUT to : ext . garage apartment . day . a residential street in joplin , Missouri , show a garage apartment above a double garage . camera see buck talk to a dapper go with key in he hand . buck pay he . the man tip he hat and walk off . buck gesture and clyde drive a car into the driveway . c.w. follow , drive buck 's car with blanche . clyde stop beside buck . buck lean into clyde 's car and say : buck I give he a month 's rent in advance . we be all set . let 's get inside . clyde call back to c.w. in the follow car . clyde pull up and unload the stuff . buck ( on the run board of move car ) honey -love , I be take you into we first home . blanche giggle . the two car pull up before the garage and the people start to descend . 45 . int . garage apartment . day . a wind buck enter and put down blanche . as other behind he carry in they thing and disperse throughout apartment . blanche oh look , it 's so clean , Buck . and a frigidaire ... not a icebox ! buck he give I the grocery number . he go to the phone . buck ( continue ) lemme see , eh 4337 ... Operator ... please mar be , may I have 4337 ... if you please ? blanche oh ... they get linoleum on the counter . ai not that clever ! buck hello , smitty 's grocery ... I would like to order a mess of grocery . oh yeah ...eh 143 hillsdale Street . lessee , about 8 pound of porkchop , 4 pound of red bean ... a can of chase and sandborn ...uh . blanche oh , be not this something , daddy ! buck sshh . uh... quart of milk ...uh 8 bottle of Dr. pepper and that 's it , I guess . no ...no . uh...a box of Rice krispy ... bye now . CUT to : int . live room . day . open on bonnie and clyde . he be clean gun . she be watch something off screen . we hear a click sound . blanche ( o.s. ) my , you need a haircut , daddy . you look like a hillbilly boy . 46 . a look of disgust cross bonnie 's face . clyde , who have be watch she , smile . the click sound increase suddenly . buck ( o.s. ) gotcha ! blanche whoops . camera cut to see that buck and c.w. be play checker and buck have just beat he . c.w. again . buck Boy , you be not never gonna beat I but you keep tryin ' now . he start to set up the game again . blanche jest like a ol ' man . Plays checker all the time and do not pay any attention to he poor lonely wife . she ruffle he hair again . buck cut it out now , honey . I be gonna teach this boy a lesson he will never forget . camera cut to bonnie , watch with disgust . then slowly , a wick little smile edge across she face . she watch for a moment more , then she rise and with the most ingenuous look she can muster up , beckon to clyde to follow she into the bedroom . a little puzzle , clyde follow . int . bedroom . bonnie close the door and immediately begin fussing with clyde 's hair , do a scathing imitation of blanche . though she miming express she irritation at be closete with the barrow menage , it be also a peach do a imitation of a lemon - - and it be disarmingly sensual ... indeed the mimicry allow bonnie to be physically freer with clyde , and allow clyde to respond without anxiety , without self - consciousness . we should have the distinct -- if momentary -- feel that clyde could suddenly make it with bonnie . 47 . bonnie ( do a unmerciful imitation ) oh , daddy , you shore need a haircut . you look just like a little old hillbilly boy , I do declare . ( she have she other hand toy with the button on he shirt , she hand slip under , flutter across he bare chest ) oh mercy I , oh my star ! clyde laugh , and bonnie tug at the shirt -- she kneel on the bed over clyde , who quite easily drape across it . bonnie ( a little louder ) oh , daddy ! yore such a slowpoke ! she 's let she hair fall loose , its golden end brush up and down clyde 's body . clyde ( amused , but cautionary ) hush up a little . they be in the next room . bonnie ( a mock -pout , but with a edge to it ) shoot , there 's always somebody in this room , the next room and ever ' other kind of room . clyde have he arm around bonnie , and she 's almost drape across he -- but in the direction of the length of the bed , so they body almost form a crooked cross . she dig a elbow into he stomach . clyde oof !... now that be not no nice way to talk about my brother . bonnie ( imitate blanche again with baby talk ) I be not talk about you brother . suddenly bonnie straighten up to a kneel position again , and cock she head . when she speak now it be with a simple plaintiveness . 48 . bonnie honey , do you ever just want to be alone with me? ( sense clyde 's sensitivity to the sexual implication ) I do not just mean like that ... I mean do you ever have the notion of we bein ' out together and alone , like at some fancy ball , or , I do not know , where we walk in all dress and they announce we and it 's fancy and in public , but we be alone somehow . we be separate from everybody else , and they know it . clyde look up to bonnie , affectionately . he run he hand carelessly down she body . clyde I always feel like we be separate from everybody else . bonnie ( it 's terribly important to she ) do you , baby ? suddenly there be a ring at the door . bonnie and clyde freeze . int . live room . bonnie and clyde run out into the live room , camera go with they . bonnie ( to all ) quiet ! I will get it . bonnie go down the stair and reach the front door . bonnie who be it ? voice Grocery , m'am . ext . garage apartment . she open the door . a young man be there with the two big sack of grocery . 49 . bonnie how much ? young man six dollar and forty - three cent . bonnie pay he and go to take the bag from he . young man here , m'am , they bag be heavy . let I carry them up for you . bonnie ( curtly ) no thanks , I will take them . she take the heavy bag and heft they up and turn and walk up the stair . they be obviously very heavy for she . closeup the delivery boy 's face , look puzzle at this behavior . bonnie reach the top step , and voice be hear . buck' voice what be it ? clyde' voice quiet . open the door . bonnie c'mon , c'mon ... close-up . the delivery boy . a look of suspicion come across he face . dissolve to : int . garage apartment . Close - up of bonnie -- seat in the live room . bonnie ( read from a pad ; in a recital voice ) it 's call " the ballad of suicide sal . " ( she pause for effect ; then begin : ) " we each of we have a good alibi for be down here in the ' joint ' ; but few of they really be justified if you get right down to the point . you have hear of a woman 's glory be spend on a downright cur ' . " 50 . buck' voice ( o.s. ) you write that all by yourself ? bonnie you want to hear this or not ? as she read , the camera pan around the room pick out everyone 's reaction . clyde be look and listen seriously . buck be grin . c.w. be blank . blanche be in the kitchen cooking . bonnie " still you can not always judge the story as true , be tell by she . now ' sal ' be a gal of rare beauty , though she feature be coarse and tough - - " buck yeah , I know she . she be cockey and have a hare - lip and no tooth ! bonnie flash he a look that could kill . he shut up fast . she continue : bonnie " now ' sal ' be a gal of rare beauty , though she feature be coarse and tough ; she never once falter from duty to play on the 'up and up ' . " still listen , clyde get up from he chair and walk slowly past the live room window . the camera angle slightly above he , see down the street . we see two police car quietly pull up . one of they park sideways in the driveway to block escape from the garage , the other stay on the street . clyde turn and look out the window . bonnie ( o.s. as we see out the window ) " sal tell I this tale on the evening before she be turn out free , and I will do my best to relate it just as she tell it to I -- " clyde ( see it ) it 's the law . 51 . as soon as clyde call out , blanche drop the fry pan on the floor and begin scream . camera cut back to the live room . everyone else leap into action . gun begin blaze from everywhere ; we rarely see who be shoot at whom . ext . garage apartment . day . the police , down the stair into the garage - - we follow they with a hand -held camera tracking rapidly . ext . STREET . day . blanche , however , in utter panic , just run right out the front door , and begin run down the quiet residential street , go nowhere , anywhere . ext . garage apartment . day . buck , crouching , shoot with one hand , get the garage door open . a policeman fire . buck fire back and the cop fall dead in the street . buck , fire , dash to the police car block they escape and release the hand brake . clyde , bonnie and c.w. leap into they car , gun the motor , still shoot madly . two more police fall dead or wounded . one policeman be hurl through a fence by the blast of a saw - off shotgun . buck jump into the car with the other . they now begin to bump the police car with they car . the police car pick up speed as they push it and it tear into the street right at the group of fire police . the gang 's car turn into the street toward the run blanche . bonnie and clyde be in front ; buck and c.w. in the back seat fire back at police . the car pull alongside the wildly run blanche ; the back door be flung open and in almost the style of a cartoon , two hand reach out and lift she off she foot and pull she into the car . they speed away . CUT to : int . car . day . the inside of the car , still speed . blanche be hysterical . c.w. be still fire out the window . the pursue police car 's driver be shot and the car crash into a tree . the gang be not be pursue now , but clyde be drive at 90 . blanche be moan and cry . bonnie , in front , turn around furiously . bonnie dammit , you almost get we kill ! 52 . blanche ( cry ) what do I do wrong ? I s'pose you would be happier if I get shot . bonnie ( at she bitchiest ) yeah , it would of save we all a lot of trouble . blanche Buck , do not let that woman talk to I like that ! buck ( catch in the middle of a bad situation , know blanche be wrong , but try to soothe she ) you should not have do it , blanche . ( quietly , cont . ) it be a dumb thing to do . blanche ( switch tactic ) please , Buck , I do not marry you to see you shot up ! please , let 's go ! let 's get out of here and leave . make he stop the car and let we out ! buck ( still quietly ) can not . I kill a man . we be in this now . blanche ( loud and shrill ) please ! please ! bonnie ( explode ) shut up ! just shut up you big mouth ! at least do that , will ya , just shut up . clyde cut it out , bonnie . bonnie be affront . blanche continue sobbing . bonnie ( curtly ) stop the car . I want to talk to you . 53. without a word , clyde stop the car . ext . roadside . day . bonnie and clyde get out and walk fifteen foot away from the car . both be irritate and touchy . camera follow they . clyde ( coldly ) what be it ? bonnie get rid of she . clyde can not do that . she 's Buck 's wife . bonnie ( snap she word ) get rid of both of they then . clyde why ? what 's the matter with you anyway ? bonnie she 's what 's the matter with I , a damn stupid back country hick without a brain in she head . ( contemptuously ) she be not nothin ' but prune and proverbs . clyde ( really piss - off at bonnie ) what make you any better ? what make you so damn special ? you be just a West Dallas waitress who spend half you time pickin ' up truck driver ! this hit home with bonnie . he have say the unforgivable . bonnie ( raise she voice ) you talk to I like that ! Big clyde barrow , just the same as you brother , a ignorant uneducate hillbilly . ( with deadly archness ) only special thing about you be you peculiar idea about lovemakin' -- which be no love makin ' at all . 54 . clyde stiffen . the two of they stand silent and tense , almost quivering with anger . they have stripped each other raw . clyde turn and look back at the car . everyone be wait , watch they . he breathes a deep sigh , like a man count to 10 to hold he temper . clyde look , bonnie -- he can not finish . Close . bonnie . she drop she head into she hand for a moment , come up a little more relaxed . she look at clyde and she eye reflect the realization of the pain she have inflicted on he . she soften . bonnie clyde ...honey ... I do not mean all that , honey . blame it on all that shootin ' , I just feel so bad ... sure enough ... clyde ? clyde okay ... okay , hon ... let 's get movin ' ... he turn and begin walk back to the car . bonnie walk alongside he . on the few step back , she regains all she dignity and act aloof from the other wait for she . she reach the car . clyde open she door for she and she get in like a great lady . he walk around to he side , get in , and they drive off . wide shot . ext . car . day . a very wide shot . we see clyde 's car drive along a wood road . for a moment that be all we see , then we should become aware that far in the distance another car be follow clyde 's . Close . rural mail box . on the opposite side of the road , clyde 's car swing across the road and clyde , who be drive , snatch a newspaper which protrude from the box and hand it into the car . they drive out of the shot . camera hold and soon the follow car enter the shot . the man drive be a Texas ranger . he drive slowly . he drive out of the shot . int . clyde' car . buck be read from the paper . 55 . buck ( jubilantly ) hey , y'all , listen to this here : Law enforcement officer throughout the Southwest be frankly amaze at the way in which will - of- the-wisp bandit clyde barrow and he yellow - haire companion , bonnie parker , continue to elude they would - be captor . since engage the police in a gun battle on the street of joplin Missouri and slay three of they number ... blanche oh , Lord ... we notice clyde be wince . buck ... the barrow gang have be report as far West as White City , New Mexico , and as far north as Chicago . they have be credit with robbing the mesquite Bank in the aforementioned White City , the j.j. landry oil refinery in Arp , Texas , the sanger City National Bank in Denton , Texas on three different occasion . in addition to this robbery , the fast travel barrow have be rumor to have have a hand in the robbing of two piggly wiggly store in Texas , and one a&amp ; p store in Missouri , though Chief percy hammond , who first identify clyde barrow 's brother , Buck , as a member of the gang , express some doubt that this last robbery be commit by the barrow gang alone . bonnie go on . c.w. ( finally ) clyde , we be not goin ' to see a restroom for another thirty mile . why do not you just stop here ? clyde look relieved . 56 . ext . wooded area . day . he pull the car to a stop , get out and go off into the wood . we watch he vanish behind the tree . int . car . buck still scan the newspaper . buck ( with a laugh ) hey now , here 's something ! listen here : Lone cop arrest two officer in hunt for barrow . Police Officer Howard Anderson 's heart turn faster than he motorcycle when he force to the side of the road a roaring black V - 8 sedan in which be three man and a blondhead woman yesterday afternoon . everybody laugh . as buck continue to read , he voice remain on the soundtrack . ext . car . the camera go outside the car and pull back , way back , to reveal a police car quietly drive up behind the car . the car stop a good distance away and one man get out , the only occupant of the car . he be tall , dress in the uniform of the Texas Ranger . he draw he gun and slowly approach the car from the rear . on the soundtrack buck 's voice continue ; as we see all this take place . buck when he see several machine gun in the car he be certain he would catch clyde barrow , bonnie parker , and maybe Buck barrow and the third unidentified member of the gang . it take a lot of telephon and explain to convince the motorcycle cop that he captive be two highway patrolmen and a blonde-haire stenographer from the highway patrol - - . haw ! haw ! ( everybody bust up with laughter ) in the meantime , on screen , the lawman be slowly approach the back of the car . suddenly , cut to shot of clyde come out of the wood , behind the lawman . his gun be tuck in he pants . in a second , he see what be happen . 57 . buck 's voice be continue : buck Anderson be hold up as a example for every other Texas peace officer today . " that be a mighty brave thing , " explain highway patrol Chief l.c. Winston . clyde whip out he gun . the follow scene be play exactly like a classic fast - draw in a heroic western . clyde sheriff ! bryce spin around . both man fire instanteously , but clyde have the draw on he , and the aim . the gun go fly from the sheriff 's hand . a really razzle - dazzle display of grandstand marksmanship from clyde . immediately the gang leap from the car and surround the man , gun draw . c.w. Boy ! what a shot , clyde ! buck sweet Jesus , I never see shootin ' like that ! the gang grab the man and take he handcuffs from he belt . clyde make he lean on the car 's hood , arm extend , leg spread , while he frisk he . in general , everyone be excited over the capture . bonnie take the sheriff 's gun and delicately place it on the radiator grill like a object d'art . clyde ( examine the man 's wallet , really surprised ) well , now , getta load of this . I want y'all to know we be in the custody of cap and Frank bryce , and Frank here be a Texas Ranger . Rev. angle across hood -- so bryce 's face , not visible to clyde or anyone else behind he , be in foreground . his gnarled , powerful hand tremble slightly on the hood , as though they might crinkle the metal like so much tissue paper . his eye stare toward camera relentlessly , unblink , but without passion . they be shark 's eye . they have witness much carnage , devoure it , and be still wide open for more . 58 . c.w. sure ' nough , clyde ? buck say there , peacemaker . I believe you get you spur all tangle up . you be in Missouri , you know that ? clyde have be go through the man 's credential . not so pleasantly : clyde you do not know you be in Missouri ? c.w. he 's lose , this here Texas Ranger . clyde clap bryce 's hand behind he back , handcuffs he , spin he around . clyde ( a little piss ) -- he be not lose ... they bank be offerin ' extra reward money fer we , and Frank figure on easy pickin' , do not you ? ( he suddenly knock bryce 's hat off ) do not you ? bryce flinch involuntarily . buck suddenly grow wary at clyde 's mood . clyde lean into bryce , look up . clyde -- now you be not hardly doin ' you job , Texas Ranger . you oughta be home lookin ' after the rights of poor folk , not out chasin ' after we . he suddenly heft bryce 's huge bulk onto the fender . buck ( try to be casual ) easy there , clyde . why take be so personal . clyde ( to bryce ) reg'lar law be one thing . but this here bounty hunt , we get to discourage that . blanche look very uncomfortable . she start to say something , but buck intervene . 59 . buck like how , clyde ? -- a tense moment . clyde can not think of anything right away . c.w. ( try to be helpful ) shoot he . bonnie shoot c.w. a angry glance -- it 's just what the gang do not want . c.w. ( try again ) ... hang he ?... reaction--bonnie carefully gaug the moment to intervene . bonnie ( suddenly ) -- uh -uh . take he picture . clyde 's not sure he 's hear right . neither be c.w. c.w. take he picture ? bonnie ( pointedly ignore c.w. , brightly ) then we will let the newspaper have it -- so 's everyone can see Captain Frank bryce of the Texas ranger with the barrow gang -- ( move demurely to bryce ) -- and all bein ' just as friendly as pie . buck ( grasp possibility immediately ) ... yeah , yeah ... bonnie ( continue right on , coyly pick up bryce 's gun from grill ) -- why we ' bout the friendliest folk in the world . Texas Ranger wave he big ol ' gun at we , and we just welcome he like he 's one of we own . 60 . clyde ( grin widely ) Buck , get the kodak ! buck ( relieved and excited ) hot dog ! clyde ( to bryce ) we be mighty proud to have a Texas Ranger in the family . bryce be obviously not pleased with this turn of event . follow dialogue be overlap , ad-libbed , etc . a sense of mount glee at the kind of vengeance they be go to exact . New angle . buck be fiddling with the camera , set up the shot with clyde . buck 's follow speech should be hear , b.g. , to clyde 's speech below it . buck ... keep he set on the hood , there ... more to the sun , like that ... yeah ... when all he ranger friend see this ... I bet he 's gonna wish he be dead ! clyde ( to bryce ) ... see what come o' you mischief ?... not doin ' you job ? down in duncanville last year poor farmer kept the law away from we with shot gun ... you be s'pose to be protectin ' they from we , and they be protectin ' we from you . ( giggle ) -- do not make sense , do it ? buck c'mon , now , clyde , you and bonnie first . move into he , right close , right friendly . clyde all righty ( to bryce , whose hand be tie , hemmed in by they both ) do not move , now , hear ? 61 . clyde grandly put a arm on bryce 's shoulder , bonnie , look up admiringly from the other side . buck take the picture . bonnie immediately hop onto the hood , next to bryce . bonnie how 's this ? " Captain bryce and new find friend . " she coyly loosen he tie , tousle he hair , and plant a big kiss on he while still ogling camera . clyde ... yeah , yeah ... quick , Buck , get it ... buck ... I be gettin ' it , I be gettin ' it . quite suddenly bryce , whose simmer intensity we should be more sensitive to than the gang be , spit on bonnie . bonnie half - scream in disgust , but clyde be on top of bryce in a flash , half - strangling on he own fury . he pull bryce off the fender by the handcuffs , spin he around crazily like a lasso . bryce be literally ricochete off the car by the force , and , with clyde hang on by the cuff , plummet down the embankment to the sandy beach below , both man fall , spin . bryce rise shakily . he try to walk away . clyde grab he again by the handcuffs and hurl he out into the water . bryce smack into a tree stump poke out of the shallow and go down . clyde be on top of he . meanwhile , buck have rush down into the water , try to pull clyde off bryce . buck ( frantic ) I get the picture . I get the picture ... clyde ( oblivious ) lemme be , lemme be ... bryce reach the surface and clyde try to throw he into deeper water . he hitches bryce over a moldy skiff , knock aside one of the oar . buck upend bryce into the skiff and kick it spin . clyde pick up a oar and hurl it like a boomerang , ass over end at the skiff . it kick up a spray . buck ( hold tightly to clyde , yell ) I get the picture ! 62 . reaction . clyde waist deep , breathe heavily . clyde ... all right , all right ... ( to bryce , yell ) we got you ... hear ?... remember ... you ... you face ... we got it ... we got you ... we got you ... we got you ... bryce , batter and handcuff , stare back with mindless malice from the lazily spin skiff to the hysterical spectre of clyde , scream he madness across the water . dissolve : int . bank . Inside the bank . in contrast to the previous inept bank robbery scene , this one go admirably well , the gang perform slickly and without a hitch . as they enter , drip wet , clyde make a general announcement to everyone to the bank . clyde this be the barrow gang . ( the people turn and freeze ) everybody just take it easy and nobody will get hurt . clyde cover the door . bonnie and buck go to the teller ' cage and get money . buck go inside , empty out the cash drawer . cut to bonnie fill the sack . cut to a close - up of a burglar alarm button . slowly a hand crawl up the wall and a finger slowly move to push the button . when the finger be about one inch away , suddenly a gun appear in the frame and gently tap the hand away . the camera pull back to reveal buck smile at a lady teller . buck do not do nothin ' silly now . cut to clyde stand near the door , training he gun on the entire bank . a farmer stand a few foot away , some bill clutch in he hand . clyde that you money or the bank' ? farmer mine . clyde keep it , then . 63. across the floor , the bank guard in the corner take advantage of clyde 's distraction to go for he gun . clyde spot it and fire a shot that just knock the bank guard 's hat off without harm he . clyde ( to the guard , who have practically freeze in fear ) next time I will aim a little lower . they finish robbing the bank . they start to exit . near the door stand a guard with he hand raise . he wear sun glass of the period . as they leave buck snatch the sun glass from the guard 's head . buck get a good look at we ! we be the barrow boy . ext . bank . day . the gang run wildly into the street where the car wait , motor run . as they leap into car , buck throw the sun glass into blanche 's lap . buck happy birthday . they zoom off . Shots be hear . bonnie , buck and clyde begin fire at the bank guard who be pursue they . the guard fire back . close-up . blanche sit in the back seat with she finger stick tightly in she ear , eye shut , try to overcome she panic . a funny image , but one that also awaken pity . the next sequence be carry out in cross-cutte . CUT to : the street in front of the bank . Police car pull up and the excited crowd gesture in the direction of the depart gang . the siren start . CUT to : int . gang car . day . the siren hear now in the far distance . buck ( to c.w. at the wheel ) kick it in the pants , c.w. 64 . clyde we get to make that state line ! c.w. ( drive like a wild man , but adlibe loudly ) can not get more and this out of a plymouth ! CUT to : int . bank . the gang have leave a legacy of celebrity behind . we see the bank guard whose hat be shot off be interview by a reporter . he be seat in a chair , he shirt open at the collar and a woman teller be fan he . bank guard ( enjoy the limelight ) then he see I goin ' for my gun . clyde barrow himself , I mean . and suddenly I be starin ' into the face of death ! woman teller tsk , tsk . a photographer step in . photographer just look this way , Mr. hawkins . the bank guard hurriedly button up he collar and smile as the flashbulb go off . CUT to : ext . gang car . still speed along , the siren more distant . CUT to : int . bank . the bank president and a policeman be pose for that classic picture where both stand flanking a bullet hole in the wall and point proudly at it . the flashbulb go off . CUT to : 65 . int . police car . two man in police uniform follow bonnie and clyde . first policeman step on it , randolph . we gotta catch them ' fore they reach the state line ! CUT to : int . bank . farmer be describe bonnie and clyde to passersby who dote on he as though he would just have contact with a portion of the true cross . farmer be aware of he position . farmer clyde ?... he look like , well he look real ...clean ... and bonnie , she 's too much a lady ever to be catch with a cigar in she mouth ... I do not care what you hear before . I see them right here , not twenty minute ago ... ( gravely ) -- and all 's I can say be , they do right by I , and I be bringin ' I a mess of flower to they funeral . CUT to : int . gang car . car slow up perceptibly as clyde say : clyde okay , relax . we be in Oklahoma now . slow down . CUT to : int . police car . first policeman turn around . do not waste no more gas . second policeman ( a young eager beaver type ) ai not we go to catch them ? 66 . first policeman Hell , they be over the State line . that 's out of we jurisdiction . second policeman why do not we get them anyway ? first policeman I be not go to risk my life in Oklahoma . that 's they problem . CUT to : ext . car . now the gang 's car be see travel down a long , narrow country road surround by cornfield . CUT to : ext . roadside by wood . day . they get out , take the various bag of money with they , and dump the lot on the hood . there be not a impressive amount of money . clyde ( disappointed ) Hell . that be not much , be it ? buck ( commiseratingly ) Times be hard , clyde well , let 's get to it . he begin deal and split the money out on the hood of the car , as they gather around . clyde this be clyde barrow . ( lay down a bill ) Buck barrow ... ( lay down a bill ) bonnie parker ...c.w. ( go back to the first again and lay out another round ) clyde , Buck ... bonnie ... c.w. clyde , clyde again ... Buck ... bonnie ...c.w . buck and blanche stand watch . blanche look fretful . she nudge buck and whisper to he . 67 . buck whisper something back to she . meanwhile , clyde 's count still go on . clyde bonnie ...c.s.... clyde ... buck ( very ill at east in this position he have be force into ) um ...eh ... clyde ? clyde hah ? buck be clearly embarrassed . buck uh , clyde ... well ... what about blanche ? everyone react with stunne amazement at blanche 's nerve in want to get she cut . bonnie ( incredulous ) what ? blanche see she have to rise to she own defense , and she rise to the occasion with spirit and verve . blanche well , why not ? say I earn my share ! same as everybody . I coulda get kill same as everybody , and I be want by the law same as everybody . besides I coulda get snake bit sleepin ' in they wood every night ! ( building it up ) I be just a nervous wreck and that 's the truth . and I have to listen to sass from miss bonnie parker all the time . I deserve mine ! Close . buck . Day --look at clyde , he face full of weak smile and embarrassment at he wife . clyde ( with a sigh ) okay ...okay ... hold you horse , blanche . you will get you share . 68 . bonnie be livid but say nothing . clyde , the leader have decide . c.w. look indignant , like a hog who 's just be give a bath . clyde begin count all over again in near silence . buck married a preacher 's daughter and she still think she 's takin ' the collection . everyone now laugh , but blanche . clyde continue count . buck ( to blanche ) well , do not spend it all in one place now , hear ? bonnie she will be doin ' right well to spend it at all . bonnie turn and amble away from the car . after a moment clyde stop count and move after she . he 's prepare for a fight , stand behind bonnie 's arched back try to gauge the degree of hostility there . clyde bonnie ? no answer . clyde ( a little defensive ) look , bonnie , I have say it and I guess I will keep sayin ' it before we be through -- blanche be Buck 's wife and Buck be family . he wait expectantly . bonnie ( finally , utterly without malice ) -- she 's such a silly - billy ... bonnie look plaintively to clyde . bonnie my family could use some of that money . 69 . clyde they law have be hangin ' round you mama house ' till all hour , bonnie . it 's just too risky to go there . bonnie ( explode ) well , where can we go ? we rob the damn bank , what else do we do ? clyde can not really answer . suddenly c.w. start yell : c.w. clyde ! clyde ! clyde ! clyde flinch at the sound . c.w. come bound over , as rude a assault on they sensibility as he can be . clyde ( wince as they be nose to nose ) I hear you , c.w. c.w. this ol ' heap 's gushin ' oil ! we get to swipe we another set of wheel right away , or we will not get anywhere . look here . he reach down under the pan of the car and scoops a gooey handful of slick black oil which he hold before they face . c.w. see ? clyde nod slowly . he look back to bonnie . he see . dissolve : ext . suburban STREET . a residential neighborhood on a suburban street . a rather well - to - do neighborhood . the camera be up on a porch of a white frame house , look toward the street . on the porch , sit in the swing in the leave f.g. be a man and a woman . she be about twenty - nine , he be about thirty - six . he be sit with he back to we , embrace the woman . they be spoon , make low , loving murmur . woman oh , now ...now , dear ... 70 . man mmmm ... sweet thing ... we see in the distance two car park in front of the house . his and hers . suddenly we see another car drive up ( bonnie and clyde ) and somebody get out . then the whole gang get out , ditch the one car and get in one of the park car . all the while the couple on the porch be busy spoon . the car begin to roll slowly into the street . the woman notice . woman say , be not that you car , Eugene ? man ( still nuzzling she ) mmmmmm ...huh ? ( he look , leap from the swing ) that 's my car ! hey ! the man and woman run down the front step and front walk to the second car . they jump in and take off , give chase . int . car . day . the woman be drive ( it 's she car ) . the man be furious . eugene I will tear them apart ! that punk ! steal a man 's car right out from under he ! wait till I get my hand on that kid , velma , I will show them ! they continue drive , furious , the man cursing and mutter . we see through they windshield the other car way in the distance . velma what if they have gun , Eugene ? eugene ( realize the possibility , he suddenly stop be mad and turn chicken ) we would better get the police and let they handle this . velma right . 71 . eugene turn around and let 's get back to town . we will go get the sheriff . they be by now on a narrow dirt road and the woman have to execute a U -turn . it take she about seven cut to turn the car around in the narrow space . they start back to town . CUT to : int . bonnie and clyde' car . buck look out the rear window . buck they stop chasin ' we . they turn around . close-up . clyde grin mischievously . clyde let 's take them . buck and c.w. laugh appreciatively at the reversal . clyde turn the car around . he perform the u-turn in the same narrow space in one , swift , smooth , beautiful turn . CUT to : int . the other car . velma look in the rear view mirror and see that now she be be chase . velma oh , my Lord , they be comin ' after we . eugene ( in a panic ) step on it , velma , step on it ! close-up . accelerator . velma jam it down to the floor . the car speed . ext . road . the chase . day . bonnie and clyde 's car gain on they , gain on they , gain on they and finally overtake they , come up and ahead , force they to the side of the road . med. shot . the man and woman 's car . terrify , they roll up they window , lock they door and huddle together . 72 . ext . road . the barrow gang pile out of they car and walk over , have a merry time . they surround the car and press they face against the window , flatten they feature , make menace gesture at the shaking pair inside . we see this from the point of view of the man and woman inside the car . clyde pull out a gun , make as if to shoot , but he be kid . they all laugh uproariously , especially buck who be delighted with clyde 's prank . all of this we see in pantomime from inside the trap car . ext . car . clyde c'mon , get out ! get out of there , I say . they come out , hand hold high , shaking with fear . they have practically turn to jelly . clyde ( order they into the other car ) get in here . int . other car . day . they get in and the gang get in . Seven people be now jamme inside . clyde drive , bonnie next to he , c.w. next to she . in back , blanche , then eugene with velma ( of necessity ) sit on he lap , and then buck . as will be see , the reason the barrow have kidnap the couple be simply that they want company . live as they do , see only each other day after day , they long for diversion and new face . so the atmosphere in the car will shortly change to one of friendliness and jollity , and it will get progressively more so in the series of cut which advance the time . as the car start up at the beginning , however , the man and woman be terrify . buck what 's you name ? eugene ( hesitantly ) I be Eugene grizzard . velma I be velma Davis . 73. buck ( just as friendly as he can be ) well , howdy ! we be the barrow gang . that there be clyde drivin ' and I be Buck . the man and woman almost faint from fear ; clutch at each other . the gang all laugh at this . velma and eugene begin to realize that they be not go to get hurt and that the barrow be friendly to they . bonnie look , do not be scared , folk . it be not like you be the law . you be just folk like we . eugene ( agree over - enthusiastically ) yeah , yeah , that 's the truth . clyde I expect you be readin ' about we . the man and the woman answer simultaneously with what they think be the right thing to say under the circumstance . eugene yes . velma no. they glare at each other . eugene ( meaningfully ) yes , velma , we have too . bonnie ( laugh at the contretemp ) well , you two must be in love , I bet . eugene and velma blush , get shy for a second . bonnie smile . buck ( gleefully , clap he hand ) well , when you gonna marry the girl , boy ? everyone chuckle heartily . CUT to : 74 . int . car . later . -- still drive , same position , but some time have elapse . the atmosphere be now completely convivial and the captive be enjoy they new friend . as the scene start , buck be finish he joke . bonnie so then she drink she milk down again , every drop . and she look over at she son and say , " Son , whatever you do , do not sell that cow ! " the couple laugh with great amusement , but everyone else in the car do not laugh -- this be the tenth time they have hear the joke . CUT to : int . of car . -- get on toward evening . all be thoroughly relax and chat . bonnie ( to velma ) how old be you , honey ? velma thirty -three . a sudden look of surprise register on eugene 's face . int . of car . night . it be now night . everyone inside the car be eat . apparently they stop somewhere along the way for food . in the crowded interior , it be like a party -- food be be pass back and forth , laughter and gaiety , increase warmth between the couple and the barrow . the car have become a little society on wheel , dash through the black night down the highway . Inside there be a small world of happiness and fun . buck be unpack the food and pass sandwich and drink around the car . velma now I order some french fries , do not I ? 75 . buck ( pass she some ) yeah , here you go . clyde take it easy on that french fries , velma . ai not that right , Eugene ? eugene ( study he hamburger ) this be not mine . I order mine well do . who 's get the other hamburger ? close-up . c.w. who have already take a bite of the other one . c.w. oh , be this suppose to be yours ? he extend the bitten burger out to eugene . full shot . eugene that 's okay , forget it . clyde laugh at this . buck ( chew ) haw ! I sure be havin ' a good time ! how ' bout you folk ? ai not you glad we pick you up ? clyde ( laugh ) hey , maybe y'all ought to join up with we . that idea strike everyone as be very amusing . eugene ( laugh ) ha ! would not they be surprised back home to hear that ? velma yeah . what would martha and Bill say if they hear that ? ( she roar with laughter ) ( more ) 76 . velma ( cont 'd ) eugene lordy ! they would throw a fit ! ( roar with laughter ) bonnie ( laugh ) what do you do , anyway ? eugene ( as he laugh begin to fade ) I be a undertaker . suddenly everyone freeze . a shudder , as if the cold hand of death have suddenly touch the occupant of the car . the atmosphere change to cold , deadly , fearful silence in exactly one second . it be a premonition of death for the barrow , and they react accordingly , bonnie especially . close-up. bonnie . bonnie ( tautly , in a flat voice ) get they out of here . ext . road . night . the car brake to a sudden stop . the rear down be open , the man and woman flung out into the darkness . the car drive off into the lonely night . from this point on , the audience should realize that death be inevitable for the barrow gang , that it follow they always , that it wait anywhere . it be no longer a question of whether death will come , but when it will . ext . wood . morning . move with clyde he tear through the brush , snagging he clothes , call bonnie 's name . clyde 's search be so desperate here that for a moment we might think he be flee from something rather than look for something . in a moment he emerge onto the road . the car , with c.w. drive , and buck and blanche beside he , be patrol slowly up ahead of he . clyde spot it and run toward it . hold on this angle until he catch up with it and leap onto the run board . 77 . move shot . car. Morning . clyde , now on the run board , he head poke into the car , he face apple red and sweat . clyde ( breathe heavily ) ... see anythin ' , Buck ? buck be shocked at he brother 's desperation , but make no over comment on it . buck -- not yet , boy . clyde ( with a edge of paranoia , as if the three of they might be withhold something from he ) -- and nobody see she leave , or hear anythin ' ( almost a threat ) ...c.w....? ext . car . moving shot . day . clyde get the point . for the very first time we see clyde , the leader , helpless as he hang onto the run board . clyde ( lamely ) ... well , where do you think she could have go ?... Buck ?... Buck ? buck ( amaze and a little frighten ) Jesus , I do not know ... clyde look helplessly at he brother , then drop off the run board and continue on foot , run along , scan the field -- the car keep up beside he as he run and we truck before both car and clyde . angle on car through windshield . reaction shot . Day . buck turn to blanche , shrugging he shoulder , speechless . reverse angle through the windshield . Day -- at clyde , who have suddenly see something begin gesticulate wildly , almost -- from car 's Pov , a little comically . clyde there ! there ! there ! 78 . he start run off into a cornfield . another angle -- pick up clyde as he kick he way into the cornfield , knee pump high , knock down the stalk . he stop and pick up the stock he have spot , take it and move on . still another angle as clyde have pick up a freshly beat trail through the cornfield . he pick up one of bonnie 's scarve , now . as he run on , he clear a knoll and bonnie , she yellow hair unmistakable even at this distance , come into view . she 's far off in the cornfield , stalking off , look neither to right nor leave , carry a brown paper sack that have split , from which she have occasionally lose clothing . clyde scream , " bonnie . " she apparently do not hear . angle on cornfield . Day . as clyde get closer . bonnie herself suddenly break into flight , the paper bag split completely , the remain clothes spilling out . there be a real chase where they each try to get the advantage . clyde be so exhaust from he run that he have real trouble cornere she as they maneuver up and down the row of corn . finally clyde catch up . extreme close - up . bonnie &amp ; clyde . Day . as they tumble into the stalk of corn , mow they down . bonnie leave I alone ! leave I alone ! clyde ( hold she , kissing she frantically ) hey ...hey , hey , baby , hey , bonnie , hey baby ... ( calming she down ) ... hey , hey now ... just where do you think you be goin ' ?... bonnie do not answer . up angle . Pov clyde . as he 's momentarily distract by buck 's laughter as he 's in the cornfield pick up bonnie 's clothing . clyde wave a impatient it 's all - right - wave . he turn back to bonnie who he still hold tightly . clyde ( still frantic ) -- huh. bonnie ? where ? where ? 79 . bonnie I do not know ! you be hurt I , I be just scared be all ... and my mama 's be on my mind , and she 's gettin ' so old ... bonnie hesitates , beginning to feel a little foolish now . clyde Boy , do not ever leave without sayin ' somethin' . you really scared I , bonnie . bonnie but I mean it , though . I want to see my mama . please , clyde . two shot . bonnie and clyde . Day . clyde ( enormously relieved , kissing she ) okay , sweetheart . dissolve to : ext . side of a road . very long shot . day . -- of three or four car park on the side of a road in Texas . a light rain be fall . there be a lot of people gather around , but the sound be a indistinct mixture of talk , laughter , etc . there follow a quick montage of cut which isolate specific moment in the family reunion , thereby imply the entire tone of the proceedings . the sense of family pervade . montage . bonnie and mother . bonnie 's mother , a old woman , grab she and hug she and cry . montage . bonnie , clyde , man . a man , a uncle perhaps , stand with bonnie and clyde , arm around they both , hugging they to he side tightly . montage . bonnie and sister . bonnie 's sister hand they a scrapbook of clipping . sister here you be , we be cuttin ' and pastin ' everything we could find about you in the papers . 80 . clyde , bonnie , buck and blanche all look at the scrapbook . we see a page of it , show newspaper article with the photograph the gang take back at the motel . buck hey look , here 's that one I take of you , clyde . that come out just fine ! montage . bonnie , clyde , man . bonnie and clyde be pose for a comic snapshot . a silly look male relative be pose , point a gun at they . they have they hand in the air and be grin broadly . ( the effect should be funny and simultaneously frightening . ) montage buck , SMALL boy . buck be sit with a little four- year - old on he knee , bounce he up and down and sing . both be have a fine time . buck ( sing ) oh , horsey ! keep you tail up , keep yer tail up , keep yer tail up , oh , horsey ! keep yer tail up , why do not you make it rise . montage--c.w. a hand off camera thrust a sandwich at c.w. he open the bread to see what 's inside it , then eat it . montage--bonnie &amp ; sister . bonnie sit stock -still while she sister give she a permanent in the back seat of a car . he sister pause , set down the curling iron . she stroke bonnie 's yellow head with she hand , as though she be a wild animal that have pause long enough to be petted . bonnie turn to see she sister 's expression . they embrace . montage -- family picnic--Favoring clyde , mother &amp ; bonnie . clyde , in he best theatrical manner have be play host in the sand pile , perhaps use some sort of towel across the arm or around the middle . the party be beginning to break up now as use paper plate and crumpled napkin be blow across the sand and the group be finish up on eskimo pie . bonnie' uncle ( rise ) where y'all head from here ? clyde ( right back ) I do not know , what y'all get in mind ? at this point we be not headin ' to anywhere , we be just runnin ' from . 81 . clyde laugh , in fine spirit . reaction--bonnie . she do not . bonnie' sister' voice c'mon , down , litte Tom ! we be goin ' home . Little Tom ? mathew , fetch Little Tom . bonnie do not go yet , mama . uncle's voice ( cut in ) c'mere , c'mere you little corn roller . Wide angle . as uncle sweep up the laugh little Tom . reaction--bonnie . bonnie turn with increase urgency to she mother , who , have be heft to she foot by bonnie 's sister , have turn to clyde , who give she a big , boyish hug . mother ... you know , clyde , I read about y'all in the papers and I be jes ' scared . bonnie ( to clyde ) sugar , make mama stay a while yet . clyde ( ignore bonnie , as do mother , ebulliently , even josh ) now Mrs. parker , do not y'all believe what you read in the papers ! that 's the law talk there . they want we to look big so 's they will look big when they catch we . he know he 's stumble onto the wrong thing , but he bounce right along -- it 's he style . clyde -- and they can not do that . why , I be even better at runnin ' than robbin ' bank -- aw shoot , if we do half the stuff they say we do , we would be millionaire , would not we , old sugar . ( more ) 82. clyde ( cont 'd ) ( he turn to bonnie who continue to stare at she mother ) and I would not risk bonnie here just to make money , uncertain as time be . why one time I know of a job where we could of make $ 2000 easy , but I see the law outside and I say to myself , why bonnie could get hurt here . so I just drive right on and let that money lay . he wait for a response , as do bonnie . bonnie 's mother smile , a little abstractedly . mother ... maybe you know the way with she , then . I be just a old woman and I do not know nothin ... she trail off , look nowhere in particular . clyde take she reaction to mean that he 's overwhelming she with he confidence , and continue to pour it on . clyde we will be quittin ' this just as soon as the hard time be over , mother parker , I can tell you that . why I and bonnie be just talkin ' the other day and we talk about when we would settle down and get we a home , and bonnie say , " I could not bear to live morn and three mile from my precious mother . " now how would you like that , mother parker ? bonnie 's mother have undergone a funny sort of transformation during clyde 's speech -- as if something have suddenly come into focus before the old woman 's eye . mother do not believe I would . I surely do not . ( to bonnie ) you try to live three mile from I and you will not live long , honey . ( to clyde ) you would best keep runnin ' and you know it , clyde barrow . ( matter of fact ) bye , baby . 83. she hug bonnie who can barely respond . we move in for a closeup of bonnie as she various relative , young and old come by to squeeze , kiss and hug she with a chirpy little chorus of bye , bonnie ! bye , bonnie , bye , bye , bye . dissolve : ext . platte CITY motel . platte CITY , iowa . day . hold on the outside long enough to see the unusual structure : two little motel cabin connect by two identical garage , a entirely symmetrical structure . int . platte CITY motel bedroom . with bonnie . day . -- as she try , against heavy odd , to file and trim she nail in a corner of the room . the odd be ; clyde on a uke , b.g. , buck , and blanche -- gather around c.w. who sit in the only stuff chair in the room . they o.s. raucousness be clearly shatter to bonnie who , at a key moment in the scene , end up spearing she cuticle with a file , spurting a little board and a lot of temper . other angle . clyde --buck --blanche --c.w. Day . a naked lightbulb ( the lampshade have be remove ) glare down on c.w. 's chest -- where a pair of bluebird have be tattooe with a rocco flourish . buck and blanche be vastly amused -- rather blanche take delight in buck 's delight . buck how long have ya have it ? c.w. ( like some docile animal submit to inspection ) -- just get it . buck ( to blanche , who stare fascinate as one of c.w. 's pectoral muscle contract and the wing flutter ) touch it , honey ! go on ! blanche squeal with amusement . buck take blanche 's hand and place it on the bluebird . blanche ( titillate with delight ) oh , no , daddy ! no ! reaction bonnie . Day -- as the file dig into she cuticle on blanche 's squeal . with barely control rage : 84 . bonnie what be you all doin ' ? int . motel bedroom . group shot . fav . bonnie . day . c.w. ( insensitive to bonnie 's stare ) playin ' with my tattoo , bonnie . bonnie well , why do not you all go play with it somewhere else ? New angle . Motel bedroom . Day . blanche what 's bother she ? clyde ( see something come ) not now , blanche . buck ( who do not want to be victimize by bonnie 's temperament ) what 's bother she , clyde ? bonnie ( explode ) I say go somewhere else ! she pick up the first three object she can find on the dresser and hurl they -- a ashtray , a gideon Bible , and a flower pot - - at the little group . the pot go shatter into the wall . everyone duck . clyde ( straighten up , matter - of - fact ) bonnie 's hungry , c.w. I see a chicken place a few mile back . who all want to go get some food ? int . motel bedroom . group shot . day . blanche ( rise from she chair , a little shake at bonnie 's outburst ) I sure do . I be plenty tired of sittin ' around here anyway . 85 . buck ( not make a move to get up ) you can not drive , honeylove . c.w. ( reluctantly ) I will go . clyde make a face to bonnie pretend there 's something go on between c.w. and blanche . bonnie try to keep from be amused . c.w. move out with blanche . buck rise to go next door . c.w. what 's everybody want ? clyde just five chicken dinner , and get something ' for dessert . buck see if they get peach ice cream . ( he grin and pat he stomach ) all finally exit , leave bonnie and clyde alone . ext . car and STREET . dusk . c.w. and blanche go out . we go with they . they get in the car and drive off . buck enter he cabin . int . motel bedroom . bonnie and clyde . dusk . clyde reach she , and for a moment both stare with fanatic intensity at each other , bonnie try desperately to keep a straight face . they be nose to nose , unblink . clyde give she a big raspberry , waggling he finger in he ear like a kid . she laugh . bonnie I hate you all . clyde I hate y'all , too . bonnie no , I really hate you . she turn away from he , wilt onto the bed . 86 . bonnie ( eye brim ) oh , baby , I have get the blue so bad ... clyde move behind she , begin to massage she back . there be something very delicate about the way he touch she ; it suggest clyde 's sensitivity to she mood rather than any degree of physical intimacy . clyde bonnie ?... be it you mama , what you mama say ? bonnie what mama ?... she 's just a old woman now ... I have no mama ... bonnie roll over on she back , stare up at clyde , tear splaying across she face from the move . bonnie ( quietly ) ... so funny ... I think when we first go out , we be really goin ' somewhere ... but this be it -- we be just goin ' , huh ? she have address this last directly to clyde , but there be nothing rhetorical about it -- it be a real question . clyde do not answer for a moment . then : clyde do you care about where we be goin ' ? bonnie clearly find this hard to say : bonnie not as long as you care about I . clyde ( quite simply ) why I love you , sugar . it 's the first time he 's say it to she , and bonnie be overwhelm . she wrap she arm around clyde 's middle , and snuggle into he , like a child . neither we nor clyde can see bonnie 's face now , and she voice be muffle by he chest . bonnie' voice -- enough to die with I , baby ?... ' cause I think that 's where we be goin ' ... I surely do . 87 . clyde be both touch and amused by the plea . he stroke she head lightly . really meaning it . clyde -- wherever . dissolve : int . car . blanche , she tense and agitate self grow increasingly more so lately , light a fresh cigarette off the butt of the one she have be smoking . c.w. ( conversationally ) you sure smokin ' all the time lately . blanche ( quick to take offense , snap ) so what ? c.w. nothin ' . blanche , sick of it all , drop she head in she hand with a sigh . blanche oh , God ... c.w. look at she , finally decide to say something that occur to he . c.w . why not you go back home to you papa ? blanche ( it 's be she dream ) oh , if I could ! if I could just do that one thing ! oh , there 's no tellin' why this all happen . I be a preacher 's daughter . c.w. when church be you pa affiliate with ? 88. blanche ( much more interested in talk about herself ) Baptist ...oh , and he think the world of Buck , my daddy do , even know that Buck be serve time in jail . he forgive he for that ' cause he pay he debt to society . c.w. we be disciple of Christ . int . fried chicken cafe . the camera remain stationary in this scene , in this position . a lunch counter sweep down the center of the screen . we be at one end of the counter . in the f.g. , a deputy sit drink coffee , absorb in he cup . in the b.g. , at the other end of the counter , by the exit door , blanche and c.w. be be hand they order by the counterman . blanche hey , c.w. , I be not get my money . give I some , will you ? the deputy turn he head and look over there . c.w. open he jacket to reach in he pocket for money . as he open he coat , he gun be clearly see tuck in he pants . camera zoom in to tight close - up of gun . Close shot . deputy --his face tense . sound of door close shut , as c.w. and blanche leave . deputy ( to counterman ) get sheriff smoot on the phone . dissolve to : int . platte CITY motel room - night . on c.w. 's moonlit chest and face , tattooe bluebird heaving and occasionally snore in the night . behind he the room be dimly light by flicker candle that be place out of sight on the floor . the shape in the room -- the bed be gut and only the box mattress remain -- dresser , lamp shade , etc. , be grotesque in the flicker light . o.s. sound of bonnie and clyde , bonnie giggle and clyde whisper something we can not quite hear . move across the room toward the gut bed . move giggle from the floor beneath the box mattress -- for a moment it should appear as if something perversely sexual may be go on between bonnie and clyde . 89 . bonnie' voice ready ? clyde' voice ( a little embarrassed ) aw bonnie -- bonnie' voice ( coax ) c'mon ! clyde 's arm wield a Tommy gun , clear the bed . with the muzzle , clyde knock the swivel mirror on the dresser overhead , bring bonnie and clyde into view . closer angle mirror -- bonnie and clyde . night . bonnie lie stiff as a statue on the white mattress , impeccably dress for she funeral . candelabras make of empty beer bottle lie at she head and foot . bonnie 's hand and face be powder and paint a waxen white . she wear a garish silk bow in she hair which it , for this occasion , curl like a little girl 's . clyde sit up , beer bottle in one hand , Tommy gun in the other , derby hat cocked -- and just a little unsure of the whole thing . he take a swig -- bonnie stop he , try terribly hard not to change she position . bonnie lie down now , honey . clyde I have do enough ! angle on mirror -- bonnie and clyde . night . bonnie ( with patience , to a child ) you have to lie down ... it 's the only way we can tell what we will look kike together . she giggle again , more than a little gass herself . clyde clamp a big cigar between he tooth and abruptly lie down beside she . clyde be both amused and annoyed . clyde ( stare up at himself talk with cigar clench between he tooth ) whatta you think ? 90 . bonnie ( it suddenly strike she ) that 's not the right tie ! clyde what ? bonnie ( rise , weaving a little ) you can not wear polka-dot on a occasion like this . clyde well what -- bonnie stripe . do not go away now . she weave she way over to the dresser , take a swig from a bottle there herself , check she makeup , and return with the tie . holding against he chest to try it out she almost fall into he . clyde steady she . bonnie perfect . she try to tie it for he , and clearly have trouble with the knot . clyde ok , o.k . if we be gonna do this , at least I can tie it myself . lie down before you fall down . int . motel bedroom -- bonnie and clyde . night . she do , with some play -act , exaggerated obeisance to clyde 's command -- reach up at the last moment like a zombie and snatching a artificial flower from blanche 's hat which still lie on the dresser . clyde lie down now . they look into the mirror again . clyde ( grudgingly ) better ? bonnie much . this tickle clyde despite himself and he laugh -- bonnie begin to sing to he -- perform for both clyde and she own image in the mirror -- like some hoydenish vaudevillian . 91 . during the course of the song she will rise and take clyde with she who finally join in when they tip - toe over and begin to serenade c.w. bonnie &amp ; clyde ( to the lugubrious strain of the death March ) " do you ever think when a hearse go by , that somebody you or I may die ? they will wrap you up in a big white sheet and bury you down just about six foot , the worm crawl in , the worm crawl out , the worm play penuckle on you snout . you eye fall in , you tooth fall out , you face turn green and the pus run out . during this last they have be hover over c.w. 's twitching face , like a couple of tipsy ghoul , whisper - sing into he ear . c.w. finally blink , do not even bother to look at they . c.w. I be gonna die if I do not get some sleep . quit sing that . reaction--bonnie and clyde . night . they smile , go back and lie down . look at they image : bonnie all right , shut you eye now . clyde ( play along with she ) no , you first . bonnie one for the money . clyde two for the show . bonnie Three to get ready -- clyde &amp ; bonnie four to go. 92 . as they approach four we should feel that somehow when they shut they eye , they really will die . they shut they on go , and screen go black . ext . platte CITY motel . night . ranged across the lawn be six police car , load with peace officer . four man come out and , gun draw , walk cautiously over to the room on the right -- buck and blanche 's . int . platte CITY motel . buck' cabin . night . there be a knock on the door . they sit bolt upright in bed . before buck can say anything , blanche put she hand over he mouth to shut he up . blanche ( call out ) the man be on the other side . ext . platte CITY motel . night . the four lawmen , among they the deputy from the cafe , edge they way across the lawn , past the first garage , past the second . before they reach the door of bonnie and clyde 's cabin , the window smashes and there be blast of gunfire . one cop be hit and fall , the other run back to the car for cover . bonnie and c.w. be at the window , fire steadily . clyde --run into the garage to get the car . they must escape . all they can do be escape , and all they have be that one car in the close garage . outside . two of the lawmen fall to the ground , shot . as the remain two run back for cover , we see a blind light roll up in a space between the six car . it be a armored truck , with mount gun and and spotlight , advance toward the cabin . Inside the armored truck . two man in the seat . sound of gunshot come from everywhere , pierce light . from inside the truck , we suddenly see the windshield shattered from bullet fire by bonnie and c.w . the driver be hit , and he slump over the wheel . his body hit the horn , which start blast and continue throughout the battle . the other man , quickly , duck under the dashboard for protection . Inside the garage . clyde stand by the car . he hold the brown Automatic . the garage door be shaking from the impact of bullet , shatter . his gun already fire ( automatic clip ) before he get there . clyde in a crouch run to the garage door , fling it up , and run back inside the car . now the door be open and he can get the car out . 93. one hand on the wheel , one hand shoot , he roll the car out onto the driveway . the battle be raging from all side . ext . STREET . the car stop . clyde keep shoot . the door of the cabin fly open and bonnie and c.w. come charge out , gun blaze away . c.w. fire the Thompson sub-machine gun , bonnie fire two pistol with automatic clip . they run in a crouch , tryingto get inside the car in front of they door . they make it . camera pan across the motel to the other door . it open , buck and blanche come out , hold a double bed mattress in front of they for protection . this make they run awkward -- the mattress be heavy . blanche carry the front end , buck the back with one hand , the other fire he gun . they get halfway to the car and then buck be hit , shot in the head . he fall to the ground ; blanche and the mattress fall too since she have lose balance . both be under the mattress . clyde dash out of the car and drag buck into the back seat . blanche follow , hysterical . all gun on all side be still fire . they fling themselves into the car and from a stand start , the car start out at 60 mph down the driveway . one of the lawmen stand block the way with a double - barrele rifle , but the car keep come , about to run he down . he jump out of the way and fire at the side . the glass crack and we see blanche fling a hand to she face , which be bloody . a piece of glass have lodge in she eye . we hear she scream . the horn be still blast . int . the car swerving madly . clyde manage to keep it on the road . they drive away . ext . STREET . the police run back to they car to give chase , call out to each other , unable to believe that the gang could possibly have get away . int . car . night . as it be speed down the highway . crazy , mad hillbilly music on the soundtrack . pack inside this car right now be more sheer human misery and horror than could be believe . it be hell in there , hell and suffer and pain . the car be a complete mess . c.w. be sobbing . everyone be hysterical . blanche be shriek with pain and concern for buck . buck be alternate between groan and pass out completely . bonnie be yell at everybody to shut up . 94 . only clyde , drive with both hand clench on the wheel , be silent . the car be do 90 . ext . suburban STREET . night . the car from the outside , a half hour later . they have elude the police . they be barrel down the road at top speed on a nice suburban street with proper home . it be the middle of the night , utter silence . clyde stop the car , point to can car in a driveway -- it be a beautiful , shiny new and expensive automobile . c.w. run out , run up the driveway , peer inside , get in , quietly back it down the driveway and pull behind the gang 's bullet - riddled getaway car . suddenly they both zoom off down the road together . int . of the new car . night . c.w. drive alone . he be cry , mumble , wiping he eye and nose with one hand while he control the wheel with the other . ext . ring of firs . night . a wide field in the country . this be dexter , Iowa . it be quiet . we see , in a long shot that take in everything , that this be a meadow surround by a ring of tree , a dense forest that circle they . the meadow , however , be large . the two car drive into the middle of the field , headlight on . they stop and the barrow gang get out . they be in horrible shape - - we can finally have a look at they . half - dress in they pajamas , bloody , dirty , in tatter . that that can stagger out do so , other be carry . a far shot of all this . closer shot . move closer to they , we see clyde and c.w. lay buck down on the ground . clyde begin to administer to he wound as best he can , mostly just wiping he off . buck be semi-conscious . all be in a semi-daze . blanche fall to she knee , still clutching she eye . she be totally hysterical . blanche oh , God , please help we ! dear Father in Heaven , get we out of this and Buck will never do another bad thing in he life ! ( she continue moan , praying , sobbing ) bonnie walk over to the group , look at buck , c.w. go over to she . two shot -- bonnie and c.w . 95 . c.w. he be not get a chance . half he head blow off . camera pull back to take in blanche . blanche my eye ! ( she scream ) God , I think I be blind . ( in the headlight ) ... light hurt so bad ... bonnie walk over to the car and come back with the sunglass buck have give blanche . move she out of the glare , she help blanche put they on . bonnie now have a arm around blanche , and blanche shiver into bonnie gracefully . bonnie be a little repell by blanche , but comfort she out of genuine feel for she . blanche ( cling ) please , please get we to a doctor ! tell clyde to get we to a doctor . we will die here . bonnie ( help with glass ) -- here , ho no. bonnie look silently up to clyde . clyde be look dumbly down at he mangle brother . blanche ( go on ) clyde , clyde , please get we to a doctor . though blanche can not see it , clyde have knelt down to the side of buck , take buck 's hand and with he other hand have begin smoothing buck 's hair back , away from the wound . blanche he 's you brother ! bonnie ( gently , know clyde will not and cannot answer blanche ) Buck can not be move , now , ho n ' . blanche 's answer to this be hysterical sobbing , bury herself into bonnie , mumble half - coherent , muffle prayer between the sob . 96 . with buck and clyde . buck ( weakly ) clyde ?... clyde ?... clyde right here , boy . buck I believe I lose my shoe ... maybe the dog hide them ... ( he lapse into unconsciousness again ) clyde have begin to cry a little , continue to smooth back buck 's hair with ritualistic regularity . Wide angle . night . camera pull away , way back to wide shot of the entire field , show the group in the center of the darkness , light by the headlight . Match dissolve into early dawn , camera still on the wide shot . the field be lighter , though the tree still loom blackly around it . the two car , one almost a shattered wreck , the other bright and shiny and new , be park in the center . the sky be light , but the tree cast a dark shadow on the field . the gang be just sit around . blanche weep next to buck , c.w. sit on the run board of a car , stare . bonnie stand and smoking . clyde still with buck . all be quiet . ext . wood . day . from the edge of the wood , a man in a white shirt emerge from behind a tree . the camera swing abruptly to get he . he call out to the gang . man surrender ! it be a total surprise . bonnie , clyde and c.w. all grab they gun and fire several shot ; they be not fire the big gun now , but the pistol . the man linger there for a moment -- he look strange , white , luminous , like a apparition - - and then he vanish into the wood . silence , long enough to make you think it be perhaps a illusion . then there be a volley of gunfire - - a noise so large as to be almost a impossible sound -- come from the wood , all around , everywhere . 97 . a ring of little white puff of smoke emerge from the wood ; from every tree a puff of smoke . the camera pan in a circle . behind every tree be a man with a gun . there be at least 150 people out there -- peace officer , farmer with hunt rifle , kid with squirrel gun , everyone who want to come along and catch bonnie and clyde . they number be so large because this time they want no possibility of the gang make what seem by they supernatural escape . from this point on , the sound of gun be unnaturally muffle on the sound track . we hardly hear they at all .. it be like a dream . without a word , all of the gang include the half - dead buck make he final effort , scramble for the nearest car . they run , throughout this battle , crouch , like animal -- they only think , to get away , to escape . to fight it out would be ludicrous . from the moment the barrow start in motion , there be shoot again from the edge of the wood . we see they scramble towards the car , in a extreme long shot , surround by the ring of smoke . CUT to : int . of the car . all of they inside . clyde be at the wheel . CUT to : ext . car . Med . Long shot of the car move . the sound track go to complete silence . we see the car look for a avenue of escape . it veer towards a tree , a man step out from behind the tree and fire , the car jerk and veer toward another tree , again a man step out and fire and so on . the car perform its eccentric dance , all in utter silence ( no sound of the motor , nothing ) . the film should have the feel of slow motion , as the car swerve and loop along the edge of the wood . not once do any of the barrow fire back . another man step out and aim . int . car . close-up. clyde . at the wheel - shot in the arm . he grab he arm in pain , lose control of the wheel . CUT to : 98 . ext . car . -- out of control ( still silent ) . it smashes into a tree stump . the picture stop , freeze for three beat . we hold the image of the moment of crash , with piece of metal crumpling and fly into the air , suspend there by the stop-film . CUT to : int . car . sound partly up again , but never at its realistic volume . from inside the smashed car , we peer out the window across the field and see the other car . the think strike the audience at the same time it strike the gang -- they must get to that car . med. shot of the second car , sit in the field , shine in the sun . the lawmen also realize what must be do -- cut off this escape . though bonnie , clyde and the other be head toward it , they suddenly train all they fire on the car rather than the gang . the car fill the frame of the screen . bullet begin to hit it . it start to quiver under the impact . for the next minute , we see the car die in front of we eye . we see the beautiful machine fall to piece -- window smash , tire tear apart , body riddled . the death of the car be as painful to watch as the willful death of a human be . the execution be pace deliberately to show the ritualistic tempo of the destruction . ext . wood . the camera pull back , way back and slightly above everything to reveal the entire field . on the leave of the screen , bonnie , clyde and c.w. be scramble toward the edge of the wood . in the center buck and blanche have take cover behind a fall log . in the foreground , police begin to emerge from the wood . the camera zoom rapidly in with they toward buck . blanche be scream . blanche do not kill he ! do not kill he ! he 's die ! buck be make a last feeble attempt . the zoom continue past buck until it come tight on he hand , a lawman 's foot step on he hand . buck fall over . he die . blanche scream . blanche do not die , daddy . do not die ! 99 . she go berserk . five man , one hardly a teen -ager , grab she and hold she as she writhes and cry . she be still wear the sunglass . CUT to : ext . wood and stream . bonnie , clyde , and c.w. day . they have reach the edge of the wood . camera track with they as they run . from all around come the sound of the posse . the three get in through the pine and come finally to a deep stream . they jump in and start across , run awkwardly in chest - deep water . they be half way across when the police appear on the bank behind they , shoot . close-up . bonnie . Day -- as she be struggle through the water . a bullet hit she in the shoulder . we must see this bullet clearly , we must see it go in she flesh so that we can feel it . tight close - up of bonnie 's face as she scream . it be the first time she have be hurt , and the scream be pure animal pain . she cry out . ext . stream and cornfield . day . clyde , who have almost reach the other side , come back and get she . he drag she out of the water and into a cornfield that start grow on the opposite bank , c.w. help . he half - carry half - run with she into the cornfield , as the field get deeper and thicker . they stop for a second . clyde ( panting , to bonnie ) saw ... see a farm ... up ahead ... gotta get ... a car ... he start to give over the wounded bonnie to c.w. bonnie baby , no ... but clyde have not hear this last . work on pure adrenaline now , he struggle onward . camera tilt up slightly so we can see clyde as he essay he way toward a farmhouse with a car in the distance . after a few moment he disappear and we can hear only the crack of the stalk as that sound too diminish , full shot . cornfield . day. silence . 100 . Close . c.w. and bonnie . obviously some time later . they both lie prostrate in the field , listen . c.w. lick he lip . c.w. maybe -- bonnie shhh ! they wait for another long moment , pick up only the tiniest sound . bonnie ( finally ) oh , no . c.w. ( nervously ) what ? what ? bonnie ( as though it be the most logical thing in the world ) I can not die without clyde . I just can not . c.w. look at she as if she 's go crazy . after another moment the corn begin to tremble , and we hear the o.s. sound of a approach car . with c.w. Day -- tentatively lift he head up to clear the corn stalk . with he we see the car loom larger , bear down on we , split the corn stalk . the car finally come to a stop a few foot in front of c.w. bonnie be on she foot , and clyde tumble out of the car , practically before it 's stop , sweeping bonnie into he . for a moment both be in they knee a few foot from the run board of the car , simply hold onto each other and not move . c.w. ( tug at both of they frantically ) c'mon ! c'mon ! c'mon ! abrupt CUT : int . car . about a half hour later . day . they have get away , but be still escape . c.w. be drive . he be bare - chest . clyde be beside he in front , he arm bleed . he fall in and out of consciousness . bonnie be stretch out in back . 101 . her shoulder have be bandage with c.w. 's shirt . she be unconscious . int . car . late day . clyde come half - awake and look over at c.w. clyde head out , c.w. c.w. ( determinedly ) I be goin ' home to my daddy 's farm . dissolve to : ext . road with campsite . the same evening . c.w. be drive down the road , hell for leather . near a campsite , where there be about six okie car and pick - up truck all load down , with a number of poor family seat around a campfire , cooking . c.w. jam on the brake . he get out , look totally exhaust . reaction shot . the face of the okie , look at this sudden presence in they midst . back to c.w. c.w. ( about to drop ) can y'all spare I a little water ? ext . campsite . full shot . one man , the leader of the group , dip a cup of water and approach c.w. suspiciously . he come close enough to make c.w. reach out for the water , but withhold it from he . man who be you , boy ? c.w. name 's moss . this seem to be enough for the man , who give he the water . as c.w. gulp it down , the man begin to circle the car , peer into it suspiciously . suddenly he start and he eye open wide . man ( in really hushed and reverent tone ) it 's bonnie parker and clyde barrow . 102 . he stand there strike dumb , stare . that of the other who have hear he begin to come over . without a word they move quietly to the car and stare in . int . car . bonnie be out in the back seat ; clyde be semi-conscious in the front seat . he look up through half - close eye . ext . car . we see a woman pour a bowl of soup at the campfire and bring it to c.w. he accept it . a man roll a cigarette and light it . then , very gingerly , as if afraid to really touch he , he reach through the window and place it in clyde 's lip . it hang there , clyde unable to drag on it or remove it . Children peer through the back window . c.w. finish he cup of soup . he hand it and the cup of water back to a woman in the crowd . quietly , move together , the okie step back . c.w. walk to the driver 's seat , get in and shut the door . he start up the car . the people push a bit closer for a last look . clyde , unable to do more , nod he head in a barely perceptive gesture by way of say " thank you " t to the people . the cigarette be still dangle from he lip . the car move off . a young boy pull on he father 's shirt . boy who be they , pa ? man that be bonnie and clyde , the bank robber . a woman , nearby , smile sweetly . dissolve to : ext . moss farm . middle of the night . the car pull up outside the slightly ramshackle farm of malcolm moss , c.w. 's father , in arcadia , Louisiana . it sit , for a moment , in the dark . then c.w. honk the horn . a few second pass , and the porch light come on . old man moss come out in he pajamas and peer into the darkness . he be a fat man with gray hair . 103 . malcolm who 's there ? c.w. ( call back ) daddy ? malcolm who 's there ? who be it ? c.w. it 's c.w. it 's clarence . malcolm clarence ! he run down the step , down the path to he son . they greet each other , hugging for a second , look each other over . malcolm God , it 's good to see you , boy ! he hold c.w. at arm 's length to study he , and suddenly he scowl at something he see by the light of the porch . malcolm what 's that on you chest ? c.w. ( puzzle ) huh ? ( realize what he mean ) it 's a tattoo ... I be in trouble . I will tell you about it later . my friend be hurt . help I get them in . malcolm go to car and look inside for a moment . he walk back to c.w . malcolm Jesus , what happen to they ? you in trouble , son ? c.w. yeah . that 's clyde barrow and bonnie parker . ( reaction from malcolm ) we be shot . help I get them inside . we gotta help them . they go to the car and drag the unconscious bonnie out and begin carry she up to the house . 104 . malcolm why would you get yourself mark up ? a tattoo ! what in hell make you do a damn fool thing like that ? they reach the house . c.w. c'mon , pa , open the door . int . sheriff' office in dexter . day . although the scene begin with a full - screen close - up of a newspaper clipping with a photo , it be just a blurry - gray , crowded scene of blanche 's capture . really impossible to make anybody out in the crowd . camera stay on photo as we hear voice over of two man talk : a sheriff and he deputy . billy I be in the bunch that take 'er . see here ? can you make I out ? here I be , see here , right behind Joe boyd here . pete sure enough , billy , be that you head there ? camera pull away , billy , a young deputy -- cold , intense , humorless and square , carefully fold up the clipping and put it in he wallet . billy still can not figure how we let they other two get away . pete ( a older , more genial type ) yeah , seem as how nobody can get them somehow . billy ( sullen ) yeah ... well , maybe this boy will be the one to do it , this hamer guy . Boy if he can not do it , sheriff , be not nobody but the whole U.S. Army can do it . 105 . pete ( with a new note of enthusiasm , get up and walk to the window -- turn to billy ) you hear he quit the ranger on account of Texas get that woman governor . Said he would not work under no woman . billy ( respectfully ) yeah , that 's something ' all right . say , how many they say he shot anyway in he day ? pete sixty - five they say . billy Son of a sea-cook ! the door open . we see , full shot and then fast close - up frank hamer . it should be a complete shock to the audience -- this be the man kidnap by the gang earlier and partially destroy by bonnie . hamer be dress in he Ranger outfit and hat , and again he have that quality of sinister frenzy beneath he calm manner . his attitude toward this lawmen be sheer condescension , friendly only out of convention , really superior and contemptuous of lesser worker in he field . hamer ( with politeness arise from condescension ) Excuse I , be I in the right place ? be this sheriff smoot ? pete and billy jump up from the chair and walk over to hamer , hand extend . they be quite impressed by meeting in the flesh . pete ( mispronounce he name ) Frank Hammer . I sure be pleased to meet you ! ( shake he hand ) hamer hamer . 106 . ext . moss farm . close shot newspaper . day . a coil of rope snap into and through the paper , split it and revealing c.w. 's startle face . clyde stride the porch angrily , snap the rope . bonnie and malcolm be seat along with c.w. through bonnie have she arm support by a sling and clyde have he shoulder bandagedm it be evident by clyde 's heady indignation and bonnie 's attentiveness that both be well on the way to recovery . clyde ( still snap rope ) fled ? what do they mean , fle ? how in the nama God could I leave my brother to die when he be already dead when I leave he ? ( livid ) he be shot in too many piece to pick off the ground ! fled ... what do they know , the papers or the police ?... suddenly he move upon malcolm with enormous intent , as if by pound the point home to the one relative stranger among they , he will justify it all . malcolm momentarily flinch , then listen with intense deference . clyde why , while we be all lyin ' around here , near dead , they have we holdin ' up the Grand prairie National Bank ! they hang that one on we just for luck , I guess . clyde shake he head , still think this over . abruptly , to bonnie , with deadly seriousness : clyde tell you what . soon 's we get well , we be gonna take that bank ! he break into a wick grin , but then reel , catch himself on the porch railing . he 's obviously dizzy from exertion and anger . bonnie start -- then see clyde be in control . clyde ( remark on he own dizziness ) whooooooo , boy ... ( kneel , to bonnie ) they do not know nothin ' - - do they , sugar ? 107 . bonnie ( assure he ) you do all you could , ho and . nobody coulda do more . c.w. have be study hard on the tear paper , b.g. suddenly : c.w. hey . how come I be always call the " un-identified sus-spect ? " Group shot . Porch . c.w. have trouble with this last phrase . bonnie laugh . this pick up clyde 's spirit once more . clyde ( to c.w. ) you can just thank you lucky star that 's all you be . so long 's they do not have you last name , you be home safe . malcolm ( toadying to clyde , talk to clarence ) Mr. barrow 's lookin ' out for you interest , boy . c.w. ( impressed ) oh ... hey , pa , how you like havin ' a coupla big deal stayin ' with you ? malcolm ( friendly as can be ) ai not that something ' for I ? clyde ( back in good mood , expansive ) well now , you be real nice to we , and I tell you what , let we pay you forty dollar for you hospitality , what do you say ? malcolm ( protest vehemently ) no , no , no . I do not want you money . I be just pleased to have you company . any friend of my boy 's ... c.w. ( abruptly ) hey , pa , let 's have supper . I be hungry . 108 . malcolm ( smile ) yeah ...okay , clarence ... ( to clyde ) you be welcome here , now you know that . int . moss house . they go into the house . camera go with they . as soon as they be out of earshot from bonnie and clyde , malcolm turn on c.w. display a entirely different demeanor from the one he present outside . malcolm ( indicate tatto which flutter through c.w. 's open shirt ) you look like trash , boy , mark up like that . cheap trash . c.w. ( protest ) bonnie say it look good . malcolm bonnie , what do she know . she 's just cheap trash herself . look what they do to you , and you do not even get you name in the paper -- just picture put on you skin , by " bonnie and clyde " -- ( more to himself ) -- why they be a coupla kid . c.w. but , daddy -- malcolm I be just glad you mar be not alive to see that thing . c.w. peek at it , peer down at he chest , try to bring the bluebird into focus , puzzle . c.w. I do not see what 's so bad about it ... int . hospital . mo . shot of the room . seat in a soft chair , look directly at we , be blanche barrow . her eye be completely cover with a white bandage . she wear a hospital gown . the room be white and bright . 109 . med. shot . hamer in the doorway . the nurse leave . he reach in he pocket and pull out a white handkerchief . he put it over he mouth to disguise he voice , afraid she will remember it from the kidnap . quietly , almost on tiptoe , hamer walk over to blanche . he get inch away from she face . she still do not know he be there . hamer ( quietly , but suddenly , he voice muffle by the handkerchief ) blanche barrow . she start to she foot , then adjust to he presence . she be a bit panicked . blanche be now a defeat human be . her voice and manner bespeak great weariness , sorrow and still a touch of she old high -strung hysteria . but most of that be go now , like everything else that be really vital in she life . blanche what ? what ? who be it ? hamer ( in a monotone , a relentless questioner ) you know you husband 's dead . blanche ( she voice flat and expressionless ) I know . hamer you be go to prison . blanche I know it . hamer where 's the rest of them ? blanche I do not know . hamer where 's the rest of them ? blanche I just do not know . I do not know . hamer how would you get in with they ? 110 . blanche ( start slow , but warming up to the subject , she begin to talk and talk for the sake of airing she trouble ) I do not mean to . I do not . Buck say we be just goin ' to visit , we would not be doin ' no robbin ' and stealin' , and then we go to joplin and all of a sudden they start shootin' . ( hysteria begin to creep into she voice as she relive it all ) and we run off , God , I be scared . and then it be run all the time , and I want to go , I begge to go , but clyde and bonnie and c.w . -- hamer ( seize on it ) c.w. c.w. who ? blanche c.w. moss . fade out : fade in : ext . car on the moss farm . a dirt path near the barn . day . it be pour rain , middle of the afternoon , bonnie and clyde be inside the car , sit . they have live so much in car that they tend to still spend much of they time in it rather than in a room . there they be themselves . int . car . bonnie be in the back seat , she leg wrap in a plaid blanket , write poetry . she look like Elizabeth Barrett brown . with one essential difference -- she arm be in a sling and she be wear bandage on the shoulder . clyde be in the front seat , read a newspaper . he be also partially bandage . on the dashboard be a box of ginger - snap which he eat while he read . they look domestic . clyde want a ginger - snap , bonnie ? 111 . bonnie ( busy , absorb ) no , hum -umm . ( then she realize he nice gesture and smile warmly at he ) but thanks anyway , clyde . ( she take it all in , she situation , and look content and cozy ) it 's real nice here , just the two of we like this . clyde ( more interested in he paper ) uh-huh . ( something in the paper catch he interest ) look here , honey , remember this ? he hold up the paper ; there be one of the photo from the motel , the one show bonnie smoking . she look up at it with mild interest . bonnie yeah , at the motel . clyde ( study the picture ) you sure do not resemble that no more . Close -up bonnie . she do not . she have become totally fragile , the essence of herself . she be write on a pad . clyde and bonnie . clyde what you writin ' this time ? bonnie ( intensely ) I be write a poem about we . I be write we story . clyde ( this appeal to he ego ) oh , be you ? let 's hear it . if it 's good , I will mail it in to the Law and it will be print in all the papers again . bonnie just let I finish this line . 112 . she do so . clyde munch a cookie . bonnie ( continue ) okay , here it be . close-up . bonnie -- as she read intensely . at the beginning of this montage , the camera remain on she face . behind she we see the rain on the window . bonnie ( read ) " the Story of bonnie and clyde " you have hear the story of jesse James -- of how he live and die : if you be still in need of something to read here 's the story of bonnie and clyde . now bonnie and clyde be the barrow gang I be sure you all have read how they rob and steal and that who squeal be usually find die or dead . they call they cold - heart killer ; they say they be heartless and mean ; but I say this with pride , that I once know clyde when he be honest and upright and clean . but the law fool around , kept take he down and lock he in a cell , till he say to I , " I will never be free so I will meet a few of they in hell . " the road be so dimly light ; there be no highway sign to guide ; but they make up they mind if all road be blind , they would not give up till they die . CUT to : 113. int . police station . day . the manuscript be lie on the police blotter . hamer pick it up and continue read it . he read it in a halting way : hamer the road get dimmer and dimmer ; sometimes you can hardly see ; but it 's fight man to man , and do all you can , for they know they can never be free . from heartbreak some people have suffer ; from weariness some people have die ; but take it all in all , we trouble be small , till we get like bonnie and clyde . Close - up of a newspaper page . the poem be print all the way down the length of one column . on the sound track , bonnie 's voice pick up the recitation : bonnie' voice ( o.s. ) if a policeman be kill in Dallas , and they have no clue or guide ; if they can not find a fiend , they just wipe they slate clean and hang it on bonnie and clyde . int . car . close - up of bonnie . day . the day be sunny and we see it through the car window . she continue read , but now she read it directly from the newspaper : bonnie if they try to act like citizen and rent they a nice little flat about the third night they be invite to fight by a sub-gun 's rat-tat - tat . some day they will go down together ; they will bury they side by side ; to few it will be grief -- to the law a relief -- but it 's death for bonnie and clyde . 114 . bonnie finish the poem , as camera pull back slightly to show that it be a different day , different clothes and the bandage be go . as she stop , she have a expectant and somewhat self - satisfied look . Close - up of clyde . his eye be wide , he mouth open , he face show surprise and delight and he be on the verge of a giant laugh . clyde ( in gleeful wonder ) damn ! that 's I ! a great laugh come burst from he . camera widen to take in bonnie . she be both startle and delighted by he response . clyde ( continue ) in that poem ! bonnie giggle . clyde ( continue ; it be all start to come out now -- he realization that he have make it , that he be the stuff of legend , that he be a important figure ) a sub -gun 's rat-tat - tat ! ( he begin to laugh loudly ) right in the paper ! Close -up bonnie . now laugh too , with a great feel of joy . two shot . bonnie and clyde . clyde jesse James ! you hear ' bout old jesse , now you goin ' to hear ' bout clyde ! he puff up with air and explode like a steam valve . clyde ( continue ) pshhhhhh ! he grab bonnie and chuckle delightedly . 115 . clyde ( continue ) damn , bonnie ! you musta be one hell of a waitress ! close-up . bonnie --laugh , she eye fill with tear . clyde 's hand wipe they away . two shot . clyde ( shaking he head back and forth like a puppy , just so much glee in he that he can not hold it ) oooooh , that clyde ! that 's my boy , that clyde ! he look at she with love and delight , hug she tightly . clyde bonnie ... ( she hug he back ) the poem of bonnie and clyde ! bonnie ( laugh at the mistake , happy ) the Story . clyde the Story of bonnie and clyde ! oh , child , you really do tell that story ! he pull she to he , he face inch away from hers , about to kiss she . she be wait , expect ... suddenly , he let out one wild laugh almost into she mouth . he kiss she . she kiss back . they be chuckle , giggle . they grow more ardent ; they pull back and laugh again . they begin to make love . ext . arcadia STREET . ice cream parlor . day . Bright afternoon . camera across the street from a ice cream parlor . sign about it : " eva' hand - packed ice cream . " a large plate glass window front the store , and through it we can see the people inside seat at table and booth . prominent in we vision be malcolm moss , seat , face camera . he be seat across from another man , but we see he from the back . 116 . malcolm be obviously do a lot of talk and then some hard listen ; gesticulate and look disturb . after a bit of this , he rise from the table and begin walk toward the door . the other man rise and turn . we now see that it be frank hamer . malcolm and hamer come out onto the sidewalk , squinting in the sunlight . malcolm mime some social pleasantry by way of say " goodbye , " but hamer 's face show no emotion of recognition of the gesture . he turn and walk away , walk out of the frame . malcolm stand where he be , in front of the ice cream parlor . by the expression on he face , we can see that he be rather disturb by what he have hear and that he be still grapple with the problem . dissolve to : bonnie and clyde . they lie where they be with one difference -- they be now wrap in the blanket . clyde 's pants be wad up and tangle with he shoe at the base of the blanket . clyde ( chuckle , apparently quite pleased ) damn!...damn ... damn ! he cast a sidelong glance to bonnie , want some sort of over reaction from she . she 's just smile slightly . clyde 's underlying anxiety begin to surface . clyde ( not look at she ) hey , listen , bonnie , how do you feel ? bonnie ( watch he steadily , she slight smile grow ) Fine . clyde I mean you feel like you be s'pose to feel after you have uh ... bonnie just . 117 . clyde ( do not know what the fuck to say , desperately want she approval ) well , that 's good , be not it . reason I ask be , I uh ... well , I figger it 's a good idea to ask . I mean how else do I tell if I do it the way ... bonnie ( stop he , with great warmth ) hey . you do just perfect . clyde look at she for the first time , tremendously relieved . he can see she mean it . now he buoyancy , utterly , unchain break through : clyde I do , do not I ? I mean I do , I really do . I do it , I do , I mean this be my first time and it be just like rollin ' off a log when it come right down to it , it be easy , I mean I do not even have to try ... lovingly , laugh , altogether overwhelm with himself , clyde pull bonnie into he . he kiss she , want to make love again , but then pull back and keep chatter at sixty mile a minute . he 's wait twenty - three year to talk about this , and he 's get the perfect audience . dissolve to : int . kitchen . moss farm . twilight . after dinner . there be four empty plate , but only c.w. and malcolm in the kitchen . c.w. be scraping the bottom of a wilted " eva' hand - packed ice cream " carton . malcolm study he son 's quiet intensity in this direction for a moment , then move very close , whisper when he speak . malcolm ( whisper ) Boy , they expect you to go downtown with them tomorrow ? c.w. ( out loud , lick he ice cream ) who ? 118. malcolm ( raise he own voice , infuriate by he son 's obtuseness ) bonnie and clyde !... ( he slap the carton out of c.w. 's hand ; whisper again ) bonnie and clyde . c.w. sure , I always go with they . malcolm think hard about this . malcolm ... better go then , you better go , better go ... ( force c.w. to sit at table ) -- but when they get back in the car to come on home , do not get in with they . c.w. ( genuinely puzzle ) why , daddy ? malcolm you just listen to you pa fer once ! cai not you do that ? I be yore daddy , I be you kin , not clyde . c.w. ( still confuse ) well , what should I tell them ? " I can not get back in the car with you ? " malcolm be ready to kill -- he son 's obtuseness and he fear of clyde be whipping he into a quiet frenzy . malcolm ( squeezing c.w. 's arm ) no , you tell they nothin' , hear ? ( hesitates , then ) I make a deal and get you off with a coupla year ! c.w. ( a pierce treble ) make a deal with who , daddy ? 119 . malcolm haul off and whacks c.w. across the top of he head with the flat of he hand , then momentarily hold he hand over c.w 's mouth . malcolm ( we can see he own fear ) ... the law . just do not get back in that car . ( eyeball to eyeball ) and whatever you do , do not let onto they , hear ? c.w. suddenly smile , as if he know something . c.w. ( expletive ) whew !... you think they law be gonna catch bonnie and clyde in town ? c.w. return to the ice cream carton--malcolm let he , figure he better find out what he can . malcolm what do you think , clarence ? c.w. ( matter of fact ) they be not gonna catch them . do not matter whether I let on or not . malcolm ( play along ) mebbe . just you be off and the street of that town when they go to get in they car . c.w. ( look directly at malcolm ) nobody catch clyde . clyde 's get a sense , do not you know that , daddy ? nobody catch clyde . malcolm know better , but for just a moment he stare at he son , fear that maybe c.w. , for all he limitation , have a sense about clyde 's sense . c.w. have finish with the carton and crumple it , lick the last remnant of cream off he finger . int . bedroom . moss farm . night . bonnie and clyde 's bedroom , the middle of that night . both be wide awake , lie on opposite side of the double bed . both be stare into the night , disquiet . 120 . clyde ( suddenly ) bonnie ? bonnie , will you marry I ? there be a silent gasp from bonnie , a barely perceptible stiffening . then she talk in a voice falsely formal , still stare up at the ceiling . bonnie how could I do that , clyde ? you know it 's impossible . we would have to go to a justice of the peace and the justice of the peace be a lawman . we could not even take out a license . clyde ( with a chuckle ) hey now , you sound like you be givin ' it some think on you own . bonnie ( with a grim irony , she voice get more and more emotional ) oh no , I never give it think . I have not think about it at least ten time a day , I have not think about it every minute of my life since I meet you . ( suddenly she voice crack into tear ) she fling herself violently across the bed and bury herself into clyde 's chest , she knee draw up , she head tuck down into he , she body shaking with sob . clyde ( a bit startle by this , attempt to hold she , awkwardly , and placate she . he put he arm around she ) bonnie ... be you cry , honey ? bonnie nod yes and slowly get control over she tear . bonnie ( she face still bury in clyde 's chest , she whisper ) clyde , why do you want to marry I ? 121. clyde think a minute and then grin . clyde ( in a attempt to be humorous ) to make a honest woman out of you . bonnie be silent . bonnie ( finally , in a voice charge with anticipation and dream ) clyde ... what would you do , what would you do it some miracle happen and we could walk out tomorrow morning and start all over again , clean , with no record , with nobody after we ? clyde think about it a minute . clyde well ... I guess I would do it all different . first off , I would not live in the same state where we pull we job . we would live in one state and stay clean there , and when we want to take a bank , we would go to another state ... and ... suddenly he realize that he have say the worst thing he could have , that it be not the answer bonnie want to hear . he look down at she , he voice anxious . clyde ( continue ) bonnie ? she be silent . clyde hey , bonnie ? but she do not answer . ext . roadside . early morning . we see malcolm jack up the back wheel of he pickup truck which be park on the side of the road in a wood area . CUT to : 122. ext . arcadia STREET . mid-morning . a street in arcadia . the car be park . bonnie and clyde walk toward the car carry big bag of grocery and supplies and put they inside . clyde ( look around ) what happen to c.w.? bonnie he stop off in that hardware store to get light bulb for he daddy . clyde open the door of the driver 's seat and sit down . int . car . arcadia STREET . day . clyde Boy , my foot be sweatin' . he take off he shoe . bonnie ( kid around ) you plannin ' to drive with you shoe off ? clyde sure , why not ? he reach in he shirt pocket and take out he sunglass . as he go to put they on , one of the lense fall out . clyde damn ! he put they on . bonnie ( laugh ) you gonna wear them ? clyde sure , drive with one eye shut . bonnie get in the car , rummages around in one of the bag and pull out something wrap in tissue paper . she unwrap it and put it up on the dashboard , display it . it be a little porcelain shepherdess hold a crook in she hand , worth about thirty cent . 123. bonnie ( admire it ) be not that the prettiest thing , hon ? just look here , you can see every little fingernail on she hand . she show he . clyde it be a pretty thing , honey . clyde turn on the radio and get some hillbilly music . they be sing " Little Church in the Valley . " he beat time on the steering wheel , get a little impatient . bonnie put she shepherdess away and begin look in the grocery sack . bonnie we get any peach ? I sure could go for a peach right now . she burrow in the bag and come out with a peach . she take a big bite . the juice drip down the side of she mouth . she look beautiful . clyde ( he stop drum he finger , suddenly have a idea ) why not we do it tomorrow ? bonnie do what ? clyde tomorrow 's Sunday , be not it ? we could drive all night and be on that golf course tomorrow morning ! bonnie you sure you feel up to it ? clyde ( enthuse ) yeah , why not ? ( now feel anxious and excited , he be impatient to move ) where be that boy ? he 's go too long . 124 . bonnie ( hum to the radio ) he will be here . ( hold the peach to he ) you take a bite , hon . clyde ( get worried ) no , it 's takin ' too long . what if something happen ? bonnie nothin ' happen . clyde ( more urgently ) go take a look , see what 's keepin ' he . not too delighted with the chore , bonnie go off . we remain with clyde , get anxious . the music play on . bonnie come back , hurriedly , now anxious herself . bonnie he be not there . clyde jump into action , slam he door . clyde c'mon , let 's go . bonnie get in . they drive off . int . store . close - up c.w. day . --hiding inside a store , peer out through a curtain window at they drive away . his expression be disturb ; he face half in shadow . ext . road . day . bonnie and clyde 's car come down the road . camera see from clyde 's p.o.v. malcolm stand in the road , wave he down . the pickup truck , its back jack up , be park beside he on a shoulder of the road . int . car . day . bonnie what 's wrong ? clyde I do not know . 125 . ext . road . clyde reach the spot , pull off the road and stop the car . he get out . camera pull back . clyde talk to the old man , bonnie stay in the car . cut to a shut down the trench of the law , tense . suddenly , a truck load with chicken come riding down the road from the opposite direction . hamer see it from a long way away and realize that he cannot afford to let anything pass between he and he quarry . he decide the time be now . he leap up from the trench and yell at clyde . hamer barrow ! the old man dive under he truck to hide . the shoot start . we see the chicken truck . two man in the front seat . they see ahead of they a incredible shoot match and , in terror , they jam on the brake and leap out of the truck . they run as fast as they can into the meadow , away from the trouble . the gun fight take just second during which law fire eight - seven shot at bonnie and clyde , give they absolutely no chance . the sound be rapid , deafen . at no point in the gun fight do we see bonnie and clyde in motion . we see , instead , two still photograph cut into the sequence : one of clyde , half out of the car , take careful dead aim with he gun , just as he do in the teach scene : one of bonnie , in terror , a pack of cigarettes in she hand clutch tight , look as fragile and beautiful as she can be . the noise stop at once . utter silence . it have be a massacre . bonnie and clyde never have a chance to return the gunfire . we see the car , a complete shamble . we never see bonnie and clyde dead , though for a moment we discern they body slump in the car . the camera pull above the car until it be on a level with the opposite side of the road . then , slowly , the six lawmen stand up in the trench . on the face of the five deputy , horror and shock at what they have just do . hamer , however , register no emotion . his face be a blank . he light a cigarette . slowly , slowly , the five man begin to edge closer to the car to see the result . Music , the wild country breakdown music , begin on the sound track . 126 . before they reach the car , the camera swing away from they , past they , and zoom out and above into the meadow where the two truck driver be stand -- tiny , distant figure . the truck driver begin to walk toward the camera , come back to the road to see what happen . they get closer and closer to the camera until they have reach a middle distance and , as they continue to walk at we , it be -- the end CUT to black .