booksmart by Emily halpern & Sarah haskins and susanna fogel and Katie silberman int . molly room - day molly ( 18 , hardcore , sleep with a titanium biteguard ) meditate as she listen to a motivational tape . motivational voice ( 0.s. ) good morning , winner . take a deep breath . ( take a deep breath ) good . you be ready to dominate this day . her small bedroom be cramme with textbooks , notebook , real book , academic award . motivational voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) you have work harder than everyone , and that be why you be a champion . photo of woman like Michelle Obama , rbg , Susan B. Anthony and gloria steinham line she bookshelve . motivational voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) you understand that greatness take sacrifice . visualize what you still want to achieve . a '' valedictorian '' ribbon lay across a graduation gown hang on she mirror . motivational voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) stand upon the mountain of you success and look down at everyone who 's ever doubted you . ( a beat ) fuck that loser . fuck they in they stupid , fuck face . Molly 's eye pop open . she remove she biteguard . int . amy car - day / ext . molly apartment build - day Amy ( 18 , a big-heart social justice warrior ) pull up to Molly 's building , honk just as Molly come outside -- they have this time perfectly . Molly do a little dance for Amy as she walk to the car . amy oh shit . oooh , shit . look at she go . hold the phone . I be come ... ( continued ) 2 . continued : Amy get out of the car and start dancing with molly on the sidewalk . they dance for a long , long beat . molly I miss you . amy I miss you . so much . molly it 's be one night . they just keep dance . amy be we gonna go to school , or ... molly I do not think we be . amy nope , we be just gonna stay right ... here . ext . crocket high school - day Amy 's rickety volvo pull up to they high school , already buzzing with rambunctious , giddy student practically vibrate with last - day -energy . ext. / int . crockett high school - day the courtyard buzy with loud , everybody 's shriek or laugh or cry with they friend . Molly and Amy walk through like salmon swim upstream , dodging skateboarders . they pass a emotional girl cry with she friend -- emotional girl I mean this be the best four year of we life ! Molly give Amy a look . molly can you imagine a world in which this be actually the best four year of we life ? ( continued ) continued : amy maybe if I immediately lose all my limb , and my eyesight and hearing , and I be just like a human potato . I would be like , '' remember when I have my limb and could see and hear ? that be the best four year . '' molly or if I be convict of a crime I do not commit and spend the rest of my life in a thai prison . amy if I spend the rest of my life read in the backseat of a car . molly you do get so carsick . they walk inside , where it 's even rowdier . Molly push she way through the chaos -- molly ( cont ’d ) where be this energy at my inauguration assembly , folk ?! int . principal brown 's office - day Molly and Amy stop outside principal brown 's office as he finish the morning announcement on a PA system . principal brown ... and please do not attempt a senior prank . I have eye and ear every where and you will not succeed . I do not wanna have to suspend you right before graduation . I hope I never have to see any of you again . all right , signing off . gooooo crockett ! he turn off the PA system , put it away , when -- molly principal Brown . principal brown ( " kill I '' ) Molly . Amy . what 's shaking ? ( continued ) continued : he stand molly I be try to make the transition to next year 's student government President as seamless as possible so when I be up in New Haven -- principal brown Yale . you can say just Yale . amy we class 's official policy be to not discuss where people be attend next year . we do not want anyone to feel insecure . principal brown very thoughtful . molly anyway , I need to go over the end - of - year budget number we have . principal brown really ? can not you just do it with Nick ? he 's you vice President . molly we both know Nick only run for vp because they plan the dance . that position be basically a popularity contest . he 's useless . principal brown lady , it 's the last day . we do it ! we get you through high school . and walk over to they . principal brown ( cont ’d ) can not we just graduate ? head off to college ? celebrate this wonderful achievement ? he start slowly close the door . principal brown ( cont ’d ) let 's just focus on get through the rest of the day without anything horrible happen , okay ? molly I be sorry , be you shutting the door on we ? this be not subtle . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) molly ( cont 'd ) you can not just close the door . we will persist -- he shut it in they face . int . hallway - crockett high school - day Molly and Amy walk back down the hallway . Amy watch as nick hold court with he friend tanner and Theo and a ton of girl all try to flirt with he . Nick ram he head into he locker , pop it open . everyone laugh . amy it be kinda impressive . Nick 's like the great equalizer . delegate from every group of girl be casting they ballot for he penis . a hot girl , triple a , giggle at Nick , touch he chest . molly and triple a take the lead ! amy do not call she that . molly everyone call she that . she give '' roadside assistance '' to three senior guy last year . amy and do you hear they get degrade nickname ? molly they call Sam Ross '' Dick splinter . '' amy that 's not derogatory . it 's a factual description . Sam Ross have a actual splinter in he penis . int . miss fine 's classroom - day Molly and Amy walk up to miss fine ( 30 , they teacher crush ) sit at the teacher 's desk . molly / amy hi miss Fine ! ( continued ) continued : miss Fine hold up a complete NY time crossword . miss fine Seven minute twenty second . Molly and Amy groan and hold up the same crossword . amy nine forty - three . miss fine what be I gonna do without you two next year ? nobody else here even attempt the Thursday puzzle . molly we will still send you we Sunday time . Amy and I be gonna skype the crossword every weekend . miss fine you know what ? I be gonna give you guy my number . if you have any question or need anything next year , text I . they try to play it cool , but this be the best moment of they life . they each try to hand she they own phone , but Molly box Amy out and get hers into miss Fine 's hand . triple a walk in and roll she eye -- triple a I think phone be not allow in class , miss Fine . unless there 's a exception for ass kisser ? miss fine you better put a dollar in the swear jar . ( hold out she hand ) the swear jar be my hand . give I a dollar . triple a shrug innocently . triple a I be so sorry , this short do not have pocket . GEORGE and alan , two magnificently dramatic theater kid , push they way toward they seat -- ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) GEORGE excuse I ! ( as he sit ) there be no spacial awareness at this school ... Molly and Amy squeal over miss Fine 's number as they settle into they desk . hope ( gorgeous , intimidating ) watch . hope hey , Amy . ( Amy turn ) do you just score you teacher 's phone number ? amy yeah ! hope ( fatally sarcastically ) Nice . hope smirk at she and settles back into she seat . Amy frown , stung . theo and tanner drop into they seat behind Molly and Amy . theo call up to miss Fine -- Theo miss Fine , you gonna come party with we tonight ? molly do you just ask miss Fine if she want to party with you ? you think she want to watch you and you friend get drunk and break thing ? Theo sorry , I be have a conversation with she , you be not a part of this -- molly sit down , theo . theo glare but sit just as sweet , eager jare ( 18 ) walk in . he 's deck out in the most expensive stuff possible , but try too hard to ever be truly cool . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) jare what up miss Fine ! just want to drop off a last - day present for my favorite teach ! miss fine Jared , you be not my student . jare I have hear great thing . ( to the class ) and everybody else get they graduation gift , right ? he show off the shirt he 's wear : a series of photo of he face inside he face inside he face . he steal jare ( cont 'd ) pretty cool , right ? jare - bear come at you from all angle . GEORGE nobody ask for that . jare ( play with the shirt ) Big I , littler I , little baby jare at the bottom . baby jare say '' happy graduation , everybody ! '' hope nobody 's gonna wear a shirt with you face on it , Jared . not even ironically . jare well , agree to disagree , because they be out in the cafeteria now -- miss fine Jared ! go! jare I be go . I be out of here . ( then , quickly ) bye Molly . one last look at Molly and hurry away as George and Alan jump on the makeshift stage at the front of the room . ( continued ) continued : ( 4 ) alan Fair townspeople . ( no reaction ) Fair townspeople ! GEORGE fair townspeople , I swear to GOD . alan Mark thy calendar and plan thy trip to the Drama Department 's summer program : Shakespeare in the park-ing lot . GEORGE we will be perform the bard 's comedy as modern tragedy outside Whole Foods across town ! ( very pleased with himself ) it 's something we do last year in my program in barthelona . when I live in barthelona . Molly close she eye , too annoyed to retort . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I will be direct and Alan may be star pend audition . alan I do not audition , I be offer only . they hop off the stage and start hand out flyer . amy it sound awesome , but I will not be here . molly Amy 's spend the summer in botswana help woman make they own tampon . GEORGE Gross . amy blood attract lion . I be save life . ( continued ) 10 . continued : ( 5 ) molly and I can not either because I be work all summer and also I do not want to . GEORGE you be a philistine . molly who would do theater when you could do debate ? GEORGE some of we know how to play well with other . molly and some of we know how to win . GEORGE nobody 's win in that outfit . George glare at she as miss Fine stand and clap she hand -- miss fine get in that seat . we still have one day of school leave . Molly , why do not you start we off . Molly stand as the rest of the class groans . molly thank you , Ms. Fine . if you guy recall how I end yesterday ... Amy sit back to watch , adoringly , as she best friend present to the class . ext . lunch room - crockett high school - day Molly walk she lunch past Nick as he 's try to catch chip theo 's throw in he mouth . she approach he . molly Nick -- nick one second . molly Nick , we need to finalize the budget . can you focus for 2 secon -- ( continued ) 11 . continued : he miss a chip , laugh . molly ( cont ’d ) Nick I really need you -- nick sorry , we be play a game where I have gotta catch it in my mouth , it 's complicated . molly yes , it look super complicated . Molly give up and walk over to Amy sit at a table . molly ( cont ’d ) I can not believe I have to put up with Nick as my vp for a whole year . he 's allergic to work . he just goof off and dick around -- Molly realize Amy be not listen -- she 's stare off at a beautiful skater do trick with she friend . molly ( cont ’d ) just go talk to Ryan . amy oh , no . no thank you . I be good . molly cool . then I will go talk to Ryan . Molly move like she 's go to dash over and Amy jump to she foot . Molly give she a look . amy Fine ! Fine . Amy take a deep breath and psych herself up as she walk over there . she 's so distract by the psyching of herself up that she do not notice Ryan start to skate away and slam right into she , knock she off she board . amy ( cont 'd ) oh my god Ryan , I be so sorry ! ryan ( laugh ) you be get some sharp elbow . ( continued ) 12 . continued : ( 2 ) amy not as sharp as you ... chin. ( a awkward beat ) can you believe it 's the last day ? ryan I know , it 's crazy . you do not have to waste you free period tutoring I french anymore . amy ( blush ) I do not mind . it be my job . ryan hey , be you come to Nick 's tonight ? his aunt 's on a cruise ship that break down and everyone get norovirus so he 's have a party at she house . amy that sound so cool . ryan no , it 's super bad . they be all shitting in bucket and they be stick on a boat . amy no I mean -- never mind . Ryan laugh . Amy laugh , too , not really sure why . then a bro ride by between they and Amy panic and use the distraction to hurry back to Molly . molly what be you do ? go back ! amy it 's fine . really . I do not even know if she 's into girl . molly she wear a polo shirt to prom . amy that 's just she gender performance , not she sexual orientation . molly I be sorry , but I do not get it . ( continued ) 13 . continued : ( 3 ) amy well gender be a construct of -- molly that much I understand , thank you . it 's just a little bit shocking that you be into Ryan . you first crush be the little white cat from the aristocat . you go from that to avril lavigne ... it 's just not what I anticipate . amy I just like that she 's always in a good mood . and she cute laugh . she seem like a fun person to have sleepover and lie around with . molly Excuse I ? I be a fun person to have sleepover and lie around with . that 's literally all we do . amy yeah but with she there have be more ... vagina involved . Amy watch longingly as Ryan laugh with some other girl . amy ( cont 'd ) she say Nick 's have a party tonight . molly of course he would . he 's so stupid . someone always get arrest the night before graduation . Molly see Amy watch and put she arm around she . molly ( cont ’d ) Amy do you know how many cute lesbian be go to be crawl up you vag at Columbia next year ? every time I come to visit you be gonna be scissor a different girl . you be gonna be like Edward scissor - leg . snip leave and right ... amy dude , we have be over this . scissor be not a thing . ( continued ) 14 . continued : ( 4 ) molly how bout we do not knock it till we try it ? ext . courtyard - crockett high school - day as a classic 70 's muscle car screech past they and into a spot in the student lot . Amy shake she head , annoyed . amy here come the one percent . Jared 's drive and gigi ( 18 , gorgeous , wild ) lean out of the passenger seat , she hair in the wind . amy ( cont 'd ) that car should be in a museum . the Museum of death . because its smog be kill we all . Jared park and gigi turn , confuse -- gigi Jared , I say door to door ! molly they spend every minute together . it 's so weird . amy we spend every minute together . molly but we be equal . gigi 's just keep Jared around for when she need a liver . they watch gigi start crawl up Jared 's windshield . amy you think it 's true he dad get he a sex worker for he 14th birthday ? molly it 's too weird of a story to make up . and there be too many specifics . she have a hearing aid , he sprain he ankle ... Jared notice they stare and wave -- ( continued ) continued : 15 . jare what up chicas ! ( then ) you guy hungry ? I bring back some soup dump ! they be probably a little soggy now , but they be great cold ! molly oh , God . I be go to pee in you weirdass bathroom , watch my stuff . amy ( call after she ) until all of we can pee without genitals , none of we can ! int . genderless bathroom - day Molly be pee in a stall when she notice graffiti on the wall : '' you ugly . '' she take grammar as molly this motherfucker . you ugly what ? a pen from she pocket and correct the graffiti 's Theo and tanner enter the bathroom , mid - conversation . in she sta Theo okay , so , I would marry the sex doll , fuck the soccer ball , and kill Molly . tanner ( laugh ) dude , no . 11 , Molly freeze . Theo there 's no other way . I can not fuck she cause you know when I be scared I can not get hard . I can not marry she cause I do not believe in the institution . I have to kill Molly . and I know it 'il haunt I . I 'ma peaceful person . outside , another stall door open and triple a emerge . ( continued ) continued : 16 . triple a be you talk about Molly davidson ? that girl be so weird . she always act like she 's like , forty . Theo I wish she be forty , man . woman in they forty know themselves . tanner she 's cute , but she have probably make you quiz she on sat analogy while you be fuck she . Theo her vag be probably stuff with diploma , how you wanna bet ? I bet it 's like a filing cabinet . tanner I have get no problem with a filing cabinet . I would make passionate sex to Molly davidson . ( a beat ) I would just put a bag over she personality . triple a Molly 's like a butterface for personality . a butterpersonality . they all laugh . in the stall , Molly 's try not to cry . she take a deep breath -- and then she set she jaw , stand and walk out . everyone stop , awkward . molly do not stop on my account . Cause you know what ? my vag be stuff with diploma , and soon it 's go to be stuff with job offer , and glow profile , and commendation from my governor , because while you be study for ap Hand Jobs I be kick ass and busting curve . and that mean I get to keep do that at Yale next year . so , yeah , I like my choice . and wherever you be next year , I hope you do too . a beat . Molly 's kind of impressed with herself . that speech be fuck awesome . until -- ( continued ) 17 . continued : ( 2 ) triple a I be go to Yale , too . Molly just stare at she for a moment . molly what ? triple a I be incredible at hand job . but I also get a 1560 on the sat . molly no you do not . triple a I get in early . molly to Yale ? triple a ( innocently ) tanner , where be you go to school ? tanner I be play soccer at Stanford . molly Stanford University ? what be you guy talk about ? Theo I be not go to college . ( then ) I get recruit to code for Google . it 's not Apple but the benny be tight and it 's mid six - figure . molly you fail the seventh grade twice . Theo ( shrugging ) rule of three . Molly look between they , realize -- molly you guy be be serious ? ( continued ) 18 . continued : ( 3 ) triple a I may pretend I do not know you next year . no offense . molly that 's not -- you be not -- this be not possible . you guy do not even care about school . triple a no , we just do not only care about school . a kernel of panic start grow in Molly 's stomach . int . hallway - crockett high school - day Molly march out of the bathroom . she run into Amy , who notice Molly 's face -- amy what 's wrong ? Molly see Nick run past they and grab he . molly Nick , where be you go next year ? nick for college ? I think the whole thing be that we be not supp -- molly just tell I . nick georgetown , jeez . Amy 's surprised . Nick just take off again . Molly see hope adjust she makeup in the reflection of a trophy case -- molly hope , where be y-- hope I could not be less interested in whatever 's happen here . Molly just keep march down the hall toward gigi . ( continued ) 19 . continued : molly gigi ! Quick question . where be you go to school next year ? gigi do not judge I . it be my fifth choice . ( then , disappointed ) Harvard . that 's it . Molly 's head explode , just as the bell ring , people flood out of class , and Nick come back around the corner , raise he arm --— nick senior rule !! he put on a snorkel as he and he friend pull out_bucket of condom water balloon and start throw they everywhere . suddenly it 's total joyful chaos . colorful splashes explode everywhere . two skater ride down the hallway spraying FIRE extinguishers . everybody 's shriek and laugh and have the time of they life -- except for Molly . in slow -motion a condom water balloon fly through the air and explode on Molly 's face , and we CUT to .... int . amy car - day Amy drive a silent , soaking wet Molly . ext . picnic table - the valley - dusk Molly lean against a well - wear picnic table , in shock . Amy 's set out a cake and a memory BOX and be play a auto - harp , make up a song to try to cheer Molly up . amy if you do not say something in the next ten minute / I be gonna take you to the hospital / I do not wanna say I be get concerned / but to be honest I be get concerned -- molly triple a ?! Fucking triple a ?! this be fucked . Amy slide away the auto-harp . ( continued ) continued : 20 . amy ok , that 's obviously not help ... molly we choose . we do not party because we want to focus on school and get into good college . amy and it work . molly but the irresponsible people who party also get into good college ! they do both ! amy so ? molly so we mess up ! we do not have to choose ! they do both and we be the only asshole who do one ! amy we be not asshole ! let 's just have some cake and celebrate the end -- molly this be not a time to celebrate . ( turn back to Amy ) we have to go to a party tonight . amy what ? molly let 's go to Nick 's party . amy be you kid ? no way . molly we only have one night leave to have study and party in high school . otherwise we will always be the girl who miss out . we never make out with stranger or snuck out and have to sneak home without waking up we parent or break any rule ! amy we break rule ! we have fake id . ( continued ) continued : 21 . ( 2 ) molly Fake college id so we could get into they 24 - hour library ! amy that count . plus , what 's so great about break rule ? name one person whose life be better cause they break rule . molly Picasso . amy that 's not -- he break art rule . name someone who break a real rule -- molly Rosa Parks . amy ( a beat ) name anoth -- molly Susan B. Anthony . amy goddamnit . molly I be serious , Amy . everyone think we be this robot . they think all we care about be take a million aps and get into Yale and editing Law Review at georgetown and clerk for a Federal judge between junior and senior Year before eventually be the youngest justice ever nominate to the Supreme Court of the United States ! ( then , awkwardly ) in my case . you get my point . no one know we can be fun too . amy we do . we know . molly ( intense ) they need to know . ( continued ) 22 . continued : ( 3 ) amy who 's '' they ? '' molly we be not one-dimensional . we be smart and fun . we have to do this . amy this be crazy . we graduate tomorrow . what if we get in trouble ? molly you know we be too smart for that . plus Ryan want you to come . she 's gonna be there and you be finally gonna make a move . amy ( flustered ) what ? that -- she -- no . Molly sit next to Amy . molly you have be out for two year and you have never kiss a girl . I want you to experience this . ( intense ) and what will I be do during that time ? I be go to experience a seminal fun anecdote , and we be gonna change we storey . forever . Amy 's crack . amy we be gonna watch that Ken burn thing ... Molly know she 's get she . she jump up , pump -- molly the Dust bowl can wait , bitch ! what take they four year , we be gonna do in one night . she 's so pump that she grab the cake and toss it off the hill . music 's up as we CUT to ... 23 . int . amy room - night a cozy flurry of protest sign , book , and photo of lady heroes like gloria steinem and Jane goodall . Molly and Amy burst inside and begin get ready to go out : -- Molly throw open a drawer label '' molly , '' full of she clothes , look for a outfit . -- Molly and Amy admire each other 's outfit : molly no . not acceptable . amy nope . this be not okay . molly who allow you to be this beautiful ? amy who allow you to be this beautiful ? molly who allow you to take ? my breath ? away ? amy call the paramedics , all the police , because there have be a emergency ! molly you be stunning . I have no breath -- -- Molly and Amy watch a youtube refresher on self - defense move . they practice the grip escape move . -- Molly stuff a copy of she passport and they fake ucla id in a hidden money belt people use when travel abroad . -- Amy twist a mace keychain on she key , demonstrate how it work to Molly : amy okay , this be important . always make sure the safety be on -- spppp . it spray mace . Molly scream . Amy scream -- ( continued ) continued : amy ( cont 'd ) the safety 's not on ! do not touch you eye ! int . amy room - night 24 . Amy put some finish touch on she outfit . she look over and see Molly write something at she desk . amy what be y-- be you make a checklist for a night of party ? molly of course I am. ( go over it ) killer outfit , safety tutorial , check check . get address , secure safe transportation , you find Ryan , flirt for 15 - 20 minute , bring she somewhere more quiet , ride she like a pony , I prove I be fun , home by 1 . amy be you gonna hook up with anybody ? Molly scoff very loudly . molly no . no way . High school boy be just horny , pimply distraction . Men do not even come online till they be 28 and then they do not peak till they be like 40 . I be hold out for a econ of next year . amy if Ryan want to go further than make out , I have no idea what to do ... down there . molly of course you do . you have the same part she do , just take whatever you do to yourself and turn it upside down . amy ( redden ) I do not really do anything ... ( continued ) 25 . continued : molly guy talk about this stuff all the time ! it 's honestly offensive that we do not . it 's misogynistic of we ! a long pause . amy what if I do not use my hand ? molly ( impressed , whisper ) you can make yourself come use only you mind ? that 's like the one thing my mind can not do ! amy no ! I use ... other stuff . Molly follow Amy 's eye to she bookshelf . molly a book ?! that 's very freudian . but I have worry about paper cut . amy no ! like , something soft . can we please stop talk about this ? Molly eye a couple of stuff animal on Amy 's shelf . molly the alligator ? reveal a cute fuzzy alligator with a long , phallic snout . amy no . can we just -- molly the dog ? amy stop . my grandma get I that right before she die . molly just tell I what -- amy the panda , okay ? whatever . ( continued ) 26 . continued : ( 2 ) Molly eye a innocent- look panda bear on the shelf . it 's miss a eye . molly what happen to he eye ? amy ( quickly ) that fall off way before anything happen with we . molly do he talk dirty ? tell you how he 's endangered ? amy stop ! molly you be such a sneaky bitch ! I can not believe I do not know you have be mount that old fuzzy panda every night ! ( then ) honestly , it 's kinda exhilate . I think we know everything about each other . it 's probably healthy for a relationship to have a secret , and now we have one . Amy nod a little too quickly , but Molly do not notice . molly ( cont ’d ) do I have any ? I once try to masturbate with a electric toothbrush but I just get a terrible uti . amy I wish that have be a secret , but you have mention it many , many time . int . live room - amy 's house - day Amy and Molly sneak out of Amy 's room . Amy 's get a overnight bag . they be in puffy coat to hide they outfit . amy I need you to do the talk . ( continued ) continued : they round 27 . molly why do not you just tell they we be go to a party ? amy they 'il ask too many question and try to call Nick 's aunt . I have never lie to my parent before and you know when I lie I add too many detail . just make up a story . but do not say we be have a date night or anything . molly why ? it 's funny that you parent think we be secretly bone . amy you be not the one who have to deal with they creepy smile when I tell they I be meeting you at the library . when I be actually meeting you at the library . molly at least they support you . I would not have expect that , give they whole ... Jesus ... thing . it 's nice ! the corner to find Amy 's mom charmaine ( 40s ) and father doug ( 40s ) prepare dinner in the kitchen . amy molly ( cont 'd ) heeeeeeeeey . hil doug charmaine , get to the safe room . we be be rob by supermodel ! charmaine you girl look fabulous ! and smart . and also brave . doug you guy cold ? I will start a fire , or I all turn up the heat ! get that jacket off , dinner 's almost ready ! charmaine try one of this . I be call they '' diplo-meatballs . '' they be vegan . ( continued ) 28 . continued : ( 2 ) Molly step forward to take one but Amy hold she back . amy ( sotto to Molly ) nope . we can not engage . molly char-char , dougsicle ... we be wonder ... be it okay if Amy sleep over at my house ? a beat . charmaine the night before graduation ? molly my mom can take we to the ceremony . we just want more time together before she leave for Africa . doug but we make mushroom - cap-and -gown . there be special name for all of this thing . ( point to a dish ) chip and sal - so Long , High School ! ( point to another dish ) cheese and sala-me , be you dad , be the great honor of my life . ( point to another dish ) melba toast to you future -- charmaine grab he arm and give he a meaningful look . charmaine but you know what , we get it . we understand . we do . because what you girl have be very special . molly it really be . they say you never forget you first ... amy friend . molly special friend . amy normal friend . ( continued ) 29 . continued : ( 3 ) molly we be just so grateful we will have the whole night . to really show each other just how much we care about each other . charmaine that 's great . molly every inch of each other . amy ( quickly ) we will probably just do a Korean face mask . charmaine I do not need to know all the word . ext . amy 's house - night Molly and Amy run outside , zipping off they puffy coat . Amy stuff they in the overnight bag , toss the overnight bag into the bush , and they sprint down the street . more social media video and photo quick cut of party footage -- people chicken fight in the pool ...a drunk guy bounce off a trampoline and land in the pool with a belly flop ... two guy wear lampshade on they head run and slam into each other like bull . a audience watch tanner eat a ghost pepper , then freak out -- ext . STREET - night Amy 's watch this on she cell as Molly make phone call . amy oh my God he eat a ghost pepper . he need milk . someone get he milk ! ( then , swiping through ) dude a lot of people be already there . molly ( hang up , frown ) fuck , no one 's answer . ( yell at she phone ) somebody give we the address ! ( continued ) 30 . continued : amy we have never hang out with any of this people outside of academic activity . they probably think we be call about school stuff . molly you be right . let 's just call a lyft . amy we still do not know where we be go ! we have need a lyft driver who know where Nick 's aunt life . Molly frown , then get a idea . molly we might have one of that . she dial a number . amy who be you call ? molly do not worry about it ... chica . amy what ? ext . STREET - night a 70 's muscle car roll up in front of they . the window roll down ... revealing jare in the driver 's seat . he be thrilled . jare all aboard the ss liiiit ! ( second-guess himself ) -..as fuck ! the ss lit as fuck ! molly Jesus Christ . jare I be so glad you call ! sorry it take I so long , traffic be nert -- he scramble out of the car as Amy glare at Molly . ( continued ) 31 . continued : amy this car be like guy fieri 's wet dream . molly it 's a mean to a end , Amy ... Jared overly - suavely open the door for Molly . jare May I offer you the front , mademoi-- Molly climb in the back . jare ( cont 'd ) or the back , the back 's even better . great air flow back there . int . jare 's car - night Jared get in the driver 's seat and grin back at the girl . jare time for some night we will never remember with some friend we ’1ll never forget ! molly you know where the party be , right ? jare absolutely . we be head to the biggest , coolest grad night party . it 's over on the west side . he turn on the car and the audiobook for '' lean in '' by sheryl sandberg start blast . a beat . jare ( cont 'd ) oh , this be embarrassing . you catch I . I have this thing where I like to hear the word of powerful woman before I party to remind myself of the respect and awe you lady deserve . Molly and Amy just stare at he . a awkward beat . jare ( cont 'd ) let 's put something peppier on , get this party start ! ( continued ) 32 . continued : he peel out , screeching he tire . int . jare 's car - a little later the muscle car fly down the highway , music blasting . Jared 's phone ring -- '' gigi calling '' -- and he hit ignore . jare sorry about that . molly just get it . be not she you girlfriend or something ? jare what ?! no ! no way . no girlfriend for I . I can not pick favorite . too many lady wanna lock this down . and they do not have the code ! 2831 . that 's my pin number , actually . so it be a code -- gigi call again , stop the music and save Jared from himself . jare ( cont 'd ) sorry , I will just -- ( answer it ) what 's up , gigi ? gigi ( 0.s. ) Jared , where the fuck do you go ? I leave my tin of special thing in you car and I need it . jare okay ! we be come ! jeez . he hang up and floor it . Molly reach under the front seat and find a mint tin . molly do I want to know what a tin of '' special thing '' be -- she open it and it 's fill with white powder . Molly slam the tin close again . molly ( cont 'd ) okay . okay this be drug . this be a tin full of drug . ( continued ) 33 . continued : amy what ?! jare ( jump , startle ) what ?! amy ( laugh too loudly ) hey Jared ! Jared ! we be actually just gonna hop out up here . jare what ? molly she 's kid . amy no I be not . we friend just texted we that she ... hit a possum with she car . but the possum do not die , its adrenaline and rage just make it stronger and it 's chase she and she 's hide and she need help -- jare oh my God . what kind of possum ? Jared start to merge right ... molly do not get off . keep drive . jare be she gonna be okay ? do we wanna call she and make sure the possum -- molly enough about the possum ! ( a lightbulb ) Jared , you take Spanish , right ? jare Si si , mis bonita mujer . without miss a beat , Molly switch to fluent chinese . molly it 's gonna be fine . trust I . Amy reply , also in fluent chinese . they be so distract that they do not realize Jared 's pull to a stop . ( continued ) 34 . continued : ( 2 ) amy do not patronize I . what if gigi take it and die and we print be on the tin ? chain of custody ! criminally negligent homicide ! molly ( open the tin ) we print be not on the powder . we could pour it out the window -- ext . marina / int . jare ’'s muscle car - night Jared jerk the car to a full stop , jolting the girl and the tin and send the powder everywhere . they freeze , horrify , as the dust literally settles all over they . jare and we be here ! ( see the mess ) oh , shit . amy what do we do what do we do what -- molly do not move . do not inhale . amy we be go to jail . there be drug in my orifice -- jare what ? no no no -- that 's not drug . that 's gigi 's vitamin . amy her what ? jare you know , vitamin D , B - 12 ... gigi crush they up and snort they . she say they work better that way . he start to brush it off Molly -- jare ( cont 'd ) we will get you clean up on board ! Molly slap he hand away , then realize -- ( continued ) 35 . continued : molly what do you mean '' on board ? '' ext . marina - night Molly and Amy follow Jared to a dock lead to a party yacht . it look like thing be raging inside -- music pump and light dance around the interior . a red carpet and step - and-repeat lead up to a doorman guard the entrance . jare you say you want to go to the best party , so I bring you to the best party ... which be my party ! he point to a sign above the dock -- jare ( cont 'd ) prepare to get bashed ( realize ) not in like a violent way . completely consensual bashing . '' prepare to get consensually bashed . '' I 'il have they change that . what do you think ? molly be you serious ?! this be you party ? jare you do not know wanna go to Nick 's lame house party . a boat be international water . we set we own rule . just come check it out . it 's sick . the caterer say it 's the best party they have ever be to ... and they work sasha Obama 's sweet 16 . Molly look at Amy , who shrug -- amy we still do not know where the other party be . we might as well . I wanna meet someone who meet sasha . Molly sigh . molly Fine . respect for sasha . ( continued ) 36 . continued : she turn back to Jared , throw she arm up -- molly ( cont 'd ) okay . Jared can not believe it . jare yeah ?! ( try not to freak out ) let 's go ! int . jare 's party yacht - night a giddy Jared lead Molly and Amy up the stair to the boat . jare you ready ? you get excited ? they reach the top and Jared dance he way into a completely empty boat , music echoing , table of food leave untouched . jare ( cont 'd ) ( still giddy ) welcome to the club ! amy ooh , no . jare we be on a boat right now ! what 's up with that ? molly there 's not a soul here , Amy . Molly pass a table of gift bag with Jared 's photo on they . molly ( cont ’d ) this be insane . he make gift bag ? ( almost concerned ) there 's a iPad in here ! jare ( appear behind he ) pre-loaded with photo of we best high school memory ! class of 2019 say what ! Champagne ? he take they on a tour of the boat -- ( continued ) 37 . continued : jare ( cont 'd ) there 's also a masseuse in the back , male or female , and a photo booth , gambling over there ... they hear a feral roar and suddenly gigi be sprinting toward they , grab onto and squeezing Molly and Amy way too hard . gigi i'm so happy you guy be here ! I know you guy party . I tell Jared , that guy seem quiet but they be probably spend every weekend at like , a sex dungeon . she jokingly bite Amy 's arm . Amy laugh a little , terrify . then gigi gasp -- gigi ( cont 'd ) oooh try one of this strawberries ! she grab a plate of strawberry and shove it at they so forcefully they just take it and eat it . amy this be pretty good -- gigi wait . she grab Amy 's hair and start sniff it , then sucking it . gigi ( cont 'd ) you taste like my vitamin ! I love you . you be come with I . dance party upstair ! gigi grab Amy 's hand and drag she away . Amy shoot Molly a '' help I '' look as Jared try to get back to the tour -- jare wanna put we name on the list for the masseuse ? or a vr experience ? look what I find ! he put a customize '' Molly '' hat on she head . jare ( cont 'd ) you look amazing . a waiter walk up , desperate to give somebody food -- ( continued ) continued : 38 . ( 2 ) appetizer waiter buffalo chicken spring roll ? jare ( take one , then ) this be like the pre-game . vip only . but people will come . I get all this food , I have free alcohol , drug ... I do not even do drug , but other people will . second appetizer waiter portabella slider ? Jared take two . Molly gesture around the room -- molly dude , this do not work . you can not ... buy people 's affection . jare I be pretty sure you can . I have see it a lot . my parent do . they parent do . molly just -- stop try so hard . it 's embarrassing . people can sense it , and it turn they off . jare but you try hard . you try hard at everything . that 's what I like about you . Molly 's startle . and suddenly self - conscious . and awkward . jare ( cont ’d ) molly I just mean -- I be gonna - - go -- this way . she turn to go , run right into a third waiter -- she take third appetizer waiter Lamb meatb -- molly oh my God you guy be everywhere . a meatball and hurry away . 39 . ext . yacht upper deck - night Amy stand to the side as gigi dance under the twinkle light like penny Lane in almost famous , a joint hang out of she mouth . gigi offer it to Amy -- gigi you want ? amy no thank you . not a drug person . gigi not even pot ? I feel like it 'il help you relax . amy it do not work for I . I eat a legal pot brownie when model UN go to Amsterdam but as soon as I get high I just cry about the fact that one day my mom will die . gigi that 's crazy ! I have the exact same thing ! amy really ? gigi yes ! I lose my virginity in what I think be a park , but it turn out to be a graveyard and now the ghost spirit live inside my egg , wait to be reborn . amy that 's ... not at all the same thing . gigi I always feel like we be similar . I be really gonna miss you . a waiter climb up to the deck and see Amy and gigi- - yacht waiter hey , you guy can not smoke up here . gigi turn to the waitress , suddenly intense . and mama - bear defensive of Amy . ( continued ) 40 . continued : gigi what have you just say to she ? yacht waiter I say it to you . you can not smoke . gigi do not speak to she that way . amy be the '' she '' I ? Cause I be fine -- gigi ( point to Amy ) this be my best friend in the fuck world -- amy whoa , that 's not -- she 's not -- gigi and we will fuck fight you to the death . gigi grab she vodka bottle and shatter it against the side of the boat ! Amy jump -- amy oh my GOD ! yacht waiter okay . I be call security . Molly climb up to the upper deck -- molly Amy , we need to get the fuck out of here -- gigi grab Amy and Molly 's hand as firework start explode over the boat . gigi there 's only one thing we can do now . jump . molly amy no , no thank you . what ?! they try to get away but gigi have a killer grip on they wrist and drag they to the side . Molly and Amy look at each other , concerned . Jared climb up to the deck and see they -- ( continued ) 41 . continued : ( 2 ) jare what be you guy do ? gigi a swan dive into the future ! Molly and Amy frantically try to wiggle out of she grip -- molly seriously , gigi , I be not jump -- gigi one -- amy ( freaking out ) Molly ? gigi two -- molly ( remember ) the grip -escape move ! in one swift motion Molly and Amy use the self - defense grip escape move to whip they arm free just as gigi dive off the side . Molly and Amy tumble to the ground as they hear gigi 's splash ! Jared race to the side of the boat -- jare gigi ! be you okay ?! gigi ( 0.s. ) I change my mind ! I wanna be back on the boat ! molly she 's okay ! bail ! bail !! Molly and Amy scramble up and race the hell out of there . ext . parking lot - marina - night Molly and Amy sprint down the dock and across the street to the parking lot , giddy with adrenaline . when they finally stop , out of breath , they burst out laugh . adrenaline - fuel , guttural , best -friend laughter . molly she 's nut ! ( continued ) continued : 42 . amy I think she would have kill for we . like I say I have kill someone for you but she really would kill someone for you . molly oh , my God , I be so sweaty . we have to change or wash off or something before we get to Nick 's . amy ( surprised ) you still want to go to Nick 's ? molly you do not ? amy we go to a party ! we do it . let 's go home . molly ( voice drop ) Amy . amy do not do you lecture voice -- molly ( definite lecture voice ) that be not a party . amy it be a party . molly that be a detour . it be Jared 's lame attempt to buy friend . we be a + people . we need to go to a at party . like this ... Molly open she phone and pull up more iphone party footage : -- the party 's bigger and rowdier ... someone slip -n-slide into the pool .. -a group cook mac -n-cheese in the kitchen ... a passed-out -guy lay in a pile of Beer can like a angel ... the video 's interrupt when a text from alan pop up : '' yassss ! address be 3831 Westchester place . '' a pin pop up . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) molly ( cont 'd ) oh my God Alan respond . we have the address ! I be call a lyft . ( check she phone ) honestly , you should call it , because my score be ... very low . I be too abrasive with the driver ... amy Molly , I be gonna go home . but if you wanna to go to Nick 's , go , just come over after -- molly malala . Amy stop . that 's a big deal . amy whoa. seriously ? molly I be call malala . amy you be sure ? you only get one malala a year . molly I be call it . I need you full support , no question ask . you be come with I . Amy take a deep breath . amy okay . ( hold she hand up ) malala . int . lyft car - night 43 . Molly and Amy climb into the back of a a party lyft . the whole backseat be decorate with christmas light . amy Jordan ? lyft driver yep , be you be -- ( continued ) 44 , continued : he turn around -- the driver be principal Brown . lyft driver / principal brown -- y-motherfuck . int . lyft car - a little later Molly and Amy sit in the back , awkward , as principal Brown drive , even more awkward . a beat . principal brown you know , this be a great way to supplement the old income . teacher 's salaries and all ... molly amy it 's so terrible . they be a disgrace . principal brown and I be work on a book and I can think about it while I be drive so it 's like get pay to write -- honnnnnk . principal Brown lay on the horn -- principal brown ( cont ’d ) hey you dumb son of a bitch ! choose a lane ! Molly and Amy grip hand , stunne , as principal Brown snap back to total pleasantness -- principal brown ( cont ’d ) sorry about that . that guy be nut . this town , man . lotta angry people in this town . he smile and drive for a very awkward beat , until - - principal brown ( cont ’d ) you guy want some music ? molly amy yes ! genius . please ! please . he put on the radio very loudly . Amy and Molly slide down into they seat for a little privacy . Amy check she watch -- amy ( cont 'd ) we be gonna get to Nick 's so late . ( continued ) continued : 45 . molly everyone show up to party late . it 's cooler to be late . we will get there right at the crest and before you know it you will be neck - deep in Ryan . amy neck -deep in what direction ?! molly you tell I . amy I do not know ! I do not know anything . this be like you nightmare about have to land that commercial airliner but much , much worse . molly be it worse ? because I have the life of a hundred people in my hand . my crew be count on I . I be they sully . amy I be very stress about this ! molly okay ! I know you be . ( then ) if only there be , like , a video of people hook up and have sex we could watch ... amy I be sorry , be you talk about porn ? molly all I be say -- amy no. molly it 's not like anyone would know if you watch one porn one time . think of it as a documentary . it 's just a sexy documentary . it 's a hot doc . ( continued ) 46 . continued : ( 2 ) amy every woman in it be like a european trafficking victim ! molly be you judge other people 's sexual preference ? because you fuck a panda every night ... amy ( angry whisper ) fuck a panda ! you be soooo funny -- molly you be gonna sit here and judge I for dabbling in pornography . I think you be a sex positive feminist ! Molly take out she phone . amy be you insane ? principal Brown be four foot away from we . molly I have headphone ! she put a earbud in Amy 's ear . Amy sigh -- amy Fine . but once we get a sense of the mechanic I be shutting it off . molly of course . this be for educational purpose . she hit play . they be both immediately very draw to whatever 's happen on screen . they stare , mesmerize . a long moment . Amy poke Molly without tear she eye away -- amy plug in , you phone 's gonna die . Molly clear she throat . molly um , principal Brown ? ( continued ) 47 . continued : ( 3 ) principal brown principal Brown be my dad ! call I Jordan ! molly no thank you . principal Brown , do you have a phone charge ? principal brown no , I do not . ( then ) I have get like thirteen ! he toss she the large dongle she 's ever see . she find she cord and plug it in . Amy have not tear she eye away -- amy I do not know you could do that from that angle . molly what do I miss ? amy scrub back . this be important . principal Brown notice they watch something . principal brown oh , you wanna listen to you music ? I can just plug it in up here ... Molly and Amy realize too late what button he 's reach for -- molly amy no !! don 't do th -- the most intense porn sound blast over he speaker . wet slap and moan and squeak - — Molly and Amy scream , horrified . principal Brown scream , terrify . Molly drop the phone and she and Amy scramble to find it and unplug it -- they finally unplug it and the noise stop . they all sit there , freeze . a long beat . principal brown be that cardi b? 48 . ext . george' house - night Molly and Amy hurry out of the car . they hold on to each other but can not make eye contact as they scramble away -- molly amy I cannot . believe . that oh my God . oh my god . oh my happen . I be gonna die . I God . I can not believe you make might die . I do that . you be the devil . then they take in the house : it 's enormous . most of the light be off and it 's quiet . Amy look around -- amy ( cont 'd ) you be sure this be the address ? molly yeah . maybe the pool 's in the back ? amy it do not sound like a party . what if this be a trap ? what if a predator steal Alan 's phone and send that text to all the girl in he contact hope someone would just show up ? suddenly a student dress as a butler open the door . amy ( cont 'd ) Jesus - — butler come in . Molly and Amy share a look , but go inside . int . george' house - night they walk inside the main foyer . at the top of the staircase , two freshman stagehand hold giant feather fan . they pull they back to reveal Alan perch in a silk pink clamshell make by the theater department . he 's in full drag . Alan hold a hand to he face and let out a wail . molly what the fuck ... alan he 's dead ! he 's dead ! ( continued ) 49 , continued : amy who 's dead ?! alan my husband 's be kill ! Alan try to descend the stair but one of the stagehands be stand on he train . George storm in . GEORGE Alan , you do not have to do you entrance every time someone arrive ! ( then , see the girl ) what be you guy do here ? molly what be go on ? GEORGE it 's a murder mystery party . I have be prepping for month . Molly look around , realize -- molly wait , this be you house ? ( then ) Alan ! I be very clear in my text ! we be look for Nick 's party -- alan there 's be a killing in Times Square ! Robert be a esteem Broadway director and the love of my life and he 's be kill like a dog in the street ! molly that sound very tragic , but there 's be a mistake . we be try to get to Nick 's party . we can not find the address . do you know where it be ? alan I do not know a Nick ! I only know sorrow and grief . GEORGE you be at a ten and I need you at a two ! ( continued ) 50 . continued : ( 2 ) Alan glare at he , then float off . alan I have a wake to plan ! George turn to Molly and Amy . ( then , to Molly and Amy ) if you be here you may as well take some of the extra character . he pull they over to a table where a assistant hand he two character packet and name tag . molly no , we do not need character , we be not stay -- he hand one to Amy -- GEORGE '' adorable farmer new to the city . '' amy thank you . GEORGE ( pin one on Molly ) and '' hideous , barren orthodontist . '' molly what ?! why be I barren ? amy be I here to farm ? or have I give up that life ? molly ( read the packet ) this just say orthodontist . GEORGE you backstory be in that packet . molly seriously , we have to go . we be try to find Nick 's party . GEORGE be that the party where someone eat a ghost pepper ? ( continued ) 51 . continued : ( 3 ) molly yes ! GEORGE somebody here come from that party I think . maybe the Mayor ? ( shooing they ) go. immerse yourselves . Review you history in the parlor . Molly grab Amy and drag she into the parlor . int . george' house - night a dozen drama kide in vary level of costume speak theatrically with each other . Molly scan the room as Amy open she envelope to read she backstory -- amy oh my God . I come to the city to hide my pregnancy from my very religious parent ! ( scrutinize the room ) I wonder who the father be . they see a theater kid sprawle on the floor , '' dead , '' as a girl genuinely weep over he , moan . Amy 's impressed -- amy ( cont 'd ) she 's really good . the weep girl look up -- it 's gigi . gigi immediately stop cry and brighten -- gigi oh my god you guy be here ! Molly and Amy scream . amy molly what the fuck ?! what -- how do you get here ? gigi how do you get here ? amy and how be you dry ? gigi how be you dry ? ( continued ) 52 . continued : GEORGE ( walk by , to the body ) Aaron , I can see you breathe . ( to gigi , '' direct '' ) gigi , mmm ... dig deeper . gigi go back to sobbing over the body . Molly and Amy keep walk , so confuse . they push open a door revealing -- george' mom , dad and 10 year -old sister do a puzzle in the kitchen . George 's Mom look up . GEORGE 's mom oh , be it over ? GEORGE ( walk by ) Mom do not talk to the actor ! the house be mine until llpm !! his sister give he a look -- GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I swear to fuck God Cindy ... Molly and Amy hurry out of the kitchen , run directly into gigi , wait for they with a smile . molly amy oh my GOD . Jesus christ , gigi ! gigi guy , the re-election 's come up and I need to know if I have to buy you vote . amy re-election -- molly wait , you be the mayor ? you know where Nick 's party be ? gigi of course I do . I know where all the party be . molly where be it ?! gigi come to my office . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) gigi ( cont 'd ) you can not tell anyone , okay ? amy we will not . gigi not even each other . molly ... okay . gigi Nick 's party be ... ( a dramatic pause ) at he aunt 's house . molly we know it 's at he -- oh my god . Amy , we have to go . gigi by the way , I be very impressed at how well you be hold it together . amy what do you mean ? gigi I think the strawberry would have hit by now . molly why would strawberry hit we ? gigi because they be dip in such a unbelievably potent drug . it 's like ayahuasca , but asian . asiahuasca . ( then ) I tell you guy that , right ? Molly turn back to Amy -- but Amy 's eye be wide as saucer , brim with tear . amy my mom 's already 52 . molly no . 53 . she pull they to a nook behind a curtain and light herself with a flashlight . she lower she voice . ( continued ) 54 . continued : ( 3 ) amy she 's closer to be 100 than she be to be bear . molly no no no no . Molly grab Amy and pull she up the stair and into George 's sister 's bedroom . int . george' sister 's bedroom - night it 's a classic girl 's room -- everything be completely pink . doll and toy and pink book line the shelf . amy my mom have a scarf that color . molly listen to I . amy once I throw up and my mom catch it in she hand cause she love I . molly we be gonna be fine . we be healthy , nubile young woman and we just need to stay calm and we be gonna be fiiiiiiiii - - they both pass out . int . george' house - night downstair , George be settling everyone in to dinner when they hear the thump from upstairs . annoy , he ring he dinner bell for a very passive - aggressively amount of time . int . george' sister 's room - night molly Pov : she 's flat on the floor . everything look huge . she sit up and see she plastic hand -- molly what ? what the fuck ? what the fuck ? what be happen ... ( continued ) 55 . continued : she turn and see that Amy 's become a blonde '' sexy farmer '' doll . Molly scream . then Amy scream when she see that Molly 's become a brunette '' sexy nurse '' doll . doll molly why do you look like that ?! doll amy Molly , you be a fuck doll . doll molly no , you be a fuck doll ! doll Amy notice a corn cob attach to she hand . doll amy what ? what be this ?! she pull it off with a painful thwop -- doll amy ( cont 'd ) owww ! fuck that hurt ! doll Amy try to stand but she fall over . doll amy ( cont 'd ) I can not hold my top up ! my boob be too heavy ! I have no core ! doll Molly try to stand but she fall over , too -- doll molly we leg do not bend ! they be twice as long as we torso ! this proportion be insane ! where 's my chub ?! she notice a vanity with a set of drawer and a big mirror on top and awkwardly protractor - walk toward it -- doll amy wait where be you go ?! doll molly I have to see for myself ! doll Amy follow , waddling awkwardly behind she -- doll amy wait for I ! ( continued ) 56 . continued : ( 2 ) doll Molly start climb the drawer by inch-worm she leg -- spread they in a split and then squeezing they back together to propel up . doll Amy copy she . doll Molly grunt and pull herself to the top -- doll molly okay well I have never do split in my life ! leg be not suppose to bend like this ! doll Amy get to the high drawer -- then slip and fall ! doll amy ahhhhh ! doll molly amy !!! doll Molly race to the edge and see that doll Amy 's hold on to the edge of the high drawer ! doll amy help ! help Molly ! doll molly do not look down Amy ! no ! doll Molly try to reach she hand down to doll Amy -- doll amy I can not reach ! doll Molly drop she way-too- long leg down to doll Amy -- then see the hole in Amy 's hand ( from the corn cob ) -- doll molly you have to put my heel in you hole . doll amy what ? what ?! doll molly put my heel in you hole ! doll amy what hole ?! doll molly you corn hole ! ( continued ) 57 . continued : ( 3 ) and shove she hand hole onto the heel of the stiletto with another painful thwop ! she yelp in pain as doll Molly swing she leg around , drop doll Amy to safety . they climb to they foot and finally see themselves in the mirror -- doll amy oh my GOD . doll molly what the fuck be I wear ?! they rip off they clothes , look down -- doll molly ( cont 'd ) where 's my vag ? doll amy Molly I have no genitals . doll molly how do I pee ? how do I shit ?! doll amy I do not even have nipple ! this be just mound ! my whole body 's like a fuck dolphin ! ( get into it ) just perfect , round , huge mound . Molly , look at my body . I be beautiful . doll molly Amy , no . do not get suck in . this be we nightmare -- doll amy ( admire herself ) I know this be unrealistic and bad for woman but ... be it bad ? because I feel pretty good . Amy turn to admire she ass -- doll amy ( cont ’d ) I mean this ass will not quit . doll molly amy ! use you brain ! doll amy I do not need to use my brain . ( continued ) 58 . continued : ( 4 ) doll Amy slowly raise she leg parallel to she body , feel she crotch -- doll amy ( cont 'd ) I just need to be smooth and flexible . she pop up and start to cat - walk -- doll amy ( cont ’d ) look at you , you bad bitch . my my my . mmmmm . doll molly oh my God we have to wake up ! doll Molly smashes she doll - head against the mirror , shatter the glass . doll Amy turn to Molly , flipping she hair -- doll amy I actually think I might , like , stay here for a while ? doll Molly scurries over to she . doll molly no ! I will not let you do this . we have to get the drug out of we system - — doll Molly try to get she hand into doll Amy 's mouth , but doll Amy slap she hand away . doll amy stop it ! they start slapping at each other as doll Molly keep try to shove she hand in doll Amy 's mouth -- doll molly you need to throw up ! doll amy ( fight she off ) let! me! have ! this ! body ! they get into a full - on slap fight and do not notice how close they be to the edge of the dresser and as they keep fight they slip and fall off ! 59 . int . george' house - night Alan and the rest of the murder mystery participant be sit around a grand dine room table for dinner . GEORGE now that we amuse bouche of bacon - wrap date be over , why do not we play a rouse round of '' j’acusse ! '' suddenly they hear a crash -- and then see a still super-high Molly and Amy walk past , not bend they arm or leg , like doll . it 's like they be in stiff slow motion . the group watch , bewilder , as Molly and Amy doll - walk outside . Molly stop at the door and turn to the table : molly fuck you George . they doll - walk outside . alan who be she suppose to be ? GEORGE the orthodontist . ext . GEORGE 's house - a little later Molly and Amy lay on the lawn , finally come down . Amy put one hand under she bra and another down she pants . amy we be okay . we be okay ! and we do it . we go to two party , we accidentally do drug -- we can say we go out . let 's go home . Molly sit up . molly what ? no . we have to stick to the plan . the plan be to go to Nick 's . amy dude , nothing have go accord to plan tonight . molly which be why we have to stick to the plan . we will call another lyft -- ( continued ) continued : 60 . amy why be you be so pushy ? molly honestly , pushy be a compliment . you know who else be pushy ? Diane sawyer . my girl Joan of arc. Queen noor of Jordan -- amy ( defensive ) I know where Queen noor be from ! molly once we get to Nick 's , all of this will be worth it -- amy forget about Nick 's ! no one will even tell we where it be . why be you so obsessed with he party ? gigi ( 0.s. ) because she love he . Molly and Amy jump -- gigi 's stand out on the second floor balcony , look over they . molly oh my God , gigi , stop do that . amy what do you say ? gigi Molly love Nick . Molly scoff but she face go bright red as she stammer -- molly can you please stop repeat that sentence ? because it 's not true . amy Molly hate Nick . molly thank you . gigi she project disgust to cover up a deep desire . how many time a day do she bring he up ? ( continued ) 61 . continued : ( 2 ) amy she bring he up to complain -- gigi that 's still talk about he . look , the auras be very clear . I do not write they . I just read they . molly no. no. nope . you just drugge we and try to throw we off a boat , so nothing you say be of any value to we . gigi flip Molly off . molly ( cont ’d ) okay , you can stop flipping I off , because you should flip off . so ... shut the fuck up . Alan burst outside the front door , look for gigi-- alan Madame Mayor ! what be you do out here ? ( sotto ) George lock himself in the closet . he spin on he toe and float back inside with gigi as Amy turn to Molly , who 's very flustered . Amy realize -- amy dude . molly no . amy dude ...? Molly finally turn to she . molly no ! I do not like he . yes , maybe he 's classically , traditionally handsome , and weirdly charming , so maybe my innate biology register he as a ideal mate . and yes , maybe I occasionally fantasize about he sweeping I off my foot . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) molly ( cont 'd ) and some weaker people might call that a tiny crush but I can fight against it , I can ignore it because we all have weird interest and all that matter be that we shove they down and never think of they again . Amy just look at she friend . she give she a amy you do not have to shut anything down . molly yes I do . because I can not like he . maybe my body like he but my mind know that 's stupid , because he 's a jock who only care about be cool and have fun and he do not even look at girl unless they look like triple a and he do not even want people like I at he party because I be a butterpersonality . Amy slap Molly across the face . amy how dare you say that about my best friend . molly what the fuck -- amy if you ever say anything like that about yourself again I will fuck lay you out . you be the smartest , strongest , coolest , most stunningly gorgeous creature this high school and this earth have ever see and Nick would be lucky to be a footnote in you story . and we be go to he party . Molly 's amaze -- molly be you serious ? amy I be dead serious . if Nick 's what you want , that 's what you deserve . 62. small smile . ( continued ) 63 . continued : ( 4 ) she stand . molly how ? how be we gonna find out where the party be ? amy by do what we do best . ( dramatically ) motherfuck homework . a kickass hip hop song start as we CUT to ... int . ucla college library - night Molly and Amy stride into the ucla library like they fuck own the place . int . the stack - ucla college library - night -- Molly and Amy slam they bag down at they usual table , stretch they knuckle like they be about to play mozart . -- Molly run she finger along a list of real estate purchase by people with the last name '' howland . '' -- Amy make notation on a huge map . -- Molly read a book of CITY record as a college couple have loud , gross sex behind she . -- they watch a new social media video : theo 's prepare to karate chop a stack of 15 pizza box . amy wait , look . she zoom in on the stack of pizza box . amy ( cont 'd ) that 's at least 15 pizza box . how many order that big could lido 's have fill tonight ? molly ( realize ) genius ... 64 . int . pizza delivery car - night PAT , the lido 's delivery guy , get in the front seat hold two pie . he 's grumble to himself -- PAT two half - cheese , half - sausage pizza be just one cheese and one sausage pizza you fuck moron -- Amy and Molly rise from the backseat like it 's a carjack . they have tie they hair into ponytail in front of they face , like a makeshift mask . molly amy everybody stay calm ! don't move ! Pat scream bloody murder . PAT what the fuck ?! what the fuck ?! what the fuck be this ?! molly we ask the question ! PAT oh my God oh my God be this some kind of Manson family bullshit ? amy no ! no ! everything be gonna be just fine , you be just gonna give we the address where you deliver pizza earlier tonight ! a beat . PAT I be sorry , be you guy out of you fuck mind ? how old be you ? molly ( lowest possible voice ) do not matter ! PAT okay , that do not make you sound older . so you be basically child and you willingly get into a strange man 's car . do you even have a weapon ? ( continued ) 65 . continued : Molly and Amy exchange a glance . molly -..- yes ? amy ( whisper ) if we claim to have a weapon this might be a felony . molly fuck . PAT so you be wear you hair as a mask and you try to rob someone without a weapon ? he pull a gun from the glove compartment . PAT ( cont 'd ) because I do have a weapon ! the girl scream and duck -- molly why do you have a gun ?! PAT to protect myself from bad people ! something you should be think about ! do sexual assault play into you plan at all ? molly ( admit ) not really . PAT I could have just lock the door and drive off ! I could have make you my play thing ! Amy hold up she phone , freeze on the party footage : amy just please give we the address where you deliver this huge order earlier tonight . ( continued ) 66 . continued : ( 2 ) PAT Fine . but only because I be afraid if I do not some dog walker will find you body tomorrow morning . he find the address on he phone and hold it up so Molly can type the address into hers . as she open she phone -- PAT ( cont 'd ) do not let I see you passcode . Jesus Christ . molly thank you . ( then ) since we be already in the car , could you maybe ... drive we there ? PAT sure , buckle up . the girl start to buckle they seatbelt . PAT ( cont 'd ) I be be sarcastic get the fuck out of my car . ext . STREET - night the lido 's car zoom away as Molly and Amy celebrate -- molly you be incredible ! so scary ! amy if you want to be a criminal you would be the best fuck criminal in Los Angeles . now let 's call a chariot to ... her face fall . she feel she pocket . amy ( cont 'd ) fuck . I leave my phone in he car ! why do I have to use a visual aid ! ( call after the car ) wait ! molly we will get it tomorrow . I can call -- ( then , realize ) ( more ) ( continued ) 67 . continued : molly ( cont 'd ) oh my God . oh my God I be at 2 % . how be my battery so low ?! amy the porn . we stream a lot of porn . call a lyft !!! molly but then if my phone die and the driver can not find we we be fuck ! suddenly she get a lightbulb and frantically dial a number . amy what ? who be you call ? molly pick up pick up pick up -- ( rapid fast ) hi it 's Molly and Amy we need help we be strand on ventura and lemon can you pick we up please we need -- ( a beat , then ) it die . Cross you finger . amy for what ? ext . STREET - a little later Molly and Amy sit on the curb , wait , nervous . amy we could hitchhike . molly be you aching to be murder ? amy I be just throw out suggestion . the subaru squeal up to the girl . the driver get out but the headlight be too bright to see who it be . she walk around the car , finally revealing ... miss Fine . she smile and wave . miss fine you girl need a ride ? the girl squeal and sprint to she car . 68 . int . miss fine 's car - night Molly and Amy ride in the back as miss Fine drive . they be completely giddy . amy thank you so much , miss Fine . you totally save we . miss fine please , you two save I from be - watch Gilmore Girls . I have see it like fifty time . ( then ) now what be this address I be take you ? molly Nick 's aunt 's house . it 's a... party , technically . miss fine wait . you want I to drive you to a unsupervise house party ? Molly and Amy freeze . miss fine ( cont 'd ) good ! I be glad you guy be have a little fun before graduation . amy really ? miss fine yes ! I do not want you guy to make the same mistake I do . amy what do you mean ? miss fine I spend the majority of my 20 's overcompensate for the fact that I never have fun in high school . and then the pendulum swing way too far in the other direction . I go crazy . I have some really dark moment there in my twenty . some really dark moment . ( remember ) like , it be bad . do you know I be ban from jamba juice ? ( more ) ( continued ) 69 . continued : miss fine ( cont 'd ) not a single jamba juice . every jamba juice . that come down from corporate . do you know how many jamba juice there be in this country ? like a bajillion . it 's a national chain . it 's a sensation . ( then ) I do not want that for you . you still have a chance . I want you two to go to this party and I want you to have fun . because tonight be you night ! molly yes ! amy yes ! molly yes . miss fine now what be you wear ? amy this . this look . miss fine you know you be match , right ? amy ( be : Molly 's scarf ) well we add a embellishment ... miss fine lucky for you two I be a 30 - year old single woman . which mean I have get a lot of shit in my car . why do not you go through some of that bag ? molly I be sorry , we can touch you clothes ? miss fine please . please touch my clothes . please change you clothes . Molly close she eye in ecstasy . molly this night ... 70 . ext . STREET - night the car stop down the street from a obvious party house . Molly and Amy step out of the car in brand new outfit -- cool , stylish , colorful dress . they fawn over each other -- molly amy ummmmm ... I have no breath ? hmmmmmmm . . . what ? molly I have nowhere to go with this . it 's too perfect . amy you be literally glow . molly you have just come out of the water , you be a mermaid ... amy how be you so fuck shiny ? miss Fine watch , alarmed . molly can you fetch I my inhaler ? Cause I can't breathe -- amy my eye ! my eye hurt so bad from you beauty ! miss fine Excuse I , lady ? there 's a party to go to ... Molly and Amy laugh , sheepish and delighted . miss fine ( cont 'd ) I will see you two inside . Molly and Amy glance at each other -- but then miss Fine laugh like she 's kid . they laugh , too . miss fine ( cont 'd ) I be kid . can you imagine ? that would be weird , right ? it have be weird . anyway . see y’all later ! 71 . ext . STREET - night Molly and Amy nervously walk up to the party . Music thump from inside , get louder as they get closer . they reach the front door , give each other encourage smile , and clasp hand . molly Love you . amy Love you . they push the door open ... int . nick's aunt 's house - night it 's exactly what you have hope a high school party would be -- throbbing with sweaty , horny , giddy teenager . everybody 's high off of the year end and emotional about it be over . people play drink game , laugh and squeal with each other , dance on couch . Molly peer through the crowd and find Nick across the room . he 's have fun with he friend . but then he eye wander and he lock eye with ... Molly . we push in on Molly as she feel the spark -- then we push in on Nick as he realize he 's be wait for a girl who challenge he mentally and emotionally -- and when we pull back out , the rest of the party have disappeared . Nick walk toward Molly and reach out he hand . she take it and they burst into amazing choreography . it 's unbelievably romantic . they can not take they eye off each other as they dance like old - school movie star . Nick dip she and they be about to kiss and when he grab a Beer can and crush it against he forehead -- int . nick's aunt' house - night Molly 's jolted back to reality as the real Nick crush a Beer can on he forehead across the room . suddenly a random partier walk by spot Molly and Amy and stop -- random partier whoooa ! you two ?! ( continued ) 72 . continued : Molly and Amy brace themselves to be make fun of ... but then the whole room cheer ! a few people toast they beer . somebody offer high -five . tanner walk by -- tanner El presidente ! Theo the protest lady ! everyone 's happy to see they . the girl be surprised . Molly peer around tanner to find Nick , but he 's go . tanner welcome my little turtledove ! I be so happy you guy be here ! you want a drink ? smoke ? drink ? you guy want a drink , you come to I , ' cause you guy be the best , honestly you freak I out but I be gonna miss you , cause class of ' 19 for-fuck - ever . everybody cheer again . Molly and Amy share a happy smile . int . live room / kitchen - nick's aunt' house - night Molly and Amy make they way through the party , dance a little . they be have fun . then Molly 's eye go wide -- molly ryan ! she grab Amy and point to the kitchen , where Ryan 's laugh with some skater friend . she look beautiful . amy look how nice she skin look . molly go get she . amy she 's busy , she 's with she friend -- molly Amy ! you can do this . think of that perfect breast in that bra just wait to be freed . and she nipple , like two sparkling plastic panda eye -- ( continued ) 73 . continued : amy okay ! okay . ( gesture over at Nick ) good luck . to any woman try to sexually please Nick after tonight , because you be about to set the bar way too high . they high - five , hug and Amy start walk toward the kitchen . Molly turn back to the bar and tanner hand she a drink -- just as gigi rise from below the bar -- gigi tanner we be out of sugar cube . molly no . gigi yep . molly no. nope . no. not possible . how ?! how be you here ?! gigi I miss you . I be gonna go downstairs . she pretend to take a elevator below the bar . tanner 's delighted . int . nick's aunt 's house - night over by the door , miss Fine walk in , dance , try to blend in . theo clock she from across the room and frantically undoe he pigtail . it 's go time . int . kitchen - nick 's aunt 's house - night Ryan pour Amy a drink . ryan dude ! I be so stoke you be here . I have always want you to come out . Amy 's stunne . be this be she moment ? amy I be out . I come out in 10th grade . ( continued ) 74 . continued : Ryan 's confuse , then laugh -- ryan no , I mean , like , come out on a weekend . hang out . Amy blushes so deeply she may pass out . amy I too . that 's what I mean , also . ryan you gotta have a little fun before you leave for Africa . amy ( touch ) you remember I be go to Africa ? ryan yeah . uganda or something , right ? amy botswana . they have kill I in uganda . ryan why ? amy oh . Cause that country 's not really a fan of gay people . ( awkwardly fishing ) so ... would you be afraid to go to uganda too ? they be suddenly distract as gigi march by , direct -- gigi karaoke in the guest room ! Ryan grab Amy 's hand and start pull she down the hall -- ryan you wanna do karaoke ? Amy glance down at she hand , thrilled . int . live room - nick 's aunt 's house - night Molly 's still hover in the corner , watch Nick play Beer pong . she take a deep breath and walk over to he . when Nick notice she , he jump to he foot , amaze -- ( continued ) 75 . continued : nick holyyyy shit . molly here ?! he 's a little drunk and genuinely delighted to see she . nick ( cont 'd ) be you really here ? be this a mirage ? do I get President Molly to come out on a weekend ? molly ( blush , roll she eye ) it 's a purely ceremonial visit . Nick laugh , then bring she to the table . nick okay , sit down . sit right here . right next to I . Student Council ticket versus that douchebag . I have be wait for this since like second grade . he start arrange the beer pong cup . Molly try to hide she grin as she attempt to help . int . guest room - nick 's aunt 's house - night George stand dramatically with the karaoke microphone . GEORGE this song go out to my cast . he start sing alanis morissette 's '' you oughta know . '' they have project the lyric onto the wall with Nick 's aunt 's old projector . George sing very emotionally as gigi watch , arouse . Amy and Ryan laugh at George , whisper to each other . at one point Ryan fling she arm across Amy 's thigh . Amy try to stay calm but she can not hide a beam grin . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) you -- you -- you oughtta know ! alan ! he collapse as gigi comfort he . the mic be free , and Ryan grab Amy , try to pull she onstage -- ryan okay , you turn ! you gotta sing ! Amy protest , but Ryan force the mic into she hand -- ( continued ) 76 . continued : ryan ( cont 'd ) let 's go , Amy ! do it for I ! Amy take the mic , so nervous the sound start to drop out . but Ryan 's watch she , smile , and so she take a deep breath and belt the chorus - - amy and I be here ! to remind you ! of the mess you leave when you go away ! Amy sing she heart out , hit every note , and it 's beautiful . the whole room 's astonished , cheer loudly . GEORGE you can tell she 's not support , no breath control , but it 's good ! it 's on pitch ! Amy finish with a flourish and Ryan grab she in a hug . ryan dude ! what the fuck ?! how be you so good ? ( to the room ) I know her ! Amy blushes , thrilled . this be go better than she hope . int . live room - nick's aunt' house - night theo prepare a drink at the bar , practice he game . Theo ( to himself ) miss Fine . miss foine . sefiora fine. ( then ) you ever make love to a mexican ? int . live room - nick's aunt' house - night Nick watch as Molly focus , then sink another cup . she and Nick cheer , then do a victory handshake . nick okay , listen . pong be suppose to be my thing . so if you could tone it down , just for my self - esteem ... ( continued ) 77 . continued : molly I think you just need to step you game up . you need to rise to my level . Nick laugh . nick it 's crazy that we never hang out outside of school . you seem like you be all work and no play , but you be pretty fun . molly I be fun . nick you be fun . he grin down at she . be they flirt ?! int . live room - nick 's aunt 's house - night theo approach miss Fine by the fireplace . Theo hi miss Fine . miss fine hi , theo . he hand she a drink . Theo for you . I muddle the rosemary myself . miss Fine take the drink , skeptical , but she eye go wide as she sip it . miss fine this be amazing . Theo ( whisper ) you be amazing . she stare at he for a beat . miss fine you be 20 , right ? ( continued ) continued : 78. he nod , mesmerize . miss Fine downs the rest of she drink . int . live room / ext . pool - night Nick throw a pong ball and miss . molly you just need more of a arc . nick it 's easy to have a arc when you be like three foot tall . I be look straight down . molly how tall be you ? Nick stand , grin down at she . nick how tall do you think I be ? this be the sexiest moment of Molly 's life . she stand next to he . a beat . molly 51.6.4 " ? Nick laugh and groan , pretend he 's be shot . nick my teammate be not usually this mean ! molly they be usually blonde and skinny and not into drink carb ? nick no way . I fuck with hufflepuff . Molly 's heart skip a beat . molly hufflepuff ? like in Harry Potter ? nick yeah . you be like a half - ravenclaw , half - slytherin , right ? he might as well have undress she . right ( continued ) 79 . continued : molly ( almost out of breath ) that be exactly what I be . Nick grin down at she . then he look past Molly to a commotion outside and frown . nick shit , I gotta go make sure that idiot do not hurt themselves . ( put he hand on she shoulder ) stay right here . do not move . we be win this game . do not move . molly I will not ! nick stay right there . he jog outside , high - five people or slapping back on the way . Molly watch he go , giddy . ext . pool - nick's aunt' house - night Amy follow Ryan outside , where people be jump in the pool . Ryan shimmy off she jeans , revealing boxer brief . she smile at Amy , who grin and pull off she top just as Ryan jump into the water . Amy take a deep breath and cannonballs into the pool after she -- int . nick's pool - night underwater , Amy look for Ryan , but can not find she in the sea of people . she swim through the crowd . then she see two pair of leg wrap around each other . she freeze , stare at the leg , start to get a really bad feel . ext . nick 's pool - night Amy slowly surface to find ... ryan and nick making out . and with that , Amy 's heart break . she 's a idiot . ( continued ) 80 . continued : Fighting emotion , Amy wade to the step as fast as she can . she can not get out fast enough . she stumble toward the house , sopping wet . she need to get to Molly . int . live room - nick's aunt' house - night Amy push she way through the crowd , try not to cry , look for Molly . she need she friend , but she also need to save Molly from feel what she 's feel . she finally spot she wait patiently at the pong table . Molly see she and brighten , grab she -- molly oh my God there you be ! how 's it go ? do you find Ryan ? do you go in the pool ? amy Molly -- molly thing be go really well over here . like , really well . I be be mean to he and it 's work and we talk about Harry Potter and he know I be a slytherin and he seem to like it -- amy Molly , I think we should go home . molly what ? no , just dry off ! amy I just think we need to leave right now . seriously . let 's go this way . molly be you nut ? no way . Nick 's fully flirt with I . I think this be gonna happen . amy Molly , please . I be ask you . let 's just go . molly just go find Ryan -- ( continued ) continued : a beat . amy malala . molly Amy , no . amy be you kid ? I have do whatever you want all night . now I be call malala ! come with I ! molly I be not leave just because you be do the thing you always do ! Amy 's already a raw nerve . now she 's piss . amy what be that suppose to mean ? molly just ... you always talk a big game but then you give up just when thing get uncomfortable . like , you jump in the pool and now you be sad that you be wet ? amy that 's bullshit ! molly if I do not drag you to do thing -- amy you do not drag I , you force I to do whatever you want to do ! 81 . now Molly 's startle by Amy 's tone . they be both drunk and enough to not realize how loud they be get . the whole room start to notice . emotional molly what do that even mean ? amy you decide what we do and when we do it and that we always have to do it together -- ( continued ) continued : 82 . ( 2 ) molly I have to decide what we do because you never decide anything ! I have to do all the heavy lift in this friendship . you never take charge . amy I take charge ! molly you never take charge ! I always have to push you . without I you would not do anything . amy I be go to go to Africa without you ! molly I encourage you summer abroad ! amy I be not go for the summer ! I be go for the whole year ! a beat . Molly be floor . molly wait , what ? amy I be take a gap year . I defer Columbia until next fall . molly when do you decide that ? amy when I apply . molly in January ? you have be lie to I since January ? amy yeah , because I know you would have try to bully I into stay ! molly but we will be on completely different schedule . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 83. ( 3 ) molly ( cont 'd ) we be not gonna graduate together , we be not gonna go on a post -— college trip , we be not gonna move to DC together , we whole plan -- amy that be you plan ! that be never my plan . it 's always you plan . molly I can not believe you . you think go to Africa make you tough but you be not even brave enough to tell I ? you be a fuck coward ! amy you be selfish ! and mean ! molly you be a bad friend ! amy you be a fuck bad friend ! I call malala ! that be a sacred code ! molly I get the Metro North commuter pass to visit you in New York every weekend ! amy nobody ask you to do that ! just like nobody ask you to come to this fuck party ! nobody invite you ! nobody want you here ! Molly sputter , hurt and furious - — - molly fuck you ! Amy flinch . and suddenly they realize -- the whole room be watch . half of they be filming the fight on they phone . Amy start to say something , but then just glare and march past Molly out of the room . int . bathroom - nick 's aunt 's house - night Amy storm in , breathe deeply , try to calm down . ( continued ) continued : hope what the fuck ? Amy jump -- hope be sit on the toilet , hope ( cont 'd ) I lock that . amy ( sharply ) I guess you do not . hope what 's wrong with you ? fight with you wife ? amy can you just leave I alone , please ? hope leave I alone , I be here first . ( then ) why be you even at a party ? should not you be march in some meaningless protest somewhere ? or in bed do homework ? 84 . smoking a joint . Amy 's still fire up from she fight and get more piss . amy you do not know I . hope I be pretty sure I do . amy no , you be one of that people who claim you be '' honest '' or '' call people on they shit '' when you be really just mean . hope wow , I take it back . you be a badass who take no prisoner and cry in the bathroom at party . Amy turn to hope . amy why be you so cruel ? ( continued ) 85 . continued : ( 2 ) hope I just do not like meek people . and you be like Molly 's little sidekick bitch . amy well you be a basic hot girl who 's gonna peak in high school . they stare at each other for a beat . it 's heat . and hot . and then amy kiss hope . determined to prove something . hope be surprised ... but she kiss she back . int . rec room - nick's aunt' house - night Molly 's still seethe from the fight as she wait for Nick at they pong table . Jared walk up to she . molly when do you get here ? jare awhile ago . molly do you see Amy ? she fuck freak out at I , I do not know what 's wrong with she -- jare do people really think I have sex with a prostitute ? a awkward beat . molly you do not ? jare no ! of course not ! ( admit ) I have never sleep with anybody . ( then , sadly ) nobody in this whole school know I at all . except gigi . Jared gesture outside , where a fully - clothed gigi fall into the pool pose like Da vinci 's vitruvian man . ( continued ) 86 . continued : gigi ( as she fall ) I am a golden starfish ! she hit the water like it 's concrete . molly gigi ? the girl who jump off you boat ? the girl give you a prison tat while you be asleep ? jare that be not about I . she 's a sad person . and she may be nut , but she 's the most loyal person I have ever meet . she once try to shiv a mailman because she think he laugh at I . ( then ) plus , not everyone 's lucky enough to find someone like you and Amy . I be just do my best till I can get outta here and find people who be into the same weird shit I be . ( quickly ) not like ... sex stuff . I mean like , airplane and musical . molly what ? jare I wanna design airplane . get rich off that . then use the cash to produce some new musical . enough with the revival . it 's bullshit . ( then ) I should probably make sure that 's not a actual dead man 's float . he gesture to the pool . gigi be float face down . jare ( cont 'd ) see ya at graduation , Molly . Molly watch he go . she 's surprised by he . int . bathroom - nick's aunt' house - night Amy and hope lie on a bath mat on the floor , make out . Amy lean back and pull hope 's shirt off . ( continued ) 87 . continued : she smile , a little stunne at what 's happen . they keep kissing . after a beat , Amy pull back -- hope be you okay ? amy yeah , sorry , I just get dizzy for a second . hope we can stop if you want . amy no . we be not stop . hope ( laugh ) okay . hope lay down and start to take off she jeans . Amy unty hope 's sneaker . they be nervous and awkward and sweet . Amy get the sneaker off and try to seductively pull hope 's jeans off , but they be skinny jeans , and it 's hard , and eventually she have to yank they so forcefully she stumble to the ground . hope laugh . Amy pull hope 's underwear over she knee and off she leg . they be suddenly both a little shy . amy I will take off mine , too ... hope yeah . Amy shimmy off she underwear , then pull she dress over she shoulder . hope ( cont 'd ) that 's a nice dress ... amy it 's all she have . hope who ? amy miss Fine . hope laugh . ( continued ) 88 . continued : ( 2 ) hope oh my God . of course ... Amy grin and kiss she again . they keep kissing , and then Amy slowly reach down , out of frame . this be it . we move to hope 's face ... as she eye go wide . amy be that ... how be that ? for you . hope it 's okay ... amy be there a -- be there another way you would prefer ? hope well ... ( delicately ) I do not think that 's the hole you think it be . Amy freeze . realizing what just happen . she be mortified . amy oh my God . I be so sorry . Amy jerk she hand away and abruptly sit up . hope it 's okay -- amy I be sorry , I be just not use to approach that part from that angle , and my geometry be off and -- hope seriously do not worry about it . Amy reach up and grab one of the cup on the counter . take a quick sip of punch ... liquid courage ... she realize too late that someone have ashed there cigarettes in the cup . Amy gag . she will not do it . she will not throw up . hope ( cont 'd ) be you good ? Amy throws up . all over hope . hope recoil , horrified . ( continued ) 89 . continued : ( 3 ) hope ( cont 'd ) what the fuck ?! amy oh my God ... hope scramble to she foot . so do Amy , in she underwear . amy ( cont 'd ) I be so sorry ! hope ew !! hope leap into the shower . this be a fuck nightmare . amy be you okay ? hope ( 0.s. ) Amy just go ! Amy struggle to pull she wet clothes back on . hope ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) please fuck leave . amy sorry , I be go as fast as I can -- hope ( 0.s. ) just go ! int . kitchen - nick 's aunt 's house - night the game 's be abandon , but Molly 's still wait for Nick . she finally go to look for he . she squeeze through people , scan the room , the kitchen -- and see Nick and Ryan kissing and flirt against the fridge . Nick take she hand and give she a little twirl . it 's like a gut punch . and then it 's even worse as she realize why Amy want they to leave so badly . ext . nick 's aunt 's house - night Molly walk out to the pool . she grab a pass partier -- molly hey , have you see Amy -- ( continued ) 90 . continued : suddenly the familiar blue and red light of the cop flash against the house and every stomach drop . quiet chaos ensue as kid scramble toward the back gate , whisper , try not to draw attention -- they be run into each other , grab friend , desperate to get the fuck out of here . molly ( cont 'd ) amy ! the crowd shush she . she try to squeeze through the throng to go back inside , but she can not . int . hallway - nick 's aunt 's house - night Amy 's stick in the hallway with a few trap classmate . one of they , rob , whisper , terrify - rob we be fuck sit duck . they be gonna come in here . they be gonna find we . alison shut the fuck up Rob ! Amy walk toward the cop , then turn back . this be she chance to do something great . amy I be not a coward . ( turn around ) wait for my signal . I be gonna create a diversion . she spin on she heel and start sprinting toward the cop . rob wait , what ?! ext . STREET - night Molly walk home in the dark . she 's tired and miserable . headlight come around the corner . as they get closer , they start to slow . Molly still , concerned . the car pull up right beside she and the driver lean over -- it 's triple a . Molly turn back to the street . ( continued ) 91 . continued : molly nope . triple a really ? triple a just wait there . Molly think for a beat . then turn to get in the car . int . triple a’s car - night Molly close the door behind she in the passenger seat . they drive in silence for a beat . triple a you know this be why people say I give guy '' roadside assistance , '' right ? I give they a ride home . that 's all . Molly 's stunne . a beat . triple a ( cont 'd ) okay that 's not true I blow they . but it be not like they run out of gas and I show up to suck they dick while they wait for help . we hook up in they car . it make sense to hook up in a car ! I be not gonna suck a dick in my own home when my dad could walk in at any moment ! fucking sue I ! molly that make a lot of sense ... triple a 's take catch off guard by that . a beat . triple a you know what the worst part be ? all the girl call I that , too . I know Max and Ben and dicksplinter would say stupid shit . but I do not think the girl would do it . Molly feel awful . molly Amy never call you that . ( then , genuine ) I be sorry . I be really sorry . ( continued ) 92 . continued : triple a just do not call I triple a at Yale next year , okay ? I want people to know my actual name . molly of course . ( very dramatically ) annabel . triple a no ! not right now ! that be so cheesy ! Molly smirk at she . triple a smirk back . then -- triple a ( cont 'd ) wait , where the fuck do you live ? int . molly apartment - dawn Molly tiptoe inside she quiet apartment . int . molly room - molly house - the next morning Molly 's alarm stir she awake . she notice the time , curse , and reach for she phone charge on the bedside table . she have not see it since it die last night . she rub she eye , then frown when she see -- 32 message . all about Amy : be she okay ? she 's we queen ! where 's Amy ?! Molly sit up and open a link someone texted she -- it 's a shaky social media video of Amy get perp walked from the party into a police car . molly oh my God . amy ( on video ) all right , well . just so you know I know my rights . there be more prison than college in the US , do you know that ? and it cost $ 71,000 to house a inmate in the state of California . that 's more than Harvard ! ( as they put she in the backseat ) this seem excessive . shotgun . just kid . I do not have one . 93 . int . jail hallway - day Molly walk down the hallway of a CITY jail . her eye go wide when she notice a flyer pin to the wall . we can not see what it say , but she surreptitiously snatch it off the wall before she turn the corner . int . jail - day Amy sit stoically behind a plane of plexiglass next to jail visit phone . she 's startle to see Molly . Molly sit and pick up the phone on she side . Amy stare at she . then she pick up she phone . a beat . molly oh , I be actually here to see someone else , I be so sorry , my mistake ... Amy can not help it , she laugh . amy fuck you , dude ... molly dude , you be in full - on jail . amy I know . molly I be so sorry . amy it 's okay . I be gonna have to pay a fine and go before the judge -- molly no , I be sorry . I know woman apologize too much but in this case I have real stuff to be sorry for . I be so selfish -- amy I be be a coward -- molly you call malala -- amy I lie to you -- ( continued ) 94 , continued : molly and you be try to save I from see Nick rub he boner all over Ryan ! amy can you believe that , by the way ? molly no . truly , no . I would have guess Nick hook up with theo before I guess he hook up with Ryan . amy Nick and theo have great chemistry ! they both laugh . then they get quiet again . molly I be sorry I be so ... control . I just literally can not imagine my life without you . Molly put she hand up on the glass . Amy put she hand up against Molly 's hand . Molly 's throat tighten . but then -- molly ( cont ’d ) you be the motherfucker who get arrest the night before graduation ! Amy laugh , then sit up straight as she realize - — - amy oh my God , graduation ! Molly ! what time be it ? it 's start so soon ! molly why do you think I be here ? you be come with I . amy what ? no ! I be stick here but you be already gonna be late -- molly ( dead serious ) Amy . I be not graduate without you . so I be either get myself arrest so I can be in there with you , or we be go together . ( continued ) 95 . continued : ( 2 ) amy but ...how ? Molly slam the flyer she take up against the glass : it 's a wanted poster with a police sketch of the valley strangler ... and it 's PAT the pizza delivery guy ! molly we be gonna trade some information because we do know this man . ext . jail - day Molly and Amy race outside , struggle to put on they cap and gowns . Amy see Jared 's muscle car -- amy be that Jared 's car ?! molly I will explain later ! amy be I drive ? molly of course you be drive ! ( toss she the key ) waze say 19 minute , we can do it in seven . amy let 's do this . Amy turn the key and they zoom out of there . ext . graduation field - day the field be pack and abuzz as people start to find seat . senior in they cap - and - gowns fidget with excitement . onstage , gigi play the piano like a savant . principal Brown try to corral the student -- principal brown okay , everybody , let 's take a seat ! a few foot away , miss Fine see the back of theo 's head in a seat . she approach and lean in , make a seductive noise -- ( continued ) 96 . continued : miss fine rrrrrr -- theo turn -- but it 's not theo , it 's a long -haired girl . miss fine ( cont 'd ) ooooh . heeeey , Evelyn . ( then ) I just want to say , '' have a great summer ! '' have a great ...ok. ( to herself ) cool cool cool . sicken . she turn -- right into the real theo , grin . Theo Morning , my queen . miss fine ( flustered ) hi. Theo last night be amazing . can I see you again ? miss Fine grimace , then give he a tiny smile . miss fine good luck at Google next year . she walk away . theo 's in love . triple a walk up , look between the two of they . triple a do you fuck miss Fine ? int . jare 's muscle car - day Amy drive like a madwoman , barely able to control the car 's horsepower , as Molly scream in the front seat next to she . ext . graduation field - day principal Brown walk over to a group of student . principal brown all right , we have get everybody ? where 's Molly ? I do not know . I have not see she since a reasonable time yesterday . ( continued ) 97 . continued : Jared step forward . jare Molly warn I she might be late and tapped I to start she speech . principal brown Molly davidson 's gonna be late to graduation ? that do not sound like she . jare well , she also ask I to remind you that ... ( remember he script ) this sort of thing happen all the time on the Senate floor , and if a Senator be not present for a vote , a proxy can call for a motion for the vote to take place in he or she absence . principal brown okay yes that sound like she . ( then ) so she tapped you ? jare she tapped I . principal brown ( think , then ) fuck it , I approve . ext . graduation field - a few minute later Jared step up to the podium . he tap the mic , terrify . jare good morning . in the crowd , George be ecstatic . GEORGE good morning ! jare ( read the speech ) I be Molly davidson . 98 . int . jare 's muscle car - day Amy and Molly screech through the street like fast and the furious , have the time of they life . ext . graduation field - day Jared sweat as he keep give the speech -- jare I be a woman . I be a powerful woman . and I be ready to take the fist of my femininity to that status quo . ( can barely do it ) straight white man , you ...time ...is ...u-- bam ! on the other side of the field the car burst through a gate and drive right onto the field . everyone turn , startle , as they swerve to drive right up to the stand . jare ( cont 'd ) oh , my God , my car be fuck up . Amy and Molly stumble out , sprinting to the ceremony -- molly ( run , out of breath ) I be here ! we be here ! the crowd cheer as they run down the aisle . Amy start to go to she seat but Molly try to keep she up on stage -- molly ( cont 'd ) no , stay -- amy I will go to my seat -- molly ( hold Amy 's arm up ) look who made it ! the crowd go nut . ryan yes amy !! more senior we want Amy !/ amy !/ we love you amy ! ( continued ) 99 . continued : Amy blushes , amaze . Jared hand Molly the speech , eager to get off the stage , but Molly stop he , lean in and kiss he ! in front of everyone ! the crowd laugh and whistle . Jared float off , daze . Molly turn back to the crowd and grip the podium . despite all of she plan , she 's suddenly freeze with nerve . molly okay , uh ... it seem like Jared do a pretty good job . she just stand there , take in she classmate . molly ( cont ’d ) you know , I be so ... scared of you guy , I feel like I have to prove I be better than you . but really , I do not know any more than you . all I know be that we all have a lot more to learn . Molly lock eye with Amy . Amy smile at she , emotional , proud . all of a sudden Molly 's about to cry . molly ( cont ’d ) because this part 's over . and that 's so sad . in the audience , Amy nod , tear in she eye . molly ( cont ’d ) but it be great , be not it ? thing be never go to be the same , but it be perfect . ( back to the audience ) and I may not have before , but I see you . and you be great . do not let college fuck it up . ( then ) congratulation , guy . Amy give a loud woop and the whole crowd cheer . Molly take Amy 's hand as George and Alan walk onstage . GEORGE okay ! that go over , but I will not be cut down my allot time . ( call back ) gigi , hit the track ! 100 . int . amy 's room - later that day Molly and a very emotional charmaine help Amy pack . charmaine I guess you will get a international cellphone when you get there ...oh , good ! you be bring lingling ! Amy 's sex panda be poke out of she suitcase . before Amy can stop she , charmaine pull out the bear . Amy and Molly watch in horror as she start snuggling it to she face . charmaine ( cont 'd ) you give Amy this kiss for I when she get lonely , okay lingling ? all the way from America ! she give the bear little kiss . the girl recoil -- molly make that stop -- amy okay give he back now ! I wanna zip up my suitcase ! Doug walk in and brighten when he see -- doug lingling ! lemme get in there -- molly amy no! no ! Molly slap lingling out of charmaine 's hand before she can hand it to Doug . a awkward beat . doug uh , Amy , there 's someone here to see you . he gesture out through the window -- it 's hope . molly why be she here ? ( see Amy blush ) Amy ! why be she here ? ext . amy 's house - day 101 . Molly crouch to spy through the window as Amy walk outside , morning - after shy . amy hey . hope hey . ( then ) I just want to bring back you clothes . she hand Amy a plastic bag . behind hope , Molly freak out and start signing as Amy try to ignore she . amy thank you . thank you so much . I do not usually leave my underwear place that ... be not my room . hope I figure . amy how be -- do you -- be you okay ? hope yeah , I be fine . be you okay ? amy yeah . you know , prison kinda change you , but ... hope laugh . Amy grin . amy ( cont 'd ) I be fine . I be sorry . I just kinda have no idea what I be do with that stuff yet . hope well , for someone who have no idea what they be do ... you kinda know what you be do . she raise she eyebrow and give Amy a little smile . Amy blushes so hard she laugh . she might die . amy that 's -- um -- that 's cool . so what be you , how be you summer go ? ( more ) ( continued ) 102 . continued : amy ( cont 'd ) I mean , what be you do this summer ? hope I think I be gonna backpack around for a bit . amy really ? where ? hope I do not really know . anywhere I can find a couch to crash . I just wanna see some stuff before college . amy that 's -- I too . same . that 's why I be do a gap year . a nice moment . they be not expect that . hope well , have fun , nerd . she hand Amy a slip of paper with she information on it . Amy take it , stunne . hope start to walk away , and Amy call after she -- amy if you ever end up in botswana , you would have a couch to crash on . ( can not help herself ) technically it will not be my couch because I be stay with a family but I be sure they will be cool with it ! hope smile at she and keep walk . Amy celebrate , then sprint inside -- amy ( cont 'd ) Molly ! ext . lax - day Amy 's car inch around the bustling , chaotic airport . molly ( 0.s . ) Amy , this thing drive like a cruise ship . ( continued ) 103 . continued : amy ( 0.s. ) well , she 's yours now . take care of the old volvo for I . int . amy car - day / ext . lax - day Molly drive , Amy shotgun , back to riding like buddy cop . molly speak of vulva , remember when you miss hope 's and just go straight for that butthole ! amy once a day . I say you could bring it up once a day -- molly I be stock up for you travel day ! they both laugh . Molly pull over and stop the car . they laugh die down . molly ( cont ’d ) it 's so weird be on the driver 's side . everything feel off . amy I can not believe I be not gonna see you tomorrow . molly call I from you weird international flip phone , okay ? amy I will . okay bye . I love you . molly bye . I love you . amy bye . Amy get out and heave out she bag . molly go make that tampon , girl . amy I will ! bye . ( continued ) 104 . continued : molly bye . Amy just stand there in the window . amy what 's a year , right ? they can not look at each other . Amy close the door and Molly pull back into the traffic . she turn back , but Amy 's not look . Molly try to get a hold of herself as she inch away , lose in think . this be the next phase of she -- bam ! suddenly a out -of- breath Amy slam up against the passenger window . Molly scream . molly oh my GOD ! what the fuck be wrong with you ?! I be go through a thing ! I be go through a whole emotional goodbye thing ! Amy dive back into the passenger seat , out of breath . amy I can be the last one on the plane . ( grin ) wanna get pancake ? Molly beam . molly fuck yeah I do . slam to black !