blair witch iit by Dick beebe original Story by Joe berlinger & Dick beebe first draft ( revise ) January 10 , 2000 black screen and in that darkness , white word silently fade up : the follow be base on actual event . some dramatic re-creation be necessary for reason that will become obvious . beat . and then slowly swell up be the sound of panicked hyperventilation -- spasm of word and weep : voice ( heather donahue ) I be ...scare ... to close my eye -- smash up on the teary and terrify eye of heather donahue ( the now ubiquitous scene from " Blair witch Project " of she confess to the camera ) : heather donahue -- I be scared to open they . ( beat ) we be go to die out here -- -- then , suddenly , the incongruously perky Voice of deborah -- she would be a much if she would live to this image of Heather freeze frame . and we hear ABC 's deborah robert : robert ( v.o. ) happier camper see this weekend 's gross -- -- abruptly , up into the upper leave corner of the screen , the freeze - frame image of Heather go squeeze- box revealing : that we be watch ABC world news sunday -- the date ban at the bottom of the screen : August 1 , 1999 . reporter deborah Roberts sit behind the anchor desk read telepromp ter copy : deborah robert in only its first week of wide release , " the Blair witch Project " have take in a whopping 36 million at the nation 's box office . not too bad for a independent film that be reportedly make for less than the cost of you average buick -- CUT to : News video - Day . the angelika theatre , New York City . Big and bold on the marquee : " Blair witch Project . " track shot away from the theatre and down the street , to see : newscaster ( v.0o . ) -- line to see the new film stretch five block long down Houston Street -- and this be for a 10 a.m. show -- CUT to : Close on the long line - two young men in they late teens be interview on camera : young man # 1 -- to get the holy sh -- ( bleep ! ) -- scared outta I , you think ? man , what do young man # 2 I hear last night they have people runnin ' screamin’ out of the theatre -- CUT to : the last scene of bwp project on a big screen -- Heather donahue run scream down the stair inside the house -- and see Mike stand face the wall -- whip back to see that we be inside a theatre , and the audience watch this be collectively shriek with surprise -- -- and then collectively shriek even louder as Heather be hit from behind and go down , camera with she . CUT to : another theatre - night - video of a audience exite the film . one young woman be interview be particularly shake : young woman ... the kid ... Mike ...he be turn around towards the wall ' cause that 's what that guy in 1940 make all the little kid do before he kill they -- a gaggle of male teenager pass by in b.g. of the shot . one of they shout : teenager just a movie , baby ! the Young woman look confuse for a moment . look into the camera : young woman :no ... it be real , what we see uwa not it ?-- CUT to : telecast of mary hart on the set of " entertainment tonight . " mary hart -- whatever you want to call it , '' Blair watch " be definitely the cinderella story of the summer , if not the century , with now a 80 million dollar gross in just two week -- CUT to : News video of a 30ish guy railing at the people wait to purchase ticket to bwp : 30 ish guy -- save you money , it 's all bullshit hype ! Blair witch suck !-- CUT to : some stoner be interview on camera : stoner -- all repeat business , dude -- I know moron who have see the stupid thing like three time in one day . interviewer ( 0.s. ) how many time have you see the film ? stoner like maybe five . but not in one ( bleep ) - ing day -- CUT to : critic leonard maltin hold forth on - air : maltin -- it tap into we universal primal fear : of the boogeyman , of the thing that go bump in the night -- there 's something out there , you can not see it , and it 's come for you -- CUT to : video of more audience exit interview . two young young man # 1 =- I will tell you what be scary : try to keep my lunch down . if that stupid camera jiggled one more time -- young man # 2 -- some guy the row in front of I actually do toss -- CUT to : woman hold a baby . woman -- it be just so real -- CUT to : solemn-look geeky guy : geeky guy -- it be real -- CUT to : dubious-looking teenage girl : men in they 20 : teenage girl =- you gotta be kid I -- there 's people out there think '' Blair witch " be real ?? CUT to : bespectacle man in suit : man in suit the story of the three student be fiction . the legend of the Blair witch be , apparently , true , however -- CUT to : diane sawyer on " good Morning America . " diane sawyer -- the brass tack of the matter be , love it or hate it , " Blair witch " have escalate from be merely another cinema success story to a genuine nationwide phenomenon -- if not obsession . profit from merchandise tie - in go through the roof -- CUT away to : montage of Blair witch paraphernalia : --t-shirt and other apparel -- keychain -- poster -- the book - the Blair witch Project : a dossier ; Heather 's Journal -- the CD " josh 's Blair witch mix " diane sawyer ( v.o. ) -- the official " Blair witch " web - site now have receive 75 million " hit " to date -- -- shot of computer screen , on-line : the Blair witch store diane sawyer ( v.o. ) -- with that web-site , in just a matter of a few week , begatting dozen more web-site , with chat room so pack with fan and foe you be lucky to get a cyber - word in edge - wise -- CUT to : Computer screen show a Chat room in progress -- exchange fly back and forth like lightning : girlgenius : if story true , then how come end credit list " write by " ??? warlox : all doc be write by -- somebody have to put all the piece together like a story k-rational : that 's editing , idiot -- they make whole thing up -- that be actor cherubim - bo : then how come character have same name as '' actor " AK - 47 : you call that act c.i.a- list : congrat any U buy into big lie that bwp phony have successfully be sucker by dis -info campaign wage by U.S. govt they do not want we to know truth CUT to : video interview with ronald craven , sheriff of burkittsville . he 's stand at the corner where the Union Cemetery abut Route 17 . sheriff -- the truth be , this movie 's probably be the best and worst thing ever happen to this town . the good thing -- well , take a look down East Main there -- camera pan past he towards a stretch of two - lane blacktop with store on either side . sherif -- we have get people pour in here like it 's Times Square , some of them all the way from Europe , Japan . a whole lot of money be spend . the bad ? he point to a white wooden post stick in the shoulder of the road . sheriff there use to be a sign on it , " welcome to burkittsville . " they show it in the movie . somebody wanna show I where it be now ? I swear to God , this people , they be come in and make off with every - thing be not nail down . there 's two other sign I have to take down myself , put away for safekeep ' till this whole damn thing 's finally over . interviewer ( 0.s. ) when do you think that will be ? sheriff just pray we get to see it this lifetime . CUT to : video footage - burkittsville Union Cemetery . two kide wear Ohio State jacket . wandering around , confuse , with gravestone - rub kit under they arm . kid # 1 can not seem to find them . kid # 2 gotta be around here somewhere -- right here 's where Heather stand in the movie . kid # 1 look into the camera . kid # 1 we be try to find the grave of that seven kid rustin parr kill . kid # 2 lotta dead kid -- just can not find any die later than like 1867 . kid # 1 stop , squint . the camera travel with he gaze : atop nearly every other grave marker be a black candle melt into the stone . kid # 1 what do you think all this candle be for ? kid # 2 I would not touch tem . CUT back to : sheriff craven on video . sheriff nothing much we can do -- just enforce the curfew . which be dusk , for both the cemetery and the Black Hills Forest . CUT to : aerial shot of the Black Hills area : we see pack of people everywhere . CUT to : the overgrown foundation of rustin parr 's house in the middle of the wood . manic-ey teenager proudly display they souvenir for the camera : rock and cement sliver . teen # 1 this be what you call '' strike gold . " teen # 2 fifty buck a pop minimum back in Philly . CUT back to : the sheriff on tape . interviewer ( 0.s . ) there seem to be some controversy whether or not any of this actually happen . sheriff that what actually happen . interviewer ( 0.s. ) the three kid who disappear , everything that be in the movie , the whole Blair witch legend . the sheriff just stare for a beat towards the interviewer like he / she 's completely insane . then turn and walk away , rub he eye with a thumb and forefinger like a headache the size of manitoba just hit he . sheriff you will excuse I -- CUT to : a office in L.A. Big " artisan entertainment " logo on the wall . a well - turn out gentleman ( or woman ) who exude " executive " smile gently for the camera . artisan executive -- the only statement we feel comfortable make at this time be : we be happy the film 's be such a success ; we grieve with the family of Heather , josh and Mike . now , if you will excuse I -- CUT to : dusk . sheriff craven lean on he car on a road at the edge of the forest . sheriff -- this be the only reality I know : we be average about four lose rubbernecker a week up in this wood . the sheriff put a bullhorn to he lip ; bellow into the wood : sheriff get outta this damn wood and go home ! there be nothing in there ! smash to black and silence . White word again appear in the darkness : nine month later Music begin to be hear under it -- uber goth : type 0 negative 's " haunted . " it suddenly swell -- to ear-shatter proportion . smash up on ext . a van - in motion - highway - day Zipping fast down U.S. Route 70 -- West . we see the mileage sign on both side of the median indicate where they be come from and where they be now go : from Baltimore , towards Frederick , maryland . ( note : this be shot on 16 or 35 mm film , which will be the medium of " reality " for the rest of the movie . ) the music that 's blaring be not underscore -- it 's come from inside the Van . as be a woman' voice ( anna ) shouting over it : anna ( 0.s. ) you want to turn that shit down just a hair ?? int . the van - continuous tight on the Driver of the Van , a grunge - out 25 year old with shoulder - length hair , a well - wear black " Blair witch Project " t- shirt and cap : cotter kaller . he yell towards the backseat : cotter shit ? this be from " josh 's Blair witch mix , " man ! anna ( 0.s. ) down or off -- you be give I a migraine . cotter ( mutter ) Christ . he turn the volume down . cotter ( petulant ) just try to set the mood for the mission - - get the " feel . " anna ( 0.s. ) only thing I be feel be homicidal . cotter grumble . then a wick grin hit he lip . turn to the unseen man sit next to he in the passenger seat : cotter hold this . nick ( 0.s. ) what ? cotter the wheel . he clamp Nick 's hand on the steering wheel , pick up the 8 mm camcorder beside he , turn around , and start shoot into the back seat . Pov of video camcorder on a not- very - happy - at - the-moment - look blonde woman . anna tassio - on video age 20 . she roll she eye as cotter begin narrate : cotter ( 0.s. ) the bitched - out babe in back here be one Anna tassio - - we meet one dark and stormy night in a Blair witch chat room , we all do -- anna -- Christ almighty -- cotter ( 0.s. ) -- but she be nicer then -- sweeter -- she have not vomit twice already like today -- anna -- it 's call " morning sickness , " asshole -- cotter ( 0.s. ) ( editorial aside ) -- a six week bun in the oven -- nick ( 0.s. ) ( wearily ) -- cotter , just turn the camera off ? cotter respond by pan the camcorder towards the passenger seat . we see on video : nick leavitt a lanky 21 year old wear wire -rim . cotter ( 0.s. ) this be she equally on - the-rag boy - friend , Nick leavitt -- nick -- turn the camera off -- cotter ( 0.s. ) -- they be from umass , do some kind of fuck term paper -- nick -- Graduate thesis -- cotter ( 0.s. ) -- about the witch -- voice from back seat -- she do not exist -- nick -- you get that right -- the camera pan again into the back seat , show heather arendt , 19 , with a huge mane of fire - engine red hair . heather -- and if she ever do -- anna ( 0.s. ) -- which she may have -- nick ( 0.s. ) -- bullshit -- heather -- she be not a witch - - we embrace nature , not evil -- cotter ( 0.s. ) -- thank you , Heather arendt -- and aren dot we glad you be here - - a real witch -- heather -- fuckin ' a right -- nick -- cotter -- cotter --a wiccan -- nick ( 0.s . ) -- turn the goddamn camera off ! the camcorder swing back to Nick . nick we be not make Blair witch it here . cotter ( 0.s. ) I be . one big blur of a pan -- cotter 's turn the camcorder on himself . he issue he manifesto : cotter and let it be know -- before we even get to burkittsville - - it 's gonna be a eighteen thousand time better movie - - for half the cost -- heather ( 0.s. ) -- which would be about ten buck -- cotter -- and unlike the first one , every second of it 's gonna be true ! '' Blair witch : the Real Story ! " nick ( 0.s. ) cotter ? cotter I be not finish . nick ( 0.s. ) we be all go to be if you do not hit the brake . the camcorder whip=pan towards the windshield : the Van be about to plow into the rear of a huge coca -cola truck cotter ( 0.s. ) jee-zuz ! Visual pandemonium as the camcorder go fly from he hand and down next to the brake pedal we see both of cotter' feet smash down on the pedal . hear 0.s. : screeching of the passenger -- screeching of the brake shoe -- scream of the tire as the Van swerve into the next lane -- and then a angry symphony of car horn . heather ( 0.s. ) you be a complete fuck idiot , be not you ? cotter ( 0.s. ) hey , Mr. Graduate Fucking thesis here be s'pose to be drive ! nick ( 0.s. ) you drive , I will handle the video okay ? cotter ( 0.s. ) Fine . we see the view from the camcorder as it 's scoop up from the Van floor and bring back up to eye-level again . on nick's face as he wave two finger at the lens . nick bye-bye -- -- and the video zap to black . smash back to - film where Nick can be see toss the camcorder into the backseat Anna catch it , put it in a back pack and zip it . cotter what be you do ? nick this be not about we . cotter right . and the check 's in the mail . CUT to : ext / int . the van - two hour later - day do a relaxed 35 down the narrow ribbon of Route 17 . rural farm country . the weather 's turn grey -- make all the 19th century - vintage house and barn they pass look dismal , if not a little forebode . ahead of they , nick cheery little place . anna it 's like travel back in time . heather the good old day : toast marsh - mallow over a burn witch . nick they never burn witch in this country , they hang they . heather whatever - - all I know be the persecution 's go to start all over again , they keep pump out inflammatory bullshit like this fuck movie - - cotter -- hey : check that out ! at a crossroad , be a sign : welcome to burkittsville cotter ' think that all get steal . anna guess they think it be safe to put some up again . cotter think again . he start to slow the Van alongside the sign . cotter somebody wanna hand I that claw hammer in back -- -- Nick push cotter 's leg back down on the accelerator . the Van jerk past the sign and down the road . nick get bust on you own time . we have get a schedule to keep . cotter just glare at he . cotter be it every day or just semi - weekly you get you ass kick as a kid ? nick ( ignore he ) now you can bring the vehicle to a stop : there on the leave . ext . burkittsville union cemetery - just after the four of they stand there by the sign to the graveyard . Anna search the gray horizon . cotter why be we here ? anna she e-mail I yesterday this be where we should meet she . cotter who ? nick whatzername -- the " psychic " Anna hire . anna domini . domini von teer . cotter what 's she look like ? anna no idea , just talk to she on the ' Net -- she 's very good . nick so say she website . anna she be -- she 's help solve a bunch of murder : Arizona , New Mexico -- cotter -- how old ? anna I dunno , probably right up there , base on she resume . cotter then there she blow . cotter point to the wood near the far edge of the cemetery . stand there be a old , gaunt and particularly unattractive woman , stare at they . cotter terrific -- and I be afraid I be not go to get laid on this trip . the four of they start tromping towards she . nick Jesus . anna what ? nick that 's not whatzername -- it 's Mary Brown . cotter from-the-movie - Mary -brown , trailer Park Bible psycho ? heather oh , for chrissake , she be a actor . anna no , the kid be actor , the townspeople be real . her , the sheriff , the convenience store guy -- nick whatever ; that 's she . flashback - b&w to the interview with Mary Brown from " Blair witch Project . " the year have apparently not be kind : she look a good two decade young . CUT back to - the present they be less than 20 foot now from mary brown . she speak without expression : mary brown what do you want ? anna Heather double - just come over to say hello . mary brown it 's five buck for signin ' something ; ten for signin 's a Bible ; twenty , you want to take a picture with I . any kind have conversation , that 's subject to negotiation . cotter ( sotto ) I do not believe this . heather ( sotto ) I do . nick thanks just the same . I think we be fine . mary brown Heather 's not . take . heather I ? mary brown Heather . I see she . elly kedward 's hand be on she throat , and she be suck out the girl 's inside with she mouth . cotter ( to Heather ) Heather from the movie . Mary Brown shake she head . he hustle the mary brown Heather . nick be a pleasure meeting you ; we need to go now . other three back towards the cemetery . heather I take it back -- she be not a actor . she 's a nutjob . cotter that 's what josh and Mike say . heather shut-up . time CUT to : the cemetery . everyone spread out look for : anna domino ? domini von teer ...?? beat . and then , out of nowhere , seemingly just plunging right out of the earth a arm extend into the air not far from they . paper-pale and stick -thin , almost skeletal . domini present . they walk over . see , lie atop a crack granite marker , a Young woman who can not be more than 18 . heroin- chic skinny . all in black , include she make - up --uber goth : domini von teer . anna domini ? domini yes anna what be you do there ? domini try to find the energy . anna Inside the grave ? domini to stand up -- I be exhaust . be on the road since yesterday . cotter you want a hand ? domini I want amphetamine . cotter help she up . cotter beer and weed be what I have get . domini both . now . Anna and Heather look at the fade marker domini 's be lie on . it say : boy kurth May 28 ' 00 heather sweet place to take a nap . anna strange girl . heather you think so ? as they walk away , Heather see Mary Brown across the cemetery , stare at she . ext / int . the van - later - afternoon snake its way down the road that wend through the Black Forest Hills . inside domini and she second beer have commandeer the shotgun seat , Nick relegate to a tight squeeze in the back seat . Dead silence . she 's slightly unnerve . finally : cotter so , I hear you be from New Mexico ! domini sometimes . anna her father 's sheriff of taos County . domini sometimes . where be we go ? nick ruin of the rustin parr house . domini guy who kill all the kid in the " 40s . cotter ( '' outer limit " tremolo ) " the voiiiiice make he do it . anna the witch 's voice . heather she be not a witch . nick whatever . domini I hear voice all the time . that pretty much kill the rest of the conversation . ext . the van - later - afternoon park at the edge of the wood . back -pack be haul out of the rear , camp gear , video equipment . domini what be all this shit ? nick we be do dusk - till - dawn taping of all the place where there have be alleged Blair witch " sighting " -- the parr House , coffin rock , tappy Creek . domini why ? nick see what turn up -- which I guarantee will be nothing . some of the rest of the party be more hopeful -- heather -- or incredibly fuck naive . anna hey , folklore -- nick -- myth -- anna -- do not just pop out of thin air . it spin off of real event . at some point there be a Blair witch -- nick -- or one huge attack of group hysteria . cotter ( snide ) either way , maybe there 's a book in it , and they both make a ton of money . nick ( snap ) it 's a serious sociological study . domini the four of you really have too much spare fuck time on you hand , do not you ? heather and what 's you excuse for be here ? nick she get pay . domini ( shrug ) I think the movie be bitchin’ . ext . the wood - soon after mammoth backpack strapped on , the five begin walk into the forest . cotter wait a sec ! he spin and run back towards the Van . nick what ? through the tree , they see cotter place a pint of bottled water on the roof of the Van . start video- it as he walk away . heather he really be a fuck idiot . ext . deeper in the wood - later - afternoon slogge up a 45 - degree angle hill . this be not exactly Sir Edmund hillary and co . -- the five of they already look exhaust . heather do not we already do this hill ? Nick be stare at three different map at once as he walk . nick no . anna you sure ? nick yes . cotter terrific : a hour , we be already lose -- -- and then a look of trepidation cross cotter 's face -- flash to : footage from " Blair witch Project " -- panic , as Heather , josh and Mike realize they have spend all day walk in a circle . nick ( v.o. ) cotter ? CUT back to - present Nick 's glaring at he . cotter what ? nick look over there . cotter look up : less than 500 yard ahead can be see the ruin of a Old House . cotter okay , but -- nick -- now there . -- Nick be point behind he . cotter look . from the atop the hill he can see down to the road -- and he Van with the water bottle on the roof . cotter oh. cool . ext . the parr ruins - shortly after all the backpack and miscellaneous tonnage be already dumped on the ground . the five of they stretch they leg , massage sore shoulder and lower back , while sightseeing the remnant of the old house and its environ . cotter , not surprisingly , be taping everything . Pov camcorder a huge bite take out of one of the wall of the foundation , stone , brick and soil strewn everywhere around it . cotter ( 0.s. ) where they find the backpack and all the film a year later . anna ( 0.s. ) buried deep under 200 year worth of soil , ash , and compost layer . domini ( 0.s . ) yeah , that be a cluster - fuck for the mind . nick / heather ( 0.s. ) if it happen at all . suddenly , the camcorder image start shaking wildly . CUT back to - film cotter see run full - tilt towards Heather , who 's face one of the interior foundation wall . he 's jiggling the camera like he 's get St. vitus dance . CUT back to - video we hear cotter do a passable Heather donahue impression -- screeching as the shaking video image push in right towards Heather arendt 's face . cotter ( 0.s. ) Mike ! miiiiiiike ! noooooo ! Heather turn , scowling , and put she hand over the lens . CUT back to - film Heather push the camcorder out of she face . heather you be not only a idiot , you be a goddamn child . cotter why do everyone here but I have have a gigantic stick up they ass ? domini hey ! check this out ! CUT to - camcorder Pov : on one of the foundation 's interior wall : a gobbledygook of tiny handprint and strange , angular glyph . domini ( 0.s. ) look at that mark -- just like in the movie . nick ( 0.s. ) ancient rune -- cotter ( 0.s. ) -- what the fuck 's a " rune " ? -- CUT back to - film Nick erase half the mark with one sweep of he palm . nick -- chalk just hour ago by ancient adolescent . it 's call vandalism . anna what be this ? all turn . she 's point to the large , leafy tree with branch stretch everywhere above they . cotter oak ? anna no . what 's it do here in the middle of the foundation ? heather grow . this place burnt down 50 year ago . tree happen . Nick flip through a voluminous loose - leaf notebook -- point out a page to Anna . nick look it 's right here -- from the Blair witch " dossier " -- the sketch the anthropology student make of they dig when they find the backpack . the sketch show a spindly growth in the middle of the foundation , no more than six foot high . anna that 's a sapling -- this mother 's get to be three hundred year old , minimum . nick it 's a sketch , Anna - - it 's not to - scale cartography ; the tree be not the kid ' focus -- anna -- do you agree it 's that old , Nick ? nick okay , fine , whatever , yes - - it 's a old tree . heather why do not you just cut it down and count the goddamn ring -- who care ? anna because it mean the tree be older than the house . cotter yeah , so ? anna so whoever build this -- -- Nick rustle through the loose - leaf -- nick -- brother of rustin parr 's maternal grandfather , somewhere after 1858 -- anna hoever -- they build a entire house around a tree . stick up right through the live room . somebody like to explain that to I ? nick the rest of the family be crazy as rusty parr . anna oh , c'mon - - even you have to admit this be weird . nick no -- this be weird . he reach down and pick one of the now infamous wooden " stick man " off the ground . Pov - cotter' camcorder - close up sudden , stunne silence as the camera examine it fore and aft . and then Nick 's hand be see remove the material that secure the stick man 's " arm " to he " torso . " torso and leg fall to the ground , leave Nick hold a piece of -- CUT back to - film nick -- sacred and occult scotch tape . domini rusty parr have the right idea on child care . ext . the parr ruins - dusk by flashlight , cotter 's fiddling with five vid-cam on tripod that have already be set up . domini lie within the foundation wall stare up at the sky . finishes the last of cotter 's beer and discard the empty . not far from there , Heather 's already get she simple one - person tent erect . adjacent , Nick and Anna be wrestle with the nightmare of try to put up some barnum & Bailey - size number . nick you parent do not have a bigger one ? anna it be free -- I recall that be the chief sell point for you . nick no offense , sweetheart : fuck you . anna you know , Nick , you have be something of a total asshole the past few day . nick pardon I , I have have a few thing on my mind -- like put this safari together . anna like how weird - out you be with this pregnancy thing . nick let 's just leave it at : it be one hell of a surprise . anna you do not want it though . nick you body , you call . anna why be there no we " here ? nick could we take this up later -- like indoors , without half the world listen ? anna you feel no need to get marry or anything . nick Anna -- anna -- fine , later , fine . cotter ( 0.s. ) sonovabitch ! ! all eye turn : cotter 's stand 20 foot away with rotted wooden tentpoles and a piece of grommete canvas that 's literally mildew - disintegrate in he hand . heather Nice tent . cotter have not even open the thing since cub scout . heather never would have guess . cotter so where the hell be I go to sleep ? heather if you be look at I , look elsewhere . cotter I have get the panasonic portable dvd player . beat . she stare at he . heather what movie ? cotter ask I what I do not have . int . heather' tent - night Heather and cotter jamme in there like spam , share a joint , and watch " curse of the Blair witch " on dvd : the interview sequence with folklorist charle moorehouse , explain the '' origin " of the Blair witch story -- elly kedward 's banishment , etc . heather what I never could figure about the movie ? cotter what ? heather Three people : two guy , a girl -- sleep in the same motel room , the same tent night after night . cotter yeah ? heather no fuck . cotter heather make no sense . scare out of they mind , and the great stress reliever in creation right at they fingertip . nada . cotter no sense at all . ( beat ) I be a little stress . heather try a long walk . int . nick and anna's tent - simultaneous it be not the ritz , but they do come prepare : air mattress , big coleman lantern , a kerosene heater - - and heaps of book and brim file folder . they be sit up in they respective mummy - style sleep bag , study document , make note -- -- when this high - pitch moaning can be hear outside the tent . Nick and Anna look at each other . Nick grab one of the lantern and dash for the tent door . ext . the tent - continuous he shine the light slowly out into the foundation ruin -- -- and there 's domini , still lie on she back , stare up , coo : domini oooh . oooh . nick ah , domini ? domini what ? nick you plan on sleep out there ? domini not plan on sleep at all . she point up into the big oak in the middle of the foundation . domini oooh . oooh . the call come back to she from the tree : " oooh-oooh . " Nick see perch high up on one of the branch : a great horned owl . it 's stare down at they . domini I figure I lie here long enough , maybe he will swoop down and carry I off in he talon . Nick roll he eye and go back into he tent . cotter and heather be also watch this from they tent . heather we should be so lucky . cotter butt-ugly owl . they duck back into the tent . the owl keep watch . fade to black . several beat . and then in the darkness , a rustling sound be hear . a whisper that sound like : voice .. see if it 's alive -- click ! then Anna 's hand see -- she 's just turn on one of the lantern . sit up in she sleep bag . listen . the sound have stop . beat . she get out of she bag , grab the lantern , and go to the tent flap -- ext . tent - continuous -- and just as she step outside -- -- something strike she hand -- anna -- shit -- -- the lantern go fly into the dirt -- -- and suddenly out of the darkness come fly -- little hand wield small sharpen stick -- or be they tent peg ? -- -- and they stab into Anna 's belly again and again , accompany by shriek of delight . Anna scream -- nick ( v.0 . ) who 's James ? anna turn and find she 's inside the tent , wrap tight in she sleep bag . stare at Nick , who 's propped up on he air mattress with a book and a lantern , stare quizzically back at she . anna ( disorient ) what ? nick you say the name " James . " anna I do not know . she pull she sleep bag down , look at she belly -- unmark , unharme , bloodless . nick baby name ? anna I do not know . nightmare . nick you want I to scooch over next to you ? anna yes . ext . the ruins - night domini be still supine , stare upwards . domini this place be like a regular k - mart of bad vibe , be not it , pal ? the owl do not respond . man' voice ( distant ) please , someone , help I -- smash to a static shot of dark , dark wood . the Voice continue to be hear from somewhere deep in there : man' voice -- somebody , please ! pull back it 's come from the dvd of " Blair witch Project . " heather donahue' voice josh ?!? pull back further cotter and Heather arendt be fast asleep . must have drift off during the umpteenth view . man' voice ( much louder ) Heather ??? Heather arendt be up like a shot . man' voice Heather ?? josh ??? mild snort of amusement when she see the movie 's still play on the dvd . she button it off . start to lay back down -- man' voice ( loud ) Heather ???? -- bolt right back up on the verge of a coronary . the man 's Voice scream : man' voice they be pull my tooth out !! Heather literally punch cotter awake . cotter wha ' the -- she clamp she hand over he mouth . beat . they listen -- -- suddenly , scurry footstep hear ; giggle -- cotter ( through she hand ) --o-fug-me -- man' voice heaaaaather ??? cotter wrench himself away , grab he little 8 mm camcorder -- heather ( scared ) what be you , crazy ?? cotter ( exhilated ) what be you , nut ? he lunge out of the tent , camera already whirring -- ext . tent - continuous -- and right into a blind , light - up - the-night battery of halogen lamp . cotter Jesus ! halo- in the glare of that light stand four large teenager in various state of grunge . they all but scream of stoner . one of they 's get a huge run beta-cam on shoulder , another 's hefting a dat recorder and shotgun mic . we see cotter from the Pov of this guy camera : Pov beta -cam - video cotter shoot back at they with he puny - by-comparison camcorder , he thermal long - john halfway down he leg . stoner # 1 check this out : burkittsville 's funniest Home video . cotter 's still shaking . cotter Jesus -jesus - Jesus -- a furious Heather can be see scramble out of the tent . get right in the lens : heather ( 0.s. ) what the fuck ?!? CUT back to - film the stoner cameraman snap the beta away from she . stoner cameraman hey , that 's 50 k worth of hi-tech , chickee . heather you give I a fuck heart attack ! stoner # 2 oh , and you boogy all the way up here to get a good night 's sleep . stoner # 3 we just make you every dream come true , darlin’ . heather get out of here ! cotter what be you do with all this shit ? stoner # 4 shootin 's " Blair witch ii , " man - - what 's you excuse ? cotter shoot " Blair witch ii . " stoner # 2 oh , dude , I do not think so -- that be just not happen . stoner cameraman this be we gig . stoner # 3 we get jurisdiction , man - - we get fuckin ' permit to be here . heather oh , yeah ? let 's see " they . stoner # 4 they're , uh , like , in the car . heather bullshit . stoner # 2 let 's put it this way : one of we be go , and it 's you . nick ( 0.s. ) what 's the hassle here ? Nick and Anna appear from they tent . stoner # 2 you and the brady bunch , Mr. scorsese . stoner cameraman you be interfere with the commerce of independent film ! cotter aside to Nick . cotter they be make " Blair witch ii , " too . nick no problem , just give we ' till dawn and we be go . cotter what ? nick look , guy , we be cold , we be tired we be shook - - we just want to get out of here as soon as there 's light . we see something up at coffin rock today -- anna ( catch on ) -- or someone -- nick -- scared the live shit out of we . stoner # 3 what ? nick I do not know , I do not know -- heather -- yeah , a hand or something -- cotter -- come out of the water -- now even domini join the prevarication party , pop up from inside the foundation : domini -- stop it ! stop talk about it ! I be gonna freak ! anna ( tear up ) I just wanna go home . stoner # 3 ( impressed ) whoa . stoner cameraman you do not get it on tape , didja ? nick try , but -- stoner # 2 start bark order to he crew : stoner # 2 Strip it down and ship it out ! coffin rock ! they be pack up and ready to move in a flash . stoner # 4 turn as they trot off : stoner # 4 any other voice or noise you hear tonight -- it be not we . the stoner make josh Leonard - like cry as they disappear back into the darkness ; stoner ( 0.s. ) Heather ??? Mike ???? somebody ??? please ???? nick they be never see again . they footage be find a year later -- underexpose and useless . tire laughter . nick how're the camera do ? cotter due for a re-load and battery check . I will get on it . heather " give you a hand . I think my sleep for the night just end . anna join the club . nick well , everybody grab a coat , and pull up a rock for a night of witch - watch . the four camper proceed to they respective task . domini stay perch on the foundation , watch where the stoner disappear . to herself : domini something .... really twisted ... be go to happen . she look up . the owl 's go . fade to black . bird hear in the darkness . and snore . fade up on : int . nick and anna's tent - dawn cuddle together , fast asleep . ext . the parr foundation - simultaneous - dawn domini conk out on the grass , curl in a fetal position . int . heather be tent - simultaneous - dawn ditto Heather , sprawle half - in / half - out of she sleep bag . only cotter be awake -- well , make a attempt at it , anyway . squint at he digital watch : 5:45 be . cotter Jesus ... wha ' happen ... he groggily get to he knee and dog-walk out of the tent . several beat . and then we hear outside the tent : the cry wake cotter ( 0.s. ) oh , fuck I ! oh , Jesus ! Heather -- int . nick and anna's tent - simultaneous -- as well as Nick and Anna -- ext . the parr foundation - simultaneous -- even domini , -- and then she -- five tripod , who pop she head up and start to ask : domini what happ -- see ; they all see -- cotter -- they be all go !-- all minus the video camera they use to support -- cotter -- and none of ‘em be mine ! i- be - so-fuck , I - be -so-fuck -- where the hell be everybody ??? nick asleep -- cotter -- what happen to the goddamn '' witch -watch ? ? " nick -- I dunno , I just wake up -- domini -- last thing I remember be that four clown shoot the movie -- cotter -- yeah , the goddamn stoner ! who you think steal the stuff !? nick yeah . get to coffin rock , find zip , and come back , rip off the camera . domini look at one of the mangle tripod . domini ripped ? they look like they be bit off . nick smell like teenage Spirit . cotter this be funny ?? this be ten of thousand of fuck dollar ! ( shout into the wood ) you prick ! I will see you in fuck court !! anna ( 0.s. ) not the only thing miss , Nick . Nick turn . Anna 's at the tent door hold a pile of empty file folder and two looseleaf notebook that have somehow be tear clean in half . now Nick 's incense : nick that 's almost a year 's worth of work ! ( into the wood ) scumbag ! oh , Jesus , Jesus .... domini at least you still have the tape . cotter one set . everything from midnight on -- domini -- no , I think they be all in there . she 's point to the collapse section of the basement foundation where the original '' Blair witch Project " tape be find . the other four stop and stare at she . and then cotter go diving in the hole . beat . cotter ( 0.s. ) sonovabitch ! and emerge with two grimy handfuls of vhs , beta , and 8 mm video tape . heather that ours ? cotter brushes dirt from they ; hold they up for inspection . cotter my handwrite on the face label . and then he excitement switch to confusion . turn to domini : cotter how would you know they be -- domini ( shrug ) -- hunch . just sort have see them there . cotter my ass -- you see that four fuck baboon put them there ! domini no . nick cotter , I think she 's right . why would that guy go to all the trouble of steal the camera and all this other stuff and leave the tape ? cotter spite . nick they be make a movie - - if they be go to steal anything it would be just the tape , to see if we have anything they do not . domini I do not think it be they . cotter oh , who do then ? Blair witch ? snatch equipment to make she own sequel ? domini I do not know yet . cotter well , please keep I fuck inform ! heather that four guy -- it 's the only thing that make sense . she look over at domini , who say nothing -- just stare into the wood . ext . nick this be a goddamn disaster . let 's just pack it up and go . anna I want to see the tape . nick and what do you possibly think you be go to fuck see there ? anna no idea . but if that 's all we have get leave -- cotter -- nothing leave to play ‘em on , honey . anna oh , sorry , right . cotter you can be goddamn sure , though , I be go to be look at every second of them when I get back to Baltimore -- I get proof who steal my shit and I call the cop ! anna we be tickete to fly back from Baltimore , anyway . heather I , too . cotter hey , I get a whole editing suite in my loft -- more the fuck merrier . nick pointless . domini no . I do not think so . STREET in n. baltimore - several hour later - afternoon the Van pull up to the curb in a savagely decrepit and extremely desolate old industrial section of North Baltimore . cotter 403 41st Street , kid : home . nick I dunno it 's safe to even get out all four look : of the car . cotter by day ? no sweat . heather what about night ? cotter not a great idea . especially " cross the street . a thickly wood area that look like mostly sumac . cotter druid Hill Park . anna that 's a joke ? cotter that 's its name . a pastoral glade gambol with crackhead and homeless and average at least one homicide a week . nick let 's get inside . cotter first enormous brick warehouse on you right . int . cotter' build - just after four of the five of they ride nervously in a huge , ancient elevator that ascend in a series of jerk . cotter 's oblivious . cotter use to be a meat-cack plant . slaughter on the ground floor -- carcass schlep up on this thing for dissection and grind and -- heather -- cotter : shut up . cotter what ? int . door to cotter' loft - just after cotter open the elevator grate , revealing a metal door with a single lock . he fit a key into it nick just one lock in this neighbor - hood ? cotter all I need -- -- throw the door wide -- -- the loud barking of what sound like a pack of pit-bull greet they . cotter get inside quick , they will stop . heather too busy eat we ? cotter just go . int . cotter' loft - continuous he shut the door ; the barking stop . everyone 's eye zap all 360 degree around they : no dog . cotter tap a small speaker above the door ; cotter Baltimore 's cheapest burglar alarm . he re-open the door a crack -- the barking start anew . close it . nothing . cotter have the door jimmied a few time . nobody 's yet make it inside . he usher they into a huge double - storied space easily 30 foot high . expose brick wall -- massive iron roof beam . and cramme to burst with bizarre esoterica everywhere : -- carousel horse , huge airplane propeller , a bowsp 'rit from a old clipper ship , lawn jockey , a set of bunkbed make entirely of wagon wheel part , bowl ball , cannonballs , pinball machine . cotter mi casa y su casa ! heather Su casa y shit - of hole - o. cotter hey , ho n'-- this be what pay the rent and tuition . nick running a junk yard . cotter a cyber entrepreneurialship . heather English . cotter I spend a lot of time on e-bay . buying , sell -- sometimes buy then re-selling at substantial mark - up , sometimes just sell crap I find in the street . anna look like business be booming . cotter there 's some stuff that 's hard to part with . editing 's stuff 's up there -- -- he point to a loft overhange the big room - - a thin wooden railing separate the work space from a sheer 20 foot drop . cotter -- stair be back through the kitchen -- and a ton of bedroom , you wanna dump you stuff or catch a nap -- int . cotter' loft work space - a while later - dusk cotter 's run tape through he new video imac . the rest of they be gather around the screen in various degree of discomfort . they look like they have be there for some time . a lot of yawn . Nick 's rub he temple like somebody 's pound a marimba inside he head . on screen : they be all watch minute after minute of nothing . darkness . the outline of the parr Foundation . tree in the back - ground . silence . several beat as they continue to watch this stasis . then : nick I think we get the gist . anna we have look at half of one tape . cotter there 's four other angle , man , we have not even -- nick -- great : we can watch domini sleep for hour -- or , shit , maybe if we stay at it for a couple of day , maybe a deer ' 1l dash by ! anna for once could you just sit down , shut up , and give something a chance ? nick we be leave -- case dismiss for lack of evidence . maybe on the ride home we can figure how the fuck we be go to graduate with no thesis . anna I be not go anywhere , ' till - - nick -- bullshit ! cotter hey , chill , man -- domini -- there 's something here , Nick -- -- he grab Anna by the wrist and yank she up -- nick -- now c'mon ! anna get you goddamn -- -- and suddenly Anna stop . double over , clutching she abdomen . nick what -- cotter -- oh , Jesus -- -- blood can be see soaking through she jeans . anna I need to go to a hospital . int . emergency room - university hospital , baltimore - night domini , Heather and cotter stand grimly in the wait Area . finally , they see Nick exite a trauma room , look even grimmer . domini she lose it . Nick nod . int . trauma room - just after Anna 's lie on a ob / gyn table in a johnnie , clearly sedate , but with a face and eye still soak with tear . a e.r. intern ( female ) be clean she up . anna why ? intern any number of reason -- pick one , it 's as good as the other . anna I be out hike , camp the past two day -- that 's what do it -- I kill it -- ~ intern -- doubtful , Mrs. leavitt . the main thing to remember be , whatever the reason , it be for the best -- it mean something be wrong . anna something be wrong . intern look , this be not my field of expertise . you seem stabilize , but why take any chance ? let 's keep you overnight and have the staff obstetrician do a follow - up tomorrow . anna I guess -- -- and then Anna see what the intern be write on she chart : to see boyd kurth 5/26/00 Anna 's eye go wide . inside her head she flash on the grave marker that domini laid on in the burkittsville Cemetery : same name , same date . back in the trauma room Anna yell : anna no ! intern Mrs. leavitt -- anna -- I be not stay here ! intern let 's talk to you husband -- anna -- he 's not my husband ! she 's flail at the intern , try to chart . anna where be my clothes ?? ext /int . cotter be van - later - night get up , tear page from she they all sit silently as cotter drive . the now - fully clothed Anna just sit in back like a zombie . nick ( softly ) we will stay overnight , get a hotel -- anna -- cotter 's -- cotter -- whatever you want , no problem -- nick -- still go see the ob in the morning -- anna -- no. Anna toss a crumpled ball of paper into domini 's lap . she open it . it 's the top page of Anna 's chart . jotting " see boyd kurth - - " -- she head snap up . beat . domini look at the intern 's domini Nick . do what she say . int . cotter' loft - bedroom - later - night Nick tuck she into a elderly four-poster bed . Colonial in style . another one of cotter 's " find . " nick what can I get you ? anna sleep . she close she eye . int . cotter' work space loft - simultaneous domini , Heather and cotter gather around he imac , drink beer domini something happen to Anna in burkittsville , in the wood , I do not know . cotter what ? that make she lose the baby ? domini something . someone . heather who ? what ? domini just shake she head . heather woman miscarry all the -- domini -- no. cotter this be a little nut . domini turn the tape back on . cotter Fine . he go to it . without even look , domini pull the shoulder of she shirt down , rub something on she upper arm . Heather see it a good-size burgundy - color mark , oblong , vaguely spidery in shape . heather what 's that ? domini hmm ? I dunno . chafing from the backpack , something . heather that would be up on you shoulder , maybe you lower back . domini then I have no idea . and now cotter 's stare at it . cotter do it hurt ? domini like hell . play the goddamn tape . the first image that pop up be domini sprawle out on the grass of the parr Foundation . deep in rem sleep , she leg jerk like a dog 's . domini see it -- a snort of embarrassed laughter . int . nick and anna's bedroom - continuous Nick bolt awake to the sound of laughter . look next to he , Anna 's fast asleep . he look relieved -- then cluck to himself when he see that he 's fall asleep next to she on the big old four - poster with he clothes on . start to take off he shirt -- -- and then hear the laughter again . louder . it seem to piss he off . he get out of bed , open the door . hiss : nick hey , knock it off , willya ? but there 's nobody there . he walk down the hallway towards the kitchen . int . cotter' work space - just after Nick appear on the stair lead into the work - loft . see the three of they huddle over the imac . nick you wanna keep it down , she 's try to sleep . cotter sorry , I do not think we be make that much noise . nick it 's not a real " funny " time for we , okay ? heather ( confuse ) no .... it 's not . Nick just shake he head , snort with disgust . go back down stair -- int . kitchen - just after -- when he hear the laughter again . nick Christ almighty -- -- he start to storm back up the stair to the loft -- -- when he realize he 's walk away from the sound of the laughter . he stop . it 's come from the hallway -- int . hallway - continuous -- further down the hallway . louder . he walk faster towards it . the it 's come from the open door of he and Anna 's bedroom . start to trot . louder . take the corner into -- int . the bedroom - continuous -- the laughter stop -- -- as do Anna , who appear for a moment to be twirling round around in the middle of the room . nick what 's go on ? and Anna look down at herself and let loose a giggle of astonishment . anna nothing . I dunno-- nick =- you should get back into bed . anna I guess , yeah . she do so . Nick once again tuck she in . nick be that you laugh ? anna what ? nick just now ? anna no nick just ... try and go back to sleep . anna I get dream . I do not like tem . nick what would you dream ? anna Little boy . look up my skirt as I dance . giggle . nick here . he pop out two xanax from a hospital sample bubble pack . hand they to Anna . nick this will help . she swallow they dry . anna good . she close she eye . domini ( v.0 . ) there -- int . cotter' work loft - later - night domini 's point to the imac screen . cotter there , what ? I do not see anything . domini back it up , rewind , whatever you call it . cotter Fine . he do so . heather what would you see ? domini motion . stop there . play it again . cotter hit play . they be watch tape from a camera that be place almost to the ground , aim upwards -- domini -- there ! in the tree . cotter freeze the image . the tree be so dark and so far in the distance of the shot , he and Heather have to put they eye right up to the screen to even see it . cotter whatta you get , telescopic vision ? heather still do not see it -- domini -- that blur , right by that branch . she put she finger right on the screen . cotter quickly remove it -- squint . cotter okay , a blur . domini can you zoom it or something , make it real close , real big ? cotter I be the ebay Boy , remember ? I can not exactly afford that kind of equipment . domini who do you know who can ? where do we go ? heather for a blur ? domini there be something there -- do not ask , just trust I . cotter can not you like just divine it ? domini if I could do that , I would be at the goddamn racetrack , not here . cotter ( sighing ) I get a friend at a Lab . I could get the whole thing blow - up , enhance -- domini --go ! cotter four in the morning ? ext . 41st STREET - night cotter wearily unlock the door to he Van . he look all around he -- finally up : there 's a owl stare down at he from a tree in druid Hill Park across the street . int . cotter' work loft - later - night Heather be bring a cup of hot tea and 40 ounce bottle of malt liquor up the stair . see domini still in front of the imac , try to figure out how to work the thing . heather cotter will kill you . domini he will never know . heather two-to-one he dust the keyboard for fingerprint the second he get back . she hand domini the beer . keeps the tea for herself . heather at least go drink it somewhere spilling it will not drive he to suicide . domini okay . domini get up and slump down on the break - back couch in the work - loft . heather what be it you think you see on that tape ? domini still work on it . heather elly kedward ? domini no. elly kedward 's not the problem here , I do not think . she be just a good old - fashioned white witch -- page 62 be missing from the hard copy of this script ! sid you be gonna owe I the rest of you life , bud . cotter I know , I know . sid beta cam 's still come back tomorrow , right ? beat . cotter flush for a moment . sid pause the cotter absolutely . sid before 5:00 -- cotter -- hour before -- sid -- Christ , they find out I let you have it for the weekend -- cotter -- no one will ever know . tape . sid this be what you want enhance ? cotter yeah . sid you mind I ask : why the fuck ? cotter the , uh , blur there . sid look like a rope . int . cotter' work - loft - night Heather have apparently gain a tad enough mastery to run tape through the imac . she 's play and replaying a short section of cotter 's camcorder tape where the bunch of they be interact with the stoner Film Crew . she keep see a flash on the tape . between two tree far in the background . but she can not seem to freeze the image inside the flash . it look vaguely like a middle - aged man . heather do this look like a person stand there to you ? ( no response ) domini ...? she turn . sitting on the couch where domini be be now the very clear presence of a middle - aged man in a topcoat . he say nothing , just stare straight ahead . there 's a horrible wound in he forehead . Heather be mindboggle -- and petrify . she manage to stammer out the word : heather dad .. domini ( 0.s. ) what would you say ? Heather 's neck snap to she right . she 's sit on that same couch with domini . her eye scan the entire loft . there 's no one there but the two woman . fade beat . fade int . he 's wide int . domini be you alright ? heather +... I do not know . to black . and then in the darkness , a pack of dog hear barking . up on cotter' elevator - dawn have trouble get the key out of the lock . the door be open . the record pit-bull bark and bark and bark . cotter' work - loft - simultaneous the bark bolt Heather and domini up like a shot . int . nick and anna's bedroom likewise Nick . Anna do not seem to hear it -- fast asleep . as soon as Nick make it to the door , the bark stop . int . cotter' work loft - just after Nick , domini and Heather be gather around he like kid on Christmas . domini so lemme see it . cotter just let I get my coat off -- I have eight cup of coffee , I be wire for sound here . heather where be it ? cotter I get the tape enhance -- and I manage to sleaze a photo blow - up . Jesus , he 's gonna kill I when he find out about the camera . heather gimme it ! cotter throw she the 8 " x 10 " blow - up of the frame . Heather look at it , she face fall . heather still look like a blur , only bigger . domini grab it . stare at it , puzzle . cotter my friend sid say it look like a rope . and now domini 's eye go wide . domini Jesus . heather what ? domini that 's the reason . nick what ? domini why she kill child . cotter the witch ? domini it 's not about witch , goddamnit ! nick someone want to tell I what 's go on -- domini -- and we bring it back with we ! heather what ? domini it touch I , do not you see it now ? she yank down the shoulder of she shirt : the burgundy - color mark on she arm have grow larger and more distinct . it seem to have finger - like tendril spread out from it . domini its finger ! here . and here -- -- she yank down the front of she shirt : there 's another burgundy mark there -- domini -- and here and here she pull back she hair : she neck . there be domini I do not know how to I do not know how to but it 's here right and here ! two more grow on the back of stop it ! kill it ! now ! domini 's head be in she hand . she arm around she . she 's hyperventilate . Heather put heather slow it down , slow it down , whatever it be , we will figure it out . domini that 's why she kill child . heather I know , I know -- anna ( 0.s. ) -- you do not . they all look up . Anna 's stand in the doorway look at domini . anna they put they palm in the blood . and then they press they on you skin . and Anna walk out of the room . int . cotter' bedroom - just after - day domini 's lie down , Heather beside she . she 's drink a beer , seem much calmer -- though she 's get a afghan cinched around she entire body , toe to chin . heather you gonna be alright ? domini sure . I be sorry . heather no big deal . I be just try to understand . domini get some more beer . heather ( laugh ) I think you close the bar again . I will have to go out . domini go to the store . when you get back , I will try to make sense of it for you . Heather get up , start for the door . stop . heather what be you afraid 's go to happen ? domini that they will start touch we inside we head . int . deli - n. baltimore - day Heather stick two six pack inside a car . double think . go back and grab two more . at the register Heather wait in line . she see that across the street be druid Hill Park . stare aimlessly into the wood , chew on a thumb nail . she look seriously worried . check-out clerk ( 0.s. ) sweetheart ? Heather shift she gaze to the check - out clerk - - and she shriek : stand behind the clerk be the middle - aged man she see in the loft , with the wound in he head . clerk ( 0.s. ) miss ? Heather 's eye dart back to the clerk . clerk be you alright ? Heather 's eye dance around the deli . the man be go . heather you have a phone ? clerk just outside -- ext . 41st STREET - just after - day Heather stand at a payphone by the curb . we hear ringing on the other end . finally a pick -up . but a operator' voice be hear first : operator' voice you have a collect call from Heather . will you accept the charge ? Long beat on the other end . finally : woman' voice ( mom ) 'ye . the Operator click off . heather mom' voice heather I be just call , I know it 's be a long time -- mom' voice -- what do you need this time , Heather ? heather nothing . it 's nothing like that . I just want to know if dad -- -- a sound on the other line of the phone drop , bang on the floor or against a wall -- heather -- Mom ...? Mom ?? --a Voice come back on the line . but it 's male now : man' voice she want I to talk to you , Heather . heather who be this ?? man' voice you mother 's pastor . heather what happen to my dad ?? man' voice there be a accident early this morning . another car . you father 's injury be fatal . heather man' voice I will tell you mother not to expect you at the funeral . heather no . the phone click dead on the other end . Heather let the receiver just drop and begin walk , leave she two bag of beer on the sidewalk , in a daze . and then she start run . int . cotter' elevator - just after - day Heather 's bang like crazy on the door to the loft . finally , she hear the sound of cotter snap open the deadbolt . he open the door . the record dog bark . Heather slam the door behind she . heather where 's domini ? cotter my room , asleep , last I check . Heather barge past he and towards cotter 's bedroom . int . cotter' bedroom - continuous Heather walk in . the bed 's empty . the afghan 's lie in a pile on the floor -- -- along with all of the clothing domini last have on . heather domini ...? she do not bother call she name again , there 's nobody in the room . int . kitchen - just after Nick and cotter look up at Heather , confuse . nick well , she 's get to be somewhere here . cotter no one 's be in or out since you leave . would have hear the dog . CUT to : Heather dash up the stair into the work - loft . heather domini ?? empty . CUT to : cotter poke through the two hallway closet . nothing . CUT to : Nick look in the closet and under the bed of he and Anna 's bedroom . nobody . Anna sleep through it all . CUT to : Heather really start to lose it . rampaging through the big main room , push aside all of cotter 's huge carousel animal , look behind that thing she can not move , dump thing willy - nilly on the floor . heather domini ! !!! CUT to : cotter help Heather open one of the window in the big room . look out on the ledge . look down to the sidewalk , five storey below . nothing . heather Fire escape ?? cotter do not have one . Heather scream out the window : heather dominiiiiiiii !!! int . kitchen - soon after - day Heather , Anna and cotter sit at the table nervously . Heather be literally shaking . cotter she would have have to have a key , anyway , to lock the deadbolt behind she . heather well , she get out of here some - how because she 's not here !! nick Parents . she might have call -- smash to : Heather on the phone . heather taos , New Mexico . the sheriff 's Office , please .... thank you . she hang up . pick back up . punch in a number in a blur . beat . someone pick up on the other end : woman' voice good morning , sheriff 's Office . heather yes ! I need to speak to sheriff von teer . woman' voice he 's in a meeting . could I have he -- heather -- it 's urgent ! woman' voice could I tell he what it 's regard ? heather his daughter , for God 's sake -- I need to know if he 's hear from she this morning . beat on the other line . woman' voice ... the sheriff be a widower . they never have any child . Heather be strike dumb . woman' voice ++.- ma'am ? heather I be talk to taos , New Mexico - - woman' voice -- yes -- heather -- the sheriff 's Office -- woman' voice -- yes , ma'am , can I help you with anything else ? -- heather --his name 's von teer ! his daughter 's name domini !-- woman' voice -- thank you for call -- the line go dead . the three of they just stand there , stare at each other , petrify . and then Anna walk in the room . anna I be glad she 's dead . she bring the thing that kill my child . int . kitchen - later - afternoon Heather sit at the table alone , stare at the 8x10 that cotter make for domini . heather what do you see here that I can not see , damnit ! she run a finger down the length of the blur in the branch . heather what be it that scared you so much ? Nick enter , head for the blotched , ' 60 vintage Mr. coffee maker . nick finally get she back to sleep . heather Nick , what you should do be get she back up and get she to a goddamn doctor . nick Jesus , you do not think I know that ? you do not think I have try ? she will not fuck go -- she will not leave this place . heather she 's off she fuck rocker -- nick -- I know ! heather I be sorry . nick yeah , I know . it 's ... alright . we be all a little -- heather --a lot . nick Heather . heather yeah . nick okay . hypothetically . heather shoot . nick you think .... there could have be something up in that wood that Anna -- heather -- it 's not a could have -- there be , Nick . and it fuck up Anna , and do something to domini , and it cause my father to die , and it 's here with we in this place now . and I do not have one single idea in hell what 's go to happen next , just that it 's go to happen to one of we . and then the other . and then the other . it 's go to get into we brain and Heather finally lose it and start weep -- great wrack sob . Nick 's a little awkward at first how to comfort she . finally just start lightly massage she neck . nick there 's explanation . rational explanation for everything that 's happen . we will drive ourselves crazy if we keep obsess on supernatural what - if . heather that feel good . lower -- down into my neck . Nick move he hand down -- -- and somehow the two of they be then guide he hand down into she blouse , onto she breast -- -- and she 's moan , and grab hard onto he hair -- -- and pull he whole head down to hers . and they lip and tongue meet , and they be bite each other like animal -- -- and he hand be yanking and twist hard on she breast , between she leg -- -- and she 's literally claw he with she fingernails , draw blood down the length of he chest -- -- until she reach a burgundy - color mark right at he belt line with tendril like finger -- --snap !-- it 's like someone wake they from a dream . they both look at each other , baffle -- what the hell just happen ? but it be not a dream . Nick 's chest be stream blood ; there 's blood on Heather 's lip -- -- match the color of the mark on Nick 's waist , and the one Heather now see inside she elbow . they both move away from each other , uncomprehend -- and scared . int . nick and anna's bedroom - dusk Nick pace the floor as Anna lie in bed . nick I do not know what it be , but there be something happen here , and it 's start to scare the live shit out I , and look , I be just not go to argue the point anymore -- you want to stay here , stay , but I have get to get the fuck out of here , and I be begging you to come with I . anna I can not . nick then I be go -- anna -- no , you be not . you love I too much . you do not want to see they kill I . int . cotter' work loft - night cotter 's behind the imac , screen tape millimeter by millimeter , down one Coke after another . he 's so caff - out , both he body and he voice be shaking . cotter this could be something right here , do you think it 's some - thing , Heather - -? Heather do not even look up . she 's just sit on the break - back couch stare at domini 's 8 " x 10 " . cotter -- but that could be just a shadow , I think it 's a shadow , it 's nothing , Heather , do you think it 's nothing -- -- and he just keep prattling on oblivious , eye fix on the tape move at a snail 's pace in front of he . heather it 's about the tree , it 's something about the tree . she put it down on a cushion and snatch up the dog-eare copy of the " Blair witch dossier . " easily flip to the page domini show she : elly kedward truss in the wagon in the wood . flip backwards in the book , look for something -- heather -- the goddamn tree , domini , for chrissake , what ? -- and then she stop on the page that show the anthropology student 's sketch of the parr foundation ; the skinny little sapling in the middle -- -- then back to the woodcut of elly kedward in the wood -- -- then back to domini 's photo of the foundation -- the huge tree -- heather same tree . they take elly kedward out to the same kind of tree . cotter ( still oblivious ) -- I look and look in the tree , all I ever see , he 's always there watch , that stupid owl , over and over -- heather -- cotter , where can I get on -line ? cotter -- anywhere , anywhere , all up and live , all the time -- fuck owl -- Heather slip in front of one of cotter 's PC 's . time CUT to Heather on -line , in the middle of Blair witch Chat room , type : wicca girl : anybody know where tree be they tie elly kedward ? beat . and then a response . coffin rox : Black Hills Heather respond , type : wicca girl : thanx -- anybody know where ??? in Hills beat . response : treacle -treacle-little -eileen : my two cts ? by rusty parr 's house hadda be that close how else could she whisper into he ear ? Heather stop type ; absorb this . heather cotter ? cotter Fucking owl ! heather you think it 's possible the tree in the parr foundation be the same one they tie elly kedward to ? cotter no idea -- goddamitt ! and then suddenly another response appear in the Chat room : coffin rox : check BW cult book , 1809 - - they have full account Heather grunt . type back : wicca girl : 1 copy in exist . you get it ? coffin rox : no just see it wicca girl : where coffin rox : one of we wicca girl : if you be out there and get it anybody , contact I this mailbx urgent coffin rox : location describe pretty good in section bout first boy disappear afer elly die - James kurth & another kid Heather stop type . to herself : heather Boy kurth . cotter Heather , do that look like domini there ? Heather do not look up from she screen . impatient , try to put piece that do not fit together . heather where ? cotter down there in the Park . Heather look up . cotter be look down through the big room 's huge window ; he 's wave to someone . Heather get up . slowly peer over the loft railing . squint . heather' Pov a stark - naked domini be stand in druid Hill Park . look up at they . ext . druid hill park - just after - night Heather and cotter 's pace slow drastically as they try and navigate the overgrown pathway inside the Park . the flora be dense below and above -- moonlight barely penetrate where they be walk . heather domini ...? cotter put a finger to she lip . whisper : cotter not the place you want to announce you arrival . heather how 's she go to know where to -- cotter -- thing get a way of find you here . they walk . heather it 's freezing . cotter next time try put on shoe -- -- the two of they stop dead in they track . through the thicket ahead of they they can see a clear . illuminate by the moon be what appear to be a old wooden ox cart with snow drift up nearly to the hub of its wheel . heather and cotter be suddenly so cold they can see they breath in the air . heather what the fuck --?? cotter -- I do not know . he grab she hand and pull she through the thicket . they enter the clearing the snow be now go . where the cart be be now just a stack of rotting cut brush . a clean - up effort someone must have start , then abandon . Heather and cotter stare at each other , baffle -- and not a little afraid . cotter the moon try to shoot down through all this tree -- can make thing funky -- heather -- I see what I see . cotter yeah . I too . heather the cart they bring elly kedward into the wood with -- cotter -- into the Black Hills with -- 200 - something mile from here -- heather -- domini ! they both see it at the same time : a naked white body face down at the base of a tree . Heather race over , kneel down next to it . heather oh , Jesus , what happen , be you -- -- and Heather let out a screech . the face of the body reveal a elderly male . filthy , tongue lolling black out of its mouth . he 's be dead for some time . cotter ( 0.s. ) be it still alive , James ? heather what -- Heather turn -- a pack of little boy wild - eye and wield stick , rush at heather -- boy # 1 -- then finish the job , lad ! -- Heather screech again , throw up she arm to protect herself -- cotter ( 0.s. ) Jesus ! Heather look up : cotter 's lie on the ground , hold he bleed forehead . cotter what the fuck you do that for ?? Heather look at she hand . she 's clenching a sharp stick in it . the Little boy be go . the body of the Dead man be not . heather I do not . she grab he hand , pull he up . they start run . int . cotter' kitchen - later that night Heather and cotter at the table , still out of breath and shaking , as they tell Nick what happen . heather -- and one of the little boy , he name be James . as in the boy James kurth -- the first child to disappear from the town of Blair after they banish elly kedward . a look of alarm come to Nick 's face . but he say nothing . heather what ? nick I dunno it 's anything . it 's a name Anna 's mention -- from she dream . cotter I can not handle this anymore . he produce a large , thick spliff and torch it up . Big hit , and pass it to Heather , who take a even bigger one . nick how much of that stuff you guy be smoking ? cotter enough to keep sane . nick enough to make shape and shadow in the dark into something else . heather spare I . nick hey , chemical , fear , sleep - deprivation -- and a round - the-clock obsession with the occult -- hell have a recipe for a mind - fuck . cotter except we seem about 18 time more together than you . Heather spit-take a lung - full of smoke . cotter I would strongly advise you to join we -- heather -- before you lose you emotional lunch . nick ( shrugging ) yeah , what the hell . he take the joint , suck in mightily -- heather Atta boy -- -- and then the whole kitchen seem to explode -- --glass and mullion from the big window in the room come hurtle in shard at they -- -- and then when the noise finally stop , and the fly debris have all hit the floor , they all look down and see : on the peeling linoleum a horned owl break and bleed from its header through the window . spasm , and then die . eye wide , stare up at they . no one say a word . they just look at it . int . cotter' work - loft - later - night a lot of chair , but nobody 's sit down . cotter , Heather and Nick all look like they nerve be fray down to bare wire . heather we be be fuck with here , someone or something . nick domini . heather why in the world would she -- nick -- why in the world would she just fly the coop in the first place ? cotter chrissake : why any of this ? nick I think it 's time to get out of here . heather nobody 's go anywhere -- cotter -- hell , I do not think I be ever leave this place again -- heather -- one of we , all of we -- I have no idea -- bring whatever this thing be back here . we be not go to go out there and spread it around like typhoid Mary . we be gonna figure it out , we be gonna bring a goddamn end to it . nick domini 's the only logical explanation . heather we be not deal with fuck logic here ! cotter it 's domini , it 's not domini , I do not care -- all I know be I be not deal with something -- anything -- snuffing I in my sleep . I want to do what we do in the wood -- surveillance of this whole place 24 / 7 , with somebody monitoring that camera every second . there 's something , somebody here , I want to see them come . nick I think all you equipment get steal . cotter all the shit that be worth anything , yes . you would be amaze , though , what you can get free on the ' net . he open a desk drawer -- there must be a dozen little palm corder in there . int . what huge cam the loft - various location - night cotter lack in other equipment , he make up for with cable : spool of it -- and he 's run it from the various tiny vid - to a motley bank of monitor he 's set up on the kitchen table . heather duct -tapes one of the little unit on the top of a closet door - frame in the hallway . cotter see he have a excellent angle on the front door / elevator . anna watch half asleep and befuddle in they bedroom as Nick aim a camera on a jerry - rig broom - handle tripod . cotter connect the cable in the kitchen -- see Anna and a clear view of the bedroom door . nick & heather collaborate on install a camera from cotter 's work - loft that provide a view of the dark area under the work - loft . Nick lower the camera on a rope , while Heather guide and support the cable attach . cotter watch the camera descend on one of the monitor . satisfied by the view it 's give he , he yell : cotter that 's good ! tie it off ! back in the work -loft Nick do so . tye the rope securely around the loft railing . tye a slip knot in the loose end and lassoe it over one of the iron beam above to keep it from be a hazard . he have to jump to catch the rope as it come down again from the beam -- --stumble backwards slightly as he catch it -- --hitting the spindly loft railing -- -- which suddenly snap ! and Nick go tumble out into mid-air , the slip - knot in the rope in he hand the only thing keep he from plummete 20 foot to the floor below -- nick -- jee-zus !!!-- cotter see it happen on the monitor . cotter -- Christ !! he dash out of the kitchen . back in the work - loft Heather be try to lift Nick back up by the rope by sheer physical strength she do not have -- heather I can not do it ! nick do not ! you be make I lose my grip . cotter ( 0.s. ) I be come ! I be come ! and cotter come dash in with a tall metal step ladder . cotter just hold on ! nick I can not ! cotter splay the ladder open , start clamber up it cotter just let it go , I have get you ! nick what be you nut -- cotter -- it 's less than four foot just -- nick -- shit !!! Nick lose he grip--start fall -- -- cotter snatch hold of he as he fall , pin Nick between the ladder and he torso . the ladder wobble precariously -- cotter -- do not move , do not even breathe - - -- and then the ladder finally come to a stable rest . Nick be savagely shake as he slowly climb down . nick jesusjesusjesus .... ditto cotter : cotter yeah -- please do not do that again . a giggle be hear from the doorway to the big room . they all look : anna be stand there , laugh with she hand against she mouth like a little child . she sing - song : anna I could see up you dress . int . kitchen - later - night cotter , Heather and Nick watch the monitor on the table in silence . drink coffee . they all look majorly exhaust -- but none of they look in any immediate danger of fall asleep . they eye dart from monitor to monitor , relievedly see nothing -- except Anna toss restlessly in bed . Heather see that Nick be massage something on he forearm that 's make he wince . without a word , she roll he sleeve up : a wine - color mark that look vaguely like a jag J. heather gothic rune -- the letter " S . " nick or a blood blister - - or a bruise . cotter must be that blue collar life we all lead . cotter pull up he pant leg : two blurry burgundy mark -- crescent shape overlap each other . heather that 's a " 3. cotter for " James ? " heather go right along with this two . she pull back she hair -- where jaw meet neck : two smudgey mark that together look like badly - draw lowercase " n " 's . heather put ‘em together that 's a " k . " James kurth -- nick -- or lyme Disease or poison sumac , or God know what - else we could have pick up in the wood . heather you know what we pick up in the wood -- -- and then there 's a sharp knock at the door . all three set of eye zoom towards the sound , but no one move . the knock grow louder , more insistent . still , they remain freeze . frightened . they look at the monitor give a angle of the door / elevator . nothing can be see -- just a dark blur in the door 's peephole indicate someone 's stand in the elevator . heather who ? cotter no one ever come here . nick have to open the door to find out . the knock increase , along with muffle shout of : voice behind the door cotter ...? cotter ...? cotter - I will ....go. cotter get up and slowly walk to the door . the rapping and shouting increase in volume with each step . finally , a deep breath . and then cotter look through the peep hole . he see : sid he techie friend from the Film Lab glower back at he . sid I know you be in there , you piece of shit ! cotter ( quietly ) you have to go . sid not until I get that beta cam back ! we be both in a world of shit here !! cotter ( quietly ) I can not . sid it 's my fuck job , man !! cotter I can not let you in . sid start knock again . cotter walk back to the kitchen . sit down in front of the monitor . watch as the knock continue . finally stop . the expression on cotter 's face never change . time CUT to - the same - several hour later so quiet , so tense , they can hear the clock tick all over the loft : 4:10a.m . nick I should check on Anna . heather check the monitor , she 's fine . nick she 's far from " fine . " heather you be need here -- keep watch -- cotter -- f'chrissake , Heather , it 's not like the two of we be gonna doze off he leave for two second -- heather -- I do not trust anybody , not even I , anymore -- cotter -- shhhh ! # 5 , there 's something up there ! they eye all go to the monitor with the view of cotter 's work loft . beat . they freeze . a slight whirring -- then slow whooshing hear . Movement see in the darkness . cotter get up . nick what ? cotter one of the printer . heather no . we all go . nick Anna -- heather -- fuck Anna ! cotter ( v.o. ) no , you -- int . the work loft - just after cotter hand a sheaf of print-out to Heather . cotter -- it 's for you . come through email . how it start printing without a command , though -- Heather look up at they in astonishment ; dithere : heather -- it 's the " Blair witch cult " - - a copy -- some page from - - one of they on the site must have get my message - cotter -- who ? heather do not say -- it 's just this page . she try to make out the ancient , smear scrawl of this nearly 200 year old book . heather ( read ) " take by the witch as they be mark by she - - first Jamie kurth when the stain appear on he brow that next summer -- -- the next page be illegible , Heather flip forward : heather " for ttwas say he and jon edmund and other boy who find elly kedward still on she tree in the snow . poke she with stick find she still live . take she bond and noose they to she neck , hang she from she tree until she perish . " Heather look up at the other in wide - eye . heather that 's the little boy . elly kedward do not die from " exposure " out there : she be execute . ( resume read ) " killing elly kedward , but not the witch herself , who float from the mortal husk -- " Heather look up ; she echoe domini 's word : heather " it 's why the witch kill child . " nick I think all witch be benign and good . heather not this one . int . nick and anna's bedroom - later that night Heather try to rouse Anna in bed . heather I need you to talk to I , talk to I about the dream -- about James , the other boy . anna I do not ... I do not understand they myself . heather try , please , Anna -- anna -- bad boy , mean boy , cowardly boy -- just like domini . heather what do you mean ? anna a coward too . that 's why she have to go . heather what happen to she , where do she go ? anna do not know -- just that she be afraid -- heather -- Anna -- Anna wince . heather what , be you alright ? anna my eye , be there something in my eye ? Heather look . heather not that I can see . anna closer . lift the lid and look -- it hurt . Heather lift Anna 's eyelid , get close to she face and look . heather no . anna closer . and Anna gently guide Heather 's face down . begins stroking it . and the next thing Heather know , she body be gravitate towards Anna 's . she 's kissing she , stroking and fondle she as Anna guide she finger . pull down the cover , guide Heather down the length of she body to -- --a spot on the mattress between Anna 's leg that 's soak solid with fresh , gleam blood . Heather yank herself away , now see that the entire mattress be blood -cover . run from the room . int . kitchen - night Heather stare at she face in the mirrore surface of a toaster . blood blot on she cheek -- vaguely in the shape of little palm print . she 's hyperventilate as she tell cotter . Nick enter . beat . heather remember .... what Mary Brown say -- she could see the witch 's hand on my face , she mouth suck on mine . cotter Anna 's the witch . nick what the fuck 's go on here ? heather do she have mark , Nick -- like the one we have , that domini have ? nick why ? heather do she , goddamnit ?? nick not that I have see -- but that have no meaning -- that mean nothing . cotter why be she exempt , Nick ? nick maybe whatever they be , they just have not appear yet on she ? heather you really believe that ? nick it 's possible for chrissake -- heather -- the mark appear , then you disappear . like the little kurth boy , like domini , as soon as they come to full bloom -- and mine be she pull down she blouse -- the mark on she neck have grow -- they be the size of -- and very clear image of -- the palm - print of a child , ringing around Heather 's neck as if strangling she . cotter mine , too . and so be yours , pal . he point to Nick 's expose midriff -- the stain have spread up from he waist into he abdomen -- heather like a blueprint for disembowelment . nick there be other explanation ! she be not the goddamn witch , that 's insane ! heather then just give I one of you explanation that all three of we will buy . nick I do not .... -- and then Nick hear giggle . his eye and everyone 's eye go to one of the video monitor : the big room of the loft . where they see Anna twirling round and round on she tip-to , laugh , as though she be simultaneously be hang and look up the dress and giggle at the person be hang . now even Nick look petrify . int . the loft - various location - just after the Big room . Nick enter on the run . nick I want to see something ! anna whatever you want . nick the clothes -- take ‘em off -- I want to see every square inch -- anna -- no , what 's wrong with you ? heather & nick watch on the monitor : Nick show the huge mark on he torso . nick be you mark like this ?? anna why ? nick I see for proof positive you be the goddamn witch -- Anna dash from the room . at the elevator Heather grab she , as Anna 's try to open the door to escape . the record dog start bark madly . heather you kill domini , do not you , witch ?? anna I be not a witch , you be all crazy ! Anna run panicked into the kitchen -- and right into cotter . he grab she by the arm . cotter just say you be -- we will not hurt you -- -- Heather run in behind she -- heather -- we will just make you go away , so you can not hurt anyone else -- -- Nick enter the kitchen -- nick -- like you hurt the baby -- anna -- what be you say ?? I do not have anything to do with -- cotter -- the witch kill child -- anna I have not kill any -- heather -- Jamie kurth , Jonathan edmund -- anna ( in terror ) -- my God , Nick ??? nick just say the word , Anna . she try to dodge Nick and get back to the elevator , he cut she off . ditto , the other direction and Heather -- -- Anna sprint up the stair -- int . cotter' work - loft - just after -- and find she 's get nowhere to go but down -- 20 foot worth of down . and Nick , Heather and cotter be close in on she from the stair . anna please ! please ...? I have not do anything . heather bullshit ! talk ! anna Nick !! nick out of my hand . cotter barge past they all , grab the tope that Nick dangle from the loft space with -- anna what be you do ?? -- cotter throw the slip - knot loop around she neck . cotter hang you like the witch you be , unless -- anna -- Nick !! heather confess ! cotter tighten the rope . anna alright ! fuck you , fuck all of you ! I be she . Heather grab the vid-cam from the railing and start recording she : nick oh , Jesus , no -- anna -- fuck you bullshit piety ! you be the next to die , asshole ! page 102 be missing from the hard copy of this script int / ext . various location - day following a dizzying montage of video " real " footage much like the open of the filn . tv Reporters tell we that " once again , like Columbine and '' basketball diary , " life have imitate violent art . in this case , the Blair witch Project , " where , yesterday obsessed fan of the film perform ritualistic murder - - " Nick , Heather and cotter see : in cuff , be lead into the Baltimore Police Station . see : grainy static-cam of they be interrogate . see : news -film of the inside of the loft -- where Anna be find " murder . " and then a closet where a unidentified nude woman be find similarly " execute . " the News camera zoom in on the nude body of domini crumpled in that closet , visible rope burn on she neck . see : Nick 's confession . that Anna admit to be the evil . see : the footage Heather shot of Anna " confess . " but all the police and we see be Anna with a rope around she neck , plead to Nick , Heather and cotter not to kill she : " I have not do anything !!! why be you do this ??? please , God - - " end