C ) 56 continued : 3 ron that girl you take to the prom ? steve want you to come over and meet she . get a beautiful little kid . jessica . a beauty ... yeah , massapequa 's change ronnie , it 's no Mom and pop operation anymore . the old fuck in Congress can not rep this District anymore ... price , real estate value -- everything 's shot up . the marchesi brother be cut down Sally 's wood for a sewage disposal dump ... can you believe that ... move with ron through the operation to he office . ° steve .-+- I wanna push out . ronnie . copiague , jericho , bayville , Valley stream -- I wanna make " boyer 's " a whole Long Island thing , I want something better for the people of Long Island than McDonald 's and Colonel sander 's ... this be we town now ronnie ... 57 int . steve 's office - day - ca. there in stevie 's Inner Office with telephone , scrawle note , picture on the wall address business group , receive a award . a magnetize football game , a new color tv ... hittin Long Island map on the wall . . steve + ; - and I want you to come to work for I .. with I ... ron what do you mean ... I mean what be you ... steve I mean I want you to come to work for I . : you be part of it ron , this be the time to get in on it ... you be a war hero and you can benefit ... you should . ron what ... what do you think I could do ? | steve well ... I mean ... eventually you could be a manager of one .of this place ... right here '' in massapequa if you want ... just like you ( > ) dad ... on ( continued ) 57 ig the | ron look at a picture of steve 's new wife and the little child . 67 . 56 pw | oo ) continued : 57 ron I never manage a store Steve . steve nor would I start you there ronnie ... you could learn ... ron . yeah , but I ... I do not really want to be in a store y’k now why ... it 's not for I ... steve you gotta keep busy ronnie , y’know , and I think in a few year with hard work you could be a rich man ... , ron it 's real nice of you Steve but y’know , I get 17 hundred a month from the government and I just wanna look around a little bit right now y’know . steve ronnie , that 's charity money . this be not . a troubled look from ron , who then_conceals it , wheel around the Little office look at object . steve do not realize . steve I be say , you gotta put the war behind you ron , you gotta forget about that chair you be not ron ( soft ) yeah ... sometimes you know I think people .. they know you be back from Vietnam , they face change ... the eye , the voice ... the way they look at you ... steve ( reflective ) - »eyeah ... the people here ... they do not give a shit about the war ron . to they it 's a million mile away . and it 's all bullshit anyway . the government sell we a bill of goods . and we buy it . and we get the shit kick out of we ! for what ? for lie -- for bullshit lie ... ron ( softly ) whaddaya mean " we " Steve ?. you be in college ... ( continued ) | | i co he flash a peace sign . i ) 87 continued : 2 steve hey , I mean we all believe it ronnie . we see it on Television . we all live ... ron on : television ? what be you talk about Steve , I do not know what you mean , you say nobody believe it now ? steve ( defensive now ) -.- it be you buy that Communist bullshit ronnie ... they be gonna take over the world , finelli , you , walsh , the whole town be devastate ... for what ? for bullshit ... ron hey , no ...no ... do not tell I that Steve . I do not know nothing : z do not know .. i anything ... elieve -- I believe -- in that fuck war okay ? ... and I be not too crazy about people run around say ... steve hey ronnie I do not mean ... ron I mean I give three quarter of my body for that war Steve and if you give three quarter of you body for something you have better believe it man , you have better fuck believe steve look ron ...hey peace brother ... ron Steve I do not ... steve ronnie , ronnie , I understand you anger ... I sympathize with it ... and you get every right in the world ... but you can sit in that chair and you can piss and moan about the war all you want , you can go down to Times Square and pass out leaflet , you can demonstrate , but it be not gonna change a thing ... but if you wanna job ... if you wanna start over again and put it behind you ... then I x11 give you one ... I be here for you ... but if you head 's not gonna be there ronnie ... then I do not know what I can do for you ... I do not know ... ron look ...nod ... about to say something but do not ... ( continued ) 69 . 57 ay 57 £ 8 58 70 . continued : 3 57 steve you okay ? ron .+- okay steve...okay ... I gotta move on now okay ... it be good see you , really good ... we will talk again . .. with a smile that do not smile ... steve be sincere in a big hu ig .-. but ron have be turn inside out . and be not ... he hugg steve + ++ you think about it now , okay boy ... take you time -- peace man ... flash the peace sign once more . ' dissolve to : ext . 2nd 4th of JULY parade - day ( 1969 ) 58 a banner flap in the breeze : welcome home ron kovic support our boy in vietnam . silence , surreal . JULY 4 , parade - massapequa , harking back to the nighttime parade sequence when ron be a young boy . but now it be a harsh summer sun ~ day - burnt out street . a glare ... and the silence . the crowd shading its eye from the glare ~ a tension in the air . the high school marching band be almost past ... a drum fx in the distance ... something come up the street . the soft purr of a big cadillac convertible move down Broadway , fx of this SOUND strong in surround silence as we move up into the car and see a legion driver and legion commander , both in peak hat , wave to the crowd ... and moving wee into the back seat , ron look out at the crowd with a tight nervous smile . a flag be drape across the back of the car ... past the 7 & 11 store - teenager sone in and out with urchase , point ... past the crowd , silent , few of they wave , bast stare at ron like a ghost come back from the dead - uneasy ; a aquarium feel with the yellow of the sun bounce off the massapequa architecture ... past sparky the barber 's ( " un sex haircuts now $ 4.96 " ) and sparky in he barber 's uniforn wave ... the town have truly change -- modernize , more commercial , more sign , the sixty finally crawl over the fifty ... ( continued ) 71 , continued : 58 ron watch ... drum in background ... once he be stare from this sidewalk , up at he heroes . now he be the hero - and he 's a martian . : a little boy at the edge of the sidewalk turn to he mother . little Boy who be he , mom ? mom ( in conjunction with the silence ) he be wounded in Vietnam , shhhhh ... . a beat . the little boy look back at he , worshipful . little boy when I grow up , can I be in the parade like im 's : mom pull she child closer . 59 ext . FOURTH of JULY ceremony - day ( 1969 ) 59 a_wooden . platform with red , white , blue bunt . politician , dignitaries ... a choir of child sing " oh say can you see ... " as ron roll down the platform past they , direct by one of the legion commander to he position on the podium timecut to : 59a the legion commander be a vigorous middle - age man of Korean vintage , speak effectively at the podium . a . legion . commander today be July the fourth and I believe in americal . ind I believe in americanism . the crowd fight the heat and the glare . a father catch he 6 year old son and spanking he hard . father I tell you never to do that ! ron on the platform , look out into the crowd : séeing he family close to the platform mom and dad hold hand ... with tommy , jimmy ( 18 ) , susanne ( 23 ) , patty ( 13 ) , jackie ( 8 ) ... , legion commander ( continue ) - and most of all , most of all , I believe in victory for America . ( more ) . |! ( continued ) 72 . continued : 59 , legion commander ( continue ) ( cont have ) some people be start to say the war be wrong , that we should not be there . there be some people who would like to tear we country down -- but who be the kid who be defend they right to protest ?... he turn and point at ron . legion commander this be the kid who care about this country . this be the kid who go over there , just like we do once , who be put they life on the line everyday for freedom and democracy , so you and I here in . massapequa can live free ... a group of teenager watch - silent . a group of businessmen = equally silent ... ron watch , uncomfortable at be single out . . legion commander -.. this be the kid ... from massapequa and all the town across_the country , the kid who never have the chance to go to college , kid who respect they flag , they parent , they government , and they religion ... kid like joey walsh . he be the first and we get a street over in the park name after he . qhe parent of joey walsh , a mid - 40 's blue- collar couple , look lown . legion commander ( over ) and Danny topinka ... billy vorsovich ... a withered woman with she equally pale daughter , like a wyeth painting . | legion commander ( over ) phil and Larry Powell ... fhe woman make a shiver gesture of the head , like a wounded rd . legion commander - very emotional now . legion commander --- and Tommy finelli ... six boy from massapequa , all of they know what honor , duty , and sacrifice mean ... ron listen - ironic he be not dead . ( continued ) 73 . cy s8 continued : 2 59 legion commander ( over ) ier they pay the high price , they die for t crowd and commander - legion commander ( over ) this town 's be hit hard , it 's always be hit hard ... ask Dec over there , he be in the first War , a lot of we be in the second , and Mayor vorisak and me.were in Korea ... and that 's why we can not give up , that 's why we be gonna win in Vietnam ... because +-- because massapequa 's be there before and because of that six wonderful boy and ... ( voice quivering , point he . finger ) and because of he ! ron incline he head and stare into he lap . the crowd clap - fight the heat and the glare . his parent clap but tommy obviously do not share this feel , look down . his mom push he on the shoulder . dad restrain she . qo ' commander motion . legion commander ron , come over here and say a few word .. would you , please ? . ( to crowd ) ron kovic , folk , be bear on the fourth of July , 1946 - so let 's give he a big hand on this great birthday ... ron look - why do he have to speak ? applause , off . sharp low angle with . fx SOUND - as hand move reluctantly onto wheel of the chair and spin it towards the podium where the commander wait ... across squeaky wooden flooring , bump , SOUND , magnify with the tension he feel in the chair . ron move to the podium in fg with crowd in bg - the first time he have address a crowd . ron - shift in he seat , very nervous . ron I - uh - just want to say ... for all the guy in vietnam ... that we be ... do we best ... his leg start to spasm , and he try to control it -- make flurry of movement - hand to chest , to belly , onto wheel . gulp ao hard , suddenly , as if try to breathe ... more ' and more hesitant , a oi ) circle close tighter and tighter on itself . — ( continued ) 74 . ( ) 59 continued : 3 59 mom put away she tiny little U.S. flag , look at dad , concerned . i 's tommy also pick up on it as do susanne . | . ron +; - and the boy 's morale over there be real high ... and ... we be gonna win that war . . he gulp hard again , the wave rise up involuntarily from he belly area , he hand go there , surprised and writhe in he seat , try to find a more comfortable position . ron and you can be , you can be real ... his head drop forward , he gulp . he can not goon . he 's cry . . ron I be sorry ... I be sorry ... another angle - link ron and the crowd wait . mom worried ... the commander and dignitaries look at one another ; the commander move ron off ... ~ ++- past the banner : welcome home our vietnam veteran ron kovic . row 's S family come up to the platform , as they get he down to the ground . dad you okay ronnie ? mom it 's alright , ronnie , it 's gonna be okay .. you do you best . . | | tommy -+. just give he some air willy a Mom . the crowd watch . a embarass silence before the legion commander get back to the podium ... legion commander +;.and we will continue fight ' cause of boy | like ron kovic and the sacrifice he make will | not be in vain ... like he say , we be gonna win that war ! now let 's have a round of applause for the man who 's do so much for massapequa ... ( ete. introduce Mayor vorisak ) ron be wheeled away from the podium try to get some air . just want to be alone . a voice ' call out . ( continued : 59 continued : 4 59 timmy ronnie ! ronnie ... ronnie ! ron would rather not respond but then be confront by : timmy emerge from the crowd -- with a loose - fitting Marine fatigue shirt on . timmy ronnie ! ron under he breath , shocked , almost do not recognize he friend . ron timmy ? that you ? timmy o’jesus man ! hug ron really tight , bury he face in he shoulder . ' the crowd watch all around they . ron ( over timmy 's shoulder ) :++ I hear you be still ... when have you get out ? as timmy pull back , ron be shocked : timmy - the same boyish look , light skin , freckle , but a scar now , like a clean crack in a eggshell , all the way across he forehead . the face be old , now permanently wounded , the eye where death ive . timmy man , I ... man I ... man I ... the crowd , curious , press closer . timmy feel they stress , look back at ron who be silent look at he friend 's scar . timmy c’mon , let 's get out of here ... let I help , Mr. kovic . dad yeah , sure , timmy ... as timmy take the back handle of the chair and begin push he through the crowd - a silence as people part for they ... the two cripple , one push the other , forging they own parade . 61 int . kovic livingroom - night the television be on ( now a color set ) ... television clip -- a war protest in WASHINGTON , d.c. - Chaos , anger , teargas , confusion briefly see ... : mom it 's start ... as dad flip the channel to : tv clip -~ " laugh - in " lead in . the camera move to the backyard ... ext . kovic backyard - night ( 1969 ) 76 . 60 61 night - ron and timmy , in semi-shadow , at a table ... drink beer , insect sound , the moon drift by ... ron you see that hedge ? right over there ? timmy yeah ...? . ron '' -.- that second telephone pole ? . timmy oh yeah ... yeah . ron yeah , I hit 60 home run over that hedge one summer . I think I count every one of they . timmy yeah , you be the best , ronnie , the best I ever see . you shoulda go to that tryout for the yankee ... when that ... ron ---tag ?...remember ... in Sally 's wood ? timmy ++.tag on Hamilton Avenue ... ron ++.tag down at the beach ... timmy .+. tag on the roof ... ron +.. tag in the supermarket ... ( continued ) 77.7 61 continued : 61 timmy running basis , stickball , whiffleball , that 's day , I cut my wrist ? ron i you slip on a acorn or something .. run basis . timmy I slip on a acorn ? yeah I cut my artery and I think I be go to die fosure . ( giggle ) ron ( chuckle ) you be a mess ... that time you hit that foul ball right into ole Mrs. brink 's window and she come out scream , remember ? timmy yeah - but then we paint she fire hydrant pink ... ron and she call the cop ! timmy yeah ... an’ my old man really beat the shit out of I ! ( laugh , then a pause ) . ron I wonder what happen to she . . timmy Dead I hope . ron I wonder what happen to donna ? timmy . donna Peters , oh yeah ... oooh , nice right ? I hear she go upstate ..: to college .. syracuse ... ron yeah ? . timmy Real bright ... gonna be a lawyer or something ... ron ( embarrassed ) I use to write to she , y’know ... long letter from nam . Real crazy stuff , y’know ... how much I love she , and everything . .. God ! : ( continued ) 61 continued : 2 , timmy she write back ? ron kind of . couple of time . I do not know what to say . I guess I sound like a jerk .. ( shrug ) who else use to play ? timmy you ' know ... ron come on , tell . I . he want to hear the name again . timmy well , let 's see , Bobby Moore at first , Harry silvanti at short , grady Rogers third ... ron no ! no ! Rogers get sick ... it be finelli at third . . timmy --- yeah , you be right ! Tommy finelli . he hit .512 one year . I remember that year , yeah ... he get hit in the first ... a rpg .. past blow he away ... they could not even find m . ron Rick Jones in leave ... billy vorsovich in right , he could hit , he have the power ! timmy . yeah , but he be always flunk English . nstart to giggle ) he have a hard time with English . you know he get kill by one of he own mortar up at the oma uy giggle ) that 's really crazy man . another angle - ron can not help it , start to laugh too - of laugh with hysteria in the eye of it . ron shit ! I hear about that ... and phil and Larry Powell ? I can not believe it ... timmy they be great wrestler , be not they fuck tough ... you know when phil get kill ... ( more ) 78 . 61 the kind ( continued ) 79 . 61 continued : 3 61 timmy ( cont / have ) Larry - he be not too much in the brain department either - he go and join up the next day . : ron ( laugh harder ) oh God ! timmy +.- and then he get it ... there be a land mine or something and he get hit in the head with a tree . be not that gunny ? he go all the way over there and get kill by a fuck tree ... you know it 's funny . I think the whole fuck town get devastate . I do not think we have a fuck friend leave . I think it 's really funny . they laugh ... mom come to the backdoor , glance at they , then go back to she tv . ron yeah , yeah - when have you get hit ? timmy hunh ?... o0h , September 18 - near Dong ha ... ( pause ) . -.- lotta bad shit up : there , thing I do not ' wanna talk about ... it be crazy over there .. you know what I mean , you understand ? .. shoot anything that move ? ron yeah ... yeah ... timmy «-.we burn down a whole village one day .. there be this gook with she baby ... we torch the whole fuckin’ hut and she be scream ... ron listen , think back ... timmy where have you get hit ? ron me. oh January 20th , someplace I do not even remember ... near some river up in the dmz ... walk into a whole fuck battalion of ‘em ... I be shot in the foot , no big deal ... and I be run around like ... it be the wood again , like I be John Wayne or something ... " come on Charlie motherfucker , rat tat tat rat tat tat " ... ( more ) ( continued : & NY 80 . tv ) 61 continued : 4 61 ron . ( cont / have ) and then there be this crack right above my right ear and ... ( shift , sigh ) : timmy how be the hospital ? ron bad . really suck . : ~ timmy yeah . I know . sometimes I get this really bad headache at night you know and I be think the dummy in the hospital = they put this plate in backwards or something , man ~ like I be go crazy you know , they just come over I ... they just come ... and I feel like - like I be not I anymore -- like I be somebody else . ron how do you handle it ? how do you take care of it when that happen ? . timmy ( giggle ) well mostly I do a lot of drug . you just try to get through it man , any way you can .. you know what I mean ... ron when I be in the hospital -~ I keep think it be not so bad y’know , it make sense ... timmy whaddaya mean it make sense ? ron ( pause ) «-. cause I fail . timmy whaddaya mean ? ron , ' Cause I ... 's cause I kill somebody one night . timmy we all kill somebody ronnie , you can not feel bad about it , you have . no choice , that 's something that demonstrator will never understand , it be either they or we ... ( continued ) 61 62 63 ble continued : 5 61 ron ++- but that night it change my life ... it 's as. if nothing 's ever gonna be the same again ... ( shift , take a deep breath , do not speak ) timmy you do not gotta talk about it ronnie . it be over there man , it be ... ron + , - but there 's time , there 's time I have just wish ... I have just wish I have run back to the rear that day -- the first time I get hit , when I take the shot in the foot , I could have . just run back you know , I have the million dollar wound , I mean who give a fuck now if I be a coward or not . I be paralyze and castrate that day -- why ? ' Cause I be so id -- and I have have my dick and my ball now and I think ... I think I have give everything I get ... everything I believe in , all my value -- just to have my body again ... just to be whole again .... pause . a look between , they . " ron 's get tear in he eye . ron ++- but I do not ... I never will ... and that 's the way it be , be not it ? : int . train - syracuse , new york - day ( may , 1970 ) 62 nine month later . ron on the train , the platform bypass the window as the train ull to a stop ... look out i11 at ease in he best . shirt , jacket . ext . station platform - syracuse - day ( 1970 ) 63 ron come out of the train onto the platform - look ... not there . he 's wear a white shirt and tie . passengers hurry to the exit , then : donna appear come the other way - look for he . she have grow into a beautiful , young woman . ron see she - before she see he . a leap of the soul . as if for one moment he can stretch up out of the chair and walk to she again . . donna see he , across exite passengers - a flash in she eye , start towards he , as if also suspending she disbelief ... ( continued ) cc a ) 64 82 . continued : . 63 her Pov - past exite passengers - then ron appear on the platform , fully reveal in the chair ... donna continue ~ but a flash of the head , the inner collapse of spirit . it be he . ron , smile now , friendly - she approach -- stretch he arm in a comradely fashion , hold she - as they kiss hello . two stranger ... donna mute , smile - say something . he nod . int . student coffee shop - syracuse - night ( 1970 ) 64 ron and donna share a pizza and some cheap red wine in a student hang out . poster against the war , black arm band on the kide , a charge electricity in the shuffle , talk . donna seem a little distract . . ron ( embarrassed ) remember that letter ... I write you from over there ? donna sure . ron crazy stuff , hunh ? Long letter . I guess I tell you a lot of stuff I could not tell you in school . donna they be beautiful letter . ron yeah ? donna they be ... ron I do not think the spelling be too good . donna ' who care if you can spell . there be a lot of feel in the word ... ( pause ) +.. I be so sorry for what happen to you ronnie . my mother call I . I want to reach out to touch you . I feel so frustrated ... I just stand there in the hallway of my dorm shaking and ... and I could not say anything . ( continued ) 64 83 . continued : 64 as she remember the moment , we see the loving look in ron 's eye . if anything this now be the moment he have earn through he chivalry . how sad it seem ... she push back she tear , angry at herself instead . . donna +.. we grow up believe all that stuff ronnie , never question a thing . nothing they tell we be the truth . I even oppose the demonstrator at first , my mother tell I to stay in the dorm , not get involved , to study and I would not get into any trouble . '' stay in the dorm " , " do not rock the boat " that 's the way everybody from massapequa be ( laugh ) " do not rock the boat " , " play it safe " ... but there 's a world out there and it 's bigger than massapequa ... ron look at she as if he agree with everything she say . she take it as a signal to go on ... donna do you see the killing on television ? Kent State ? it 's as if the war 's happen right here , now . that git lay in that pool of blood in the parking lot . I feel so angry - ronnie , I do not believe anything they say anymore . that war be wrong ronnie . I be sorry I sound like I be give a speech but all that crap they teach we in High School -- about America always be right . and do you see that poster ... that picture of the child kill at my lai ? they kill baby ronnie . Babies ! ... Vietnam 's ruin we country . I do not believe in any of it anymore . I do not even believe in God anymore ronnie . it 's all a buncha lie ! pause . ron suddenly feel anxiety , take a deep breath . a young radical interrupt ... press some leaflet on donna . radical donna , need help get this out . donna : I can not right now . later . radical do not forget nine o'clock we get the meeting ... he go , eyeing ron ... ( continued ) 64 65 84 . continued : 2 64 donna ( distract ) I be sorry , it 's so crazy right now . we get a Kent State demonstration tomorrow . part of the national protest . I be on the organize Committee ... we ... ( break off see ron 's look ) ron can we get outta here , take a little walk ... a few minute ? she pause . donna sure ... ext . syracuse campus & town - night 65 donna push ron past the quad where the student be gather , exchange information . a loudspeaker announce tomorrow 's demonstration . : loudspeaker four student have be kill at kent state . beginning at nine o/ clock tomorrow morning we all be assembling at lindsey hall and marching to the federal build . bring you poster and banner and picket sign ... some of the student smoking marijuana , listen to some acid rock on they transistor ... other hand out leaflet ... a sense of urgency in the air ... ron look on as if on another planet . ron so what be you gonna do with yourself after school ? donna --- I do not know . six month ago I woulda tell you I be gonna be a lawyer . I exactly what I want to do . '' but now I do not know what I want to do . it 's so crazy now . each day be so intense , you do not know if there 's gonna be a tomorrow , you know what I mean ron yeah ... I be think about a lotta thing too . I be think about leave the - country .... : . donna massapequa ? ( continue , | | | i | | | ge 85 . co '' 65 continued : 65 J ron no . the whole country . America . I feel like get out . see the world . Mexico . South America maybe . some place far . some place in the sun ... : donna why now ? it 's a exciting time in this country ... ron I wanna get away from everything . the whole thing 's be so crazy donna . the war . the hospital . my mom. my dad . everybody in the town . I just can not face that people . they remind I of Vietnam ... of everything I be before . I just gotta clear my head out ... donna then. you should do it ronnie , get out of massapequa , ... like I do . find yourself ... ron yeah ... I should ... ( glance at she , a pause ) what be you ...? you see anybody , you get a boyfriend . try to sound casual but it hang there tense suddenly in the air ... donna delicate ... but she eye can not help but smile ... donna yes ... someone . I have be live with he ' pout a year now ... . ron ( quick ) oh that 's nice ... you parent know you be live together ? donna : oh God no ! they have have a fit if they do ... yeah , I think you have like he , he 's really sensitive . he get out of the draft , he father get a doctor to write a letter . he take I down to Washington to a couple of big demonstration against the war . it 's really incredible y’know -- the vibe . ron yeah . donna they come from all over the country . like a army . there 's this togetherness about the people ron , ... young and old ... ( more ) ( continued ) '' 7 65 '' b6 . continued : 2 65 | donna ( cont have ) and all the music , have you hear jimi hendrix 's " Star spangle Banner " , it 's wild , ... and the love , and anything go , you should come ron -- you could really help ... we be building a whole new community , we could change the World , ronnie . do you believe that ronnie , we could change the wor ron . oh I do not know donna , I do not know ... I / be just start to think about all this thing y’know ... donna - have you ever read about the life of mahatma Gandhi ronnie or Henry David thoreau on " Civil disobedience " ? that essay change my life -- it teach I that people have a right to stand up and speak out when a injustice be be do -~ that it 's they obligation , thei as human being . Gandhi believe that one person with the Truth be a majority ... could win ... even woman be fight for they rights ronnie ... they be in a secluded area of the quad , under a tree . she stop , come around , thrust out she breast defiantly at he in she '' shirt . . donna . I be proud of who I be as a woman . I believe in woman 's Liberation . I feel like ing 's hold I back now . I can do I want to do , be anything I want to be . I never feel prouder than I do right now about be a woman , ronnie . nothing can stop we . ronnie look at she . all healthy sexuality , pride , defiance . he 's inspire . ron it sound really . beautiful donna ... cicadas buzzing in the spring night ...a couple make out quietly pear then . . guitar music from the distance ... feeling of nostalgia invade hin . donna ( invite ) then join we ron , .. you can make a difference , we need people like you ... ' he rock in he chair , to a old memory of music ; as if it 's a night long ago . ( continued ) continued : 3 , 65 . ron ++. remember the night of the prom donna ? remember ? " Moon River ... wider than the sea ... my huckleberry friend ... " sing , eye close , weaving in the chair like a happy idiot , willing to make fun of himself in front of she but enjoy the memory ... . but to donna it have another sadder implication which she can not transcend . she hate the out -of-fashion romanticism ... and be surprised by it here and now ... ron . remember ? donna of course . ron ( sing ) " Moon River ... for I " ( finish ) Boy be I crazy that night . running through the rain $ 9 get there ... to dance with you . what a idiot hunh . donna nod , sicken . he seem to have totally miss the point of she woman 's liberation theme . she attempt a smile , try to share the spirit . everything he say now sound totally misplace , yet feel . ron I just have to dance with you ' fore I go in , y’know ... it be like ... it be like . I know it ... he do not notice she discomfort , take she hand . ron --- a 's I make you that promise that I have come back ... an’ I have love you forever ... donna for ( know where this be go ) oh ron , please do not ... you do not have to ... ron try to keep it light , nostalgic , but ... ron no . I want so much ... I want to keep it together for you donna , you know , to come back from that war a bigger , better ... man. a hero ... whatever ... ( a little laugh , embarass ) I think that 's why I always try to be the best -- baseball , wrestle ... ( more ) ( continued ) 88 . 65 continued : 4 ° 65 66 ron ( cont / have ) I want you to see I at my best , I do not know why that be with people , but ... you know it 's like ... it 's never enough ... it 's like you do something at twelve 's cause you wanna show everybody you can be fifteen , and when you be fifteen you wanna be eighteen , and when you be eighteen you wanna be twenty - one , you really wanna be a man so you go out and join up and you go to ... War ...and War be like this big secret see -- it 's something only a few people in this country really know about ~- and you think if you know what that secret be ... then you think ah ! then finally at last , I will be a man ... and when I be a man -- then I be gonna have you " donna " -- ... like you be part of a timepiece you know ... when I be twenty - one I be gonna have donna and that 's just the way it be ... and everything ... I ever do , hit that home run that day you be up in the stand with that stupid guy and that crazy song play " awalk in the rain ... awhooo whooo whoo whoo ... " be for you donna ... it be for you . ( pause ) . I want to want to shine for you , donna ...’ cause I love you ... goddamnit I really love : you ... I just never tell you .. ( exhales , a long beat ) jeesus ! he 's cry against he will as she reach out , bewilder , lose , she eye shut with pain , and put she hand on he cheek , try . too late to erase the tear . ext . syracuse campus = day ( 1970 ) 66 the student have take over a build -~ wave protest banner and flag from the window . start to trash the place now -- desk , papers , file cabinet be throw out the window onto the awn . . chant fuck the pig ! fuck the pig ! one - two - three - four we don ’t want you fucking war !! five - six ~- seven - EIGHT , we don ’t want to escalate ! the cop be form at two end of the quadrangle , empty out of they van . , . loudspeaker shouting order ... ++-as ron look on with donna and she boyfriend , a tall , lean intellectual young man of pleasant demeanor ... " peace now " and " stop the War " button . they be in a large group in the center of the quadrangle listen to one of the’ speaker , a young , black veteran in cut off fatigue , he medal pin to he chest . ( continued ) 89 . continued : 66 on the platform behind he be other young vets mix with student leader , the university reverend , and a few teachers ... the speaker be a fiery , move man , wave a document in the air . . speaker it say right here people -- in the declaration of Independence , if the government fuck you over , it 's not only you right but you fuckin duty , people ...to bring it down !!! a huge roar from the agitate crowd , sense the police close in . chant right on ! power to the people man ! remember kent and jackson state ! ron have never hear word like this ... he eye hungrily rove through the crowd ... ...to a few hippies all paint up , long hair , flower , one of they breast- feed a baby ... a tab of acid be pass in a priestly manner . '' x-.guy and girl pass joint ..a guy beat a drum ... oe ea speaker +.- if jefferson and Tom paine and that dude be here today , do you think they have be with Nixon or with we ? ( ad lib answer " with we ! " ) shit yes , Nixon 's the same as King George ! on the loudspeaker , the cop be advise the student to get out of the dorm ... loudspeaker you be order to disperse . you have five minute . this be a unlawful assembly . if you do not disperse , you will be arrested . speaker first he invade Cambodia and bomb the shit out of it , and then he kill four kid at Kent State ' cause they try to protest . this guy 's gotta go !! 1 , . ( roar -- " burn baby burn ! " ) right on ! the people of this conntry be fuck over cheat and lie to by all of ‘em , Truman , eisenhower , Kennedy , Johnson . the whole war be a big rip off ... people be die over there to make some fat cat capitalist businessman rich , this whole generation 's be sre ) out people ... more ( continued ) 66 continued : 2 66 speaker ( cont have ) and we gotta do something . we gotta get rid of this government now . ( roar - =- " burn baby burn ! power to the people ! " ) . a young veteran walk through the crowd , spot ron , come over ... see he , ron try to shrink back as the vet give he a high -fiver ... the vet seem to know ron be a vet . vet hey brother , Larry boyle , what 's happen man . ron ron kovic . vet . welcome brother ...to the War at home ... you gotta get up there , man , say a few word to this dude . wake ’em up man ... ron no. no. not today . thanks anyway ... vet ( look he right in the eye ) peace , ron ... and welcome home ... he go ... ron stir , something in he reluctantly move by the man ... donna notice it , smile ... speaker we be the one put we body on the line -=~ for people who do not even care about we when we come home . I love this country once ... the speaker now rip the medal from he chest and brandish they in he hand ... . speaker «.- and all this I win over there ... the purple heart , the bronze Star , all the commendation medal and the rest of this garbage ... do not mean _a thing fuck this shit . shake with emotion , he hurl they : into the distance ... ron be shocked . he 's never see or hear something like this . as he catch donna nos eye for a moment . she have she fist in the air yell " right on , burn , baby , burn ! " beautiful yet cruel in she anger , she embody the revolution , ron look away . the crowd be get crazier -- now lighting up a straw effigy of Nixon , a mask of he face at the top . ( continued ) 66 continued : 3 &) chant 91 .- 66 one - two - three - four we don ’t want you fucking war ! . . boyfriend . ( to donna ) : the pig be gonna come down . we better get he outta here . it 's gonna get heavy ... : donna . you take he . I wanna stay ... ron see this exchange ... boyfriend come on ron ... ron . donna , you gonna be okay .... a friendly rush smile , wheeling he out ... he Pov on donna recede , sweep away in the angry crowd ... a quick look to he but she have no time catch up in the next speaker , the angry reverend . angry reverend be this go to be another Kent State ? be that what you policeman want ? do you have to kill you kid to protect you government , you authority , you home ? do you think they be a bunch of bum like spiro agnew say ? they be not bum ... the first of the gas cannister go off ... +:.as the cop charge the Building and the rally at the same time ... try to break everything up at once ... Police car ... siren ...gas cannister ... the cop be charge into the occupy Building ... pull out the student chant ... - chant the whole world 's watching ! the whole world 's watching ! . donna yell at the cop , retreate with the ' mass of student . ron be wheeled over the grass at full speed by she boyfriend ... into a sequester doorway ... boyfriend stay here . I gotta get donna !... ( exit run ) ( continued ) 67 68 of 92 . continued : 4 . 66 cop run by ...gas ... they move in . Roman phalanx of might , hit they club on they leather glove in a rhythmic chorus of sound , sweeping all before they , the triumph of the State . chant . ( student from building ) the whole world 's watching ! the whole world 's watching ! a student be beat by plainclothesmen ... push into a car and drive off ... ron watch it all ... the dawn of a new war ... repell yet seduce . ext . arthur 's bar & STREET - night ( 1970 ) 67 arthur 's bar - massapequa - late night . disco music , light .. couple neck in they car , door slamm , stumbling , shout match between disillusion lover - : int . arthur 's bar = night ( 1970 ) 68 psychedelic light presenting montezuma 's revenge ~ a credence Clearwater " susy q " type sound , amplify bass beat - a young local group , with long hair , sullen demeanor ... they gal dance in strapless top , chew gum ; work class mama with short hair in green t-shirt ( " sure I raise Hell , so what ? " ) and black shiny slack ; ' the papas in jeans , a hint of presley in they hip roll as they dance ; college boy swilling beer in sweat shirt with sign on they , ' Olympic drink team 's , sockless loafer , long sideburn , the hair get longer ... the back room ~ a girl , jenny , in jeans play pool , cigarette to lip , lining up a shot . ron be in he chair on the outside of a corner booth with timmy , several beer pitcher in front of they . with they be two guy in they 40 's , crewcut , windbreaker with 's brigadeer Factory renegade Baseball team 's write across the back . a sign on the wall over they : '' if you be drink to forget , pay before you start . ron ( a glassy stupid look ) that 's what the hospital guy say , '' you can take you Vietnam and shove it up you ass " ... that 's what Vietnam 's all about and you can take it and shove it up you ass . man # 1 ( yell at the waiter ) double rye , beer chaser , .. they never fight that war to win anyway . should nuke fuck hanoi y’ask I and get all we boy outta there ... ( continued ) 93 . continued : 68 J # 2 be sullen , off to the side , a edge of drunkenness . as ron glassily look over at the dance floor ... a slow tune now , the goupte shuffle head to head . move down to they foot . a eat ... ron turn back to timmy -- unconsciously itching he own nipple ... . ron vyet ... nam ... vyetnam , somebody oughta write a song ... about something get under you skin ... remember Del Shannon ... " runaway " . ( croon ) " as I walk along I wonder what go wrong with we love a love that be so strong awhoo whoo whoo whoo " ... o0o0h vyet nam ... i’1l tell you what go wrong , awhoo whoo whoo -- vyet nam baby . it be the wrong fuck war when you gotta come back to a dogshit hospital where they do not give a fuck if ... timmy okay , ronnie , okay , knock it off , come on ... ron +.. when it be just " a waste of fuckin’ time , and it be all one big fuckin’ mistake right and I be sorry but you can take you vyet nam and shove it up you ass ... " . man # 2 why do not you shove it up ass pal .. okay ? just ' cause you be in a fuckin’ wheelchair you think everybody 's gotta feel sorry for you ? ron what ? man # 2 . you be not the only Marine here . I be on iwo jima . we lose 6 thousand the first day . so do not go cry in you fuck beer to I you serve , you lose , and now you gotta live with it . you be a Marine , semper fi , they do not pick you , you ... you pick they so stop moan and pissing about it ! ron ( to timmy ) _ who be this guy ? ( to man 's # 2 ) I think guy like you be asshole that 's what I think . ( continued ) 94 . 68 continued : 2 68 man # 2 yeah , I bet you do buddy , you sorry motherfucker ... 's cause you know if they win.. if they win ... it 's guy like you they be gonna put up against the wall first ... 's cause they know you sure as hell can not trust a traitor . ron roll up to he eyeball to eyeball ... ron you call I a traitor ! . man # 2 man , if you be not in that fuck chair ... ron well I be in the fuck chair , so come on , motherfucker ! go ahead , go ahead take a fuck swing , take you best shot . I / 11 fight you sit down ... top of the ninth , motherfucker ! as ron pull he siderail out and wield it like a bat . a shove match start . the man stand , ready to haul off on ron as man # 1 ' and timmy jump in , separate they . man # 1 knock it off both of youse ... take it outside ... phil ! man # 2 breathes hard , eyeball ron , then shrug contemptuously , and exit ... man # 1 follow ... ron upset , breathe hard ... ron fucking bullshit ! ron roll past the dance floor to the jukebox , a bottle of beer in hand , desperately aggressive now ; at the jukebox jenny , the pool cue girl , 19 , shaking she ass , pick record . . ron hey , what 's happen ? ' what 's you name ? timmy ( follow ) ¢c ’mon , ronnie , let 's go . jenny ( chew gum , relaxed ) Jenny . " timmy «-.-ronnie ? ( continued ) | C a 68 continued : 3 CO — ron 95 . 68 lemme alone , go find somebody , willy a .. Jenny ? Jenny , how have you like to go to Mexico tonight ? timmy drift . off . jenny Mexico ? whadaya mean - Mexico ? I think you be réally beautiful , that 's what | ron I mean . jenny oh yeah ? ron yeah ! come on , come on , let 's go to Mexico . jenny what do you get in Mexico ? ron I know this really special place , it 's in the get a plane . jenny sun ... on the ocean ... we will go tonight , we / will I think you be crazy , man . ron yeah . I be . I be crazy . you wanna see I walk ? ( make a funny face ) hey , you want to dance ? I can dance . I dance crazy . ( rock around in he chair ) come on - . ron throw a ' wheelie’ on the dance floor , riding the back leg of he chair , like a athlete twist and shaking he shoulder , | he eye pop open and close , train to Georgia " . steve come in with a date , and 0 's intersect the bartender . steve ( to the bartender ) hey Bill . bill Steve . steve '' ( look around ) ) what 's go on ? ~ sweat a lot , set to " Midnight ther guy and another girl , ( continued ) 96 , @ ) 68 continued : 4 68 sho : bill same old shit . steve spot ron on the floor , amaze . . steve let 's get a table - jenny spin . jenny Bet you practice a lot ? ron yeah ...crazy ! ° look at she . breast bob as she dance . ron , more and more agitate , take one of she hand and spin she around he head - she 's push the dance to a reckless point . ron pop a big " wheelie " and crash onto the floor ... the band keep blast . somebody step past he try to get out of the way . a woman laugh . then the band stop . woman 1 you okay ... you all right ? I do not mean to laugh ... ( giggle ) man # 1 '' be he okay ? man # 2 him again ? # 3 fuckin 's shitface ! steve 's voice hey ron ... ron ? ron , look upwards groggily . he Pov - steve and timmy lean over he , Steve predominant in the frame , timmy more recede - ron now crawl along the floor , reach for he topple chair . hand reach in to help ; he shake they off . ron lemme alone ... I can do it . where 's my chair ? gimme my chair . the face look at he - ( continued ) 71 loo . ext . kovic house & STREET - night ( 1970 ) 70 the car drive away . ron be soaking wet in the rain , wheeling up the ramp alone and banging through the front door . his pant be off almost down to he knee , half naked . int . ron 's bedroom / bath / hall - night ( 1970 ) 71 he thump against a wall in he room , mutter something incomprehensible . ron shitzagod fuckout ! come face to face with himself in the mirror - and the crucifix ( ' let the beauty of Jesus be see in I 's ) ... 2++a craze concentrate look , sweat , rain , a bruise from the forehead where he fall ... he can not stand himself - feel the body on the crucifix , grasp it as ... mom come in , wrapping she bathrobe , worried - follow by dad . mom what be ...? ron oh Mom ...howya do ? she freeze , see he state . mom ronnie what be you do ? ( to dad ) : he 's drunk ... he 's drunk . I know it . we have a drunk for a son ... eli ! dad be move past she , ignore she outburst , start to prepare ron 's bed . dad go to bed , honey , it 's okay . pass ron who be wave the crucifix at he Mom - ron look , Mom , look at the cross , be not that what you believe in ? . mom ( look away ) oh God ! eli ! ron but I do not , I do not believe in he anymore . you know why ? ' Cause he only spend 3 day up there and I I gotta spend the rest of my life . I wish I be dead like he - ( continued ) 97 . ! 3 68 . coy 68 continued 5 . _ . ek . timmy leave he alone . let he get in himself . he know how to do it . give he some room . man # 2 . ( distant ) get he the fuck outta here , he 's drunk .. get ’im home . steve ( lean in close ) it 's okay , it 's okay ... he get hurt in ' nam ... ron ? lemme help ? ron , drag himself into the chair , a painful muscular movement , shaking he head . . ron ( gasp ) leave I alone ! stall , strain - then pull himself in ... he head bob sickly from side to side . ron ( murmure ) I be fine . come on . ~ let 's dance . steve denny , get the car . 69 ext . arthur 's bar & STREET - rain - night ( 1970 ) 69 ron , shitface , be lift into Steve 's car , a big cadillac with room for 3 on the front seat , ron in the middle propped up - figure around he , lose in shifting shadow ... raining now ... door slamm . : | ron | | , ( yell ) : where 's Jenny ? hey Jenny ! for steve hurry up , let 's go ! timmy you okay ? : another angle - ron be propped up on the seat ... the car moving - ' windshield wiper . . steve that 's right , that 's good now . \* & girl laughing . ( continued ) @ ) +y 69 continued : man # 1 shut up , willya Janet . : ron who be this chick ? timmy be you okay - be everything all steve 98. 69 right ? he 's really smashed , we get to get he home right away . ron ( at Steve ) ¥’know this car look like shit , you get no taste ! steve fuck you . ron grin , lean over on a shoulder with bleary - eye , mock Steve . Steve - imitation fur , ron yeah , you be full of shit Steve ... you be just a greedy fuck man . all you care about 's yourself man -- stevie boyer who rent we baseball glove . hey " peace brother " ( flash the Victory sign ) ... timmy come on ronnie , come on . ron --- but you do not really give a shit about Vietnam or . the guy who die over there , stevie . you be just eat hamburger count the money man . how much you make today Steve ? steve fuck you I do not gotta listen to this shit , you shitface fuck ... : ron to you it be a waste of fuck time and I be a schmuck for go . yeah , you know everything Steve , all you college boy know everything except one thing -- feeling , man , feel something 's ... pain , suffer , compassion , something 's ... I do not know . you get no sense of nothing outside you own personal Fucking self ... I feel sorry for you ... ( continued ) 69 continued : 99 . 2 69 steve shut the fuck up . what be you say !! I try to help you man , fuck ... jenny whatza he say ? I love you man .. * psurre like my brother , we grow up together but you be never gonna understand ... you be never gonna understand ... timmy he do not mean it Steve , he 's ... jenny whatza he say ? ron ( into she fur ) I wanna make love to you ... have baby , lot 's of baby ... go to you place ... whatza he say ? =? timmy howza he 's leg , he leg okay ? jenny fuck ! ( astonished ) he 's piss all over the fuck seat ! ( move ) look , my dress ! oh God , how dey gonna clean dis dress ? two hundred dollar ! timmy shaddup . . 2 hey asshole , you ait peed all over Janet 's dress . ( grab ron ) ron how ' bout that ! whatza address ? steve leave he alone , he 's fuckin’ nut , he 's outta he skull . man , # 2 ( insane paranoid ) get the bum home ! get he home ! Drop he off ! I do not want to see he ! _ | pimmy awright , awright . 101 . ) 71 continued : 71 mom oh ! you do not know what you be say ... ron .-- but see that 's the problem Mom . I be not dead . I gotta live . I gotta walk around and remind ‘em of Vietnam and they do not wanna know , they do not wanna see we , they wanna hide we ! '' they wanna hide we ' cause it 's a can of shit ! that 's why ... and I be the fuck dummy ... mom ( to dad ) he will not listen , he will not change . dad ( calm , to ron ) ronnie , please ... ron +..’ cause I believe everything they tell we Mom . go fight . go kill . sergeant man , Marine Corps !... ( a drunken salute ) of , squad leave , right , lef-rye , lef -rye , abow ce !!! he wheel around and violently , sweep all he baseball and wrestle trophy off the bookshelf . mom ronnie ! ron it 's all a lie mom . the whole thing 's a lie ! 72 int . kovic hall & livingroom - night 72 mom rush out of the bedroom ... ron chase after she now , follow by dad . mom . stop it ! go to bed ! he will not lissen ... he will not change . what did they do to you in that war ! what happened to you !! you need help ronnie . you need help ! ron no ! you need help mom -- with all you GOD and you bullshit dream , it 's all a lie , you / re a lie , the whole country 's a lie . '' tommy , jimmy , susanne , patty , jackie all stick they sleepy / head out of they room , hearing this slamm of door ... ( continued ) 102 . | c. 72 continued : 72 | se tommy whatza ? ... ronnie , what go on !! ron , thumping against the narrow wall in the corridor , chase Mon. mom go to bed . patty ... susanne !... go to sleep .. tommy , get you brother out ... ( to ron ) you 're gonna wake up the whole neighborhood ! ! ron I don ’t care . let '' em all know !! tell 's em all !! . : 73 ext . kovic house - night 73 the voice carry out into the night through the thin wall . ron I don ’t wanna hide it anymore . the lamb , mun castiglias , the walsh , let 's em all ow ... ext . the block - night : : . 74 light come on in various window ... a head peek out . a neighbor step out of he front door ... ron let 's em all know . look what they did to all of US . this whole block . this whole country . they lied to all of US ! they lied to I and they lied to you . they sent US over there to fight communism and all we did be shoot women and child . for what mom ! 75 . int . kovic livingroom - night 75 ron in a primal rage . ron they say it be our sacred duty as catholic and AMERICANS . they say that communism be a insidious evil . the church blessed the war , they told US to go , they blessed the burning village and the killing . thou shalt not kill mom thou shall not kill women and child mom ... remember mom you taught it to I ~~ isn ’t that what they taught US . that communism be a more ) evil mom . ( more ( continued ) 103 . 75 continued : 75 '' ron . ( cont / have ) t but they 're the evil mom , they 're the one we should be fighting . they lied to I growing up , they lied to all of US but it 's not gonna ' work anymore ... not for you . for I . for ! anybody else . mom stop it stop it ! as long as you 're in this house you will not talk that way ... eli , please stop he ... 76 ( int . mrs . kovic 's bedrgom . 76 as she flee the livingroom for she bedroom , fill with religious object . ron pursue she , brandish the crucifix ... dad ron . come on now . you made you point . N ron . no I didn ’t make my point . tell her dad . they 're killing everybody now . it 's all falling apart mom . king . kennedy . kent state . we all lost the war mom . fucking communism won . it 's all for nothing ... ( in a quieter tone ) tell she dad , it 's all a lie , tell she God 's as dead as my leg ... there 's no God and there 's no country ! ... it 's just I ... and this wheelchair ... forever ... for nothing ... I and this dead penis ... another angle -- as he grab the rubber tub of the external catheter tape along the inside of he thigh , he shred the tape ... he 's piss all over the seat . the leg bag be break . he 's ' soak . mom eli ! oh please ! please . I can ’t stand it anymore ! mom shuddder , do not want to see it , cornere in she bedroom . dad horrify , reluctant . to challenge ron 's emotion . the child behind he , stare through the open doorway , fascinate . dad ron ... no ! no ! not with you mother ! . for GOD 's sake ! ron +.- the church they say it 's a sin if you play with you penis , but I sure wish I could ... sy xk ( continued ) 77 78 104 . continued : 76 mom do not say " penis " in this house !! oh Jesus , Mary and Joseph ! why why why !... he will not let go , he will not let go !! what can I do ! what can I do ! ron . ++ I do not even get time to learn how to use it Mom -- it 's go in some fuck jungle over in Asia ... go for ... mom enough ! !!! as she slam the bedroom door on the whole family , a shriek blast down the block ... ext . the block - night 77 more people gather ... listen ... the silence now hang over the torpid night air ... int . mrs . kovic 's bedroom - night . 78 mom and ron be alone in the bedroom ... the silence ... mom be cry now , break by the strain ... the tear come like a little girl . ron stare at she , realize she pain ... in a quiet voice ... ron " enough " ... yeah I know ... I / m sorry Mom you gotta be so upset ... I be sorry it happen this way ... mom oh ronnie ronnie ... why , why do it happen this way ?... I love you ... I love you most of all ronnie . I remember when you come back from the hospital and I stay up with you all night ... I pray for you over there ronnie , you do not know how much I pray ... you be always the best , the brightest little boy ... that little smile of yours could light my heart up ronnie , such a ittle devil you be , God ! God !!! ( sob ) I love you most of all ronnie ... he sigh , roll over to she ... he put he hand out , run it over she tear ... he kind of laugh , think the strangest think it this moment , then in a confessional tone : " ron you know Mom , .. I never make love to a girl .. once in my ' life ... ( continued ; 105 . y 78 continued : 78 to mom look up at he , question eye ... ron . no. not in school . not as a Marine . not here ... no place . he wait . they share a look . mom what can I do ronnie ? what do you want I to do ? she reach out , touch he face , tenderly ... ron I do not know ... I do not know ... bewildere . he do not know . he sigh and in one powerful gesture , not fraught with malice but with anger and confusion , he snap the plastic crucifix in two piece and ... another angle -- toss the piece at she foot . ron keep it ... int . ron 's bedroom / bath / hall - night 79 dad lift ron from he chair to he bed . in he arm . a moment . the two piece of the crucifix . ron 's two arm flopping over and he pants down , dad gently lower he into the bed ... then remove he piss -soak pants ... undoe the break urine bag ... run a warm washcloth along the leg , clean he . a stoic calm tenderness . ron ( regretful , eye close ) I be fuck up ... I be fuck up . : dad ronnie ... maybe a little trip be all you need , .. that place down in Mexico you be talkin’ about ? maybe some rest ... ron I do not . wanna go to Mexico . I do not wanna go no place . dad ( rub he ) what can I do ronnie , what do you want ? ( continued ) cy 79 continued : 79 80 81 ron ( murmure ) I want a woman , dad , I want somebody to love I ... I wanna be free again . I wanna walk in the backyard on the grass . I wanna put my bare foot in the ocean . I wanna run along the -sand and feel it on my foot . I wanna stand up in the shower with the hot water stream down my leg , in the morning ... I wanna explode , dad . I wanna get out of this crazy fuck body I be in ... ( about to cry ) I wanna be a man again ... I just wanna be a man again . dad move rigidly , now connect ron 's catheter tube to the long plastic tube that run adjacent the bed ... and close the bedside lamp . in the dark , a quiet sob . ron good night dad ... dad good night ... son . - dissolve to : ext . villa del SOL - mexico = day ( 1970 ) 80 subtitle read : villa del SOL , mexico ( JULY , 1970 ) move along a vista of Caribbean , rock , beach , a scalding red sun set over the horizon ... wheelchair men move along the oceanfront , local aide in jeans and workshirt ... music theme . ext . veranda - day ( 1970 ) 81 a poker game in progress at the center of the village - red sun set in background . hardcore american type , exclusively paras and quad , with cowboy hat , boot , colorful clothing , and big-bust local women , they skirt up , sit on the edge of wheelchair , they arm throw around they men , rub they tit . pile of ten and twenty on the table ; high stake . mescal , tequila , rompopo , beer bottle - charlie hey big brown eye - what 's you name ? ron ron ... ron kovic . ( continued ) 107 . 81 ) charlie where from ? ron massapequa ... Long Island . charlie hey , ' you guy , say hello to ron kovic . just get in from the States they head bob up - mumble greeting , ad lib , and quickly back to the game : vet 1 why do not you bet . you get all the fuck money . vet 2 ( fold ) fuck you . vet 1 Son of a bitch - will not bet . vet 2 ( reach for he woman on he lap ) put you hand in my crotch baby . my fuck dick be not be hard in fuck month . . tl ( irrational ) Son of a bitch ~- will not bet - ron what 's you name ? charlie Charlie ... Charlie from Chicago . ron how long this game be go on ? charlie 55 hour . ron yeah ... how long you be down here ? charlie a hundred fuck year . ron yeah ? ( continued ) press she mammoth tit . side of the head . he grin madly . produce a mescal bottle with a quarter mark . ) 81 continued : 2 charlie yeah and I be never go back . fuck the States , I get my room . I get my woman . 1 get my bottle . that 's all the fuck I need , t 's simple . I want something simple . Fucking v.a. ~ nobody understand , nobody care . nobody give a shit and the woman .. the fuck woman , they do not even want to look at I , the goddamn fuck woman . the fuck States . I be not ever go back ... ( reach for he woman who be six month pregnant ) come here baby , you be beautiful , be not she beautiful . ron ( drink ) yeah - charlie get on down to town and get yourself one , man . fuck the shit outta you even if you be paralyze . ai not that right , martha ? woman you be no good . charlie fuckin a ! you know when you be really drunk on this mescal shit - charlie - be when you swallow the fuck worm , and you do not . even know it ! . ron laugh . a loud expletive from across the table . another angle - as vet 1 slam he lose card on the table . vet 1 fuck ! vet 2 , snuggling he girl , laugh . vet 1 laugh . motherfucker - go ahead , you be gonna get yours . . vet 2 _ ( laugh ) you oughta stick to gin rummy , meyer . dead worm float near the 108 . 81 she squeal - and slap he up on the ( continued ) fi 109 . ( ) 81 continued : 3 81 82 vet ' 1 ( menace ) yeah ? just when you be humping that mexican jump bean , I be gonna blow you away . I get a gun ... I get a fuck gun ... a skeletal vet 3 roll over , intersect ron very briefly - with haunt eye . silent vet do not stay here man , get the fuck out ! charlie ( drink from the bottle ) y’ever try fuck with a blowdryer ? the silent vet pull away . ron ( bewilder ) no ...never . charlie on the nipple , over the ear - it be not bad . a somewhat malevolent cast to he face - charlie you know what they say . if you do not have it in the hip buddy , you better have it in the lip ... ( obscene movement with he tongue and lip ) Big ass ! pinch she in the ass hard , she squeal . int . mexican whore bar = dusk ( 1970 ) 82 SOUND - a fat madame blow a wrestle coach 's whistle door open -- and 25 whore file out , sniff the customer ... high angle -. bar - some 20 men , local and tourist type , wait at the various table . ron be the only paraplegic , drink tequila . the pattern in the room shift and settle as the whore sit with fhe ! choose customer , leave ron conspicuously alone , aware of he isolation . the painted face , all age ..: a jukebox plays ... a young whore , snap she pocketmirror shut , come over to he , a gold tooth in she mouth , a look like a mouse around a crippled cat ... ron nervously look away from she stare , drink . whore be you from the villa del sol ? ( continuec ; 82 83 110 . continued : . , 82 ron yeah . yeah . whore do you want to sleep with I ? another angle ~ ron no !... no. she wait . fidget he steal another glance at she . ron . i..was..just ... I have just like to look around ... come in ... yeah I have like to sleep with you ... yeah , yeah , I have like to ... yeah ... whore then come . int . whore 's cubicle - night ( 1970 ) 83 a tiny cubicle - dirty mattress on the floor , dirty window a wooden crucifix , a squash candle which she light ... shadow ... she face come towards he ... glow ... ron ( genuine ) Nice place ... whore what ? . ron nothing . whore dinero ... quince dollare ... movement , paper sound as he pass he roll , uncare . she take what she want ... and a little more ... ron , tense , slowly take off he shirt on the bed watch as the whore , glow reddish against the curtain , take off she . clothes in two quick easy gesture ... whore . ( indicate he pants ) why do not you take off ? ron I can not ... I can not take they off ... they be paralyze in the war . ( continued ) lll . ( > ) 83 continued : 83. a , apt whore Vietnam ? ron nod ' yes 's . curious she indicate he crotch , move closer . . whore you let I see ? ron foe ( deeply uncomfortable ) no. no ... I can not move it . it 's no good . whore yes ! move to undo he pants 's buckle . ron no , please ! please no ! prevent she . the whore point to he chest . whore que es ? que es . another angle - she finger point to a tiny bullethole in he right shoulder , reddene scar tissue . ron that 's where the bullet go in ... the whore nod back . then : whore you cock ?. can move ?... can stand up ?.. sometimes ? ron . no. + - never .. .my spine . it break my spine . it ... : the whore - a moment . she reach out , touch he face gently . he close he eye , try to respond to the touch . she shift , slowly push she breast towards he face . he inch he lip into they , bury he mind - timecut to : 83a her long hair tumble down over he face , lash it like a wave . she pull he downward , she breast rake he chest . her hair trail down past he eye which now react ih surprise be ss she suck he nipple ... fx sound ... around and around . it be very painful for ron . ( continued ) ° no go i no 112 . continued : 2 83 each second a realization of what he 's lose on a even deeper level . he pov - the top of she head splay with black hair circle in smaller and smaller pattern as : profile - she lip make fast lizard - like step around the nipple . her two hand spread upwards across ron 's face ... caress , scratch ... . ron -- sweat all over he chest , neck , face -- a painful beauty in he eye . the awareness of he loss , mix with the wonder of the first time , bring tear to he eye ... overhead angle -- flesh move , the crucifix ... he crying eye -- bury between she thigh ... whore si! Si ! es guapo ! bonita ! the whore arching , thrashing as he lick she off ... she be mutter something like " ay dios ! que sign , que bueno ... mata , mata ! " timecut to : ron hold the whore in he arm , in the candlelight , explore she facial contour with he finger , she eye ... a knock at the door . voice elena ! ahora ! ; whore «..minuto ! ron , uninterrupted , gaze upon she as if the first woman ever make , worship in - he eye . ron ( excited , shift ) I want to show you ... okay ? she nod , confuse . : moving to he pants ... ron undoe they ... expose himself off . the whore , not that interested , look , frown ... whore si... be nice cock ... baby skin ... he do not notice the layer of she reaction underneath . : ( continued ) 84 113 . continued : 3 83 ron ( laugh ) yeah , that 's fosure ... never be touch ... ( caress she ) I like you very much . mucho amor in mis corazon ... she giggle , push he away . he 's silly . whore you come and see I tomorrow ... yes , four o'clock good time ... ron ° I will come every day ... maybe we could live in the village hunh ... and I have never have to go back to the States ... : she 's dress , giggle . whore si... you get dress hokay ? ron +:- we will live right by the sea , we will go fishing together ... . whore si , guapo . . .we get marry ... ( she cackle at that think ) ron why not ! that have be great ! whore hurry up now ... ( exite ) tomorrow okay ? ron manana ... whore yes - manana ... ext . ron 's mexican bungalow STREET - night ( 1970 ) 84 ron , in a happy mood , wheel back towards he casa in the village that night . snatch of guitar off , radios ... intersect vet 2 from the poker game . he be motorize in a electric wheelchair , he head bob as he croak a mexican song to himself ... we follow he as ron wheel past . vet 1 : from the poker game be hunch in shadow atop a cement ramp lead to one of the casa , a insane look on he face , he roll forward suddenly with a yell right down the ramp - building up a burst of speed . ( continued ) 114 . continued : . 84 slamming into vet 2 , sideswipe and toppling he chair over . vet | 2 scrabbling around in the grass as vet 1 laugh like a maniac . vet 1 . ! , laugh , motherfucker , why be not you laugh now ? ' vet 2 you son of a bitch ! 1/11 fucken burn you t tire with a zippo lighter when you not look ! 85 ext . / int . ron 's room & ramp - night ( 1970 ) 85 ron up the ramp into he room . very austere , one bed , one chair , one table , a glass and tin pitcher of water . a whining voice from a adjacent room , separate by a cheap partition . : voice Nina ?... Nina ? be that you ? who 's that ! ron it 's I . ron. . voice ( slurring ) - be that you ? will you get somebody for I ? will you get Nina for I ? somebody ?... ron ? a detach voice , with no body . ron , try to ignore it , pour himself a shot from the mescal bottle on the cheap coffee table . 86 ext . jewelry shop - mexico - day ( 1970 ) 86 the next day - ron peer into - the cluttere window of a little jewelry shop in town - and roll in , all excited . 87 int . mexican whore bar - day ( 1970 ) 87 ron wheeling into the bar of the same whorehouse later that day , intersect the fat madame with she whistle around she neck . ron por favor ? Elena ? madame she upstairs now , she come down ... beer ? ron mezcal . timecut to : ( continued , 115 . 87 continued : 87 moving to ron wait at a table with a bottle of mezcal - a gift - wrap box on the table in front of he , which he pick up as the whore at the bar glance at he . the girl now. come down the stair ... ron look as he Pov - she be now follow by a portly american who good - naturedly reach over and pat she ass ... and she return the intimacy with a good firm squeeze of he nut ... ron watch , smile . he Pov - the madame intersect maria elena at the foot of the stair and tell she something and maria elena now look over with a tired expression ... now fix a smile as she see he . elena ( to Madame , in Spanish ) oh , the one from Vietnam ... Si .... ron see it and draw the gift - wrapped present discreetly across the table and into he pocket , '' ashamed that he 's go too far as : she be next to the table now , with a weary smile . elena - so - today we get marry no ? ron sure , why not - she plant a kiss on he cheek ... he eye . a second businessman intersect , patting she ass . man hey , Elena , c’mere , c’mon ... sweetheart . elena brush he away . elena I 'il be with you later ... ( turn to ron ) you want drink or we go fuckee fuckee now ? | ron uh...yeah ... yeah , let 's go , sure - 89 116 . ext . 2 nd mexican whorehouse - night -( 1970 ) 88 ron wheel down a row of girl in a rear courtyard , a expert now ... night , a bizarre lighting setup in the courtyard come from the ground up - whore ( call to he and fade as he pass ) hey meestah , you wanna suck my teetie ... look this big teetie . I fuck you good , come ... hey ’merican , you taste my pussy ... be hot . hey guapo I geeve you blow job , you never have like this - ( pull up she dress ) ron ( wheeling to a stop , at one girl , indicate with he head ) okay . a face , somewhat lose in shadow , click she shoe off the wall and make she turn into a light doorway . int . 2 nd mexican whorehouse - night ( 1970 ) 89 ron be use a blowdryer on whore 's pussy . she 's not too wild about it , a sullen not too bright young lady . - 2nd whore be too hot ... not too close . ron be fun ... 2nd whore feenish ! ( sit up , he click the dryer off ) dinero ! 500 more ... : ron you say 300 be it . 2nd whore 500 more . I really show you good time ... I love you baby . ( touch he ) ron sure you do ... fuck ... ( dish out the money ) you be a liar and you know it ... 2nd whore no ! I no lie ... be too hard with you make love ... you no pay enough ... ( continued ) 117 : oo 89 continued : 89 be ron i fuck you ... you be just lazy ... suck my nipple ... ( lie back ) no fuck it ! fuck it ! you keep the money ... I do not want you to touch I . fuck you ... take the money and get outta here , bitch ... ( crawl off the mattress into he chair ) 2nd whore fou se : be my place . you get out . no come ack ... ( cursing he in Spanish , " impotent , crippled , gimp ... " ) she start laugh at he in a savage , low key way . he glower back at she ... want to hit she ... catch himself ... 90 int . ron 's casa & ramp ~ day ( 1970 ) 90 ron drink more mezcal as he try to scrawl a postcard home . he tear it up ... pull out a rumple old letter he 's never send ; fold into little part from he address book ... he unfold it .. nearby we notice copy of " jonny get his gun " , " all quiet on the western Front " , a biography of Gandhi ... his eye read the old letter , water mark . insert : letter : " dear Mr. and Mrs. Wilson ... I do not know how to tell you this . I know you son in Vietnam . he be ... " he stop ... something defeat in he eye . he know he will never send this letter ... he ponder it as the voice from the other side of the wall become onerous ... joe ( slurring , cry ) | Nina !... Nina !... Nina !... Nina ! ron shit ! joe . Nina ! Nina ! where be you ! exasperate , ron put the letter back in the address book , roll to the door of the bedroom . 91 int . joe 's room - day ( 1970 ) 91 ron roll in . : ron shut up willya joe ~ just shut the fuck up ! ( continued ) 118 . o. ) 91 continued : 91 | joe ( in mock echo ) Nina ... be that you Nina ?... Nina . the room be dark and joe , 20 , be wallowing in he own filth in he bed , on he belly - bedsore hole the size of fist in he naked buttock ... ) ++- bottle of liquor strewn around the bed , half eat food , - sockroach , the smell of death . ron approach - into the darkness ... joe rise up , and stare at ron . he have the most beautiful | pathetic eye , now watery with pain and delirium , and a body like a | skeleton , incandescent with high fever , close to death . ' in a weak move voice , obstinate : _ _ joe be that you ron ? ... can you help I ? can you help I ?... ron reach he hand in - and soothes joe 's face . ron you be hot Joe ... you_ gotta bad fever ... you gotta go back to Dallas , Joe . have you see you bed sore , they be gettin’ worse all the time . you gotta go back to the v.a .. joe ( shaking he head ) no way man ... never gonna go back ! ' ron you get blood in you urine , Joe . let I call somebody for you , let I call somebody . i joe | Nina ...get Nina , ron. ron Nina 's go , Joe ! she will not come back . she leave 3 month ago . she will not come back . joe ( shaking he head ) she would not leave I - Nina - she would not leave I -( drool on he chin ) ron oh hell with you , Joe ! roll away - angry , guilty . : vat . ( continued ) ee na 119 . continued : 2 . 91 joe ron , can you help I ... can you help I ? ron ? will you get somebody for I ? ron fuck you ! as ron slam the door of the casa , depart - : joe ( off ) Nina ?... Nina ? be that you ... Nina ? int . ron 's room - night 92 the nightmare ... image , ' fragment ... wilson run up in slow - motion over the dune with the grey ght ... ron fire three time ... over this joe 's voice : " Nina ... Nina ... be that you Nina ?... get Nina ron " ron waking up startle , silent ... his heart beat way up ... a old nightmare ... as he listen . the sound of the wave . the heat . the sweat ... the mosquito ... - int . 3rd mexican bar - day ( 1970 ) 93 ron , drunk , in another bar , count he dwindling cash reserve ... another angle ~- reach over without even notice it , empty the bottom of the mezcal bottle , worm and all , into he mouth . look around , bark at the bartender . ron mas ! voice ( yell ) that goddamn fuck slut ! charlie from the poker game , a sombrero on he head and a serape , roll out from the curtain in the back , angry and drunk and hurt . charlie I be gonna kill that hoor laugh at I ! she can not talk to I that way ! ron ( recognize he ) Charlie ! hey Charlie ! the whore scream something from a backroom . the action mount.ag in speed as charlie intesect ron , hardly recognize he . ( continued : 120 , . | | | charlie . that bitch think it 's funny I can not move my dick . fuck you . fuck all you mexican motherfucker ! they make I kill baby man ... they make I kill baby ... | the bartender come over - continued : 93 | | bartender you do not like the place , get out ! - | charlie fuck you syphilitic mother ! ron | j hey leave he alone , he 's my friend . hey ! a flash of the whore , bleed from the nose , try to get out the | | back room , restrain by another whore and a pimp . whore ( in Spanish ) get he , get that pig ! bartender get out , get the fuck out , I do not want to see you in here again . charlie do not touch I ! do not touch I ! ron «-- goddamit you hear I ! charlie | she make fun of my fuckin’ dick ! I would not be here if it be not for that fuck war ! : | 94 ext . STREET ~ mexican village - day ( 1970 ) 94 bartender : | +-- blow both you fuck head off ! ron | --- fuck you , fuck all of you , fuck mexico ! charlie , +.- baby , man baby ! they make I kill fuckin’ baby ! 95 int . " nowhere " taxi - day ( 1970 ) , 95 . in the back of the cab - move along a dusty road in the middle of '' ) a empty mesa . ( continued ) charlie lash 95 continued : ron ( worried ) you sure you tell he the right place ? charlie : villa Rosa - I tell he villa Rosa . . . ron villa Rosa ? charlie villa Rosa . driver si ! charlie great fuck whore house there , wait till you get there . ( remember ) that goddamn fuck slut ! that mexican scumbag cunt ! ron : fuck she , she be not worth shit . I think I see a sign - villa Rosa , Charlie . ten minute ago . charlie Fucking a she be not worth a shit . that fuck hoor , man , make fun of I . make fun of I . and they make I kill baby , man . on top of that - they make I kill baby . ( to the driver ) hey how far the fuck you go - tacohead ! ron you sure it be not that turn back there ... the sign that . charlie he 's fuck we ! he 's fuck we ! ron who ! aho ! driver caraho ! : ron Charlie - hey ! a slap up against the head of the cabdriver . 121 . 95 ( continued ) 96 '' 122 . continued : 2 95 : charlie look at that meter , it 's rig , he 's rig the fuck meter . hey - asshole ! slap he again . . driver pendeho ! es hombre loco ! Hit charlie back . slap trade . the car almost go out of control . charlie I tell you fuck villa Rosa ! driver '' vaya par carajo ! ron hey what be you ... try to restrain charlie from jump over the seat and throttling the driver , ron get accidently smack by the driver and now hit back - all three of they flail and shouting . ext . mexican landscape " nowhere " - day ( 1970 ) . 96 charlie and ron circle each other like worried vulture in the niddie of nowhere , a silence all around , the sun set angry and red in the low hill of the mesa - the cab disappear in a cloud of dust a mile away as : ron now what be we gonna do ? charlie fuck they ... ron sure ... yeah . how we gonna get outta here ? * charlie «-+- fuck they all ! fuck the whore , fuck the cabdriver , fuck mexico , fuck Nixon , fuck Vietnam , fuck they all ! | : ron yeah I know , Charlie - but how we gonna get outta here ? : charlie --- they make I kill baby man - little gook baby . you ever have to kill a baby ? ( continued ) 123. continued : : 96 ron yeah - okay - come on , let 's go ... let 's get a vide ... let 's get back to the villa . wheel out , down the side of the road , go nowhere - nothing in sight - charlie follow . charlie fuck you ... whaddaya mean " okay " - whaddaya mean " okay " - you ever kill a baby - you ever kill a little gook baby ? up the road - ron wheeling , lather with exertion , hope for a upcoming vehicle , charlie still on he tail . charlie do you ! do you ! ron what ! charlie do you ever have to kill a baby ? ron how do you know what the fuck I did ! charlie yeah , I do not think so . I do not think so . you be full of shit . ron no , you_are . leave I the fuck alone . willya . you be nut . you be fuck nut ! the fuckin’ sun 's go down and who know what the fuck come out here at night . we gotta get outta here ... charlie yeah - you never look at yourself in the fuck mirror . you be a scumbag ! you be like all the rest of thém gimp , like ... ron will you shut up , will you just shut up ! how : the fuck do you know ... you do not know nothing . maybe I kill ... baby . maybe I circle back behind charlie , try to get away , very | uncomfortable but charlie cut off he path , grab he chair . charlie you be full of shit kovic . you never kill baby ! ( more ) ( continued ) sena ee ee a ss 124 . 96 continued : 2 > 96 charlie ( cont have ) you never have to kill baby because you never put you soul in that war . you never put you soul _on the line man - ron how do you know ! how do you know what the | fuck I do over there ! maybe I do kill 1 baby . maybe I kill more baby than you do , you fuck , maybe I kill a whole buncha baby but I do not talk about it !!! I do not have to talk about it . | _ charlie why not kovic . why the fuck not . what be you hiding ! what be you -- better than anybody else ! you a hero ! be that what you be . - kov ic -~ a flash now .. , what be he hide ? why ? it 's all very puzzle in the heat with this madman stare he in the face . his eye like red saucer of pain , hurt , terror ... charlie ( repeat ) what the fuck you hide , hero ! ... do not shit I kovic , you never kill a baby ... anybody anything ! do you kovic ...did you ? . : ron do you ? | charlie do you ? ron | : do you ! charlie you ever look at yourself in the mirror kovic ? : ron do you ? : ' charlie fuck you . ron you ! charlie turn fast - etched and blacken out by the SUN flar hugely behind he in a ghostly bath of light - loom up over suddenly . . sy : charlie a no !! you !!! fuck you !!! ( continued ; '' ) 96 continued : 3 96 spit full in ron 's face . ron lash out - a headlock . '' dump he out - charlie pull ron down with he . they roll in the dust , sock , scratch , bite - drunk and ridiculous , in the midst of this vast , empty landscape . another angle - fight . curse . ron get the upper position as they drag they leg through the dust behind then . ron fuck you ! charlie ( resilient ) no . you ... fuck you ! ron hit he ... hit he ... charlie 's face close - pain , hurt - but he smile through the ' mashed nose bleed on he face . ron realize what he 's do ... he movement lessen , and lessen , and he stop . timecut to : a batter vegetable truck brake to a stop on the road , and a amiable - look mexican get out , puzzle at the topple chair look over at , the two figure lie exhaust in the dust , side by . side , still . charlie look at the driver motion . the truck driver pick up one of the chair . ron - a mess , look up through the dirt and scratch disfigure he at 's the sky - sober . ron | ( off ) | you okay ? charlie . ( bleed mouth ) ... fuckya , you be full of shit - ron reach over and grab charlie 's forearm , tight . ron I have a town once Charlie . I have a mother and a father and there be a place I believe in , there be thing that make sense Charlie . you remember ? thing that make sense , thing you could count on before ... we all get so lose ... ( continued ) } md 97 98 126 . continued : 4 96 charlie ( deeply sad ) yeah ... yeah ... ( tear ) +» yeah . long shot - the driver slamm the door of the truck . ron and charlie huddle . together inside ... and the truck pull out , frame by the hill . music theme - ext . / int . bus in georgia - day ( 1970 ) . 97 day - riding past farm field , down a road - now in a Greyhound Bus . ron look out . past a road sign - millan , georgia - pop : 9,901 . ext . georgia town bus depot - day ( 1970 ) 98 ron wheel off the bus at the depot - a spartan Main Street , agricultural community . he hesitates - almost ready to get back on the bus , which now depart . ext . georgia cemetery - day ( 1970 ) 99 a cemetery -- hundred of tombstone , mostly mark with confederate flag indicate Civil War dead ... a black cabdriver wait by he cab in the sleepy air ... ron roll through the tomb , look ... another angle ~- he find it ... slowly come to face it ... a tombstone be mark simply " William Charles Wilson , bear 1948 . die 1967 -~ in the service of his belove country " ... he fall into a state watch it ... him and Wilson . lock in this strange cosmic dance across time ... interchangeable . he dead . Wilson alive . his ghost call from the grave . " remember I . remember I ... tell they how I die . tell they . that I do not die in vain , stumble confusion . remember I ... " and ron be now hearing the sound of that last struggle on the windy grey beach of Vietnam and the obscene crash of shot and the gnash , struggle sound of men scream and die ... and wilson 's breathing through he windpipe , gurgle in he own fetid blood as he die , he big eye stare up ... as he roll over and die ... and the sound die ... ++- and a voice break through time ... snap he out of it ... ( continued ) 100 127 . continued : 99 man 's voice hey , Bobby ! over here ! ... come on ... a boy , about 12 , scamper by , look at ron , a toy gun in he and ... : -..as he dad wave he over to another section of the cemetary . his mom plant a flag on a grave there . ron look around . 's back in present time . know what he have to do now ... as he look at the grave a beat longer , then unlock he brake and execute a military like right face and go ... ext . georgia farm & road - day ( 1970 ) 100 the batter taxi pull up in a cloud of reddish dust towards at a farmhouse isolate in flat , roll hill . some hang cypress shade the yard . it be hot , muggy , a break swing , dilapidate porch , barn , peel paint ... ron be get out as dog bark off ... the ' mongrel run up , surround the taxi as ron wait in he chair . . '' mr . wilson emerge from the house , curious , shooing the dog away . he 's in he late 50 's , a poor farmer , sun - crease frame , deep rural accent .. mr . wilson do not worry , they will not bite ... come on now , get away now , get yourselves away ... they probably jes afraid of that chair there ... mrs . wilson peek through the screen door , hole in it , fly ... a suspicious frown . | ron and mr . wilson - the dog have cease bark , sniff around .. they be edgy around each other ... ron --- hello Mr. Wilson ... I be ron ... thanks for ... ae mr. wilson any friend of billy 's a friend of ours . ( gruffly ) well , why do not you come on in , my wife fix up some chicken you want some ... ( turn back to the house ) carolyn wilson , he gaunt wife now come out onto the porch -- follow by a younger woman , early 20 , jaimie , a tragic look on she face . with she be a boy about three , a dumb look on he face ... ron see they from he approach Pov in the dust ... 128. ' int . wilson 's house - day ( 1970 ) : 101 carolyn serve coffee in the small live room to ron who be glance through a photo album on he lap - flipping the page politely ... yet in total agony , the parent feel it , wonder , fear what be go to happen . . . ron thank you ... mr . wilson yes sir , it be some funeral . Marine honor Guard come all the way down from Atlanta in they fancy uniform , fire they rifle up into the sky , the drum be beat ... sitting on the couch , bound the little Boy , 3 , in he lap .. jaimie in she chair , docile ... memento from World War two on the mantle next to a picture of billy . mr . wilson ' course it be nothing like the Big War hundred year ago down here but there be .. billy ... and Bruce ~ Bruce crabtree ... and Andy Henderson . mrs . wilson and the rutledge boy ... lance . mr. wilson yeah :.. lance , nice boy . ron look over at jaimie . jaimie look at he . mr . wilson for the life of I , I still can not quite figger that - war out ... why we have to go all that dange way to fight it ... why 's we have to lose all that young man . i.ca not figger that out - but ... we get a proud tradition in this town . billy 's great grandfather , he be at first bull run , and my pa be over in France in 16 . . mrs . wilson = and do not you forget now you be over in the Pacific in 44 . guadalcanal ... ron | ~ be that right ? mr. wilson yeah ... well we probably fight in every war this country 's ever have fondle the boy on he . lap , stoic . ( continued ) 129 . continued : - 101 mr . wilson ~ a I reckon we be ready to do it again if we have to ... a look of pain on the mother 's face ... ron about to speak - check it . his eye fall on the photo album across he knee . a photo of billy - in full combat gear , grenade , rifle , bandoleer - chest puffed out , a big grin , especially stage for he wife and parent back home ... on ron - grief ... a lot of grief all of a sudden . mrs . wilson course they never quite know how it happen and all . there be this letter from he * Colonel , I think it be ... ron Colonel Moore ... mr. wilson that 's right , Colonel Moore . and it say there be this real bad ambush one night . told we billy " distinguished " himself in the fight . told we billy die real quick . that 's good ... he die real quick . a pause . everybody look around the room now , bound look off each other ... ' ron I be ... he squad leader . I do not know billy real well . he be new , kinda quiet .. we do not talk much to the new guy ... he be about 19 be not he ? _ mr. wilson that 's right . 19 . pause . ron yeah I think he tell I he be marry and you be pregnant ... jaimie say nothing but eye . ron ++ I be there the day he be kill ... it be a strange day . we go out ona patrol near a beach area . it be very confusing ... there be a lot of scream and fire and it be get dark ... and ...° and there be this child ... this baby ... that we kill ... by mistake . we shot up a whole bunch of villager ... ( continued ; | . : 130 . 101 continued : 2 there face . sense what 's come ... the mother shaking she head ... mrs . wilson how awful ... ron ( struggle now ) +.. then it get ral dark and we have to pull back ... and we ... and we get all scattered up and down , in the dune ... in the dune we get scattered ... we be feel real awful about the baby ... people be make no sense , they be yell anything , fire at | anything ... it be ... it be a nightmare .. and ... that 's when you son be kill ... ( pause ) +.- that be when it happen . he be the last one to come back over the dune and .. this be very difficult for I to say ... but I no ... ( pause ) I think I may have kill you son that night . I think I be the one ... he be come at I . and I be scared . I be confuse . and I raise my rifle three time ... the shot ... and the body fall in the dune ... the sound of the battle lightly etched in over the speaker . haunting he ... . the face of jaimie . . move to . mr. and mrs . wilson ... mute as if they know ... or really what difference do it ultimately make who kill they son . they pity , they terror be not for themselves or they boy , dead long ago ... but for ron who 's in agony , cry -. now ... ron --. I be sorry . I just have to . come here to . tell you . I have be afraid for year to come here ... but ... I have live with this long enough . I can not live with it anymore ... I can not bring he back . forgive I ... I want to live . I want to go on with my life . I be sorry but that 's what happen . that 's the t way happen ... and I can not change a thing ... : it sit there in the air ... the eye of jaimie say it all ... mrs. wilson we sure understand , ron , we sure understand the pain you have be go through . . vos ; - ( continued ) jn . . . 101 103 131 . continued : 3 101 mr . wilson -.+- we understand , son , we do understand the way ... this thing happen ... in war ... ( pause ) we mrs . wilson +..can I get you some more coffee ron ? silence . both older people be very shake , maintain a calm surface . the eye of jaimie concede nothing . ron know -- the forgiveness can only be give by himself . ron i_gotta go now ... I know you want to be alone ... I be sorry ... as he go ... jaimie ( at the door ) ++- what 's do be do , sir . I can not ever forgive you . but maybe the Lord can ... he look back . her eye . haunting , forever - accountable eye . he go . ext . wilson house 102 long overhead angle -- as ron exit the house and roll down the step ... the dog bark again ... the music drift up of light pipe and drum chord set soft to " when johnnie come march Home again -- hurrah hurrah ... " carry into the next scene ... ext .. miami convention CENTER ~ night ( 1972 ) 103 music - boot on pavement ... moving up to : a piper and a drummer and another young man carry a U.S. flag with the star and stripe sewn upside down on the Cloth - all of they in Vietnam veteran fatigue , utility , boot , medal , the grummer wear a symbolically bloody bandage across he orehead ... followed by a ragtime army of young people whistling in haunt rhythm to " when johnny come march Home again " down a large miami avenue fringe by palm tree ~ many of they woman , many of they vet with bush hat , medal , long hair , beard , mustaches , tough eye , road tired ... they car drape with slogan and vc or vvaw flag ... subtitle read : one year later - the republican national convention - miami , florida - month , 1972 . ( continued ) 104 132 . continued : 103 the wounded now appear - blind vet , amputate vet , proudly escort , parting now onto ron and two other paras abreast of he in chair push by fellow vets . ron now have a full mustache and be unshaven , he hair longer than ever ... a banner above they head : stop the war - vietnam veteran against the war -- " hurray ! hurrah ! " up from the song ... as spectator watch from the sidewalk or porch ... angry men .. cheering men ... old jewish lady on they verandas ... mostly neutral , curious look ... secret service car trail ... suit , earplug , walkie talky . cop in full riot gear filing out of a truck on a quiet street . static of a walkie talkie ... " proceed to 5th and cyprus...cordon off...contain ...separate ... the hippie ... marijuana bust ... traffic violation ... " ... sound of the whistling marcher in the distance . int . miami convention CENTER - night ( 1972 ) 104 into a ocean of thunder SOUND ... ron and the two other paras be in the hall , wheeling they way closer to the stage ... with they be a FOURTH man , a redhead guy with a beard , floppy bush hat , jungle fatigue who be push ron at the parade . he 's inside now , and help push ron and the two other . opapar in he young republicans yell " four more year . four more .. sit 2++past men and women in summer suit with happy Republican pink face look with some concern and possibly apprehension at this three scruffy Vietnam vet roll into they midst ... a news camera filming they . ron angle into the camera , play the crowd look for people to listen . ron do you hear I ? can I break through you complacency ? can I have a inch ... a moment of you compassion for the human being who be suffer in this war ... do you hear I when I say this war be a crime ... when I say I be not as bitter about my wound as the man who have lie to the people of this country ... do you hear I ? but they hear nothing . deaf , blind , dumb , roaring for they leader as he now appear ... the sound wave roll up the hall ... clip - nixon now come to the podium . a huge smile . a pause before he streches out he arm in he famous victory pose . the roar pound over ron and three comrade continue to wheel closer . ( continued ) fa , 105 106 107 133 . continued : : 104 like assassin , deep in enemy territory ; they Pov -- the hall loom like a jungle far away . the tension in ron - clip - nixon . nixon Mr. Chairman , delegate to this convention , my fellow Americans ... intercut ron speak at the same time to a news camera . 105 ron why do they want to hide US ? why will not they let the veteran of that war speak tonight ? because they do not wanna know , they do not wanna see we , they wanna hide we because they have lie and cheat to we for so : long -~ but we be not gonna run away and hide . anymore , we be go to win because we love this country . we love this country more than they could ever know . we fight for it , we give we body because we love it and believe in everything it stand for and tonight we be ashamed of it , and we have come from all the little town , thousand of we to get this country back again , to make it Whole again . Truth , honesty , integrity - this be the lose american dream here tonight , and we be gonna take it back ! intercut clip - nixon 106 talk about Vietnam . the completely counter argument about ideal , patriotism , ideology - the basis of the cold War . cognent , goherent , something we have all hear before -- and totally false to its core . : intercut ron -- to the camera . he have become a professional 107 { orator now , he voice and eye and overall intensity the same ron but older now , polished , a political leader . ron we be never never gonna let the people of the United States forget that war , because the moment we do , there 's gonna be wi n anotl , that 's why we be gonna be there for the rest of we . life tell you that the war happen , it just be not some nightmare , it happen and you be not gonna sweep it under the rug because you do not like the rating like some television show ... this wheelchair ... this steel be you Memorial day on wheel , you yankee doodle ... ( continued ) 134 . '' 107 continued : 107 C . '' ah a big fat guy with a " four more year " button run up and shout in ron 's face . fat republican traitor !... : he spit in he face . a commotion start . the redheaded veteran push the fat republican . the two other paras join in ... ron be that what we get ! spit in the face ! I have get as much right to be here as any of this delegate ! I fought for that right . you 're not go to stop I ! you 're not gonna to shut I up ! I ’m gonna remind you of this war for the rest of my life so what happened there never happens again ... the secret service agent now make they move to shut the commotion down ... a group of they rush down , throw up they arm , surround the wheelchair , try to block the tv coverage on ron . : paraplegics stop the bombing stop the war stop the bombing stop the war another angle -- ron yanking he chair around . lock he brake and link arm with he two comrade , all of they yell . paraplegics stop the bombing stop the war ! clip - nixon continue he argument . nothing can be hear of the paras at this distance nor do nixon show any expression except he smile as : 108 intercut - the paras and the secret service 108 the war in - the pit be on . the angry or surprised republicans look on as the agent struggle with the paras pull at they handle but the chair be brake and will not give . they heave with all they strength , then start jerk they backwards , bounce they chair .... . agent 1 get 's im outta here ! now ! ' agent 2 where be the fuck brake on this thing ! come on , let 's go ... 's agent 1 : shove the camera away ) get ' im outta here , get 's im outta here ! ( continue , 110 | 135 . ef yee continued : 108 '' a paraplegics stop the bombing stop the war ! they 're shoot women and child ! 109 . int . miami . convention tv booth - night 109 t.v.. monitor - ron and he two comrade be lift in they chair by a bevy of agent who hustle they down the aisle . newsman ( over ) + , - disabled veteran protest the war in Vietnam . we be gonna try to get a mic down there and ... int . miami convention CENTER - night 110 ron in the midst of four agent , yell . ron x..d this how they treat they wounded veteran ! what be you do ! what kinda country be this ! what kinda country be this ! t.v.. man and soundman follow , block by the agent . past people in the crowd hold they thumb down like it be a gladiator match , motion he out with they arm - get he outta ere ! crowd throw he out . throw the bum out .. traitors . .. communist ! ron why do not you people listen to I ! why be the man who have fight for this country bein gass and beaten in the street outside this hall ! why will not you listen to they - why ! a beautiful young woman in a summer dress look at ron with a pathetic patronize sneer ... agent 2 block ron 's face with a souvenir book as he try to speak to the tv crew ... the redheaded veteran be motion to the agent , lead the way out of the Hall ... ron I have get as much right to be here as any of this delegate . I fought for that right !!! ron take out of the hall -- as nixon keep on go over . 136 . ext . miami convention CENTER - night 111 ron and he two comrade be wheeled out past the gate in the outter fence . confusion in the street all around . ron separate from the two other paras who be put under arrest . agent 2 get the car , get the car ! . ron what 's go on , what be you do ! you have no ... suddenly the redheaded vietnam veteran be lean over he , from behind , grab for he hand try to handcuff he in a angry voice . ; redhead shut the fuck up . you 're under arrest kovic ! ron do not quite understand , resisting ... ron what ? agent 2 ( help to handcuff ) come on you bastard . you be go to jail . ron I ’m a vietnam veteran . .i have a right to speak out . I give three - quarter of my body in vietnam ... redhead you shoulda died over there you fucking traitor ... get in there . f{handcuf fing , to agent 2 ) I have like to take this creep and throw he off the roof ... ron ( urgent ) I don ’t have any balance ! squirm to avoid the cuff , anger the agent , ron be flopping from side to side in the chair without balance . agent 2 shut the fuck up ! ron I don ’t have any stomach muscle , don 's T you understand ? I don ’t have any balance , I ’m paralyzed ! agent 2 get he the fuck outta here ! ( continued ) — — eeeeeeeeeee = ot 137 . y{ \t12 continued : : a 1 . cl ) oe redhead shut up you sonufabitch ! as he tip the chair and ron crash to the pavement , flail . . redhead get you fucking hand behind you ! ron , he leg twisted awkwardly beneath he , thrashing , try to fight back as the red head , in he Vietnam uniform , pin he to the pavement like a steer yanking he arm hard up he back and cuffing he like he be a normal adversary ... ron don ’t you understand ! I can ’t wear cuff ! I can ' t! the redhead tear the medal from ron 's chest . redhead shut up you sonufabitch agent 2 get he the fuck outta here . cameras ! : ' intercut to : vets run , escape the candlelit gas fume ... vets cough , gaging , it look like war , vet 1 : kovic 's getting beaten ! in front of the hall ! let 's go! other vets repeat it ...runn ... intercut to : the redhead haul ron up now , arm clamp in cuff like a dead sack of grain , and throw he back into he chair ... redhead stay put ! nervously now look around , some guilt in he expression after he catharsis , the other two agent yell ... agent 1 get he outta here . cameras ... get he outta here ... a camera crew run up ... the redhead drag ron in the chair to ... the secret service sedan roll up , red light revolve on its hood . ( continued ) 138 . | | ef js continued : 2 aii | i : redhead get in there , you fuck traitor . hauling he out of the chair and try to stuff he in the back seat ... ron yell with pain and frustration ... as we hear another loud yell and ... half a dozen vets converge on the redhead and agent 2 -- surging ever they - separate they ... beat they ... pull ron away ... vet 2 ron ! ron ! you okay ? _ ron get I my chair ! get I my chair . a big black vet throw ron over he shoulder and run out of there , reminiscent of a similar image on a battlefield long ago , and another vet grab he chair ... + more secret service agent and police have join the fray -- now clubbing and beat down the vets who fight back as best they can ... intercut to : the black vet slinging ron to @ safety area ... vet 3 : you okay man ? ron , through the blood on he puffed lip : ron I be okay . I be okay ... where 's the camera ? get the camera over here . we gotta get this on tv . they gotta see this ! a camera crew run up in the near distance ... a the vets circle ron who become a focus of leadership . | vet 4 ( run up ) . Eddie 's be arrest . they beat Peterson . mcclosky ...he 's gase real bad . cavastani 's get a concussion . it 's a mess over there by the front of the ' convention . they be attack we people . vet 5 ( join they ) we gotta help ‘em ! they get twenty of we people trap on the side of the hall . we gotta stop ’em . they be trap ! ( continued ) cot Le 139 . lil continued : 3 ron okay , okay , let 's go ... as he wheel out in the lead , bypass other vets , direct they energy , motion in he direction . ron let 's go ... let 's go ... one more time . the vets fall in behind he . a phalanx of cop form now to prevent they from move around the Hall , stick at the ready , gas fume drift away in the night . . more vets fall in abreast and behind ron -- more and more . carry they brother limping , gas mask hang from they neck . camera move backwards with they as the camera crew film ron wheeling , himself in the apex of the army of young men and women ... blood all over he ... the cop move forward as one ... face unseen in they riot helmet . bullhorn you be order to disperse . you be in unlawful assembly . you have thirty second to disperse . ron and the vets - move forward against they , the rank fill in now ... a silence of determination . ron spread it out ! spread it out ! the cop moving - a overwhelming armed force . hitting they club against they leather glove . . | the line of vets - moving ron at the center out front , he eye fix on the enemy , ready to die . another para roll up out of nowhere alongside , angry and ready for the fight ! para let 's go brother . ron ( acknowledge he ) we gonna win this thing brother . keep go , keep go . we get ’em , we get ‘em . the t.v. crew filming from the side as ron and he comrade swi past we and on into the breach . ( continued ) cae af 112 140 . continued : 4 111 the cop surge , the club about to come down ... freezeframe to : int . democratic national convention - madison square garden - 1976 ( clip ) the subtitle read : " four year later - the democratic national convention - madison square garden , new york CITY , JULY 15 , 1976 " from a very wide shot of the Convention , where ron be introduce by the loudspeaker , we cut to a extreme close up of ron as he start he address , pull out to reveal he face ... the podium . . the flag ... as he speak ... . ron I be the live death . you be Memorial Day on wheel . I be you yankee doodle dandy . you John Wayne come home . you fourth of July firecracker explode in the grave ... twelve year ago when I be 18 year old , I leave massapequa , Long Island and join the . United States Marines ... I want to serve my country ... I want to be a good american ... I could not wait to fight my first war , and I go with the other like we father before we with hope in we heart and dream of great victory ... blend into the music theme now ... of tragedy overcome . of life renew ... . the music be joyous as we can cut to a series of shot of the Veteran march down Manhattan street in they 1984 welcome Home parade -- and the real ron kovic as he be now in 1988 -- still fight for " Truth , justice , and the american Way " . the . end