bound written by Larry &amp ; Andy wachowski fade in : Inside a closet . it be a large closet with double door , a crisp line of light cut down through the center of the darkness . as we begin to descend , voice echo in we head . violet ( v.o. ) I have this image of you , inside of I , like a part of I . we move past a shelf fill with hatboxes and handbags . it be a woman 's closet . corky ( v.o. ) you plan this whole thing , do not you ? caesar ( v.o. ) where 's the fuck money ? we glide over the tightly pack hanger , close enough to feel the different fabric and descend past the dress to the rack of high heel . violet ( v.o. ) we make we own choice , we pay we own price . caesar ( v.o. ) all part of the business . violet ( v.o. ) all part of the business . corky ( v.o. ) what choice ? we slide along the delicate taper of a stiletto heel and reach the bottom of the closet , where we find a pair of black Dr. marten boot that be tie together with a white rope . violet ( v.o. ) I want out . we move up the boot and we see it be a woman who be bound , lie motionless on the floor of the closet , the rope coiling tightly around she wrist . the crack at the bottom of the door light she face . she be gag and unconscious , a trickle of blood run down she forehead . her name be corky . violet ( v.o. ) like a part of I . CUT to : int . elevator - day lean against the back of the elevator be corky , a very butch -look woman with short hair and a black leather jacket . she be a lesbian and want people to know it . as the door begin to slide shut , a woman yell . woman wait ! hold the elevator . corky push the " open " button . a couple step into the elevator . his name be caesar , a middle - age italian , wear a expensive suit and sunglass . she be violet ; a piece of sexual candy that would melt in you mouth . she hear it again , a guttural sound . corky thanks again for this opportunity , Mr. bianchinni . Goodbye . she hang up the phone and walk toward the wall . as she get closer , we hear a bed rock , tapping against the wall . the man 's breathe grow more and more labor until finally it swell -- dissolving into : int . bathroom - morning the whining motor of a high - power drain -rod . the spiral cable whip wildly , spiraling deeper into the tub drain , black goo splattering everywhere . the machine be so loud corky almost can not hear someone pound on the apartment door . killing the motor , she stand and go to the door . behind the door be violet , wear jeans , a white T-shirt and cowboy boot . violet hi . my name be violet . we sort of meet in the elevator -- corky yeah , sure . I be corky . violet I hear you work in here and I just wonder if you would like a cup of coffee ? she be hold two cup of coffee : one black , one with cream . corky sure . come on in . give I a minute . violet step inside as corky go back to the bathroom to wash off the drain dreck . violet what happen to rajeev ? corky call from the bathroom , scrubbing she hand vigorously . corky who ? violet rajeev , the man who usually work on the building . corky oh , he go home to India , but as far as I know he will be back . she wipe she hand on she overall , return to the main room . violet so this be temporary for you ? corky pretty much . one day at a time . violet hand she the cup of black coffee . violet I guess you be straight black . corky good guess . they both sip from the piping hot mug . corky mmmm ... thanks , I need this . violet my pleasure ... but to be honest , I do have a slightly ulterior motive here . I be wonder if I could ask a small favor ? corky a favor ? violet yeah , see , I be kind of a night person , so I be wonder if it be not a terrible inconvenience if you could wait a bit before use power tool . corky oh , I be sorry -- violet no , it be not you fault . the wall here be just so thin . corky be they really ? violet yes , it really cause problem . sometimes it 's like you be in the same room . but if it 's too much trouble , I understand ... corky no , no trouble . there 's other work to do . violet you be do everything yourself ? corky yeah . violet that be so amazing . I be in awe of people who can fix thing . my dad be like that . we never have anything new . whenever something break he would open it up , tinker with it and it would work . his hand be magic . she look at corky 's hand cup around the mug . violet yeah ... I bet you car be twenty year old . corky smile . corky truck . violet truck . of course . corky ' 63 chevy . violet I know it . violet sip violet so , how do you know the owner , Mr. bianchinni ? corky I do not , really . I be refer to he . violet oh , really . corky suddenly feel she have reveal something . corky do you know he ? violet no , but caesar do . he like he . say he 's a good italian . corky caesar be you husband ? violet oh no , no . I be not the marrying kind . smiling , she say nothing else . violet I should be go . you can drop the cup off anytime . corky thanks . violet my pleasure . corky watch she leave . ext . the watering hole - night a dirty bar hide away on a dark street , its crack , moon - white sign the only evidence it exist . corky 's truck swing into a space in front of a couple of large motorcycle . she flip she collar and head for the door . int . the watering hole - night the smell of leather and cigarette smoke fill corky 's nose as she cross to the bar . bartender well , well ... corky sit as the fat bartender waddle over . bartender be awhile , cork . corky five year , two month , sixteen day . how you do , Sue ? corky put a cigarette in she mouth and light it . sue like shit . now that we be all catch up , how about a drink ? Sue open the refrigerator and pull out two Old style . corky thanks . they click the bottle together and drink . sue you get a job yet ? corky yeah . some plumbing , painting and shit . Sue laugh . sue I mean a j-o - B . a real job . corky not for I , Sue . I be straight and narrow . I be just here to get laid or drunk and hopefully both . corky get off the stool . corky thanks for the beer . look around , she see a woman alone at one of the back table . through the smoky din , she bear a slight resemblance to violet . the woman be dress all in black , include a leather jacket . smiling , corky slide into the chair beside she . there be no one smoother . corky hi. woman hello . corky you know ... that outfit would look great on my bedroom floor . the woman smile just as someone tap corky on the shoulder . she turn and be face - to- face with a large bull of a woman in a heavy leather Chicago Police jacket . she be more wide than fat . woman cop hey , jesse . what 's happen here ? corky nothing ... yet . woman cop who 's this ? her coat open as she put she hand on she hip . a service revolver be clipped to she belt . she squint at corky , she head nodd in recognition . woman cop wait , I know you . corky I do not think so . woman cop I do not know you be out . corky smile at the woman in black . corky when you get tired of cagney and lacey , come find I . she head for the exit . ext . CITY STREET - night the neighborhood would be politely describe as " rough . " corky 's truck do not stand out park alone on the litter street . int . corky'' apartment - night it be a hole but it be home . corky be lie on she futon stare up at the ceiling , a beer rest on she stomach ; a folk singer quietly croon from the radio . we see the ceiling , a circle of light hover over the small desk lamp . we move in on the spot , which slowly fill up the screen until there be nothing but the white light . suddenly a wet paint roller load with white paint cut a swath across the ceiling . match CUT to : int . empty apartment - day corky be painting the ceiling . the folk ballad have become a angry riot grrrl anthem . she be work hard , the roller suck back and forth . sweat cover she face . drop the roller down , she reload it in the tray when the phone ring . she stop and answer it . corky hello ? oh , hi , Mr. bianchinni ... yes , everything be go fine . I get the tub drain all clean out . she listen for a moment . corky what apartment ? she glance at the main wall . corky all right , all right , I guess I could take a look . yeah , you be welcome , goodbye . she hang up and look again at the wall , feel ... curious . int . hall - night corky knock and after a moment violet open the door . she seem surprised . violet oh no . shit . I do not know he would call you . God , you must think | I be a total nuisance . corky not exactly . violet I be sorry , I usually would call rajeev , but I do not know what to do so I call Mr. bianchinni . corky he say you lose something . violet yeah , come on in . she step back and corky walk inside . int . caesar' apartment - night violet lead she through the apartment . it be expensively furnish with very masculine taste ; a lot of gray and black leather . violet I be do some dish and just as I pull the stopper my earring fall in . corky look at she blankly . violet it 's one of my favorite . that 's why I get upset . I know it probably seem ridiculous to you . a eyebrow go up . violet I be sorry , look , forget it . I should not have call ... corky I tell bianchinni I would take a look . be it that sink ? violet nod . she open the sink cabinet and pull out a pair of channel lock from she back pocket . the tooth of the channel lock open and bite onto the pressure nut . corky do you have a pot or a bucket ? violet sure . she hand one down to she . corky slide it under the curve pipe . as she work , corky feel herself stare at violet , at the hem of she dress curving tightly around she thigh . Water begin to trickle into the pan . the nut slide loose and corky tip the trap . Water splashes into the pan with a soft metal " tink . " violet do you find it ? corky fish into gray water and pull out the earring . violet scream , a huge smile on she face , half - fall as she try to hug corky . violet I can not believe it ! you do it ! corky lean back under and replace the trap . violet thank you so much . you have to let I pay you something -- corky no. Mr. bianchinni ask I to do it . I do it . corky check the drain by run the water . violet if you will not take money , how about a drink ? it 's get late . you can not work all night . corky eye she for a moment . corky okay , one drink . violet what do you want ? corky a beer ? violet a beer . of course . she smile and turn to the bar . violet sit down . corky sit on the black leather couch and violet return with two bottle of Heineken . corky sneer . violet thanks again . they clink the bottle and swig . violet you seem uncomfortable . do I make you nervous , corky ? corky no . she look at violet , then take another long pull on the bottle . violet thirsty , maybe . violet smile , she eye again talk for she . corky curious , maybe . violet curious ? that 's funny , I be feel a bit curious myself right now . violet notice the tattoo on corky 's arm . violet that 's a great tattoo . she reach over and touch it . violet beautiful labry . corky be a bit suprise that she know what it be . she nod , rub it as if try to hide it . violet be you surprised that I know what it be ? corky maybe . violet I have a tattoo , would you like to see it ? she move closer , slide over the leather cushion as she open the front of she dress . violet a woman in upstate New York do it for I . she be not wear a bra . violet here . do you like it ? set against the soft white skin of she breast be a bright green-stemm violet . violet it take she all day to do it . she promise I it would not hurt , but it be sore for a long time after . I could not even touch it . corky look up from violet 's breast to she dark eye . violet but now I love the way it feel . she run she finger softly over the slightly scar skin . violet here , touch it . corky feel the blood pound in she ear as violet take she hand and place it on she breast . corky what be you do ? violet look at she . violet be not it obvious ? I be try to seduce you . corky why ? violet because I want to . I have want to since I first see you in the elevator . corky watch she , try to figure she out even as she thumb press into violet 's nipple . inhaling sharply , violet close she eye ; she can feel corky stare at she . violet you do not believe I . but I can prove it to you . she take corky 's wrist and begin pull she hand down she body . violet you can not believe I because of what you see ... she force corky 's hand between she leg , up under she dress . violet but you can believe what you feel . violet open she eye , a wanton smile on she lip . violet you see ... I have be think about you all day . corky 's forearm flexe and violet moan . with both hand , violet take hold of corky 's forearm . corky you plan this whole thing ? violet 's head swim ; she be unable to breathe . corky you drop that earring down the drain on purpose , do not you ? violet if I say yes , will you take you hand away ? corky no . violet ... yes . now it be corky who smile . violet shiver , she thigh rub , she hip thrust against corky 's hand . violet please , corky ... please ... her eye barely open . violet ... kiss I . in a single motion , corky take hold of the back of she neck and cover violet 's open mouth with she own . with she hand still stuff between violet 's leg , corky lay she back onto the couch as the kiss become more -- more desperate , more hungry until -- we hear the front door unlock and open . caesar violet ? violet 's eye pop open and she push corky back . caesar violet , you home ? they scramble to compose themselves . violet yeah . in here , c. he come around the corner and in the dim light see the two figure sit close on the couch . caesar what 's this ? he mistake corky for a man . caesar what the fuck be this ? violet stand as caesar barrel toward the couch . violet I do not expect -- caesar what the fuck be go on ? corky stand and turn , caesar suddenly realize that she be a woman . caesar oh , shit ... violet caesar , this be corky . corky , caesar . caesar I be sorry , Christ , I think ... it 's fuck dark in here . he reach to the wall for the light . violet she be work for bianchinni . caesar extend he hand . caesar oh , right , right . Don mention that to I . hi , welcome to the family . corky shake he hand . caesar you be help rajeev ? corky no. rajeev 's in India . violet she 's do the work herself . caesar no shit . bianchinni hire you ? you know he 's a good friend of mine . | family , really . corky that 's what violet say . he look at she as if he know something . caesar so , you just get out ? violet Jesus , caesar ! caesar what ? it be not no big fuckin ' deal . I know who Don hire . do you know he do time himself ? corky shake she head . caesar thirteen fuck year . see , there be not no secret here . corky do not like this man . caesar how many would you do ? corky five . he whistle . caesar not bad . what for ? violet that 's none of you goddamn business , caesar . caesar you be right . you do not have to tell I , if you do not want to . I just hope you understand you be among good people here . he reach into he pocket and pull out a thick fold of money and peel several hundred . corky stare at it . caesar come on , come on . if you understand what I be talk about you be go to take the money . if you do not , I be go to have to worry about you . corky take it . caesar smile . caesar good . I hate to worry . I get ulcer . corky I should be go . caesar what ? how about a drink ? corky my brushes , I have to clean my brushes . thanks , though . caesar another time . corky sure . int . empty apartment - night Close on the paintbrush , corky 's finger push through and separate the black bristle under the run water . when the brush be clean , she flick it dry and reset the edge . she go to the sink to wash she hand when she stop , notice she leave hand . it be the hand that be between violet 's leg . she be about to smell she finger when she see herself in the mirror . corky what be you do ? she drop she hand . corky what be I do ? I be fuck up , that 's what I be do . she scrub she hand clean . ext . parking lot - night it be late , the area burnish with amber street light . corky walk from the building to she truck . she climb inside and slide the key into the ignition , when suddenly the passenger door open and -- violet get in . stun , corky stare at she . violet I have to see you . corky look , I do not think this be a good idea . violet I want to apologize . corky do not apologize , please . I can not stand woman who apologize for want sex . violet smile . violet I be not apologize for what I do -- she slide across the seat . violet I be apologize for what I do not do . she kiss corky , and if corky be try to resist , we can not tell . the windshield be beginning to steam when violet , panting , break the kiss . violet do you have a bed somewhere ? unable to speak , corky reach over and start the engine . int . corky'' apartment - night the sex . there be nothing flower - scent or out - of - focus about it . it be sweaty , slippery , body - grind , bed -squeake lesbian sex -- pungent and potent -- and when it be over , neither woman can move . finally , corky 's eye flutter open . corky I can see again . violet smile . slowly , corky get up and go to the fridge . she grab a beer and press it to she sweat forebead . after a moment , she lower it , gently press the cold can elsewhere . eye close , she let out a long " ahh . " violet hear the sizzle - pop of the beer as corky return to the bed . she hold the beer to violet 's lip and tilt the can , watch violet 's throat as she drink . violet 's eye open . violet ... I need that . corky tell I about it . corky hand she the beer as violet sit up a bit . corky caesar 's mafia , be not he ? violet you have to ask ? corky no . violet funny , nobody call it that anymore . caesar call it " the |business . " corky how do you meet he ? violet they take over a club I be work at . caesar start manage it . corky he 's a launderer ? violet basically . corky how long have you be with he ? violet almost five year . corky five year be a long time . violet yes , it be . corky stare at she beer . she know what violet be think . corky the redistribution of wealth . violet what ? corky be not that what you want to know ? what I do time for ? violet the redistribution of wealth ? corky that 's what I tell someone when I be try to get they in my bed . violet I be already in you bed . corky my cellmate would say she do she time for get catch . she be always more honest than I . corky sip she beer . corky I start steal when I be little . we be piss -poor , which be not a excuse , just a fact . it be not like she to talk about this , especially with someone she just meet . corky the first time I remember so vividly . a bunch of we kid be at Waxman 's drugstore , when Mr. Waxman , who be a mean old prick , always worry about we robbing he , drop a roll of quarter . we can almost hear the coin tinkling on the tile floor . corky I can still hear that sound , that quarter , because right then something click inside of I . some instinct take over and as everyone , include Waxman , dove down , I reach up and emptied the cash register . violet smile . she like this woman . corky I give most of the money to my mom . I tell she I find it at the trainyard . she be so happy she cry , call I she lucky charm . Fifteen year later , I guess my luck run out . sbe swallow that with beer . corky sometimes I tell myself that I do not have a choice , that steal be survive . usually I can admit that 's bullshit . I do it because it be a way out . it be easy and I be good at it , real good . she glance at violet . corky I do not usually talk this much . I guess I have be rehabilitated . violet laugh . violet you do not have to tell I if you do not want to . corky I guess I want to . violet I be glad you do . corky so be I . ext . parking lot day corky get out of she truck carry she tool . grinning like someone who have be well - laid , she whistle off to work . ext . lobby - day between the main door she see a man . his name be shelly and he be a overdress accountant . he be very nervous , talk to someone through the intercom . shelly I know he 's go . please . I have to talk to you . fiddle with she key , corky recognize the voice that answer he . violet ( v.o. ) what do you want , shelly ? shelly glance over he shoulder at corky , answer in a hushed voice . shelly I have to leave . tonight . for a moment the intercom be silent . then the door buzze and shelly push inside . corky follow he to the elevator . int . elevator - day corky glare at shelly and begin pump the trigger of she circular see . shelly hide behind he sunglass , watch the elevator number go up . the door open and he scurries out . int . hall - day she watch he enter caesar 's apartment , she smile now completely go . int . empty apartment - day it be later . through the wall we listen to the same sound as before of two people make love . we drop down and find corky 's brush , still wet with paint , abandon in she tray . int . bedroom - day her face glisten with sweat , violet climax , let the orgasm spread through she like melting butter . violet I have this image of you , inside of I ... she flatten she palm against the soft cradle of she pelvis . violet like a part of I ... as she open she eye , we see that she lover be corky . violet watch as she get off the bed and begin to get dress . violet you be so beautiful . corky do not answer as she yank she pants on . violet sit up . she can feel that something be wrong . violet what 's wrong ? corky nothing . violet pull the sheet around she . violet yes there be . I feel it this morning when I bring you the coffee . corky shit , here we go . violet you do not want to see I , do you ? corky if there be one thing I can not stand about sleep with woman , it 's all the fuck mind read . violet what be you afraid of ? corky I be not afraid of anything . violet I do not understand - ? corky I know ! you can not understand , because we be different , violet . we be different . violet we be not that different , corky . corky how can you sit in that bed and say that ? violet because it 's the truth . corky let I guess . this be where you tell I that what matter be on the inside . that inside you , there be a little dyke just like I ? violet oh no , she 's nothing like you . she 's a lot smarter than you . corky be that what she daddy tell she ? violet I know what I be . I do not need to have it tattooe on my shoulder . corky what be you say ? that you do not have sex with man ? violet I do not . corky for Christ 's sake , violet ! I hear you ! thin wall , remember ? violet what you hear be not sex . corky what the fuck be it ? violet all my life , everyone have be tell I that when I have sex , I be not really have sex . not real sex . but they be wrong . I know what be and be not sex and what you hear be definitely not sex . corky what be it then ? violet work . that knock corky back . violet you make certain choice in you life that you pay for . you say you make they because you be good at something and it be easy . do you think you be the only one that 's good at something ? violet stare pin corky to the wall . violet we make we own choice and we pay we own price . I think we be more alike than you want to admit . corky what about that guy this morning ? violet you mean shelly ? corky do not tell I , you be a workaholic . violet no . shelly know what I be . he see I in a bar with another woman . corky I suppose he just want to watch . that 's all violet can take . violet fuck it ! I think you better leave . corky I think so , too . violet turn away . violet try not to steal anything on the way out . that sting but corky walk out without look back . int . empty apartment - night it be dark now . corky be stand above the paint tray that have skinned over . she pick up the brush . it be dry with paint . corky shit . she throw the brush across the room . ext . caesar' apartment build - day a green-and - white street sign jut in the foreground of caesar 's upscale apartment building . the sign read : " franklin STREET . " ext . parking lot - day the rusty chevy glide to a stop in a parking space near the service entrance . in its payload be a box bathroom vanity and sink . corky climb out of the cab and into the back , unhook the bungee cord that hold down the box . she look up as a black lincoln town car screech into a spot not far from she truck . three serious - looking men get out , lead a fourth , shelly . he be the only one who seem to notice corky . they enter the building , the door close behind they . int . bathroom - day corky 's leg jut out from the old wicker vanity as she finish detach its anchor and pipe work . she stand , give it a yank and pull it away from the wall , when voice begin to filter in from the next - door apartment . she listen - a rise string of warbling sob drown out by a angry voice . angry voice shut the fuck up ! you piece of shit ! we hear a scream . angry voice you be go to tell we ! you be go to fuckin ' tell we ! just a matter of fuckin ' time ! each sentence be punctuate with grunt and thud . angry voice where be it ? where the fuck be it ?! we begin to close in on corky as she listen to each thud , watch something that disturb she . angry voice you shit ! you piece of shit ! with each thud the water in the toilet shimmer like a strike cymbal . as we move closer , the sound swell until -- match CUT to : int . caesar' bathroom day where blood splatter the toilet , heavy drop hit the water and spread like invert mushroom cloud . angry voice do that hurt ? News flash , fucko : I be just get start . the angry voice belong to johnnie marzzone . shelly be kneel in front of the toilet , hand tie behind he back with electrical wire . johnnie marzzone be a flashy young man in armani slack , silk shirt and silver - tip cowboy boot . his tie be tuck in , as if torture be a fine-dine experience . caesar and two other man be cramme in the small bathroom . johnnie you get nerve try to fuck we ! nobody fuck I ! nobody fuck my father ! nobody ! nobody ! shelly scream as jobnnie repeatedly ram he face into the toilet . caesar whoa , whoa . come on , he 's make too much noise . johnnie you hear that , bitch ? be quiet ! caesar here , put this in he mouth . caesar hand a towel to johnnie , who stuff it into shelly 's mouth . int . caesar' apartment - day like corky , violet can hear the beat . she be try to block it out but cannot . stand at the bar , she run the blender , grind ice cube , try to drow out the sound of the bathroom . the bathroom door open . johnnie prick ! I can go all night ! all night ! caesar step out , shutting the door , mask the sound behind he . violet move toward he . violet caesar , I be leave . caesar what ? oh , come on , I do not use one of the good towel . the door open again as someone else step out . violet caesar , I be serious . this be too much . I have to get out of here . caesar why ? ' Cause you know he ? she nod . caesar you woman be so fuck sensitive . he take hold of she . caesar but I do not want you to go . I like you here . you know this be not easy for I , either . he embrace she . over he shoulder she see mickey malnano in the hallway , stare at she . he be a older man , hair gray , build like a fireplug . sinewy mass strain at he brook Brothers suit . caesar now why do not you go watch some tv or something ? mickey be you okay , violet ? caesar mickey , why be johnnie here ? you know how I feel about that fuck psycho . mickey continue to stare at violet , who look up at he with she big doe eye . mickey caesar , do not I tell you to get something ? caesar sure , mickey . sure . he go to the kitchen . mickey move closer to violet , lift she chin the way a father would do to he little girl . mickey you should not have to see this . why do not you get out of here ? go for a walk . violet caesar want I to stay . mickey do not worry about caesar . I will handle caesar . you just get out of here , okay ? she smile . violet thanks , mickey . caesar return from the kitchen . he be hold a pair of tin snip . mickey take they . mickey thanks , c. now let 's end this thing . violet watch they return to the bathroom . int . bathroom - day mickey take off he coat and hand it to a large man name lou . he slap johnnie on the back . mickey hey , johnnie , ease up , okay . johnnie hit shelly once more . johnnie prick . johnnie check he hair in the mirror , carefully . then he begin put on the ring he have remove for the beat . mickey kneel down next to shelly 's ear and motion to Lou , who lift shelly 's bound arm . mickey shelly , I be go to ask you ten time . you understand ? ten time . mickey grab shelly 's pinky finger , put it between the metal blade . mickey one . where be we money ? shelly whimper , red-face and sobbing . there be a sick crunch and shelly howl into he gag as he pinky finger bounce to the floor amid the expensive leather footwear . caesar aw ... Christ . we hear caesar retrieve a tissue and he hand enter the frame , scoop up the pinky . he plunk the severe finger into the toilet and it sink to the bottom . caesar drop the toilet seat down and flush . int . bathroom - empty apartment - day corky can not stand it anymore . she throw she tool down , leave the bathroom and find -- violet wait in the main room . both woman stand apart in silence . violet seem on the verge of say something but do not know how to start . her lip begin to quiver ; she eye search the room , return to corky each time . the violence in the next room can still be hear . corky violet ? be you all right ? almost unnoticeably , violet shake she bead . corky put she arm around she . corky come on . let 's go . int . bar - day it be the kind of bar businessman drink at in the afternoon . Dark wood and padded leather . the bartender , joke with a cluster of man , do not notice corky as she move up to the bar . corky Excuse I . the bartender glance over . corky draft beer and a tnt . corky eye the man , who stare into they drink . the bartender say nothing as he put the drink in front of she . corky head for she table , ignore the whisper and snicker . corky and violet , the only woman in the room , sit close together at a far corner table . violet 's voice be hushed . violet shelly be skim from the business . he come to see I yesterday because he be afraid caesar figure it out . he want to run but he want I to come with he . corky even though he know about you ? violet yes . corky he be in love with you , right ? violet that 's what he tell himself . but it be not even about I , it be about caesar . he want what caesar have . that 's how they be . I understand they . she glance around the room ; a man at the bar smile at she . violet for shelly , take the money be a way to take from caesar . he could have run at any time , but he do not because he do not want out . corky sound like he want to get catch . violet maybe he do . he would brag to I all the time . he be never afraid of caesar because he do not know he . not like I do . two man sit down near they , laugh . violet caesar life for this moment . he tell I it 's just the business , but I know it 's more than that . he like it . the violence . I will catch he in the bathroom mirror touch he scar . he say they remind he who he he . they be all like that . except maybe mickey . corky mickey ? violet he 's the part of the business that the rest of they pretend to be . | but mickey do not like it like they do . I suppose that 's why he 's good at it . violet stare at she glass , at the melting ice . violet I use to be able to block it out . I would tell myself that I be not really there so nothing really matter . but I can not do it anymore . she downs the last of she drink . violet I have be make the same mistake shelly make . but now I know what | I want . she turn to corky . violet I want out . I want a new life . I see what I have be wait for , but I need you , corky . corky for what ? violet you make a choice once . do you think you would make that same choice again ? corky what choice ? violet if that quarter fall to the floor , would you still reach up to that cash register ? corky stare at she , know where this be go . she glance around the crowded bar . corky not here . ext . alley - night corky 's truck sit in a gravel parking lot . int . corky'' truck - day through the back window of the truck , violet and corky be silhouettes against the street light . violet caesar be go to get the money and bring -- corky how much money ? violet shelly say it be over two million dollar . corky quietly swallow that pill . it begin to rain . violet caesar will bring it to the apartment to count and go through | shelly 's book to figure out how he do it . corky wait a minute . wait a minute . do you have any idea what you be say ? you be ask I to help you fuck the mob . violet nod . corky this people be serious , violet . if you want to know how serious , ask shelly . they be worse than any cop because they have lot of money and no rule . you fuck they , you have get to do it right . violet that 's why I need you help . you say you be good . corky I be , but ... she know violet be challenging she . corky all right , let 's say for the moment that I believe everything you be say . violet you think I be lie ? corky I do not say that , but since you do , let 's say that you be . it would have be easy to set shelly up . you could have get he kill know that caesar would bring the money to the apartment . violet stare , she face poker- blank . corky all you would need to keep yourself clean would be someone unconnected , someone like I . violet be that what you think ? corky I be just make a point . you have no idea what you be ask . how much trust two people need to do something like this . she move closer to violet , the sound of the rain beat against the metal cab . corky for I , steal be a lot like sex . two people that want the same thing sit in a room and they talk , they start to plan and it 's like flirt , a kind of foreplay , because the more they talk about it , the wetter they get . she stop . corky the difference be , I can have sex with someone I just meet , someone I hardly know , but to steal I need to know someone like I know myself . violet do you think you know I like that ? corky I think ... they be close enough to kiss . corky we be go to find out . corky pull back . corky but first , I want to see this money . int . caesar' apartment - night violet spring from the couch as the front door crash open , caesar charge in . he be double over , clutching something to he stomach . he rush to the kitchen , dump a bloody bundle into the double sink . there be blood everywhere , smear up and down caesar 's front . violet oh my God ... violet take a step toward he , unsure of what have happen . caesar do not worry . it be not mine . he pull a bottle of whiskey and a glass from the cupboard . violet caesar , what happen ? caesar it be unbelievable ! un-fuck - believable ! he pour himeslf a shot , belting it back . caesar goddammit , look at this shirt ! it 's ruin ! he begin unbuttone the bloody shirt . caesar it start when shelly take we to the money . I tell you , mickey malnato know he shit , he do . shelly take we right there . he throw down another shot . caesar so shelly 's down on he knee and he 's pull out this bag of money from a safe in the floor and I be stare at it like " holy fuck ! " I mean , look at it -- he tear open the bloody bag , wet money brick spilling out . caesar and all I can think be how the fuck do he do this when - bang ! johnnie cap he . blood spray everywhere , all over the money . we have no idea if this be even all of it . caesar be exasperate . caesar and right then I go through the roof and - boom ! I belt the dumb fuck as hard as I can . I do not care whose son he be , I just want to hit he again . knock some sense into that dumb son of a bitch . he look at the pile of bloody money . caesar just look at this mess I get to deal with . violet what be you go to do with it ? caesar I tell they to run it through the cycle . but I guess gino have plan for it because he 's come here tomorrow night to pick this shit up . search through a sink cabinet , he can not find what he need . caesar where the hell 's the laundry detergent ? violet ummm ... in the linen closet . caesar walk down the ball to the bathroom . violet 's eye do not move from the pile of money . corky seem to come from nowhere . she whisper . corky come to my place in the morning . early , okay ? violet nod . int . closet - night corky 's hand twitch , and then flex against the rope that bind they . a reflex echoe through she body , muscle spasm and limb jerk against they bond . as if in a dream , she struggle , try to get free , fight toward the edge of consciousness until -- she seem to succumb , slip back into stillness . we move toward she face , she close eye as we again hear the voice in she head . violet ( v.o. ) you be have second thought . int . corky'' apartment - day violet be on the bed , corky at the window . corky ... no . she turn to violet . corky you say he wash the money ? violet yeah . corky then what ? exactly . violet he hang it up . corky what ? violet to let it dry . she begin to focus on the memory . violet it be unreal ... move in on she face . match CUT to : Benjamin Franklin 's face on a hundred - dollar bill . int . caesar' apartment - night Franklin 's face rotate as we pull back , see row of bill carefully paper- clipped to line of string . violet ( v.o. ) hundred , paper - clipped everywhere like leave . eye fill with green , violet turn inside the laundry line of money until she see caesar . wearing he undershirt , he be across the room stand at the irone board , irone every single bill . he seem to have one eye on she , one eye on he work . violet ( v.o. ) then one by one , he irone all of it . he spray starch across several bill and press the steaming iron to they . corky ( v.o. ) do he sleep ? int . bedroom - night violet be in bed , unable to sleep , listen to the machine - shuffle of caesar 's bill counter . violet ( v.o. ) no . but neither do I . we move past she , float toward the wall . violet ( v.o. ) all night long I listen to that sound . int . office - night we drift across caesar 's desk , past brick of bound bill , as caesar fold the paper tape around another stack . corky ( v.o. ) what sound ? he hit the counter again and we hear the sound , now very loud as hundred blur by , flutter beneath we . violet ( v.o. ) the sound of money . the sound roll into thunder -- int . corky'' apartment - day that seem to shake the apartment . corky and where be it now ? violet in he office . I see it this morning . int . office - day violet cautiously enter the office with a cup of coffee . work furiously at the computer , caesar jump when he see she , bloodshot eye animal - wide . he check he watch as she set the coffee in front of he . violet I need to go to the store . he nod automatically , back in he work , as she see the briefcase fill with perfect row of hundred . violet ( v.o. ) it 's in a case , on he desk . corky ( v.o. ) do the case lock ? we see the open top with its silver flip - over lock . int . corky'' apartment - day violet be try to remember . violet yes . corky good . corky begin to pace , order the information in she head . corky all right , now , tell I about johnnie . violet johnnie ? corky it sound like he and caesar do not like each other . violet like each other ? they hate each other . corky why ? violet it start way before I be around . I think basically it 's because he think johnnie be a complete idiot . but johnnie run Chicago because gino be he father . corky who be gino ? violet suddenly feel that she have make a mistake . violet gino marzzone . corky marzzone ? as in angelo marzzone , head of the marzzone family ? violet that 's he brother . corky ... shit . corky cover she mouth . corky gino marzzone be come tonight to pick up the money ? violet yeah . corky and johnnie be he son , that 's johnnie marzzone ? violet yeah . corky sweet Jesus . eye wide , she pace , pull at she lip , mumble . suddenly she freeze as it click into place . she look at violet . corky it 's perfect . she 's pace again . corky gino marzzone be come to you apartment . it 's a big deal , be not it ? that mean caesar will be ready . he do not want to look like a idiot . gino have be there before ? violet yeah , twice . corky what happen ? violet not much , really . caesar be nervous , keep clean the apartment . | the first time , he pick out the dress he want I to wear . something occur to corky . corky do johnnie hit on you ? violet johnnie hit on anything in high heel . corky have caesar ever see he ? violet he do it right in front of he . corky it 's get better and better . keep go . violet gino do not know English , or at least he pretend he do not , so he do not talk much . he get right to the point . both time they talk for about five minute , have one drink and then they leave . corky what do gino drink ? violet scotch , glenlivet . I remember that caesar make a huge deal about it . corky smile , the wheel roll . corky all right ... she turn from the window and get onto the bed . corky I have a idea to make this work . int . caesar' apartment - day violet be get dress , lining she lip with lip-pencil . corky ( v.o. ) you will go back and get ready , take you time , make it real . as she work on she face , we see the room behind she and the discard dress scattered about . corky ( v.o. ) the more attractive you be , the more believable it will be . int . corky'' apartment - day corky break she think - train . corky what time do you say they would be there ? violet the plane be in at seven , so I would say about eight . corky any bodyguard ? violet gino travel with a big man name Roy . caesar call he the driver . corky Fine . int . office - day caesar again check he watch . corky ( v.o. ) at some point caesar be go to quit . I would guess sometime around six , make sure he 's get time to get ready . the watch read 6:10 . caesar rub he eye , he temple . int . live room - day violet be at the bar in a sexy dress and high heel . caesar un-fuck - believable , what this guy do . shelly be one smart - ass mothefucker , I mean , he be one smart - ass motherfucker . he laugh as violet smile , hand he a enormous drink . corky ( v.o. ) as soon as he be do , you will be right there to put a big drink in he hand . he take the drink . corky ( v.o. ) we want he to come down , to relax , feel in control again . violet poor boy , have to work so hard . she give he a woman 's sympathy pout ; he know what it , love it anyway . smiling , he slide he hand down over she ass . caesar you look good enough to eat . she smile and wait for the kiss she know be come . int . corky'' apartment - day both woman be start to feel it , to believe it . violet where will you be ? corky wait in the apartment next door . int . empty apartment corky sit on the floor of the dark apartment . she have take off she boot , which be beside she . violet ( v.o. ) wait for what ? through the wall we can hear the shower . corky ( v.o. ) for the shower . that will be we signal . corky open a thin box fill with needle - thin lock pick . she select several and slip they into she multi-pierce ear like earring . corky ( v.o. ) when he 's do with he shower , you will go to the bar . int . bathroom - night in slow motion , caesar drop the shower plunger and water choke from the faucet . int . live room - night behind the bar , violet pull out the bottle of glenlivet . corky ( v.o. ) you will get out the scotch that gino drink . violet step out from the bar , she eye on the bedroom , when the bottle slip from she hand . we watch it slowly fall -- corky ( v.o. ) and as you do , the bottle will slip from you hand . -- and shatter against the hardwood floor . corky ( v.o. ) a accident . violet shit ! oh shit ! caesar yell from the bathroom . caesar ( v.o. ) what happen ?! int . empty apartment - night hear caesar , corky get up , move quietly toward the door . caesar ( v.o. ) v! what the fuck be it ?! violet ? int . live room - night caesar enter , a towel wrap around he , hair still drip . caesar V , what ? you can not hear I ? violet look terribly upset as she begin to clean up . violet caesar , it slip ... I be try to get ready ... caesar realize what happen . caesar oh , fuck Christ ... you gotta be kid I ! he rush at she . caesar fuck ! fuck ! how do you ... awwww goddammit ! violet I be sorry . it be a accident . she stand up . violet do not worry , I will get some more . caesar there 's no time . violet do not be silly , caesar . it will take five minute . she turn he back toward the bedroom . violet I will clean this up and be back before you be even dress . int . hall - night violet open she door , step into the hall where corky be wait . corky ( v.o. ) when you open the door , I will be there . they pass each other in silence , violet step out as corky slip in . violet ( v.o. ) what if he see you ? corky ( v.o. ) he will not . int . bathroom - night caesar be work intensely on he fingernails . we glide over a set of gleam metal manicure tool . we see he hand as he delicately apply a coat of clear polish to a nail . through the open door , we see corky move almost casually across the live room . int . corky'' apartment - day corky be look for something . violet you can not know for certain that he will not see you . corky trust I , violet . she find a black duffel bag from one of she tool bucket . violet I be just ask , what if ? corky if he do ... corky slip she hand in between the mattress and box spring , pull out a gun . corky then I will not have a choice , will I ? she toss the gun on the bed . int . office - night the black case be lie on the desk , lock shut . corky move around the desk , drop down behind it . corky ( v.o. ) when I be inside , I will get the money . from she earlobe , she choose the right pick , slide out the silver tool . it take only a second and the first lock pop open . she be work on the other lock when the door be push open and caesar walk in . corky drop down , grasp for she gun -- as caesar , wear only underwear , enter . he blow on the drying polish on he fingernails before delicately select a suit from he closet . the gun ready , corky , press against the desk , wait until he leave . she let she breath out , then pop the second lock , unzip the black duffel bag and quickly empty the case , fill the bag with fat money brick . corky ( v.o. ) I be go to need something ... finish , she zip up the bag and look about . corky ( v.o. ) ... to fill the case . sbe see a stack of newspaper hide near the desk . corky ( v.o. ) yeah , you should hide it near the desk before you leave . she fill the case , then close it . corky ( v.o. ) at that point -- she thumb the lock shut and they snap , unnaturally loud , into place . int . corky'' apartment - day they be both on the bed . corky there be no go back . violet when I get the scotch , how do I know you will not take off ? corky the same way I will know that you go to scotch . trust . they face be close , eye still try to read each other . violet I still do not see how I be go to get clean with the money in the apartment . everyone will think I do it . corky not caesar . violet why ? corky because of what you be go to tell he . you have to make it as real as you can . the moment you open the door with the scotch in you hand , you will be cover , and that moment be the most important moment in the plan . int . caesar' apartment - night the door burst open . violet enter quickly , carry a bottle in a thin brown bag . corky ( v.o. ) if it 's real enough , he will believe it , because deep down he will want to . violet C ! shit , I be sorry ! caesar wander out , tightening he tie . she look at she watch . violet they be early . caesar what be you talk about ? violet they just leave , do not they ? caesar what be you , drunk ? he smile , grab the bottle from she . violet you mean they be not up here ? caesar no ! they be still on they way . violet that do not make any sense . caesar why ? violet because I just see johnnie downstairs . caesar turn . caesar what ? violet I be get out of the car when I see he in the mercede . caesar it could not have be . violet it be he . I be positive . caesar it 's impossible ! violet caesar , I know johnnie . it be he . I scream when I see he . I could not believe I miss they . I know you be go to be upset so I think I would apologize and give gino the scotch . I honk a couple of time but he do not stop . she watch he , she word cave in around he . caesar but gino 's plane do not get in for another half -hour . violet think . violet actually , I do not see gino in the car . his eye dart . his forehead bead with sweat . he turn toward the office . int . corky'' apartment - day violet be stare at corky 's mouth . corky if caesar hate johnnie like you say , then the second he open the case he will know , in he gut , that johnnie just fuck he . he will realize that he have no choice . he can not touch gino or johnnie . there 's only one way out . she pause . corky he will have to run . violet if he run , everyone will assume he take the money . corky you will be clean and we will be rich . int . office - night caesar stand over the desk , afraid to open the case . int . corky'' apartment - day violet Jesus , that 's beautiful . corky thank you . violet if you be this goddamn smart , how do you ever get catch ? corky every job like this have moment where thing do not go so well and everyone start think about they own ass . it 's in that moment that everything come together or fall apart . she look dead at violet . corky I have a partner and she fuck I . violet I will not . corky I think we be go to find out . int . office - night the key turn and the lock pop . when caesar see the newspaper , the whole world begin to spin . violet caesar ? his chest collapse onto itself while he hand ball into fist . caesar no no no no ... she move around the side of the desk and see the newspaper . violet oh God ... he slam the case shut , he head hang down . after a moment he look at she , like a little boy about to cry . caesar ... I have be set up . he seem ready to scream but can not say anything . violet johnnie ? the name be like water hit hot oil . caesar that fuck ! that rat-fuck ! Little shit rat-fuck ! he start punch the desk , each blow harder than the last . int . empty apartment - night corky can hear he pound . she look down and smile . between she leg be the open bag stuff with money . int . caesar' apartment - night caesar be choke on he own rage . violet why ? why would johnnie do this ? caesar Jesus Christ , violet ! open you fuck eye ! johnnie hate I like I hate he ! he start to pound he fist against he own head . caesar I hate that little fuck ! I hate he ! I hate he ! I should have do he ! violet but you know he do it . caesar so what ?! so fuck what ? use you head , violet . the money be go . gino be come here to get it . you think he 's go to believe I if I tell he he piss-hole son steal it ! be that what you think ? I do not . you know what I think ? I think I be a dead man . I be one in the brain . that 's what I think ! violet caesar , what be we go to do ? he grab hold of he chair , use it to support himself caesar I know what he want I to do . he want I out of here . he want I to run . she watch he , he body rock against the chair . caesar if I run , then everyone will think I take the money and he walk away with two million clean . the word squeeze out like tear . caesar God , I can see he right now drive to get gino . I can hear he laugh , fuck laugh , laugh at I . he swing the swivel chair over he head and smashes it down on the desk . again and again . caesar laugh at I ! laugh at I ! the chair fall and he stand alone , cover he face to hide he tear . violet C ... she go to hold he . caesar do not touch I ! he back into the corner of the room . caesar just leave I alone ! I get to think ! violet watch he try to wipe the tear and sweat from he face . caesar get to think this through ... violet caesar , maybe we should run -- caesar violet , please ! violet I mean it , caesar , forget johnnie , forget the money , let 's just go now , before it 's too late -- caesar goddammit , violet ! would you just leave I the fuck alone ! please ! leave ! now ! violet all right , caesar . int . bedroom - night violet enter , close the door quietly behind she . she look at the wall , then go to the bed and pick up the phone . as she dial , we move along the phone cord , follow it down to the jack in the wall . int . empty apartment - night we move out from another jack , follow a different cord . corky be sit with she back to the wall . the black phone beside she barely ring once before she answer . she wait , say nothing . violet ( v.o. ) it 's I . corky what happen ? int . bedroom night violet whisper , she hand cup over the mouthpiece . violet he totally freak . I have never see he like this . he 's out of he fuck mind . corky ( v.o. ) that 's okay , as long as he believe it be johnnie . violet believe it ! Jesus , it 's drive he crazy . he want to kill he . I do not know , corky , I do not know what he be go to do . I be get nervous , really nervous . int . empty apartment - night corky it 's all right , violet . it 's work . all we get to do be wait he out and see what he do . violet ( v.o. ) what if he do not run ? corky that mean he probably will kill johnnie . violet ( v.o. ) oh , Christ , I get to get out of here ! corky listen , if he do not run , all you have to do be break down , go to you bedroom and pack some thing , start cry , say you love he but you can not do it . you be sorry but you have to leave and just walk out . int . bedroom - night violet okay , all right . corky ( v.o. ) we be almost there , violet . just hang on . violet hear he . violet he 's come ... she hang up quickly just as caesar burst in . caesar I get it ! I know what I get to do ! I get to get the money . violet the money ? the money 's go . caesar no. johnnie 's get it . all I get to do be get it back . violet but it could be anywhere . caesar he do not have that much time . he have to pick up gino . I bet you he 's get it with he . I bet it 's in the car . int . empty apartment - night corky press against the wall , try to hear . int . caesar' apartment - night caesar be pace . caesar he do not see you , do he ? violet no . caesar see , right now he do not know that I know , that 's why he put the paper in the case . he want I to hand the case to gino . then there be no doubt it be I . gino will put a bullet in I himself . but it be not go to happen . I will not let it ! johnnie be not go to fuck I ! not like this ! no way ! violet this be insane ! she throw open she closet . caesar what be you do ? she grab a suitcase from under the bed . violet I be leave ! this be crazy ! I do not want to be involved . I do not want anything to do with this shit ! she start yanking the dress from the closet . caesar you can not leave . violet the hell I can not ! caesar I need you ... violet bullshit ! you do not need I ! you have never need I ! I can not help you ! understand ?! I have to get out . caesar violet , I will not let you leave . she turn and see that he be hold a gun . caesar if you be not with I , violet , then I have to assume you be against I . violet caesar , this be crazy . caesar maybe it be , maybe it be not . maybe you drop the scotch by accident . maybe you do not . now it be she turn to feel the world spin . caesar it would have be so easy to let he in as you go out . violet you do not , you can not believe that ... caesar I have see the way he look at you . he 's always want you . maybe two million dollar finally buy you . she slap he hard . he stare at she . caesar I be sorry , violet , but it have to be this way . he move past she , pick up the dress and return they to the closet . caesar I hope you understand . I want to trust you , I want to believe you , but I do not have any other choice . he shut the closet . int . live room - night caesar be at the bar , drink the scotch . the gun in front of he . across the room , violet sit , stare hole through he . they wait in silence . caesar you sure you do not want a drink ? violet say nothing . int . empty apartment - night in the dark , corky sit , she face , she posture very similar to violet 's . she be concentrate , she mind somewhere else , when the door buzzer sound . she turn she head and hear caesar faintly answer the intercom . corky stand just as -- int . caesar' apartment - night violet stand . caesar face she for a moment , then shove the gun into he belt behind he back . int . empty apartment - night corky watch through the door peep as three man pass by . int . caesar' apartment - night there be a knock and caesar open the door . gino marzzone be a old italian whose face be a mask of irritate indifference . roy , he enormous driver , be behind he . caesar smile , greeting they in italian with open arm . johnnie be the last inside . he have tape over he break nose . he smile and hug caesar . johnnie you should not have hit I . caesar you want to get into this now ? johnnie no , no , caesar . not now . he smile again , patting he on the shoulder , then throw a fake punch . caesar see gino with he bright italian smile , flatter violet , kissing she . gino hey , caesar ! you take care of this girl , or I find out ! johnnie you be as radiant as ever , violet . as he bend to kiss she hand , she see caesar watch they . caesar glenlivet , right , gino ? johnnie I will have whatever violet 's drink . violet I be not drink . johnnie then neither will I . this make violet very uncomfortable . violet no , I will have a tanqueray and tonic . johnnie caesar , make that two tnt . caesar 's hand shake as he pour gino 's scotch . int . empty apartment - night pace in she sock , corky try to think through several possible situation . she stop , stare at the bag of money . the idea of its sit out in the open suddenly bother she . int . caesar' apartment - night caesar hand violet and johnnie a drink . he stare at she . she stare back . johnnie salud , eh. Roy , violet , pop , caesar . caesar watch johnnie , suspect everything he do . johnnie reach into he pocket and take out a cellular phone . gino no , johnnie . no goddamn phone . not now . johnnie pop ? gino caesar , come here . sit . we talk now . you too , johnnie . each man sit on either side of gino . gino caesar , look at I . johnnie tell I what happen . caesar , you gotta do I a favor , a personal favor . for I , eh ? you gotta start respect johnnie the way you respect I . you understand ? good . caesar see johnnie smile at he , but when gino turn , the smile disappear . gino and you , johnnie . you gonna stop act stupid . you gotta earn this respect that caesar 's gonna give . you understand ? good. done . now , where 's my money ? int . empty apartment - night corky drop a hefty bag , knotted tight , into a open five - gallon bucket of paint . as she pick up a paint stick , we see a second bag beside another bucket . she push the first bag down until it disappear , envelop by the milk - white liquid . int . caesar' apartment - night caesar put the briefcase onto the coffee table . gino look up at caesar , very serious , with he hand on the case . gino we know how this be do , eh ? caesar yeah , I know . he look dead at johnnie . gino it will not happen again , eh ? caesar shake he head . gino good . gino throw down the last of the scotch . gino done . we go now . johnnie Jesus Christ , pop . you get two hour until you plane leave . gino check he watch , shouting in italian . johnnie shout back until gino throw up he hand , refuse to listen . gino caesar ! he gesture to he empty glass , then fold he arm , lean back . caesar get the bottle . johnnie so caesar , what do it total out at ? caesar two point one seventy - six . johnnie whistle as caesar pour gino another scotch . johnnie unbelievable . can you believe that , violet ? gino hey , johnnie ... in italian tell he to shut up . johnnie come on , pop , all I want to know be one thing . just one thing after he make such a big deal out of it . I bet it be not a big deal . be it , caesar ? caesar what 's that , johnnie ? johnnie the money I bet it be nothing to get it clean , after you make such a fuck big deal ... gino johnnie , what do I say ? johnnie pop , this be important to I . it 's a simple question . if he would just answer the question , that 's the end of it . caesar where be this go , johnnie ? johnnie just admit it , caesar . caesar admit what ? johnnie that you overreact . that you lose it . not I . it be you mistake . caesar see it so clearly now . caesar all right , johnnie , you want to play it this way , I can play it this way . you want to know who make a mistake , why do not you open the case . violet caesar ... caesar shut up , violet ! this be between I and johnnie . he push the case toward he . caesar you want to do this now , let 's do it . open the case . open the fuck case . johnnie stare at he , feel that something be very wrong . caesar that 's right , I know . I fuck know . johnnie know what ? caesar open the case ! johnnie all right ! where 's the key ? caesar you do not need a key . he try but it 's lock . johnnie how the fuck can I open it ? caesar the same way you do before . johnnie what be you talk about ? caesar smile and toss the key onto the table . caesar there you go , johnnie . he reach for the key . caesar stand up and give violet he drink . caesar get I another . he can see the fear on she face as she go to the bar . time drip . the key turn . one lock pop . then the other . tbe case open like a scream and johnnie see the newspaper . johnnie what the ... before anybody can move , caesar whip around with he gun . Roy jump off he stool , he drink crash to the floor . caesar do not ! do not fuck move ! nobody can believe what be happen . gino caesar ? what be this ? caesar ask johnnie ! ask you rat-fuck son ! johnnie what the fuck ? caesar level the gun . caesar you do not think I will do it , do you ? johnnie I think you be fuck crazy ! caesar where be it ? johnnie where 's what ? caesar the money ! johnnie caesar , I do not know what you be think here , but if you do not put down that gun -- he stand up . caesar sit down ! he do . gino caesar ! caesar gino , you son steal this money to set I up and I can prove it . violet ! she do not know what to say . caesar tell they ! tell they ! violet for Christ 's sake , johnnie , do what he say . johnnie this be not happen ... boom ! caesar blow a hole in the couch right between johnnie 's leg . johnnie scream . caesar the next one blow off you dick . johnnie you be a dead man ! a fuck dead man ! caesar where be it ? gino enough ! gino jump up . caesar no , gino ! gino you aim a gun at I ?! do you know who I be ?! I be gino marzzone . you understand ? he start walk toward caesar . Roy move around for a good angle . caesar sit down , gino ! gino no , caesar , gimme the gun . caesar stay away ! he back up as gino walk straight to he . gino we be family , caesar . caesar no ! gino gimme the gun . caesar I can not . I can not . gino give it to I . he reach up and take bold of the barrel . caesar look resign as he shut he eye . gino good man . Close on gino 's hand hold the gun barrel as -- caesar fire . from behind the gun we watch gino 's grip yank free , time melting away as he fall , blood bubbling from he chest , he eye wide in disbelief . his body hit the floor and the room erupt . Roy dive , draw he gun as caesar continue to fire , pump the trigger . violet drop behind the bar as jobnnie scream , fall towards he father . blood spurt from Roy as two bullet hit , he gun clatter and slide across the floor . johnnie lunge at caesar as caesar turn and fire , hit johnnie everywhere ; blood and meat spray and speckle everything around he . int . empty apartment - night the gun continue to fire as corky clutches the phone , whisper . corky this be a emergency ! int . caesar' apartment - night crunched down behind the bar , violet listen to the only sound , repeat in the unnatural quiet : click . click . click . rising , she peer over the edge of the bar . caesar be stand in the aftermath . his gun be still aim at johnnie as he pull the trigger over and over . the body be still , blood silently pool around they . blink the sweat from he eye , caesar see violet . caesar I have to do it , violet . you see it . I have no choice . it be johnnie . that lie fuck . he make I do it . he look down at jobnnie , hate rise like bile . caesar you lie rat-fuck . you think you can set I up ? be that what you think ? you stupid fuck . kick the body , be cause a series of sicken wet noise . caesar I be a dead man ? I be a dead man ? guess again , fuck -face . who 's dead ? who 's the dead lie rat-fuck ? take another guess , take another fuck guess ! he stop , panting , unable to catch he breath . violet be afraid to even look at he . blood creep along the edge of the floorboard . caesar try to clear he head , mop the sweat from he face . he bend down and start search johnnie 's pocket . he find he key . violet what be you do ? lose in think , he go to gino . throw open the coat , he see the airplane ticket . there be a bullet hole in it . he check the time and then he watch . caesar ... maybe three hour . violet caesar , what be you go to do ? caesar what do you think we be go to do ? we have to find the money . violet what ? caesar once we have the money , then none of this ever happen . violet caesar , you just kill gino marzzone . caesar no I do not . not if he body disappear and not if the money be still here . then they never show up . violet what happen to they ? caesar I do not know . we may never know , but I be go to guess it be a job , maybe the karpoli family . he smile . caesar all part of the business . he pick up Roy 's gun and stuff it in he belt . caesar we just get to find the money . once we do , everything be go to be all right . in the distance , the wail of a police siren can be hear . ext . parking lot - night through the window they see a squad car , light blaring , roll up in front of the building . int . caesar' apartment - night violet oh , no . he turn back to the carnage . caesar fuck . violet caesar , what be we go to do ? caesar they be just cop . stall they as long as you can . caesar fly into action . grunting , he haul gino 's body up , drag it to the bathroom and throw it into the tub . he return for johnnie 's body . int . empty apartment - night stand near the bathroom , corky hear the metal echo of the tub . look at she tub , she imagine what he be do . through the wall , she hear the door buzzer . int . caesar' apartment - night the buzzer sound again as violet see he lift Roy 's body . caesar answer it ! he head back to the bathroom , drop Roy onto the other two . the three bloody body fill the tub . we see johnnie 's arm hang over the edge as caesar snap the shower curtain around , hide they . violet hello ? cop # 1 ( v.o. ) this be the police , mar 'am . she cut they off use the intercom . violet the police ? over she shoulder she see caesar move the furniture , clear the area around the heavy bloodstain . cop # 1 ( v.o. ) we have a report of gunfire , so if you could -- violet gunfire ? be this a joke ? violet see caesar hurry to he office . cop # 1 ( v.o. ) no joke , mar 'am . please open the door . violet how do I know you be cop ? int . office - night caesar seize the beautiful oriental rug in he office and yank it up , overturn furniture . dragging it out , he slam the door behind he . int . live room - night violet look at caesar , who be work with the calm , single - minded focus of a machine . cop # 1 ( v.o. ) ma'am , you have to open the door . violet all right . she buzze they in as caesar throw the rug like someone make a bed , let it fall to the floor and cover most of the blood . int . lobby - night the cop be wait for the elevator . after a moment , the door slide open . int . caesar' apartment - night violet move away from the intercom as caesar begin arrange the furniture on the rug . caesar get I a wet towel . his word push she to the bathroom . int . bathroom - night stuff a towel into the sink , she turn on the water . she do not even look at the shower curtain . int . hall - night the elevator open and the cop step out . int . caesar' apartment - night caesar grab the television remote , hit " on " and jack the volume until it be obviously loud . violet return and he snatch the towel from she . int . hall as the two cop walk down the hall , they hear the television . they look at each other , already know what happen . int . caesar' apartment - night like a maniac , caesar wipe at any blood still visible until there be a knock on the door . he grab violet by the arm . caesar if you be think about do something stupid , remember I just kill gino marzzone . you understand what that mean ? she nod . violet they be just cop . there be another knock , much louder . violet go to the door as caesar rip off he blood - soak jacket and shirt . he drop down behind the bar leave the chain on , violet open the door . tbe cop smile . cop # 1 see ? we be for real . violet I be sorry , it 's just you hear storey . cop # 1 you do the right thing . crouch , caesar wipe vigorously at the blood on he hand and face . violet open the door . caesar cram the bloody wad under the bar sink . just as the cop enter the live room , caesar stand , look comfortable in no shirt , with ice cube in he hand . caesar hey , hey , Chicago 's finest . he plunk the ice into a glass and walk from behind the bar caesar how 's it go tonight , fella ? cop # 1 pretty good , sir . caesar turn he head . caesar huh ? I be sorry , I can only hear in this ear . tbe cop look at each other again . wiping he wet hand on he pants , caesar shake hand with each of they . caesar I be caesar and this here be my violet . they smile at violet as caesar put he arm around she . caesar violet say something about gunshot ? violet see the gun wedge in the back of he belt . cop # 2 yes , sir , a neighbor in the building call in . cop # 1 I think we know what happen . cop # 2 it be probably just the television . caesar the television ? he look at violet . caesar honey , why do not you say something ? turn it off . violet walk across the rug and turn off the tv . caesar fuck , this happen before . it 's this shitty ear . bear with it . the battery wear out in my aid . I be sorry . cop # 1 it 's all right , sir . cop # 2 no big deal . caesar hey , can I get you guy a beer ? cop # 1 not on duty , sorry . caesar oh , right . cop # 2 but , uh , would you mind if I use you bathroom ? caesar 's face tighten . caesar yeah , why not ? it 's right there . cop # 2 thanks . he head for the john . violet watch caesar back up to the bar , move behind it . caesar I be go to make myself a drink , if that 's okay ? cop # 1 go right ahead , sir . int . bathroom night cop # 2 enter , walk right past the shower curtain . we hear he sigh as he start to piss . int . live room - night cop # 1 walk onto the rug , look around , turn to violet . cop # 1 this be a beautiful place . violet ... thank you . she stare at he shoe on the rug . watch everything , caesar take a sip of he drink . he slip he gun out and hold it at he side . int . bathroom - night there be a bulge in the shower curtain where we imagine johnnie 's arm be hang . slowly we slide down to the bottom edge of the plastic curtain , where a drip of blood form and -- plip into a small red spot on the white tile floor . int . live room - night Close on the heel of the cop 's black shoe , where we can almost see the blood seeping up through the oriental rug . cop # 1 be this a condo ? violet nod . everyone turn when cop # 2 bust out of the bathroom . cop # 2 okay , let 's roll . cop # 1 walk across the rug to the hardwood floor . he turn to caesar . cop # 1 try to keep the extra battery for you aid around . caesar good idea . int . empty apartment - night corky hear the cop say goodbye to violet . the door close . she be not sure what she should do . over she shoulder , she note the bucket of paint . she let the cop leave . int . caesar' apartment - night caesar put on a new shirt , the gun stuff in he pants . caesar let 's go . int . empty apartment - night corky rise at the sound of caesar 's door close . we track she along the wall to the foyer as she follow the faint sound of caesar and violet 's footstep . int . hall - night as they pass by , violet look up to the door of the empty apartment , straight at the peephole . int . empty apartment corky be press against the door , eye at the peephole . she see that violet be afraid as the two woman seem to speak to each other with they eye . corky ... shit . ext . parking lot - night caesar be on he knee , search under the seat of johnnie 's mercede . unable to find the money , he be ready to snap . from the main door , corky slip out of the building . hiding behind a column , she see violet and caesar across the lot . corky move behind the park car , the gun squeeze in she hand . violet edge away , on the verge of run , look toward the busy street . stand , caesar pound on the car . caesar fuck ! fuck ! fuck ! violet caesar , someone could see we out here . ignoring she , be try to think . caesar get in . still too far from they to do anytbing , corky see caesar slam the trunk . caesar get in ! it 's get to be at he house . that 's the only other place it could be . violet look around the lot , look for some way out . caesar violet ! now ! corky can only watch as violet get in and the car rip away . int . empty apartment - night alone , corky stand over the bucket of paint . she kick it with she boot-toe . corky two million dollar , cork ... two million dollar ... she sigh , wonder how long she can make herself wait . ext . johnnie's brownstone - night the BMW be park in front . int . johnnie's brownstone - night Close on caesar , as he rake he sweaty hair back , he face knotted in torment . caesar okay , I come in ... he turn as if he just come in through the front door . we see johnnie 's home have be laid to waste . the furniture be break , cushion split open , picture shattered , hole punch in the drywall -- even the carpete have be tear up . caesar do not look much better . caesar I have get the money ... huddle in a corner , violet watch he . caesar I can not wait to see the look on caesar 's face when he find out . caesar move from the front door , try to get into johnnie 's head . caesar now I do not have much time ... he take a couple of step into the room . caesar get to put it someplace safe ... he look at a closet . it 's gut , searched 10 time already . caesar ... put it ... a couple more uneasy step and he look at a large over - turn rolltop desk . caesar ... get it ... he start look around the room as if he be see for the first time that it be destroy . he be near the break point . violet C ? his voice crack . there be nowhere else to look . caesar where do I put it ? he explode . a terra cotta lamp sail across the room . caesar where 's my fuck money ?! Fucking cocksucker ! where the fuck be it ?! he smashes he forehead into the wall , dent the drywall . caesar ow . he hold he head , sink to the ground . violet C ? she sit next to he , put a hand lightly on he shoulder . violet it 's not here , caesar . caesar where , then ? violet I do not know . it could be anywhere . we do not even know if he be alone . please , caesar , we do not have much time . let 's get out of here . he know what he have to do . digging through the debris , he find the phone . violet what be you do ? caesar we be go to need some time . violet who be you go to call ? already dial , he do not answer violet caesar ? ceaar take a deep breath , muster composure . mickey ( v.o. ) yeah ? caesar hey , mickey . violet oh , God . mickey ( v.o. ) caesar ? what the fuck time be it ? caesar Mick , I know it 's late , but there be a problem . they have not show up yet . mickey ( v.o. ) what ? they be not there ? caesar no . I do not know where they be . I even call over at johnnie 's , but no answer . mickey ( v.o. ) okay . let I call around . I will see what I can do . do not go anywhere , okay ? caesar okay , sure , Mick . mickey ( v.o. ) caesar , you still get the money ? caesar look at violet . caesar yeah , Mick . I have get the money . I be stare right at it . mickey ( v.o. ) good . sit tight . I will call you . he hang up . int . caesar' apartment - night caesar drag himself in . violet close the door behind they . caesar move into the room where it happen . he be dizzy and confuse and do not want to be here . violet turn he around . violet I will start pack . you know what you have to do . she turn he toward the bathroom . he nod . caesar I can use johnnie 's car , dump it in Lake Michigan ... I need plastic bag ... tape and rope ... violet just hurry . nodding , he head for the kitchen . int . bedroom - night violet enter and go straight for the phone . she look at the blank wall as she dial . violet please , corky ... the phone ring . when corky answer , violet almost collapse with relief . violet oh , thank God . corky I be still here . violet I be so afraid you ... corky you do not quit on I , violet , and I will not quit on you . int . kitchen - night a box of hefty bag tuck under he arm , a coil of clothesline in he hand , caesar search through several cabinet . int . bedroom - night violet glance at the door . violet corky , it work ! he 's go to run . he need to take care of the body to buy himself time , but as soon as he leave , it 's over . int . empty apartment - night corky fall against the wall . violet ( v.o. ) just a little longer and it 's ours . int . kitchen - night mumbling to himself , caesar walk out of the kitchen , head for the bedroom . int . bedroom - night violet reach out and touch the wall , as if she be touch corky . violet corky , I have to tell you something ... int . empty apartment - night corky turn to the wall . corky I know , violet . I know . her finger gently touch the wall as we travel up and over , where we see they be actually touch the wall in the exact same place . corky it 's why I be still here . int . bedroom - night suddenly , violet hear caesar . caesar ( v.o. ) violet ? as he open the door , she slam down the phone . int . empty apartment - night the line cut off . int . bedroom - night fear and panic paralyze violet as caesar drop everything , grab for he gun . caesar who be that ? he level the gun at she . caesar who the fuck be that ? she stand and be rush at she , grab she by the throat . caesar be that mickey ? do you call mickey ? do you ?! she shake she head and he throw she on the bed . the gun aim at she , he pick up the phone and -- Hit the redial . int . empty apartment - night unsure of what happen , corky hear the phone ring and answer it on reflex . listen , she wait . int . bedroom - night caesar listen , wait as long as he can . caesar mickey ? be that you ? int . empty apartment - night corky hang up , jump away from the wall . int . bedroom - night caesar hit the redial again . int . empty apartment - night panick , corkydo not answer it , but as it ring very loud in the empty apartment , she realize she mistake . int . bedroom - night turn slowly toward the wall , caesar hear the phone ringing in the empty apartment . int . empty apartment - night corky rip the plug out of the wall . int . bedroom - night the line go dead . caesar who be that ? who be over there ?! tell I ! she try to get away , but he grab she and slap she to the ground . int . empty apartment corky hear violet scream and that do it . gun in hand , she fly at the door . int . bedroom - night the door to the empty apartment slam shut and caesar , hearing it , start to run -- but violet reach out , catch he ankle , send he crash to the dresser . violet run ! just run ! int hall - night the door to caesar 's apartment be lock . corky fall to one knee , whipping two lock pick from she earlobe . int . bedroom - night caesar raise the gun to pistol - whip violet and she scream . int . hall - night work the lock , corky hear violet 's scream cut off . she feel the tumbler click , and rotate the cylinder . a shadow stir under the crack of the door as she hear something that sound like footstep . corky freeze . corky press down low against the door beneath the peephole . she can almost feel caesar beyond the door , but grit she tooth and turn the doorknob . int . apartment - night the door crack open and corky slip in , gun -first . as she move into the room , we see caesar behind she . he put he gun to she head . caesar Drop the fuck gun or die ! corky hesitates . caesar Drop it ! she do . caesar turn around . rising from she crouch , she turn and he recognize she . caesar you !? Holy fuck Christ ! you gotta be kid I ! he start to laugh when she strike -- knock the gun , she punch he , slamm he back against the door as -- she twist , diving , grab she gun , just as -- he step and kick she full in the face . int . closet - night still unconscious , corky 's head jerk , reacting to the kick . we see the dry blood cake to she check where he kick split the skin . she be again swim toward consciousness . we hear water splash , she face flinching as we move closer , the sound and voice echoing . cesar ( v.o. ) wake up ! come on , you fuck dyke ! we hear caesar slapping she . caesar ( v.o. ) wake up ! int . bedroom - night corky 's face be drip with water as she eye slowly blink open . come into focus be caesar , stand over she with a empty glass in one hand . caesar good . except for the gag , she be bound as we have see she bound in the closet . caesar yank out he gun and put it to she head . caesar I know everything now so I do not want to hear any " I do not know " bullshit , you understand ? she see violet on the bed , also bound hand and foot . caesar God , I should have see this come ! the second I meet you , I know it . everyone know you kind can not be trust ! Fucking queer make I sick . the gun dig into she cheek . caesar but you try to fuck the wrong guy . and I swear to you that I be go to kill you for it . he thumb back the hammer . caesar where be the money ? violet do not tell he -- caesar shut up , violet ! violet he can not kill you -- he aim the gun at violet . caesar violet ! violet not until he have the money ! he fire and she jump as the bullet punch through the wall behind she . his point make , he put the gun back to corky 's head . caesar now , where the fuck be my money ? corky lick I . caesar where be it ? corky either pull the trigger or get that thing out of my face . blood temperature rise again , caesar pull the gun back and slap she with it . caesar stupid cunt ! violet caesar , stop act like a asshole and think -- caesar do not try to tell I what to do . violet you need the money just like we do . caesar shut up , violet . violet let we go and we will make a deal . he rush at she , grab a fistful of she hair . caesar shut the fuck up ! he look at corky . caesar what do you do to she ?! this be not my violet ! he look at she as if unable to recognize she caesar what do she do to you ? violet everything you could not . he shove she down . caesar you ungrateful bitch ! you have nothing before I meet you . you be nothing ! he stomp around the room . caesar who give you this place ? this apartment ? he throw open the closet . caesar who give we all of this ? I do ! I give you everything ! I give you this life ! I make you , violet . I save you . he seem to believe what he be say . caesar I save you . violet ha ! what a load of crap . look at yourself , caesar . you be a thug . | you launder money for the mob . you rent woman like you rent this apartment . he do not want to hear this . violet save I ? you do not even know I . you use I , caesar , just like I use you . all part of the business . caesar you betrayed I ! violet you murder gino ! caesar I have to . you make I . violet bullshit , you kill he . not I . you do it because you could not stand the think of johnnie fuck you . caesar shut up ! he slap she . caesar okay , you want business , I will give you the fuck business . he lean closer . caesar I be go to make you beg just like shelly do . just like shelly ! he storm out of the room . corky look up at violet . violet I be sorry , corky ... corky do not be sorry . help I . she pull at the rope as violet slide off the bed . int . kitchen - night caesar throw open the broom closet and grab the clipper that mickey use to cut off shelly 's finger . int . bedroom - night the two woman be back - to-back , finger work at each other 's knot when caesar burst into the room . caesar oh , no no no . grabbing corky by the boot , he drag she and flip she so that she can now see violet . he drop down onto violet put the clipper in front of she face . caesar hey , violet , you remember this ? her eye widen with terror . she start to scream when he stuff a towel in she mouth . laying against violet , he turn to corky . caesar I be go to start with she so you will get a good idea what 's come . he take hold of violet 's pinky finger , stretch it out . caesar I be go to ask you where the money be . every time you do not give I a answer , I be go to cut off one finger . corky no. caesar when I reach ten , then I will start with you . he put the finger between the blade . caesar where be the money ? corky see violet thrashing helplessly . she have no choice . her mouth open as -- the door buzzer ring . caesar be distract , try to think who it could be . caesar ... mickey . he see the phone , where he drop it , lie off the hook . the door buzzer ring again , more insistently . corky see he momentarily unnerve . he look back at she . caesar I say where -- he start to cut and corky scream -- corky no ! I will tell you ! he stop , the door buzzing continuously . corky it 's over there in the empty apartment . as she speak , the sound of the door buzzer change . corky I put it inside one of the paint drum . he be not look at she ; listen , he realize that mickey be buzzing the other apartment . caesar stand as the buzzing stop . he pull out he gun and aim it at corky . caesar I promise I would kill you . he cock it . corky you can not kill I yet . caesar why ? corky I could be lie . his hand start to shake with ftustration . he be beginning to hate this woman more than he ever hate johnnie . take a deep breath , he ease back the hammer . caesar you be go to wish to God you have not do that . he kick she again , snap she head back . after he leave , violet look over and see corky lie unconscious . int . hall - night caesar try to open the door to the empty apartment but it be lock . caesar fuck . at the end of the hall , the elevator " ding . " just as the door open , caesar jump back into he apartment . int . caesar' apartment - night caesar Son of a bitch ... his mind a racing blur , he lock the door and run back to the bedroom . int . bedroom - night with another towel , he gag corky and drag she into the closet . in she pocket , he find the key . he close the door , then hang up the phone . grunting , he haul violet up over he shoulder -- when there be a knock on the door . int . live room - night carry violet , he hurry to the kitchen , where he throw corky 's gun into the freezer . mickey be bang on the door as caesar head for the bathroom . int . bathroom drop violet onto the floor , he reach behind the curtain and turn on the shower . caesar mickey will get in . I know he will . we hear the water hit the body while caesar start tear off he clothes . caesar violet . I can kill you right now if that 's what you want . if you want to live , then you have to help I . I need you to make mickey believe that everything be normal . he pick up he gun . caesar tell I , do you want to live ? she stare hard at he and he gun , then nod . caesar good girl . int . live room - night we move toward the door as the lock click open . int . bathroom - night violet 's hand be untied . she pull off the gag and the rope at she foot . nake , caesar stick he head under the shower spray , wetting everything . int . live room still drip , caesar walk into the room , a towel wrap around he waist , another towel in he hand . mickey and Lou be stand in the middle of the room . caesar jump . caesar Jesus Christ ! caesar hold he chest , lay it on a bit thick . caesar Holy fuck , mickey ! you scared the shit outta I . he see they both be hold they gun . caesar what be this ? what be you two do , sneaking in here with you pecker in you hand ? you gonna do I , Mick ? be that it ? mickey smile , put he gun away . mickey no , cease . there be no answer . caesar I think I hear someone knock . mickey I be buzzing , I be knock , but I guess you could not hear I on account of be in the shower . caesar yeah , it be violet 's idea . I be so wound up about gino , she be try to help I relax . mickey that violet be one nice lady . wish someone would help I relax . caesar shit , Mick , come on in , let I get you a drink . sit down , Lou . behind the bar , he set down the towel be be hold and we see the gun hide inside it . int . bathroom - night violet watch through a sliver of open door , she mind already work . int . live room - night caesar be make the drink . mickey we be worried about you , cease . caesar me? why ? mickey we go over to johnnie 's place just to check it out and it be bust up , bad . caesar hand he a drink . mickey I start think maybe it 's about the money so I call you , but all I get be the busy signal . I figure the phone be off the hook , that 's why I come rush over here . caesar oh Christ , the phone ... that be a fuck stupid thing to do , be not it ? mickey hey , if violet be help I relax , I would probably do the same thing . mickey smile as he sip he drink . int . bathroom - night violet stand and go to the shower curtain . she reach in and turn off the water . steady herself , she pull back the curtain , expose the wet , bloody body . int . live room - night mickey be look at the furniture . mickey cease , can I ask you something ? caesar yeah . mickey why would you move all the furniture around ? the knot in caesar 's stomach tighten . mickey let I guess . that be violet 's idea , too . he laugh , and Lou laugh with he . caesar actually , yeah , she be nervous about gino come , want everything to look right . you know woman , Mick . mickey sure , cease . they make we do stupid thing , do not they . caesar smile feebly . int . bathroom - night violet have pull up johnnie 's body and be digging through he coat pocket , search for something . int . live room - night mickey see the briefcase still on the coffee table . mickey be that the money ? caesar yeah , that 's it . caesar put he hand inside the towel as mickey walk across the rug . mickey that fuck shelly . I gotta hand it to the guy , but Jesus , if I be he I would have bail a long time ago . I mean , how much money do a man need ? talk to Lou , be pick up the case and walk back , somehwo move right between the wet spot . mickey I remember I be just stare at all this goddamn money , shelly down on he knee , and the next thing I know , johnnie just blow he head off . he slap the case up onto the bar . mickey what a fuck mess . johnnie 's laugh he ass off and that 's when caesar lose it and - boom . he coldcock he . Fucking coldcock johnnie marzzone . he thumb the latch but the case be still lock . mickey hey , caesar , where 's the key ? caesar the key , yeah , the key 's in my pants in the bathroom . mickey fuck it , I do not need the key . caesar take the smallest breath . mickey I do not need a key to get in here , do I ? he pull out a lock -pick and start work the lock . the muscle in caesar 's forearm bulge as he tightly squeeze he gun . he be slip toward that same desperate choice . he be go to attack when -- across the room , the phone ring . everyone look at it . mickey who the hell could that be ? the phone be near the couch . caesar do not want to let go of the gun . the phone continue to ring . mickey you gonna answer it ? int . bathroom - night violet have johnnie 's cellular phone . watch through the crack door , violet see caesar cross to answer the phone . cesar ( v.o. ) hello ? violet hello , caesar . this be gino . caesar look toward the bathroom . caesar ( v.o. ) what ? violet you be blow you only chance . Act like I be gino . int . live room - night caesar 's eye light up . caesar Holy shit , I do not believe it ! we have be go crazy over here , gino ! violet ( v.o. ) good boy . mickey jump up . caesar it 's gino ! it 's gino ! mickey where in the hell be he ? int . bathroom - night violet we be in a car accident -- caesar ( v.o. ) they be in a car accident . violet but everybody be all right . int . live room - night caesar they be all fine . just bruise and shit . violet ( v.o. ) now you listen to I , asshole , I know you gun be behind the bar ... mickey un-fuck - believable . I call that highway patrol dumb fuck . caesar ssh ! I can not hear gino ! violet ( v.o. ) we make a deal or I come out and hand this phone to mickey . caesar I be listen . int . bathroom - night violet have she robe over she dress , wrapping she hair in a towel , make sure the bruise on she forehead be hide . violet I want what 's mine , half the money . we get rid of mickey , no one else die . no one . say yes , I understand . caesar ( v.o. ) yes , I understand . violet tell they I be at St. Mary 's off the Kennedy , in the wait room , but stay on the phone until I come out . caesar ( v.o. ) sure , gino , sure . int . live room - night out of the corner of he eye , he watch violet come out of the bathroom . caesar St. Mary 's off the Kennedy , sure . okay , gino . mickey see violet . violet mickey ? what be you do here ? mickey violet , it 's gino and johnnie . they be in a car accident . violet oh my God . be anyone hurt ? mickey I think everything be okay . caesar hang up . caesar they're at St. Mary 's in the wait room . Mick be already on the way . mickey I can not fit they all in my car so give I you key . you drive my car , Lou . caesar see violet walk toward the kitchen . caesar sure , mickey , sure . violet ! she stop , look straight at the freezer . caesar go grab my car key from my pants in the bathroom . she turn to he . caesar please , help we out , mickey want to get go . she turn to the bathroom . mickey they might want to go straight to the airport and back to Miami , so I better take this . he grab the briefcase . mickey you get the key ? caesar oh yeah . violet ! int . closet - night where corky remain bound , still unconscious . we hear the name echo in she head . caesar ( v.o. ) violet ! suddenly , she eye blink open . caesar ( v.o. ) violet ! her eye blink again as she try to focus . int . live room - night violet hand mickey the key for the car and the case . mickey thanks , V. he kiss she on the cheek . caesar call I as soon as you get he . mickey leave you phone on the hook . mickey and Lou leave . violet be stare at caesar , stand near the door . in he right hand he be hold the other towel . he smile . caesar now that 's teamwork . violet I should have let he kill you . caesar you know he would have do you , too . violet I know I could not trust you . he drop the towel , raise the gun . caesar I say I would let you live and I will . he smile again . caesar maybe . int . closet - night corky be wide awake , thrashing - mad , bite she gag , struggle to get free . int . live room - night caesar pull he pants on . caesar time to find out if the dyke be stupid enough to lie . caesar drag violet througb the front door . int . bedroom - night the closet door burst open as corky fight she way out . int . empty apartment - night caesar see the bucket of paint . he rip the lid from the nearest and kick it over . paint spill out across the floor . int . bedroom - night suddenly corky stop ; something have catch she eye . we drop down , focus on what she be stare at -- the clipper . int . empty apartment - night he kick over the second bucket and the bag tumble out with the rush flow of paint . caesar yes ! he turn to violet , who be already run out the door . caesar no ! int . hall - night violet turn down the hall , bare foot beat against the floor . caesar slice out of the room behind she . caesar violet ! he aim the gun as she hurl she self into the emergency door . caesar fuck ! int . stairwell - night she fly , hand on the rail , spiraling down each flight as he charge after she . caesar goddammit , violet ! stop ! now ! int . bedroom - night strain , corky 's finger curl around the handle of the clipper . int . lobby - night violet smashes through the door , but instead of turn to the main door , she run straight for the elevator . she pound the button and wait . violet come on . come on , please . she hear caesar come just as the elevator open . caesar crash out of the stair door , run toward the exit . when he do not see violet , he turn to the sound of the elevator -- and catch a glimpse of she as the door close . caesar oh , you bitch . you fuck bitch . take a really deep breath , he throw open the door to the stair . int . elevator - night violet take johnnie 's cellular phone from the robe pocket and dial a number . mickey answer on the car phone . violet mickey ! oh God , mickey ! mickey ( v.o. ) violet ? whisper , she act terrify . violet he make I help he , mickey , God , I be so afraid . it be caesar , all caesar . you have to help I . he 's come - oh God ! she hang up , eye blaze . int . stairwell - night sweat pour off he , caesar climb the stair . int . hall - night the elevator open , violet bolt out . she run down the hall , past the empty apartment , back to she door . violet corky ? int . empty apartment - night she rush to the bedroom , where she find the coil of cut rope . violet corky ! she look at the wall separate the apartment . int . hall - night caesar half - fall out of the stair door , drench with sweat . int . empty apartment gun ready , caesar throw open the door . spread out like a pond of milk be the spill paint , but -- the money be go . lead away from the white pool be boot print and the drip trail of the plastic bag . the track lead to the bathroom . caesar kick open the bathroom door and find the bag of money next to corky 's empty boot . over he shoulder we see corky already swinging a massive pipe wrench . at the last second he be able to duck , fall to the ground as -- the doorjamb splinter with a terrible metal crunch . before he can recover and shoot , she bring the wrench down on he arm . he scream as the gun hit the floor . she kick it , send it skid , hydroplane across the paint pool to the other side , leave a jet trail of white swirl and spiral on the wood floor . they fight , corky raining blow onto he back and flail arm until -- he catch she foot , flipping she as he clamber up . scramble across the paint , slip , crawl for the gun when -- violet burst in , point the gun from the freezer . violet stop ! caesar , on hand and knee , look at she , then at he gun still out of reach . violet it 's over , caesar . I call mickey . he 's on he way . violet stand for long time , the gun train carefully on he as he rise from the floor . pant , caesar watch she like a mad dog . violet get out of here , caesar . if you want to live you have better start run . he smile . caesar all this year and you still do not know I , violet . she glance down and see the paint-cover gun . caesar but I know you . he turn to the gun . violet caesar , do not . caesar what be you go to do , v? shoot I ? kill I in cold blood ? I do not think so . I will tell you why . if you have it in you to pull that trigger , you would have do it a long time ago . if I be you , I would have kill I the minute I bring the money home . but you do not and I know why , because you do not want to kill I . do you , V ? do you ? no , I know you do not . violet caesar , you do not know shit . violet fire -- the bullet hit caesar in the shoulder , knock he off balance . another double he over as blood speckles the pool of paint . she empty the gun into he . his body arc back , fall , splash into the paint . caesar 's blood bubbles out bright red against the glisten white . dissolve to : int . caesar' apartment - day it be empty and clean . in the bedroom , only a few hanger be leave dangle in the open closet . ext . parking lot - day mickey be stand with violet , next to he lincoln town car . violet I will never understand it , mickey . you do not even call the police . mickey I tell you , the family do not want the police around . we want to take care of it ourselves and we will . I will find he . I swear I will . violet I know you will . mickey sure you be go to be okay ? I mean , if you be have second thought , my offer still stand . violet thanks , mickey , but I need to get out , you know ? get away from all of this . mickey nod . violet but thanks . thanks for everything . she hug he and he kiss she . then he get in he car . violet watch he drive away and know that she be free . ext . corky'' apartment corky sit on stoop , patient , like a rock . she look up as she hear high heel , and smile at -- violet stand there , new outfit . corky stand in front of she . corky hey . violet hey . corky how would it go ? violet I be here , be not I ? corky nod . corky I guess we should get out of here . violet nod . corky dig out alarm key , aim , fire . violet turn , look . New truck . violet turn to corky , eyebrow cocked . corky think we might need a getaway car . smile , they get in . int . truck corky admire truck . corky you know what the difference be between we , violet ? violet no . corky ... I neither . lean for kiss , as dolly in . gun engine . Zoom . the end