boy erased screenplay by joel edgerton base on the memoir write by garrard conley ext . memphis sky / carpark , 2004 - day we hold on a big slice of memphis blue sky . the only sound be the out of focus american flag whipped by wind in the distance . soon after we hear , but do not see - a car pull up on the gravel asphalt and - the beep of the door as it open . from it spill the radio sounding out the ' 90 country hit - ' check yes or no 's by George Strait . GEORGE strait I think this be how love go . check yes or no . and - a fresh face young man , 18 , stand up fill the frame , look out into the distance . this be jare eamon . he wear a ultra crisp white shirt buttone to the neck with no tie . he be slim and wear he hair cropped short . the camera move slightly to take in a out of focus church cross atop a basic baptist steeple ahead of he . all the while - that distant american flag , flap in the breeze , flank he from behind . a second door open 0.s. , spilling out that music again - GEORGE strait ( cont 'd ) now we be grow up , and she 's my wife . still like two kid and star in we eye . - and now - Jared 's mother nancy step into frame . she be make up to the nine : bottle blonde voluminous hair , hoop earring and thick mascara . underneath she heavy make - up we can see concern . she slide on Jackie o sunglass and look out toward the steeple as Jared turn toward the flag . they both seem lose . Nancy hide she concern behind the shade , try a bright smile and , out come she chirpy southern voice - nancy be you ready , honey ? Jared look away for a beat , then turn with a convincing smile and start walk . they leave frame . int . l.i.a. foyer -— continuous l.i.a. be a acronym for ' Love in action 's -- but we should not know that yet . there be no signage . grey -blue carpet cover a expansive floor space . Stark white wall with no hanging or decoration . some empty basic chair lining one section of wall . heavy door lead off to unknown room . a pot plant in a corner seem a afterthought . n.b. : for now we should see it as a dry , clinical facility . it should feel like a juvenile detention center of some kind . -- through the glass of the aluminum frame door we see Jared and Nancy approach uncertainly - then enter . Nancy 's ensemble be elegant , if not a little gaudy and mismatch : a Southern Belle dress and a shoulder padded coat . she wear heel and clutches a white bedazzle purse . Jared 's white shirt be tuck into a pair of brand new khakis with no belt . he wear rubber sole black shoe and hold a book in a blue plastic shopping bag . they look a odd pair : a tall ' tammy Baker 's mother escort she awkward , ultra conservative , son . male voice o.s I help you ? what 's you name ? Nancy turn , take she sunglass off . aaron ( 40s ) stand inside a reception booth : stocky , with a severe hair - cut , he put a clipboard on the reception ledge . nancy Nancy . aaron the kid I mean . unless you be the one check in . Jared and Nancy , side by side at the reception desk , sign the clipboard document . Aaron stand erect with he authority inside the booth . he too wear khakis and a white shirt , along with a blue tie and a name badge . he size Jared up . aaron ( cont 'd ) let 's get you check in properly Jared . wanna say you good - by ? he come out from the door of he reception booth . nancy can I see the place ? aaron afraid you will not be allow beyond the reception area missus eamon . you can pick he up at five p.m. on Nancy , uncertain -- jare it 's okay mom . nancy call I if you need anything . i’1l be at the hotel and on my cell ph -- aaron we will be hold he cell - phone . if there be any emergency we will contact you . otherwise , five p.m. Aaron punch a code into the door and the door mechanism release with a mechanical buzz . Jared and Aaron pass through the secure door to a hallway , leave Nancy wave nervously goodbye . int . hallway - continuous Jared walk ahead as Aaron follow he . when Jared turn , the blank expression on Aaron 's face trouble he a little . aaron door on the right . they stop in front of the third door and Aaron knock . soon — a tall , skinny blonde man ( Michael , 24 ) answer the door . his shark grey , pierce eye be almost permanently set ina judgmental frown , give he a mean-streak air . aaron ( cont 'd ) newbie . eamon . int . office - continuous Michael pick through Jared 's possession , scrutinize each thing place down : coin ; cash ; gum ; a plastic hotel key - card ; the bag contain the book , and ; he wallet . he start go through the wallet , while throw the gum in the trash . Jared react . Jared hold out he cell phone unsure who to give it to . Aaron take it from Jared and put it with the pile . michael do you have any number or photo we need to be concerned about ? on Jared . thinks . shake he head slowly . it read like he be not convinced . Michael 's eye drill into he . michael ( cont 'd ) we will check this daily for any ' false imaging 's and call any number we want to at random . so best you be straight with all this . jare there be nothing ... and yeah , call whatever number if you need to . Michael , now back in the wallet , hold up a business card . and flip it ... a handwritten cell number on the back . michael who will answer if I call this number ? jare umm . it be my doctor . ( beat ) it 's she off hour number . I forget it be even there . michael anything else ? Aaron start to pat Jared down . he find something -- jare oh. yeah . this . it 's ... from he back waistband he pull a moleskin notebook . Michael take it and flick through . it feel like a personal intrusion to Jared , who lean forward . jare ( cont 'd ) it 's just ... I write storey sometimes . I be at college study and ... I forget cause it 's -- michael you have to start get a better memory . trust be one of the key word around here . no journaling . we will need to read this . again , for any false imaging . ( to Aaron ) it 's almost nine . - jare sure . will I get this stuff back ? michael most thing you get back at the end each day . jare that 's fine . it 's just stuff I - Aaron start to usher Jared out . michael o.s forgetting something else ? hold . Jared already feel in trouble . then Michael take Jared 's l.i.a. handbook from the plastic bag . on it we see a logo : a upside down triangle with a red heart in it . michael you need the handbook at all time . good luck . jare thank you . it 's the only warmth Michael have offer thus far . meager . int / ext l.i.a. hallway - day Jared be lead by Aaron . as he turn the corner he look back and see another young person be lead to the check in area . - they walk out a door and under a awning toward a larger building . int . l.i.a. MAIN auditorium - day Jared , wear a name tag , find a seat and settles into a semi circle of chair with ten other : a half dozen teens and young people ; a few in they twenty and thirty , and ; one guy in he forty . Three woman . mostly boy . they all take out they handbook . we take in they face as we hear - - the rule read out , start with Carl : super conservative ( 25 ) , likely take time out he retail managerial position . carl ' sobriety . no smoking . no alcohol , or drug . 's and the credit will appear over - -- during the rule we will intercut with various historical religious painting and other image -- the last Supper by dagnan - bouveret , Jesus hold up a wine . and now to Sarah ... ( tomboy-ish teenager - all of 16 ) sarah ' off hour . all client to remain within the ' safe Zone area as designate . 's Les romains de la décadence , Thomas couture . credit continue over -- a aerial shot of Memphis . then - shot of basic , boring diner and hotel . family portrait by gillis van tilborgh . NB : the wither look of the central bored male pilgrim face the viewer . now - cameron . cropped hair . all of 17 , he be a hulk line - backer in the make with a baby face . he read nervously . cameron ' hygiene . Men to shave facial hair , and woman to remove underarm and leg hair daily . 's toilette der esther - théodore chassériau , depict a immoral woman with outstretch arm . no hair visible . credit continue as we move to lee . Lee be the slim boy who peek at Jared in hall . well : Lee be actually gender fluid . non -binary . most people , in fact , would have a hard time be certain of Lee 's gender . Lee 's voice be no guide either way . it be soft and intelligent . lee ' attire . Men to wear long sleeve and pants at all time . 's portrait of Jesus by Del parson , where a blonde Jesus have he hand outstretch in a almost ' you dig my robe ? 's gesture . lee o.s ' woman 's skirt must extend below the knee and bras be to be wear at all time . 's the virgin Mary in the Rose Garden - Albert edelfelt we see a flash of a brassier catalogue : dry but sexual . now phillip ( 30 . bald and short . the guy from the hallway when Jared first arrive . ) phillip ' visitation and phone call to be pre-approve by l.i.a. staff . 's the Religious imagery continue . credit too . and over to simon ( 40 . i.t. Worker type ) simon ' confidentiality . all matter discuss in therapy be to remain private . 's the last Supper : Leonardo Da vinci . Close on whisperings . ander , 17 , be fidgety and freckle . ander ' restroom . member must be supervise by staff during rest - room visit . 's gary ( 20 ) . even under the crisp khaki and white uniform we can still tell he be a ' goth 's : dyed black hair ; pale complexion , and ; black converse . he be slight of frame , handsome and super smart . gary ' sexual misconduct . no view of pornographic material . 's his read carry a thinly veile cynicism that tell we he do not believe l.i.a. and do not want to be here . Jan breughel & Marshall Paul ruben : the Garden of eden . then a flash of male pornography . gary ( cont ’d ) ' no masturbation . no physical contact with any member or non member at any time apart from the briefest of handshake . 's the last judgement by Michelangelo depict man kissing man . push in . we may keep return to this image - tina , 27 - super conservative librarian 's hairstyle . glass . tina ' false imagery . cell phone will be check in and out each day . without exception . 's we see flash of pornographic image plus innocent image of man in modern society with they arm around each other . as the credit wind up it be Jared 's turn now . jare '' sinful , salacious and extraneous material . all read material , film and television be off limit while inside the program . 's hold on Jared -- syke 0o.s very good . let 's leave it there . Jared and the rest of the group respond to the voice . someone new have enter . closer on the last judgement - Michelangelo . credit end -- int . l.i.a. MAIN auditorium tight on the various face as they listen to -- syke 0o.s ' it be use sexual sin and homosexuality to fill a God shape void in my life . 's group ( repeat ) ' it be use sexual sin and homosexuality to fill a God shape void in my life . 's Jared look around to see the dozen or more people that have enter and line the back wall . various man and woman of all age . mostly young . a similar cross section to the seat group . syke 0o.s ' but ... I be not break and God love I . 's they repeat . syke o.s ( cont ’d ) somebody tell I what this be . and finally syke step into frame . a man in he mid-forty . greying cropped hair . pierce eye . a blue shirt and black pleate trousers . the only one deviate from the dress code here . he hold up a dollar bill . simon a dollar . syke 0o.s no matter how much you crumple up a dollar bill , you can never take away its value . even if you rip it , which would represent we be severe from Christ , you can tape it back together . Jared follow the logic , soaking up all wisdom . syke Jesus put we back together , and even though there be a scar , we value do not change . behind syke be the only signage : the same ' heart 's logo from the handbook cover . Jared look across at the androgynous boy , Lee . out of everyone Lee seem the most terrify . syke ( cont 'd ) you be somebody . you be worth something . and that 's a fact . the door open , interrupt syke , and in jog a young , attractive boy in he late teens . breathless . syke ( cont 'd ) nine -o-five jon. 10 . jon sorry . have to run here . apology . jon take a seat . dress the same as the rest of the group , he cowboy boot be the only thing that set he apart . Jared can not help but steal a look as jon slouches in he chair . as syke continue , jon hurriedly fix the last couple of high button on he shirt . sweat have render patch of the shirt see-through . jon catch Jared look , who turn away guiltily . syke thank you jon. ( beat ) well , I want to welcome all you brave soul . I know the road here be not easy for many of you , but I promise you a smoother ride now that you be here . welcome to ' the refuge 's program . all of the man and woman lining the wall follow syke 's lead in applaud the newcomer that be Jared 's group . syke ( cont 'd ) okay , you guy . get back to you schedule . and with that , all of the man and woman lining the wall start to file out . Jared watch they . syke ( cont 'd ) ( to Jared 's group ) so we can get down to business . he crumple the dollar bill and throw it to cameron , who catch it . syke ( cont 'd ) do not spend it all at once . Jared feel buoy by syke 's rhetoric and light energy in the room . syke ( cont 'd ) this may be the toughest but the most reward twelve day many of you will ever face . ( Jared and four other ) we have only one task . simply to bring ourselves back to God . to invite him back in . t’understand how he truly mean to create we . ( more ) 11 . syke ( cont ’d ) before that piece get tear away . ( beat ) ' what sinful thing have you do ? 's and to ask God 's forgiveness . ( beat ) discover who make you this way . ' who lead you into sin ? 's ( beat ) and get you on the right path to a life restore . ( beat ) I tell you , we be all about to go on a wonderful journey together . who 's ready ? ( smile ) that be a question . everyone either raise they hand , nod , or utter ' yes . 's syke ( cont 'd ) if you be ready , say ' amen . 's everyone / jare amen . syke if you know you be worth a dollar , say ' amen . 's Jared feel suddenly good and sweep up in the new atmosphere in the room . for the first time we see he smile . SNAP to black : everyone o.s as the title disappear , a more personal silence develop . jare o.s please Lord , make I pure . int . l.i.a MAIN auditorium - mid morning it 's tea break . Jared sip tea as he look around . - syke speak to a fellow staff member . 12 . - Sarah sit alone , eat cut carrot and celery . - Lee sit do nothing . totally lose . - nearby , jon talk with Carl ; the super conservative managerial type . then jon salute he in a casual , military style . during this jon and Jared catch eye . syke clap he hand together . syke okay . bring it in . Jared approach he chair . next to he be the very large and very young , linebacker - type , cameron . a gentle giant . the sneaker , the callouse hand , and the crew cut suggest he be probably block a touchdown rush last Friday night to the roar of he high school home crowd . now , for reason that he seem to be puzzle in he head , he have find himself lock in at l.i.a . : the roaring stadium bleacher now replace by a prison . Jared and cameron acknowledge each other . he be painfully shy , clutching he l.i.a. handbook , wishing it be just he team 's playbook . something he fully understand . Jared catch eye again with jon , who give he a mini salute . syke o.s . who can tell we what a genogram be ? int . l.i.a. MAIN auditorium - afternoon on the group . finally , Phillip raise he hand . phillip a genogram be like a family tree . only , one that show pattern of family behavior as well . but , like , a illustrate one . syke someone read the handbook . thank you , Phillip . Michael move through the room with big sheet of butcher paper and plastic tub of color sharpy for each member . 13 . syke ( cont ’d ) a genogram show hereditary pattern and behavioral clue in we family . it trace the history behind we sinful behavior . ( beat ) be as expressive as you will , but write a list or draw this folk in you family . anyone of influence to you as you grow up too . blood or otherwise . first sexual partner even . teacher . coaches . Jared look across at the other member , curious of they various storey and history . syke go to a board where Michael be furiously write up a list of ' behavior . 's syke ( cont 'd ) then write next to this people , they sin -- all member , old and young , start to sprawl out on the ground like child draw . jon and Sarah , already familiar with the task , be write out family name and draw etc ... syke ( cont 'd ) Michael -- Michael 's sound out the code . michael o.s. A. alcoholism . P. promiscuity . h for homosexuality . D for drug . a money sign for gambling . m for mental illness . Big a little b for abortion . G slash C for gang or crime involvement . Big p little of for pornography . Jared look to big cameron as he write slowly -- m..o..m syke you be forget ... oh ' dv.’ michael oh , sorry . Big D little v for domestic violence . cameron now add ' dv’ next to he dad. 14 . syke call they out in you genogram . because I can guarantee , and you may not even realize it yet but , one or some of this people be to blame for why you be here . Jared look down at he page . he have list - dad , Mom , grandpa W , grandma W. nan. poppy . uncle Chris . aunt minny . now , he hand waver over what to mark any of they as . syke 's foot step before Jared 's poster . syke o.s. search you mind and you will find something . syke crouch down . Jared , out of fear of come up blank , write ' a ?' next to uncle Chris . syke you know or you do not know . ' uncle Chris be a alcoholic . 's Jared erase the ‘?’. he look at syke 's foot , think , and then write Chloe ... ' p’ - ( promiscuous ) pre -lap - the roar of a crowd . int . ST . martin' auditorium - night ( flashback - 2003 ) pack bleacher out of focus . then in poetic slow motion we see a beautiful young cheerleader fly into frame . a sequine red , white and blue uniform with a big ' m 's on the chest . she throw a shape in slow motion , beam a thousand watt smile . title card : chloe gravity take she away again , but soon she be back , bend into a even more brilliant and dynamic shape . wayne o.s Chloe want to have sex with you . she land now , _in real time and the sound return to normal . Jared sit on the bench , lean into he friend Wayne . he do not hear . basketball player press in front of they . 15 . wayne I say Chloe be down to do it . she 's be ask mindy and mindy have be positive for obvious reason . so you can thank I . before Jared can respond - the buzzer ring sound and the St. Martin 's colonel , basketball team be in a group hug . soon , friend and family member be among they offer congratulation . Jared 's parent approach . we recognize Nancy but he dad we will now meet : marshall . he limp over in a mismatch blazer and pants . a sturdy man in he 5as . nancy yay !!! you set up so many point . I see - marshall - most underrate component of the game , assist . and you score some too . congratulation . a handshake turn into a hug . a rare commodity . marshall ( cont 'd ) that 's victory sweat . nancy eww . jare I only play five minute . Chloe approach -- chloe yay !! congratulation !!! woo-hoo !!! she hug Jared still hold she pom-pom . marshall ( light up be : Chloe ) and be not you something . another underrate component of the game . Nancy playfully hit she husband . marshall ( cont 'd ) Moral support . seriously . how high up be you just now ? 16 . nancy we be worried . what if they drop you ? Chloe take Jared 's hand . marshall you kid go to celebrate ? Marshall hold up a Ford key . it 's a big deal , he father give he the key to the car . marshall ( cont 'd ) it 's yours . ( off Jared 's surprise ) the dealership be put I ina new explorer Sport . you deserve it . have fun . Jared launch in to hug he dad . Chloe join . marshall ( cont 'd ) it be go to be for you birthday . congratulation . jare Wayne !! he hold up the key to he teammate and friend , Wayne . marshall no more people than it have seat belt . int . jare 's ‘02 ford mustang - night . arkansas . summer . a jammed car . just the opposite of what he father order . Jared and Chloe ride up front . in the back be two couple : Wayne and mindy , along with lance and Cheryl . as they pass park car , and kid walk , we see a lake in the b.g. kide be already stripping down and jump in . they park and everyone go to get out . Chloe pull Jared back for a kiss . after a couple of attempt he pull away . jare come on . 17 . ext . lake - night a sprawl of wet , undress youth all in bather or underwear . Jared strip down and head for he teammate who be already splash in the water . he pass - a flat - bed truck that be reverse close to the water 's edge . a couple of guy be try to set up speaker . meanwhile - Chloe and the girl undress more carefully , hang clothes in tree or fold they into neater pile . then the music blare , receive with a victorious cry . bring I to life - evanescence . another cheer ring out simply for the choice of song . through the open riff - the girl continue to undress while -— in the lake other kid start to ' air-drum 's to the song . Jared and he mate tune in too , all play they air guitar . then , as the song shift gear , Wayne splashes lance and the other and they start to wrestle and play - fight - Jared jump into the fray , grapple with Wayne , fully commit to the camaraderie . then - Wayne break free . wayne Holy .... dude . check it out . and then Jared turn to see - - what would normally make any teenage boy quiver immediately : Chloe in a white bra and panty , semi see - through when wet . she be full breast and wading , barely hip deep , in the water . the boy all stare - at the trio of girl : pure teenage fantasy wading in the lake . Jared turn back to the guy . wayne ( cont 'd ) bro . what 's wrong with you ? go. go . that 's the trophy . the guy all push Jared toward Chloe . it 's a slow approach . wayne ( cont 'd ) you know white be see through when it 's wet Chloe ? a few chuckle from the boy . 18 . chloe I hear that laugh before . I think on a documentary about hyenas ... that be retarded . and they retarded friend . Jared laugh like a goof at Chloe 's joke . wayne you may as well take it off , cause we can pretty much see it all . chloe shall I ..? okay ... ( she tease ) oh , but I would not want you guy to pollute the water with all you ... wayne say it . you can not even say it . chloe cum . shock . off Wayne 's expression she turn to the girl . chloe ( cont 'd ) see . he just do I bet . you guy actually have hard - on right now do not you ? blank expression . Wayne give a ' as if 's response . chloe ( cont 'd ) prove it ?! Long pause . Jared certainly do not have a hard - on but wonder if he should . Chloe will not let up . chloe ( cont 'd ) stand up properly . all of you . none of they be willing . finally lance go up on he tip - toe . we do not see it but Chloe must be right because mindy stifles a laugh and Cheryl turn away with a ' ewwww . 's lance drop back down into the water . he do not care . lance damned if you do . damned if you do not . then - Chloe splashes Jared , break the tension and they all start to wrestle , thrashing in the water . 19 . ext . lake - side beach bonfire - night Jared and Wayne by the bonfire . lance and Nick dress close by . Wayne offer sage advice on sex -— jare what 's it like ? wayne we have do it four time now . Jared nod . his friend be a expert . wayne ( cont 'd ) it 's pretty awesome dude . I have to say . I mean , I be sure it have be even better just relax on a nice bed instead of in the corner of a barn or in some dark closet with a actual real fear of get catch and shot by Mr. riggs . but - even still , it 's a-maze . ( beat ) it 's like be in a place you have be tell over and over be bad and then you get in there and you be like - ' how be this bad ? I wanna be in here forever . 's lance like White Castle . nick like eat a burger ?? lance nick ( cont 'd ) like shut up . you compare sex with a girl to eat shitty food . lance punch Nick and Nick return fire . soon they be up wrestle each other . Wayne and Jared . lance o.s. get off I , fag . faggot !! wayne it 's warm . and it give you this amazing great feel . jare I bet yeah ( more ) 20 . jare ( cont 'd ) wayne plus , man . listen . this whole no sex before marriage thing ... would you dad expect a customer to buy a car without test - drive it ? see . you almost have to try it . ( good point ) you will not wanna stop dude . seriously . try it . you will see . this land with Jared . the think that maybe sex with Chloe could make he snap out of he thought aim at man . he look across at she on opposite side of the fire . she have finish dress and wear he hoody . int / ext jared' ford / chloe 's family home - night elton John 's - '' sad song say so much " play as Jared pull up to Chloe 's family home . they hair be still wet . chloe go back behind the tree . jare I should get home . I - chloe we be fifteen minute early . he reverse so a large maple tree block the view from the house to the car . she immediately start to kiss he . Jared engage . then he eye open , look down -- a hand , Chloe 's hand , be on he thigh . he stop she . chloe ( cont 'd ) what ? I just wanna touch it . ( beat ) on the outside . Jared keep he hand on hers . chloe ( cont 'd ) if it 's not hard , I can make it hard . jare we should wait for that kind of - 20a . chloe I be not ask you to put it inside I , Jared . I just wanna feel it through you jeans ( more ) 21 . chloe ( cont 'd ) . Wayne and mindy have go all the way and they do not get strike by lightning or put in prison . Cheryl have put at least three in she mouth that I know of . jare Cheryl ? chloe I just wanna feel it . jare if we start that , then it 's gonna be hard to stop . I want to but should not we wait until , you know - chloe you ask I to marry you ? ( beat. silence ) that 's what my parent think should happen . to keep we together through college . Jared be at a loss for word . then Chloe try one more time . he stand he ground . she sit back defeat and open the door . chloe ( cont 'd ) what be wrong , Jared ? Jared be leave alone , aware this be a escalate issue . int . eamon family home - jare 's bedroom - day Jared , shirtless , stare at a screen . he type something quickly and bite he nail and check the door . circa 2004 download be not so fast so it start with the top inch of a man 's face then , five second later , the neck and bare shoulder . a slow motion strip tease . nancy o.s Jared honey ? Jared try to shut the screen but get the ' spin wheel 's the image be stick halfway . he try again but the image download one bar further . Nancy approach . think quick he turn the screen to black . nancy I be start a new painting . which one do you like best ( more ) 22 . nancy ( cont 'd ) she hold up two image ( both of the family ) . he pick one she stay there continue to look at the photo . jare Mom , I be get dress . on she way out . nancy make sure you pack for Dallas . I think you father want to go straight from church tomorrow . Nancy leave . do she see or not see the glisten muscular man in the underpant ad ? he bring the screen up again . the image , no longer enjoyable , be a just source of guilt . int . eamon family home - later Marshall sit at the breakfast table . Jared shuffles in dress in a similar shirt . Jared go to the fridge . marshall we will detail that car today . jare dad , seriously , it 's so awesome . marshall be you ready ? i’1l ride with you -- jare why be we actually go to Dallas ? marshall the architect have update the remodelling plan for the ministry and we be take a tour of two similar church there . jare do you think I could stay at Chloe 's when you go instead ? ( off Marshall 's look ) it 's okay . I can stay at Wayne 's or I nil just come . i’1l just come . marshall I be okay with you stay there , if they be . I think it 's a good idea ( more ) 23 . marshall ( cont 'd ) ext . eamon family home - day Jared and he father get in Jared 's car as Nancy wave to they . she be set up she easel and paint beside Marshall 's other hobby : a restore ' 65 chevy pick - up. marshall o.s. you be both mature kid . ext . industrial country road - day Jared 's car turn into the Ford dealership . int . eamonsr ford dealership - day Jared walk through the dealership follow he father . Jared shake Big Jim 's hand and be greet by other worker . marshall o.s . who know how to conduct themselves - marshall Big Jim . lead we in prayer today ? jim be proud to Captain . Jared . marshall o.s. - and who know by now how the world work . int . dealership floor - later there among the display car Jared , Jim , and four other CO - worker , lock arm in prayer . jim dear heavenly Father . thank you for this day fill with sunshine -- omitted int . lunch room - day Jared devour ' to kill a mockingbird 's over lunch -- 24 . marshall o.s. you gotta learn to take small step toward manhood , so that you do not have to run , panic , when it suddenly arrive . across the table , a voluptuous female employee eat lunch read a magazine . Jared share a awkward smile with she . omitted omitted int . first nation baptist ministry - day on Jared , flanke by Nancy , watch Marshall preach . marshall let 's see a show of hand -- Wayne , who sit next to Jared , palm he something . a condom . he wink . Jared be mortify . marshall ( cont 'd ) who know they be imperfect ? everyone 's hand go up . Jared swap the condom in he hand to comply with all the hand fire up in the air . marshall ( cont 'd ) and that that be ? no hand - a polite chuckle from the congregation — marshall ( cont 'd ) well , that seem like the perfect segue to my introduction . Jesus speak to I the day I see this man first speak , and say ' listen to , and learn from , this man . 's which I have do every week in this very church . he have help I immensely and give I the strength to start my own mission at Mountain Home . Jared catch eye with Chloe - 25 . marshall ( cont 'd ) he 's about as perfect as any man can get in this world and in he true service to the Lord . my mentor , pastor Lynn Marks . he pass the mic to the elder pastor . Marshall then sit in front of Jared and turn with a smile and a weird high - five / handshake . pastor wilk climb the stair . pastor everybody stand up . on you foot . and such be pastor wilk 's power : the congregation stand . int . chloe 's family home - night Jared sit for dinner with Chloe , she parent eric and brandy and she fifteen - year- old brother christopher . secretly , Chloe reach she leg out to touch Jared 's thigh . eric so a semester at lyon , and then Chloe be say you hope to bridge over to u.n.c by next year ? jare yes , sir . they have a great write program . journalism really interest I - eric well . we will have to find way to keep you guy connect . look all around . the conversation be load . omitted int . christopher' basement bedroom - night it 's dark . Jared sit up to check on a sleep Christopher . his phone receive a vibrate text -— chloe ‘??? come up 's 25a . jare ( texting back ) ' okay . ( more ) 26 . jare ( cont 'd ) int . stairwell - night Jared move ever so quietly up the stair . but then - christopher o.s. where you think you be go ? Jared freeze , turn to see Christopher . sprung . int . basement - night Jared play dynasty Warrior III with Christopher . the music be synthesize and upbeat . the character , Zhang , look like a asian rock prince , clad in purple silk , wear a slick hair top by a tiara . he swing a four pronge sword . christopher what do you think of he ? what 's - he -face , Zhang he , there with he girly crown and pony tail in the purple outfit move around like a dancer . jare yeah . it 's a bit much . christopher a bit gay do not you think ? Jared look at Christopher . christopher ( cont ’d ) do not you think ? they stare at each other . something share in the look . dangerous and also tender . there be a wisdom to Christopher for a young kid . the silence break only by a text message . christopher ( cont ’d ) you wanna go and fool around with my sister , I be not gonna stop you . hold. 26a . int . christopher' basement bedroom - night Jared stare at the ceiling , then finally turn to fall asleep . he 's give up the attempt mission . cuT to 27 . int . l.i.a. MAIN auditorium - afternoon ( present ) Jared stand back from he genogram and stretch . he make some note on he l.i.a. notebook . int . l.i.a. admin office - late afternoon Jared be hand a zip -lock bag contain he possession by Michael . Jared open he phone , just to check it . michael tomorrow at nine . Jared start to walk toward the exit , as Michael move back down the bowel of l.i.a . Jared turn , hold he moleskin . jare um. hey . you tore out the page - michael false imaging . Jared look at the book with the page crudely rip out . jare they be just ... storey . michael syke will decide that . ext . l.i.a . - afternoon Jared come out quietly fume , hold he bag of item . jon be on the step wait . Jared sit a little way off . jon whatever they take , you will probably get it back . do not sweat it . Jared try to let it go . jare be you in the military ? I see you salute . I think -- jon oh. that . no . I could do the whole handshake thing . I be just try zero contact what - so-ever . ( more ) 27a . jon ( cont 'd ) twenty - three day now . so I - ( he salute ) salute instead ( more ) 28 . jon ( cont 'd ) Jared nod awkwardly . jon ( cont 'd ) sure it do not feel like it right now maybe but you 's 1ll love it here . you get all sort but this group seem good . jare have you be here before ? jon it 's my second go round in the refuge Program . I start a couple day late last time and - ( beat ) I be actually wait for a place to open up in one of the house . jare what house ? jon down the back there , past the fence they get a couple house for the long-stayer . New hope house for the man . one for the woman too . ( point ) that other you see earlier today , most of they stay there . ( beat ) meanwhile , I be at the best western while I wait for my spot . assume you be stay at one of the local ' safe zone 's hotel with a relative too ? Jared take this in . jare how long will you stay for ? jon that 's not really up to I . syke decide - sometimes six month . or else a year . you eighteen ? jare just . yeah . jon then you can stay at the house . 28a . off Jared 's look - 29 . jon ( cont 'd ) nobody explain that to you ? this be just a assessment program , the refuge . to see what to do with you next . just then - the door open and out walk Sarah flanke by Aaron on one side and a older man , possibly a stepfather , on the other . everyone watch as she get ' put 's in the car like a escort prisoner . jon take it in . jon ( cont 'd ) should 'a see she arrive this morning . she will be fine . like I say : ' all sort . 's some be ready for it . some not . this hang . be Jared there by choice or by force ? he catch eye with Gary who lean against the fence . jon ( cont 'd ) lean into it man . it 's the only way to do it and win . s’only way it 's possible . just lean in . ( beat ) and it be possible . if you be on you heel you will lean too far away and fall backwards into hell again . no point not lean in when you get give the chance . Jared absorb jon 's optimism . he already have identify he as someone to look up to . jare yeah . no. I be excited to be here . suddenly Nancy pull up and lean out the window - nancy hey ! how be it ? be it fun and interesting ? Jared stand up , a little embarrassed . she wave to jon - nancy ( cont 'd ) hi. I be the Mom . ( no response ) I ’1l1 turn around . Nancy start the turn as Jared get set to leave - 30 . jare you need a ride ? I think we be just near the best western . jon someone 's on they way to grab I . thanks though . and do not sweat the thing they take . lean in . think of the bigger picture . he salute from he perch and Jared start off - Jared pass cameron who get into he dad 's suburban s.u.v . at a first glimpse , cameron 's dad , a wealthy man , look like a ex-football player . jare see ya cameron . cameron turn sweetly , flatter to be acknowledge . but he father turn sharply to assess Jared . int . nancy'' car - afternoon Nancy 's car pull onto the highway , into the dimming Memphis sunlight , toward the glow row of cheap hotel light . Jared wind down the window and put he arm out , dance in the breeze . nancy please do not do that . I have tell you that make I nervous . what if a truck come and ... jare that be never go to happen . nancy it 's happen before . it have . he pull he arm back in and wind the window up . int . hampton inn and suite restaurant - dusk / night Jared and he mother eat . she keep look at he . Jared put he fork down decisively as if to say ' what ? 's -- nancy well ? I wanna know about you day ( more ) 31 . nancy ( cont 'd ) jare we be not mean to talk about it outside of group . nancy I do not need gossip . you can speak generally . jare I be go to lean into it . and there be some good people , and yeah . I like it . they go back to eat , Nancy relieved . he seem happy . Jared think a beat and finally take a piece of paper from he pocket and place it beside Nancy 's plate . jare ( cont 'd ) do we have people in the family who have issue with any of this stuff . Nancy examine it , get she read glass . nancy ' pornography ? 's the people at the booth behind turn and she lower she voice . nancy ( cont 'd ) ' drug . 's ' gang affiliation ?!’ what be this ? jare I need to know for homework . nancy gang affiliation ? omitted int . hampton inn and suite hallway - dusk / night Jared and he mother walk the long hall to the room . nancy o.s . why do the family matter ? we family be so ... normal . as Nancy enter the room , Jared clock Sarah and she stepfather a little way down the hall 32 . int . hampton inn and suite room - night Jared put he schedule on the wall . he take he l.i.a. handbook and homework and pile they on the nightstand . he weigh he own book he bring for the stay -- now certainly ' off limit . 's about to place they in the trash , he think better of it and pile they over on he mother 's nightstand . Nancy enter from the bathroom and place a piece of paper on the top of he l.i.a. handbook : Jared 's genogram homework . nancy sleep well . Big day tomorrow . as she walk away , he examine the paper . nancy ( cont 'd ) I be only with the gang for a year or so ... until I go down for drug , and get send to prison . jare ha ha . Jared lean over and switch off the lamp . then after a pause in the near darkness we hear - nancy o.s. I put you uncle Victor down there . we never see he . he move to Louisiana . we always figure he might have be ... well , he be very feminine - like you might say . Jared stare at the ceiling , the trace of light outline he face . syke o.s. what be a real man ? int . l.i.a. MAIN auditorium - morning close on jare 's genogram . it now have a handful of ' a 's add and ' dm 's in both grandparent line . and a new bold addition ... uncle victor -- ' h.’ ( homosexuality ) syke o.s. what define a ' real 's man ? Close on cameron 's child - like draw of he dad : brutish . 33. syke o.s. ( cont ’d ) perhaps be close to the flame of hell and find you way back forges a great strength -- Jared and the other pin they work to the back wall . from he position near the big open door , Jared can see the fence line outside : a big black chevy pickup park outside . omitted int . l.i.a. MAIN auditorium - day Close on the member of the group as they keenly watch the ' newcomer . 's syke o.s. and if so ... if this be not a real man , I do not know what be . syke be almost too excited to introduce they guest staff member . and we finally see he - syke meet brandon Ellis . there be no mistake , brandon be a hard man , who 's live a hard life , and walk a hard road . that 1 % that make most self - proclaim man feel ' less than . 's syke ( cont 'd ) over to you brandon . syke try a tough - guy handshake . it be comfortable on brandon . not with syke . brandon thanks syke . mighty kind of you and ... God bless . ( beat ) a ' real man 's to I be a man of God first and foremost . I be a man of God no doubt . but , I be not once . if I be ever list on my own son 's genogram - God forbid I be and that he be here - in that comment we see not just brandon 's thinly veile disgust for homosexuality 34 . brandon ( cont 'd ) - but if I be : drugs. violence . prison time . gang crime ... I would have so many letter next to my name , it would look like qualification from some university . ( pause for effect ) and I actually believe that to be true . I be qualified to be here , not maybe because I have ever have the kind of thought and feeling that y'all be wrestle with . or that you other guidance counselor have overcome . there be the disgust again . plus it dawns on Jared that most of the staff may be ex-gay . he steal a look at syke . brandon ( cont 'd ) but I have have all sort of my own trial that take I so far from the Lord , it be a true miracle that I be stand here before you . but I be . int . l.i.a. short bus - day Jared and the gang all ride the short bus . brandon and syke flank the aisle near the front . Aaron drive . we be not sure where they be head . Jared turn for a moment and look down the aisle - perhaps to see jon . int . outdoor football field - day the whole group be in a line . brandon move along spread the guy 's stance wider , and correct posture while syke and Aaron and the girl sit on the concrete bleach . brandon stand . lean . sitting . it 's all the same idea . triangles be the strongest shape . this . ( he show a wide stance ) not this . ( a narrow one ) okay , hand or hand on hip . go. brandon clap and each boy / man lift they hand to hip in they own manner . it 's a drill they be be subject to 35 . brandon ( cont 'd ) ( to what he see ) finger forward not backwards s'just the way it be . elbow out . not back . s’just the way it be . triangles . triangles . syke watch with he hand on he hip . not exactly the picture of manliness , he adjust he own elbow out a little . brandon ( cont 'd ) think of the shape you be make and ask yourself ... ' be this a manly shape I be make ? 's or , ' be this a girly or a feminine shape ? 's on Sarah frown . she be sit this one out . but she will serve another purpose . brandon ( cont 'd ) Sarah ? I want you to arrange this guy in a line in term of masculinity if you will . least to most . Jared and the other look around , wonder where they might fall on the line . Sarah tentatively start in on the task . brandon ( cont 'd ) myself , and other alcoholics and addict put they faith in aa . get familiar with this phrase - ( beat ) ' Fake it until you make it . 's Sarah struggle in decide who be on what side of the manly evolutionary chain of l.i.a . syke do it Sarah . do not think . just do . syke 's authority seem diminish by the mere presence of brandon , the clear biological ruler here . Jared be move along by Sarah . he be place somewhere in the middle next to Gary . they share a awkward friendly nod . Sarah have place Lee at one end and jon and then cameron at the ' most 's end . cameron get the crown . Sarah stand back and brandon step forward . he walk the line start with Lee ... he face hide nothing in he confuse assessment of Lee . as he complete the line - 36 . brandon perrrr-etty good . brandon move to face cameron , who stand at least five inch taller than he . he read he ' sticker 's name tag . brandon ( cont 'd ) so. you think ' cameron 's here win ? ( beat ) you think be big and tall and overeate immediately just put a guy at the front of the line ? brandon let it hang then move away address the group . cameron , relieved to have brandon out of he personal space . brandon ( cont 'd ) in prison I know man who could shop at gap for kid , by that I mean little guy , who be pound for pound tougher than any linebacker . swear to the mighty Lord . ( aside ) now , Jesus be a tough dude . do not get I start on that . he look up at cameron . tries to make eye contact . brandon ( cont 'd ) it 's more than triangle and posture and genetics . he offer to shake cameron 's hand , to which cameron offer a ' limp 's shake . brandon cast it aside with disgust . brandon ( cont 'd ) firm handshake . Eye contact . not too much . look at woman at the right time . the wrong time too . meanwhile he push cameron fourth down the line . brandon ( cont 'd ) no offense son . all a process . Fake it . make it . jon now take the prize of ' manliest . 's brandon offer a hand shake . jon want to ... but he 's on he ' no - touch 's promise . after a tense pause , he offer one of he salute . brandon ( cont 'd ) military man . g’bless son ( more ) 37 . brandon ( cont 'd ) ext . baseball batting cage — day Jared and the other line up outside of a bat cage fence . we hear the ball be shot out and the grunt of - Simon , who miss the ball , then miserably hit the second . brandon who you be on the inside can be affect by the outside . next . Lee look bewilder , realize it 's time to step up to the plate . Simon hand Lee the helmet . brandon ( cont 'd ) outside in . Fake it till you make it . adapt to survive . Lee enter as brandon slide another coin into the slot . there be a terrible anticipation and the first ball come shoot out . Lee startles . brandon ( cont 'd ) and you kid and folk , be what you be afflict with -- Lee spin disorient by the second . then the third make awful body contact , tilting the helmet from Lee . brandon ( cont 'd ) - better learn how to survive . become the man you be not . Jared see brandon smirk , amused , and unwilling to turn off the machine . Lee be swamp and scared . Gary go in to help . brandon ( cont 'd ) when you be in a prison , you would surprise yourself -- on Jared absorb all this as we hear - metallic noise . gun in fact . gun be load . chk.chk . magazine be lock . chk . firing bolt be rack . ext . flat bed truck - day ( flashback - 2002 ) a array of hunting rifle place on the flatbe tray . there be four in total , lay side by side . 37a . brandon o.s. what you can do to fit in ( more ) brandon 0.s. ( cont 'd ) 38-39 . the rifle be grab by they various owner . ext . forest - day ( 2002 ) Big Jim , Marshall , Jared and a FOURTH man edge along a river , deeper into the wood . they split into two group . - later , Jared follow Marshall , pull up to rest . Marshall urge he on . a shot volley out over the valley . Jared look back . ext . forest - day Jared help Jim and he father winch a dead buck onto the back of one of Jim 's truck 40 . int . carmen 's stop - afternoon Jared , dress in he hunt gear , finish off he fries as he sit alone . Marshall be at the counter with he glass on pay the check and use easy charm with the waitress . beside Jared 's table be a young man , barely 25 , he three kide and young wife . there be also two man sit at a window booth that Jared particularly notice . just then - cheryl , who work in the diner , come up to the table . cheryl hey Jared . jare oh. Cheryl . hey . cheryl y'daddy 's pickin’ up everyone 's check again . so sweet . he 's even pay for that two queer - jare you think they be ...? cheryl they have to be . actually quite nice though . Marshall , now shaking hand with the old man , call Jared over . he 's ready to leave . Jared pass the male couple , make eye contact with one of they . a awkward smile . ext. / int carmen 's stop / marshall's truck - day once in , Marshall take a pile of religious pamphlet from the glove compartment . on one he write a bible reference Roman 1:27 . marshall there be two man sit by the window . I just pay for they lunch . tell they I would appreciate they take a look at this paper and this verse . for they sake . Jared want to ask why , but be unable . he know . 40a . marshall ( cont 'd ) Men commit shameful act with other man and receive in themselves the due penalty for they error . int . carmen 's stop - day Jared walk back into the diner . he look to where the man enjoy they lunch . Jared look out the window to where he father 's truck be in clear view , watch . he move in they direction hold the pamphlet behind he back . jare you guy travel ? man 1 we be on we way to a wedding in New Orleans . jare oh. cool. um ... my father ... my father just pay for you lunch . the two man look strangely at this kid in hunt gear . man 1 what 's the catch ? jare nothing . just ... he 's out there - the two man wave out the window . he pocket the flyer . man 1 well . tell he thank you . jare yes Sir . safe travel . man 1 thank you . int . marshall's truck - later Jared get back into the truck . Marshall be stare at he . after a long silence -- marshall what do they say ? 40b . jare they say to say thank you . the moment hang . do he know that Jared fail the task ? ext . gravel road /l.i.a. compound - day foot hit gravel . Jared and the new group run in a somewhat military formation with brandon as they commander . Aaron follow they drive the short bus . int . hampton inn and suite - day Jared brushes he tooth - he shirt be off . he examine a bruise on the back of he shoulder : a baseball strike ? but he enjoy the wound , like a new sense of he manhood . then - he catch himself with one hand on he hip . he clamp down on the tooth brush and stand ala brandon : two hand on hip ; hand back ; leg wide - proudly fake it . soon Nancy join and they both brush side by side . int . l.i.a. MAIN auditorium - day the word '' Fake it till you make it '' write on the board . then - syke step into frame , peruse - the bewilder face of the group stare back . syke o.s. Moral inventory . ( beat ) now the real work start . catalogue you sin and ask God 's forgiveness for you wrong . Sarah -- Sarah hesitates to get out of she chair . she finally do and pass Aaron who be set a video camera on a tripod . his secondary task here seem to record significant event . CUT to : Sarah face the group , read from a handful of papers . she be mid-flow . it be painfully awkward hearing she read . she be try to motor through it as fast as humanly possible . sarah .-.. and it be there that I have sinful thought of other girl ( more ) 41 . sarah ( cont 'd ) - I would look at other girl in the change room before gym . and in the shower . my biggest sin be one that I be also thankful for because it have lead I to Love in action . ( beat ) I have run away from my uncle 's house and stay with some girl I know whose parent be away . and it be there that for a few day I finally act on my homosexual thought . ( breathes ) I renounce this sinful thought and action and I ask God to forgive I all this thing - Jared watch . he know that he will be up there soon cataloge he own sin . omitted int . l.i.a. MAIN auditorium - day syke set up the ' lie chair 's exercise . two empty chair face each other : a role- play exercise . Sarah take one of the seat , wait with dread . syke o.s. go Sarah . there he be in that chair -- CUT to : we smash right into the exercise . Jared watch Sarah be berate by syke to engage with a invisible family figure . Sarah grip the side of she chair . White knuckle . syke - stare right back at you . he be not . opposite she be literally a empty chair . Jared turn to check on jon , who lean forward in he chair . Gary beside he , lean back bite he nail . syke ( cont 'd ) there he be . use you word . spit they out with purpose . personal pronoun like I say . ' you 's wronge I . ' you 's show I sin . ( more ) 42 . syke ( cont 'd ) but Sarah keep think . paralyze . syke ( cont 'd ) do not over think it . nobody 's judge Sarah . but God be watch . sarah I be try ... syke he 's watch . and he 's wait . sarah I be try to find the right word . syke unleash a trial mock tirade on the empty chair . syke ' you wronge I . you wronge I uncle ...’ what be he name ? sarah Joe . syke ' you wronge I uncle Joe -- you take I into the care of you home and lock I up for --- sarah it be two of they . Joe and leila . syke ' you wronge I uncle Joe and aunt - ( stop himself ) Aaron ? bring I that empty chair . Aaron hustle and syke put it next to the other empty chair . two chair for two imaginary people . behind he we hear a laugh . he swivel , catch Tina with a smirk . syke ( cont ’d ) you think this be funny Tina ? you think the reason y’all be here be funny ? take this exercise seriously . do not waste my time . each other 's time . God 's time . we be try to help you . he click he finger in front of Sarah . 42a . syke ( cont 'd ) ' you wronge I uncle Joe and aunt leila . 's go ! ( more ) 43. syke ( cont 'd ) we wait for Sarah to go ... instead she start to tear -up . syke ( cont ’d ) yes . yes . let it out . sarah leila be not my aunt . she be my cousin that live with uncle Joe . syke ( sigh ) alright . let 's take a break . he check he watch . Aaron turn off the camera . syke ( cont 'd ) Sarah can try again tomorrow . every day , two of you will walk into the arc like noah 's animal . and get refuge from damnation . this be the ticket of entry . no free ride . he tap the empty chair and meet with Michael who have a urgent issue . syke turn , concerned . omitted int . l.i.a. MAIN auditorium - day it 's tea break , Jared walk over to a shake Sarah . jare you want anything ? I be make a cup of tea . she shake she head , and as he walk away she stop he - sarah you be at the hampton right ? I see you there . ( off he look ) Seven o'clock can you meet I by the ATM in the dining area . bring you phone . please . Jared nod and move away , conflict by the encounter . through the open door Jared see syke with two parent . it 's somewhat heat : admonishment by the father . then we see Lee , backpack on . the father turn on syke -- 44 , lee' dad o.s. we tell you that !! unacceptable . as syke move back toward the door , everyone disperse . int . hampton inn and suite restaurant - night ( present ) Jared and Nancy eat dinner , Jared scarfing down food while do he l.i.a. homework and refer to the handbook . headphone on , he flick through he moleskin with the rip out page . we see he note -- Moral inventory and ... without go into ' graphic detail , 's catalogue all immoral and sexual experience & he add ... ' how you come to be at l.i.a .? ' he check he watch . almost seven -- int . hallway - moment later Jared walk into the hallway lead to the bathroom . it be empty apart from the ATM . then the bathroom door open up and Sarah peek through . see Jared she march over covertly and put she hand out . he hand she he phone and just as quickly she disappear into the bathroom . he wait . awkwardly . that 's when he see - syke , with a woman and kid , age six and four . they move into the restaurant . seemingly , a average american family . Jared nervously hide behind the ATM and wait guiltily . what be he do ? what if he get catch ? finally Sarah emerge wiping she eye . she hand Jared the phone and utter - sarah do not you dare tell anyone . Jared watch she sneak away like she be never even there . int . hampton inn and suite dine room - moment later Jared gather he thing , aware of syke 's presence . jare I will finish this in my room . you ready ? ( more ) 44a . jare ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) the head guy be here ( more ) 45 . jare ( cont 'd ) and Jared be go . Nancy follow but look around wonder : ' why be that a bad thing ? 's syke , hearing clatter , look up . do he see Jared ? int . hampton inn and suite - night in the room , Jared sit on he bed . we push in on he , know what he homework be . the building intro of - the Red hot chili pepper - ' can not stop . 's we see Jared 's pen move over a fresh page . he write ' henry . 's henry o.s . yo. I get you pal . int . stairwell , lyon college - day ( flashback , fall 2003 ) 55 Music , emanate from a nearby room continue over -- Jared be struggle up some stair with two full drawer . thing have start to fall and topple when a fit and tan guy , Henry , bound up the stair toward he . perfect timing . henry here . I can take the top stuff . Jared accept the help with a awkward thanks . Henry look in a drawer as he carry it . it be mainly full of book . henry ( cont 'd ) which room ? just learn a bunch of thing about you in half a second look in this drawer by the way . jare oh yeah ? I be in three - four-six . henry I be in two - three -seven . you run ? people who run know about asic . there be asic on Jared 's foot . henry ( cont 'd ) I see you unload from that car with the razorback sticker . you from Arkansas ? I be there a lot ( more ) 46 . henry ( cont ’d ) int . jare ’'s dorm room 346 - moment later the room have a double bunk bed . there be no one else there . henry first one in get to choose . you get a girl ? if so you might wanna apply for a room without bunk . jare just break up . henry ( wink ) good timing . before college . they head for the door . henry o.s. I get cousin in Mountain Home . ext . lyon college , arkansas - dusk Jared and Henry go for a run . we be behind they . title card : henry Jared and Henry at one end of the run , sweat heavily and gasp for air . they occasionally look at each other . henry we be a good fit . hate run with slow poke . or speed freak . ( beat ) tell you what . Race you on the way back . last one back have to go to the other one 's church . serious . jare why ? what kind of church be it ? henry you game or not ? Jared smile goofily 47 . henry ( cont 'd ) ready ? after three . one , two , Three , go ! CUT to : int . the healing hand pentacostal church - day the open power chord of a Christian rock band 's opener . Jared and Henry sit among many young people who throw they hand in the air , cheering . a pentecostal Church meeting in full swing . more a party than a service . lead singer get on you foot for Jesus . everyone stand and Henry do too . Jared be a beat behind like a guilty outside observer . his dad would hate this kind of worship . Henry offer Jared a hand to stand . Jared stand and watch as Henry , euphoric , cuff the young teen in front of he and let out a ' whoop . 's henry ( beam ) radical huh ? the minister , the young charismatic frank , 35 , on the stage — frank let 's sing it for Jesus -- henry / everyone amen / amen ! Henry put he manly arm around Jared who allow himself to smile and start to enjoy it . he relax and put he arm around Henry too . it 's a brotherly embrace that feel safe in this environment . but -- the music turn to something synthesize and ominous . ext . lyon college campus - night Jared and Henry on a run , jog around tree , deflect cherry blossom tree branch to cut a smoother line . later - 47a . at the end of they run , they stare at each other as they stretch and search for oxygen . Jared try a smile . but it 's a little long and Henry frown , a tad suspicious 48 . int . jare 's dorm room 346 - later that ominous music be a synthetic loop from tom clancy splinter cell . Jared and Henry be still dress in sweat . we see from behind as Jared control the game and Henry watch , sip a beer . a lone player make he way through the green and blue glow of a underground concrete facility . Jared steal a look at Henry 's face , glow in the screen 's light . Henry check he watch . sip he beer . he 's tired . henry y’said you roommate 's not come back till tomorrow ? jare on some golf trip . you wanna crash ? Jared move to turn off the game . henry you keep play . Henry get up and we hear the sound of Henry climb up the bunk ladder . Jared watch , turn down the sound and then go back to he game , conflict . he 's attract it 's clear . but Henry be straight and Jared have zero experience with anyone . jare o.s. be I in trouble ? int . l.i.a. admin office - day ( present ) tight on Jared 's face as a door open and shut 0.s. jare have I do something wrong ? michael o.s. here he come now . syke o.s. Morning Jared . 48a . syke sit carry a file . his demeanor be supremely casual and friendly . not the ' man on show 's he be in the group session . the only sound be a tick clock 49 . syke no reason to be worried . around day three I just check in with the new recruit . see how they be get along . Little private chat . a poster behind syke link aids to homosexual deviant behavior draw Jared 's attention for a moment . syke ( cont ’d ) so , how be it go for ya ? jare it 's good . I be find it all ... helpful , yeah . syke how be you Moral inventory come along ? be you ready ? you wanna go today ? dive right in ? jare oh ... I , um .. I have like to watch a couple more people do theirs I think , if that 's okay . I have not complete everything yet . syke pull out a handful of papers from he file : Jared 's journal storey . he select a page and hold it up . syke what be this ? jare it 's a story . syke it 's a love story about a boy and a girl . be you think about two boy when you write this ? ( hold ) be this a true story ? jare no . it 's just a story . ( off syke ) will I be able to get they back ? they be assignment for college . 49a . syke yes , I notice you list of book here . a read list I assume . ( hold it up ( more ) 50 . syke ( cont 'd ) some of this book -- consider everything that 's go on for you , I wonder if this be really the right thing for you to be pursue at all . perhaps a year with we be a better use of you time . something to think about . this trouble Jared , but he nod . syke read he , he eye narrowing a little and then the smile return - syke ( cont 'd ) listen . I want you to know , I have have conversation with you parent in the lead up to you be here , and I know a little of you story somewhat . ( smile ) I know there be discrepancy from what you parent be tell and what you have say to they . and they be really unsure what to believe . but , I know there be a bigger story . or storey . right ? we be not here base on mere thought alone . ( beat ) you know , the one that get the most out of this , be the one who be brave . the one who fess up to what God already see , Jared . his friendly concern have somehow take on the air of threat . syke ( cont ’d ) you really gotta put it all on the table here . that way we can really assess what be the best future for you . int / ext . hallway / syke 's office - day slow motion : Jared walk out . we read he disappointment -— gary o.s. dear heavenly father , today I ask you forgiveness for my sin . Jared take the corner 51 . gary 0.s. ( cont ’d ) for a year we live under the cover of be ' roommate 's though we be not use separate room . int . l.i.a. MAIN auditorium - day Gary go through the process of read he Moral inventory . he have tear stream he face . to the side - Aaron be filming with he small mount camera . gary much like a normal couple we live that way and for a time ... it feel normal ... until my family discover the truth . but I be fool myself . be fool . I be seduce into sin ... by all sort of sinful people ... I know in my heart I have forsaken Jesus for Satan . Jared listen , frown . this just seem like a regular , caring relationship be describe . he look across to jon who we can see have a minor black eye . jon will not engage . gary ( cont 'd ) but I be awake to my sin . I can not believe the disgusting person that I once be . I ask -- the haunt synthetic music of ' splinter cell 's pulse -- syke o.s. lesbian . Gay . bi -- int . l.i.a. auditorium - day on the board be a circle with several word inside of it : Marriage , Children , family , support , caring . in a oppose circle be another list : rape , child molestation , promiscuity , aids , loneliness , zero child -- syke write heterosexual over the ' good / life 's circle , and ' homosexual 's and lgbtq over the other . he add ' d' and 's p 's as well , literally as a joke . 51a . syke transgender , queer ... dolphin ... pandas , unicorn . cupcake . so much choice over here ( more ) 52 . syke ( cont 'd ) it 's design to make everyone laugh , and most do not but Jared and jon do . syke add ' death 's above the circle . syke ( cont 'd ) talk about one way to ruin you dollar bill . to burn it by fall right back into hell . inviting this behavior into you life -- move in on Jared as the ' splinter cell 's theme riff . we will recognize it and it will take we back to - int . jare ’'s dorm room 346 - night ( flashback ) we be take back to the night Henry crash in Jared 's dorm . Jared play alone for a beat but then finish a game and turn the console off , casting the room into darkness . later - Jared be lie on he bunk , still awake . noise come from the spring above : Henry move . turn . after a while jare can not sleep , huh ? ( no answer ) probably should not run so late at night . then the figure of Henry jump down in the darkness . a weird moment of pause as Jared turn to look at he silhouette . henry um ... Jared frown . something in the air . then - suddenly , Henry lunge forward and clamp a hand over Jared 's mouth . almost gently the command come - henry ( cont 'd ) shhhh . shut up . in a weird and almost silent flurry , Jared be force to flip over by Henry . his sweat be pull down and Henry be on he . during the rapid and silent rape Jared 's head be knock against the upright strut arm of the bunk . then it be over . Henry recede . and all we hear be - 52a . henry o.s. damn it . ( more ) 53 . henry 0.s. ( cont 'd ) hold on Jared . paralyze . his forehead trickle blood . -- we hear Henry climb back up on the top bunk . Jared be confuse . what the hell just happen ? we hold on this for the longest time . until - Henry start to cry . finally , Jared move ever so slightly . henry 0.s. ( cont 'd ) what be wrong with I ? what the hell be wrong with I ? Jared roll over onto he back . he listen to Henry cry . henry 0.s. ( cont 'd ) I be go to be in so much trouble . jare be you okay ? henry oh man . jare Henry ? ( beat ) have you do that before ? silence . Long . henry I need to confess . I be go to have to ... will you hear I ? can you keep this between we ? Jared think and utter ' mmhmm . 's and Henry jump down . he sit on Jared 's bed . Jared do not move . henry ( cont 'd ) I be so sorry . hold . henry ( cont 'd ) remember that kid from church . the one in front of we ..? int . jare 's dorm room 346 - morning Jared wake . cautiously he stand to see - 54 . Henry have go . the bunk be neatly make , and there 's a note -— when Jared unfold it , it merely say - '' run @ 6 ? " the door open , startling he : the roommate , carry golf club , back from he trip . they exchange ' hellos 's . int . lyon college , auditorium - day Jared sit in a class as it be fill up . we push in on he . later - he sit alone in the now empty space . later - he sit outside against a wall , alone . omitted omitted ext . track , lyon college - dusk Henry limber up . stretch for he run . he look around for Jared : a no-show . he begin texting . then - jare o.s. hey. sorry . henry think you be not come . jare I nearly have to head home . Henry - curious . Jared start to stretch . jare ( cont 'd ) it 's all good . my aunt 's a bit sick . I will probably head back in the morning for a couple day . henry let 's stretch and pray . ( off he expression ) why not ? for you aunt . Henry take a knee , but it double as a quad stretch . henry ( cont 'd ) dear heavenly Father ... ( more ) 55 . henry ( cont ’d ) ext . lyon college , campus - night Jared and Henry run at a medium jog . we follow behind . henry v/o we pray that you remove all obstacle from we path . they take a bend . henry v/o ( cont 'd ) and we give thanks for we freedom , for we youth , and we health , whereas other be less fortunate . we continue to lead they now as Henry look across to Jared . it be clear he be concerned for Jared 's withdrawal . henry v/o ( cont 'd ) we pray for Jared 's aunt , that she May be restore to health and we dedicate this run to she recovery . int . jare 's ford mustang - day Jared drive he car . we be behind he . henry v/o we run guide by you love and lift by you spirit . each step a prayer that all of you child share the same abundance . the pair move down a rise and disappear into darkness . int . lyon college , hallway - day Henry move with a purpose . a swagger . we follow as he raise a flip cell phone to he ear . henry / jare v/o amen . amen . ext . jare 's family home - day Jared get out of he car and move to the house where he be greet with great warmth by he mother 56 . int . lyon college , hallway - day Henry on the phone -— henry yo . hey , you remember a kid call Jared eamon ? Ginger haire kid . you year at St. martin ? int . eamon family kitchen - day Jared dump he bag as he move through the house . henry o.s. I be look to get a hold of he . int . lyon college , hallway - day Henry walk the hall dial a new number . int . jared' bedroom - day Jared take he sneaker off and turn on he computer . the faint 0.s. sound of a phone ringing . int . eamon family kitchen - day the phone ring in the kitchen . we follow Nancy as she wipe she hand and move to answer . nancy hello ? int . / ext . hallway / lyon college courtyard - day Henry open the wide door to the college courtyard where hundred of kid enjoy the sun . henry hi . be that missus Nancy eamon ? int . eamon family kitchen - day Nancy be chirpy but somehow sense something ominous . 56A . nancy this be she . who be I speak to ( more ) 57 . nancy ( cont 'd ) we hear Henry 's mumble voice on the other end of the line . we move in on Nancy 's ' not so great 's portrait of the family , now hang on the wall . nancy ( cont 'd ) yes ? what about he ? int . eamon family home / jared' room - afternoon Jared sit on he bed read . a knock come to the door . marshall o.s. Jared ? something in the tone of he voice make Jared concerned . int . eamon family live room - night we smash into a fierce family argument . Jared be at war with he father . under interrogation . Nancy be the bystander . jare marshall do he give you a name ? answer my question ?! jare if he give you a name ... I be just say , why would not he give you -— marshall answer I . be you do all the thing he say ? jare do he give you he name ? marshall enough . I command you - jare - command I all you want . I be ask question too . Marshall make a move toward Jared . nancy he do not give I he name . ( waver ) I do not think . 57a . they both look to Nancy 58 . jare the guy be full of shit ! marshall Nancy . leave the room . jare I will leave the room . marshall no . you sit down . jare it 's bullshit , dad . marshall language ! nancy marshall ( cont 'd ) he just say ' counselor 's . I ( a warning ) ask for he name -- -- Nancy . nancy --- and a number but ... jare marshall see. nancy ! Nancy start to retreat . finally she leave . jare I can not believe this . Marshall try a new tactic , try to focus the conversation . marshall okay son ... let 's sit and talk calmly . man to man . jare no. dad , because it 's -- marshall -- be it true ? he say you have be ... that you be a homosexual . Jared sigh deeply . he get up and move for the door . marshall ( cont 'd ) hey . we be not finish . 58a . jare I be . because you will not listen ( more ) 59 . jare ( cont 'd ) Jared try to go to he room . Marshall try to intercept he . Nancy watch from the hallway . Jared try to force the door shut which result in a physical battle now with he father . the door hit Marshall 's face , knock he backwards and bring renew fury . Marshall force Jared against the wall . marshall jare ( cont 'd ) answer I ! what this man ( correct ) say ... - what this full - of - shit guy who be not a counselor and - marshall be it true ? jare marshall ( cont 'd ) who do not have the spine to Son !! give he own name - jare who rape a kid at he pentacostal church group . and ... God know who else . Marshall , still grip he son , but be rattle into stillness . jare ( cont 'd ) dad , you be hurt I . question rage in he father 's grip . but the think of hurt he son wake he from the attack . jare ( cont 'd ) dad . it 's not true . the guy be lie . I can tell you -- as Marshall slowly release , Jared step forward . he take in he mother and father flanking he . jare ( cont 'd ) his name be Henry wallace . he 's not a counselor . he 's a student too . he tell I he do some bad thing . ( beat ) I think he think I be go to tell on he . pause . the dust settles finally . but , Marshall 's radar be tune to the fact that he do not have all the information 60 . int . bedroom —- night Jared be play a game on he playstation 2 : final doom - level 9 with its dread fill pipe-organ theme track . roaming the pit , he blast demon soldier and fiery skull with a double barrel shotgun . Computer blood flow freely . he be deep in bury he reality when he father walk in . marshall you mother be make dinner . jare I be okay . I be not hungry . he pause the game as Marshall set down a note pad and pen . marshall I want you to write down this boy 's name and the name of this pentecostal Church . if he do what you say then it need to be report . jare I do not want you to talk to he . marshall I think this matter be a little too important for we to get into the business of protect anyone . Jared look at the paper and pen . Marshall move to leave . marshall ( cont 'd ) Eric be come over tomorrow to discuss rewiring for the new ministry . ( beat ) I extend the invitation to Chloe and brandy too . I would appreciate it if you stick around another - jare I really should get back . marshall if you can miss one day of class , I be sure one more be not go to end the world . ( beat ) ( more ) 60a . marshall ( cont 'd ) why do you come back in the first place ? mid-week ? the way he ask it still feel like he mistrust he son 61 . marshall ( cont 'd ) you know there be nothing like the feel of ... be with a woman . if you know what it be like - jare dad . it 's not true . Jared go to put he head phone on . marshall you know what I think about that kind of game too . Marshall leave . distract , Jared be swamp by soldier . game over . he sit in silence for a moment and then - Jared explode . the close thing we have see to rage . he rip the cord from the controller out of the system and throw it across the room . int . eamon family kitchen - night Marshall look at he ministry architectural plan while Nancy prep dinner . a somber mood . Broken as - Jared enter and drop the entire game system on the table , cord and all . bam . jare you want I to stop with the game ? his parent be puzzle . jare ( cont 'd ) ok ... i’1l stop with they . pause . jare ( cont 'd ) I do not want to see chloe. ( beat ) we break up . and he exit , leave he parent confuse . but then - moment later he be back --- jare ( cont 'd ) we break up because ... I think I be . in fact , I be pretty sure that I be - 61a . Jared be try to find the word . it 's hard , but he 's go to stay until the message get across . finally 62 . Marshall swoops up he architect plan , and leave the room . there be a long pause . until Nancy awkwardly pipe up . nancy be you sure honey ? int . jare 's room - family home - night Jared be watch through a crack in the door . he see - in the kitchen he father sit , embrace he mother . then he hear a car and move to the window . he be alarmed to see - two man approach the house : Big Jim and pastor wilk . Marshall walk to greet they . it 's definitely conspiratorial . and it 's definitely something to do with Jared . he move to the landing to watch they enter the house , careful to avoid be see . marshall thanks for come jim. pastor . int . l.i.a. office - afternoon ( present ) the daily pick -up . Jared go to collect he cell phone as jon be leave the pick - up area , already have take he . we see that bruise eye more closely . jon nod goodbye . ext . hampton inn and suite parking lot - afternoon Jared and Nancy in profile shuffle back after a long day . Jared 's eye catch something and he stop briefly . the best western sign . he and jon be neighbor . int . hampton inn and suite room - night Jared stand at the window stare at the blue and yellow light tower of the best western : jon 's temporary home . nancy o.s . we be try a new place . ext . hampton inn and suite , parking lot - morning we follow Jared and Nancy toward the best western . Nancy , always dress like it 's dinner , even when it 's breakfast . 63. nancy o.s. - in search of the perfect soft - boil egg . int . the best western , buffet room — morning Nancy hold a bedazzle phone in overly manicure hand . bangle rattle and ring knock against bigger ring . meanwhile , Jared scan the room , look for jon . nancy we be about to find out . as Jared crack the top off a soft-boile egg , Nancy stretch out that hand in suspenseful expectation : the pantomime of ' do they get it right ? 's one of they many ' game . 's off Jared 's reaction , she clenches she fist : ' foil again . 's nancy ( cont 'd ) overcook . ( into the phone ) if they have a office in Memphis , I could check the color swatch down here . I think a mute green be a good match with oak . Blue be always a little dominant , regardless of shade . Jared go back to scan the room . then he find - jon . trailed by a guy ( 20 ) . a older brother Jared guess : a even manlier version of jon . the brother hang back to talk on he cell , as jon hit the buffet . int . the best western - morning Jared plant himself at the buffet wait to be see . jon plate ? Jared almost answer but then realize it 's not a offer for he . instead - jon 's brother brushes past . brother I say I will look after myself . jon you want a juice ? 63a . and so it come to be that jon completely ignore jare 64 . brother look after yourself . I get mine . Jared hang , self - consciously fill he plate , until it 's safe to walk back to the table . int . the best western , buffet room — morning Jared sit back down at the table , stung . he be hand the phone by Nancy . jare hey dad . how 's the remodeling go ? he look across one last time for jon . no luck . jare ( cont 'd ) I be sorry I be not there to help . ( listen ) huh ? oh yeah . good . it 's fun . ( beat ) I say it 's fun . pre -lap : the sound of a grown man weeping . deep pain . int . l.i.a MAIN auditorium - day tight on Aaron 's video camera . its red light on . record . Phillip sit cry while Aaron film he . the face of Jared and other as they react to the lie chair exercise and catharsis . cameron bite he nail . phillip ( in between sob ) I hate you . I hate you . I -- Phillip give he last bit of energy and sob now , uncontrollably . Broken . syke tentatively help he up . syke good job Phillip . we love you . everyone we love you phillip. 64a. syke see. good job . go wash up if you need . Michael - ( more ) 65 . syke ( cont 'd ) Michael step forward to escort he . they walk out together with Aaron . Jared look across at jon , who will not make eye contact with he . he look piss . he then see a empty chair . he look around . Jared turn to look around . Sarah be miss . int . l.i.a. MAIN auditorium - day jon be grab a box lunch . Jared come up beside he . jare no one know where Sarah be . have you hear anything ? he eyeball Jared briefly . Jared feel scold . jon be this all a game to you ? what be you do over there anyway ? jare we get sick of the breakfast at we place . jon ( move off ) okay . you tell yourself that . moment later , Jared sit drink tea on he own . jon o.s. listen , man - jon plant himself in another chair . jon you gotta think about why you go there . seriously . you do not think I be not fishing for where you be stay when I tell you my hotel . this be the urge we gotta stamp out . Whole reason we be even here . gotta control this . he tap he head too hard . admonish . jare we be just look for somewhere that could do boil egg properly . seriously . ( more ) 66 . jare ( cont 'd ) jon true ownership man . that 's what Moral inventory 's about . own you shit . if you want a boil egg then tell you place how long you want they cook . they get a kitchen and egg and a chef . do not come to my place pretend . or else you gotta add it to you m.i . jon give a ' sure you be 's grunt then jump up see cameron be throw a football inside with Tina . he join . we see cameron , suddenly relaxed and happy to have a football in he hand . Jared stand too ... beside jon . they take turn throw back to cameron who be now join by Tina . the group keep throw , but suddenly stop when they hear the door open . syke you do not have to stop . in the b.g. , syke start re-arranging chair with Michael . syke o.s. football be okay . s’long as you do not break anything . in fact -- syke jump in and start throw with they . it become awkward but sort of fun . the whole group encourage to join in . some do . some do not . Jared watch the madness . then -- syke cameron ! ! he throw the ball to cameron , who catch it happily as -- syke 0o.s you be up . Moral inventory and lie chair . and the carefree smile turn to paralyze fear . int . l.i.a. MAIN auditorium - day cameron be in the chair now . he be do the lie chair exercise . cameron read from a piece of paper -- cameron you wronge I dad and I hate you -- 66a . it 's so quiet that everyone have to lean in to hear he . Aaron , behind the camera , gesture to syke : ' volume 's 67 . syke we can not hear you cameron ! cameron - hate you for the way you have treat I since you find out about my problem . syke ' about my sin . 's say it cameron . cameron look like he want to disappear . Jared intervene . jare I can go . I do not mind - syke ( shutting he down ) everyone get a turn . this be cameron 's turn . cameron ? ' found out about my sin 's -- cameron found out about my sin . syke louder . cameron ( try , still soft ) -- I hate you because you never listen to I , or acknowledge I . or if you do acknowledge I it 's to make fun of I -- syke ' it 's to make fun of I !!’ cameron -- in front of other people , or - you just yell at I -- syke decide to let cameron work at he own volume . cameron ( cont ’d ) when you tell I you wish I have not be bear , that really hurt . cameron stop read from he note . he look at syke . 67a . syke well , you say that you be angry , but frankly I do not see it . ' that really hurt . ( more ) 68 . syke ( cont 'd ) ( nothing from cameron ) I wanna see you express it . cameron sigh . something be definitely inside of he - syke ( cont 'd ) only then can we have a chance to tell this people in the real world how they have affect we . cameron 's wrap he arm around himself . syke ( cont 'd ) where be that anger cameron ? you wanna learn and grow ? well ? ( turn away ) I guess not . oh , well . ( to the group ) S 'up to you . syke urge the other to go on break and they all file around cameron who sit , feel a failure in the chair - but then - they hear a almighty noise and turn to see - - cameron bring the chair crash down like a pick -axe , on the empty chair opposite , pounding it repeatedly . everyone be in_shock . when the dust settles , they all stare at cameron , and cameron back at they -- cameron um. sorry . cameron look around like he have make a mistake . he retreat into apology , and start to pick up what he 's break . syke it 's okay . it 's okay . take a break cameron . i’1ll get that . cameron I be sorry . that 's just how I express my anger so -- syke that 's on I . it 's okay . good job . we love you cameron . group we love you cameron . cameron pass by , watch by brandon and applaud by jon. 68a . Jared watch cameron retreat back into he massive shell 69 . int . l.i.a. bathroom - late afternoon Jared step up to pee . unbuttone , he see a shape pass the high window . curious , he hoist himself up , and can see - syke , alone and in the magical afternoon light stare at the tree line . hand on he hip . Jared immediately wonder about he . then the door swing open and Jared step down - brandon o.s. you be mean to attend bathroom break with a staff member . brandon eye he cautiously , and Jared go to exit -- brandon what , you not gonna pee now ? Jared realize he mistake . look at he unbuttone pants . brandon ( cont 'd ) or be you gonna do something solo ? that 's why they make the rule . Jared turn back to pee . it 's a fearful stop-start pee . brandon ( cont 'd ) sound like morse code . you send I a message , faggot ? finish , Jared go to walk out . brandon turn on the tap to for he to wash . he comply . now brandon get awful close and hand he a paper towel . brandon ( cont 'd ) I do not get you guy at all . too much mother and not enough father . I can not be both for you . finally Jared be allow to leave . int . nancy'' car — day Jared ride back from l.i.a. deep in he head . Nancy drive wonder if she should respect the silence or probe -- nancy it 's still early . do you want to watch a movie ( more ) 70 . nancy ( cont 'd ) jare I get homework still . plus , I can not anyway . the rule say all movie contain ' sinful content . 's nancy what about a animation ? jare ' what have you do last night ? 's ' I be hang at the hampton Inn watch the lion King with my mom . 's Jared wind he window down . Nancy turn off the air - nancy you want fresh air ? Jared reach out he hand and he hand dance with the air . nancy ( cont 'd ) you know I do not like - honey ... jare Mom ! who do that happen to and when ? seriously !? do you know !? Nancy retreat into silence . but Jared be spoil for a fight . jare ( cont 'd ) seriously . do you actually know who that happen to ? do you ? for real ? after another silence - jare ( cont 'd ) it be nobody . from nowhere town . ( beat ) on highway Zero . it never happen . now she feel the right to bite back . nancy Parents want to protect they kid . jare so they feed they lie . nancy I think that be okay lie . 70a . Jared , realize he 's be unfairly combative , pull he hand back just a little bit 71 . jare you know the whole thing you and dad be pay for here be all about how mess up we be by we parent . they want to know about you . that 's why you can not know all about it . Cause then they would not get they money out of you . nancy what have I ever do to you ? I be not a drunk or a divorcee . you father and I do not fight . we barely even raise we voice . ( beat ) talk about I however you want , my conscience be clean . Nancy stop . she hit ‘my 's a little too hard . silence . nancy ( cont 'd ) I think I should read the book too . ( beat ) see what it 's all about . read this rule and what not . ( no answer ) they get to discuss we . I think we should know about they too . we be pay for it , and trust they with you care . Jared wind he window up : happy ? he lean against the glass . int . hampton inn and suite - night Jared and he mother schlep down the hallway . five step behind he mother Jared 's step be heavy and tired . int . hampton inn and suite - room - night Jared sit on he bed as he mother shower in the bathroom - Jared flip open he phone and find the number Sarah dial two day before . he press dial after a moment of deliberation . wait ... then - young female voice hello ? Sarah ? ( beat ) Sarah be that you ?? 71a . Jared hang up . soon he turn to find Nancy there 72 . nancy honey . be everything okay ? he nod . she hold up the handbook . that 's when he notice she have take it from the nightstand . nancy ( cont 'd ) I be read it . no debate . I need to know what 's inside of it . jare I do not see why anyone would read it unless you absolutely have to . int . hampton inn and suite - nancy 's room we push slowly toward Nancy 's room as - jare o.s. you can read it at night when I be here if you seriously want to . ( beat ) there be ton of spelling error in it . I almost wanna mark up a copy for they . but - Nancy read the Love in action handbook with interest by she bedside light . she frown as we hear - jare o.s. ( cont 'd ) - that would take away the only real enjoyment you get from read it . Cause , I guess , it 's actually not much fun to be there . whatever she have read - a rule , a task , or a ideology - it trouble she . she look across at she son . jare o.s. ( cont 'd ) at least if you turn to page ' 87 ' you can enjoy that the goofball that transcribe it be type so fast - Nancy , remember , guiltily turn the page to eighty - seven -- jare o.s. ( cont 'd ) - he write ' Dog ' instead of God . we read the line as Nancy 's manicure finger run along it . '' , .. and so we always come back to Dog 's true design .. 73. jare o.s. ( cont 'd ) it would be a shame to ruin the next poor kid 's fun . tight on Nancy as she smile ruefully and whisper -- nancy almighty dog. int . the eamon family home kitchen - night ( flashback ) Nancy wash dish . we move in on she slowly from behind . the clatter of dish . then she stop , rock still . she be cry . and we pull back - there behind she on the table be Jared 's game console . it 's the night Jared declare himself . she hear man enter the house and turn so we see she mascara stain cheek . she leave the room . o.s. sound of Nancy vomit . int . upstair bathroom - night Nancy post vomit , step up to the mirror and , redoe she eye - liner . with each application she calm herself with - nancy everything . is. go . to. be -- hear noise she put on she happy voice . nancy ( cont 'd ) one minute . jare o.s. Mom ? nancy oh . yes honey ? 73a . jare why be pastor wilk and Jim picard here ( more ) 74 . jare ( cont 'd ) nancy I think you father be have a meeting . ( no point lie ) because of that call today and what you just tell we . ( beat ) pastor wilk have deal with this kind of thing before . Jim 's son Sam . when you be just a boy . jare what do they do to he ? Nancy smile and then laugh . she embrace he . nancy oh , silly . they do not do anything to he . they do thing for he . just like you father be wonder what to do for you . to help you . ( beat ) you go to you room . everything be go to be okay . I promise . int . stairwell landing - night Jared sit on the stair , listen to murmured conversation but not be able to hear clearly . suddenly Marshall appear at the base of the stair . marshall can we see you in the kitchen please . int . eamon family kitchen - night Jared , lead by he father , enter the kitchen - marshall you know pastor wilk and Jim obviously . Jared say he ' hellos 's , curious about the stack of brochure of a ' Christian nature 's that be pile on the table . the l.i.a. logo of the heart in a triangle be prominent here . his father seem strung out and tired , but there be a paternal care and gentleness that still exist , despite 75 . marshall ( cont 'd ) we have one question and then I '11l let you sleep . it 's be a big day . I have share we conversation with this two fine and trustworthy man and ask for they guidance . now , we do not have all the answer but you hold the key to the next step . ( beat ) in you heart , do you wanna change ? hold . it be a big question . marshall ( cont 'd ) and I have to be forthright here before you answer . I do not think continue to live and be part of thing at home be go to be easy for you if the answer be ' no . 's I do not wanna make that a more bitter pill to swallow , but , if the answer be ' no 's then I have to be tough and protect my need with the ministry take flight and my commitment to my whole flock . ( beat ) you mother and I can not see a way to have you under this roof and attend service and work at the dealership and drive that car if you go against the grain of we belief . there it be - a ultimatum . Jared look at he mother , who can not bear to look at he . in that moment he feel alone . marshall ( cont 'd ) well son ? long pause . jare yes . yes , I wanna change . marshall I be hope for a quick answer . but , okay . ( beat ) can you be free in the morning for you mother to take you to see Dr. muldoon ? ( Jared frown / nod ( more ) 76 . marshall ( cont 'd ) then pastor wilk have invite we to accompany he to the jail tomorrow . ( the pastor 's steely look ) take a seat - they all link hand . pastor wilk heavenly Father . look down on we now with you wisdom and unleash you power for one of you flock Jared , who have lose he way . we pray Lord that you make _him pure . sound start to fade out -- pastor wilk ( cont ’d ) and deliver he safely back to we . see the error of he mind as nothing more than what it be - a momentary straying ... ext . arkansas strip mall — morning Jared and he mother walk . we follow they . Nancy put on she dark glass . she turn to look over she shoulder , like she be nervous they be be watch . that people know . int . dr . muldoon 's waiting room —- morning Jared sit in a wait room with a couple other folk . the door open and Nancy and Dr. beverly muldoon ( 45 ) come out . dr . muldoon jared. ( to Nancy ) I will see he alone if that 's okay . Nancy take Jared 's seat . int . dr . muldoon 's office - day Jared sit opposite doctor Jane . dr . muldoon you father have ask I to take some of you blood and check for testosterone level Jared . be that okay with you ( more ) 77 . dr . muldoon ( cont 'd ) he shrug . he nod . dr . muldoon ( cont ’d ) you know , anything we discuss here be just between you and I . both way . I hope that 's okay ? she lean forward with kindness . dr . muldoon ( cont ’d ) I be in a little bind here Jared . and I say this to you mother too . now I be a religious woman no question , but I have also be to medical school . so I guess you could say I hold science in one hand and God in the other . and that 's not always a easy balance . Jared seem confuse so she drop the round - a- bout speak . on Jared . dr . muldoon ( cont ’d ) we will not find any answer in you blood Jared . I wish I could say otherwise . and then send you to the pharmacy for a pill that will magically fix you . but that 's not go to happen . dr . muldoon ( cont ’d ) I be go to take you blood and I know what it will tell I . that you be a perfectly normal and very healthy teenage boy . it 's not my place to tell you you parent be wrong . but ... ( beat ) there be a different opinion - a medical one - that say that they be wrong . and well - ( it hang ) what happen next be still you choice . it may not feel that way , but it be . that 's all . Jared hear what she be say . he 's just not sure yet exactly what the ' next 's be . dr . muldoon ( cont ’d ) do you have any question for I ( more ) 78 . dr . muldoon ( cont 'd ) he do not . she look at he with a maternal air and then , know what may be ahead of he , offer he this - dr . muldoon ( cont ’d ) well , just know you can call I any time . now or anytime in the future . she slide she card write she cell number on the back . ( we see this card during Jared 's induction into l.i.a . ) dr . muldoon ( cont ’d ) okay . which arm you want I to excavate ? int . car dealership / lunch room - day Jared , alone , eat . his sleeve be roll up and a cotton bud tape in the crook of he leave arm . he watch - through the glass , Nancy and Marshall in conversation with Big Jim . Jim head for the lunch room . jim hey pal . you father want I to show you something . ( beat ) I think you mom tell you about my son Sam . ten year ago he be in the same spot you be in pretty much . here - Jared look at the photo Jim hand he . a happy family portrait . a smile middle - age guy , a slightly overweight woman and they three child : a girl 8 , and twin boy 5 . jim ( cont 'd ) this be he today . happy as a clam . ( beat ) do not know if that help . but ... it 's all possible my friend . Marshall knock on the door . ' ready ? 's Jim tuck the photo back in he pocket , and pat Jared on the shoulder . jim ( cont 'd ) I be root for ya pal . 78a . int . prison - day Jared trail pastor wilk and Marshall as they go through the prison security check 79 . . a big multi-bag of peanut M&M 's get scan along with three King James bible and pamphlet . marshall candy to anyone who can recite at least two verse from the bible . ( beat ) if a want for candy trick they into find truth in the gospel , then -- we have to appeal to they lower nature before we can appeal to they higher one . Jared nod . Marshall , see Jared 's fear , offer hima reassure pat on the shoulder . int . prison hallway - day Jared , terrify and wary , stand carry the M&M bag . he watch as he father console a prisoner with truly great compassion . then he hear he name call . pastor wilk need a bag of M&M 's . Jared step closer to the cell he be in , try not to make eye contact with the prisoner . pastor wilk this be where the fall land . you see ? look around you son . int . marshall be car - day Marshall and Jared approach the car . Marshall eat M&M 's . then hand the bag to Jared , who be still deep in memory of the pastor 's warning . they get in - marshall you go to stay for dinner ? or -- jare I should probably make a start today . hold . Marshall put he hand on Jared 's shoulder . marshall we will get through this son . then Marshall turn on the radio : credence Clearwater revival blast out : there 's a bad Moon on the rise 80 . int . / ext . jared' car / highway - day Jared on the side of the highway , where people only usually stop because they car have break down . he be in the midst of a_ panic attack : try to regulate he breathe . he get out and close the door , lean against the car . he manage to calm himself a little . vrrrrmmm . the sound of truck racing past by catch he attention . soon he step forward , until - he be very close to the edge . might he just step forward and solve all he problem on the grill of a speed semi ? one driver honk a warning . finally - Jared walk back to the car , kick out at the side mirror , break it . he get back in the car and start the ignition . his complicated life must keep go . int . hampton inn and suite - morning ( present ) Nancy wake up . she look around . Jared be go . on he freshly make bed , she find a note - jare decide to walk x c u @ 5 . sorry I be mean . she find a screw up paper on the floor and unfurl it . paper ' Moral inventory . 's ' Henry 's and ' xavier . 's Henry have be scratch out . Nancy seem concerned . she move to the bed and cover herself entirely with the sheet . hold . ext . highway - morning Jared walk along the gravel edge of the highway . he read a handful of page , rehearse for he Moral inventory . then - a pick - up pull next to he . jon 's brother 's car . jon yo . need a ride ? 80a . Jared see jon 's brother in the driver 's seat , eye front 81 . jare thanks , but I get a little while . I think I would walk . look through my stuff for today . jon understand : ' okay . 's the pick - up push on . then -— up ahead , it slow and stop . then jon get out , slamm the door . his brother blast the horn and complete a screeching u-turn as jon walk toward Jared . shrug it off . CUT to : ext . pathway / park - day Jared and jon have take a short cut through a park . Jared wait as jon finish pee behind a old abandon car . jon so , I get all this feeling in I , obviously . toward man and so on . have since I be thirteen or so . but I never do anything about it . then , when I get older and discover booze , I have get real drunk and I have let my guard down . basically I have wrestle guy and fight just to get the contact ina way that seem okay . but , you know , people start to notice and talk . guess I have go too far too often . ( beat ) then , one party , I get real drunk , I mean like super crazy drunk and , while a bunch of people be cheer I and watch I wrestle this kid , I kiss this dude , like full on , on the mouth . ( beat ) I think in my haze I think it be okay ' cause I figure it would look like a domination over a kid everyone be already suspect over . Jared listen , deeply curious . jon ( cont 'd ) then I guess , I realize in the moment how it look to everyone and I try to start the wrestle charade again ( more ) 81a . 82 . jon ( cont 'd ) .- but when I see it be not work , I have to do something and so -- ( he sigh deeply ) I really start to whale on this kid ... like choke he out and beat he face in ... like bad , bad , bad , bad , bad . bad . ( beat ) and when it be do I remember I stand up all messy , and put my fist in the air like I have just win at the u.f.c or something whack ... and I be wait for the cheer , and -- Jared wait - walk - pause . pause . jon ( cont 'd ) everyone 's face be like ... dead still . like - what the fuck just happen ! ?!?' jon ( cont 'd ) I have not be home since . ( beat ) I be sorry for it . but it 's also what get I to where I be . so ... jon ( cont 'd ) and I be commit , I be not here to waste anyone 's time , do not get I wrong , but - ( beat ) - I be what I be . I do not think there be any change I and my thought and whatnot . but I do know by stay off the drink and make certain choice , I can just choke that side of I away . put it aside . there be a difference . whether you can actually change or just choose different thing . Jared absorb this . jon know he can not change . he just believe he can put he desire in a drawer . jon ( cont 'd ) have not touch another guy since . that 's why I do not even shake hand you know . I have just decide that 's it for I . whatever it take ( more ) 83. jon ( cont 'd ) jon kick a rock . jon ( cont 'd ) what you get ? ( beat ) what 's you big crazy story ? Jared absorb what he have on he meager page ... jon ( cont 'd ) syke 's gonna decide you know , base on what you say today , whether you stay another month , three month , six . a year . finally , Jared stop . jare I do not really have a crazy story . we , ah , probably should not walk in together . and they walk in silence for some time -- ext . l.i.a. headquarters - day Jared approach to see syke on the step confer with two older men . one , a strike man with silver hair and sharp feature and , a shiny - bald stocky man . both in they fifty . syke see Jared . syke today 's go to run a little differently . i’1l be inside soon . int . l.i.a. MAIN auditorium - day there be trash bag in the center of the room and , from it , the member of the group be try on black and dark - blue blazer coat as instruct by Michael and Aaron . jon what 's go on Michael ? michael syke can tell you . try this on . jon and Jared try on coat . they be hand tie too as - syke enter look troubled 84 . syke everybody sit down . Michael . Aaron . you can start on the window . Jared see a massive roll of black material . Duct tape etc ... he wonder : '' what the hell be go on ?!? '' and then the door open and a couple of staff lug a funeral casket into the room . Aaron run to help . syke ( cont 'd ) okay . we have not get much time and I need you help . syke sign for the casket . then he turn to the group . syke ( cont 'd ) there 's be a situation with cameron overnight . everyone sink . be cameron dead ?!?! syke ( cont 'd ) cameron have break some serious rule and in conference with he father and they church elder , we have decide to offer hima chance . to shock he into recovery . Jared be confuse . syke ( cont 'd ) today cameron be go to choose to be dead to he life and to he family or to truly surrender . int . l.i.a. MAIN auditorium - day the room be now cast in darkness , the window black out . candle flicker and dim lamp otherwise illuminate the room . the centerpiece be the casket . slivers of sun infiltrate . Jared , Simon , jon , Carl ... all be in attendance . Jared look across to a handful of new people : cameron 's family and close friend : a older brother and sister . and two younger sibling . the two young one be confuse and be teary - eye . cameron 's mother also attend along with cameron 's local minister ( the bald man we see earlier . ) plus a couple of football teammate , along with they coach . 84a . syke enter . he gesture for everyone to stand . he grab a chair and set it down beside the casket , face the group 85 . syke here ? the bald man nod approval . syke be not in control here . then a knock at the door alert he -- syke open the door . cameron , blindfolded , be lead by he father and Rev. Neil , the silver haire man . Jared look deeply concerned : it look more backyard , improvise and pagan- like than truly Christian . brandon start a classic funeral dirge on the hi-fi system : opus 35 - chopin . cameron be take to he seat by the casket . they unmask he and , when he see he family gather together plus the casket , he weep deepen . understandably , he be scared . Jared squirm . reverend neil sadly , we be gather here today to say farewell to we son , we brother and friend cameron Van huessen who , by he own make , last night fall prey to Satan 's wish , fall farther away from God . ( beat ) but , the heavenly Father in the wisdom of he mercy have not have he last word on this boy 's soul - Jared watch as -- -- Music start drown out the ' service . 's the beatific -_ moonlight sonata by Beethoven . ----- as it play , we see ----- various image in slow motion to the music . - cameron wrap himself in he big arm and fold over . syke attend he , hold he in place . - cameron 's sister hug each other . - the bald Minister open the coffin as cameron be lead there by syke and Rev. Neil . a pantomime where the message be clear . do cameron want to die or be reborn . 85a . - cameron shake he head fervently . he do not want to die 86 . - they crowd around cameron , offer a ultimatum . he nod he head , still in tear , fully submit . - syke gesture to Aaron and Michael who rip the black material off the wall let the light in . - cameron kneel , eye shut , hand up , surrender himself . Rev. Neil place a hand on cameron 's head . in a wild , jolting gesture he push to cast the demon out . - other join he , do the same . - cameron 's Father push cameron 's head aggressively . cameron fall backwards to the ground . - cameron 's brother be hand a bible . he strike cameron with it . cameron 's anguish face as he roll over , tear stream . - various people be encourage to strike cameron with bible and other book . harder and harder they strike . - later : cameron vomit in a trash can hold by brandon . Rev. Neil bring he back to he knee . - jon be hand a bible . he stand , Jared watch he . - jon strike cameron with the bible . - cameron stand with the help of that around he . his sister be close . the music carry through - ext . driveway / street — later - cameron walk the street , propped up by he father and other . the full congregation snake behind . Jared be right up the back . Sarah near he . they share a look . - they walk up the path toward a house : New hope House . the Men 's ' long stay 's house we have be hearing of . follow into - int . new hope house - day see , through Jared 's p.o.v. : a suburban house with all door remove and close circuit surveillance camera in the corner of each room . he notice , as they pass - 86a . the only door in the house . it have two padlock secure it . 87 . int . new hope house , bathroom -— day Jared watch through the crowd as cameron be place in the basic shower bath - tub of the small bathroom . there he be baptize with he father and mother close , encourage by Rev. Neil to place they hand on he . his big body shudder and he strong arm reach out for the water . like a massive baby . full surrender . Jared watch mute . the only thing that make this even remotely bearable be that cameron , seem ecstatic and accept of he rebirth . his arm claw for God , reach for a loving embrace . Beethoven 's music underpin the whole horrible , beautiful scene . Jared see syke on the edge of the action , involved but not really . Jared turn to go , unable to watch anymore . interestingly , syke do not try and stop he . but - jon do . he grab for Jared 's arm . Jared shake he off . ext . new hope house , hallway - day Jared move into the hall , escape the horror . he be alone . gary o.s. start to see it for what it be ? Gary be stand by the corner . gary they catch he with another boy in a steam room and what do they do ? ( beat ) you seem smart . you want my advice ? tell they everything they need to hear and play the part . you be up any day now . let they know you be understanding you mistake , get better , that it 's work . think all my storey and my tear be real ? ' Fake it to make it 's . none of this be go to help any . the sooner you be out of here and home the better . ( more ) 87a . gary ( cont 'd ) and the sooner we be all out of home and somewhere else the better - ( that hang ( more ) 88 . gary ( cont 'd ) you do not want to end up at one of this house for any amount of time . I have hear the storey and they be not good . a muffle chorus and shout come from the bathroom . gary ( cont ’d ) unless you really think you can change . or want to . int . hampton inn and suite - night the music continue as - Jared walk the hall with he mother . see from behind they walk away and enter the room , leave a empty hallway . hold . and the music end on a deep base note - ext . memphis motel mile - night Jared run , exorcise the day event . Hood up , he pound the pavement past the various motel . the rush oncoming car whoosh past like he dark thought . later : as he pass a bus shelter he come to a stop . a strip mall in the background . not a soul about . he take a seat on a bench to catch he breath and when he look back he see - on the outside of the bus shelter : a beatific advertising image of a shirtless guy , light and invite . Jared look away but something draw he back . his nature . then , something fierce well up in he , and he get up as if he be look around for something . leave frame . hold . we hear noise of effort . he soon return with a heavy pave stone . he be about to launch the missile at the advertising image . however -- on the approach , the poster slide to the next ad ... a woman in a swim suit . it railroad he intention . jare arghhhh . he throw the paver anyway and it bounce off the perspex shield , do minimal damage . he sit down drain . defeat 89 . jare ( cont 'd ) fuck. ( turn skyward ) fuck you . I hate you . fuck you . fuuuuuuck ! he wait . nothing . then -— the advertising image slide back , to the beatific male image . but , now buckle by the assault , its mechanism falter and stick halfway . we move in on Jared . recognition . memory . the man , the face , albeit obscure with fracture glass , remind he of something . someone . SNAP to black : int . / ext . jared' car / college dorm build - late afternoon ( flashback ) Jared park the car . he be dress as he be the day of the prison visit . the day he have he panic attack on the highway and have thought of suicide . we know this too because when he get out , he inspect the freshly break side window . int . college dorm build - early evening Jared lug he overnight bag , drag he foot . deplete . he lumber past a bulletin board , then stop . back up . a image of Christ . it 's a western depiction of Jesus where the man himself could have sign with a California modeling agency . the word ' God vs. Science 's pop out . he step closer and take the flyer in he hand . it be advertising for a college art exhibition . ext . jare 's dorm room 346 - night Jared unlock he room . he notice , behind he , two student whisper gossip about he . have word get around somehow ? then he look into the room - int . jare 's dorm room 346 - night Inside , he room have be trash . he enter cautiously . 890 . then he stop - just above he bunk bed mattress be a crudely spray - paint message : ' die homo . 90 . - he correct a fall chair and find a bottle of wine . - room fix up , Jared sit on he bed hold the bottle . he turn over the flyer in he hand then put it aside . he open the bottle sniff the booze : ' die fag 's behind he . int . lyon campus , art build foyer - night a section of the Fine Arts building turn gallery space . people mill about . a decent crowd . Jared step into frame . he raise a glass of wine to he lip . he be stare at - the mormon style image of Jesus . the same ultra-color blonde depiction as the flyer . the actual artwork be five foot by six . huge . we see that in Jesus 's hand be a image of a cell phone . it 's controversial in a playful way . to Jared it be distasteful and somewhat irrelevant . trite . he turn and place he drink down and suddenly stop , see -- a beautiful boy ( 20 ) , gesture to a small group about a image : mary . arm in offer , a virtual reality system on she face . someone in the group shake he hand in congratulation , and he nod humbly in thanks . this be the artist . xavier . Jared be transfix . not by the image , but by xavier . and then xavier catch he and look right back . he step in front of the image so that he appear jesus-like . Divine : Mary 's offer arm seem to be he . Jared do not turn away . xavier gesture ' cheer 's with he wine and move away . Jared keep stare . int . hallway - night Jared walk a expansive hallway alone . soon - xavier come into frame , follow . then he take the lead . 90a . int . xavier' studio room - night they walk in together . as the door close the music stop gl . there be minimal improvise and eclectic furniture in this studio space . Beyond it Jared can see at the far end , a bed room light by warm lamp light . xavier put on otis redding - Change be gonna come . vinyl . xavier o.s I be have some wine . do you want some more ? when xavier speak he have a slight european accent : french . swiss ? it be hard to tell . Jared look around at the motley picture hang : subversive religious image ; magazine cut-out , plus ; sketches of people and shape . curate by a novice , yet somehow captivate . jare where be you from xavier ? xavier o.s I live in thirteen country before I leave high school . bear in Vienna . ended up in Canada . now here . he approach with a red wine . Jared take it . jare do you believe in God ? xavier serious . jare why be that serious ? Jared be buoy by drink . it be a bold side of he we have never see . perhaps some thing be possible with booze that otherwise be not , as we may remember from jon 's tale . like with that - this encounter should carry a edge that carry the possibility of that same danger . jare ( cont 'd ) do you believe in God or not ? you whole art thing be -- xavier I do . I be raise with religion and I question it , but I still believe in God ( more ) 92 . xavier ( cont 'd ) jare who create the earth ? xavier laugh . that 's a big question ? xavier you like a little small talk , huh ? jare I do not think you can believe in science and religion equally . xavier frown , not ready to engage in the seriousness . jare ( cont 'd ) do not you think you have to pick a side ? do not they cancel each other out . xavier well , paper beat rock . then no one can believe in God . jare why ? xavier because science have show itself and God have not . jare sure he have . xavier not all the time . Science show itself all the time . it 's always around we develop . do God show himself enough ? where be he? ( off Jared 's expression ) wait till you really suffer . Jared seem to be get either angry now or emotional . he may lash out , physically or sexually ... or totally crumble . it be hard to tell . xavier walk away . when he come back , he have a joint . he light it . Jared have never be this close to drug . xavier ( cont 'd ) do you believe in the devil ? 92a . Jared 's silence be a yes 93 . xavier ( cont 'd ) do he look like I ? jare I do not know . xavier because he also do not show himself . Jared surprise we by take the joint . he take a toke . after a long beat . jare you know job ? from the Bible . xavier not personally . Jared see the humor in it . xavier ( cont 'd ) I hear he 's not great company . always complain . Jared crack up . then get real . he have to make he point . jare I imagine I be he sometimes . that God and the Devil be have a bet over I . that one day he ’1ll show himself to I and let I in on the experiment he be have to test I . xavier you just sum it all up . ( beat ) people hope someone be watch over they . that hard time be part of a design . ( beat ) I think we be we own test . we own judgement . we own god . meaning I think he be in we . all of we . not somewhere watch and hide . Jared think about this . xavier ( cont 'd ) stay with I . 93a . Jared be not flinching 94 . xavier ( cont 'd ) nothing need to happen . I swear . nothing from Jared . xavier ( cont 'd ) I ’1ll prove to you that God will not strike you down . jare what if you be the devil ? xavier then you be too . he back away . xavier o.s . we be the same . I could be you or you could be I . soon , Jared look back for the door , but instead he watch xavier who disappear into the warm glow of he bedroom de . int . xavier' bedroom den - night from above , Jared and xavier lie down . the music filter in from the other room . they look at each other . they hold hand . and that 's it . int . xavier be den - morning Jared wake up to full sunlight . xavier be face he asleep . Jared look down . they be still hold hand , and still fully clothed . Jared slowly release he hand from xavier 's . he stare for some time then finally move out of frame . int . arkansas STREET - day Jared walk the street and lift he phone to he ear . jare dad . I be ready . I be come home . i’1ll go wherever you need I to ( more ) 95 . jare ( cont 'd ) ext . lyon college , lake pontoon - day Jared naked from the waist up . jare please Lord , make I pure . and fall backward , right into the icy college lake . his clothes leave pile on the shore nearby . int . hampton inn and suite , bathroom - night ( present ) Jared , drip wet , stand before the mirror in he run gear , stare at himself . the shower run in the b.g . then we realize that he be look at a card . it be the business card of Dr. beverly muldoon . he turn it over in he hand . contemplate . phone poise he actually start to dial . then he think better of it and take off he shirt , walk into the steam . int . hampton inn and suite hallway - morning behind : Nancy , in she Jackie o 's , and Jared walk the hall . int . l.i.a. hallway - day behind : Jared walk the l.i.a. hallway . int . l.i.a. MAIN auditorium - day Jared sit in he chair , clutching he papers and handbook , a purposeful steely look in on he face . he look across and - cameron slowly ease himself into a empty seat . he acknowledge no one and sit , arm across he massive torso . syke move to he podium . syke I do not know about y’all , but today I feel invigorate . I feel hopeful that so much be possible . Jared steal a look at cameron . cameron do not seem to be share the same vigor . he seem truly sink . 95a . syke ( cont 'd ) cameron . how do you feel ( more ) syke ( cont 'd ) cameron I feel great , Sir . syke do you feel the true presence of God in you heart ? cameron yes sir . syke it feel great do not it ? cameron yes sir . it do for sure . Jared catch Gary 's eye . a share skepticism . then he catch jon 's eye , but Jared turn away almost coldly . thing have shift between the two of they . Broken . syke o.s. ready when you be , Jared . int . l.i.a. MAIN auditorium - moment later Jared 's hand squeeze he papers for he Moral inventory . we hold on Jared 's face through -- jare I have thought of man . ( beat ) boy at school . on t.v . on the street . in my imagination . at college I hold the hand of a boy and I stay through the night . in he bed . ( beat ) for this thought and this action , for which I feel regretful , I - syke o.s. hold on . and ..? the face of other . of jon. Aaron filming . jare I never ... I stay the night with the boy from college but we never do anything more . that 's the only ( more ) 97 . jare ( cont 'd ) syke come on Jared . do not hide you sin . God see everything . what else ? Jared stew . he really be tell the truth . what happen with Henry be Henry 's sin . jare I lie on my genogram . my uncle Chris be not a alcoholic . syke sigh . jare ( cont 'd ) it 's true . how do you know ? syke you want to waste everyone 's time ? jare syke ( cont 'd ) I be not . and mock everyone who have get up here be honest and brave . jare I could make something up . be that what you want I to do ? be not that a sin too ? he eyeball syke . a new strength of defiance . jare ( cont 'd ) if thought be a sin , I ask God 's forgiveness for that , but I be not make anything up . on syke . he eye Jared : it seem like a stand off . syke okay then . he move off to get the lie chair . he set it down in front of Jared . and place another chair beside Jared . syke 0o.s there 's you father . sit down . Jared sit , albeit reluctantly . 97a . syke tell he how he 's affect you . tell he how angry you be ( more ) 98 . syke ( cont 'd ) ( hold ) tell he you hate he for -- Jared stand back up again . syke ( cont 'd ) sit down . jare but , I be not angry and I - syke yes you be - jare syke ( cont 'd ) - he 's do thing that upset - you be angry and - I and he 's let I down , but - jare why do I have to be angry ? syke sit down Jared . sit. jare I be not a dog. ( beat ) and I do not think anyone be responsible for I . so - Jared continue to hold he ground . jare ( cont 'd ) I do not see how it 's go to help . pick someone to blame or hate . pretend we be angry at someone . ( to Aaron ) can you stop filming I - Aaron , tracking he , do not stop filming . jare ( cont 'd ) I do not hate anyone . syke then why all this anger - jare because , you be make I angry . syke then use it ( more ) 99 . syke ( cont 'd ) jare you be not listen to I . michael no! stop !! you be not listen to he ! you be not take this seriously . jare I be take it seriously . michael you be not . you be pathetic , and a liar . and you do not wanna change at all . he do not want to change - jare I do . I be . I just do not agree . I be not go to pretend to be angry . I love my father . syke I do not think you do . jare you do not know I . you be all crazy . all of you . Tina 's jaw be wide open . Gary smirk . cameron be raise he eyebrow . Jared move a few step toward the door . syke where be you go ? you be not go anywhere until -- jare you be in my chair . there you go . I hate you . but how do that help ? Jared be start to breath heavily . panic . jare ( cont 'd ) I really want to go . syke just take a minute . jare I mean , how do any of this help ? it 's crazy . 99a . and he walk out 100 . ext . l.i.a. hallway - moment later the office door be lock . he knock . panic rise . syke come from the main auditorium . he be oscillate between tender and hard tactic . tender it be - syke Jared ? Son ? ( beat ) do not open - a female clerk open the door . Jared move past . jare I want my thing . syke we will get you thing , just come back and have a talk with I first . jare I want my thing now . and I want -— Jared just walk around and open a drawer and find various bag of people 's belonging . at one stage Michael rush in and try to intervene and Jared scuffles with he . finally , Jared find he bag and grab he cell phone from it . he leave the room - int . l.i.a. hallway - moment later syke block he way to the exit . Jared retreat . int . l.i.a. men' bathroom —- moment later Jared storm into the bathroom and find a stall and lock himself in . his breath be short now . panicked . jare ( on the phone ) Mom . it 's I . I need you help . come get I please . like now . ( beat ) please . I be in trouble . he wait . for a long time there be silence . then voice on the other side of the door . soon the door open . 100a . jare ( cont 'd ) go away ( more ) jare ( cont 'd ) syke Jared ? ( beat ) Jared . ( quietly ) Michael , get brandon . Jared be scared now . shit . he have to get out . 101 . he prepare himself and then storm out past syke back into -- int . l.i.a. hallway - continuous Jared 's way to the exit be block by brandon behind Jared be the other group member , all help or comment in any way . it 's a stand off : side , block the exit . client on the other jare I wanna leave , okay ? please . syke you be just have a rough moment . jare ' a moment ?!’ a moment ? and Aaron . too scared to staff on one side . syke jare ( cont 'd ) steady on . I know it feel - I do not wanna talk . I wanna go . syke jare ( cont 'd ) I do not want you to . I read the rule and none of they say you can stop I from leave . syke turn to brandon . mutter something . it 's 's certain he be ask brandon to use he muscle to contain Jared . jare ( cont 'd ) and if you or anyone put they hand on I . I have witness . ( phone ring ) Mom ? where be you ? if I put he on they might take the phone . ( listen ) how far away ? heavy screeching outside and a minor collision . then a door slam and - 101a . nancy Jared ! ( more ) 102 . nancy ( cont 'd ) heavy pounding come from the other side of the exit door . nancy o.s. ( breathless and loud ) jare !!! honey ? what 's happen ? jare Mom !! they will not let I out . nancy o.s. what !? why ? who 's there with you ?! syke walk toward the door . Jared try to too but brandon block he way . syke Jared be have a moment bear out of a role - play task . he think he want to go because it bring up some issue for he but I think it 's best for he development that he do not -- jare no . that 's not ... Mom ? tell he he have to open the door . syke I 'il call Mr. eamon , and you and I and Jared can all sit down to -- nancy o.s . who exactly be I speak to ? syke this be Victor syke . we speak on the phone a few week back . ( beat ) missus eamon . I think the thing to understand here -- nancy o.s. open the door Mr. syke . now ! before I call the police . hold . Jared wait . syke remain unmove . then cameron step forward . cameron open the door . 102a . it 's a huge moment : cameron rebel . he move forward and - 103 . put he massive frame between brandon and Jared , challenging the tough guy who once belittle he . cameron ( cont ’d ) he want to leave . hold . brandon stand he ground . but then something shift . he know , in this moment , he be the weaker of the two man . nancy o.s. Jared !? cameron come on . jare we be come . cameron escort Jared all the way to the exit door . syke too step aside , have be overpower by force on both side , allow cameron to open the door , the reveal of Nancy be amazing . she wear sweat and no make - — up or jewelry . this be what Nancy look like when she do not have to present . the real she . naturally beautiful . Jared shake cameron 's hand and then hug he tight : thanks . he eyeball syke : ' you get a problem with this ? 's now Jared join Nancy as they start to move for the door . then she turn sharply - nancy o.s. what actual qualification do you have Mr. syke ? I never ask . hold . great question . it hang . nancy be you a doctor ? a psychologist ? a real proper one ? nothing -- nancy o.s. just as I think . shame on you . shame on you . it 's true . no dispute it . Nancy and Jared continue to exit 104 . ext . l.i.a. headquarters - moment later Jared and Nancy walk fast from the door to the car . nancy they follow ? jare no. nancy do not look at I . I be a mess . ( beat ) you say hurry . they get in the car . and they drive away as fast as Nancy will drive . maybe one spin of the tire . Music start - int . the peabody HOTEL , memphis —- early evening Jared sit alone in the affluent , green and cream dining hall of the famous hotel . it be early and almost empty . waiter can I help you ? jare I be not sure if I be stay or go . then Nancy arrive . Jared wait expectantly . she be do up again now , albeit a conservative version of herself . nancy you father want you to go back . hold . we can see Jared 's crest fall . Nancy sit . nancy ( cont 'd ) I tell he ... we will see he at home . I tell he you be not go back . ( beat ) that night pastor wilk and Jim come to the house ? ( more ) nancy ( cont 'd ) that man decide what to do with you , and I just fall into line like I usually do . sometimes they say you gotta hurt a child in order to help they ( more ) 104a . 105 . nancy ( cont 'd ) . and that may be so with some thing , but a mother know when something be not right , and I know in my bone it be not hurt to help . I be just let you down and I keep my mouth shut . i’11 always regret that . ( beat ) so I be go to do a different thing now I have a chance . i'1l handle you father . he can fall into line with I for a change . Jared allow he mother 's embrace . now she lift the mood . nancy ( cont 'd ) I bet this hotel be '' off limit ? '' out of the '' safe zone . '' he smile at she use of the l.i.a. jargon . nancy ( cont 'd ) we may as well have a drink . ( small laugh ) one of my idea , one of my many idea , that I know would have make a lot of money ... ' Minister 's wive go Wild . 's she get up heroically , not a ounce of fear , and turn as if the brave should follow the brave - ' come on 's nancy ( cont 'd ) let 's go to the bar . Jared smile and stand , buoy by she support . int . eamon family home - dine room - night Jared and he mother and father eat . give what 's happen you would think that there would be much discussion . instead there be none . maybe it 's already be have . maybe it be to come . or maybe not . finally , Marshall take he plate and leave . Nancy and Jared share a look , and she keep eat unperturb . Music continue 106 . int . jared' room / eamon live room - night Jared sit on he bed . he unzip he l.i.a. bag . he raise he white shirt . throw it in the trash . behind he now as he unpack , we hear _a doorbell ring . he turn to register it but do not pay too much mind . moment later he hear a knock at he door . nancy ( knock ) honey . Jared turn -— nancy ( cont 'd ) do you know a boy by the name of cameron Van huessen ? jare be he here ? nancy no honey . that 's a sheriff . he 's come to ask you some question . apparently this cameron boy kill himself today . the world drop away . and much like cameron 's fake funeral , we absorb he death in a similar fashion : slowly -- -- Jared sit to talk to a young sheriff . the sheriff take Jared 's statement . behind the sheriff - -- Jared see he father move away up . -- the sheriff be see to the door and the whole family disperse into separate room . - Jared walk into he room . he turn and see he father watch he . Jared close he door . SNAP to black : omitted omitted fade to black 107 . ext . brooklyn street - night ( three year later ) we follow Jared . a black coat . if it be not apparent , it will be as we take in he profile , and then he face full frontal as he turn the corner , that it be a few year later . it 's not so much that he have age . more that he wear a new confidence that be not apparent before . under he arm he carry a six pack of craft beer and a bottle of wine . he approach a building in a industrial area -- Jared put a phone to he ear . a iphone 1 . ( it be 2008 ) jare I leave my key . they fix the buzzer . he buzze and be buzze up . we pull sideways to take in - New York City . the vast skyline . omitted int . jared' share apartment - night Jared and friend share a drink , post dinner . they be play a board game . improvise scene from which -- we move back to see this action now in b.g . from a bedroom we discover be Jared 's . his phone sit beside he computer and a stack of papers . perhaps we see certain thing in the glow : a article with Jared 's name on it in a open journal magazine ; a photo of he and he Mom post on a board ; another of he and a boyfriend . then , as we reach he iphone and push in - it light up and ring faintly . the vibration move it toward the desk edge , until it finally stop teeter over the lip . the glow of the ' unknown number 's finally go away . back with Jared and he friend . unaware of who be call he and what it would potentially mean , Jared continue laugh and play . 107a . later : the kitchen be empty . the bottle and dish can wait for another day . we hear Jared farewell a friend 0.s 108 . omitted int . jared' brooklyn bedroom - later Jared work . now light by the screen of he desktop , we see evidence of the writer Jared have become . we pick off various thing include a post - it note say ' write what you know !! 's Jared type furiously and when a email ping he immediately switch to he email page : a email from - Nancy eamon : '' urgent -- I be right !! '' how could he not open it - a news article : a boy who lost he arm , hanging it out of a car in ibiza . then another ping : he sigh , she have hook he again , drag he from work into a text chat . mom : be you come for Thanksgiving ? jare : I do not know I can . mom : you dad would love to see you . jare : I will come when dad be away at the convention . then the phone ring . he snatch it up - jare Mom ! I be work . pause . then a ping on the computer - again it be - mom : okay . goodnight . then , who be on the phone ! voice be this Jared eamon ? jare yeah . who 's this ? Jared walk out to the fridge in the darken kitchen to grab another beer -- voice from l.i.a. a few year ago ? 108a . he stop . move back to the bedroom and turn off the music . now there be utter silence 109 . jare who be this ? voice it 's ah ... it 's Victor syke . hold . syke before you hang up . please hear I out . I have be contact as many ex-client as I can ... Jared listen and syke 's call drown out . we move behind Jared 's head as he listen and we hear faint trace -- when we come across to Jared 's other side of Jared we hear a fierce and firm drum snare SNAP ! then to black : then a drum roll rumble over - ext . brooklyn STREET - day a truck pass reveal Jared 's face cautiously stand on the street keenly watch something . he put he phone to he ear . another drum beat and we see - the drum actually come from a teen boy right by Jared . Jared look at he for a moment . Jared 's friend , one we see from the night before step up . friend he 's in there . well , from you description , I think he be . ( Jared tense ) you do not have to do this you know . and with that , Jared move off . friend ( cont 'd ) call if you need back up . int . brooklyn cafe - day Jared poke he head in . he look around -- Jared turn the bend cautiously and look around . 109a . a man stand -- it be syke . he look different . a new haircut . a grey goatee . loose clothing . transform . 110 . syke Jared . thanks for this . jare how do you get my number ? syke I try the one I have on file . they sit . syke ( cont 'd ) I be sorry to jump out of nowhere and contact you . syke seem interminably nervous . not he l.i.a. self . he rummages through a shoulder bag . syke ( cont 'd ) I say I have some thing for you . Jared be just watch and wait . uncomfortable . syke ( cont ’d ) there 's a few thing about I you do not know . and , well , read the article I figure it be about time I make contact with you . ( beat ) try and make some kind of peace . syke find what he want to give , hand it over : the tear out page of Jared 's moleskin from all that year ago . syke ( cont ’d ) I keep everything . when I leave -- Jared be try to compute everything . syke ( cont 'd ) I could not recognize it at the time but they really be ... be very good . the storey . ( beat ) you look well . and seem good . so -- ( beat ) listen , I do not know where to start but I want you to know that I have leave the ministry and l.i.a. and well , I guess you could say I have turn my back on all of it . 110a . on Jared , absorb 111 . syke push a picture across the table - Jared pick it up . a picture of - syke with he arm around a man . Jared , feeling welling , get up and head for the restroom . int . restroom - continuous Jared close the door . and it be here , of all place , and in this moment that Jared finally release emotion . his shaking hand wipe a tear and he try to suppress it . but then - it 's too much and it all come out . int . brooklyn cafe - continuous syke wait patiently at the table . he peruse the menu . then he phone ring . int . restroom - continuous Jared wipe he eye and speak on the phone . jare it 's Jared . hey . I , um ... no offense , but could we try this some other time . intercut with syke . empathetic , he listen . something ironic in the image of he now face a empty chair . syke I understand . of course . int . brooklyn cafe - continuous syke slowly get up from the table and make he way out . int . restroom - continuous Jared have calm now . he steady he breathe , until he 's almost calm again . as we see this , we hear -- ommitted 111a . ommitted 112 . ext . eamon family home - day Jared 's car pull into the family driveway . jare o.s. where be he ? int . eamon family kitchen - day Jared stand in the kitchen table , on a mission . fierce . ( NB : Nancy be slightly less ' make - up 's this day ) nancy honey . it 's Sunday . if it 's urgent , you will have to go to the church . jare I nil wait for he to get back . nancy you have not even see it . not with all the fitting and fill with people . he 's so proud of it . ( beat ) like he 's proud of you . jare Mom , he lose part of he congregation on account of I . nancy you have make that a bigger deal than it ever be . honey - ( beat ) what be the matter ? be everything - jare why be not you there ? at church . nancy I do not always go . I do to support you father sometimes . but , he know . I have my own religion . ( off Jared 's expression ) everyone else create religion to suit themselves , so I figure , why could not i. 112a . int . nancy'' car — day Nancy at the wheel . the sun shed a warm glow on Nancy 113 . nancy o.s. I love God and God love I . and I love my son . Nancy turn to smile . Jared return the look . int . eamon family kitchen - as before - day Jared listen to he mother 's religion - nancy and if he do not love my son too , then I will stop loving him . Jared wipe a tear , try not to be draw into feel - nancy ( cont 'd ) for you father it be a little more complicated than that . ext . arkansas highway - moment later Nancy 's car travel the highway . her car peal leave and we continue up the highway . nancy you call . Church leave . or right if you wanna go see a movie instead . int . hope spring first baptist ministry - later Jared enter from the podium side with he mother as the choir belt out the final bar of - ' someday 's as Jared sit , he catch eye with Chloe who enter with Wayne ( a new couple ) . Chloe , surprised , offer a small smile . Wayne , however , blank he . then the crowd settles : Marshall be head down the aisle , greeting folk when -- he see Nancy and offer a smile , before spot Jared . he freeze a beat , but then cover and offer a mini salute . Jared turn back , focus he eye to the front as -- 113a . marshall the night before the crucifixion . Jesus and the disciple be head down the kidron Valley toward the Garden of gethsemane . vine be everywhere . ( more ) 114 . marshall ( cont 'd ) on Jared , aware that he presence have create a stir . marshall ( cont 'd ) so Jesus point to the vine and say this word : ' just like that grape depend on the vine , so should you depend on I . 's on Jared focus on he father , in he element . you can tell he be charismatic as the congregation hang on he word . marshall ( cont 'd ) ' be fruitful 's be the subject of today 's sermon . ext . church parking lot - early evening Jared and Chloe walk in silence until they reach Nancy 's car . woman o.s. Goodbye , Jared . Jared turn and wave to the woman get in she car . chloe see ? not everyone want you to burn in hell . she hit he playfully . they hear a car horn blast . a large pick - up cruise in the background : Wayne . as Jared and Chloe hug goodbye , Wayne sound the horn , sharply , one more time . Jared watch Chloe totter to the car . once she 's in , the car lurch and stop . then Wayne get out . he approach Jared . wayne yo . Chloe want I to apologize . jare it 's okay Wayne . wayne just shake my hand . ( he do . Wayne grip ) stay away from she . yeah ? we do not wanna see you again around here . or you and I get trouble . jare you be on my father 's property . 114a . wayne you father agree with I . you be a abomination . do not come near we ( more ) 115 . wayne ( cont 'd ) ( head for the car ) or , I swear to God I will get my m - 4 and put one in you skull . true hate right there . but Jared meet it with kindness . jare you know Wayne . you or anyone could 'a be bear just the same . wayne then I have shoot myself . nancy o.s . we could arrange that Wayne . I be sure there 's plenty of gun here . Jared turn to see Nancy have arrive back at the car . nancy okay . sorry . sorry . jare it 's okay . Wayne be just leave . ext . eamon family home - porch - night the yard be dark and still in the approach winter . Jared sit alone , ruminate on all thing when the door open . marshall I have get some work to do and then I be go to turn in . jare Ministry look good , dad . marshall glad you could make it . well , if I do not see you early , I will see you in a few week at Christmas . jare I will not be here for Christmas . Marshall stop . nod . it be what it be . jare ( cont 'd ) do you hear about the article in the Times I have get come out ? ( hold - he do ) do you know what it 's about ( more ) 116 . jare ( cont 'd ) marshall ( he know ) listen I do not want to get into a fight . you mother tell I about - jare it 's not a fight . I be just do the right thing . letting you know . ( beat ) I have write more , and the publisher be talk about I put together a whole book . you do not need to read any of it , but I just need you to know that it might be out there . and -- marshall yeah . well , now I know . Jared be arming up for a confrontation . hard as it be . jare but , it might be good for you to read ... because you also never really ask what go on there . ( beat ) you never really know the staff or - and Marshall continue inside , leave Jared unresolved . int . eamon family home kitchen - night Marshall make note for a sermon , he bible beside he . suddenly , a newspaper place down : Jared 's article ( a few in fact ) . Nancy hold Marshall 's look . she pick up the bible . nancy I think you have read that one . he go to take she hand but she move off . we see Jared in the background , like he do the night pastor wilk and Jim help determine he fate , peer through the door . ext . eamon family home - early morning Jared load he car . he close the trunk . he look to the house . his dad be not come to say goodbye . he hug he mom . 116a . Jared be about to drive away . but he mom knock on the window and Marshall appear at the passenger window . 117 . marshall you mind drive I to the dealership ? get some stuff to organize . Marshall get in and they pull away . Nancy wave good bye . omitted int . jare be car —- early morning Jared drive and look across to - Marshall deep in think , he eye train to the front . ext . car dealership —- morning Jared get out of the car as he father move toward the entrance . his father turn -- marshall come on in for a second . int . marshall's dealership - morning Marshall turn , look around in the expansive showroom . he seem confuse . agitate . jare be there anything you need help with ? otherwise I should -- Jared turn hesitantly , to leave . but then - marshall hold on . this be go to be for Christmas . ( he hand Jared key ) it 's a explorer . you mother say you and you friend drive up -- jare dad . I live in New York . I do not need a car . ( beat ) I do not want to pretend anymore . it 's okay dad . I be okay without all this . ( more ) 117a . jare ( cont 'd ) unless we be go to speak to each other properly . like - ( beat ( more ) 118 . jare ( cont 'd ) I be gay . I be gay and I be you son . and neither of that thing be go to change . hold . Marshall breathes . he look out over the dealership - marshall this be all go to be yours you know ? ( beat ) still will be . I mean , to run and make a live from . but , I know you get other fish to fry . ( beat ) I run you grandfather 's mill , like he want , until I have the gall to tell he I do not want that . he be still look around , not make eye contact . then -- marshall ( cont 'd ) I stay up all night try to think of good reason to convince you to keep everything to yourself ... the book and whatnot ... but then I think that would be like you grandpa force I to run the mill . Jared listen . marshall ( cont 'd ) I like to do what I want , so who be I to get in anybody else 's way ? he turn to Jared . marshall ( cont 'd ) the truth be I do want you to do well and have a good life . I know we do not agree on a handful of thing . and , I realize by what 's happen , I have set myself up to lose you . I have to ask myself and God if I be ready for that . ( beat ) you mother say a prayer that she get comfort from . whether it be she that need to change and not you ... my prayer do not so much give I comfort . I do not think I be ready to lose you and so I want to let you know - ( more ) 119 . marshall ( cont 'd ) Marshall be not the eloquent man he be in church . marshall ( cont 'd ) -- that I be go to try . I be sorry it 's not more , and I understand if that be not good enough for you . that 's on I . ( beat ) Son , I tend to be more eloquent in front of full congregation than this . I guess , I prepare for that . he take a big breath in and out . smile ruefully . marshall ( cont 'd ) ' I be try 's be the subject of today 's sermon . Marshall hang he head . Jared step forward and hug he . jare Mom be come to New York for Christmas . you be welcome to come too . have a think about it . hold wide as father and son embrace . then Jared remove himself and set the key down . if it be you will - by Leonard Cohen as sung by Antony and the johnson start and carry through -- int . jare be car — day Jared drive free and alone along a stretch of Arkansas countryside . he crack the window to let in the warm breeze . and he hand go out the window to dance in that breeze . CUT to black : ----- credit ----- footnote . l.i.a. be dismantle in 2012 . despite be discredite by the american psychiatric Society , it be still legal in 45 state of America for parent to commit they child to conversion therapy . practice of electric shock , solitary confinement , and various other form of physical and psychological abuse have be report 120 . syke leave l.i.a. in 2005 . he be now openly gay and marry to a man in Paris Texas , U.S.A . this film be dedicated to all the victim . alive and dead . Leonard Cohen --- if it be you will . if there be a choice . let the river fill . let the hill rejoice .