- boyz wn the hood a original screenplay hy John singleton August 10 , 1990 . revise August 31 , 1390 ( bl ) revise September 10 , 1930 { pk} revise September 14 , 1990 ( yl ) revise September 24 , 1990 ( gr ) revise September 28 , 1390 ( gr ) wgaw # 424602 from L.A. black . cinema in effect fae dealing a new hand ' lix.com screenplay database > for educational use only é '' fade in : . credit qver the credit , we hear the distant sound of people shouting loud obscenity , this be follow by automatic gunfire , and then by the pierce noise of police vehicle and surveillance helicopter . a symphony of street noise . black screen a quote appear over this audible image . title card : " one out of every twenty - two Black american male will be murder each year . '' dissolve to : title card : " most will die at the hand of another Black , male . '' we hear the sound of a steel door slam as we ... flashcut to : int . tre's room ~ day view from overhead we hear bird chirp , dog bark , car horn , morning ambience . a peaceful image . it be the ordinary live space of a ten year old male child . poster of spiderman , the xrman , and the incredible hulk adorn the wall . sleep in the bed be a small brown boy of about ten year of age . he have close cut hair and brown soulful eye . this be tre style . Tre wake with a slight startle as he mother enter the room . she move with the speed of a rocket and the grace of a bird . this be reva , Tre 's mother . reva ( sing ) . good mern to you ! good morning the youl good morning , good morning , good morning to you ! time to get up ! ~ she pull open the blind send ray of sunlight on he head . tre {with close eye ) I be already up . reva then open you eye . Tre do so . ( continued } 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 3/24/90 2. 1 continued : reva good ! that 's better . { she stand to leave ) I have a class till seven tonight - sq be in by five . I will call to make sure . do not forget to brush you tooth , wash you face and comb you hair . there 's something to eat on the stove for you . bye . tre bye . she leave . Tre pause for a moment , close he eye and get back under the cover . reva come back and jerk he out of hed . reva get up little boy ! dissolve to : 2 ext . lawrence street~inglewood , CA ~ day there be a montage of different corner . on each be a red and white sign which say one way . on the last corner we see Tre wait . he be join by three other child , a boy and two girl . they be bobby , a budd criminal look ten year old . trina , a little girl who act like she have she own apartment . and keisha , who be shy . they begin walk together towards school . a pack of stray dog run through the street , some be knock over trash can in search of food . bobby - what up Tre ? you do you homework ? tre what homework ? not for real , yeah '' I do it . bobby can I copy it ? tre — Hell no . too bad you should have do it yourself . trina do y'all hear they shoot last night ? tre yeah I hear it . I get under my bed , ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only 2 revise 9/28/90 3. continued = bobby you a scarycat . trina my momma say a bullet do not have no name on it . bobby I be not afraid to get shot . both my brother be shot and they still alive . . tre ~ they lucky . the kid walk along for a moment in silence . Bobby break the ice . bcbby y'all wanta see something ? tre what ? they all stop . bobby I be not say what . do you want to see it or not ? the kid all nod " yes " . CUT to : ext . alley ~ day there be a long row of garage . among each port there be trash pile up very high . one pile be section off with vellow tape which read '' do not Cross ! '' there be more stray dog sniff and lick the ground behind the yellow tape . Tre scare they away while Bobby simply pull the tape away and lead the other into the pile . tre what you gonna show we , 4 bunch of fishhead ? ( sing a few hars of the fishhead song ) bobby I know who be do the shoot last night . . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/28/90 4. 3 continued : tre yahhh ! yahnh ! get outta here ! Bobby pull up the tape . Tre kick over some rubbish to reveal several bloody spot , garbage cover with blood . there be also more than a few piece of gray matter scattered about . the girl gasp in horror . keisha seem more affect than trina . tre look at this sight with indifference , it be a familiar sight . trina be that blood ? what happen ? bobby what do you think ! somebody get smoke ! look at the hole in the wall ! you stupid ! . trina " least I can tell my time table ! +». look why be the blood turn yellow ? tre that 's what happen when it separate from the plasma . bobby what 's plasma ? keisha can we go now ? trina what 's all that grey stuff ? tre that 's he brain . keisha begin to cry even louder now . she run off down the alley . Tre run after she . ( continued ) {? 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only % revise 9/28/90 5 . 3 continued : keisha as she slow down and cringe near a garage door . she be cry up a storm now . Tre go over to she and hold she . tre do not cry keisha , do not cry . keisha I ...1 ... they shot my brother . Bobby and trina join they . bobby what 's wrong with she ? tre her brother get smoke last year . - dissolve to : - 4 int . mrs . olaf' 5 tr grade classroom - day the scene open with a montage of overlap image of child drawing of life in South Central L.A. . some of they be funeral scene , helicopter , gang write , fancy car own by dope dealer , ete . one draw say '' increase the peace " . we soon pull back from the last draw to reveal they location on the wall of the classroom and to reveal Tre draw a picture of a Black superhero name blackman with a B on he chest . the teacher be canduct a history lesson with a pointer in hand . this be mrs . olaf a skinny fray haire white lady in she midnforty . she be upset with her-position in the world , this be reflect in she condescending attitude towards she student , all of whom be Black and Hispanic . mrs . olaf and so that 's why we celebrate Thanksgiving , to commemorate the unity between the Indians - ~ cop - ~ ~ I mean the Native Americans and the early English settler who - be call ....? class ? the CLASS the pilgrim ! mrs . olaf yes , the pilgrim ! ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only '' revise 9/24/90 4 continued : ' lix.com screenplay database for educational use only tre ( not look up from he draw ) the penguin ! mrs . olaf who say that ? 5a . ( continued ) revise 9/24/30 g. ro 4 continued : the class laugh and point to Tre . mrs . olaf Mr. style . tre ( he look up ) that 's I . mrs . olaf why be it you always have something funny to say ? tre Cause I be a comedian ! the class laugh . : mrs . olaf would you like to teach the class ? the class go " ocoh ! " at this challenge . tre yeah , I can do that . 1 Mrs. olaf be surprised . mrs . olaf very well then , come up here ... and instruct we . '' Tre cooly walk up to the map . nearby Bobby sit . it be evident that he be jealous . Tre have catch the .attention of the entire class . . tre ( cooly ) can I have that ? . ( indicate the pointer Tre begin to speak but not before Mrs. olaf stop he . mrs . olaf what will be the basis of you lecture ? tre what ? mrs . olaf nenunciate ) what be you go to talk about ? ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/24/90 Te 4 continued : tre I be gonna teil you if you let I talk ! shoot ! the class laugh . tre okay . alright , do anybody know what the name of this place be ? the pointer be on the continent of Africa . trina that 's Africa , I know that . tre that 's right , that 's Africa . but do you know that Africa be the place where they find the body of the first man ? bobby yeah , I know that . I hear it in a song once . . tre my 's daddy say that make it the place where all people originate from , that mean everybody be really from Africa . ( gesture with pointer ) everybody , all of y’all , everybody . bobby I be not from Africa , I be from crenshaw mafia ! he throw up a gang sign . tre like it or not you from Africa . bobby I be not from no Africa . you from Africa ! you African booty scratcher ! the class laugh , Tre save face by throw some of they a nasty look . they quickly become silent . tre punk , I will kick you ass . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only will revise 9/24/90 . 8. 4 continued : mrs . olaf now , now boy , breathe in and out and count to ten , remember ?! the two boy ignore she . the tension between they be flaring . bobby I will get my brother to shoot you in the face ! tre get you punk ass brother bitch I will get my daddy ! least I get one ~ muthafucka . bobby I be not nobody 's bitch , you a bitch , bitch ! you a bitch , you - daddy 's a biteh and you momma 's a bitch ! bitch } . suddenly , Tre strike Bobby in the head with the pointer . they go head - up into a brawl . Mrs. olaf attempt to pull they apart . the rest of the class be up in arm instigate on one side or another . mrs. olaf now , now , now ! . calm down ! tre get you hand offa I , bitch ! mrs . olat as she face turn tomato red , there be also more than enough fear in she eye . wipe to : 5 ext . lawrence STREET - day we see Tre 's small figure at the end of the street . in the foreground several young man be shoot crap . a few of they - get into a fight . Tre walk towards we through the whole scene . we hear a phone conversation between he mother and Mrs. olaf . mrs . olaf ( v.o. ) well its not as though he be a lose case , he 's a highly intelligent little boy . reva ( v.0 . ) and you be a very perceptive woman , ( continued ) sflix.com screenplay database , for educational use only revise 9/24/90 . 3. 3 continued : 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only mrs . olaf ( v.0 . ) thank you . as I be say he 's highly intelligent , and he vocabulary be enormous , it 's just ... reva ( v.0 . ) yes , go on . mrs . olaf ( v.0o . ) it 's just he have a very bad temper , it make it hard for he to interact with the other child . maybe I can recommend therapy or a child psychologist or something . reva ( v.0 . ) no thank you , we can manage just well , mrs . olaf ( v.0 . ) be there some problem in the home ? be you employ ? reva ( v.0 . ) it really be none of you business , but since you ask , T be employ and I be study to receive my master 's degree . mrs . olaf ( v.0 . ) so you be educate ? | reva ( v.0 . ) listen be we gonna talk about I or my son ? mrs . olaf ( v.0 . ) . I be sorry . well I will be happy to see Tre back in class on Tuesday . - his suspension be only for three day you know . reva ( v.o. ) no , I do not think you will be see Tre at all . ( continued ) revise 9/28/90 10 . 5 continued : mrs . olap ( v.0 ) why not , may I ask ? dissolve to : 6 int . reva' apartment - day Tre walk through the front door on the tail end of he mother 's conversation . reva be in the foreground while Tre listen from the background . reva because Tre be go to live with he father . mrs . olaf ( 0.s. ) his father ? reva yes , he father . or do you think - we make baby by ourselves ? reva slam the phone down . tre stands there smile . tre do you tell she where to go momma ? reva what be we agreement ? what do we put down in write ? she go to the mantle to present a piece of paper . reva . : I Tre style , be of sound mind and body agree not to get into - any dispute whether physical or verbal for the rest of the school year . tf I do not conform with this agreement I will go to live with my father , Mr. furious style . sign Tre style . ( look closer ) you have to work on you handwrite . Tre sigh and lower he head . dissolve to : 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/24/90 11 . 7 int . reva' car - day . as she and Tre drive down crenshaw boulevard , Tre loak in curiosity at the action on the '' strip " . reva I just do not want to see you end up dead or in jail or drunk in front of some liquor store , can you understand that ? ( she look at he ) I be serious . look at I . Tre do so . reva I love you . you be my only son . Tre shed a tear . they come slowly at first but then heavily . reva pull the car over and hold he in she mother arm . 8 ext . crenshaw boulevard ~ day wide shot where we can see reva 's car stop . after a few moment at drive out of frame . dissolve to : 3 ext . hi point avenue ~ day we see eight boy play street football , most Black , some Hispanic . we attention settles om one of they . he be about ten year of age and have light brown eye . this be ricky . in the background several neighbor can be see in front of they home water they lawn or . just plain keep watch on what be go on . sa on the curb we see a group of four boy riding skateboard . they be practice jump from the curb into the street . one of they be a short porky look honey tone kid . this be dough boy , he be the leader of this pack of kid . 9b reva' car turn the corner at the end of the block . Tre wave at the kid on the corner . dough Boy wave back and begin follow the car . reva who be that ? {continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only sa 9b revise 9/28/90 12. sb continued : . 9b tre my friend . we call he dough Boy . * 10 ext . furious style home = day . 10 the car stop halfway down the block at a SMALL spanish style stucco home . in the front yard stand a tall handsome Black man of about thirty year of age . he have serious brown eye , a larger version of Tre 's own . this be Tre 's father , furious style . furious stop rake the leave in he yard and go to greet they , he stick he head through the car window . furious how ya do ? reva do fine , yourself ? furious ifm live that 's enough for I . reva well here he be . the curb where dough bcy can be see in the background . some other boy soon join he . furious you can not say hello ? tre . hi daddy . furious go on and talk with you friend . Tre get out with he bag and do so . 7 reva - well there 's you son . you want ‘em , you get ‘em . furious why be you try to make this so easy ? ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/28/90 13. 10 '' continued : 10 reva hey , it 's like you tell I . I can not teach he how to be a man . that 's you job . besides I can not deal with he anymore he 's start to act like you . furious so what 's wrong with that ? sound fine to I , its better than pay child support , least this way I know where all the money be go . back to the . curb where Tre be talk to dough Boy and the other kid . the shortest of they have a small jeri curl . this be lil CHRIS . dough boy so it 's not no weekend thing no more , you stay for good ? Chris , you know Tre right ? ' member that time we play ball out here ? lil CHRIS yeah , I remember you . you collect all that comic book . you live here now ? Tre nod a yes . he be look at he mother and father talk in the background . dough boy . you still collect comic book ? {to he friend ) Boy this fool get more comic book than a muthafucka . Tre look at ricky in the street throw another pass . reva ( 0.s. ) Tre ! come here . tre watch my stuff . tre go to he mother 's side of the car just as ricky catch a pass in the street . furious walk back to the curb and begin talk to dough Boy and the other kid . ricky what 's up , tre. ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only *\ 19 10 a revise 5/28/90 14 . continued : . 10 tre what 's up , Rick . reva well , it look like you get you friend here . Tre nod a yes . tre when you come to pick I up ? reva ~ whenever you want I to . just call . she give hima kiss . reva listen , this be just a temporary thing . when I get outta school I will get a better job and a place to stay -- maybe a house~=then you can come back and thing will be better . okay ? tre okay mommy . reva' car as she pull away from the curb . in the background Tre stand alone . the lawn 10 a where furious be give the kid a business proposition . Tre join they . furious that 's right , five dollar for - the whole lawn . with not one leaf en it . lil CHRIS five dollar ! that be not shit . I can make more and that do nothing . furious do what ? dough boy he work for he uncle . {continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/28/90 15 . 10a continued : 10 a furious well that 's tao bad . I can get my son to do it . tre do what ? furious rake this leave off the lawn . Tre look at he father as though he be crazy . furious Boy do not you look at I funny when I say do something . here take this . ( he give he the rake ) there 's two trash bag right there on the ground . furious pick up Tre 's large suitcase with one muscular arm . furious later . bough boy damn you daddy mean , he worse than the boogy man himself , you gotta do all this leave . who he think you be ? kunta kinte ? lil CHRIS well , see ya later . {to dough Boy ) . what you mean , the boogy man ? there be not no boogy man . rough boy shut up fool , yeah there be . lil CHRIS if there be I betcha the hulk could whip he ass . they voice fade as the two boy ride they skateboard down the street . a truck go down the street and we hear the deep bass sound of hip - hop from its speaker . tre ( mumble ) yeah , later . Tre begin rake the leave . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only ( 10 a 10b il . 12 12a revise 9/28/90 : 16. continued : . 10a view from overhead as we see the entire yard cover with leave . Tre labor in one part as we , ... dissolve to : the yard : 108 reveal he have clear one part . then another then another . when the yard be clear it be nighttime . Tre walk out of frame pull along two full bag of leave . int . furious style home - night 1 the kitchen be model in typical bachelor fashion . it be a pig 's dream . the dish be pile up high , mighty and dirty . furious pull three tv dinner from the oven . one for Tre , the other for ~ himself . furious go wash you hand . int . style bathroom ~- night 12 where Tre wash he hand . with curiosity he slowly open the shower curtain to reveal , a dirty bathtub with a thick black ring make of old bedy dirt and dead skin . Tre shake he head in shame . back to kitchen 12a where furious sit at the table . he have almost complete he first tv dinner and be beginning the next . Tre seat himself and bow he head in prayer make furious conscious of the fact he have not do the same , furious - ordinarily I cook . but I do not have time to clean up before you mother call . ( a beat ) you know how to cook ? Tre nod a yes . furious : what do you know how to make ? {continued } 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/24/90 17 . 12a continued : . 12a tre ( with food in he mouth ) meat loaf. {he add ) . ala reva . furious ala reva , huh , she teach you how to make it ? tre yup . almost as good as she do it . furious hmm that 's goad , there be a long pause where neither say a thing . furious break the ice . furious want s‘more Kool - Aid ? Tre nod he approval and furious pour he a cup . L dissolve to : a 13 int . live room - night 33 furious have a weight lift bench press in the center of the live room . he lay on the bench press what look to be two hundred pound up and down . Tre pick up a small wrist weight and try to emulate he father . - furious . ( between lift ) listen .... I gotta lay down the '' xule of the house , same thing as the weekend , you remember ? Tre nod a yes. : - furious what be they ? tre be in the house by seven of clock . which be better and momma - - she say * five . do my chore wash the dish . I gotta wash that in there ? furious nod a yes . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/28/90 18 . ae 13 . continued : a 8 tre ( mumble } shit . furious what do you say ? tre nuthin’ . furious watch you language . what 's the rest of it ? tre clean the bathroom sink , floor and tub . I gotta clean that tub ? furious yeah . furious put the weight back on its stand and relax he arm . tre ( shake he head ) clean my room and water the lawn . ( a beat ) t daddy , can I ask you something ? furious oflex he arm ) yeah what ? tre - what do you have to do around here ? furious ( stop to look Tre ) I do not have to do nothin ' but pay the bill , bring home the food and put clothes on you back . tre glad I do not have to pay no bill . furious ( stand ) here , this be for the lawn . it be a five dollar bill . Tre smile as he take it into he hand . ls ( continued ) : 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/28/90 13 continued : thanks . ' lix.com screenplay database for educational use only tre ( continued ) 186a . 13 '' revise 9/28/90 19 . 13 . continued : as furious it may seem like I be be hard on you but I be not , I be just try to teach you how to be responsible . you little friend do not have nobody to show they that . you 'il see how they end up . he look clasely at tre. furious ya know Tre , you be a prince . I be king you be the prince . ..... ~ damn you get big . that 's my boy ! they share a smile and furious get up and walk away . Tre pause for a moment then get up and walk in the direction he father go , he see furious lay on he bed in the master bedroom , his father pull a book off the nightstand and begin read . Tre walk down the hall towards he own room , 14 int . tre's bedroom ~ night 414 darkness be lose as Tre hit a switch illuminate he bedroom . it be a virtual carbon copy of the room at he mother 's only in this one there be poster of Black superhero like luke cage - powerman , the Black panther , the falcon , Storm , and Sir nose with the bop gun . there be also a lot of poster of parliament / funkadelic and George Clinton . Tre climp into he bed and begin watch television and read a comic book as we ... dissolve to : 14a tre . 4a on the bed , in a dead sleep . there be snow on the television . we attention be draw to the open window where the faint sound of the street flow through the curtain and into the room , furious come in and turn it off . he calmly wake Tre up and tell he to get in bed . Tre quickly undress while he father get a extra blanket . furious returns to the room to find Tre back in slumberland . he smile with pride at he young son . in the background the sound of helicopter , police siren and the distant fire of automatic weapon can be hear , ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only 14a 15 i7 18 ig 20 revise 9/28/90 20 . continued : . 14a tre's bed where he can be see . the window we slowly pull into the window as the sound of the street erawl in and build in loudness until ... boom ! furious come into frame and close it . the faint sound of neighborhood warfare be lose . int , the live room ~ night 15 where furious check the lock on the door and close all the the window . on a wall be a large mirror which relfect the room . we see he image as he do he task . with the last window we notice the wind blow the curtain and the street sound come in . furious close the window and we pull in and hold on the window for a second longer than usual . dissolve to : int . tre 's room - later 16 where he be see toss and turn in he sleep . cuT to : int . furious' room - later 17 where he be sleep the same way as he son . : dissolve to : montage of interior cf the house . int . the kitchen ~ night 16 with its dirty dish . the faucet drip . we hear the sound of the drip water over this image . it should get louder as the tension increase . between the follow image we get closer and closer to the faucet until we be in a drop of water and boom we see the open window . int . furious room - night 19 where he be in a deep slumber . int . tre's room - night 20 who be dead to the world also . 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/28/90 22 . 21 int . the live room ~ night where we attention be draw to the window and its curtain which now blow in the evening wind . we hear the faint sound . of automatic gunfire , car with music in the distance . the SOUND invade they home . 21a back tog tre who be still in slumberland . 21b back to live room where a thin figure in cheap corduroy pants and converse sneaker cross the floor . he accidentally stub he knee on the coffee table . 21c back to furious' room where furious instinctively react to the sound in the next room . like a panther he slowly rise and reach underneath the bed , from he room we can see the intruder reflect in the large mirror on the wall . from a shoe box furious pull he .357 magnum and quietly begin load it . ris hand shake with nervousness . suddenly furious notice something . 21d the hallway where Tre walk in he underwear . he be make a late night bathroom rug . when he reach the bathroom he calmly close the door . the drip SOUND be at its loudest now . it immediately stop when the door be close and we cut to : 21£ the intruder who look up at the sound of the close door . he know someone be awake . 21f back to furious . who be in the hallway now . he click the barrel of he gun . slow motion 21g back to intruder who react to the " click " of furious 's barrel and turn to run . furious jump from out of the hallway and fire towards the man . his gun sound off like a cannon . 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only 21 21a 218 2c 21d 2ie 21f 216 ' 21h 211 22 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/28/90 22. the bathroom 218 where Tre hurry to finish pee . he accidently get a little bit on himself . furious 211 slowly approach the door . he have blow two large hole in the wall next to the doorway . outside , neighborhood dog can be hear bark . furious walk to the front of he house where he see one of the man 's sneaker . he bend down to pick up the shee , dissolve to : ext . furious front porch - night / later 22 the shoe which be be hold up and observe by furious who hand it to Tre . we pull back to reveal furious and Tre sit on the step of they home . furious somebody must have be praying for that fool , ' cause I aim right for he head . tre you shoulda blow it off . furious look at he son . furious do not say that . I be glad I do not get ‘em . I woulda just be .- contribute to kill another brother . ( a beat ) where the hell be this fool ? we have be wait for almost a hour . . with that , a l.a.p.d. squad car come racing up the street with its red and blue light flash . it park on the street and two cop exit . one be Black the other be white . his name be graham . the Black one interestingly enough be name coffey . he be a pseudo Black man . Black police show out for da white cop . we notice the sign on the door which read " to serve and protect . " graham we get a call about a burglary here . ( continued ) 22 revise 9/24/90 23. continued : - 22 furious that be a hour ago . coffey we do not ask you that . furious well I tell you . besides , I do not like have my son sit ovt here in the cold . graham what happen sir ? furious somebody break into my house , I ' shot at he with my piece and he run . . * coffey you do not get ‘em ? furious he would be laid out right here in front of you if I do . graham anything steal ? furious nod in the negative . coffey good . no need to file a report . a voice on the police radio summon Graham to the car leave furious , coffey and tre. coffey you should have get he , that would have be one less nigga we have to worry about cut here . - ( he offer he hand to Tre to shake ) . howya do little man ? ' furious wave Tre away from shaking coffey 's hand and give he a cold look in the eye . coffey return the glance . furious just shake he head in shame for this brother and begin walk up the stair with Tre . coffey something wrong ? furious stop and turn to look at coffey for a moment . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only 22 23 24 25 revise 9/28/90 24 . continued : 22 furrious yes . yes there be . too bad you do not know it . they . turn to walk in the house leave coffey on the lawn to think about what furious mean . we hear the voice of sammy Davis Jr. sing the candy man which trancends we into ... dissolve to ; ext . tre's STREET - day 23 where a ice cream truck slowly cruise by . some SMALL child stop the truck to buy some candy . we see the hand of the ice cream man , he finger be adorn with large ornate jewelry . ice cream ( v.q. ) ( like sammy Davis ) what do you cat want ? CUT to : ext . baker family home ~ day 24 where Tre enter the gate with some reluctance . Tre walk onto the porch and wait . we can hear the booming voice of dough Boy 's mother chew he out . this be ms , baker , the mother of dough Boy and ricky . the fact that the two boy have different father drastically affect she parental outlook . she treat each differently one with love , the other with contempt . : ms. baker ( 0.s . ) - you be not shit , you just like you daddy !... be not gonna do shit , be not gonna be shit . all you do '' be eat , sleep , and shit around here ! y'all must think I be a may the way you act . dough boy ( 0.s. ) be that it ? TI gotta go . CUT to : int , baker family home ~- day 25 where we see Ms. Baker lay on the couch shouting at dough Boy and ricky as they go back and forth prepare to leave for a hard day at play . Tre can be see through the screen door . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only 4 ( . revise 9/28/90 25 . 25 continuel : ms . baker Hell naw that be not it ! it be not it till I say its it damn it ! you try to get smart with I ?! knock you ass into next week ! be that it ? and where you go ? you little fat fuck ? you little ass be not get no job ! ( sighting Tre ) who 's this little fucka sit on my porch ? she rise to go to the door . 26 ext . baker family home ~ day 26 where Ms. Baker come onto she porch to get a better look at Tre as well as to see anything in the neighborhood that need see . ms . baker ° oh , you furious 's little boy , huh ? when you daddy gonna come play some card ? he act like he tao good to come around no more . too busy shoot at people , ( a beat ) he still get that same girlfriend ? suddenly , ricky with football in hand come from behind he mother , save Tre from she mouth and she question , ricky Excuse I momma , ~ Tre run aff the porch and into the yard to go out for a pass . ricky throw he one which he gracefully catch . Tre run towards he as if to fake he out . ricky catch he and they share a laugh . tre why you always be play football ? ricky Ball in hand , stop as if he almost have to think out he answer , it come quickly . : ricky Cause that 's what I be gonna be . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/28/30 25a. '' 26 continued : 26 the porch where dough Boy come from behind he mother . he do not bother even acknowledge she presence . dough Boy quickly join the ether two boy who be on the sidewalk . ( continued ) ' lix.com screenplay database for educational use only 27 - revise 9/28/30 26 . continued : . 26 the sidewalk where Tre , ricky and dough Boy stand . dough boy yo , I hear furious shot at somebody last night . ee get ‘em ? tre Neo . Tre 's attention have stray across the street at ... ext . brandi be home ~ day 27 where we see a young girl about the same age help she mother pull grocery out the back of they car . she have long hair which be bound in one large pigtail and wear what look to be a the uniform of a private school .. this be brandi , the neighborhood sweetheart . tre ( ¥.0 . ) who 's that ? dough boy ( v.0 . ) that 's my lady homey . her name 's brandi . back to sidewalk ricky she be not you woman , that 's my woman . dough boy . bow can she be you woman when she my lady ? tre have catch brandi 's eye from across the street . ricky ( 0.s. ) . she 's my wife . brandi returns he interested glance with a smile . dough boy ( 0.s. } she may be you wife but I stick my dinga-l in she every night so that make she mine . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only 27 28 revise 9/24/30 27 . continued : 27 brandi 's mother pull she away into the house . brandi' mother ( 0.s. ) get you fast ass in here and quit - look at they nappy head boy ! back to tre who turn around to see dough Boy and ricky play wrestle in the grass . they stop when they see they have Tre 's attention once more . dough boy you cai not have she cause we share already . {he get up ) * c'mon let 's go see Chris . ricky where 's my ball ? ( he see it ) there it be . tre I can not stay long cause I and my daddy go fishing . dough boy we be not gonna stay long . tre where 's he live ? . wipe : ext , nickerson garden housing project - day : 28 nickerson garden be one the most notorious housing project in South - Central Los Angeles . it be a transient population of people who live in the midst of daily drug peddle and nightly murder . the three boy walk freely through a maze of older boy who be cursing and drink 40 ounce bottle of malt liquor . Tre be look at everything out of the corner of he eye . dough Boy pook as though he be at home . ricky hold he ball close to he . dough boy Rick , why would you haveta bring that bali ? I be not say nothing if it get take . they come to a certain door and knock . Little Chris come out . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only 28 28 30 revise 9/28/90 28. continued : . 28 CHRIS what y'all do here ? dough boy come to see you . with that , the three boy enter . int . little chris' place - day 29 it be a one bedroom apartment . there be crack as old as two grandfather ingrain inte the ceiling . more than a few cockroach enter in and out of this crevice , on a large couch a woman can be see . she have very bad permanently press hair and a face that look ten year ahead of its time . this be donetta cole , Chris 's mother . she be watch the Saturday morning cartoon on a old large 25 inch Black and White set . on screen we see one of that old schoolhouse rock clip , this one teach about verb . donetta drop the ash of she cigarette in a ash tray as two or three cockroach emerge from it . donetta who 's this ? CHRIS this my friend . this be dough , he brother ricky , and that 's tre. donetta . why do not y'all play outside . I just clean up . Chris turn to he friend as if this need repeat . CHRIS we gotta go outside . ext . little chris' place - day . . 30 where the four boy exit . the first thing in sight be the group of man get drunk , CHRIS somebody get smoke today . dough boy where ? ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only '' revise 9/24/90 28. 30 continued : 30 CHRIS ( he point ) around that end . wanta see ? the people still be not come to pick it up . he still on the ground dead to the world . they begin walk in the direction Chris point towards . dough boy Tre 's daddy blast on somebody * last night , * Chris look :at Tre as if he be a new discovery . CHRIS really ? what kind of gun you daddy get ? tre I think it 's a .357 Magnum . ceris really ? I get a deuce deuce . my brother give it to I before he go inna county jail . get it under my bed . wanna see it ? it 's load too . they get to the spot . it be a seventeen year old boy . his body be riddled with bullet . the people nearby walk back and forth go about they business . dough boy . look like freddy kruger get ‘em . * ricky this be not the movie . tre he stink . . CHRIS that 's how they smell after a while ... I wonder why it take they * people so long to pick they up ? man' voice ( 0.s. ) hey , throw the bali ! ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/24/90 30 . 30 continued : . 30 they turn startle to see a older boy of about seventeen year in age , he be wear no shirt and old corduroy which be pull down to reveal the top of he underwear . this be ric rock . CHRIS - ( whisper to ricky ) you throw that ball you be not genna see it again . tre hey you know this a dead body ? . ~ ric rock '' yeah muthafuckas , I know that , shit ! he be not bother you so * do not fuck wit he ! yo , throw the ball little man , I be not gonna - take it . Little Chris , tell this fool I be not gonna take he ' ball . I get enough money to buy I a hundred ball . ( he flash a couple dollar ) shit ! dough boy I tell you net to bring that ball . ricky be in indecision , but he cannot resist show off he arm . he throw the ball , ric rock ° catch the ball and throw ricky a gang sign . ric rock : thanks , blood . * he then turn around to he friend . ric rock yo Dog , catch . mad dog look just like he name imply . he be six - two in height and about as wide as two volkswagon , mad Dog catch the ball with one hand , ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/24/90 31 . 30 continued : . 30 the group of older men begin throw the ball back and forth between they . back . to ricky whe look as though he heart have be take away . the camera come slowly towards he as Chris come into frame from leave and dough Boy from the right to give they dialogue , then cut to single of Tre who lead Rick away . CHRIS I tell you he be gonna take it . dough boy ( who be upset ) you stupid , I tell you not to bring that ball . do n*t have no sense . wait till I tell momma . ricky . shut up ! JI do not care . tell momma . tre c'mon , let 's go home . CHRIS y'all leave ? dough boy no ! hey gimme back my brother 's ball ! * dough Boy walk towards the older boy . CHRIS dough , do not say nothing they * ' might give it back . I know they , they just play . ' Ric rock turn back to look at dough Boy . ric rock what you say fat boy ?! nigga look like the’ michelin man ! the older boy laugh . dough roy I say ... give my brother 's ball back before -- ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only '' 30 30 a revise 9/24/90 . 32. continued : , 30 ric rock before what ? what you fat ass gonna do ? dough Boy charge the older kid try to pull the ball out of he hand . : mad dog yo rock , give da little nigga da . ball back . . ricky and Tre join in try to get the ball . dough Boy get frustrated and kick Ric rock , this upset the older boy who kick dough Boy back , only harder in the stomach . dough Boy go down hold he stomach . Tre and ricky be shocked . they come to dough Boy 's aid . ric rock stupid muthafucka . I be gonna give it to you too , dissolve to : the sidewalk 30 a where the three boy walk . no one say a word . dough Boy be hold he stomach , try to keep he tear from flow . in the background the group of older boy play with ricky 's ball . tre hey man , I gotta football - ~ I do not ever use it much though . tell you what , it 's yours , soon 's we get back . eee dough boy ( hold stomach ) he be not gonna want it , he daddy give he that bali . I wish I could kill that muthafucka . ~ ricky stare at the older boy play . mad Dog catch the ball and the other be beckone he to throw it back to they . mad dog look in ricky 's direction . he pause for a moment as they eye meet almost thirty yard away . suddenly , when it look as though he will give it back mad Dog turn to he homy and throw the ball . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/28/90 33 . 30a continued : 308 the three boy turn to walk away . back to mad dog who motion for one of he friend to throw he the ball . they quickly do so . mad dog oshout out ) hey ! hey little man ! catch ! he throw the ball . slow motion the blue sky as the football linger , fly high and mighty . it stay there . for some . time , ricky run into a position where he think it will come down . there be a look of nervana on he face . a thirty yard pass be come down right into he arm . another angle where time speed back to normal . the ball come down and hit ricky square in the chest . he do not catch it . Tre recover the ball . dough boy - man , you be sorry ! ricky look in mad Dog 's direction and nod a thank you . dough boy ifm go to the store . - ricky what you gonna get ? you be not get no money . dough Boy I be go anyway . the STREET as the three boy walk away into the distance . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/28/90 34 . 30a continued ; . a0a furious ( v.0 . ) be you a leader or a follower ? a lion or a sheep ? irt to : 31 31 ext . palos verde peninsula ~ day montage of ocean element seagull , ocean wave , sailboat - ~ dissolve to each image end on Tre and furious . the rocky shore where furious can be see with he fishing pole in the water . Tre be make sandwich from a bag of grocery they have purchase . . tre . why you always ask I that ? furious just answer I . tre I be a leader . furious what have I always tell you ? tre ( think for a moment ) always comb my hair , wipe my nose and zip my zipper before I leave the house ? furious besides that . what three thing do I always say to you ? think before you answer . . tre ( think for a moment ) oh , I get it . always look a person in the eye . you do that they 'li respect you better . two , you tell I never be afraid to ask you for anything . stealing be not necessary . and the last one I think be to never respect anybody who do not respect you back . that right ? ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only ( revise 9/28/90 31 continued : furious yeah you get it . 35 . a1 there be a pause where neither say a thing . Tre be play with some rock he have find . he be select the smoothest one to keep . furious what you know about sex ? Tre make a goofy grin like a kid . tre tvknow a little bit . furious oh yeah ? what little bit be that ? tre I know I take a girl , stick my thing in she and nine month later @ baby come out . furious you think that 's it ? tre basically , yeah . furious always remember this : any fool with a dick can make a baby but only a real man can take care of he child . . Tre nod to agree with he father . . forious ( cont 'd ) when you mother be pregnant with you I be seventeen . all my friend be drop out of school , hang out in frent the liquor store get drunk , or steal . some of they be even kill people . you remember my friend Marcus , right ? he and I be friend since we be like seven or eight year old . he get into robbing people and he want I to do it with he but I be like , naw man , I get a son on the way . I know you be gonna be a boy . ( more ) ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/28/90 36 . 31 continued : . . 31 furious ( cont would ) so-anyway , I want to be somebody you could look up to that 's why I go to Vietnam ... do not ever go into the army . a Black man do not have any place in there . there be another pause where neither say a thing . Tre take some of he unwanted rock and throw they in the ocean far away from where furious be fishing . tre I throw they over there so the ~ fish would not get scared . furious it 's too late they already be ... you know I rarely catch anything out here . I just come out here to think . wipe : 32 int . furious car = day 32 where furious and Tre ride . Tre be blow he breath on the window and watch it fog up . he make one big fog spot and write he name in the moisture . furious the reason I tell you alli I do be because when I be come up I do not have my father around to tell I thing . you grandmomma could teach I how to be . independent but she could not teach I how to be a man , I have to learn a lot of thing on my own . Tre nod in agreement . a song come over the radio . it 's that song that go go " ooh child , thing be gonna be easier . " furious start bop to the tune from he time as they turn the corner of they street to notice ... 33 ext . baker family home — day 33 where we see a police car park at the curb , the red and blue slashes of light from the overhead pierce the cool evening air , there be a large crowd of people stand nearby observe , ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only 33 33A revise 9/28/90 37 . continued : 33 the yard where dough Boy and Chris be be lead by two officer towards the squad car , handcuff behind they back . ricky stand in the yard while he mother be on the porch . a kid come up to ricky . kid what no they do ? ricky they be steal . the car window , 334 where Tre can be see . the red and blue light illuminate the frost image of he name that be write on the window , the curb where Tre and furious get out of they car . down the street the Police have load the boy in the squad car and turn they siren on to remind the neighborhood of they existence . the car come down the street in Tre 's direction , tre as he look towards the car . tre's p.o.v. as he see dough Boy and Little Chris with bow head in the o3ck of the car . dough Boy look up from the seat just in time reverse angle / dough boy' Pov as the car slowly go past Tre and leave he in the distance , dough look back down as the sound of siren get iouder and transcend we into ... : dissolve to ; burn in title : Seven year later . the sound of a police siren be mix into the sound of child make a police siren sound . 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only 34 344 revise 9/28/90 38 . int . baker family home ~ day 34 the kitchen * where we sea a little boy of about two year of age play with a toy police car . he have a big round head and large round almond color eye . this be lil ricky . the socialize voice of several people can be hear nearby . Little ricky move the car around and then stop to pound on it . we see a few pair of adult leg walk past the small child . one feminine pair of leg stop . woman you better go outside . you daddy want you . Little ricky look up in curiosity at the woman . he gracefully lift himself from the floor and walk in the direction of the backyard accidently or intentionally step on the police car . fuck da police wit symbolism boyyee !! . we follow the small boy until he come to the door of the yard ~ * and we see ... the backyard 34a which be fill to the brim with people . there be a barbecue party go on . Music play on a speaker and there be a group of people dance on the pavement . we see a large paper sign which read welcome back dough boy . in a corner several young man be play a loud game of domino . in another section , labor over a sizzling barbecue pit stand a large young man of seventeen . he be wear a Washington High School football jersey . he shout at the small boy . ricky . come here ! Little ricky walk reluctantly towards he father . ricky tenderly pick up he young son and continue to poke and turn the cooking meat . ricky cfmere . what you do , huh ? you want to learn how to barbecue ? suddenly , Mrs. Baker come up . she look almost unchange . the year have treat she well . mrs . baker ricky you not watch this meat . all you do be poke at it . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only h revise 9/28/90 39 . 34a continued : . 34a with that , a young woman of about seventeen come in they crowd . her hair be neat but cheaply perm and the biker short that she wear more than show off she young firm figure . this be shanice , ricky 's girlfriend and the mother of they child . she offer to take ricky into she arm . shanice I will take he . ricky ( lightly shrugging she off ) naw shanice I get he . go on back to talk to you friend . Mrs. Baker be observe this conservation out of the side of she eye and with one ear . we should get the feel that the limited space behind the barbecue pit be make she uncomfortable . sranice ricky , I get to check he diaper . ricky turn he son over to smell he pants . ricky he be not wet . so go on . go on it get ‘em . wait a minute , c’mere . ( she come back and he give she a real delicious kiss ) mrs . baker | that 's how y'all get that one ! make sure she take they pill I do not want a whole stack o' baby run around here . I will be the '' only one take care of ‘em , 348 a tasle 34b where four gangstas be seat . they be play a ruthless game of domino . by the way they play you would think money be involved . they smack they piece onto the table make a sharp sound with every move , we attention be draw to the large of this brother , it be dough Boy , who be now a gangsta . his face look harden with the year . we also recognize Little Chris , a jeri curl still in he head , there be now only a blank cold stare in he eye , the gleam of youth be lose . also at the table be monster , who lock just like he name imply . and dooky , who be call this because he wear he hair in big dooky -shape gangsta style braid . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only 345 34c 34d 34e revise 9/24/90 40 . continued : . 348 dough boy ( slamm a piece down ) domino muthafucka , what you say * to that nigga ? what you say to that ? monster fool that be not shit . I still beat you ass three time already . that 's just one time , nigga . let 's play again . * dough boy naw , I do not want to play again . let 's bust some spade . he open a deck of card and begin deal they . dooky . I want to get with one of the hootchy over there . across the backyard 34 '' sit a group of female about ten of they in a cluster . all wear truk jewelry and have nice nail . they be talk among themselves . among they be a strike drop dead fine babe who be try to avoid the stare of the other guy at the party . this be brandi , seven year later . in another corner 34d be some obviously athletic look brother , friend of ricky 's . a back to table 345 dough boy . dooky , you fulla shit ! nigga be not * no bitch gonna give yo ugly ass no pussy . dooky nigga i. bet I get mcre pussy than you , dough boy yeah , muthafucka you be get that dopehead pussy . I get more pussy than you get air . wit yo wannabee mack daddy ass . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/28/90 40a . a 34e continued : 348 dooky whe you call wannabee mack daddy ? ( continued ) ' lix.com screenplay database for educational use only ay revise 9/24/90 4l . 34e continued : 34e dough boy you nigga ! no pussy get muthafucka ! be fuck they dopehead , stupid nigga . dooky nigga you do not know what I be get . I do not be fuck no dopehead . i might let they suck my dick but I do not be fuck ‘em . shit ... they get aids and shit . - monster stupid muthafucka , do not you know you can get that shit from let they suck you dick too ? dough boy * thank you . . * CHRIS * yeah , right . rarr dough boy * you a mark . * dooky think for a moment . dooky well I be not sick . I be not all skinny and shit . CHRIS whatch you mean , you be not skinny ?! you so skinny you can houla hoop through a cherrio ! and fool , you do not have to be sick , you could die five year from now from that shit . + b to dooky be take aback . dooky y'all try tc scare I . {a beat ) can you really get it from let they suck you dick ? ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/24/90 41a. 34e continued : : 345 dough boy {takes a drink outta he bottle ) dust keep you ass back . and do not be ask to drink out the same bottle . dough look up to notice . the patio doorway where we see a young man dress in smooth black slack and a nice fashionable black shirt . his head be smoothly cut with more than a few mosaic line go through it . we recognize the eye . this be Tre , seven year later . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only revise 9/28/90 42. 34e continued : oo 34e the barbecue pit where ricky nod a hello to he best friend . Little ricky wave alsa . Rick 's eye tell Tre to guide he attention in a certain direction . the group of girl be all whisper among each other . brandi , seem most affect by Tre 's presence . tre look at brandi from across the lawn . he smile as they eye meet . suddenly , from behind come Mrs Baker who give he a hug . mrs . baker . Tre ! how you do , sugar ? tre dust fine mamm . mrs . baker that 's good . the food will be ready in a moment . I be go inside to bring out the rest of the stuff . potato salad and thing like that . go on , everybody 's here . go talk to darin ... talk to he seriously . maybe something you get will_rub off on he . 34f the table 34f where dough Boy and company acknowledge Tre 's entrance . Tre walk towards the table to greet dough Boy , he give he a grip and a hug . tre what 's up , dough . dough boy what 's up mack daddy , I hear you be like mister g.q. smooth now . you work over at the Fox Hills mall ? ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only y revise 9/24/90 43 , 34f 9 continued : a4f tre yeah , I get a discount on clothes and shit . you like ? bough boy you look like you sell rock . . CHRIS Tre , you be pump that rock ? * tre Hell naw , I do not be do that shit . dough boy you can not anyway , you daddy would kick you ass . how 's he do ? tre he 's alright . there be a pause . Tre be still nodd " hi " to several people . dough Boy keep the air move by continue conversation . dough boy I guess you hear I be outta the pen new . I ’ma try to stay out this time though . tre that 's what we be here to celebrate , right man ? nlook at dough ) how would you get so big ? . dough boy work out nigga . what else you think there be to do in there ? tf be pump that iron at least three time a day . Rest of the time I spend read or write to one of my girl . monster reading ? dough boy yeah muthafucka ! I be not no criminal , I know how to read , shit . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/24/90 44 . 34f continued : . 34 F tre yo , what 's brandi do here ? her mother let she out the house now or what ? dough boy she you bitch , you know more 'o I know . CHRIS mmmm , mmm , Lord help I . you still * on that Tre ? with that all of they look in the direction the girl be sit . 346 the girl 34g where shanice sit with she friend . they be rene and shalira . brandi be on the sideline of . the conversation she be quiet . only observe ... shalika mmmm , mmm . who be that shanice ? shanice that 's Tre , ricky 's best friend . he use to be best friend with dough Boy when they be little . they all be try to act like they brother and all . shalika girl , he 's fine . I have like to rush '' that .. he go to Washington ? shanice nod in the positive and look over at brandi as if to see she reaction . rene oh , I see he before , he work - at the Fox Hills mall . shalika do he have a girlfriend ? brandi ( with attitude ) yes , the other two girl look over at she as if she appear in a puff of smoke , ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/28/90 as . 34g continued : 34g shalika ocoh jamica I be scoping on she man , he 's cute anyway , you better keep he ass somebody might steal - he , 34h the serving table 34h where Mrs. Baker and ricky unload a pile of rib into a pan . mrs . baker come ~ and = get - iti . everybody come in force to the table . Tre , dough Boy and the other guy move swiftly towards the table . when Chris leave the table it become apparent that the chair he be sit in be actually a wheelchair , a casualty of neighborhood warfare . he have lose the use of he leg . the group of man surround the table and it look as though the woman will be leave out . Tre do a double - take , tap dough Boy on the shoulder and give he a look . tre {to the guy ) hey , why do not y'all act like gentleman and let this lady eat first ?! dough Boy , who already have he plate in hand , catch on to Tre 's 's game . play it off , he give he tray to the nearest female face . dough boy . yeah , y'all act like y'all aint never have no barbecue before . let this lady eat . hoe gotta eat too . shalika . wait minute now ! who you call a hoe ?! I be not no hoe ! - dough Boy ooops , oh that 's right , I be sorry bitch . the man part to let the lady pass and begin fix they plate . tre be look in the opposite direction when he be catch off guard from behind . he turn to see . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only 34h 341 revise 9/28/90 45 . continued : : 34h brandi who have a full plate . tre hi. brandi hello . why you be not call I in five day ? there be uneasy space between they . Tre decide to let it wait . in the background the guy rush the food . . tre just a second . brandi be leave hang . she just nod it off and walk to find a place to eat she food . tre . 341 join ricky at the table , both begin fill they plate . ricky yo man , what 's up ? look like she want to talk with you . tre I know . I be take my time . brandi be sit down in a corner . she try to begin eat she food but cannot stomach it . instead she cover she plate and get up . ricky oh , so you try run that game , huh ? tre nlook down at the food ) yeah ... how be I do ? ricky look over to see brandi say goodbye to he mother . she be leave . ricky uhh , you be do fine but just one thing . tre what ? ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only 7 '' . 34i 35 36 revise 9/28/90 47 . continued : 34t ricky . she leave . tre what ? Tre look up to view the entire backyard . brandi be nowhere to be see . . tre damn , ricky take a forkful of the potato salad . ricky yo this some good tata salad , you on some of this .. Tre give he a crazy look . wipe to : ext , the - sidewalk - day 35 where Tre walk with a plate in hand . he see something . the STREET where two year old baby walk in the street . Cars have slowed down and honk loudly . back to tre who go out and pick the baby up . he walk towards a home . ext . home ~ day . 36 where Tre knock on the door . the woman that answer be thin and emaciate , a crack addict , pipe in hand and all . this be sheryl , a strawberry . tre why do not you watch you baby , she gonna get hit one of this day . sheryl take the baby with a daze look on she face . she look at Tre with interest . sheryl you get some blow ? I '11 suck it ... Tre look at she with disgust . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 's 9/28/90 48. 36 continued ; 36 tre . just keep she out the street . and change she diaper , girl almost smell worse than you . Tre walk away . 37 ext . the STREET - day 37 where Tre enter without look , still shaking he head in shame . car p.o.v. as Tre 's figure in the street come up fast . tre as he be startle by the car that have stop in front of he . it be a 1991 red Hyundai with dark tinted window . the car stop and then slowly cruise past tre. . the car' window revealing a older dude with a large jeri curl and a face like a clench fist . this be ferris . he appear for a moment and reveal the barrel of a twelve gage shotgun and point it at tre. tre's eye as they widen . he hope they will not shoot he . ( dolly - Zoom here . ) back to window we as a hand come out and make a gang sign . ferris whatup blood ?!! the car then screech down the street and out of sight . Tre cooly regains he composure and walk towards he house . . CUT to : 38 int . furious style home ~ the kitchen - day 38 where Tre enter . furious be at the table write check for bill . Tre put both plate down for he father to see . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/28/90 49 . '' = , 38 continued : 38 furious what 's this ? barbecue ? you do not bring I no swine do you ? tre naw 's pop , Mrs. Baker tell I to bring you a plate . furious ( taste some of the food ) tell she thanks . tre say , pop , can I get on one of that stamp ? furious if you mean can you baye one , yes . what do you need it for ? I gotta send out my sat application . I be take it again remember ? '' furious pull one stamp off and hand it to he son . ' tre ( touch the side of he head ) yo could you fix my fade ? ° cur to : 38a montage of tre's head 38a we start close on the back of Tre 's head as a razor closely shave off some hair . a dissolve and we be on the side of he head with razor and move towards he eye . then we cut to Tre 's p.o.v as furious look into camera with sisser in hand put the finish touch on he head . furious 's eyeline be just above the camera he attention should be on Tre 's head . also between cut on this scene we see clump of kinky hair float to the floor . . furious ( 0.s. ) almost finish . you want one ah they gumby top again ? tre naw , pop -- that shit be weak . ii . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only fr revise 9/28/30 50 . 3b8a continued : 38a furious something wrong ? tre no , ifm just look at you ... you get old . furious you the one get old . tre you old . you older than dirt . furious . I be older than dirt , huh ? you know I be only seventeen year older than you . some of you friend get daddy in they forty and fifty big old sloppy cat with pot belly . tre you will be like that someday . Big , old , fat juicy roll belly , sit in a rock chair , and read the funny papers and stuff . then my kid , you grandchild , they will be run all around you talk about grandaddy , grandaddy gimme a dollar , gimme a dollar . - furious you think so huh ? - {he do a double take } wait , wait , wait what 's all this talk about grandchild ? he be finish with Tre 's head . Tre walk * bflix.com screenplay database for educational use only tre - whatcha you mean ? furious what 's all this shit about grandchild ? you use that rubber I give you ? I be not ready to be no granddaddy yet . away . tre aw pop , why you sweat I ? do not worry I can take care of myself . ( continued ) revise 9/24/90 sl . 36a continued : . 38a furious Tre . Tre come here . come here . sit down . Tre do so . furious look he son up and down . tre something wrong , I get something on I ? furious ( a beat ) have you have pussy yet ? tre what ?... yeah I have . furious when ? tre . what ? furious you hear I . look I in the eye , you know what I tell you about that . tre last summer , furious with who ? brandi ? you be tapping they leg ? - * * tre naw somebody else . Tre sit back and think . | cur to : 39 ext . crenshaw boulevard - day 39 we sea a row of customize volkswagen . we attention settles on one of this where Tre be lean against he blue v.ww , talk with ricky and some other brother . they turn around to seé a group of five girl , cruise by in a v.w. rabbit convertible , the girl step and the group of guy stand at the curb move in a throng to talk to then . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/19/90 s1a . os 33 continued : 39 tre ( v.o . ) it be a Sunday . Rick and I be kick it up on crenshaw . {more ) ( continued ) ' lix.com screenplay database for educational use only revise 9/24/90 52 . 39 continued : 39 tre ( cont would ) all this female roll up in a rabbit . everybody start to bum rush they , try to get they number and all . we attention settles on one of this girl . she have light brown eye and a body right out of a jet centerfold . this be tisha . tisha be play off the advance of the guy to attract the attention of Tre . tre ( v.0 . ) there be this girl , everybody be try to rush . baby be fine , body be ' boomin' , like right outta jet centerfold of something . tisha get out of the car and walk straight towards Tre . the erowd of guy part to let she gracefully advance . tre ( v.o. } . so I be like eyeing at she right ? ... and baby get out of the car and walk right up on I . then she break out with . we see tisha talk with Tre 's voice . she do so everytime she speak . tre ( v.0 . ) } '' be this you ride " ? I say , '' yeah , you wanna ride wit I " ? she say , " no I wanna drive it . " I asx , " can you drive a stick " ? she say , " I can learn , if you teach I . " so I then I go into my mack daddy mode cause I be get a woodie ' in my sweat y'know and I say , " give I you number and I will * eall you for a lesson . '' we pull into tisha as she smile . * wipe to : * 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/24/90 . 53 . 40 ext . tisha 's house — day ' 40 where we see two elderly women leave dress in immaculate white dress , we pull back to reveal Tre sit in he car wait for they to leave . when they do he sneak towards the front door . tre ( v.0o . ) next week , I be over she house . * her mother and grandmother be leave for church . I say hello to they before they leave . tre bs he knock on the door . tisha as she answer . she put she arm around he and they begin kissing . Tre hastily close the door behind he . tre ( v.0. } . as scon as I hit the doorway we begin kissing . and we be go at it , no stop . I pick she up and carry she into she room . * al int . tisha's room = day . ad where Tre enter carry tisha in he arm . they hit the bed and be at it . dissolve to : 41a the bed 41a where Tre and tisha be do da wild thang . they react to something in the next room , ( note we start on they from across the room then move across room into a reaction from Tre . ) tre ( v.0 . ) we be only twenty minute into it when she mother and grandmother come back . 42 int . live room ~ day 42 we see tisha 's grandmother look around the live room . she find the object she be look for , she purse . she then begin to sniff the air , ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only revise 9/28/90 54 . 42 continued : . 42 tre ( v.0 . ) it seem that she grandmother forget she purse and want to make sure she have something to put in the collection plate . she 2 start towards tisha 's room , I guess you could smell the sex in the air . tisha 's grandmother open the door only to see tisha apparently sleep in she bed . the window curtain blow in the wind . tisha 's grandmother look out the window to see Tre walk away pull he pants up . she turn and begin beat she granddaughter in bed . tre { v.0 . ) by that time I be on my way back to my car . cut to : 43 int . furious' kitchen = day 43 where Tre finish he story . tre and that 's the last I ever see of tisha . I call but everytime I do she grandmother answer the phone and say she can not talk right now . furious as we see he face , cover with concern . furious what do you use ? tre . I use the same number she give = '' I . furious no , I mean what do you use ? tre othink for a moment ) aw man why you sweat I ? I do not have to use : nuthin’ . she say she be on the pill . furious bow he head . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only x 43 44 revise 9/28/90 35 . continued : 43 furious do not I tell you even if a girl say she 's on the pill to use something anyway ?! a pill will not keep you dick from fall off ! ch shit , what the hell you will learn , why do you always like learn shit the hard way ? furious get up to walk away and then turn back around . furious I be not ready to be no granddaddy ! »». and clean up this hair . Tre sit back and think to himself . dissolve . to : - int . tre's car - day : 44 where he be still in a think mode . ricky get in on the passenger side . there be a long pause between they . ricky what 's wrong with you ? tre nothing . with that , Tre start up he car and begin drive towards school . he drive for a while in silence . ricky be eat a bacon and egg sandwich . he offer Tre some . ricky wanna bite ? Tre nod in the negative . ricky guess what ? recruiter from sc 's come tonight . tre that 's good . you know I have never lie to my father ? ricky never ? tre well almost never . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/24/90 56 . ae a4 continued : 44 ricky where 's this come from ? tre . . ( a beat} I lie to pop yesterday , tell he I be not no virgin . ricky but you be not . be you ? Tre nod a yes . of . tre well , technically speak I have not , I mean I have suck some titty and finger bang a couple of hunny but I never stick it not ricky look long at he friend . a piece of egg hang off of he lip . he lick it up . ricky why not ? 'o Tre look at ricky out of the corner of he eye . tre you really wanna know ? ricky I ask do not 1 ? tre . {a beat ) I be afraid . ricky burst into laughter . ricky ~ . what you afraid of ? tre , of be a daddy . ricky stop laugh . ricky oh. ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only n 44 4s 46 revise 9/24/30 57 . continued : tre but I be get old , shit , now that I wanna flap some skin brandi be not down for it even if I wear a jimny . Tre turn on the radio and King News from kday come on . his monologue play over the follow montage and then we hear a song . king news it 's 78 degree in the city at 7:45 and I be King News with ' the . Truth . ' well , you gangbanger have do it again . there be another driveby shoot yesterday afternoon . now five child be dead . they be kill as they leave the schoolyard . well gangbanger how do you feel ? you feel tough ? I suppose none of you have little brother or sister . how would you feel if someone shot you small sister or brother in cold blood ? you would not feel good . you would probably feel the same way the family of that five child feel . something to think about .... and that 's the truth . wipe to : ext . baker house - day where we see dough Boy and he boy sit on the porch drink they lunch and covertly sell rock cocaine to early arrive customer . sheryl the strawberry be one of they . dough boy yo ; yo , what you need ? _ dissolve 10 : int . crenshaw high locker room = day where we see a large black ankle be tape up . dissolve to : back to dough boy who be have a good time with he friend . he be make a deal on a celluar phone . some of the other homy be play dice . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . . for educational use only 44 4s 4g 46a 463a 4 ? 48 46a 49 50 revise 9/24/90 53. continued : 46a a Police car drive by and dough Boy cooly drop a piece of rock cocaine on the ground and step on it until it be a white smear . CHRIS yo five - 0 . dough boy fuck the police . dissolve to : ext . crenshaw high schocl ~ day 47 the front of the school where a few girl walk as ferris and * the two knucklehead from the Hyundai club be attempt to * pick up on they . * CUT to : int . classroom ~ day 48 we see Tre immerse within a novel . on closer observation we see it be the Autobiography of malcom X . he turn each page in anticipation of the next . dissolve to : back to locker room lo ' 48a where we see the back and large muscular shoulder of ricky . he put on he shoulder pad . dissolve to : ext . neighborhood STREET - day 4g the STREET where we see a crack addict as he snatch dooky 's chain . he run past dough Boy and monster , who subsequently chase and beat he down tc .a pulp and recover the chain , Chris watch from the side in he wheelchair as the other dough Boy and friend kick the addict on the ground . dissolve to : int . crenshaw high school hallway — day 50 where Tre walk past the locker and a myriad of other student . a female be have trouble with she locker . Tre open it with ease and begin a conversation , flashcut to : 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use.only revise 9/28/90 , 59 . 51 ext . football field - day . 51 where ricky and three other player run with speed towards a barrier with four cushion . as they hit we hear a loud boom and we . ae cur to : s1a back to wall sla where dough Boy sit with he friend , a few mexican girl on the way home from school pass in front of they . one of they have deep black flashy eye and beautiful jet black hair . this be rosa . some brother be shoot crap . dough boy ( to Rosa ) pssst , hey you , hey you , pssst , hey , you bonita , oooh you muy bonita chica . you chica bonita . '' come to my casa , do the loco thing . - Rosa walk off frame as dough Boy chant in he best break Spanish . as he turn back towards he friend and she come back into the frame and advance towards he . she smile . her friend giggle behind she . they talk . , CUT to : $ 2 int . locker room - day 52 view from overhead where ricky take off he jersey . a look of fatigue be all over he face and body . he lay parallel on . the bench as the other player leave . wipe : 53 int . tre n's car - day . 33 where Tre be drive home . as he cruise down he street he see brandi and she mother take grocery into they home . brandi be wear she private school uniform . Tre wave at they . . 54 ext . brandi be home ~ day 54 where she pick up a bag out of the trunk and go into the house , 544 tre s4a in he car as he stop to think . 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/28/90 60 . 54b back to brandi be . 543 where she exit she house to see Tre talk to she mother . her mom load Tre with two armful of grocery -- the last bag . he begin to walk towards brandi . - . brandi need some help ? tre naw I get it . Tre go into the house leave both woman stand there . brandi' mother you do not tell I Tre 's go to morehouse next year . how come you two do not talk anymore ? you use to be such good friend . brandi I dunno ... you should ask he Tre come back out into the doorway . tre be that it , mamm ? brandi' mother mamm ? you hear this boy ? mamm . you so polite , nice young man , not like the rest of this fool ' round here . yes , that 's all . thank you . I better go inside and put that stuff in the. refrigerator . just buy it , do not want nothing to go bad . you take care tre. say '' hi™ to you daddy for I . teil he I say '' he cute , see what he say . she go inside the house leave the two of they stand there . there be a long pause where neither say a thing . Tre see dough Boy walk across the street into he house . they wave to each other . there be little kid riding they bike on the sidewalk and in the street , tre {not look at she ) well I guess I will be go now , brandi what 's wrong with you ? ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 3/28/96 61 . 54b continued : . tre nlook in another direction ) do somebody say something to I ? brandi you hear I . stop act stupid and look at I . she grab he and begin hit he . brandi ( cont 'd ) look at I ! tre ow shit ! girl , what 's you problem ? across the STREET dough Boy and friend sit drink and watch Tre and brandi argue . dough boy yo watch this shit . back to brandi' house brandi you be my problem , and for you information I be not no girl . I be a woman . tre yeah , I can see that . . - brandi why the silent treatment ? you have not talk to I in a week . T eall and you tell you daddy to say you be not home . I call again you take the phone off the hook . . tre I have be busy . brandi oh do not give I no bald ass excuse for a lie like that . what do I do ? what 's be so bad that you oe just stop talk to I ? ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only 54b revise 9/28/90 $ 1aa . continued : 54b tre you know what it be . you gotta get with the program . Tre throw he best seductive grin . brandi I tell you about that . I be Catholic , it go against my moral . Tre go over to the porch and sit down , ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/24/30 54b continued : tre ( sarcastically ) I know you do and Catholic girl suppose to be the biggest hootchy ! what 's wrong with you ! what do I gotta do , earn it !? brandi I want to wait till I get marry ... but you can not live with that , huh ? Tre nod he head . she get up to go into the house . just as she open the door brandi well forget you then ! tf quess you need to find some less than cheap tramp to open she thigh for you . Tre stop she . she do so reluctantly . anger fuse the light in she eye . 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only tre wait a minute ... come here . sit down . tre now , let I get this straight . you say you want to wait until you get marry ... I say I be gonna to be the one who marry you , so technically it do not make no difference whether we do it now or later , we be still gonna to get marry . brandi I want to go to college before I get marry and there be no guarantee that I be gonna marry you . shoot , I do not even want no baby . you have not even give I a ring , tre I be not ready for all that yet . brandi but you be ready to act like we be married though , tight ? {continued ) 62. 54b ( 548 55 '' revise 9/28/30 63. continued : . 54b Tre daze off into the distance . he turn to brandi with a soulful look . tre - i.miss you . brandi I too . they come closer and kiss . it be a long juicy kiss . back to dough boy' porch where dooky applaude at Tre and brandi 's reunion . dough Boy look at he as though he be crazy . he just shake he head and take a drink of he forty~ounce . back to tre and brandi they be interrupt by the sound of laughter . when they look up again they see . - the sidewalk where a group of kid about eight year each on bmx bike be look at they giggle and make face . the smallest of they be the boldest . little kid ytall gonna do the hoeotchie~coo ? 4h Tre playfully throw some small rock at they and they run , , . CUT to : int . baker family home - night 55 the live room where dough Boy , monster , Chris , and dooky sit play a nintendo video game , Buck hunt . the game require they to use a toy gun and shoot duck on the screen . monster watch I shoot this muthafucka , look ! the screen where the figure on the screen be blow away . monster blam ! taken off the set ! ( continued ) — 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/28/90 : 63a. 55 continued : . 55 dough boy yo monster , do not be cussing so muthafuckin loud , my momma do not like that shit . mrs . baker ( 0.s. ) darin ! ( continued ) ay ' lix.com screenplay database for educational use only iv revise 9/24/90 64 . 55 continued : dough Boy doorway 55 dough boy see , now I gotta hear all this shit . get up and leave the room . CHRIS man , mom be fuck wit he ass * without fail . she be not like that with Rick though . . * * . dooky they get different daddy that 's why . where dough Boy come back in . dough boy y'all gotta get the fuck out . my brother 's have company in a little bit . 56 int . furious house - night 56 where Tre bathroom s: be on the phone with brandi . furious be in the have , there be shave cream on he face everytime he poke he head in this scene . tre yeah ... yeah that would be nice . uh , huh , uh , huh . so you gonna give I the skin or what ? no that 's not all I think about . yeah , yeah , okay I will tell he . ( to furious ) Key pop , brandi 's momma say you cute . . . furious come cut of the bathroom smile . - 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only furious ask why she do not speak when I say bhi . tre he say why she do not speak when he say hi. yeah , yeah , hey I be suppose be talk to you not pass message . ( more ) ( continued ) revise 9/28/90 65 . 56 continued : 36 tre ( cont would ) if my daddy mess with yo momma we might end up be brother and sister then we be do incest ... what ? I be just kid . gust a sec a gotta another call . {he click over ) whe dis ?! hi momma . just a sec I get brandi on the other line . ( he click over , voice turn romantic again ) so baby you gonna give I the skin or what ? reva Tre , this ig you mother . tre - = oops I be sorry momma . just a sec. ( he click over ) brandi I gotta go . 56a ext . reva' house = night 56a , establish shot of reva 's home as we hear she voice on the phone . 57 int . reva' home ~ the live room = night 57 where reva sit on she leather couch in she posh View Park Home . reva who this ?! what kinda way be that to answer the phone ? : intercut between both house in conversation . tre sorry momma . reva why do not you come over this weekend ? tre I be coolin with Rick . - reva well you can cool with you friend anytime . the weekend be suppose to be we time together . have you think about what we talk about ? ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/28/90 65a . '' 517 continued : s7 tre yeah , I dunno yet . reva . let I speak to you father . ( continued ) he ' lix.com screenplay database for educational use only a 57 58 $ 9 60 revise 9/28/30 66 . continued : 37 tre bop ! telephone ! '' Tre walk pass the phone over to furious . furious who this ? ( he take the phone ) oh , howya do ? we talk about that . uh , huh , well that 's he decision personally I do not think it 's necessary . Tre past furious and into he room , furious ( v.0 . ) you know this be some bullshit . there 's no reason why Tre should stay with you now . he be not no little boy anymore . no , no , - no , why you gotta a attitude ? because what ? I dont 's have no attitude , , you get the atitude ... the doorway where we see Tre . he close it . int . tre's room - night 58 where he sit on he bed . we notice the OPEN window with the sound of street eminate into Tre 's room . the flash of a helicopter spotlight go past . the window . where Tre close it shutting off the SOUND . CUT to : ext . neighborhood STREET - night . 53 where a 1989 Nissan sentra turn at the corner and begin slowly cruise down the street . cuut to : ext , the baker family home - night 60 where dough Boy and he homeboy come out of he house . all be talk , drink and chill . they be quick to notice the strange vehicle pass . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only 60 61 62 63 revise 9/24/90 a7 . continued : 60 back to car where the window slowly roll down . the driver still can not be see clearly in the night . driver ( shout out window ) anybody know where ricky Baker life ? there be a pause for a moment , not one say anything . dough boy that 's my brother ! he life here ! {into doorway ) yo Rick , the man be bere to see yout int . bathroom ~- night 61 where ricky be hastily try to tie he tie . shanice be help he , shanice stay still . just stay still I get it . - dough boy { 0.s.} Rick ! get you ass out the * bathroom ! * mrs . baker ( 0.s. ) ricky come on out of the bathroom ! shanice finish he tie , ricky I be come right now . int . live rgom ~ night . 62 where Mrs. Baker stand near the doorway wait for the man to come into the house . ext . baker family home ~ night 63 the walkway where a black man of in he mid-forty with hornrimmed glass stand dress in business attire . he carry a briefcase with he , this be crump , the recruiter . crump glance upward as we hear the sound of a pass helicopter . 8flix.com screenplay database . " for educational use only revise 9/24/90 63a the porch 68. 63a where dough Boy , Chris , monster , dooky , and three other boy ; be sit . they be a intimidating sight to crump 's bourgeois eye . dooky what college you from ? crump I be from usc . monster . you gotta have a scholarship to . go to usc ? crump no , but it help . monster hey yo can you get I a scholarship ? I use to play baseball . dough boy ( interrupt ) why do not y'all move out the man’ way ? you see he 's about the business . move cut da way , nigga . they do sc . 638 back to live room where crump enter , follow by dough boy. himself to Mrs. Baker . . crump hello I be Lewis crump . you must be ricky 's mother ? mrs . baker ri , my name Brenda . this be my other son darin . would you like : something ? coffee ? Water ? crump na , no thank you . 's crump 63b introduce ricky enter the room closely follow by shanice . ricky how ya do ? we meet at the game ' against Washington , right ? 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only ( continued ) revise 3/28/90 69 . 638 continued : 633 crump yes I remember that . that be a good game . you pick up a two ~ hundred and seventy - six yard that game , huh . ricky nod with pride . crump that 's pretty impressive . . mrs. baker why do not y'all sit down and talk ? they do so . Mrs. Baker hint to dough Boy and shanice to exit so they may talk in private , crump - now . I just want you to know that we be interested in you come to the campus , get a good look around , ya'know a feel for the school as a whole . ricky pick up a remote control off the coffee table and flip a switch . ricky here 's my tape . the television light up and begin show record highlight of ricky 's best game , over this a song with a cool bass like rap beat play . crump who feign be impressed . ricky point out he figure on the sereen run across the field . ricky that be against ban , my junior year , we lose but I do pretty well in yardage . they have the best defense in the city last year . crump nod he head in agreement . crump . what be you interested in besides play ball ? ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only with revise 9/28/90 70 . 633 continued : 3b ricky have to think for a moment . ricky what de you mean by that ? crump I mean what would you want to major in ? what kind of degree would you like to pursue ? I '' just ask , because you know there 's a strong possibility that you will not .go into the NFL right after college . just a fact , it happen . ricky think for a moment . ricky yeah , I hear that before . yeah well , I think I would be interested in majore in business . I get this friend name Tre who 's always talk about go into business and all . plus , I like computer , maybe I can do that . what you think ? crump I think you can do anything you put you mind to . ricky nod unassuradly . 63c back to porckr . 63 c 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only monster so I go up there right ? Cause my cousin have a class at this '' certain time and he say he would show I . around and ' duce I toa people ya know ? so ya know , I get up there and there be not nothing but woman , '' hunny far as the eye can see , and all of they fine . that that be not fine they have crazy boomin body ! Big country bootie , big . country titty ! from eat all that cornbread and shit I guess . dooky : yeah , I would go to college just to talk to they fine hunny . ( continued ) revise 9/24/90 71 . *. 63c continued : _ 63 '' dough boy fool , you do not go to college to be talk to no bitch . you suppose to be learn something . you 's can not jearn nothing talk to no stupid bitch . CHRIS you know where you need to go , where they get more woman than anywhere ? Fine one too ? monster crenshaw on Sunday night ? CHRIS no. dough boy the Street race on Florence ? . CHRIS naw . y'all way off , I give you ahint . everybody 's be there . dooky where ? dough boy where muthafucka ? where ?! shit just come wit it ! everybody look at Chris in anticipation of the name of this miraculous place where woman abound . CHRIS Da church . dough boy . aww shit , nigga please , ai not no body go to no church to catch - no bitch . CHRIS naw serious listen I go to church last Sunday , be not nothing but babe , full on biscuit straight , and I be one of the only man like around my age . and all this hunny keep look at I stare and shit . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only 63c 63d revise 9 / continued : 24/90 72 . dough boy they probably be say to demselve , where 's this stupid muthafucka come from ? back to live room where crump now have he briefcase open and be review some paperwork . crump so basically you have a 2.3 overall g.p.a. accord to the class we require . all you have to do be take the sat test . ricky look flustered . suddenly , ricky yeah I hear about that test . crump the next one 's be give in early October . be you go : to take it ? @ ricky yeah I guess so . can not get into college without it , right ? crump just remember all you need to get be over a 700 . ricky okay . Little ricky run in the room only wear a towel . he cross in front of crump and ricky laugh and talk in baby native tongue . shanice follow closely behind try to chase she 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only young son down and conceal she embarassment . shanice I '' try to give he a bath . c'mere ! crump ( to ricky ) you little brother ? ricky naw , that 's my son , ( continued ) 63c % 63d 63d revise 9/24/90 72k. continued : 63d crump oh , crump close he briefcase and rise in one smooth professional motion . crump well , I will be look forward to talk with you soon . we will arrange that tour for you also . ricky see he to the door and crump exit . monster ( 0.s. ) yo man you gonna kick I down with a scholarship or what ? I wanna go '' to college too . dough boy yo man , could you please shut the * fuck up ! ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 3/24/90 73. 63d continued : . . 63d ricky turn around to see he mother stand in the doorway divide the kitchen from the live room . mrs . baker my baby 's go to a university . I always know you would be about something . when you be a little boy you use to run around all the time with that football under you arm ... I be proud of you . . ricky thank you , momma . they hug each other . ricky turn to walk past he mother . we follow with he as he go through the kitchen grab a scrap of meat off the stove and into he room . 64 int . bathroom - night a4 where shanice we sea shanice give Little ricky a bath . ricky @ enter and come close to the tub . Little ricky splashes soap * in he father 's face . * crump ( v.0 . ) I think you can do anything you put you mind to ... all you need be a 700 . this be hear as we transcend into ... 65 int . a classroom - day . - 65 we see many black student , all high schooler . we attention be draw to Tre , ricky , brandi , and shanice all of which be sit in different section of the room . at the front of the * room a man be dictating the rule of the test . another woman , * he assistant be pass out test booklet . . * man * please keep you test bocklet close . you will have thirty minute in which to complete each section of the test . please stop when you be tell to do so . you can not go back to a previous section after complete another . Tre look over at brandi with dreamy eye to wish she good luck , he then turn in Rick 's direction to do the same . shanice and brandi wish each other luck also . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/24/90 74 . 65 continued : + . 65 man ' '' you may now begin section one . the classroom where the entire class open they booklet and begin the test . tre , calmly but steadily , do some scratch work before circle a bubble . brandi whisk away answer with ease . do calculation in she head . she mark correct answer at a rate of one every ten second . shanice be erase the paper , leave a large amount of eraser bit on the paper which she blow away with she breath and then look . around to see if anyone be watch she embarrassment - ricky be have big time problem . he hold he hand to he head as though this be give he a headache . he look up from the test and out the window , tre look over at he friend . back to ricky who sense he be be observe . back to tre who look down at he test indicate Rick should do the same . ricky go back to work on the test . we can still see the frustration in he eye . . CUT to : 66 int . tre's car ~- day 66 where Tre , brandi , Rick and shanice be drive home . ricky be sit in the backseat look out of the window much like he be in the previous scene . no one say a word . Tre start it up . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only — revise 9/24/90 15 . 66 continued : tre ( to brandi ) how do you think you do ? brandi it be easy . I have a book to study by . Tre look in the rear view mirror at ricky 's face . ricky man do not even ask I about that stupid test . all I want be a 700 . I do not care about nothing else . shanice I get a 700 the last time I take it in the eleventh grade . ricky throw she a funny look which she throw back at he . they get to brandi 's house and she prepare to get out . . tre here we be . brandi I be gonna see you tonight right ? tre yeah , around ten . brandi okay . . she give he a long goodbye kiss . ricky roll he eye in the background . shanice look at Tre and brandi real close almost break up they kiss then she turn to look at ricky . in the background Tre and brandi kiss through they dialogue . shanice how come you do not kiss I no more ? ricky I kiss you . shanice yeah you kiss I when you want some pussy . you act like a old marry man . he take she in he arm in a dip and kiss she . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only 66 revise 9/24/90 75a , - 66 continued : oo 66 ricky see , and I doe not even want no pussy right now . ( continued ) ( ' lix.com screenplay database for educational use only v W 66 revise 9/24/30 / . 76 . continued : : ' 66 shanice . yeah , but you will . brandi - . {to Tre as they stop kissing ) see you tonight . bye y’all . brandi get out . there be a pause shanice be still sit in the car . ricky you can not walk across the street ?! shanice get out of the car . shanice what time you gonna be home ? ricky when I feel like it ! {as he get in the front seat and slam the door . ) shanice walk across the Street .. Mrs. Baker stand on the porch hoid Little ricky . shanice take she baby in she arm as she walk in the house . ricky so what we gonna do now ? tre . I think I would go by pop business , see if he will buy I some food . - ricky I think you hadda to ga to work today ? tre naw I take the day off to take the test . ricky look out the window . ricky man , I can not believe you be not flap skin yet with brandi . tre she do not wanna do nothing till we get marry . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only 66 67 68 69 revise 3/24/90 77 . continued : : 66 ricky that 's bullshit , they all wanna bone , it 's human , they just do not like admit it to nobody except they girlfriend and all . you think you game on ‘em and they the one that game you . that 's cool though at least you know you be not get no hootchie- momma cn you hand . cuut to : ext . alondra boulevard ~ day a7 where we see Tre 's car drive along . they pass a sign which read '' welcome to compton . '' . ricky ( v.0 . ) godamn , Mary , Jesus Christ , we in muthafuckin compton . my brother be see this biscuit out here and she almost get he shot . ext . furious financial SERVICES ~ day : 68 be furious style business . he specialize in mortgage loan and insurance . Tre pull he car outside the office . int . furious financial SERVICES ~ day 63 where furious be on the phone . he notice they arrival . furious end he conversation and sit back into he chair like a king on a throne . furious how do you think you do on the test ? tre and ricky ( both mumble at once ) alright I guess . furious most of that test be culturally biased . the only part that be pretty much universal be the math part ... so what bring you knucklehead out here ? tre come to see you .- how 's it go ? any business today ? ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only é 69 70 le revise 9/24/90 78 . continued : furious there 's always business , only it 's not in here . . ricky so furious , what do you do , you help people get money for they home , or what ? furious there be no '' or what . " that 's exactly what I do . you want to see something ? tre do we have a choice ? furious no. tre so I guess we be go to see something . CUT to : ext . compton neighborhood : STREET ~ day where furious , Tre and ricky get out of furious car . they be be view by more than a few gangstas sit on the porch of a home . ricky I do not know about this furious ; get we walk in muthafuck compton and all . they walk into a vacant lot . furious look up there . see that sign ? - the two boy do . _ the sign be a large billboard which read in tall black letter " cash for you home '' furious you know what that be ? you know what that 's call ? ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only 69 10 revise 9/19/90 78a . have 7 . 70 continued : - 70 Tre and ricky look at each other at the same time and look back at furious . tre and ricky a billboard . ( continued ) % ' e ' lix.com screenplay database for educational use only a revise 9/28/90 79 . 70 . continued : 70 furious no . what be y’all two amo n Andy ? be you step and he fetch ? I mean what that message stand for . it 's call gentrification . in the background people from the neighborhood be walk by . some of they stop to look up at the sign and hear furious talk . Tre and ricky be amaze at the small crowd that begin to form . furious it happen when the property value of a certain area be bring down so that land can be buy at a lower price . then they buy the land move the people out , raise the property value and sell it at a profit . we need to keep everything in we neighborhood Black ! Black own , with Black money , just like the italian , the korean , the mexican , and the Jews do . a old man from the crowd speak up . old man ai not nobody outside bring property value down , it 's this people around here shoot each other , sell that crack rock and shit . furious , . - how do you think crack come here ?! we do not own any ship , we do not own no plane ! it 's not we '' that be fly and float that 8flix.com screenplay database for educational use only shit into this country ! but all you see on the tv be black people sell crack ! push da rock ! push da rock ! it do not even become a problem until it start show up in place like Iowa and Wall 's Street where there be not no black people . and if you wanna talk about gun ... {with fire in he voice ) why be it that there be a gun shop on every corner in this . part of town . you do not see gun store in no muthafuck beverly - a~fuck Hills , ( more ) ( continued ) ( revise 9/28/90 76 continued : furious ( cont would ) you do not see no liquor store on every corner out there . I all tell you why -- because they want we to kill each other off . what they could not do in slavery they be make we do to ourselves . the best way you destroy a people be you take away they ability to reproduce . lemme ask you this , who be get kill out here every night ? the man ! nothing but brother . : a crowd 80 . have form around furious and the - two boy . it be compose of people throughout the neighborhood . there be more than a few gangstas in the crowd , gangster # 1 . be sound like Minister farrakhan . ( he shout ) so what I be suppose to do some fool roll up and try to smoke I ? I be gonna shoot that fool back if he do not kill . I first ! furious can not you see ?! that 's exactly what they want you to do ! you gotta think about the future my brother ! do you know in twenty year people be estimate that the population of black people in this country will decline ?! not move up ! but down ! what you gotta do be think about what be you do to prevent that from happen ?! 71 int . tre's car - at blue line crossing = day 's where Tre 's car stop to let the train pass . ricky damn , furious be deep . he use to be a preacher or something ? tre no , he never be a preacher - - he just read a lot . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only v2 revise 9/24/90 81 . 71 continued : 71 ricky my brother shoulda hear that . woulda do he some good . tre where be he now ? ricky where else ? up on crenshaw with the rest of that fool and they car . 72 ext . crenshaw boulevard = night 72 where many row of car can be see along the hoth side of the boulevard . each row be compose of a distinct make and model of car . this be know as the crenshaw car club . we see the suzuki samurai club , the mustang 5.0 club , the V - dub club , the BMW 's , and the ' 64 impala club . outside the car the owner can be see hang out ' talk to . the lady who drive by in they own car , we attention be draw to dough Boy who sit up high and mighty in he ' 64 impala . shalika be at he side , Chris and dooky be in the backseat . CHRIS ( to dooky ) you believe in God ? dough boy ( turn around in seat ) why in the fuck be you get so damn religify lately ? . CHRIS fool , I be not even talk to you ! this be a - a and B conversation you can see you way out ! dough boy yeah , you can see you way out my ride too , and we will see you cripple ass walk all the way home . eee * CHRIS oh , you wanta get real ? fuck you , nigga ! : : * * ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only - revise 9/13/90 gla . 5 72 continued : 72 wo. : : dooky do I believe in God ? yeah I guess ido . how else could we have thing like star and the moon and shit like that ? ( continued ) ( # ' lix.com screenplay database for educational use only '' revise 9/24/90 72 continued : dough boy Sun , moon , star , quasar , nigga sound like elroy jetson . there be not no God , if there be a God how come be let muthafuckas get smoke every night ? Babies and little kid and shit ? tell I that . shalika well you tell I this , how do you know God be a he ? he could be a sbe , - you do not know that . dough boy you do not know what the fuck it muthafuckin know . I read about that shit when I be in da pen . tt be this book that be try to take life and shit from the perspective of if God be a bitch . and it say if God be a bitch then we would not have no nuclear bomb and shit , and there would not be no war and all because that be not a bitch 's nature . shalika why every time you talk about a female you gotta say bitch , or hoe , or hootchie ? dough boy Cause that 's what most female be . - CHRIS yeah , and how come you say '' muthafucka all the time ? every other word you say get muthafucka in it . I know I say it too but I start think bout what that mean I when I say that . dough boy it do not mean shit , I be just try to get my point across . dooky still you should not say it . dough boy who be you now Rev. ike ? shut up muthafucka before all y'all ass be walk home . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only 82. 72 + 72 73 8flix.com screenplay database , revise 9/24/30 83. continued : 72 Tre and ricky drive up . they get out and walk towards dough Boy 's car . doygh boy where y'all come from ? tre compton . ricky . what y'all do ? dough boy we just sit up here get drunk , philosophize about God , church and bitch and all . just then a group of about ten brother all dress in black pants and black satin jacket walk up the street in 'a drive . as they pass one of they brushes up against ricky . - he be about the same size as Rick with a pug face and a long out of date jeri curl , this be ferris , a gangsta and member of the Hyundai club , ferris turn around to look at ricky . ferris what you look at nigga ? ricky I be still try to find out . ferris move towards Rick with aggression , some female member of the cluh immediately try to intervene . all the member of the impala club jump out of they car . include monster who be park in front of dough Boy . - female club member now come on we all just out here have fun . can not we have one night where there be not no fight and nobody get shot ? monster whatup cuzz ?! what up fool ? y'all know you do not want none ! * int . dough boy' car - night . 73 the sideboard where dough Boy 's hand tense on he gun . {continued ) for educational use only * ( e 73 revise 9/28/90 7 bal continued : 73 ricky's eye be stone cold attune towards .... ferris' eye which be equally firm in they power . he casually glance up at ... dough boy : who be stare straight at he with murderous intent . the stare centest soon end as ferris be pull back into the crowd and they go along they own way . shalika ferris always try to start some shit . nigga can not fight so he always try to find some excuse to shoot somebody . tre as he stop look in the direction the crowd go , let he guard down and loosen up a bit . bough boy you see that 's why fool be get shot alla time . people try show how hard they be and shit . ignorant . CHRIS shut up fool you be do that shit too , dough boy I know . . ( he laugh ) suddenly , the rapid fire of a automatic weapon can be hear . the STREET where people scatter everywhere run for cover . Tre and ricky run towards Tre 's car , dough boy pull out he gun . and start he car up . he drive off . what follow be a melange of panicked peaple run ina thousand direction , shouting cursing and cussing out loud . 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/28/90 8s . 74 ext . crenshaw boulevard - night _ 74 where a hand hold up a gun into the air . it be quickly pull down to reveal it be ferris . ferris quickly jump into he Hyundai and drive off into the night . CUT to : 74a panic montage t4a where we see image of people run to they car and for cover . in the distance we see and hear police siren . insert of the crenshaw Wall where the various message of increase the peace , and we be not killer can be see . - view from overhead : helicopter p.o.v . ( done with crane motion and light . ) + move quicky where we see Tre and ricky run towards Tre 's v.w.. a spotlight shine on Tre as he reach he door .and we go over he head . a real quick intense shot . cuT to : 15 int . tre's car ~ night 45 where Tre and ricky drive along in silence . they be both evidently upset . tre ohit the steering wheel ) I be get the fuck outta l.a .! fuck this shit , can not go nowhere without it get shot up and shit . damn . - ricky say nothing , there be a blank almost worried stare on he face . in the background we see red and blue flash light and hear the sharp whurr ! of a police siren . coffey' voice ( 0.s. ) {from loud speaker ) - do not move ! Driver ! put you hand : on the steering wheel ! passenger ! . put you hand on the dashboard ! Driver ! open the door with you right hand ! Tre open door as we travel back to reveal coffey and Graham both older hold they gun on the two innocent boy . coffey voice ( 0.s. ) keep you hand where I can see they ! ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/28/90 a6 . = 78 continued : , 15 " he STREET where more car roll up . the side of . tre's car where Tre and ricky be push up against the car . they be be frisk . - insert where Tre 's leg be kick apart . also on ricky . coffey - ( with shotgun in hand ) get any drug or weapon on you ?! Tre look at he out of the corner of he eye . he be scared . coffey you think you tough huh !? you think . you tough ?! scare now , huh ? I like that ! that 's why I take this job ! you be not shit ! I hate little muthafuckas like you ! Little niggas think you tough huh ?! how you feel + now huh ? TI could blow you inside out with this brown you could not do you shit ! what ' set ' you from ?! you look like one of they crenshaw mafia muthafuckas , naw you probably a Rolling sixty huh ?! . ' '' the other cop finish search the car . they indicate with they hand that they have find nothing . . radio ( 0.s. ) car s4 , aah find that v.w. , 48 have they on vermont and Florence need backup , officer be see - resistance , in the background we see ferris and crew cruise by . ferris smile . coffey nloosen up on tre} well you gentleman have a nice evening , ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only 75 76 t6a revise 9/28/90 87 . continued : , 75 he back off Tre and we see Tre have a tear in he eye . coffey notice this but ignore it . dissolve to : int . brandi be house - night 76 the bedroom where brandi sit at she desk . she be study calculus . on the paper she write a couple of equation with ease . in the background , the distant sound of automatic gunfire can be hear . the sound cause she to drop she pencil . with frustration , she drop she pencil and look at the content of she decorate desk . her eye fall on a picture of herself and Tre . we hear greg mack do the kday Love connection on the radio . a guy and girl be get match up . suddenly there be a knock at the door . brandi slowly rise as we follow she into the live room towards the front door . we hear a knock once more . tre ( 0.5 . ) open the door . it 's I , Tre ! the door tor where brandi begin open no more than four deadbolt lock . she then open the door to reveal a steel guard door . we see Tre through the bar . tre boo. c'mon open up , it be not July out here y‘know , she open the steel door . Tre enter , brandi - you be late . I think something might have happen to you . they share a warm embrace . tre I be alright . nothing 's gonna happen to I . brandi I be tired of hearing they shoot alla time . ( more ) ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/24/90 : ge . 76a continued : . 176a brandi ( cont would ) I want to get out of L.A. {she look at he face ) what 's wrong ? tre nuthin . ( then with furious intense violent anger ) I be tired of this shit ! fuck this shit ! I wish I could kill all this muthafuckas ...! . ( start swinging at the air , wall ) ooooh damn ! I be tired of this shit !! kill ‘em alli ! brandi sit on the couch . she 's scared , this be a side of Tre she 's never see , tre stupid muthafuckas ! all of they !! need to all die !... all die ! ( he start cry slowly at first then heavily . ) brandi slowly approach Tre . she put she arm around he . he violently push she back . Tre be ashamed to let she see he like this . brandi be cry also . tre ( sniff ) I be sorry baby . brandi approach he once more and they embrace each other with arm and tear . after some time they begin to laugh . brandi * what 's so funny ? . tre . - I never think I would cry in front of a female before . brandi you can cry in front of I . brandi rub he eye , he rub hers . they laugh some more and stand . brandi in Tre 's arm , she put she hand on he ass . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . . for educational use only revise 9/24/90 . baa . ( " 76a continued : brandi ¥ou need a booty . I gotta have something to hold onto . ( continued ) ' lix.com screenplay database for educational use only 76 a 7 revise 9/28/90 a9 . continued : 76 a tre I do not need no big ole butt . that 's suppose to be you job . be you mother home ? brandi no . she woulda hear all that noise you make if she be . tre oh . flashcut to : int . brandi be bedroom - night mw the bed where Tre and brandi fall , kissing each other passionately . in the background the distant noise of police siren and surveillance helicopter can be hear . tre what do you think about people get marry while they still in college ? brandi what ... be you try to ask I something ? tre no , I just want to know what you think about that kind of situation . - brandi I think it could be good ... if two '' people really love each other . tre really ? you sure you down for this ? brandi yeah . be you ? tre ( enthusiatic ) yeah ! ( then cooler ) I mean yeah , I be . could you move this ? ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/28/90 9a . vm tt continued : - 7 her breast as we see she pull she cross necklace away from she front . overhead we hear the sound of a pass helicopter tre nlook up ) l.a . ( continued ) with ' lix.com screenplay database for educational use only revise 9/24/90 90 . 77 continued : they continue to kiss and caress each other body . in the background window the flash spotlight of a helicopter periodically come through the window illuminate they tender moment . each part be see . in flash of light . tre quickly take off he shirt . brandi do the same . tre's '' hand caress brandi 's back and smoothly make they way towards loosen she bra . brandi' back as it arch , the bra be loosen and Tre begin gently kissing . she breast . brandi' face as she moan in ecstasy . brandi ( moan ) I do not wanna get pregnant . tre's face as it come down to kiss she face , first on the cheek , then the nose and then he wisper in she ear , tre you will not . Tre then kiss she neck and gradually go down to she breast . we foliow he hand as it wander down towards the middle of she leg . brandi' back as it arch , back and forth in rhythm . we see Tre pull out a condom . the helicopter sound fade and so do the light as wes . dissolve to : wider shot ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only 77 revise 9/24/90 90a . cal 17 continued : brandi' room we see the image of she and Tre siliohetted in the night with the helicopter light flash in the background . we just heaz they voice , tre you ready to put it in ? . brandi yes. tre - okay just a second . we hear Tre attempt to find she open . : brandi De you know what your'e do ? tre yeah , it know what I be do . brandi no you do not . ( a beat ) here , let I do it . we see Tre rise up as she put he in position , then he lower himself and sigh in pleasure . 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only 17 eo roh x revise 9/28/90 91 . 78 int . tre's room - night . 78 where Tre lay on he bed in he underwear . a bored look cover he face , he look at the clock which read 2:30 be . his eye wander around the room he world . they fall on ... the wall - where there be a growth chart . we see Tre 's height over the year . the last number be seventeen which correspond to he current height . Tre do a handstand against the chart . cuT to : . 78a ' the closet . 788 where Tre be rustling through a old box . he find a old projector . flashcut to : the projector light - . which be blind . : the screen image be one of Tre as a baby and he mother . she be hold he up for the camera . reva kiss she young child . she even open he mouth and smile herself try to indicate that the baby have tooth . furious ( 0.s. ) go to hed . tre . why do not you two ever get marry ? the doorway where furious can be see in shadow . he come forward into the light . forious Cause we love each other too much . tre but when you love somebody you suppose to marry they . furious not always , there be people who think , act , and live different . ( more } ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only ye 79 80 $ 3 82 revise 9/24/90 92 . continued : furious ( cont would ) they love each other but they can not live together . now go to sleep . you know how she be about be on time . the screen where we pull into the smile image of reva with Tre in hand . dissolve to : ext . reva' home - day reva who be smile . much as she be in the previous scene . cuT to : omitted ext . reva 's home ~ day it be a big magnificent home in the heart of View Park . there be large plate glass window and a sprawling green front yard . we see reva on the porch smile as Tre 's car pull up the driveway . he get out and meet he mother on the stair . reva how be you week ? int . reva' live room ~ day where Tre sit on a stylish leather couch . flip the tv channel with a complex look remote .control . onscreen there be a typical on the street interview with a old fat dude . reporter ( 0.s. ) what do you think of the Black media ? fat . I think this kid need sone ffositive message ! Tre turn off the t.vv. tre same ole shit . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only tra 73 80 al 82 revise 9/24/90 92a. 82 continued : . 82 reva come in with something for he to drink and a bowl of grape . * reva why do not you ever talk to I . anymore ? we be such good friend when you be little . tre I be older now . {continued ) ‘flix.com screenplay database for educational use only revise 9/28/90 82 continued : reva that do not mean you can not talk to you mother . you make I feel so distant . like a parent . I do not wanna feel that way . talk . how 's you girlfriend do ? she still plan on go to spelman ? tre yep , she 's go to spelman . I be gonna be across the way at ' morehouse . . reva be you gonna come live here over the summer before you go ? ... you think I work my ass through college to see you still live down there ?! Tre pause for a moment . tre I be kinda think it would be better if brandi and I drive down there soon as school let out . we be gonna stay with she family get job and maybe find a apartment ... together , reva you gonna live together ? I do not think you should do that you first year . you should be marry before you live together . tre I be think about that too . reva tre. once you get down there there 's gonna be so many dirty panty girl around that schcol you be not gonna know what to do with yourself , you be only seventeen you do not even need to be think about get marry . you need to see the world first . tre - what 's wrong with I ’and she see the world together ? ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only 93. 82 revise 9/28/90 94 . .* 82 continued : . g2 reva do what you wanna dco , I just do not want to see you end up drop out of school have to take care of a baby and ail . tre you mean like you and daddy ? there be a pause . reva be affect by this comment . reva yeah like I and you father . ~ thing change when a baby come into the picture , you call yourself loving this girl you better let she get she education . your also . Tre think about what he mother say . . dissolve to : 83 int . chic cafe = day 83 where reva sit patiently at a table . at % the doorway where furious walk in . he take in the atmosphere of the place before sighting reva . the table . where furious join reva . furious '' this be you , this be definitely you . : reva - what be that suppose to mean ? furious I think we be gonna talk about Tre ? a waiter come up . reva expresso please . furious ( '' Cafe au lait ... please . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database , for educational use only revise 9/28/90 95 . 83 continued ; ) : 83 reva I buy he some shoe yesterday . furious why be you always buy he shit ? : reva can not I do nice thing for my son ? do I have that right ? furious yeah quit buy he shit . he 's get a job . reva do he tell you he want to move in with brandi when they go to school ? furious . so? reva s02 do not you think it 's a bad idea ? the waiter come back with they coffee . furious Tre make he own decision . reva you 'e he father , that mean you be suppose to guide he decision . furious ( just about to take a- drink ) what the hell you think I be do all this year ? ... listen reva , it 's time to let go , I know you wanna play the mommy and all but Tre 's a man now . he 's not 4 little boy anymore , that time have pass , you miss it . just a sec , I wanna get some smoke . ( he stand ) reva you be not get off that easily . sit you ass down . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 3/28/30 96 . 83 continued : - 83 furious ( cooly ) what ? reva I say sit you ass down before I raise my voice and make a fool outta the both of we . furious cooly sit back down . reva ( cont 'd ) now .... this be my time to talk . of course you take in you son , my son , we son , when I be try to make something of myself , try to better my life . you teach he what he need to be a man . I will give you that because most man be not man enough to do what you do . but that give you no reason ! ( grit she tooth ) you hear I ?! no reason to tell I I can not be a mother to my son ! ( get cool again ) what you do be no different from what mother have be do since the beginning of time . it 's just too bad more brother will not do the same . do not think you be special , furious have a frown on he face , he let it slowly turn into a smile . CUT to : a4 ext . baker family home - day . 84 where dough Boy and the homy sit on the porch . talk and laugh and have a ball . the STREET where a red 1991 Hyundai cruise by . the tinted window be crack just enough to reveal the image of four man in the car . we recognize one of they as ferris . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/28/90 s6a . en 84 continued : - 84 the porch where dough Boy and he friend tense up . anything can happen now . ( continued ) ' lix.com screenplay database for educational use only revise 9/24/90 97 . 84 continued : 84 back to car as ferris slam on the gas make a screeching sound up the street . back to porch where the boyz ease up and begin drink and laugh again . dough boy that punk motherfucka be not get * nothing better to do . twenty -seven year old and still try to hang out with niggas we age , with he old ass . CHRIS yeah , I hear that fool be in da pen so many time he have a nightmare and wake up with he arm behind he back like this . ( he put he arm behind he back ) and the fool could not move he arm and shit . 5 the yard gate where Tre walk up . we follow he to the porch , tre what up ? dough boy - nuthin ' much . the other night I saw yo ass roll outta brandi 's crib about two in the muthafuckin '' morning . what 's up wit that ?! Tre smile a little grin , tre that 's my business . dough boy uh huh . handle yo shit , man , handle yo shit . do not end up like this fool in here . he get a baby , and in house pussy . if I do that shit mom be like .... I be not havin it . ane ee CUT to : ( '' 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/28/90 q7a . 8s int . baker family home ~ day 85 the couch where ricky sit controller in hand . Little ricky sit in he ap . . shanice ( 0.5 . ) ricky ! ( continued ) ' lix.com screenplay database for educational use only revise 9/28/90 continued : ricky seem lose in he own world . little ricky momma call you , daddy . ricky look at he son . ricky I hear she . what ?!! the doorway where shanice stand . shanice I need you to go to the store to get I some cornmeal . I can not fry the fish without ... ricky yeah , yeah , I will go in a little while . on the screen we see one of that Army commercial which make look so attractive to people , mostly brother . t.ve be all that you can be ! keep on live , keep on grow , find you future , in the army ! paid far by the U.S. Army . and now back to video soul with donnie simpsan . ricky's face as he look down at he son , shanice ( 0.s. ) ricky , I need some cornmeal ! back to doorway where ricky 's mother stand . mrs . baker Boy ! go get this girl some cornmeal . you should be happy somebody 's cooking for you ass , I be not . 98. 85 the armed force ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/24/90 99 . oe 85 continued : . 35 ricky alright ! alright ! I be go I be go . a6 ext . baker family home ~ day 86 the front doorway where ricky emerge . ricky " D " '' go to the store man get some cornmeal . dough boy nigga I be not the one she ask to go get it . that 's you wife= -- you go get the shit . ~ ricky she be not my wife . dough boy shit ... she might as well be you wife - ~ you get a family and shit . . ricky 4 ( yawn ) . fuck you . dough boy ( stand up and get in '' ricky 's face ) * do not fuck I . fuck you wife . that 's . why you gotta baby now . ricky you better get outta my face ! ad tre ( get ready to intervene ) hey wait a minute y’all . . so dough boy mpush ricky } you a punk ! you be a punk since day one ! mommas hoy ! a roe ricky eye flash and he push dough Boy back and charge hin . and they start fight . the fight fall back on the grass where we see the both of they throw punch and wrestle . Tre try to break it up . +e ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/24/90 39a. 86 continued : 86 tre what 's wrong with y’all ?! y’all brother you be not suppose to be fight each other ! CHRIS . stay outta this Tre , this family business , this family business , let ‘em fight ! suddenly , shanice come out the house with Little ricky . she start scream . shanice Brenda ! ricky and dough Boy out here fight ! Mrs. Baker run out of the house straight towards the two young man . . dough boy just as he bring he fist back to punch ricky . Mrs. Baker come into frame and hit he hard on the face . : dough boy soe shit ! . a the gate where we see the mailman walk up into this intense scene , mrs . baker ricky come here let I see you face ! - ricky ( frustrated and angry ) '' naw , I be go to the store ! the mailman walk up to Mrs. Baker and give she three envelope one of they be a letter from the sat test Bureau . '' mrs . baker ( turn back to call ricky} ricky ! ricky the test score ! the test score . the sidewalk where he continue to walk away with Tre at he side . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only 86 87 revise 9/24/30 398. continued : back to scene where we see dough Boy hold the side of he face . Mrs. Baker walk past he and do not say a word . dough boy what you hit I for ?! what you hit I for ?! the doorway where Mrs. Baker reenter she house without ever acknowledge dough Boy 's question . CHRIS nroll up in he chair ) hey man , what she hit you for ? dough boy shut up nigga . CUT to : ext . sidewalk = day where Tre and ricky walk . ricky be still piss . tre ' you think about what ?! you gotta be a damn fool ! ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only 86 a7 revise 9/24/30 100 . a7 continued : a7 ricky hhold he face ) . '' they say I can learn how to work computer and all that and they give I money for college . tre look at ya sound like the damn * commercial , but they do not tell . you that you do not belong to yourself no more . you join they * you belong to the government . like a slave , do what they say . pop always tell I Black man do not have no place in the army . ricky see I gotta think about my little boy and all . I do not wanna be like my brother and shit , hang out not do shit , end up deal . cane just like he . I want do something be somebody , tre man I be tell you , you go in there you be not gonna be nobody , '' not unless you get a college have . degree then at least you can he a officer . 88 ext . corner store - day : : 88 where Tre and ricky arrive . on the side of the store be a large mural of a Korean dragon and a paint sign which read " Seoul to Seoul liquor . " in front of the store we see several people stand outside talk , laugh and get drunk . we dissolve to the same scene minute later where Tre and ricky leave . : 89 ext , sidewalk - day — '' - 89 where the two boy walk on the way back home . ricky be scratch off three lottery ticket . tre you win anything ? ricky wait a minit , I be try to see . they stop while he scratch one off . ( + : ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . . for educational use only revise 9/24/90 89 continued : ' lix.com screenplay database for educational use only ricky shit , nothing . 100a , ag ( continued ) h 89 30 revise 9/24/90 101 . continued : tre you gotta be mexican to win that shit . they . continue to walk on . ricky I win the lottery I will not have to worry about a godamn thing . De not haveta worry ' bout college , do not haveta worry ' bout no muthafuck 700 on the sat . do not haveta worry ahout shit . something catch Tre 's eye . tre wait a minit . look . the corner where ferris 's Red Hyundai turn the corner . int . ferris 's car ~ day where ferris sit in the driver 's seat . we hear rap music play from he speaker , with extra heavy bass . also , in the car be two other gangster . ferris 's knuckleheade buddy . knucklehead # 1 & # 2 ( same time ) there 's that muthafucka . knucklehead . # 1 »- that be talk shit the ather night . knucklehead $ 2 '' yeah , I hear he be talk about you momma , you grandmomma and call you sister a. hoe-bitch . ferris put he hand under he seat and pull out a saw off shotgun . out the window and down the street . where we see Tre and ricky turn to begin walk again . back to sidewalk where Tre and ricky be walk faster look straight ahead . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only as 30 revise 9/19/99 101a . 90 continued : , 30 back to ferris ‘s car where he begin cruise down the street . ( continued ) ' lix.com screenplay database for educational use only eo 30 91 92 m , 93 revise 9/28/90 102. continued : , 30 back to tre tre when I say cut let cut through this house .. , cut !! they break out into a run . the STREET where ferris 's car pick up speed . out the window . where Tre and ricky can be see run to opposite side of a house . int . ferris car ~ day $ 1 knucklehead # 1 . punk ass niggas . cur to : ext . backyard wall - day 92 where Tre walk balance himself . on both side of the wall be two large pit bull . both dog be bark and flash they sharp fang . another wall where ricky be walk along try to balance himself also . a dog run over to he side of the wall and bark at he also . ricky shut up ! stupid ass mutt . CUT to : ext . neighborhood STREET ~ day . 93 where ferris 's car screech at a fast pace speed . he pass ricky 's house where dough Boy and he friend sit drink and just plain kick it . dough Boy be still hold he neck from the blow he mother give he . the car turn at the corner and go into the alley . ' monster . that nigga roll up on the set one more time I swear I be gonna fuck he up . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only ee 93 4 revise 9/28/90 103. continued : 93 dough boy as he eye widen . he put down the bottle of beer he be drink . and walk out into the yard . back to porch where the homeboy look at dough Boy strange . CHRIS what 's wrong ? back to dough boy who look as though he be have a premonition . dough boy . Rick . . curt to : ext . alley ~ day - 54 where Tre and ricky jump from the wall into a alley . there be much gang write on all of the garage and wall in this alley . both boy try to catch they breath . ricky turn to urinate on a fence . ricky I gotta drain da weasel . wanna see I write my name ? tre what ... no ... I do not wanna see you write you name . hurry up , last thing I want to do be get shot wait for you ass to piss . ricky finish . tre -- let 's go this way . ricky no , let 's split up . tre naw man , we should not do that , if we gotta throw some head it be better to be together . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/28/90 104 . ae 94 continued : . 94 ricky they fool be not gonna scwabble . they just try to show out and shit . besides we can run faster . separately . tre I 's all meet you at you house . ricky okay . the two boy go up opposite side of the alley . 95 int . ferris ‘s car ~ day 95 where ferris pass the shotgun to knucklenead#l , who check the barrel . 95,4 back to alley 95 a . tre be walk along in caution . - |. cur to : ' / 98b ricky 95 B who be carefree , he even stop to pull out another lottery ticket and begin scratch it . . CUT to : 96 ext , baker home - day : 96 where dough Boy run into the house . dough boy - get the fuck out da way ! $ 7 ext . alley - day 97 where Tre turn around to see ricky down the alley . stop to scratch the ticket . at the edge of the alley ferris 's car cruise into view . Tre 's eye widen . ricky be so into the ticket that he do not notice that ferris 's car be right in front of he . 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only st ( @ 97a 98 revise 9/24/90 105 . back to baker home . where dough Boy run out of the house with he gun . CHRIS oh shit somebody gonna get gat ! dough boy I gotta find Rick ! monster yeah , let 's take this niggas out , dooky and monster run with dough Boy towards he impala . Chris be leave behind as they screech out of the driveway but he quickly begin to wheel he chair down the street in the same direction . cuT to : ext . ferris car ~ day where the black tinted window slowly roll down . knucklehead # 1 can be see take aim . slow motion tre begins run back down the alley . tre r..c.r.r. ricky ! ricky . ricky look up from the lottery Card just in time to see ... ferris car with knucklehead#l hang out the window take aim at Rick . back to rick whe turn around to run . behind he the shotqun blast like a cannon , back to tre who be in horror . another angle ricky be staggering try to continue to run . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only a 98 's revise 9/24/90 38 continued : the car window where knucklehead # 1 fire once more . ‘flix.com screenplay database for educational use only {continued ) 1osa . $ 8 '' ( v revise 9/24/90 . 106 . 98 continued : 38 back to ricky who go down slowly with he arm flail in the air . tre be still run towards he wounded friend . down the alley , in the background , dough Boy 's impala can be see roll with force . end slow motion back to ferris car which zoom away . 39 int . dough boy' car = day 89 where he slowly roll past Tre who be hold a dead ricky in he arm . dough Boy stop the car and calmly get out . all be quiet . dough Boy get on he knee and look at he brother . he pull Rick 's dead body close to he . there be tear in both he and Tre 's eye . angle * on Chris in he wheelchair as he turn into the alley . * overhead view of the alley . where several people from the neighborhood enter they backyard and the alley to see what have happen . . dissolve to : 100 ext . baker family home - day 100 wide angle where dough Boy pull up in he car . slowly and carefully he and Tre pull ricky 's body out of the passenger door , soon dough Boy indicate to Tre that he can carry the whole load . the walkway of the house where dough Boy can be see carry ricky 's limp bloody body . Tre be at he side and the rest of the boy follow from behind . in the background many people from the neighborhood be watch . Chris roll back in he wheelchair . 101 int . baker home = day _ 101 ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/24/90 . 106a . 101 continued : 101 doorway where shanice enter with Little ricky in she arm . at the sight of blood she immediately begin scream at the top of she lung . the baby begin to cry . Tre try to hold she back . ( continued } ' lix.com screenplay database for educational use only revise 9/28/90 107 . continued : . 101 sekanice nooao ! noo God ! not Rick ! please God ! let I the fuck go !! back to doorway where Mrs Baker enter also . mrs . baker girl , what the hell 's get into you ass ? , she see the blood on Rick , on dough Boy and tre. mrs . baker tries to remain calm in the face of what will evidently lead to hysteria . she look at dough Boy . mrs . baker what happen ? what do you . do to my son ? she go over to ricky 's bloody body and then pick up the phone and dial three digit . phone ( v.0 . ) 9112 ! Mrs. Baker be shiver with a mixture of fear , shock and depression . she put the phone down . mrs baker ( to dough Boy ) - what do you do to my son ?!! dough boy it be not my fault ! 5 tre put he head down . in the background monster and dooky can be see back out of the doorway . mrs . baker sit down and join shanice in hold Rick 's limp body . Little ricky be still cry at the top of he lung . dough Boy go over to pick up he brother 's little boy . shantice do not touch he ! do not you ever touch he ! ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only 102 revise 9/24/90 108. continued : 102 dough bcy he do not need to be see this . the live room where Mrs. Baker , shanice and Little ricky can be see cluster around ricky 's body . Tre and dough Boy look at each other . Tre pull dough Boy ' close . tre my house in five minute . Mrs. Baker begin to throw blow at dough hoy while he try to hold she hack . it look as though she be try to kill he . Tre go out of the door . cut to : ext . baker family home ~ day i162 where by now there be a large crowd outside the house . among this people be brandi . when she see Tre she walk along with he . the STREET where Tre and brandi walk across towards he house . Tre have a blank stare on he - face and a few tear in he eye . brandi Tre , Tre what happen . do something happen to Rick ? do he get shot ?! . Tre keep walk . the curb where furious can be see get out of he car with grocery in he hand . 7 . furious Tre help I with this bag . tre! trel ! 's Tre keep on walk into the house . brandi run over to furious . brandi talk to he . Rick just get shot . furious close the door to he car and walk towards he house , 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/24/90 108a . 103 int . furious bedroom - day 103 where Tre look under the bed and pull out the shoebox he open it to reveal he father 's .357 Magnum . pick up a few bullet he get up and walk into ... ' lix.com screenplay database for educational use only mn & 104 revise 3/24/90 109 , int . furious live room ~ day . 104 where furious enter the doorway . he and Tre face off . in the background brandi can be see peek through . furious . what be you do ? if you be gonna to do this you be gonna * to have to shoot I first . he turn to look at brandi behind he , furious ( cont 'd ) he 's alright go home . Hell call later . furious close the door on brandi . furious Tre listen to I I understand about you friend and all , my heart go out to he mother but that be they problem . you be my son , my problem ! now give I the gun ! give I the muthafuckin gun ! . * Tre do not look at he father in the eye . he give furious the gun . furious unload the gun and throw it harmlessly on the couch . he then go over to he son and hug he with fatherly force , Tre begin to cry heavily . furious you be my only son , .. I love you and if1l be damned if I be gonna ' lose you ass to this bullshit . there be a knock at the door . the doorway where furious open it to reveal brandi . he indicate that she can come in , brandi run into Tre 's arm and they both cry together . Tre try to wipe he tear away . he lead brandi away into he room . while in he room Tre and brandi sit on the bed , . brandi I gotta go the the bathroom . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/24/90 220. 104 . continued : , , 194 Tre sit up and begin to pace the room . he stop at he close window , 104a the porch 1 lo4 a where furious stand . the curb where dough Boy have pull he car up . he get out and walk up to furious on the porch . dough boy where 's Tre ? furious I hear about Rick . I be sorry . dough boy yeah . where 's Tre ? . furious he can not come out right now ... what you gonna do ? dough boy what do you think I be gonna do ? furious I guess you gonna do what you feel you have to do ... you think it / 1l make you feel better ? dough boy yeah . yeah it will . dough turn around to walk away . . furious darin ! dough boy what ?! : furious just remember this ! that 's what they want you to do ! dough boy who be they ?! dough Boy turn back down the walkway towards he car . cut to : * bflixx.com screenplay database for educational use only revise 9/24/90 , lil . 105 int . bathroom - day 105 where brandi be exite . she go back into Tre 's room where he 's nowhere to be see , the window be open , she come closer * and she can see Tre jump into dough Boy 's impala . brandi run * out of Tre 's room and into the live room . * CUT to : 106 ext . furious home ~ day 106 where furious close he front door and turn to face brandi . * they eye meet and he know something be wrong . * CUT to : 107 . '' ext , baker family home - night 107 , slow motion where Mrs. Baker and shanice stand on the porch as cover ricky 's body be be roll away . the light of a coroner - wagon wash against the house , furious 's voice can be overhear . furious ( v.0 . ) what they could not do to we in slavery they be make we do to ourselves ... the best way you destroy a people be to take away they ability to reproduce . CUT to : 108 ext . burger stand ~ night : 108 slow motion where ferris 's car be park . he and the two knucklehead can be see talk laugh and have a good time . they get out and walk towards the stand . celebration of murder . furious ( v.0 . } who be it we see get kill out here every night ?! the man ! nothing but brother ! 109 int . dough boy' car - day 109 where dough Boy , Tre , monster and dooky ride along in silence . * monster be prepare the hardware , load up a AK - 47 assault rifle . we attention be draw towards Tre . he look at dough Boy , who do not look back . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/24/90 111a . = '' 109 continued : . : 109 furious ( v.0.} . can not you see ?! that 's exactly what they want you to do ! you have to think about the future my brother . ie ' lix.com screenplay database for educational use only of 110 110 a ili 112 113 revise 3/28/90 112. int . baker family home - night 110 where shanice hold Little ricky in she arm . she rock he back and forth . Mrs. Baker walk by with a letter in she hand . we ses that it be from the test Bureau . - cuT to : back tq car . 110a where Tre look in deep think . he look at dough Boy . tre stop . let I out . everybody look at tre. his eye and dough Boy 's meet . dough boy let he out . ext . CITY STREET - night . 412i where Tre get out of the car and run over to the bus stop . cuUT to : int . baker family kitchen ~- night . 11z where Mrs. Baker sit at the table with the letter in hand . she decide to open it . Inside be the test result from ricky 's sat . it indicate that he receive a 710 total . Mrs. Baker put the letter down . cuT to : ext . burger stand - night 413 slow motion a table ~ where ferris and he friend sit eat they food . in the background , dough Boy 's car loom . . furious ( v.0 . ) do you realize that in twenty year the population of black people in this country be expect to decline ?!! not mave up ! but down ! what you have to de be think about what you do to prevent that from happen ! bough boy as he look over at monster indicate ferris and he friend . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/24/90 113. 113 continued : : 113 back to table as they look up and begin to run . the car cruise past . monster spray they with gunfire from the car window . * knucklehead#l go down with several bullet in the back . knucklehead # 2 get it in the leg . ferris get it in the side and leg . . * . dough boy * get out of the car with a .45 and walk into the parking lot = where we see the ferris and the knucklehead grouping with they od arm try to get away . he shoot each of the knucklehead as * he pass they by . * the asphalt where ferris crawl with he arm and shot up leg . dough Bay * begin kick he in the ass . * dough boy . * ( halfway cry ) * get up muthafucka ! turn you ass * over ! * ferris please ! please ! please ! dough boy : * shoot he at point blank range . he unload the entire clip . then he turn and run back to the car . 114 int . dough boy 's car : 4aa4 where we see he face . he have a blank almost dead look in he eye . monster now at the wheel . * ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/24/90 lisa . ~ 114 continued : i214 monster ( almost comically ) let 's roll . CUT to : 115 ext . furious style home ~ night 4115 where we sas Tre walk along . we follow he until he come ~ to the outside of brandi 's house and pause . we see he Pov of she house as some light go off inside . Tre then keep walk down to he own house . he be almost reluctant to enter he own yard . he muster up some energy and go inte he house . ee oh 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only wy it 116 117 118 119 revise 9/28/30 114. int . furious style home ~ night | 116 the live room where Tre enter . he look around the house as though he have be go for a million year . the hallway where furious enter to see Tre . he catch himself and turn back and go into he room , int . tre’s bedroom ~ night . 117 where he enter . he go to sit on he hed . look around he room he eye settle on the growth chart on the wall . Tre get up and walk to the chart . he measure himself and make a notch on the wall for he current height . dissolve to : . int . furious style kitchen ~ night . 118 the table where Tre be sit eat a hamburger he have prepare . furious come in and look into the refrigerator . he say nothing to Tre . the silent treatment . pour a glass of chocelate milk furious settles down and sit opposite he son . they look each other in the eye . furious take a drink of chocolate milk and point towards Tre . furious I think I teach you better . furious then get up and walk away . . tre ( mumble } you do , dissolve to : ext . furious style home - day 11 the porch where Tre sit . he eat a pomegranate fruit . the seed make he hand blood red . 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/28/90 , 115 . 120 ext . baker family home - day . 120 the porch where dough Boy come out to sit on he porch a forty ounce bottle of beer in hand , he breakfast . sighting Tre he get up and walk across the street . the STREET where a skinny dopehead man , ask dough Boy if he have any crack to sell . dough Boy make a quick business transaction and come into Tre 's yard . he join he on the porch , 122 ext . furious style home ~ day 12 . the porch where Tre and dough Boy sit . for some time neither of they speak . dough Boy break the ice , dough boy - ya know he use to run that ball up the street all day . twenty - four seven , three - ohundr and sixty ... we gonna have the funeral tomorrow ... my momma want you say some word since y’all be so . tight ... y¥‘know this be the first time I be up this early ina long time . turned on the t.v. this morning , news be on , they have this thing on live in a violent world y’know ? show all this picture of this foreign place y’k now where foreigner live and all ? tre '' you mean like Lebanon and Israel ? dough boy .. yeah shit like that ... and I ~ start think y’know ... they either do not know , do not show , and do not care what be go on in the hood , they have all that foreign shit instead ... they do not show nothing about my brother , dough Boy start to cry . all of the pent up emotion and aggression flow through he eye . Tre hand nim a napkin . the red juice from the fruit be on it . dough Boy rub he eye . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only revise 9/28/90 116. lon ] 121 continued : . 121 dough boy ( cont 'd ) «-« I do not even have a brother no more . do not have no momma either - ~ she love that fool more and I anyways ... shit . the sidewalk where sheryl , the crack addict mother lcok towards deugh Boy on the porch . indicating she want some crack . sheryl get some blow ? dough boy '' ( through he tear ) no bitch !! get the fuck outta my face !! and keep that baby out the motherfuckin street ... snit ! tre I be cry ali last night . cried so much , it 's almost like I ain not no more tear leave . ya know ? dough boy you ...you .... ya know cuzz ft understand why you get out da ride last night . you do not even need the be in there in the first place . you gonna be move up and all . do not want that shit to come back to haunt you ass . tre yfall get ‘em ? Tre look at he friend . dough boy' eye tell Tre the answer to he question . dough boy I do not even know how to feel about that now either ... it just go on . next thing you know somebody might try to smoke I . it do not matter though , cause we all gotta go some time . seem like somebedy punch the wrong clock on Rick though ... I gotta go cuzz . ( continued ) 8flix.com screenplay database . '' for educational use only ie _ 122 revise 9/28/90 117 . continued : . 124 : tre yeah . he get up , give Tre a grip and turn to walk away . Tre catch he before he do . tre yo man . rough boy ( rub he eye ) what ? tre you still get one brother leave . dough boy ( smile ) i’ will remember that . the sidewalk as dough Boy walk away . as he walk we see a message under this image . message : bough Boy live to see he brother bury the next day , two week later he be murder . the image of dough Boy dissolves away . we see empty sidewalk , the porch where we see Tre . a message appear under this image also . message : Tre go to morehouse , where he be majore in communication . fade to black : title card : boyz N the hood increase the peace !!! 8flix.com screenplay database . for educational use only