brad' status written by Mike White pink revision - September 29 , 2016 blue revision - September 26 , 2016 white production draft - September 13 , 2016 brad' status - pink revision - Sept. 29 , 2016 - page 1 fade in : int . bedroom - night 1 brad sloan , lie in bed , stare anxiously up at the ceiling . his wife , melanie , be asleep beside he . moonlight illuminate the room . it be deathly silent , then we hear a narrator 's voice . narrator Brad be lie in bed at 3 am wonder why he feel so anxious . close on brad as he mind wander from think to think . narrator he scan through all the possible source of he dread - as there be many - until he seize upon the Architectural digest . Brad wince as he memory be stir . int . SACRAMENTO live room - night 2 ten people be gather in a live room , drink and chat . narrator that night , he and Melanie have go to a dinner party with some of she co-worker . Brad spot a architectural digest on the coffee table . he notice the cover and pick it up . on architectural digest photo of some sleek modern house . narrator there be a photo spread of a hideous steel and glass monstrosity in Los Angeles . ( continued ) brad' status - pink revision - Sept. 29 , 2016 - page 2 continued : 2 the page flip . the owner of the house , nick and he latino boyfriend sit on the couch , grin , in one of the photo . narrator Brad realize the home belong to a college friend , Nick pascale . on brad - he grimace at the photo - a stricken look . narrator the article state he buy the house for nine million dollar and put another two into it . back and closer on photo of nick and he husband . narrator Brad know Nick have become successful , but feel gut - punch nonetheless . Brad toss down the magazine . omit 3 int . dine room - night 4 as the other guest , include Melanie , laugh and chat , Brad glumly stare into space . narrator this ruin the dinner party for Brad . he stare into space mostly . glimpse of the other dinner guest , talk and eat . narrator he realize the other people at the table be mediocrity . underachieve beta male , live in Sacramento , a secondary market . guy think they be big fish in the most inconsequential of pond . Brad look around at the other with a sour expression . narrator he feel contempt for himself and everyone there . brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 3 int . brad 's bedroom - night 5 Brad roll over in bed , restless and agitate . he pick up he cell phone on the side table . it glow to life . narrator Brad 's mind go to other success that pain he . on phone - moment later we see Brad 's finger scroll across a series of google image of Craig Fisher - a political wonk and talk head . Craig - in a studio , pose with the President , get interview . narrator there be Craig Fisher - who have work for the White House . he have write two successful book and be always on tv . he have always be a self - confident know - it - all and now life have affirm he delusion of grandeur . we now see Brad 's finger zoom in close on a photo of Craig , he wife and two daughter all smile , at a event . on brad - illuminate by the light of the phone , he grimace . he put the phone down . he look back up at the ceiling . narrator he think about Jason hatfield ... ext . manhattan STREET - day 6 jason hatfield walk with two execs . a attractive assistant intercept he and they hop in the back of a wait suv . narrator ..+- whose hedge fund have make he obscenely wealthy . that he be a nice guy who be a philanthropist and have even give money to Brad 's non - profit somehow make it even worse . ext . maui beach - day 7 a tan billy werstler sit on the beach with two young surfer girl , chat they up . ( continued ) brad' status - pink revision - Sept. 29 , 2016 - page 4 continued : 7 narrator and billy werstler who have make enough money from he tech start - up to retire in maui before he be even forty . int . brad 's bedroom - night 8 Brad grit he tooth , he mind reeling . narrator everyone have win the lottery but he . bitter adrenaline pump through Brad 's body . he be never go to get back to sleep . int . brad 's live room - day 9 Brad 's son , troy , age six , be play something for he on a electric keyboard . Brad look over at ... ... the tv - where Craig Fisher be be interview on a news program . narrator he remember the first time he have see Craig Fisher be interview on tv . on brad - he stop listen to Troy and stare mesmerize at the tv . he rise , point at Craig 's talk head . narrator the memory be like a cluster of needle in he heart . this be not a fleeting jealousy . it be pain . it be real pain . brad ( call toward kitchen ) Melanie ! closer on brad - as he digest this vision . narrator why be it so painful ? what be wrong with he ? * brad' status - Blue revision - Sept 26 , 2016 - page 5 10 int . brad 's bedroom - night 10 agitate and try to get comfortable , Brad accidentally swat Melanie in the face , waking she . melanie Brad ! brad shit , sorry . melanie ( half -asleep ) what the hell ? you just hit I in the face . brad sorry , sorry . I can not sleep . ( beat ) how much do you think you parent house be worth ? melanie my parent 's house ? I do not know . brad like two million ? two and a half ? melanie I do not know . brad you have never think about it ? melanie not really . brad ( grab he phone ) it 's all say on Zillow . melanie why be you do this ? brad ( type into phone ) it say 1.857 . that seem low , no ? for Seattle ? 4300 square foot . Zillow be always low . I bet 2.5 at least . do not you think ? ( continued ) 10 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 6 continued : melanie what do it matter ? brad well , be not you get the house when they die ? melanie when they die ? I mean , I split it with my brother . brad really ? melanie what ? brad but you brother marry into a ton of money . he and vanessa do not need you parent 's money . melanie it do not matter anyway , Brad . I mean ... brad why ? because of climate change ? you think the world 's gonna end before we retire ? melanie uh , no . brad we might need that money , mel . melanie I think they be consider leave it all to the grandkid . brad what do you mean ? melanie split everything among the grandkid . brad what ? Steve have three kid . and they be already rich . we only have one . how 's that fair ? 10 ( continued ) 10 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 7 continued : 10 melanie it 's not up to I . they have also think about just leave it all to charity so who know ? brad seriously ? that 's absurd . that 's mean . melanie you work for a non-profit - and you think that 's absurd ? brad right . I work for a non-profit . and you work for the government . we need the money . melanie look , I be gonna be so distraught when my parent die , I be not gonna give a fuck about the money . brad really ? not at all ? I think you will . melanie what about you dad ? you have money come to you . brad he 's a academic . two hundred thousand dollar maybe . melanie it 's all help pay for Troy 's college . be that why you be worry about money ? we will be fine . we 'il figure it out . brad thank god we only have one kid . melanie oh my god . brad how much do you think you parent be worth total ? four ? five ? Split in half . then tax . that 's like 1.5 , 1.2. ( more ) ( continued ) brad' status - Blue revision - Sept 26 , 2016 - page 8 continued : 10 brad ( cont would ) and they 's 1ll probably have health care shit to pay for - that senior live place can eat up the whole entire thing in no time ... melanie what be wrong with you ? brad I just feel like we be run out of time here . there 's no more potential - this be it - we have plateaud - and clearly there 's not gonna be some windfall out of nowhere that 's gonna change the situation ... melanie we be not poor , Brad . brad in some circle . yeah . melanie what circle ? the one per cent ? please . go to sleep . Brad roll over , then roll back to she . brad I can not . melanie stop think about this . brad we do not work this hard to end up die in a flophouse . you know ? melanie ( turn away from he ) you be freaking I out . enough . we have a great life . brad I think you should talk to you parent and get some clarity . the grandkid do not need the money . especially Steve and vanessa 's . I have see they post . they live like Saudi Arabian princess . they have they whole life ahead of they anyway . you and I be do ! ( continued ) 10 11 12 13 brad' status - Blue revision - Sept 26 , 2016 - page 9 continued : 10 melanie please shut up . Brad shut up . he stare into the middle distance . ext . SACRAMENTO neighborhood - dawn 11 the sun be rise over Brad 's residential neighborhood - modest , but attractive home . a young cyclist barrel down the center of the empty road . sprinklers go off at a nearby house . a neighbor close he trash can and pull it up the drive . ext . brad 's house - dawn 11a establishing shot as a car drive by . int . brad 's house - morning 12 a few image of the house . a framed photo of Brad , Melanie and they son , Troy - in the photo , maybe nine year old . they be all smile . a suitcase on roller be place by the front door . int . troy 's bedroom - morning 13 Troy , now 17 , sit in a towel on he bed , with he bulldog . Troy stare lovingly at the dog . close on bulldog as he lift he neck so Troy can scratch it . troy I know you get mad when I go away . please do not piss on the bed . Brad open the door . brad we have ten minute . troy ( rise ) yeah , I be ready . I just gotta put on my clothes . ( more ) ( continued ) 13 brad' status - Blue revision - Sept 26 , continued : troy ( cont would ) ( as brad linger ) can you give I a second ? brad ( surprised ) Troy - you suddenly have the body of a man , man . 2016 - page 9a 13 ( continued ) brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 10 13 continued : 13 troy please do not be weird , dad . I be stress . 14 int . melanie 's car - traveling - day 14 Melanie drive , talk to Troy , who sit in the back . Brad be in the passenger seat , look out the window . troy I have it , Mom . it 's all on my phone . melanie will you forward it to you dad ? I do not think he have any sense of the schedule . do you Brad ? ( no response ) I do not think he have any idea . so it 's really on you , honey ... close on brad - he be lose in think . we can hear Melanie and Troy continue to talk in the b.g. narrator the entire ride to the airport , Brad keep think about he protege , Chris kanew - and about how Chris kanew have quit that week . and all the thing he say . 15 int . chipotle - lunch 15 Brad sit at a lunch place with a young colleague , CHRIS . brad so wait - I do not understand ? sound like you be quit . CHRIS ( solemn nod ) I be quit . I get another job actually . I start in two week . brad what ? where ? CHRIS San Francisco . at City National . in they brokerage office . ( continued ) 15 16 17 brad' status - Blue revision - Sept 26 , 2016 - page 11 continued : 15 brad wait a minute . you be get into banking ? CHRIS ( nod ) I have love work with you , Brad . I have learn a lot from you . but I think this job have make I ... kinda depressed . and I actually think I can do more good by just make a lot of money - and give it away . instead of spend all my time ask other people for they money to give away . you know ? Brad stare at he , floor . int . melanie 's car - traveling - day 16 as Melanie and Troy chat , Brad stare out the window , sink into a deep funk . narrator as he remember the exchange , Brad feel a hot flush of humiliation . he feel expose in some essential and embarrassing way . it seem so obvious that he life 's work be a absurdity . it might as well be tattooe across he face . Brad absently cover the invisible tattoo on he forehead . ext . SACRAMENTO airport - day 17 Brad pull they bag from the trunk . Melanie come give Troy a big hug . melanie call I all the time . I want to know everything . this be so exciting ! I love you ! troy thanks , Mom . should be cool . Melanie approach Brad . she 's emotional . ( continued ) 17 18 19 brad' status - Blue revision - Sept 26 , 2016 - page 12 continued : 17 melanie I can not believe this . this be crazy . brad he 's not leave yet . we be just look at school . melanie ( in tear ) I know . it just feel like a big moment . I be so jealous . I wish I do not have this stupid conference . ( compose herself ; smile ) the flight info 's all on you phone - the hotel - it 's all there . be happy . be present . okay ? ( hug brad ) and take picture . I love you . Melanie give Troy one last kiss , then get back in the car . they wave she off . int . SACRAMENTO airport - day 18 Brad hand he and Troy 's ticket to a tsa officer . tsa officer the economy entrance be that line . brad well , what be this ? tsa officer Business , first class only . be you tsa pre ? brad no , but I have a Silver Flyer card . tsa officer sorry . Brad nod and shuffles off , with Troy in tow . int . airport gate - day 19 Brad and Troy sit in the crowded terminal , wait for they flight to board . Troy listen to music . ( continued ) 19 20 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 13 continued : 19 Brad watch - a young father , nearby - play with he toddler son . after a moment , Brad turn to Troy and motion for he to take off he headphone . Troy do . brad you know what I be think ? let 's try for a upgrade . troy what do you mean ? brad this be a big moment . you be gonna go find you college . you and I - how many trip be we gonna have like this again ? let 's fly business . troy Business . really ? okay . brad I have a lot of mile I think . might cost a little money . it will be fun . let 's make this fuck special . right ? troy I have never fly business . Brad give Troy a emphatic that - settles - it grin then rise . int . gate counter - moment later 20 Brad have wait he turn in line . he approach the female airline rep . airline rep how can I help you ? brad hi . I be fly today with my son - he 's a senior in high school and we be go East to look at college . ( no response ) pretty cool . umm , wonder if there 's any room in business so we could upgrade . ( continued ) brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 14 continued : 20 airline rep let I see . I believe there might be . two of you be travel ? ( tap away on computer ) good news . there be two seat available in business . brad awesome . airline rep can I see you ticket ? Brad hand over he ticket . as she type ... brad I be hope I could use my mile . I have a bunch of mile I think ... airline rep unfortunately , no - not for this flight , you can not . the cost to upgrade to business would be eight hundred and twenty one dollar a ticket . ( type away ) so the total would be sixteen hundred and forty - two dollar . brad sixteen hundred dollar ? for a domestic flight ? airline rep sixteen forty - two , yes . ( as he stall ) do you want to go ahead and purchase the ticket ? brad uh ... hmmm ... sixteen ... airline rep do you want to sit down and think about it while I help some of the other passenger in line ? brad you know what , let 's just do it . ( get out wallet ) I will put it on the amex . I mean , the mastercard . no , the amex . ( continued ) 20 21 brad' status - Blue revision - Sept 26 , 2016 - page 15 continued : 20 airline rep ( take card ) great ! let I just run that . brad ( justify ) it 's a once in a lifetime thing . my only kid - go to college . airline rep Mr. sloan , actually , unfortunately - we can not upgrade you . I be sorry . brad why not ? airline rep it seem as though you buy you ticket on a discount website . with that type of ticket , we can not upgrade you . brad even if I pay sixteen hundred dollar ? airline rep there 's actually no amount of money you could pay to get a upgrade . I be so sorry . anything else ? brad uh , no . it 's no big deal . what if I be a Silver Flyer member ...? the rep shake she head and wave the next customer up . Brad , disappointed , return to he seat . int . airplane - day 21 Troy and Brad board the plane , pass ... ... the passengers in first CLASS . they be be serve mimosa and champagne . they be all wealthy and well - dress . Brad look at they as he slowly make he way down the aisle . 22 23 24 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 16 int . airplane - day 22 Troy and Brad sit toward the back of the plane . they look cramped and uncomfortable . Brad pull out he silver flyer club member card from he wallet . brad I be sorry I could not get we the upgrade . I ... troy it 's no biggie . brad this Silver Flyer Card be totally meaningless . it mean nothing . it get you nothing . troy well , get rid of it . brad I be gonna . I be toss it . should I ? yeah , fuck it - it 's trash . ( nowhere to throw it ) I will just keep it for now . Brad put it back in he wallet and sigh . int . airplane - later 23 Troy listen to music and thumb through a magazine . Brad , deep in think , look out the plane 's window . narrator on the flight , Brad wonder when be the last time Craig Fisher fly economy . probably not in decade . int . first CLASS - day 24 we see Craig Fisher , sit in first class , drink a mimosa , approach by a flight attendant . narrator Brad imagine Craig enjoy all the perk of first class . flight attendant Mr. Fisher , can I offer you a warm towel ? ( continued ) 24 25 26 27 brad' status - Blue revision - Sept 26 , 2016 - page 17 continued : 24 craig warm towel . yes , thank you . with a tong , she hand he a towel . Craig place it over he face and recline in he cushy seat . ext . airport tarmac - day 25 Jason hatfield and he elegant wife and they four towheaded child cross a tarmac towards they private plane . narrator then Brad think about how Jason hatfield have he own private plane . probably never have to fly commercial at all . ext . airport tarmac - day 26 Nick pascale and he boyfriend and they dog get out of a helicopter and cross the tarmac , then walk the stair to they private plane . narrator Nick pascale probably fly private , too . Brad think what a high it must be for this guy to always feel important and special and better than . it must be like a drug - a drug Brad distrust yet covete , and never seem to have the opportunity to try . int . private plane - day 27 the hatfield family enter the plane . they begin eat , play , take picture . narrator Brad imagine all the great vacation they go on - the exotic destination . Jason and he wife drink champagne from flute , then chuck the glass . she then take a selfie of she and Jason . * brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 18 28 int . airplane - day 28 the same selfie photo be on a instagram page of jacqueline hatfield . we see Brad scrolling through Jason 's wife 's instagram page , a sour look on he face . on phone - more photo of Jason 's family live the good life . narrator the adventure . and the sense of possibility . no door ever close . everything a option . Brad put away the phone and stare out the window . narrator the world for they be not a battlefield . not even a obstacle course . he look out at the cloud and the landscape below . narrator it 's a playground . a dream . a Heaven manifest . Troy tap Brad on the shoulder . a flight attendant stand behind he with she cart . troy dad , can I get some pringles ? they be seven dollar . brad Seven dollar ? yeah . okay . troy I need you credit card . Brad pull out he wallet and hand over the card . 29 int . airplane - later 29 Troy have fall asleep . Brad sit and stare , think . narrator Brad 's thought soon drift back to he college day at tuft . 30 30 a 31 32 brad' status - Blue revision - Sept 26 , 2016 - page 19 ext . tuft university - sunset 30 the late ' 80x . from a grassy knoll , we watch a group of male student gather and greet each other . it 's a nostalgic , beautiful image . narrator be not Brad then the golden boy ? be not he the one destine for great thing ? how do he end up the one compromise by life and live in the margin ? Brad liken it in he mind to a love affair . when he be young , he be in love with the world . and the world love he . ext . shot of plane landing 30 a the screech of tire on the runway . int . airplane - afternoon 31 the plane have just land . it taxi across the runway . narrator it pain he to admit the world have fall out of love with he first . this realization make he want to cry . Brad look like he might cry , then realize Troy be talk to he . troy ...- they say air travel leave a huge carbon footprint - and with so many people fly now , it 's a big contributor to global warming . kinda suck . Brad snap out of it , feign attention to Troy . flight attendant ( 0.s. ) welcome to Boston . local time here be 6:15 pm ... ext . boston - dusk 32 iconic boston spot from inside a move taxi . brad' status - Blue revision - Sept 26 , 2016 - page 19 a 33 int . taxi - traveling - dusk 33 Brad and Troy be in the back of a taxi . ( continued ) 33 33A 34 35 brad' status - pink revision - Sept. 29 , 2016 - page 20 continued : 33 narrator in the cab ride to the hotel , Brad try to locate the moment where thing have go wrong for he . and when . his first think be Melanie . int . brad 's house - live room - night 33A Brad work at the dining room table . he look over at Melanie - she have pull Troy close to she and play with he hair as they watch tv . the bulldog be in Troy 's lap . narrator yes , Melanie be a great mother and she love Brad and be clearly happy with they life together . Melanie look over at he and smile . he smile back . int . brad 's house - kitchen - night 34 Brad and Melanie be have a discussion in the kitchen as they make dinner . Brad approach she with a spoonful of sauce to try . narrator but she be also easily satisfied - and maybe she contentment undermine he ambition . Melanie taste the pasta and smile , nodd . Brad remain skeptical that it taste good . int . private plane - day 35 Nick pascale 's boyfriend show he a watch in a magazine . narrator Nick pascale 's boyfriend obviously love expensive thing . maybe he appetite spur Nick 's drive to succeed . Nick take out a watch BOX and hand it to xavier . xavier open it - it 's the same watch . xavier exult . % + eh * brad' status - pink revision - Sept. 29 , 2016 - page 20 a 36 int . private plane - day 36 Jason hatfield 's elegant wife smooth down one of she daughter 's pinafore and arrange she hair . narrator and Jason hatfield 's wife be a blue blood . ( more ) ( continued ) 36 37 38 39 brad' status - Blue revision - Sept 26 , 2016 - page 21 continued : 36 narrator ( cont would ) she have introduce he to rich client , give he entree and status , and show he the way of the american aristocracy . ext . red carpet - night 37 Craig and he wife , diane , be both be interview separately on a red carpet before a event . narrator and Diane Fisher be a celebrate intellectual herself . she and Craig compete with each other - and that dynamic have drive Craig to become a stand - out in he field . they stop and pose for photo . int . / ext . taxi - traveling - dusk 38 Brad 's phone - he be now look at photo of Craig and Diane at the same event on he phone . narrator maybe Brad have marry the wrong woman . Brad react to the photo . back on phone - a income call - the screen read '' melanie '' . he answer . brad ( into phone ) hey , honey . yep , we make it - we be on we way to the hotel . how 's it go there ? yeah ? int . HOTEL lobby - night 39 Brad hand over he credit card to the employee at the registration desk . Troy linger nearby . as the employee run Brad 's card ... ..- Brad eye-ball a older man beside he , complain to another HOTEL employee . ( continued ) 39 40 4l brad' status - Blue revision - Sept 26 , 2016 - page 22 continued : 39 older man there 's this draft , move the curtain - and I be hearing this constant whistle and it 's drive I crazy ... + eh narrator Brad 's suspicion then turn to he father . int . brad 's parent 's house - night 40 brad' dad , a rumple academic , sit in a read chair , jotting he thought onto a yellow legal pad . narrator his dad have be a professor and have spend year write a exhaustive study on institutional fascism that be never publish . Brad 's dad read over what he 's just write , find it lack and scratch it out . he start over . narrator Brad find he father self - pity and defensive . int . brad 's parent 's kitchen - night 41 * Brad and he dad , now older , have a argument over dinner . brad' dad I do not need the humiliation . I know they have no interest . it 's not about vampire child - or whatever . this publishing house ... as he dad pontificate , we hear : narrator his lifelong commitment to expose the tyranny of the powerful have harden over the year into a crippling paranoia . it bother Brad that he father have no perspective on he own failing - but find fault everywhere else . the sociology department , the University , corporate America . ( continued ) brad' status - Blue revision - Sept 26 , 2016 - page 23 continued : 41 brad' dad the value of society have become the value of the ruling class . forget about subversion . Brad , exasperate , shake he head and give up . int . private plane lounge - day 42 * Jason hatfield 's father and mother have join the family . * they be a distinguished - look older couple . Jason and he Father have a animated conversation , while he mother attend to she grandkid . we see the plane in the b.g. * narrator meanwhile , Jason hatfield 's dad have be a state senator and a businessman . steadfast , uncomplicate , cheerful . of course Jason have be give all the tool he need to succeed . they all stand to exit . a hand reach in for a forget * sweater . * int . HOTEL room - night 43 as Troy unpack he bag , Brad sit on the bed , think . narrator unlike Brad , who have inherite he father 's indecisiveness , he authority complex , he tendency to lay blame . even now , here he be blame he father for he own disappointment . Brad shake he head with self - loathing . narrator enough . Brad 's choice be he . Brad do it . he 's the piece of shit . suddenly , Troy toss he baseball cap , hit Brad 's head . troy dad . Brad look up , a bit stupefy . ( continued ) 43 brad' status - Blue revision - Sept 26 , continued : troy you deaf ? I be ask you if you want to go get some food . 2016 - page 23a 43 ( continued ) brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 24 43 continued : 43 brad ( rallying ) yeah . let 's do it . let 's get some food . I be hungry . troy all I have eat today be that can of pringles . 44 int . chinese restaurant - night 44 Troy and Brad sit , look at menus . everyone else in the restaurant be old and chinese . troy this menu be pretty weird . brad not sure where else to go . troy I think you go to school here . brad tuft be another part of town . and it be twenty - five year ago . ( force a grin ) this be cool , hunh ? we be really do it ! you want to go over you schedule ? troy not really , but okay . ( off brad 's look ) it 's on you phone . I send it to you . Brad take out he phone and look up the e-mail . brad ( read ) okay , tomorrow Harvard - interview and tour . troy and then I be suppose to meet up with this girl from high school who go there . she 's in the music department so ... ( continued ) brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 25 continued : 44 brad Wednesday - tuft interview and tour . that 's gonna be weird - I have not be back there in so long . ( shrug ) okay , then Thursday - we rent the car - drive to amherst - then Williams ... ( look up ) this be all competitive school , Troy . you have some safety school you be apply to ? troy yeah , sure . brad just try not to get too catch up in the game . the brand . do not put too much pressure on yourself . it all work out . in the end , you end up at the right place . troy I be not worried . brad you should not be . troy I be just stoke to get out of sac . everything else be gravy . brad ahh , Sacramento 's all right . Troy let out a little laugh . brad you will miss you parent . troy that 's true . brad when I be you age , I be so freak out about college . I want to go to Yale . I be obsessed . I do not even know why . why Yale ? then I get wait-list - and then I do not get in . but it all work out . I love tuft . tuft be a fantastic school . ( more ) ( continued ) brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 26 continued : 44 brad ( cont would ) make great friend . I hada professor - Bob connor - take I under he wing - blow my mind - change my life - make I want to save the world . Brad 's mind drift for a bit , then he return . brad anyway , fuck Yale . you know what I be say ? and if you do not get into tuft , fuck tuft . troy my counselor think I 'il get into Yale . it take Brad a moment to process this . brad she do ? troy he do . brad he do ? ( off troy 's nod ) why do he think that ? troy I do not know . my grade . my score . my composition - I guess a lot of this school want to fill orchestral spot . ( shrug ) my counselor 's pretty confident I ‘’1l get in everywhere I apply . ( off brad 's look ; laugh ) what ? you look stunne . brad no. I just ... do you think this guy know what he 's talk about ? troy he 's be do it for twenty year . brad he think you will get into Yale ? ( off troy 's nod ) that 's amazing . really ? wow. ( more ) ( continued ) 44 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 27 44 continued : brad ( cont would ) I mean , I know you have good grade . I have always think you be a genius . but I just ... that be so awesome , Troy . ( beam , then ... ) but we be not visit Yale . troy I do not want to go to Yale . brad why not ? troy I be hope I ‘’1l get into Harvard . there 's a music professor there - this guy , Jerome backaly . and he 's do really cool stuff . and I do not know - it 's a cool program . I just have this feel ... brad you should meet he while you be here ! troy I would like to . my friend from school - she say , there 's a concert Wednesday night she 's play - and he might be there . so ... brad ( amaze ) you be go to Harvard . troy well , maybe - I do not know . brad do you mother know this ? troy she know I want to . brad I just can not believe I do not know this . troy you know we be come here . ( continued ) brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 28 44 continued : 44 brad I know we be check out the school - but I do not know you be actually gonna get in . troy I might not get in . brad but it sound like you might ? troy ( smile ) yeah , I might . brad ( elate ) my kid 's go to Harvard . troy well , do not fuck jinx I , dude . Brad be soon full of emotion . he work to keep it in check . troy you okay , dad ? Brad nod , compose himself . brad life 's crazy . how cool . proud of you . Brad look like he might cry . the waitress arrive . waitress what can I get you ? brad ( look up ) hi . we be here visit college . my son 's first choice be Harvard . Troy roll he eye , embarrassed . waitress okay . and what would he like to eat ? 45 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 29 int . HOTEL room - night 45 Brad and Troy lie back on they twin bed , both illuminate by the glow of they laptop . on Brad - he be wide - eye , energize - as he stare at the computer screen . we can hear classical piano leak from he ear bud . narrator Brad be electrify by this latest development . here - suddenly - a unexpected lifeline - something tangible - a outward proof . on computer - Brad be watch a home video of Troy play piano . he 's clearly a prodigy . narrator of course . his child . his son . Brad have tear in he eye as he watch the video . narrator a genius . with substance . his heart could burst with this deep satisfaction . he look over at ... ... Troy , watch game of throne on he laptop . narrator Brad realize along the way , he have somehow lose the plot . cure of he amnesia , he now remember what he have be do for the last seventeen year . Troy sense he 's be watch . he look over . Brad give Troy a big , prideful grin . narrator plant and nurture and modeling for this miraculous creature . Troy smile back , bemuse , then turn back to the show . Brad look out into the middle distance , contemplative . ( continued ) 45 46 47 48 49 brad' status - Blue revision - Sept 26 , 2016 - page 30 continued : 45 narrator it occur to Brad that billy werstler and Nick pascale do not even have kid . ext . nick pascale 's house - day 46 Nick and he husband have a pool party at they LA mansion with a bunch of young , athletic guy . narrator the pleasure in they life be like candy , Brad think . ext . maui beach 47 billy make out with a attractive girl in the ocean . narrator sugary , addictive , but ultimately empty , even potentially harmful . int . HOTEL - night 48 Brad put away the laptop , smile to himself . narrator not like the profound and sustain pleasure Brad be experience right now . Troy be now crouching in front of the mini-bar cabinet . troy dad , can I have this toblerone ? brad of course . as Troy open the toblerone ... narrator in this new light , Brad reconsider all he regret . int . private plane - day 49 it 's mayhem in the hatfield family 's private plane . the kid be all act bratty , complain and argue . ( continued ) 49 50 51 brad' status - pink revision - Sept. 29 , 2016 - page 31 continued : 49 Jason hatfield look irritate , ignore the chaos as he try to work on he computer . narrator if he have pursue money and power like Jason hatfield , Troy might have end up spoiled and entitle . one of the young boy snort a line of cocaine off a tray . narrator maybe on hard drug . int . new york restaurant - day 50 Craig and Diane Fisher and they tween twin girl , in they Brooklyn hipster fashion , have a discussion over brunch . narrator and if he have marry a striver like Diane Fisher and stay in New York , he kid could have be self - important and unbearable . tween twin one we need capital for we digital newsletter . you must know investor . craig well , what be it exactly ? tween twin two we have tell you , dad . feminist theory and shopping tip . int . HOTEL room - night 51 Troy hand Brad the last chunk of toblerone . Brad pop it in he mouth . brad ( to himself ; chew ) thank God for Sacramento . troy hunh ? Brad suddenly tickle Troy . they rough house a bit before Troy push Brad away . 52 52a 52b 53 54 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 32 int . HOTEL room - night 52 Troy and Brad sleep soundly in they bed . they both snore . narrator for the first time in month , Brad sleep through the night without waking . ext . harvard bridge - morning 52 a Troy and Brad walk the bridge from Boston to Cambridge . ext . harvard university - morning 52b Troy and Brad enter the Harvard gate . ext . harvard university - morning 53 Troy and Brad walk to the admission build . brad you nervous ? troy not really . I guess , a little . brad I know you . you have get this . troy thanks , dad . Brad open the door to the admission office and they enter . int . admission office - moment later 54 Brad look at some photo on the wall : a old photo of young , white harvard student from the 1800' . another old photo of young , white harvard student from the 1950' a third photo of young , ethnically diverse student from the present day . Brad cross and sit , next to another wait mother . ( continued ) brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 33 continued : 54 brad you have a son ? daughter ? mother yes , a son - he 's interview . brad mine , too . where you from ? mother St. Petersburg . brad Russia ?? mother ( shake she head ) Florida . brad oh , right . okay . my son be a very talented musician . pianist . keyboard . and he compose he own music so ... mother wonderful . brad look like he 's gonna have a lot of decision to make . I think Harvard - be definitely in the run though . mother ( dry ) you think Harvard have a chance ? brad what do you son , uh , do ? mother what do he do ? he 's a student in high school . brad right , right . ( size she up ) okay . suddenly , a sheepish Troy appear . ( continued ) 54 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , continued : troy hey , dad. brad ( confuse ) what happen ? be it over ? troy I get the day wrong . brad what ? troy I get the day wrong . it 's yesterday . brad yesterday . what do you mean ? troy yeah , I do not know , I fuck it up . it be yesterday . brad do they give you a time to come back ? troy I think they be pretty book up . they say I could do a alumnus interview back in Sacramento . brad noooo . you do not want to do that . you want to do it with one of this guy . this be the guy that decide . ( to the mother ) right ? the mother shrug . troy I be just gonna go on the tour . it 's not a big deal . brad it be a big deal . let I talk to they . troy no , dad , no . 2016 - page 34 54 ( continued ) 54 55 a admission officer talk to Brad . brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 35 54 continued : brad yes , I be go to . we do not come all this way so you could have a interview in Sacramento . int . admission office - reception area - day admission officer I would love to be able to accommodate you guy - but we schedule 's be set - for month . brad we fly from Sacramento . admission officer we have a pretty small staff here ... brad I just want you to get a sense of my son . Harvard be he first choice . so ... troy dad - it 's okay . brad he 's a pianist . he do community service . his counselor say he 's Harvard material . admission officer it 's not necessary to have a interview here . alumni interview be just as good . brad oh , come on . I know how important face time be , okay ? we be here . come on . do not shine we . troy dad ! brad can not you just sit with he for ten minute ? what be you do right now ? 55 Troy hover , anxious . ( continued ) 55 56 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - continued : admission officer I have a staff meeting . troy ( grab Brad 's arm ) please , please , please . please . Brad register Troy 's plaintive look and relent . ext . admission office - day Troy and Brad have exite . they argue on the lawn . troy what the fuck , dad ? you think argue with the admission officer be gonna help my chance ? brad he will not remember this . troy I think he will . brad I do not understand - how can someone who have the brain to get into Harvard , not have the brain to remember what day he make a appointment - so he could get into Harvard ?! troy I do not know . fuck off . brad do not tell I to fuck off . troy I be sorry . can we walk somewhere else please ? they be about to start a tour . brad so what ? troy I do not want everyone see I get bitched out by my dad , okay ? page 36 55 56 ( continued ) 56 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 37 p g 56 continued : brad I be not bitching you out . I be try to solve a problem here . you need to have a interview . I mean , we be here . that 's the point . troy I think the point be for I to get a sense of the school . brad no , the point be for the school to get a sense of you . you need to make a impression . I know you think you have this in the bag . but it 's Harvard . even geniuse get reject , Troy . Troy look over and see - a group of applicant and they parent gather for a tour . troy oh my god . brad you realize we be compete with kid from Hong Kong and everywhere ! okay ? you be a white kid from the suburb without a sob story . and you be not even a legacy . we be underdog here - we need to do everything we can . troy ( embarrassed ) dad - I be about to flip the fuck out . please shut up . brad let I think . go on the tour - and I will meet you back here when it 's over . troy what be you gonna do ? brad I be gonna make some call . Troy look uneasy - but the tour be leave . ( continued ) + h hk brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 38 continued : 56 troy just do not do anything uncool . Brad grimace and take out he phone . int . brad 's house - morning 57 Melanie be feed the bulldog , on she cell phone . melanie hey . intercut phone call brad Troy mess up - we be here at Harvard and he do not have a interview . he get the day wrong . do we know anyone at Harvard ? I want to get he a interview . they need to meet he . melanie who 's at Harvard ? like a ... like a ... like a... dean ? brad ( excited ) Babe , Harvard be Troy 's first choice . do you know that ? and he counselor think he can get in ? do you know that ? who do we know at Harvard ?! melanie I do not know . I mean ... I gotta think . Toni morrison ? brad Toni morrison ? you know Toni morrison ? melanie no . brad she teach at Princeton , Melanie . what the fuck be you talk about , Toni morrison ? ( continued ) 57 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , continued : melanie I do not know . who would I know at Harvard ? brad you know people in government . someone musta go to Harvard . think . it 's Troy 's future . melanie I meet one of the kennedy in San Francisco . brad yeah ? melanie she 's a yoga instructor . do not Craig Fisher teach a class there ? brad what ? no. do he ? melanie I think I read that somewhere . I think he 's a visit lecturer or something . he fly up from d.c . brad he life in New York now . melanie he fly up from New York then . I be pretty sure he lecture there , teach a class or ... brad fuuuuuck ! melanie what ? brad I think you be right . now that you mention it ... shit ! melanie what 's wrong ? brad I do not want to call he . ugh. goddammit . 2016 - page 39 57 ( continued ) 57 57a 57b 57c 58 59 brad' status - Blue revision - Sept 26 , 2016 - page 40 57 continued : melanie what 's the big deal ? brad ( sigh ; full of dread ) I 'il call you later . Melanie realize he 's hang up . ext . Brad ext . Brad ext . Brad ext . Brad int . Brad Brad harvard university - day 57a exit the campus , deep in think . cambridge - harvard lampoon build - day 57b walk through Cambridge . cambridge - near charle river - day 57c cross toward the Charles River . charle river - day 58 sit on a bench , watch student rower in boat pass . narrator Brad think about the last time he have see Craig Fisher . manhattan diner - day 59 and Craig have lunch in a crowded diner . narrator they have both be in New York City for different reason - and decide to meet up . Brad have just start he non-profit - and be full of enthusiasm . animatedly pitch Craig . narrator he have hope Craig might want to get involved in some way . offer up he famous friend . ( more ) ( continued ) 59 60 61 62 63 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 41 continued : 59 narrator ( cont would ) even donate money . but Craig never take the bait . Craig listen politely - take a bite of he sandwich . int . brad 's house - office - day 60 Brad sit at he computer and feverishly type a e-mail . narrator later , back in Sacramento , he decide to be more direct . he send Craig a e-mail , ask he to come onto Brad 's board of director . he write passionately about the worthiness of the cause , he deep respect for Craig and how much it would mean to he , personally . Brad read over he e-mail , pleased . int . brad 's house - dine room - night 61 Brad , Melanie and a Young Troy ( six ) eat dinner . Brad check he blackberry - nothing . narrator Brad never hear back . int . brad 's house - live room - night 62 Brad , sit alone , watch ... ... Craig be interview - on a cable news show . narrator in fact , he never hear from Craig again . Brad grimace and change the channel . ext . charle river - day 63 sitting on the bench , Brad stare at he phone , consider what to do . brad fuck it . ( continued ) 63 64 65 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 42 continued : 63 he place the call to Craig . he hear ... woman' voice welcome to Verizon wireless . you call can not be complete as dial . please check the number and try again . Brad hang up , annoyed . int . executive suite - day 64 a executive assistant in a handsomely - appoint office suite answer the phone . executive assistant Jason hatfield 's office . ext . charle river - day 65 Brad rise and pace near the river . brad hi. Brad sloan call for he . intercut phone call executive assistant Jason 's not available right now . can I take a message ? brad it 's kind of time - sensitive . can you just tell he Brad sloan be call ? executive assistant I would , but he 's on a plane . brad oh. I see . I be try to get a phone number - I be a old friend of he from college - and I be look for a phone number of another friend of ours ...? executive assistant do Jason have you number ? brad I think so , but maybe ... ( continued ) 65 66 67 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 43 continued : 65 executive assistant I ' 11 let he know you call . brad okay , but , maybe could ... hello ? he realize she 's hang up . annoy , Brad wrack he brain . ext . maui beach - dawn 66 billy werstler walk the beach with he dog . he answer he phone . billy Brad ?! ext . JOHN week bridge - day 67 Brad pace along the pedestrian footbridge . brad yo ! what 's up ?! billy ! how 's it go ? billy dude ! I be good ! it 's like six am here . brad ah , shit . do I call too early ? billy Nah , man - I be already on the beach - take my dog for a piss . brad great , cool , well , how 's life ? billy life 's fuck good , dude ! it 's excellent ! brad you be like retire . amazing ! billy I know ! brad in maui! ( continued ) 67 brad' status - pink revision - Sept. continued : billy I know ! brad you be like live the dream ! billy pretty much ! although I be not really retire . I put some money into this beach bar here - and then it just blow up . now , it 's get franchise all over Hawaii . and it 's even come to the mainland . so that 's keep I busy . brad wow , great . billy and I be also involved in this polynesian cultural society which be really cool - try to get the islander more involved in local politics ... brad good for you , man . billy and I have get this two beautiful wahine who live with I . and they be fuck gorgeous and cool . they make this amazing necklace make from shell and shit - I be help they open a store . ( laugh ) we surf and fuck then surf - it 's awesome . brad wait - so you have two girlfriend - that live with you ? billy it 's pretty fluid . we be make it up as we go along . you know . anyway , what 's up with you ? brad oh , I be in Boston right now with my son , Troy - we be look at college . yeah . he 's probably gonna go to Harvard . ( continued ) 29 , 2016 - page 44 67 + eh * 67 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , continued : billy yeah ? sweet . brad yeah . he 's a smart kid . the real deal . anyway , hey , do you happen to have Craig 's number ? I want to ask he something and I guess he change it ... billy yeah , I can text it to you . I just see he in LA at Nick 's wedding . brad wait - Nick get marry ? to who ? billy to xavier . brad I think they be marry . billy no , they just live together . they finally get marry in July . brad oh . billy I think I have see you there for sure . Craig be there . Jason and all he Aryan spawn be there . it be actually cool . beautiful ceremony . brad yeah ? I do not know about it . billy it be real small . somebody mention you . I forget who . brad ( stung ) uh-huh . billy wonder where you be . or what happen to you . who be it ? 2016 - page 45 67 ( continued ) 67 68 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 46 continued : brad oh. hunh . well , I be just do my thing . billy dude , it 's good to hear you voice . my dog just take a shit though and I gotta pick it up . brad okay . good to talk to you , billy . text I that number , would ya ? billy yup . I / x11 send it right now . come to the island sometime , brother . later ! brad bye . brand hang up . he look gut - punch . he sit for a moment , stewing . his phone buzy . he look down - it 's a text from billy with Craig 's Brad stare at the number and frown . he press the number , call . the phone ring once , then go to voice mail . automate voice please leave a message . brad ( into phone ; stammer ) hey , Craig - it 's , uh , Brad sloan . ummmm ... I be at Harvard with my son . he 's ummm ... if you could - if you have the time , uhhh , could you call I back ? it 's kind of on the urgent side . thanks . Brad hang up and sigh . ext . harvard campus - day Brad wander across from the campus , in a funk . number . 68 ( continued ) 68 69 70 71 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 47 continued : 68 narrator Brad feel numb . the fact that he have not be invite to Nick pascale 's wedding seem to confirm every doubt he ever have - about he friendship , himself and he place in the world . Brad stop in he track . int . nick pascale 's house - day 69 a small wedding party . Nick and xavier be congratulate by Craig and Diane , then Jason hatfield and he family . narrator Brad keep picture the wedding party in he mind . everyone there , enjoy themselves . bask in each other 's glow . ext . nick pascale 's house - day 70 we watch Nick and xavier exit the house and greet people on the expansive lawn . they be approach by billy and he two tan girlfriend . narrator Brad wonder if he have be exclude or simply forget and could not decide which be worse . everyone continue hugging each other and enjoy the day . ext . harvard campus - day 71 Brad shake he head , grimace . narrator whatever . he be a non-presence . a blip . a zero . a no - name . for a moment , he wish he be dead . two harvard girl pass by he , laugh about something . this snap he out of it . he watch they pass , then look over ... ..- under a tree , there be a homeless woman , talk to herself . she look miserable . ( continued ) 71 72 73 brad' status - Blue revision - Sept 26 , 2016 - page 48 continued : 71 Brad take she in - he compassion visible on he face . narrator Brad feel a sudden kinship with everything that be ever unlove . close on Brad as he spot about other sad creature . - a miserable teen girl , look lonely , pass ; a asian lady , struggle with a heavy grocery bag ; a old man , alone on a bench , feed pigeon . he then look at the headstone of a old graveyard . narrator the abandon , the forget , the despise - that who never find love . never , ever , ever . int . brad 's parent 's house - office - day 72 Brad 's dad , look old and frail , search for something in he de . narrator Brad think about he father and how he book have be reject by every single publisher . how lonely he be . how little affirmation he receive - even from Brad . ext . harvard campus - day 73 Brad be now emotional as he wander back toward the campus . narrator how cruel be this world . how unfair . the prejudice of human who shower they attention on the already popular - and ignore that who need it the most . Brad wipe he tear , just as ... .+.a chipper Troy appear . troy hey , dad . ( see he face ) what 's wrong ? ( continued ) 73 74 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 49 continued : 73 brad ( compose himself ) nothing . what happen to the tour ? troy it 's over . brad already ? troy I have be go a hour and a half . brad really ? oh. troy wanna get something to eat ? Brad nod and they head off . ext . cambridge STREET - day 74 Brad and Troy walk a busy street . brad what about here ? Brad point to a mexican restaurant that be completely empty - save for a older woman , work the counter . troy there 's no one in there , dad . what about that place ? Troy point across the street , where there 's a festive lunch place and a crowd be dining , al fresco . brad just because no one 's in here do not mean it 's not good , Troy . troy usually it do , actually . brad no , it do not . why do not we go somewhere that really need we business instead of some trendy popular place where we have have to wait to get a table ? ( continued ) 74 75 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 50 74 continued : troy I do not really feel like mexican , but okay . Troy follow Brad inside the restaurant . int . mexican restaurant - day 75 two plate of unappetizing food be set down on the table . Troy frown at the sight . Brad look up at the old latina and smile brightly . brad muchisimas gracias ! old latina ( lackluster ) De nada . the Old latina walk off . brad so I may have a connection at Harvard - and I make a call . but I do not want you to get you hope up . troy it 's not that big a deal . brad I just wish I could help you here . Brad shake he head , glum . troy I have interview everywhere else . and I can do a alumnus interview for Harvard . it 's fine . ( look at brad ) something wrong , dad ? you seem a little off . brad no , it 's just ... nothing ... it 's stupid ... troy what ? ( continued ) 75 76 brad' status - pink revision - Sept. 29 , 2016 - page 51 continued : 75 brad ah , just some ... I do not know ... some old friend get together and ... ( struggle ; softly ) ...did not invite I ... ' cause I be not , you know , at they , whatever ... they be ... it 's just random ... troy what ? you be kinda mumble . brad ( shrug ) I would not have even want to go if I would be invite , but - it 's just kinda , I dunno ... lame . Troy give he dad a consol look . troy I be sorry . Brad shrug it off , force a grin . troy they sound like dick . Brad let out a wry laugh , brighten . suddenly , Brad 's phone buzy . he take it out and answer . brad hello ? heeey , Craig ! Brad give Troy a hopeful look , point to phone . brad how 's it go , man ?! what ? no , nobody die . int . SOUND stage - day 76 Craig stand in the wing of a news studio set . we can see a camera crew and news anchors in the b.g. craig you sound weird on the message and you say it be urgent so I ... intercut phone call ( continued ) brad' status - pink revision - Sept. 29 , 2016 - page 52 continued : 76 brad no , no . sorry , do not mean to ... I be just up here in Cambridge with my son , look at Harvard - and he be suppose to get a interview at the admission office . and someone mess up over there . yeah ! Brad notice Troy scrutinize he every word . brad hold on a sec - I be in a restaurant - just gonna step out . Brad rise and exit . Troy watch he go . ext . cambridge STREET - moment later 77 Brad pace on the street . brad I know you teach a class up here or something . I think maybe you could help I out ... craig sure , Brad . no problem . I can call over there after I finish this taping . brad really ? that would be so amazing . thank you ! Harvard be Troy 's first choice - I mean , obviously ... craig you know , I be actually fly up there tomorrow . you guy still gonna be around ? brad tomorrow ? yeah , we be here . we leave Thursday . craig maybe we can grab a bite to eat . ( continued ) brad' status - pink revision - Sept. 29 , 2016 - page 52a 77 continued : 77 brad that 's no be great ! cool , listen , one last thing - Troy 's a musician - like a true prodigy - I be not say that just ' cause he 's my kid . anyway , there 's a professor here he have really love to meet with . oh , shit . 78 79 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 53 int . mexican restaurant - moment later 78 Brad run into the restaurant , frantic . brad ( cupping phone ) what 's the name of that music professor ?! troy what ?! brad the music professor ! the one you like ! c’mon , c'mon ! troy Jerome backaly ? brad ( into phone ) Jerome backaly . yeah . that would be terrific , Craig . man , I owe you . fantastic ! yeah , dinner tomorrow . yep ! talk soon ! hey - have a good , uh , taping ! Brad hang up , feel a mixture of emotion . troy what 's go on ? dad ? brad I be on it , okay ? I be on it . Brad give Troy a confident , cryptic look . Troy roll he eye and return to he burrito . int . campus book store - day 79 Troy stroll the aisle , look at various book on music . nearby , Brad pull a book off a display table . on book - '' political beast by craig fisher '' . Brad read a little of the book - contempt all over he face . he turn over the book ... ( continued ) brad' status - pink revision - Sept. 29 , 2016 - page 54 79 continued : 79 on the back - a photo of Craig , arm fold , with a take - I - seriously expression . Brad stick out he tongue , nauseate . suddenly , Brad 's phone buzy . he take it from he pocket . brad ( into phone ) Craig ! hey ! guess what ? I be ina book store right now , look at you book ! the new one , yeah . it 's get a big display here ! ( eye widen ) yeah ?! seriously ? man , you be the best ! I do not even know how to thank you ! but in he excitement , Brad drop the book onto the table . brad I can not wait to tell Troy ! 80 int . campus book store - moment later 80 a excited Brad approach Troy . brad guess who you get a meeting with tomorrow morning ! troy who ? brad Jerome backaly . troy shut up ! brad and after - you have get a interview - with the Dean of admission himself ! troy no way ! ( continued ) 80 81 brad' status - pink revision - Sept. 29 , 2016 - page 55 80 continued : brad Way ! troy now , I be nervous ! brad come on ! troy shit ! wait , but tomorrow I have tuft . brad fuck tuft ! troy right , right . brad we will go in the afternoon . troy dad ! brad what ? troy you be the King ! brad ( grin ) I get you , pal . they high - five , both in great spirit . int . campus book store - moment later Brad approach Troy with a Harvard sweatshirt . narrator come through for he son make Brad giddy . what if this meeting really do help Troy get into Harvard ? Troy shake he head , but then take the sweatshirt with a sheepish smile . 81 82 83 84 brad' status - Blue revision - Sept 26 , 2016 - page 56 int . brad 's house - day 82 a euphoric Troy race into the room . troy I get in ! I get in ! at the table , Brad and Melanie leap to they foot , exulting . narrator and what if , look back , this be the fateful moment that start Troy onto a path of unimaginable glory . ext . magazine stand in SACRAMENTO - day 83 Melanie and Brad pull a wired magazine off the shelf . the cover be a picture of troy with the headline - '' wunderkind start a musical revolution '' . narrator he picture Troy as a adult , happy and wealthy , even famous . Brad and Melanie hold each other as they stare at the cover . int . HOTEL restaurant - day 84 Troy , well - dress and confident , sit across from Melanie and Brad . Troy have a beautiful girlfriend by he side . troy dad , Mom , I love you so much . all my success be because of you . Melanie and Brad react , touch . troy guess what ? I buy a island ! as Troy start to show they photo on he phone , we hear ... narrator he picture Troy 's triumph eclipsing that of Brad 's contemporary . how gratify that would be . 85 86 87 brad' status - pink revision - Sept. 29 , 2016 - page 57 ext . campus book store - day 85 Brad and Troy have exite the store with they purchase . Troy try on the sweatshirt for he dad . Brad 's expression seem to change as Troy model he new Harvard sweatshirt . narrator suddenly , Brad be strike with a pang of anxiety . Troy take the sweatshirt off again - embarrassed . narrator what if Troy lord he success over Brad - or hoard it away ? int . brad 's house - night 86 Brad and Melanie watch ... on tv - Troy be be interview by jimmy kimmel . narrator what if , in the end , Troy 's win make Brad feel even more the loser ? in he chair , Brad be feel a mixture of emotion . melanie do he call you back yet ? Brad shake he head . Melanie frown . narrator what if they become estrange , alienate by they diverge fortune ? int . brad 's office - day 87 a stung Brad take down the frame wired magazine cover of Troy from the wall above he desk . narrator what if Brad end up envious of he own son ? Brad drop the framed portrait into a storage box . 88 89 90 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 58 ext . cambridge STREET - day 88 Brad and Troy walk across a busy intersection . Brad 's expression have turn grim . narrator the think horrify he . at the corner , they pass a young busker , sing and strumm he guitar . Brad pause for a moment . narrator but , then again , musician do not really make money . Brad look over at Troy - who have also stop to listen , enjoy the music . narrator maybe even with a expensive education , Brad could wind up a struggle artist . ext . cambridge STREET - day 89 now , it be Troy busk on a Cambridge street , play music on he keyboard for the passer - by . narrator maybe Troy will take after Melanie - perfectly satisfied with practically nothing . a pedestrian drop a dollar into Troy 's upturn hat . Troy smile , appreciative . ext . cambridge STREET - dusk 90 Troy , look like a white - trash thug , and a few dirtbag friend smoke a joint and drink beer on the corner . narrator or worse , end up like Brad - bitter and restless and full of regret . maybe even blame Brad for all of life 's disappointment . ( continued ) 90 91 92 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 59 continued : 90 troy ( to another guy ) my dad 's a fuck loser , too ... Troy take a swig , then toss he beer can into the street . ext . cambridge STREET - day 91 Brad and Troy listen to the busker finish he song . the song end . Brad and Troy and a few other clap . Troy drop a five into the busker 's hat . int . HOTEL room - dusk 92 Brad and Troy change clothes for dinner . brad if you be just gonna be a musician , do you even need to go to college ? troy hunh ? brad it 's a fair question . troy just a musician ? brad I be just say - do you need a Harvard diploma to play music ina band ? be not that what you want to do ? troy I do not know what I want to do , dad . brad well , you need to start think about it - ' cause this be not cheap , Troy . you be assume a lot if you think I can pay for all this without take out loan - and you take out loan - and try to get scholarship - and financial aid ... ( continued ) 92 93 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 60 continued : 92 troy what the fuck just happen ? brad ( soften ) I be just think out loud , okay ? troy I do not expect you to pay for everything . ( beat ) be you not gonna be able to pay for everything ? brad we will see . look , I do not want you to worry about that - yet . troy clearly . brad hey , it might not be a big issue . maybe one of you grandparent will die . Troy react , disturb . int . HOTEL lobby - night 93 as Brad and Troy step off the elevator , they see ... .+.a beautiful young indian -american woman , ananya , ( 21 ) stand in the lobby . troy hey ! ananya hey , Troy . she approach and they hug . troy this be my dad , Brad . ananya hey , dad Brad . I be ananya . ananya and Brad shake hand . ( continued ) brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 61 continued : 93 brad so you guy be friend at country Day ? troy not really . well , ananya be a senior and I be a freshman ... ananya ( protest ) we be friend . troy you be nice to I . ananya we be in orchestra together . troy ananya 's a amazing musician . brad and now you go to Harvard ? ananya ( nod ) I be a junior . brad be you like it ? ananya iam . it get cold , but yeah , I love my class . great people . yeah , no complaint ! troy be it a lot of work ? ( off she emphatic nod ) listen , if you have a lot of work to do , you do not have to go to dinner with we . please ... ananya no , no , no . I turn in a paper this afternoon . I be do for the night . and I be glad to see face from home ! I get a reservation at a place around the corner . should we go ? ananya lead they toward the door . brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 62 94 int . hipster restaurant - night 94 Brad and Troy sit across from ananya . ananya that 's cool you get a meeting with Jerome backaly . how have you manage that ? troy my dad 's friend with a professor here . ananya oh , yeah ? who ? brad his name 's Craig Fisher . ananya grimace , then recover . brad what ? ananya what ? brad you make a face . ananya I do ? brad you definitely make a face . you can say whatever you want . we be not close or anything . we be friend a long time ago . ananya well , I just take he class last year - he 's kind of the worst . ( smile ; self -conscious ) should I have not say that ? brad no. say it . why ? ananya he 's just condescending . and I do not know - he 's pretty sexist . ( more ) ( continued ) 94 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 63 94 continued : ananya ( cont would ) he 's just get this air of someone who think they know everything because they be on tv and ... they have contact at the White House . brad so how do you really feel ? ananya the way he see politics - it 's all a game . who 's up . who 's down . it 's do not inspire I . honestly - by the end of he class , I want to quit my major . brad be not you a music major ? ananya ( shake she head ) government . I love music , but I want to get into public policy . troy my dad majore in government . brad Communications and government . this be at tuft . actually , Craig and I be in all the same class . ananya really ? be he like ... a cocky prick then , too ? brad ( smile ) not as bad , I do not think . ananya so what do you do now ? brad I have a non-profit I start a few year ago . ananya really ? awesome . ( continued ) 94 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 64 94 continued : brad we help other non-profits use social media to get the word out about what they do - help they find member and donor and ... ananya like crowd sourcing or ...? brad some of that . we be consultant , basically . it sound boring ... ananya it do not sound boring . it sound amazing . brad ( pleased ) well , thanks . ananya I be actually write my thesis on ngo 's - maybe I could talk to you at some point ... brad of course . whatever you need . ananya thanks . I once tell my dad my dream job be to work at Amnesty International - he be like devastate . he want to disown me.t ( to troy ) you be lucky you dad 's so cool . troy ( nod ) I be lucky . brad tell we about you thesis ... ananya really ? it 's not fully form but I want to write about the history of white missionary woman - you know , the wife ? - and how they come to India and Sri Lanka to '' convert the heathen '' but laid the ground work for social reform ... ( continued ) 94 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 65 continued : 94 as ananya talk , Brad soak she up . ananya 's voice fade as we hear : narrator as she speak , Brad become increasingly smitten . ananya seem to embody all the quality he still love about humanity . here be someone who be young , but wise . engage , aware - but still idealistic . she almost give Brad hope for the future of the species . moment later they food have come . ananya talk and eat . ananya it 's basically about cultural identity as it relate to woman 's rights and how one of the sad legacy of colonialism ... Brad continue to listen , mesmerize . narrator he feel a long -dormant stir . he want to possess she - she energy , she passion , she beauty . at moment , this long to absorb she become almost unbearable . Brad look pain by he train of think . suddenly , another student , a asian - american , maya , appear at the table . narrator then she friend , Maya , show up . ananya introduce she to they . Troy and Brad shake she hand . ananya you guy , this be my friend Maya . I tell she to stop by . I hope that 's okay . brad ( enthusiastic ) of course ! please sit down . Maya ? maya yeah ! thanks . how 's it go ? ( continued ) brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 66 continued : 94 brad you go to Harvard , too ? Maya nod and join they at the table . ananya Maya play the violin . brad and what do you play ? ananya I play the flute . she mimic play the flute . Brad react , impressed . moment later Brad , ananya and Maya enjoy wine and dessert . Troy sip a Coke . maya I just do not feel like it 's my job to be the ambassador to all this chinese student . I mean , of course I want to help they assimilate , but I do not even speak mandarin . what the fuck ? Brad listen with a dumb grin freeze to he face . narrator she be just as beautiful , just as compelling . Brad 's expression transform into visible distress . across the table , ananya and Maya laugh about something . narrator Brad suddenly feel a kind of grief - for all the woman he would never get to love and all the life he would never get to live . Brad catch a glimpse of himself in a reflection . he appear old . narrator Brad never feel so old . why do time compromise everything ? be age a hard truth or a defect of perception ? ( continued ) 94 940 a 94b 95 brad' status - Blue revision - Sept 26 , 2016 - page 67 continued : 94 the girl laugh even harder . Troy laugh , too . Brad try to join in , force he laughter . ext . GREEN pasture - day 940 a Brad , ananya and Maya run , laugh and happy through a green park full of tree and green . narrator could not life be constantly renew ? could not we be forever reborn in each new fleeting moment ? int . hipster restaurant - continuous 94b ananya and Maya raise they glass . a smile Brad toast they with he glass of wine . the mood be festive . ext . cambridge STREET - night 95 Brad , Troy , ananya and Maya have exite the restaurant and congregate on the street . ananya thank you so much for dinner ! maya yes , thank you ! brad hey - thanks for take the time . I know Troy appreciate it . troy yeah , it be cool . ananya we be meeting a few people at the druid for drink , if you guy wanna come . brad ( intrigue ) oh , yeah ? where 's that ? ( continued ) brad' status - Blue revision - Sept 26 , 2016 - page 67a 95 continued : 95 maya ( point ) just across the street . brad ( off troy 's look ) Troy have this big meeting in the morning . he need he sleep so ... ananya not even for one drink ? ( continued ) brad' status - Blue revision - Sept 26 , 2016 - page 68 95 continued : 95 Brad look to Troy . troy I be not twenty - one - I do not think I could get in even . ananya oh , yeah , shit . that 's right . brad but you guy have fun , all right ? ananya oh , and we will see you tomorrow night at the concert . brad you will ? troy not you , dad . my dad have a dinner with he friend . but I 'il be there . brad oh , yeah . Craig Fisher . ananya fake retch at the mention of Craig 's name . ananya have fun with that . okay , well , bye ! maya bye ! Nice to meet you ! ananya and Maya head across the street , giggle . Brad watch they go with a look of long . Brad and Troy walk back to they hotel . troy seem like you want to go . brad no , no , no . just be polite . 95a int . HOTEL lobby - night 95 a Troy and Brad pass a doorman . ( continued ) brad' status - Blue revision - Sept 26 , 2016 - page 68a 95a continued : 95a doorman good night . brad good night . 96 int . HOTEL room - night 96 Troy be fast asleep in he bed . ( continued ) 96 97 98 brad' status - Blue revision - Sept 26 , 2016 - page 69 continued : 96 Brad , in the other bed , be still in he clothes , on he laptop . he look over at Troy . brad ( softly ) Troy ? you awake ? Troy ? no response . Brad put down the laptop and rise . int . HOTEL lobby - moment later 97 Brad step off the elevator and cross toward the exit . he stand in the lobby , have second thought . he shake they off and head out , pass the same doorman . int . the druid - night 98 ananya , Maya and a few other student be drink at a booth . the bar be crowded . Brad watch they , from the bar , look awkward . he turn and call out to the bartender . brad I think I be just gonna close out my tab ! bartender just the whiskey ? eight dollar . Brad take out he wallet and pull out a ten . he drop the bill on the bar and turn , startle to see ... ..- ananya have approach . she give he a cheery smile . ananya hey ! you make it ! brad hey - I be have a little insomnia so I just get a whiskey ! ananya we be over in the corner ! come join we ! ( continued ) 98 brad' status - pink revision - Sept. 29 , 2016 - page 70 98 continued : brad ah , nah , that 's okay ! you guy be have fun ! I just could not sleep ! ananya oh , come on ! we be not have fun - we be organize a protest ! brad be you really ?! ananya kind of ! to protect need - blind admission ! brad oh , yeah ? a protest ?! ananya look a little buzze . she put she arm around he . ananya everyone at that table be a future do - gooder ! like you ! brad yeah ? that 's cool . I be really impressed by you . ananya yeah ? brad yeah - it 's cool to meet someone you age who 's so aware of what 's go on - but you be also hopeful - and you value seem to be in the right place and ... ananya well , thank you . brad it remind I of when I be you age and go to school and ... ananya so what 's you advice to I ? brad my advice ? ( continued ) + fh fh HH ff * * 98 brad' status - pink revision - Sept. 29 , continued : ananya yeah ! if you could go back in time and give yourself advice - what would you say ? brad seriously ? honestly ?! 2016 - page 70a 98 ( continued ) + eh brad' status - pink revision - Sept. 29 , 2016 - page 71 continued : 98 ananya yes , honestly . I have love to know . brad honestly ? I have say , forget non - profit , Brad . and just go make a lot of money ! he sorta laugh . ananya look quizzical . ananya shut up ! be you serious ?! brad yes , I be serious ! if you want to make a impact in this world - and have respect - go be Bill Gates ! go make a lot of money - then do good stuff with it ! ananya ( grimace ) that 's what you would say ? brad look , I go to a dinner party - and I tell people what I do - and for about three minute , they act like they admire I and they be interested - and then after three minute , I be invisible ! they do not admire I - and worse , they think I be gonna ask they for a donation ! and sometimes I do ! ananya 's eye narrow . he can tell he 's lose she . brad what ? do I sound jade ? just know I start out as idealistic as you or any of you friend ! believe I ! Close on ananya , listen , with a attitude . then on Brad , talk a mile - a-minute , gesticulate . ( continued ) * 98 99 100 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 72 continued : 98 Brad 's voice fade under the voice of the narrator . narrator Brad could tell he have lose ananya - lose she respect - and he desperately want it back . he think if he could summarize the trajectory of he life - she would understand he - maybe even respect he - as someone who have lose the good fight - but have fight it nonetheless . int . the druid - later 99 Brad and ananya be now seat at the bar with new drink . Brad continue talk . ananya just listen , a blank expression on she face . narrator he tell she about he career mistake - he year in journalism just as the newspaper business be fold . his attempt to start a digital muckrake magazine in San Francisco but how no one want to read long - form piece anymore - and how he have win a few prestigious prize , which he rattle off - but he magazine still have go bust . as Brad spew , ananya take a big gulp from she drink . int . the druid - night 100 ananya and Brad sit at the booth with she friend . as Maya and the other student laugh and chat , Brad continue to monologue he life story for ananya . narrator he talk about Craig Fisher and he other college friend and how they have sell out and get rich and how they do not even invite he to they milestone event anymore even though he have be the heart and soul of they group . Brad may have fail in they eye , but at least he still have he integrity and could sleep at night . ( continued ) 101 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 73 continued : 100 ananya just listen - but we sense she be judge he . int . the druid - later 101 the bar have almost emptied . Maya and the other student be go . Brad and ananya be the only one leave at they booth . Brad have not stop talk . narrator and even though he consulting non - profit have be struggle lately - he still feel he have do some real good with it . brad maybe if I be more in the field - and really meeting more of the people that we be help - but I just feel kind of disconnect ... on ananya - she be silent , but there 's visible contempt in she eye . narrator ananya just listen , say nothing , take he in . finally , Brad become so self - conscious , he could not stand it anymore . Brad , suddenly embarrassed , blurt ... brad what be that look ? ananya what ? brad what be you think ? please tell I . ananya I be think ... you be lucky . you be fifty year old and you still think the world be make for you . brad I be forty - seven . ( continued ) 101 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , continued : ananya it 's like you be mad because you do not like you position in the ruling class . most people do not even have a position . most people can not even get in the door to see what 's inside . do you even know poor people ? brad of course . ananya when I visit my mother 's family in Delhi , a lot of people there live on two dollar a day . brad right , I get that ... ananya they do not complain about be ignore at dinner party . they be happy they get dinner . brad right - but I be not compete with that people . you compete with the people who be you marker in life . ananya why be you compete at all ? brad it 's the way this world be . ananya from my point of view - you compete with you friend from college ? that competition be the history of colonialism , okay ? and the oppression of woman - and the fuck up of the environment ... brad look , do not go there , okay ? ananya stop compete already . the future of the world depend on it ... 2016 - page 74 101 ( continued ) 101 102 103 brad' status - Blue revision - Sept 26 , 2016 - page 75 continued : 101 brad ( talk over she ) I be not the problem , all right ? I work for a non-profit for fuck 's sake . ananya sound like you just kinda back into it ' cause nothing else work out . Brad be momentarily silent , stung . brad that 's not nice . ananya ( soften ) sorry . it 's just - from where I sit , it kinda sound like white privilege , male privilege , first - class problem . brad maybe I seem like a cliche to you - but this be my life , you know ? ananya ( nod ) just do not ask I to feel bad for you . you be do fine . trust I . I promise you . you have enough . I be go to use the rest room . she rise and walk off . Brad take out he wallet . ext . cambridge STREET - night 102 ananya walk across the street and disappear into the darkness . a forlorn Brad stand on the corner , watch she go . int . HOTEL room - night 103 Brad , now in he underwear , quietly crawl into bed . moonlight illuminate the room . Troy be still asleep in the other bed . he do not stir . ( continued ) brad' status - Blue revision - Sept 26 , 2016 - page 75a 103 continued : 103 Brad lie in bed and stare up at the balcony door . a draft * of wind push the curtain and create a whistling noise . * ( continued ) 103 104 brad' status - Blue revision - Sept 26 , 2016 - page 76 continued : 103 narrator Brad know he have blow it . he could have get the validation he need from this girl , but have go about it the wrong way . he be too honest , too open . nobody want that . that be never attractive . the story of he life . Brad roll over in bed . he see ... ..- ananya , lie in the next bed , smile , warmly at he . ananya you be amazing . they share a warm smile . she wave he toward she . suddenly , Maya appear , pop up on the other side of he . maya totally . Maya lean in and kiss Brad on the lip . alone in bed , Brad 's eye be close - he kiss the air , fantasize . int . HOTEL room - morning 104 close on brad - even though he be asleep , there be a yearn expression on he face . Troy , in a towel , stand over he . troy dad ! dad ! Brad rouse - rub he eye . troy we gotta go . I have my meeting . brad ugh . I be hang -over . troy why ? you only have one glass of wine . Brad say nothing . Troy head into the bathroom . 105 106 107 108 109 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 77 ext . harvard bridge - morning 105 Brad and Troy cross the Harvard Bridge toward Cambridge . ext . harvard quad - morning 106 Brad wait on a bench for Troy to get out of he meeting . Brad be deep in think . narrator the next morning , Brad turn on ananya . he keep replaying in he mind thing she have say . int . druid - flashback 107 ananya , at the booth ... ananya sound like you just kinda back into it ' cause nothing else work out . ext . harvard quad - day 108 Brad grimace at the memory . narrator youth can be so arrogant and unforgive . he doubted she would ever live up to she own lofty ideal . int . private plane - day 109 close on ananya , smile with satisfaction . narrator he could identify a strain of superiority in she . he bet if she circumstance be different , she would be sing another tune . we pull back to reveal ananya on a private plane with Jason hatfield . Maya be here , too . they all hold flute of champagne and toast each other . ( continued ) brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 78 continued : 109 narrator one taste of luxury - and how quickly she might forget the suffer of the mass . they guzzle down they champagne , toss they flute to the floor and laugh . ext . harvard quad - day 110 Brad shake he head at the think . narrator Brad realize he be just try to make himself feel better . int . restaurant - flashback 111 ananya , talk at dinner , full of passion . narrator ananya have a good heart - she seem wise . Brad smile at she from across the table . narrator she remind he a lot of Melanie . Melanie have replace ananya . she talk animatedly , look radiant . ext . harvard quad - day 112 this latest think cause Brad to snap out of he reverie . brad Melanie . shit . Brad take out he phone and call Melanie . brad ( into phone ) hey , hon . trip 's go great . Troy be meeting with one of the music professor here right now and then he 's get a interview with the Dean of admission . so yeah - it all seem to be work out . ( continued ) 113 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , exite a building . Brad spot ... brad anyway , Troy 's here now so call I back later . I have get dinner with Craig Fisher ... ( sarcastic ) -+- sso I be really look forward to that , as you can imagine . Love you , honey . Brad hang up and put away he phone . brad how be it ? troy good . he listen to some of my stuff and I think he like it . brad that 's awesome , Troy ! troy he say he be gonna put in a call to the admission department , too . brad what ?! see ! there you go ! connection and talent . I give you the lay up - you swish it in . Troy nod and smile . ext . harvard campus - moment later Brad and Troy walk along the campus . brad what 's wrong ? troy nothing . brad you seem a little ... you should be pump ! you should be happy ! 2016 - page 79 112 .- Troy and a African - american professor , jerome backaly , Troy and the Professor shake hand . the Professor return inside as Troy head toward he dad . ( continued ) brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 80 113 continued : 113 troy iam . I dunno . he just be not what I expect . but he be fine . brad how be he not what you expect ? troy it be just weird - it 's like he 's one of my heroes , but he be try kinda hard to impress I . he be sorta brag a lot . he be more into the business side of thing , too , than I would have think . he keep tell I way I should monetize my music - weird stuff like that . ( shrug ) I think he have be cooler . brad uh-hunh . they continue walk in silence . then Brad stop . brad you know , do not be so judgmental , Troy . troy hunh ? brad you have be live in a bubble . remember that . do I a favor and do not judge people who live in the real world until you have be out there yourself . okay ? troy you ask I a question . I just say he be not what I expect . brad you say he be not cool . but what 's cool to a seventeen year old hipster who do not pay he own bill be not necessarily cool to the rest of the world . troy okay ! Jesus ! ( continued ) 113 114 brad' status - pink revision - Sept. 29 , 2016 - page 81 continued : 113 brad let 's talk in thirty year - and then you can tell I who 's cool ! troy you be fuck nut , you know that ? I be about to have my interview - do you really need to jump all over I ? brad ( back pedal ) Troy . you be right . I be sorry . I love you . ( beat ) you be the best . you be the best son in the world - you know I think that . and you be gonna kill it in there . Troy let out a little laugh , shake he head . troy dad , can you just leave I alone ? I be gonna go clear my head . I / 11 meet you after . all right ? brad okay . good idea . yeah . as Troy walk toward the admission office . brad proud of you , Troy ! Troy just keep walk and enter the building . Brad stand on the lawn , unsure of what to do . int . admission office - day 114 Brad sit with another father in the wait room . brad be that you daughter ? ( off father 's nod ) she have a interview now ? father yes . ( continued ) 114 brad' status - pink revision - Sept. 29 , 2016 - page continued : brad I hope it go well . ( beat ) my son be meeting with the Dean so he 's be a little on edge . father good luck . Brad 's phone ring . he answer it . brad hello ? int . hospital hallway - day Jason hatfield be on the other end of the line . he pace hall , wear a suit . jason hey , Brad . it 's Jason hatfield . intercut phone call : brad Jason ! hey ! what 's up ? Brad rise and quickly exit the admission office . int . admission office - day Brad have move to the corner of the wait room . jason uh , my office say you call I . brad oh , yeah . oh , right . I be actually just call for Craig 's number , but I get it from billy . jason okay , good . all right , well ... brad I hear you guy all get together in LA . how be that ? jason listen , man , I can not really talk - I get a lot go on right now . 82 114 the ( continued ) 116 brad' status - pink revision - Sept. 29 , 2016 - page 83 continued : 116 brad ( little laugh ) oh , okay . well ... jason look , I do not mean to be rude , but I get all this client look for I . and I be in Minnesota - at the mayo Clinic to get this test result - but if I do not get ona flight to New York by noon , I be gonna miss this deposition I have be prepare for for month ... brad okay . I hear ya . at least you know the plane will wait for you . jason I do not understand . brad do not you have you own jet ? must make it a little easier ... jason jet ? be you be a asshole right now or ...? brad ( throw ) what ? no. I be serious . jason I do not have a jet . what be you talk about ? brad I think ... I swear you tell I once you have a private plane . jason no. brad in San Francisco , when I see you - you say you be just on you ... jason my company lease a plane to get everyone out there , but ... ( continued ) % + h HH hf +e % * brad' status - pink revision - Sept. 29 , 2016 - page 84 116 continued : 116 brad oh , I misunderstand ... jason look , I just find out my daughter have a tethere spine , okay ? she 's fuck three year old . brad ( attitude shifting ) what ? oh , no . man , Jason ! what do that mean ? jason I do not know what it mean - except she have to have major surgery tomorrow morning . she 's so little . Jason sound like he 's about to start cry . brad oh my god . jason it 's kill I ... brad shit . be she okay ? jason I think so . it 's ... I do not know . brad be there anything I can do ? I have work with a lot of child 's hospital with my ... jason we be sit down with the doctor now . I gotta go , Brad . brad ( genuine ) okay , Jason - keep I post . and please give my love to you family . I be really sorry ... the phone go dead . Brad look stricken . 116a int . admission ofice - moment later 116a Troy return from he interview to find ... ( continued ) 116a brad' status - pink revision - Sept. 29 , 2016 - page 85 continued : «+ -a contemplative Brad , sit in the corner . 116a see Troy , Brad rise and give he a heartfelt embrace . he clutches Troy tight - smell he hair . the other parent and student turn . Troy be throw . ext . harvard campus - later Troy and Brad exit the campus toward Harvard Square . troy well , be not you gonna even ask I how it go ? Brad stop and turn . brad right , right . yeah ! how have it go ? troy ( grin ) really good . he say Jerome backaly already call he - and tell he I be talented and to pay attention to my application . be not that awesome ? brad that 's great , Troy ! awesome ! I know you would ! Brad give Troy a big high - five . Troy grin . Brad then hail down a pass taxi . int . taxi - traveling - day Brad and Troy sit in silence in the back of the cab . smile to himself . he look over and notice Brad 's uneasy expression . troy dad ? brad Troy , I do not want to like lay a trip on you but ... ( more ) 118 Troy be ( continued ) brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 86 118 continued : 118 brad ( cont would ) just so you know - if anything bad ever happen - to you - whatever capacity I have leave to feel joy ... Brad be about to choke up . he then shake he head . brad only good thing be gonna happen to you . only good thing . Brad muster a sweet smile . Troy look at he dad , slightly concerned , then turn to the window - he smile soon return . 119 ext . tuft university admission office - day 119 Brad and Troy walk up the stair of the admission Building . 120 int . tuft admission office - continuous 120 Brad and Troy approach the receptionist . brad hey - I be Brad sloan and this be my son , Troy . he have a interview this morning - but we , uh , have to miss it , unfortunately . be there any way he could still sit with somebody ? receptionist ( look at computer ) I be not sure ... brad I be a alumnus , actually . class of '' 90 . receptionist oh ? brad and a donor . Troy cover he face , embarrassed . receptionist i’1l have to check the schedule . i’1l do my best . ( continued ) 120 brad' status - pink revision - Sept. 29 , 2016 - page 87 continued : they step away from the desk . Brad turn to Troy . brad thank you . go jumbos . receptionist meanwhile we next tour be about to leave , if you have like to join ... troy okay , cool . brad hey , Troy - while you be on the tour - I might go visit one of my old professor . troy oh , yeah ? okay . brad he be like my mentor - I tell you about he . troy yeah , yeah . do it . go. brad it seem like you be eager to get rid of I . troy what ? brad ( smile amused ) be you embarrassed of I ? you embarrassed of you dad ? troy ( smile , sheepishly ) me? no. never . brad well , it seem like it . you think I be gonna make a scene or something ? ( off troy 's head shake ) I would never intentionally embarrass you . troy good . thanks . 120 ( continued ) % + eh + HH HH % brad' status - pink revision - Sept. 29 , 2016 - page 87a 120 continued : 120 Brad smile and give Troy a kiss on the forehead , then head * out . as he go , he call out to the admission staff . brad ( point to troy ) you have a legacy here , people ! and a genius ! f.y.i .! Brad give Troy a mischievous wink , then exit the building . Troy flush red , shaking he head . brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 88 121 int . communications and media study - day 121 Brad scan the directory of office by the entrance . he find - '' Professor connor - room 107 '' . Brad head off , down the hall . 122 int . communications and media study hallway - moment later Brad approach room 107 and peer inside . the office seem to be in transition . there be move box on the shelf and on the floor . a female professor - around Brad 's age - be at the desk . she look up from she laptop . brad uh , hi . I be a old student of Professor connor 's . I be hope to see he . be he ...? female professor oh , you just miss he . brad he just leave ? female professor no . I be sorry to say , he die . just a few week ago . brad he do ? his name 's still on the ... directory . female professor I know - we need to change that . I just get in here . brad how do he ... die ? female professor he have a stroke . and he never recover . brad oh . that 's sad . female professor yes . ( continued ) 122 123 124 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 89 continued : 122 brad he be a great teacher . female professor he be a sweet man . brad ( after a beat ) well , have a nice day . female professor thanks . you , too . Brad head out . the Professor return to she work . ext . tuft campus - day 123 Brad wander the campus , lose in think . after a moment , we hear : narrator Brad think about the event of the morning and feel a sudden clarity . how ridiculous it be for he to be jealous - or insecure about he place . Brad watch two student - a young , attractive couple - walk past , hold hand . they be in love . narrator what a waste of energy to resent other people 's few pleasure . Brad watch they go . a middle - aged woman , look harry and stress , be next to approach . narrator how stingy and mean - when everyone struggle . Brad give she a consol smile , as she pass . int . hospital hallway - day 124 a distress Jason hatfield sit in a hallway , wait for news . his wife can be see , talk to a doctor in the b.g. ( continued ) 124 125 126 127 brad' status - Blue revision - Sept 26 , 2016 - page 90 continued : 124 narrator he picture he friend in they private , anxious moment . no one be immune to pain . Jason nervously crack he knuckle . ext . tuft campus - day 125 Brad walk , then stop to look at ... .+.a memorial plaque , commemorate a depart University President . narrator Brad 's thought then turn to death . the great equalizer . Brad study the memorial , closely . int . communications and media study office - day 126 diplomas and degree for '' ROBERT connor '' have be place into various box on the shelf to be take away . in one box , we see a photo of the distinguished , old professor shaking some important person 's hand . narrator his professor go - without a trace - a brilliant man with a unique mind - and at the institution he have give he whole life to - already replace . we see now the female Professor - she type blithely away at she computer . int . brad 's parent 's house - office - day 127 a hospice nurse tend to Brad 's die dad . narrator he imagine the moment he father would die - and what he legacy would vanish . on a nearby couch , Melanie hold Brad 's hand in hers , comforting he . ( continued ) 127 128 129 130 131 132 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 91 continued : 127 narrator no money can keep you alive forever - no status . close on Brad 's dad - he last breath be expire . ext . tuft campus - day 128 Brad , deep in think , sit on the stair outside the admission Office . narrator Brad wonder which friend of he would die first . ext . nick pascale 's house - day 129 the after-party for Nick 's wedding . a gorgeous sunset . we see billy werstler , drink with he two girlfriend . int . nick pascale 's house - day 130 Craig and Diane have a spirite debate in the kitchen . nearby , Jason and he wife corral they kid , prepare to leave . ext . nick pascale 's house - day 131 Nick and he husband share a sweet kiss by the wedding cake . ext . tuft campus - day 132 Brad , look wistful , still sit on the stair . narrator life itself be the pleasure , Brad think . the only real pleasure . Brad look out ... a group of male tuft student be congregate under a tree , teasing each other and laugh . ( continued ) 132 133 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 92 continued : 132 narrator in a important time in they life , Brad and he friend have share this pleasure together - and what a beautiful , profound thing . Brad smile at the sight . he continue to watch they . narrator something feel change in Brad - he feel he would never see thing the same again . Brad look over ... ... the college tour be return . Troy be among the group . he give Brad a half - wave . Brad rise and wave back , smile . then he cell phone buzy . he take out he phone . int . conference CENTER - day 133 Melanie , on she cell phone , have step away from some CO - worker . melanie Brad - hey . I see you call . everything okay ? intercut phone call brad ( into phone ) everything 's great . yeah . it 's great . mel ? melanie yeah ? brad I just ... be not it crazy ? you and I - we make this kid and now he 's this brilliant , amazing person and ... ( choke up ) I wish you be here . melanie awww . so do i. well , honey , we be about to go into the conference . ( more ) ( continued ) 133 134 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 93 continued : 133 melanie ( cont would ) I should probably go . I love you . I ' 11 call you tonight . brad yeah , great . I love you , too . Brad hang up and look back over at ... ... Troy , shaking hand with the tour guide . int . HOTEL room - night 134 Brad and Troy be get dress to go out . troy I like tuft . it 's a good school . I have be happy there . you go there . ( turn to brad ) thanks for bring I here , dad . and , you know , go all out and everything . brad ah , I do not do anything . troy you make all that call . and now you have to go to dinner with a guy you hate . brad I do not hate he . I like he . troy you say he be a jerk and you hate he gut . brad Nah , he 's a good guy . he 's a old friend . I be look forward to see he , actually . Old friend be important . Brad pat a confuse Troy on the back as he pass . brad K. I be head out . see you after you concert ! troy bye ! have fun ! ( continued ) 134 135 136 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 94 continued : 134 Brad exit , leave Troy alone . ext . azalia 's - night 135 Brad enter the crowded , fancy restaurant . int . azalia 's - continuous 136 Brad approach the hostess . brad hi . I believe I have a reservation . it 's for two at seven . the name 's sloan . hostess okay , yeah . you be the first to arrive . would you like to wait at the bar or go ahead to the table ? brad I think - just go to the table . the hostess lead he toward a small table - right by the bar . patron mill around . it 's loud . brad I be sorry , but be there another table ? it 's just really loud right here ... hostess we be fully book tonight . brad well , what about that table ? Brad point to a bigger , empty table in the corner . hostess I be sorry but it 's not available . brad it look available . hostess yeah - it 's not . Brad nod , give up . he sit at the little table . 137 brad' status - Blue revision - Sept 26 , 2016 - page 95 int . azalia 's - moment later 137 Brad be get jostle by bar patron . he look annoyed . he spot Craig ... who enter the restaurant and approach the hostess . she greet he , warmly . the hostess lead Craig over to Brad 's table . craig hey , buddy ! brad ( rise ) hey , man ! Craig and Brad share a bear hug . brad look at you . you look good ! craig ah , I be go gray ! brad not as bad as I ! craig I know - we fail in life ! brad what ? craig we fail to stay young ! hey , grab you beer - we be move table ! brad we be ?! oh , cool ! moment later Brad and Craig have be seat at the quiet table in the corner . the hostess hand Brad a menu . brad so I guess this table be available . hostess ( perfunctory smile ) yes . enjoy you dinner . ( continued ) brad' status - Blue revision - Sept 26 , 2016 - page 95 a 137 continued : 137 the hostess lock eye with Craig , as she hand he a menu . hostess thank you for come tonight . we love have you ! ( continued ) brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 96 137 continued : 137 craig can I get a Jack and Coke ? hostess absolutely ! I / x11 get that for you ! the hostess depart . brad you must be a regular . craig ( shake he head ) never be here before . I hear it 's good though . brad really ? she be act like you guy be best friend . Craig shrug , faux - modestly . brad oh , so she just recognize you . ( off craig 's look ) must be nice . ( beat ; smile ) dude ! how long 's it be ?! craig must be over ten year ! brad yeah ! I be so glad to see you , man ! ( meaningful ) I be really glad to see you . craig I be glad to see you , pal . welcome to Boston . where you stay ? brad we be at the oak Tree execustay . craig ( make a face ) I do not think I have ever hear of anyone stay there . be it nice ? ( continued ) 137 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , continued : the hostess bring Craig 's drink and set it down . brad it 's not bad . listen , thank you so much for get Troy in to see that music professor and the Dean of admission . that 's huge . he have great meeting . craig oh , I be glad . can not believe he 's already look at college . brad I either ! craig well , I guess my girl be , too . they be only twelve and they be all over it . already fill out application . they be so much more on it than we be . brad Troy 's get a great attitude about it all . craig be he medicate ? brad no . craig so how 's Melanie ? brad she 's great . she like she job . she 's always be pretty happy . craig Diane just sell a article to HBO . they be gonna make a series out of it . brad oh. cool. ( beat ) so we go to tuft today . Bob connor die . craig I know , I know . 2016 - page 97 137 ( continued ) 137 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , continued : brad you know ? craig oh , yeah , I speak at he memorial . brad you do ? craig yeah , we have be in touch . he would ask I to come speak at he class a few time about journalism and government ... brad ( slightly stung ) he do , hunh ? that 's flatter . craig I try to get out of stuff like that - but for he . such a great person . brad yeah . he be the close thing I have to a mentor . craig I remember . you be he favorite . at the time . brad I wish I would be there at he memorial . I wish I have know . craig if I would see you at Nick 's wedding , I would have tell you about it - it happen right after ... brad yeah , I do not know about Nick 's thing either . craig you do not miss much . Nick 's get so ... I mean , I love the guy . but the more successful he get , the gayer he get . ( more ) 2016 - page 98 137 ( continued ) brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 99 137 continued : 137 craig ( cont would ) he 's now like a full - on flamer - with hairless dude in banana hammock run around he house , humping each other . brad I see he house in a Architectural digest . craig yeah , it 's like a set for a sci- fi gay porno or something . brad I talk to Jason today . craig yeah ? how 's he ? brad well , he sound stress . his kid be sick . I think she have something wrong with she spine . craig that suck . which one ? he have like four . brad I think I might have offended he . I think he have he own jet for some reason - and I bring it up - maybe I sound glib - I do not know . but he seem annoyed that I accuse he of have he own plane . I feel bad . craig he do have a plane . brad no , he do not . craig yes , he do . brad no . his company maybe lease one . craig yeah , he company . that 's he company . that 's he plane . ( continued ) 137 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 100 continued : brad be you sure ? craig do not you read the piece in the Times ? ( off brad 's blank look ) he 's get sue . he lose a lot of money for a lot of powerful people . he 's run scared . and there be this brutal take - down piece in the Times - actually write by a friend of mine - which put I in a really awkward position . it talk about he lavish lifestyle - the house in the hampton - the private plane . brad oh my god . craig might be why he be a little sensitive . brad oh. I think ... I get it all wrong , I guess . craig Jason 's a pillar of society . he 's a family man . he 's a good dude . and he 's a total crook . Craig laugh . brad really ? craig he 's a thief . and there 's a chance - albeit slight - he go to jail . brad Jesus . wow . craig in he business - you do not want to stay at the table too long . get you money . and then get the fuck out . ' Cause somewhere along the line , you probably do something shady . ( more ) 137 ( continued ) brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 101 137 continued : 137 craig ( cont would ) you do not get rich like that by be a Eagle scout . he should do what billy do . flee . brad right . billy really seem to be live the dream . two girlfriend . craig just do not call he after 5 pm . brad why not ? craig what do you mean ? he 's a drunk . brad he be ? craig yeah - and a ... ( pantomime snort coke ) and a ... Craig pantomime inject he arm with heroin . brad shut up . craig do not be naive . you know that . brad when we talk on the phone , he sound okay . he be like walk he dog early in the morning ... craig he have probably be up all night on a bender . in he defense , he 's get a lot of time on he hand . you pick up vice . brad I be so in the dark . craig that 's what happen when you drop out and move to Sacramento . ( continued ) brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 102 137 continued : 137 brad I move to Sacramento . I do not drop out . craig why do you move to Sacramento ? brad Melanie get a job there . and I can work anywhere right now . craig oh , right - with you little ... thing . that 's a cool thing you be do . brad ( stung ) yeah . thanks . craig good stuff . I be sorry I never get back to you about that . brad it 's all right . craig it just come at a moment when I be get bombard . it 's like every day I get hit up with request . speak engagement , write introduction to someone 's book ... ( point to brad ) .-- ask to be put on board , executive board , non-profit board . there 's just not enough time in the day - sometimes you have gotta just draw the line . as hard as it be - you just have to learn how to say no . yesterday , I get ask to speak at the aspen idea Festival in June . well , that I be go to do . that 's cool , you know ? interesting people , well curate ... brad yeah . listen - Craig - I just want to say - I be proud of you . I really be . ( more ) ( continued ) brad' status - pink revision - Sept. 29 , 2016 - page 103 137 continued : 137 brad ( cont would ) I mean , I know it must be pretty stressful to have so many ball in the air and have so much go on , but from the outside ... craig not that stressful . it 's fun . brad well , I be just happy for you . to be honest , at first , I would see you on tv - and it kind of ... bother I - just because we always have a little competitive thing go . but I be happy with my life - and you be do what you want to do - thing work out the way they should . Craig nod - then furrow he brow . craig I be never competitive with you . Brad take a beat , he eye narrow . brad oh , come on . really ? craig maybe in school for like a second . but I have not think of you in that way for year . brad what be that suppose to mean ? craig it mean ... I dunno . why would I compete with you ? brad oh , shut the fuck up . Craig look at Brad with a perplex grin . craig what ? Brad be suddenly defensive . ( continued ) brad' status - pink revision - Sept. 29 , 2016 - page 104 137 brad I just ... I be try to be real with you . I mean , it 's like ... what be you deal ? craig what do you mean ? suddenly , they be approach by a young male student . male student Excuse I , Mr. Fisher . my name 's Mark - and I be a big fan of yours . I love you book and everything you do ... brad ( interrupt ) like do you know what I do ? I actually help people . and like - I dunno - like why would you treat I like this ? craig treat you like what ? brad what be I to you ? hunh ? male student I be sorry . be I interrupt ? craig no , no , no . male student be it possible to get a picture ? brad my mother die - you never say anything , man . like - you follow I on Facebook . I ... I dunno . I just do not know . ( continued ) + eh % + eh % + eh 137 138 139 brad' status - pink revision - Sept. 29 , 2016 - page 105 continued : 137 craig I be confuse . what 's go on ? brad be you my friend ? you know ? be we even ... what be we ? all the shit-talk . like right now I be feel like ... I just know what I be feel and it 's not ... Brad rise from the table . craig what the fuck ? be you okay ? brad thanks for help my son . but it 's like ... I be just do - with this . whatever this be . Brad take a twenty from he pocket and set it on the table . Brad turn and walk to the exit , in a hurry . Craig and the male Student , mouth agape , watch he go . ext . azalia 's - night 138 Brad exit the restaurant and let out a long exhale . he rub he finger through he hair , shake he head . worst case scenario . then walk off , into the night . ext . harvard bridge - night 139 close on Brad - as he head toward the concert hall . narrator the entire walk , Brad could only think about what Craig 's take - away would be - and what he would tell everyone . eh fh F hhh hhh hf * 140 141 142 143 144 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 106 int . nick pascale 's house - day 140 Craig regales he wife , Diane and a few other guest . craig it be embarrassing . he 's out of he mind . he 's completely lose it . int . nick pascale 's house - day 141 Craig talk to Nick and Nick 's husband . craig he be the golden boy in college - and now I be the one who 's win prize and get recognize . he 's overcome with jealousy . int . nick pascale 's house - day 142 Craig chat with Jason and he wife . craig he 's insane . he 's a pedophile . he look old . Jason and he wife , nod , solemnly . ext . concert hall - night 143 Brad cross the quad to the concert hall . narrator why do he let Craig get to he ? after all this year , why do not Brad have a stronger sense of self ? why could not he sustain a feel about himself ? or even a point of view ? ext . concert hall - night 144 Brad stand at the BOX office , lose in think . narrator why be he always elsewhere , in he head , puffing himself up or tear himself down ? enough . ( continued ) 145 brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 107 continued : 144 ticket seller sir. you ticket . Brad snap out of it . he take he ticket and go . int . concert hall - night 145 a small concert hall , mostly fill . Brad stand at the back , look for Troy . he spot he , sit alone , near the front . moment later Brad appear by Troy 's side . troy ( surprised ) dad ? Brad give Troy a smile and take the seat next to he . troy what about you dinner ? brad I would rather be with you . Troy nod - as the auditorium light go down . the light go up on the stage - a group of about thirty student musician be seat . then , ananya , with she flute , and Maya , with she violin , walk onto the stage . brad that be the girl from last night . troy I know . the musician begin to play dvorak 's '' humoresque '' . the music be beautiful , soothing , smooth . on brad - as he listen , lose in think . Brad look over at ... Troy , sit still beside he , enjoy the music . ( continued ) brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page 108 continued : 145 Brad take Troy in with a proud , melancholy smile . he then turn he attention to the stage . on stage - ananya , on she flute , and Maya , on she violin , be play they duet . on brad - as he listen , he look increasingly stunne . brad ( loud whisper ) they be so good . troy shh. dad. Brad sit back in he seat , take it in , really listen . narrator the music be beautiful , Brad think . the concert continue . ananya and Maya be extraordinarily talented . narrator this girl be beautiful . on brad - he be visibly move . narrator he could love they and never possess they . the entire orchestra join in - the music be gorgeous . narrator just like he could love the world and never possess it . a dam of emotion burst . Brad be now cry in he seat . narrator he still do love the world . deep , cathartic tear . Troy look over and see that he father be cry . troy dad ? ( continued ) 146 147 brad' status - pink revision - Sept. 29 , 2016 - page 109 continued : 145 Brad try to get a handle on he emotion . he wipe he eye and smile reassuringly to Troy . brad I be okay . Brad look back toward the orchestra . he begin to become emotional again . later the very last moment of the performance . the musician finish . it 's over . the audience begin to politely clap . Brad just sit there , spend . he start to clap , too . in deep appreciation . we hold on Brad and Troy clap for a moment . ext . harvard bridge - night 146 Brad and Troy walk in silence back to they hotel . we hear the noise of the pass car . int . HOTEL room - night 147 Brad be emotionally spend . he sit on the bed , still in he dinner clothes , exhaust . Troy be check out the mini - bar . ( continued ) brad' status - white version - Sept 13 , 2016 - page continued : troy you want some chip ? Brad shake he head . Troy watch he for a second . troy ananya say you meet up with she last night . Brad look up , sharply . brad yeah , I could not sleep . it be just a drink . troy ( nod ) dad . be you have some kind of nervous breakdown or something ? Brad look at Troy and let out a amused exhale . brad no. ( beat ) it 's just ... sometimes I have doubt . I worry that people look at I - and think of I as a failure . ( shrug ) but the feel pass . Brad give Troy a strain smile . 110 147 Troy open a bag of chip and sit down beside Brad on the bed . troy when we be walk around today and you be embarrassing I - I keep think - if I go to this school , everyone here be gonna remember this . i’1l never be able to live this down . ( little laugh ) but they will not remember . they be just think about themselves , you know ? nobody care . the only person think about you be I . so the only opinion that should matter to you be mine . ( continued ) 148 149 150 brad' status - Blue revision - Sept 26 , 2016 - page 111 continued : 147 Brad turn to Troy . brad yeah . and what 's you opinion ? troy ( matter-of - fact ) I love you . Brad 's eye instantly fill with emotion . Brad nod , accept this . brad ( softly ) thank you . Brad look at he son with gratitude . int . HOTEL room - night 148 the light in the room be out . moonlight illuminate the room . Brad , in bed , look over at Troy , sound asleep . Brad then look up at the ceiling . narrator that night , a memory pop into Brad 's head . ext . tuft lawn - dusk 149 Magic hour . we see a group of young male student , from a short distance away , gather on the quad lawn . they be chatting and laughing . narrator he and he friend be back in college . they be on the quad , laugh about something . they be still young - all potential - unform and undefine . we stay on this image for a while . int . HOTEL room - night 150 close on brad - lose in he memory . ( continued ) brad' status - Blue revision - Sept 26 , 2016 - page 112 150 continued : 150 Brad stare at the balcony door . a draft of wind blow the curtain slightly . we hear a faint whistling noise . narrator a sudden rush of feel flood Brad . he lay there a while , let himself really feel the life inside he . he keep say in he mind - I be alive . I be alive . I be still alive . Brad smile to himself roll over on he side , turn away from we - we hear the beginning of dvorak 's '' humoresque '' and we ... fade to black .