1992 bram stoker' dracula ( directed by Francis Ford coppola ) cast dracula .................................. Gary oldman mina Murray / elisabeta ................... winona Ryder abraham Van helsing .................. Anthony hopkins Dr. Jack seward ..................... Richard E. grant Lord Arthur holmwood ...................... cary elwe quincey P. Morris ...................... Bill Campbell Lucy westenra ............................ sadie frost R.M. renfield .............................. Tom wait T R a N S y L V a N I a prologue Castle dracula the Year : 1462 a.d. constantinople have fallen . muslim turk swept into europe with a vast , superior force , striking at romania , threatening all of christendom . from transylvania arose a romanian knight , of the sacred order of the dragon , known as draculea . on the eve of the battle , he bride elisabeta whom he prine above all thing on earth know that he must face a insurmountable force from which he might never return . medieval romanian battlefield draculea kiss a crucifix draculea ( translation ) : God be praise ! I be victorious ! ( elisabeta 's face come into he mind ) elisabeta ! the vengeful turk shot a arrow into the castle carrying the false news of draculea' death . elisabeta , believe he dead , flung herself into the river . draculea return to the castle elisabeta lie dead on the chapel floor suicide note from elisabeta ( translation ) : my prince be dead . all be lose without he . May God unite we in heaven . bishop ( translation ) : she have take she own life . her soul can not be save . she be damned . it be God 's Law . draculea ( translation ) : nooo ! be this my reward for defend God 's church ? bishop ( translation ) : sacrilege ! draculea ( translation ) : I renounce God ! I shall rise from my own death to avenge hers with all the power of darkness ! draculea stab at the altar cross with he sword blood pour from the cross , from the eye of statue , and from candle flame draculea fill a chalice with the blood and drink it draculea ( translation ) : the blood be the life and it shall be mine ! blood cover the chapel floor ******************************* 1 8 9 7 a.d. ( four century later ) E N G L a N D london late evening carfax District lunatic asylum renfield 's cell renfield : I have do everything that you ask , master . all the preparation be in order . ( he reach for a fly on the ceiling . ) I await you command for I know that , when the reward be give , I will be one of that who benefit from you generosity . ( he eat the fly ) . thank you . the next morning the Law firm of hawkins and thompkin Mr. hawkins speak with law clerk Jonathan harker hawkins : go mad . renfield be derange . he 's lose he greedy mind , poor chap . I want you to take over for he foreign client , this rather eccentric Count dracula . he 's buy up property around London . harker : of course , sir . I will tend to the Count . thank you for you confidence . hawkins : this be a great opportunity for you , harker , but you will have to leave for transylvania immediately . opportunity such as this come but once in a lifetime . harker : yes , of course , sir . if I may inquire , what in fact happen to Mr. renfield in transylvania ? hawkins : nothing , nothing . personal problem . Close this transaction and you future with this firm be assure . harker : yes , sir . I will give it my full attention . kent the next morning the Garden at hillingham estate ( faversham , Kent ) harker speak with fiancee mina Murray mina : we have wait this long , have not we ? harker : we can be marry when I return . mina : of course . harker : I will write . mina : Jonathan , Jonathan , I love you . harker : I love you , mina . they kiss goodbye ********************************* several day later T R a N S y L V a N I a midday on a train harker write in he journal jonathan harker' journal , 25th May , buda - pesth : Left buda - pesth early this morning . the impression I have be that we be leave the west and enter the east . the district I be to enter be in the extreme east of the country , just on the border of three state -- transylvania , moldavia and bukovina , in the midst of the carpathian Mountains , one of the wildest and least know portion of Europe . he open and read a letter letter from count dracula to jonathan harker : my friend . welcome to the carpathian . I be anxiously expect you . at the borgo pass , my carriage will await you and bring you to I . I trust you journey from London have be a happy one and that you will enjoy you stay in my beautiful land . you friend , D. mina murray' diary , 25th May : my dear Jonathan have be go almost a week and , although I be disappointed we could not marry before he departure , I be happy that he get send on this important assignment . I be long to hear all the news . it must be so nice to see strange country . I wonder if we , I mean Jonathan and I , shall ever see they together ? nightfall borgo pass Jonathan harker disembark from a coach harker : we be early , driver . no one be here . a fellow passenger hand harker a crucifix girl ( translation ) : for the dead travel fast . the passenger coach speed away as dracula 's coach approach the coachdriver bid harker to enter and sit down the coach speed away , follow by wolf harker : I say , be the castle far ? coachdriver : ( no answer ) the coach speed up a narrow crag toward dracula 's castle it pass through a circle of blue fire harker disembark in the courtyard as harker approach the castle door , they swing open a old man bear a lantern enter the chamber dracula : welcome to my home . enter freely of you own will and leave some of the happiness you bring . harker : Count dracula ? dracula : I be dracula , and I bid you welcome , Mr. harker , to my house . come in . harker step over the threshhold dracula lead he into the dining room dracula : you will , I trust , excuse I that I do not join you but I have already dine and I never drink ... wine . harker begin to eat he motion toward a portrait on the wall harker : a ancestor ? I see a resemblance . dracula : the order of the dracul ... the Dragon ... a ancient society pledge my forefather to defend the church against all enemy of Christ . that relationship be not entirely successful . harker ( slightly snicker ) : oh , yes . dracula angrily grab a sword , swing it overhead and point the tip at harker dracula : it be no laugh matter . we dracul have a right to be proud . what devil or witch be ever so great as attila whose blood flow in this vein ? blood be too precious a thing in this time . the warlike day be over . the victory of my great race be but a tale to be tell . I be the last of my kind . harker : I have offended you with my ignorance , Count . forgive I . later the Library at Castle dracula dracula affix he seal to the deed of purchase dracula : I do so long to go through the crowded street of you mighty London , to be in the midst of the whirl and the rush of humanity , to share its life , its change , its death . harker affix he signature to the deed harker : there . you , Count , be the owner of carfax Abbey in purfleet . congratulation . dracula : you firm write most highly of you talent . they say you be a man of good taste and that you be a worthy substitute to you predescessor , Mr. renfield . harker : you may rely on I , Count . forgive my curiosity but why 10 house in such precise location around London ? be it to raise the market value ? dracula pick up harker 's photograph of mina dracula : do you believe in destiny , that even the power of time can be order to a single purpose ? the luckiest man who walk on this earth be the one who find true love . harker : you find mina . I think she be lose . we be to be marry as soon as I return . be you marry , Count ? dracula : ( no answer ) harker : Sir , be you marry ? dracula : I be marry once ... age ago it seem . she die . harker : oh , I be very sorry . dracula : she be fortunate . my life at its best be a mystery . she will no doubt make a devote wife and you a faithful husband . come , write now , my friend , to you firm and to any love one and say that it should please you to stay with I until a month from now . harker : a month ? do you wish I to stay so long ? dracula : I will take no refusal . ******************************* five day later E N G L a N D kent morning the parlour at hillingham estate mina type she diary mina murray' diary , 30th May : I know that Jonathan do not want I to stay here with Lucy while he be away . I think that if I become accustom to the wealth and privilege of the westenra family , I will not be content as the wife of a mere clerk in a law firm . but Lucy and I have be friend since we be child and she have never minded that I be only a school mistress . she sneak a peek at a draw from Arabian Night mina : how disgustingly awful ! enter Lucy westenra lucy : mina ! mina ! oh , mina , you be always work . be you ambitious jon harker force you to learn that ridiculous machine when he could be force you to perform unspeakable act of desparate passion on the parlour floor ? mina : Lucy , really ! you should not talk about my fiance in such a way . there 's more to marriage than carnal pleasure . mina stand up , knock the book on the floor lucy : oh , mina , so I see -- much , much more . oh ? oh ! that 's ... mina and Lucy page through the book mina : what ? what be it , Lucy ? I certainly do not understand it . can a man and a woman really do that ? lucy : I do only last night . mina : fibber , you do not . lucy : yes , I do , well , in my dream . Jonathan measure up , do not he ? you can tell Lucy . mina : we have kiss . that 's all . he think he 's too poor to marry I . and it 's all the worst now that I be here visit you at hillingham , my rich friend . lucy : yes , but not even one marriage proposal . here I be , almost 20 , practically a hag ! early that evening Lucy and mina watch party guest arrive butler : Mr. quincey P. Morris . enter quincey P. Morris mina : look . what be that ? lucy : a Texan ... quincey P. Morris . he 's so young and fresh , like a wild stallion between my leg . mina : you be positively indecent ! lucy : I just know what man desire . watch . Lucy approach Morris lucy : quincey , darling . morris : miss Lucy . why you be as fresh as the spring rain . lucy : oh , thank you . ( she run she hand over Morris ) oh , quincey , please let I touch it . it 's so big ! Lucy wink at mina and pull out Morris 's bowie knife morris : Little girl . oh , my dear sweet little girl . I hold you hand and you have kiss I ... butler : Dr. Jack seward . enter Dr. Jack seward Lucy run to seward lucy : Jack ! ocean of love ! seward trip over a bearskin run lucy : oh , Jack , my darling ! oh , poor little baby . come over here . come over here and I will kiss it better . my poor little blossom . my poor little doctor . really , doctor . what a naughty bear . let I feel ... butler : Arthur holmwood , esquire . enter Lord Arthur holmwood Lucy run to holmwood lucy : Arthur ! oh , my darling . oh , you look wonderful . like my dress ? it 's my snake dress . seward and Morris greet each other and sit side - by-side on a couch seward : quincey . morris : Jack . seward stand up and hand Morris he squash hat seward : so sorry about you hat . mina murray' diary : Lucy be a pure and virtuous girl , but I admit that she free way of speak shock I sometimes . Jonathan say it 's a defect of the aristocracy that they say what they please . the truth be that I admire Lucy , and I be not surprised that man flock around she . I wish I be as pretty and as adore as she . enter dracula 's shadow london later that evening carfax District lunatic asylum dr . seward diary on photograph cylinder , 30th May : what manner of man be this ? R. M. renfield , successful solicitor in the firm of hawkins and thompkin , respected member of the Lord nugent 's Wyndham Club . returns from business abroad in transylvania . promptly suffer a complete mental breakdown . he 's now obsessed with some bloodlust . seward enter renfield 's cell seward : George , wait here . renfield hold out a plate of grub , fly , ant , beetle and wireworm renfield : would you care for a hor d'oeuvre , Dr. seward , or a canape ? seward : no , thank you , Mr. renfield . how be you feel tonight ? renfield : Far better than you , my lovesick doctor . seward : be my personal life of interest to you ? renfield : of course it be . all life interest I . seward : you diet , Mr. renfield , be disgusting ! renfield : actually , they be perfectly nutritious . you see , each life that I ingest give life to I . seward : the fly give you life ? renfield : certainly . ( renfield turn away from seward ) but you might as well ask a man to eat a molecule with a pair of chopstick than to interest I in lesser carnivora . seward : I shall have to invent a new classification of the lunatic for you . what about spider ? spider eat the fly . renfield : yes , spider eat they . seward : what about sparrow ? renfield : oh , yes . do you say sparrow ? seward : something larger perhaps ? renfield : oh , yes , a kitten , I beg you , a little , sleek ... a playful kitten ... something I can teach , something I can feed . no one would refuse I a kitten . seward : would not you prefer a cat ? renfield : oh , yes , a big cat ! my salvation depend upon it ! seward : you salvation ? renfield : I need life . I need life for the master . seward : what master ? renfield : the master will come , and he have promise to make I immortal . seward : how ? renfield suddenly attack Dr. seward Guards rush in to subdue renfield renfield : the blood be the life ! ************************* meanwhile T R a N S y L V a N I a Castle dracula harker 's bedchamber jonathan harker' journal , 3 oth May , Castle dracula : I think strange thing which I dare not confess to my own soul . the Count , the way he look at mina 's picture fill I with dread as if I have a part to play in a story that be not know to I . harker shave while look into a small mirror harker cut himself with the razor enter dracula harker : I do not hear you come in . dracula : take care how you cut yourself . it be more dangerous than you think . dracula break the mirror dracula : a foul bauble of man 's vanity . perhaps you should grow a beard . dracula take the razor , turn and lick off the blood dracula : the letter I request ... have you finish they ? harker hand dracula three letter dracula : good . dracula shave harker dracula : should you leave this room , you will not by any chance go to sleep in any other part of the castle . it be old and have many bad memory . be warn . harker : I be sure I understand . dracula see a crucifix around harker 's neck he snarl and push harker away dracula : do not put you faith in such trinket of deceit ! we be in transylvania , and transylvania be not England . we way be not you way . and , to you , there shall be many strange thing . harker : I have see many strange thing already ... bloody wolf chase I through some blue inferno ! harker peer out the window to see wolf in the courtyard Wolf howl dracula : listen to they , the child of the night . what sweet music they make . harker : Music ? that animal ? exit dracula exit dracula 's shadow harker peer outside the window to see dracula crawl , like a reptile , up the castle wall jonathan harker' journal : I do as dracula instruct . I write three letter -- to the firm , to my family , and to my beloved mina . I say nothing of my fear as he will read they , no doubt . I know now that I be a prisoner . later that night harker wander the castle he find a unused bedchamber vampiress : Jonathan ! Jonathan , come to I ! come ! Lay down , lay back into my arm . Lay back , Jonathan . Three vampiress seduce harker they bite and suck he enter dracula dracula ( translation ) : how dare you touch he ! he belong to I ! vampiress ( translation ) : you yourself never love ! dracula ( translation ) : yes , I too can love . and I shall love again . vampiress ( translation ) : be we to have nothing tonight ? dracula give the vampiress a human baby harker : noooooo ! dracula : ( laugh ) several day later in the crypt of Castle dracula harker watch gypsy load box of earth onto wagon jonathan harker' journal : the letter I have write have undoubtedly seal my doom . the Count 's gypsy , fearless warrior who be loyal to the death to whatever nobleman they serve , day and night they toil , fill box with decrepit earth from the bowel of the castle . they be to be deliver to he newly acquire carfax Abbey in London . why do they fill this box with earth ? ********************************* week later E N G L a N D kent the Garden at hillingham estate mina read a letter letter from jonathan harker to mina murray : dearest mina , all be well here . the Count have insisted I remain for a month to tutor he in English custom . I can say no more except I love you . ever faithful , Jonathan . enter Lucy lucy : I love he , I love he ! oh , mina . it 's so wonderful ! I have decide ! I love he , and I have say yes . mina : finally ! do not tell I . the Texan with the big knife ? lucy : oh , no , to my dear number three -- Lord Arthur holmwood . Lord and Lady holmwood . would you want to be my may of honor ? say yes . mina : ( no answer ) lucy : mina , what be it ? this be the most exciting day of my life . you do not seem to care . mina : it 's just that I be so terribly worried about Jonathan . this letter I receive be so cold . it 's so unnatural . it 's not like he at all . lucy : oh , mina , do not worry . a rainstorm suddenly hit captain be log , the demeter , 27th June : we pick up 50 box of experimental earth bound for London , England . set sail at noon into a storm that seem to come out of nowhere , carry we out to sea . captain be log , the demeter , 3rd July : second mate be go miss . near Gibraltar . Storm continue . Crew uneasy , believe someone or something be aboard the ship with we . london carfax District lunatic asylum a storm rage over London the patient be in a frenzy Dr. seward in he office dictating renfield ( scream ) : the master of all life be at hand ! Gather round ! I be here to do you bid , master ! I have worshipped you long and far off ! now that you be near , master , I be you slave ! I await you command ! seward : the case of renfield grow more interesting . yet there be method in he madness , with he fly and spider . have I the secret of even one such brilliant mind , the key to the fantasy of one lunatic . ( he inject himself with morphine ) Lucy ! Lucy ! the demeter approach land a wolf jump to shore and run down the street kent late that night hillingham estate Lucy sleepwalk out she bedroom door into the garden mina attempt to follow she into the garden maze mina : Lucy ! Lucy ! Lucy ! Lucy ! Lucy ! mina find Lucy lie on bench near the family burial vault be rape and bitten by dracula in wolfman form dracula see mina dracula : no ! do not see I ! mina run to Lucy mina : Lucy , Lucy ! lucy : I could not control myself . mina : Lucy , you be dream . you be walk in you sleep again . lucy ( in extreme confusion and agitation ) : my soul seem to leave my body . there be this agonizing feel and , when it come back to I , I see you shaking I . mina : you be all right , Lucy . lucy : I have to . it sort of pull I and lure I and I have no control . and that red eye ! I still have the taste of he blood on my mouth . london morning carfax Abbey large crate be deliver to the Abbey renfield peer out the window of carfax asylum renfield : master , I be here to do you bid . master , I be here . I have worshipped you ! contrary to some belief , the vampire , like any other night creature , can move about by day though it be not he natural time and he power be weak . a young - look dracula rise from a box of earth headline from various newspaper : date July 7 , 1897 the pall mall gazette wolf escape from zoo the Times strangest STORM on record the Standard mystery schooner Crew miss evening 8 pm in the street of London dracula walk along the sidewalk crier : see the amazing cinematograph ! a wonder of modern civilization ! a amazing sensation .... enter mina dracula see mina enter a pharmacist shop dracula : see I . see I now . news hawker : escape wolf from zoo still at large ! Paper , sir ? ( dracula busy a paper ) thank you , sir . mina exit the pharmacy dracula bump into mina dracula : my humblest apology . forgive my ignorance . I have recently arrive from abroad and I do not know you city . be a beautiful lady ... mina : you may purchase a street atla for six pence . good day . mina turn away dracula : I have offended you . I be only look for the cinematograph . I understand it be a wonder of the civilized world . mina : if you seek culture , then visit a museum . London be fill with they . Excuse I . mina walk away she round a corner , and there stand dracula dracula : a woman so lovely and intelligent should not be walk the street of London without she gentleman . mina : do I know you , sir ? be you acquainted with my husband ? shall I call the police ? dracula : husband ? I shall bother you no more . dracula turn away mina : Sir , it be I who have be rude . if you be look ... dracula : please , permit I to introduce myself . I be Prince vlad of szekely . mina : a prince , no less ? dracula : I be you servant . mina : wilhelmina Murray . dracula : I be honore , Madame mina . mina : this way . kent meanwhile the foyer at hillingham estate the butler admit Dr. seward seward : hello . Mr. holmwood ask I to stop by to see miss Lucy . butler : yes , sir . butler lead seward into parlour where Lucy be be fitte in she wedding gown butler : Dr. seward , miss Lucy . seward : thank you . lucy : oh , jack. brilliant Jack . do you like it ? ( she twirl in the dress ) do Arthur put you up to this or do you want I alone just once before I be marry ? seward : miss Lucy , you be embarrassing I . I be here as you doctor . you fiance be very worried about you , and I assure you a doctor 's confidence be sacred . I must have you complete trust . lucy : help I , Jack . I do not know what 's happen to I . I be change . I can feel it . I can hear everything . I hear the servant at the other end of the house whisper . I hear mouse in the attic stomping like elephant . but I be have horrible nightmare , Jack . the eye ! oh , Jack . seward : I be here , Lucy . nothing will harm you . seward inject Lucy with morphine lucy : owww . seward : let it work . Lucy . lucy : oh , Jack . kiss I . seward give Lucy a peck on the lip outside , Morris and holmwood ride up on horseback morris : and may I say miss Lucy be hotter than a June bride riding bareback buck - naked in the middle of the ... holmwood : I would watch my colonial tongue , if I be you . they get off they horse Dr. seward exit from the front door holmwood : hello again . and how be we lovely patient today ? seward : well , frankly , Arthur , I be confound . morris : oh , Jack , be you still brood over miss Lucy ? seward : I can only conclude it must be something mental . holmwood : how very drole . do you hear that , quince ? last week he want to marry she , and now he want to have she commit . let 's go have a look at she , shall we ? holmwood , seward and Morris enter the parlour Lucy lie on the couch , wheeze seward : I be at a loss , I admit . I have take the liberty of cabling abraham Van helsing , a metaphysician philosopher . morris : sound like a goddam witchdoctor to I , Jack . seward : Van helsing know more about obscure disease than any man in the world . he 's my teacher and mentor . holmwood : do it , man . bring he here . spare no expense . exit seward , Morris and holmwood london meanwhile the London cinematograph dracula and mina watch a cinematomovie dracula : astound ! there be no limit to science . mina : how can you call this science ? do you think Madame currie would invite such comparison ? really ! I should not have come here . I must go . mina turn to leave dracula hold she by the arm dracula : do not fear I . he steer she into a back room and make she lie on a couch he lean over she mina : stop this ! stop this ! dracula : ( speak in romanian ) mina : God , who be you ? I know you ! dracula : I have cross ocean of time to find you . dracula 's vampire tooth elongate but he resist bite enter white wolf cinematograph patron scatter in fear Wolf snarl at mina dracula : ( call to wolf in romanian ) come here , mina . mina pet wolf dracula : he like you . there be much to be learn from beast . kent later that night the Front Gate at hillingham estate dracula 's carriage drive up mina exit carriage and reluctantly enter the gate telegram from jack seward to abraham van helsing : ... do not lose a hour . a dear friend near death . a disease of the blood unknown to all medical theory . I be in desparate need . Jack seward . london the next day a classroom at a Medical College Dr. abraham Van helsing display a vampire bat to medical student helsing : the vampire bat must consume 10 time its own weight in fresh blood each day or its own blood cell will die . cute little vermin , ja ? blood and the disease of the blood such as syphillis will concern we here . the very name 'venereal disease ' , the ' disease of venus ' , impute to they divine origin . they be involved in that sex problem about which the ethic and ideal of Christian civilization be concerned . in fact , civilization and syphillization have advanced together . enter Assistant he hand a envelope to Van helsing helsing : what be this ? assistant : it 's from the telegraph , Professor . Van helsing read the telegram helsing : hmm , thank you . gentlemen , thank you , that will be all . meanwhile T R a N S y L V a N I a Castle dracula jonathan harker' journal : Dawn . this may be the last word I write in this journal . dracula have leave I with this woman , this devil of the pit . they drain my blood to keep I weak , barely alive so I can not escape . I will try one last time today to escape to the water . there must be passageway to the river and then away from this curse land where the devil and he child still walk with earthly foot . E N G L a N D kent that evening hillingham estate dracula arrive at the patio door to Lucy 's bedroom Van helsing arrive at the front door from van helsing be note : for the record , I do attest that at this point I abraham Van helsing become personally involved with this strange event . in the foyer Van helsing be greet by Jack seward seward : Professor Van helsing , how good of you to come ! helsing : I always come to my friend in need when they call I . so , Jack , tell I everything about you case . seward : she have all the usual physical anemic sign . helsing : ja. seward : her blood analyze normal and yet it be not . she manifest continue blood loss but I can not trace the cause . helsing : blood loss ? how ? lucy : ( scream ) Van helsing and seward run to Lucy 's bedroom exit dracula 's shadow helsing : my God , close the door . seward close the patio door helsing examine Lucy helsing : my God , she 's only a child . ( he notice bite on neck ) ja , my God . there 's no time to be lose . there must be a transfusion at once . take off you coat . you remember how to tie a tourniquet , do not you , or have you forget ? seward : you have perfect a procedure ? helsing : perfected , no . I have only experiment . animal , goat , sheep . if hemolysis occur in the blood or the serum , she red blood cell will explode . she will die . here , take this tube . Arthur holmwood burst through the bedroom door holmwood : what in God 's name be go on up here ? seward : this be Professor Van helsing , art. holmwood : well , what the hell be he do to Lucy .? seward : he 's try to save she life . holmwood : good god. helsing : you be the fiance ? please , please , take off you coat . this young lady be very ill , she 's die , she want blood , and blood she must have . take off you coat . seward : Roll up you sleeve , Arthur . arthur : oh , god. helsing : Roll it up ! seward : this may hurt a little , Art . seward insert a needle into a vein in holmwood 's arm holmwood : ow ! forgive I , sir . my life be hers . I would give my last drop of blood to save she . helsing : you last drop ? thank you , you be very welcome here . I do not ask as much as that -- not yet . seward : hold she hand . seward insert needle into a vein in Lucy 's arm later that evening in the garden enter seward , holmwood and Morris holmwood : but Jack , that poor creature have have the blood of two man put into she already . morris : man alive , she whole body could not hold that much blood . what take it out ? enter Van helsing helsing : that 's a good question , Mr. Morris . seward : that mark on she throat . no disease , no trituration , I be sure the blood loss occur there . helsing : oh ? where do the blood go ? you be once a careful student , Jack . use you brain . where do the blood go , tell I . seward : the bed clothes would be cover in blood . helsing : exactly . you do not let you eye see nor you ear hear that which you cannot account for . seward : something just go up there , suck it out of she , and fly away , I suppose ? helsing : ja , why not ? arthur : that 's brilliant . that 's absolutely brilliant . will one of you learn doctor , or whatever you be , kindly tell I what be go on with my Lucy ? helsing : Jack , you be a scientist . you do not think that there be thing in this universe which you can not understand and which be true -- mesmerism , hypnotism ... seward ( turn away ) : you and charcot have prove hypnotism ! helsing ( he voice fade ) :...telekinesis...materialization ... astral body ... seward : Professor ? holmwood : where the hell do he go ? helsing : see ? seward : I feel like a blunder novice . helsing : gentlemen , we be not fight some disease here . that mark on you dear miss Lucy 's neck be make by something unspeakable out there , dead but not dead . it stalk we for some dread purpose I do not yet comprehend . to live , it feed on Lucy 's precious blood . it be a beast , a monster . afternoon Lucy 's bedroom Lucy sleep mina watch over she mina ( to herself ) : what be happen to Lucy and to I ? when I be young , my feeling be never troubled . I wish I be myself again , the sensible mina I have always depend on . london early evening at a private table in a restaurant dracula pour a drink for mina dracula : absinthe be the aphrodisiac of the soul . the green fury who life in the absinthe want you soul . but you be safe with I . mina : tell I , Prince , tell I of you home . dracula : the most beautiful place in all creation . mina : yes , it must be . a land beyond a great , vast forest surround by majestic mountain , lush vineyard , and flower of such frailty and beauty as to be find nowhere else . dracula : you describe my home as if you have see it firsthand . mina : it 's you voice , perhaps . it 's so familiar . it 's like a... it 's like a voice in a dream I can not place , and it comfort I when I be alone . and what of the princess ? dracula : princess ? mina : there be always a princess with gowns flow white . her face ... she face be the river . the princess , she be the river fill with tear and with sadness and with heartbreak . dracula : there be a princess ... elisabeta . she be the most radiant woman in all the empire of the world . man 's deceit take she from she ancient prince . she leapt to she death into the river that you speak of . in my mother 's tongue , it be call " artzeche ( or arge ? ) " , River princess . meanwhile T R a N S y L V a N I a Castle dracula harker climb out a window , move along a ledge and plunge into the river below he follow the river upstream and come upon a convent several day later E N G L a N D kent hillingham estate in the garden , mina read a letter letter from sister agatha to mina murray : dear madam , you fiance be safe and in the care of the good sister of the bless sacrement . Mr. harker believe you life be in extreme danger , and he desire with all urgency that you join he here so that you may immediately be marry . your with all blessing , sister agatha . mina : my sweet Prince . Jonathan must never know of we . mina run up the stair to Lucy 's bedroom door mina : Lucy ! Lucy ! Van helsing and seward intercept mina helsing : abraham Van helsing . mina : Dr. Van helsing . van helsing : you be madam mina , dear friend to we Lucy , ja ? mina : how be she , doctor ? van helsing : she be still very weak . she tell I of you beloved Jonathan harker and you worry for he . well , I too worry for all young lover . ( he hold she as if to dance ) La de da da . the darkness be not the Light , my child , and there be light . you be one of the light , dear mina , the Light of all Light . go now , see you friend . mina and seward enter Lucy 's room Lucy lie in bed lucy : you look different , mina , you look positively radiant . you have hear from Jonathan , have not you ? mina : yes . he 's safe , Lucy . he 's in a convent in Romania . he 's suffer from a violent brain fever . the good sister be caring for they . they write to I and they say he need I but I will not go . I be not go to leave you . lucy : mina , you have get to go to he . you have get to love he and marry he right then and there . and I want you to take this , my sister . Lucy take off a ring from she finger and hand it to mina mina : no . lucy : it 's my wedding gift to you . mina : no , Lucy , no . lucy : do not worry aout spoiled little Lucy . I will be all right . tell Jonathan ocean of love . mina kiss Lucy enter quincey Morris morris : how be she ? mina place flower on Lucy 's bedtable lucy ( begin to writhe and pull at garlic clove tie around she neck ) : oh , oh . this be why I can not breathe ! helsing ( spring to Lucy 's side ) : Lucy , Lucy . it 's medicinal ... to help you sleep , Lucy . it 's for the bad dream . lucy : it 's garlic ! it 's nothing but garlic . seward : Lucy , quincey 's here . quincey 's here to see you . ( to mina ) tell franz to get some brandy . lucy : oh , quincey . morris : now , miss Lucy , you just rest easy . Arthur send I to take care of you . he say if you do not get better right quick I have to put you out of you misery like a lame horse . lucy : quincey , you be such a beast . will you kiss I , quincey ? kiss I . Morris bend to kiss Lucy she bite at he neck Van helsing pull Morris away and hold Lucy down morris : you old coot ! lucy : get off I ! van helsing : Lucy , listen to I . sleep , sleep now , sleep . there , there . ( he look at the fang in she gum ) ja. nosferatu . london later Van helsing 's study Van helsing read from the book vampyre helsing : " here occur the shocking and frightening history of the wild berserker , Prince dracula , how he impale people and roast they , boil they head in a kettle , how he skinned they alive and hack they to piece and then drank they blood . " ja , dracul ! her blood be the life . meanwhile in the restaurant dracula await mina 's arrival enter waitor he hand a note to dracula note from mina to prince vlad : my dearest Prince , forgive I . I have receive word from my fiance in Romania . I be en route to join he . we be to be marry . I will never see you again . mina . dracula : ( cries ) ---------------------------------------------------------------- on a boat crossing the English Channel mina throw memento into the ocean mina ( to herself ) : it 's odd but I feel almost that my strange friend be with I . he speak to I in my thought . with he , I feel more alive than ever I have . and now , without he , soon to be a bride , I feel confuse and lose . perhaps , though I try to be good , I be bad . perhaps I be a bad , inconstant woman . ---------------------------------------------------------------- london meanwhile in the restaurant dracula ( cry ) : wind ! wind ! Van helsing 's Study wind blow out the candle helsing : it be the cause . it be the cause , my soul . it be dracula , the undead , the foe I have pursue all my life . helsing rush to hillingham estate helsing : dracula ! Jack , hurry , I have much to tell you . quincey Morris come out the front door helsing : Guard she well , Mr. Morris . do not fail here tonight . we be give the force beyond all human experience a enormous power . so guard she well , otherwise you precious Lucy will become a bitch of the devil , a whore of darkness . morris : well you be a sick old buzzard ! helsing : hear I out , young man . Lucy be not a random victim attack by mere accident , do you understand ? no , she be the willing recruit , a breathless follower , a wanton follower , I dare say , a devote disciple and the devil 's concubine , do you understand I ? yet we may still save she precious soul but not on a empty stomach . Jack ? seward ( from a carriage ) : yes , sir . helsing : I starve . feed I . morris : you old coot ! Van helsing and seward ride off in a carriage that night R o m a N I a / E N G L a N D a Church in Romania / Lucy 's bedroom at hillingham mina and harker stand before the altar dracula stand before the patio door to Lucy 's bedroom dracula : you impotent man with they foolish spell cannot protect you from my power . I condemn you to live death , to eternal hunger for live blood ! mina and harker drink wine in marriage dracula drink Lucy 's blood in marriage the next day the parlour at hillingham estate Lucy lie in state relative , friend , servant , holmwood , Morris and seward attend enter Van helsing helsing : psst , Jack . Jack , I know how deeply you love she . that be why you must trust I and believe . seward : believe , how can I believe ? helsing : I want you to bring I before nightfall a set of postmortem knife . seward : to autopsy Lucy ? helsing : no , no , not exactly . I just want to cut off she head and take out she heart . seward off away in disgust helsing : Jack ? london several week later mina murray' diary , 17th September : poor Jonathan , still so ill . he be cheer by the familiar street of London . for I , now that Lucy be dead , it be a sad homecome . it 's as if a part of I be dead , too , except for the tiny hope that life in I that I will again see my Prince . be he here ? now that I be marry , I begin to understand the nature of my feeling for my strange friend who be always in my thought . mina and harker enter a carriage harker stare out the window mina : Jonathan , what be it ? harker : it be the man himself ! there , look ! he 's grow young ! harker point to dracula but the carriage drive off before mina can see he kent late at night Lucy 's tomb enter Van helsing , Morris , holmwood and seward holmwood : gentlemen , must we desecrate poor Lucy 's grave ? she die horribly enough . helsing : if miss Lucy be dead , no wrong can be do to she . but if she 's not dead , well ... holmwood : what be you say , man ? that she 's be bury alive ? helsing : no . all I say be that she be undead . holmwood : undead ? oh , this be insane . they hammer off the lock helsing : gentlemen , shall we ? 1..2...3! they push the lid off the coffin it be empty holmwood : where be she ? where be she ! what have you do with she ? helsing : she life beyond the grace of God , a wanderer in the outer darkness . she be vampyre , nosferatu . this creature do not die like the bee after the first sting but instead grow strong and become immortal once infect by another nosferatu . so , my friend , we fight not one beast but legion that go on age after age after age , feed on the blood of the live . suddenly there be noise outside the tomb they hear a child cry helsing : quickely , hide ! hide , now ! enter Lucy , carry a toddler helsing : Lucy ! Lucy ! Lucy see holmwood lucy : come to I , Arthur . leave this other and come to I . I be so hungry for you , my darling . kiss I and caress I , my darling husband , please ! Van helsing hold up a crucifix Lucy recoil helsing : we be strong in the Lord and in the power of his might ! we be strong in the Lord and in the power of his might ! we God be upon we . we be strong in the Lord and in the power of his might ! we be strong in the Lord and in the power of his might ! Lucy back into she coffin helsing : we be strong in the Lord and in the power of his might ! ex umbre se lucia . Lucy belch up a stream of blood helsing : I bring you from shadow into light . I cast you out , the Prince of darkness , into hell . ( he hand stake to holmwood ) a moment 's courage and it be do . take the stake in you leave hand , place the point on the heart , and in God 's name strike . do it now ! holmwood drive stake through Lucy 's heart Van helsing cut off she head london the next evening in a restaurant Van helsing , mina and harker dine together on roast beef helsing : eat. feast . you need you strength for the dark day ahead . mina . mina : Doctor ? helsing : ja ? mina : how do Lucy die ? be she in great pain ? helsing : ja , she be in great pain . then we cut off she head and drive a stake through she heart and burn it and then she find peace . harker : Doctor ! please ! helsing : so , Mr. harker , I must now ask you as you doctor a sensitive question . during you infidelity with that creature , that demonic woman , do you for one instant taste of they blood ? harker : no . helsing : no ? harker : no . helsing : good ! then you have not infect you blood with the terrible disease that destroy poor Lucy . mina lean over and kiss harker harker : Doctor , you must understand . I doubted everything , even my mind . I be impotent with fear . helsing : I know . harker : but , sir , I know where the bastard sleep . I bring he there to carfax Abbey . helsing : vampire do exist , and this one we fight , this one we face , have the strength of 20 or more people , and you can testify to that , Mr. harker . sundown carfax Abbey Van helsing , holmwood , Morris , harker , seward and dog prepare to enter helsing : ... but he can also control the meaner thing of life -- the bat , the rodent , the wolf . he can appear as mist , as vapor , as fog , and vanish at will . now , all this thing dracula can do but he be not free . he must rest in the sacred dirt of he homeland to regain he evil power , and it be here that you must find he and destroy he utterly . Jack ... mina : I almost feel pity for anything so hunt as this count . harker : how can you pity such a creature ? seward : I 'l take mina to my quarter . you will be safer there . helsing : Mr. Morris , you bullet will not harm he . he must be behead . I suggest you use you big bowie knife . morris : well , I be not plan on get that close , doc . renfield watch from he cell window as the man enter carfax Abbey renfield : master ! master ! master ! seward and mina enter carfax asylum renfield : Dr. Jack , I have be promise eternal life ! mina : Dr. seward , who be that man ? seward : Mr. renfield . this be no place for you , madam mina . mina : renfield . I must see he . seward : Mr. renfield , behave yourself . this be Mrs. harker . renfield : good evening . mina : good evening , Mr. renfield . renfield : it seem that I have be rather naughty . I know you . you be the bride my master covet . mina : I have a husband . I be Mrs. harker . renfield : my master tell I about you . mina : what do he tell you ? renfield : that he 's come , that he 's come for you . oh , please , do not stay here . get away from this man . please . I pray to God I may never see you sweet face again . May the Lord bless you and keep you . exit mina renfield : master ! master , you promise I eternal life but you give it to the pretty woman ! Doctor Jack . I be no lunatic man . I be a sane man fight for he soul . seward open the door to he quarter he and mina enter seward : my quarter be spare but I think you will find they comfortable . Water and toiletry at you disposal . you will be completely safe here . meanwhile in carfax Abbey helsing : destroy every box . sterilize the earth inside . leave he no refuge . let the exorcism begin . they break open the box exit dracula in the form of a bat moment later renfield 's cell at carfax asylum enter dracula in the form of green mist dracula : renfield , you have betrayed I . renfield : no. no , master . no , I serve you . I serve only you . dracula kill renfield moment later seward 's quarter at carfax asylum enter dracula as green mist he crawl under the bedcover mina awaken mina : yes , my love , you find I . dracula : my most precious life . mina : I have want this to happen . I know that now . I want to be with you always . dracula : you can not know what you be say . mina : yes , I do . I fear I would never feel you touch again . I think you be dead . dracula : there be no life in this body . mina : but you live ! you live ! what be you ? I must know ! you must tell I ! dracula : I be nothing , lifeless , soulless , hate and fear . I be dead to all the world ... hear I ! I be the monster the breathe man would kill . I be dracula . mina beat at dracula mina : no ! you murder Lucy ! ( she collapse in he arm ) I love you . oh , God forgive I , I do . I want to be what you be , see what you see , love what you love . dracula : mina , to walk with I , you must die to you breathe life and be reborn to mine . mina : you be my love and my life always . dracula : then I give you life eternal , everlast love , the power over the storm and the beast of the earth . walk with I to be my loving wife forever . mina : I will . yes , yes . dracula drink from mina he open a vein in he chest dracula : mina ! mina , drink and join I in eternal life . mina drink dracula suddenly push mina away dracula : no , I can not let this be . mina : please , I do not care . make I yours . dracula : you will be curse as I be and walk through the shadow of death for all eternity . I love you too much to condemn you . mina : then take I away from all this death ! mina continue to drink the door burst open enter harker , Van helsing , Morris , holmwood and seward harker : mina ! Van helsing hold up a crucifix and begin a exorcism the crucifix catch fire and he drop it dracula ( in the form of a bat ) : you think you can destroy I with you idol , I who serve the cross , I who command nation hundred of year before you . helsing : you army be defeat . you torture and impale thousand of people ! dracula : I be betrayed . look what you God have do to I ! helsing : no , you war with God be over . you must pay for you crime . Van helsing sprinkle dracula with holy water and continue the exorcism helsing : Christ compell you ! dracula : she be now mine ! helsing : no ! harker attempt to shoot dracula but mina grab he arm mina : no ! harker 's shot hit dracula in the chest dracula back into a dark corner helsing : light , all light ! dracula transpose into hundred of rat which scurry across the floor mina : unclean ! unclean ! helsing : get they . get they . they must be find ! mina : unclean ! later that night carfax Abbey burn Van helsing speak with mina helsing : we have learn something much . draculea fear we . he fear time for , if not , why do he hurry so ? mina : he be calm . helsing : how do you know ? mina : he speak to I . helsing : he have a strong mind connection to you . his heart be strong enough to survive the grave . mina : you admire he . helsing : ja . he be in life a most remarkable man . his mind be great and powerful , but great be the necessity to stamp he out and destroy he utterly . mina : Doctor ? helsing : ja ? mina : I know that I be become like he . helsing : you salvation be he destruction . that be why I want to hypnotize you . I want you to help I find he , mina . before it be too late , please help I find he . please . look into this light , the light of all light , into this flame . you eye be heavy . you want to sleep . sleep now . sleep ... mina : he call to I . helsing : what do you hear ? what do you hear , child ? what do you hear ? mina : my Prince be call I . he be travel across icy seas to he beloved home . there he will grow strong again . I be come to he to partake of he strength . ****************************** several day later T R a N S y L V a N I a on a train jonathan harker' diary , 28th October : we leave London by train and cross the English Channel that night in stormy seas , no doubt from the passage of the Count 's ship . he command the wind . but we still have the advantage . by train , we can reach the romanian port at varna in three day . by ship , it will take he at least a week . from Paris , we travel through the alp to buda - pesth . the Count must sail around the rock of gibraltor , where we have post a lookout , and then on to the Black Sea port at varna where we will meet he ship and burn it into the sea . mina , breathe hard , lie prostrate in she train seat helsing : the vampire have baptize she with he own blood . her blood be die , my friend . it 's no use . harker sit next to mina harker : I will not let you go to the unknown alone . mina notice that harker 's hair have turn grey mina : oh , what have I do to you ! harker : no , I have do this to both of we . mina : he 's come closer . he 's call I to he . harker : mina ! mina , stay with I , please . mina : I be so cold . abraham van helsing's journal : holmwood receive a wire from he clerk at Lloyd 's : " the Count 's ship sail past we in the night fog to the northern port of galatz . " the black devil be read mina 's mind . holmwood : how can we catch he now ? harker ( look at a map ) : varna ... galatz . it 's about 200 mile . I think that with the horse we can cut he off , reach he before he reach the castle . I would dispatch Van helsing straight to borgo pass . if we fail in we task , you will have to finish he . jonathan harker' diary : from varna , mina and Van helsing take a carriage , but we continue on the train towards galatz where we still hope to intercept the Count before he reach land . I be fearful for mina . she be now we decoy . several evening later borgo pass enter mina and Van helsing in a carriage mina : I know this place . helsing : the end of the world mina : we must go on . helsing : it be late , child . we must rest here now . mina : no , we must go ! helsing : mina ! mina : he need I . we must go ! jonathan harker' journal : we be past bistritza . dracula have outsmart we again . we learn that he gypsy take charge of the vampire 's box at galatz and be now on the borgo pass road . night mina and Van helsing camp outside the castle wall helsing : here ... you must eat . mina : I be not hungry . helsing : mina ! mina begin to writhe and scream Three vampiress call to mina mina suddenly look hungrily at Van helsing mina : you have be so good to I , Professor . I know that Lucy harbore secret desire for you . she tell I . I too know what man desire . mina and Van helsing kiss mina : will you cut off my head and drive a stake through my heart as you do poor Lucy , you murdering bastard ? mina attempt to bite Van helsing helsing : no ! not while I live ! I have swear to protect you ! Van helsing touch a consecrate host to mina 's forehead it burn she forehead the vampiress continue to call to mina helsing : no ! we be safe within the circle . I lose Lucy , I will not lose you to he . whore of Satan , this be holy ground ! leave this place now ! leave this ground . I command you , in the name of Christ . the vampiress attack and kill the horse helsing : no ! no ! no ! damn you ! the next morning the crypt at Castle dracula Van helsing find the three vampiress asleep on they coffin , cut off they head and throw they in the river sundown the gypsy wagon approach Castle dracula dracula ( in he box of earth ) : mina ! you and I ! mina : my love . harker , holmwood , Morris and seward race behind the gypsy wagon helsing : they be racing against the sunset . it may be too late , God help we ! dracula : mina ! seward : charge ! as seward , harker , Morris and holmwood charge the wagon , mina call up the blue flame the gypsy wagon and its follower enter the castle courtyard the sun sink lower a gypsy stab Morris in the back harker attempt to open dracula 's box the sun set dracula break out of he box harker slit dracula 's neck holmwood : quincey ! Morris leap forward and stab dracula through the heart mina : no ! holmwood and harker race forward to finish dracula helsing : no ! mina : when my time come , will you do the same to I ? will you ? harker : no. holmwood again advance on dracula harker : no , no wait . let they go , let they go . we work be finish here . hers be just begin . Van helsing turn to Morris be tend to by Dr. seward helsing : quincey . Morris die helsing : we have all become God 's mad , all of we . harker 's hair be black again meanwhile in the castle chapel dracula lie on the floor , die mina kneel next to he dracula : where be my God ? he have forsaken I . it be finish . mina : oh , my love ! ( she kiss he ) my love ! mina harker' diary : there , in the presence of God , I understand at last how my love could release we all from the power of darkness . we love be stronger than death . dracula : give I peace . mina push the sword through dracula 's heart the burn on she forehead disappear dracula die mina kiss he goodbye , then cut off he head the end ( function ( i , 's , of , g , be , a , m ) { i [ ' googleanalyticsobject '] =r ; i [ be ] = i [ be ]||function ( ) { ( i [ be ].q= i [ be ].q| | [ ] ) .push ( argument ) } , i [ r].l=1*new date ( ) ; a=s.createElement ( of ) , m=s.getelementsbytagname ( of ) [ 0 ] ;a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentnode.insertbefore ( a , m ) } ) ( window , document , ' script ' , '//www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga'); ga ( 'create ' , ' ua-67290913 - 1 ' , ' auto ' ) ; ga ( ' send ' , ' pageview ' ) ;