Rover and juliet by Steven wolfson & jed wallace int . library two large wooden door open into a beautiful library . bound leather book sit in mahogany bookshelve . vault ceiling and ornate furniture suggest this place be make very long ago . the camera slowly approach a table where a finely crafted book lie open . the page read '' chapter one , '' and a colorful illustration show a italian town in the hill . suddenly we hear a little voice call we ... the voice ( 0.s. ) psst ! up here ! we look up and see a adorable little bat , hang upside down in the corner of the library . this be flyer . flyer it 's I , Flyer . unable to contain he excitement , Flyer swoops down and land beside the book . he gesture toward the open page . flyer ( cont would ) here to read the most romantic love story the world have ever know ? ( hopefully ) mind if I read with you ? I love a love story . the camera move in closer to the page 's illustration . ina second or two we be inside the picture . ext . a starry night in verona we approach a delightful little town tuck into a small valley between picturesque mountain . a full moon hang in the cloudless sky . flyer ( v.0 . ) besides ... this story take place in my hometown . verona . as we swoop down closer , the town 's tower and spire rise to meet we . we circle around the cathedral and come in for a closer look . the bell in the tower be ringing . hanging upside down in the window of the belfry be a young version of Flyer . flyer ( v.o ) ( cont would ) I use to hang out in the belfry . he drop out of the window and fly with we down a cobblestone lane line with home as pretty as gingerbread house . light flicker in nearly every window . flyer ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) I be just a young whipper - snapper at the time ... as we approach the piazza where townsfolk happily call out farewell to one another , Flyer bump into a sign hang in front of the Butcher 's store and knock himself silly . flyer ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) +-. work out the kink in my radar ... a moment later Flyer have get himself go again and approach a beautiful villa . a group of bird be sit on the banister of the balcony watch something below . Flyer land between a couple of pretty white dove and try to put he wing around they . flyer ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) «+. this be back in my unpopular day the dove look at one another clearly frighten of Flyer . flyer ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) .--- back when everyone think we bat be scary ! in a flash the dove dart to the other side of the balcony where they clearly feel a lot more comfortable . all the other bird turn they back on Flyer and look down into the street . Flyer have to flap up onto the roof of the balcony to get a view of ... a young man look up to the balcony longingly , where a young woman look sadly toward the moon . this young lover be of course romeo and juliet . romeo but soft ! what light through yonder window break ? it be the east , and juliet be the sun ! flyer ( v.0 . ) wait a second ... juliet oh Romeo , Romeo ! wherefore art thou Romeo ? flyer ( v.0 . ) hey ! " ( whistle loudly ) wait a second , I say ! a gigantic image of the older flyer step into we view of the lover and block it almost completely . flyer ( cont would ) wrong -o ! cease it ! cut ! the camera move back to reveal flyer stand in front of the open book in the library . the picture on the page be now of Romeo and juliet . Flyer take a step or two away from the book much like a trial lawyer about to spring a surprise on a witness . suddenly he turn back to the page and point to the picture accusingly ... flyer ( cont would ) that be not the most romantic love story the world 's ever know ! ( mockingly ) oh no no no no no . Far from it ! the picture on the page of the book become animated again . Flyer look at the young lover almost disdainfully . flyer ( cont would ) I mean , yes , if you be go to be technical about it . the story you be talk about be nice . it have its moment ... on the balcony juliet look deeply into Romeo 's eye . juliet what 's in a name ! that which we call a rise by any other name would smell as sweet . flyer ' course , some of the dialogue 's a little much , if you ask I . now , if you want to see the most romantic story ... you get to look ... ( point to the corner of the picture ) -.. down here ... the camera now begin to re-enter the illustration where Flyer have gesture to . flyer ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) .+. where only I could see it , sit up there on the roof . the camera move slowly down off the balcony , down the side of the building , past the swoon Romeo , across the street , and down a embankment . flyer ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) this story come from a entirely different part of verona ... we view continue move down to beside the river , where a_ handsome golden retriever puppy watch Romeo 's every gesture with admiration . this be rover . flyer ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) and involve different character altogether . two other puppy hang out nearby . benny , a goofy look basset hound , chase he tail in circle , kick up mud everywhere . MERCURY , a brown and black bulldog , exercise rigorously , further sculpting he already fine - tune four - legge physique . flyer ( v.o ) ( cont would ) though this character from time to time may seem a little familiar ... Rover sigh loudly , completely oblivious to he friend 's more canine concern . rover oh , I wish I be in love . benny momentarily stop he twirling and look at Rover . benny Love ? what do you want to be in love for , Rover ? all that sniff each other and stuff . yeech ! rover but benny , then you have somebody , and they have you . MERCURY you have more than that . rover what do you mean ? MERCURY Rover , just think about it , would you ? oh sure , it 's all fun in the beginning . candlelight dinner at the cozy trash can behind the butcher 's . make puppy - dog eye at one another . but then thing change . one thing lead to another . pretty soon you get a litter full of problem to worry about . rover I suppose ... but still , I want to be in love ... benny have resume he tail - chase routine . mercury turn to he clearly annoyed . MERCURY benny , dog go it ! do not you know you be never gonna catch you tail ? benny ( continue to chase he tail ) yes , I be ! yes I be ! I almost ... get it ... and he promptly chase he tail ... right into the river ! a second later he come up for air , panic ... benny ( cont would ) I can not swim ! I can not swim ! mercury , help I ! MERCURY just do not panic ! benny what do I do ? MERCURY paddle ! benny how ? MERCURY Dog paddle . benny seem to get the hang of it . MERCURY ( cont would ) that 's it . a moment later benny pull himself ashore , completely drench . MERCURY ( cont would ) what do I tell you ? but would you listen ? no ! benny but I almost have it that time , I swear . just as benny shake himself off we hear a deep authoritative voice ... voice and just what be you pup up to ? the three young dog turn and discover a pack of street - wise dog who peer down at they sternly . one of the older dog be clearly the leader . this be Rover 's father , big daddy mongrel . Big daddy be drip wet and clearly unamuse . the young dog leap to attention guiltily . benny ( stammer ) N - nothing , Big daddy . W - we be j - just - big daddy mongrel doggin 's it ! you boy be suppose to be off collect scrap . MERCURY I try to tell they , sir , but they would not listen . Big daddy mongrel give Rover a disapprove look . Rover lower he eye ashamed . big daddy mongrel come here , son . Big daddy mongrel put a paw on Rover 's shoulder and look into he eye . big daddy mongrel ( cont have ) you be almost a year old now . do not you think it 's about time you start act like it ? rover I know , I know ... big daddy mongrel you mother and I get hope for you . you think I get to be the top dog roll around in the daisy ? no . you get to work for it . MERCURY he say he want to be in love , Big daddy . big daddy mongrel what ? be that true , Rover ? rover well ... yes . big daddy mongrel you spend too much time play fetch with Romeo . rover there 's nothing wrong with Romeo . he 's nice to I . he bring I biscuit and scratch behind my ear - big daddy mongrel well ! if Romeo be so nice ... Big daddy mongrel stare at he son truly angry now . big daddy mongrel ++. can you tell I why he 's fall in love ... Big daddy mongrel point dramatically up to juliet . big daddy mongrel +.. with a cat owner ! ! rover juliet own cat ? big daddy mongrel where do you think the cat -pulet 's live , boy ? Big daddy mongrel look at Romeo disdainfully . big daddy mongrel ( cont have ) that boy 's probably get cat hair all over he by now . rover ( disillusion ) no ! big daddy mongrel so let I hear no more of Romeo or love . they be dangerous influence . Rover nod sadly . it be like he have lose a hero . big daddy mongrel ( cont have ) now get out there and get we some scrap ! rover yes , Father . the three young dog leave they elder with they tail between they leg . after a moment , Rover take a last look up to the balcony . rover ( cont would ) I do not know juliet own cat . we view now begin to focus on juliet 's window . benny be you kid ? she 's get more cat than I get fleas . rover really ? MERCURY can you believe that ? actually like cat ? int . juliet 's bedroom Inside juliet 's window we see that the young lover sit on a chair cry for Romeo . in she sadness , she reach for a black and white , nearly full - grow kitten . MERCURY ( 0.s. ) they say she even pet they ... juliet put the kitten on she lap . MERCURY ( 0.s. ) ( cont have ) sometimes they even sit on she lap ! rover ( 0.s. ) it 's so ... so ... tragic . juliet look in the kitten 's eye . juliet oh juliet , true friend juliet , what dost thou think I should do ? lady and lord cat - pulet , two immaculately groom long - haire cat , sit on juliet 's vanity table . they be the kitten 's parent . when Lady cat - pulet hear the girl call the kitten '' juliet , '' she shake she head . lady cat -pulet I still can not believe that girl name she pet after herself ! lord cat -pulet you have to remember , the child 's only fourteen . lady cat -pulet I be fourteen , too ! you see I do anything so foolish ? lord cat - pulet no dear ... the human juliet ( hereafter refer to as '' juliet the girl '' ) set the kitten juliet ( hereafter refer to as '' juliet '' ) on she lap . then she take a tissue and look longingly out the window . juliet the girl ( sniffle ) dost thou think Romeo will be true ? below juliet the girl 's chair sit doc , a persian cat with furtive eye and a manner of speak very akin to mae West . when she and the other cat talk near people , they do so under they breath , and it be very clear that human be not aware that the animal be talk . doc oh please ... juliet the girl let she tissue drop to the ground . Doc pick it up and hand it to Lady and Lord cat - pulet on the vanity table . Lord cat - pulet be take the tissue from Doc and write on they with a eye-liner . Lady cat - pulet put paw-print on they use ruby -re lipstick . doc ( cont would ) --- do not she know man be dog ? tyger , a ferocious stripe cat with a menace smile , sit on juliet the girl 's bed . he practice hurl he claw into a picture of a dog like human throw dart at a dart board . tyger you give man a bad name , Doc . only dog be dog . doc maybe baby , but every male of every species have a bit of canine in he . even you , tyger . tyger swat a ball of yarn at Doc , but she dodge it easily . lady cat - pulet stop it you two . we have work to do . lady cat - pulet ( cont would ) juliet , come on . this invitation for the animal ball have to go out tomorrow . juliet whisper discreetly as juliet the girl continue to cry . juliet mother , what be I suppose to do ? lady cat - pulet Act prissy . it 's every cat 's prerogative . juliet I can not do that . juliet need I . doc ( mock ) need you ! until she 's get a date . juliet that 's not true ! juliet 's different ... meanwhile , tybalt , a dash young human in he late teens have come into juliet the girl 's room . he pick tyger up off the bed and throw he into the air ! as tyger screech horribly and struggle to land on he foot , tybalt laugh delightedly . 10 . juliet the girl tybalt ! tybalt oh come now dearest cousin , they be only cat . juliet the girl set juliet down and cross to tyger . juliet the girl they be more than that . they be my friend . she pat tyger on the head . juliet the girl ( cont have ) you all right , little one ? tyger purr happily . juliet turn proudly back to Doc , gesture to juliet the girl . juliet you see how juliet be different ? tybalt well , thoust will never guess what I do find downstairs after the ball . juliet the girl what ? tybalt evidence that montague be there . juliet the girl montague ! tybalt yes , come this way and I will show you . tybalt and juliet the girl leave . tyger head over to the ball of yarn . tyger come on , help I roll this up . juliet no. tyger why not ? juliet I can not stand yarn . tyger how can you be a cat and not like a ball of yarn ? 11 . juliet I do not know . she leap to the window sill and look outside longingly . juliet I like the ball in the sky . what do you call that ? lady cat -pulet it 's the moon . juliet the moon . oh I think it be so beautiful . tyger beautiful ? what 's so beautiful about the moon . next you will be howling like a dog at it . juliet but I think it 's beautiful . I do . she look at the globe lamp post . juliet and the ball of light outside . and the ball that people throw to one another in the park . sometimes I see ball bounce down the street so fast . not like ball of yarn that roll a couple foot and stop . but ball that go faster and faster . sometimes I want to chase that ball . right outside , into the big wide world . Lady and Lord cat - pulet look at one another concerned . Lord cat - pulet clear he throat and give Doc a look that mean something like , '' will you talk some sense into the girl ? '' Doc set down she work and go up to juliet on the window sill . doc juliet , you be not feel ... curious be you ? juliet yes , I be . doc how many time do I have to tell you that curiosity kill - juliet but I do not see why it have to . do not you ever wonder , Doc , what it must be like to live outside ? meanwhile outside ... 12 . Rover , benny and mercury be look for scrap . mercury scan the content of some trash can they have just dumped over much as a construction foreman oversee a project . MERCURY nothin 's here , come on . he immediately head off toward the next alley . as soon as he 's out of sight , benny jump on top of one of the trash can like a western log-roller . Rover take one whiff of the garbage and grimace . a second later he glance up to a window . it be not juliet 's window . rover benny ? benny ( try to balance himself ) yeah ? rover have you ever wonder what it must be like to live ... inside ? the sound of the word '' inside '' literally send benny hurl . he fall face first into a barrel . a moment later he reappear cover in goop . benny Inside ? rover yeah . benny you think you be some kind of poodle , or something ? rover no , no , I just wonder . do not you ever wonder ? inside ... juliet look out the window . juliet I imagine flower and sunshine and leaping in the tree . there have be wide open space and river and lake and you could go swim ! Doc give juliet a look like she have go completely off she rocker . outside ... Rover continue to peer into window longingly . 13 . rover I imagine a fireplace and music and chew a shoe . there have be food serve in bowl and I would wear bell ... anda ribbon in my hair . benny put a paw on Rover 's forehead to make sure he do not have a fever . inside ... juliet lead Doc into the kitchen , where we see pet dish on the floor . tyger tail along behind , look on suspiciously . juliet do not you ever get tired of warm milk and cold tuna and wear this tight collar ? doc but they be diamond studd . you know how I love stud . juliet call I crazy , but in my dream I see myself stand on a tall bridge , take off this horrid collar and throw it into the river ! outside ... Rover turn a corner and direct benny 's attention to a group of sad and lonely dog struggle to survive in the street . mercury look at he two friend with concern . rover do not you ever get tired of dog catcher and cold night and digging in the trash ? benny I love trash ! rover call I crazy , but in my dream I see myself settling down to sleep on a satin pillow beside my master 's bed . inside ... juliet leap to the kitchen window and look out . juliet that 's what the outside would be , a place where I could be I , a place where I could be ... doc what ? 14 . juliet free . outside ... Rover jump a short hedge and peer in the front window of a charming little home . benny be right behind . rover that 's the kind of place that I crave , a place where you do not even have to be brave , a place where for once I would be benny what ? rover safe . a dreamy smile spread across benny 's face as he get catch up in Rover 's fantasy . inside ... Doc have nearly the exact same look on she face , but tyger screech and bring a end to that . tyger it 's not all fun and game out there , you know ? juliet it be not ? tyger there 's lot of stuff you have to do that be not fun . juliet like what ? tyger well ... like scratch yourself for instance . juliet scratch myself ? but whatever for ? tyger because you 's 1ll have fleas ! juliet fleas ! my goodness ! tyger and what 's more ... tyger whisper something in juliet 's ear that surprise she . 15 . juliet really ? tyger really ! juliet but I do not even know what a fire hydrant be ! outside ... mercury snarl at Rover as well . MERCURY do not kid yourself , home sweet home be not all it 's crack up to be . rover it be not ? MERCURY no. rover why not ? MERCURY well , because you have to keep yourself clean . rover clean ? what 's that mean ? MERCURY it mean you have to lick yourself all the time . rover really ? MERCURY and you even have to ... mercury whisper in Rover 's ear . Rover turn to he startle . rover in a box ? MERCURY in_a_box ! inside ... tyger and Doc lead juliet back into the bedroom . 16 . tyger so do not get yourself all excited . it 's a jungle out there , kiddo . outside ... mercury and benny lead Rover back to the trash can . MERCURY so do not go get a bunch of idea . it can be war in there , buster . inside ... as Doc and tyger go back to work on the invitation , juliet look out the window again . juliet still , sometimes I can not help wonder ... outside ... Rover look up to a window again as mercury and benny go back to scroung . rover still , sometimes I can not help wonder ... split screen : inside and outside both Rover and juliet look forlornly toward the different world they seek . juliet what it would be like ... rover what it would be like ... juliet +.. to live outside . rover +.. to live inside . ext . the piazza - morning the colorful town square be teeming with shopper . italian vendor pedal everything from fresh produce to fine clothing . the camera pan down through the crowd until we be almost ground - level in front of a watchmaker 's kiosk . pass by be the leg and foot of busy shopper . suddenly , Rover 's head pop out from under the red curtain that encircle the kiosk . he anxiously look around , make sure not to be see . 17 . MERCURY ( from behind the curtain ) how 's it look , Rover ? Rover look directly across from the watchmaker 's kiosk at the meat stand . a fat butcher be in the process of cut steak and chop for he customer . Rover lick he lip ... rover like dinner ! and then some ! with that , a giant paw pull Rover behind the curtain . int . under the kiosk hiding behind the curtain be benny and mercury . Big daddy mongrel hold Rover by a tuft of hair . big daddy this be a delicate operation , boy . one wrong move could land you in the pound . rover ( cocky ) not to worry , pop ... Big daddy look at he sternly . rover ( gulping ) --. I mean , Big daddy . Big daddy finally put a relieved Rover down . big daddy benny , I need you to cause a distraction . something wild . benny ( still try to catch he own tail ) how do I do that , Big daddy ? big daddy trust I . just be yourself . mercury , you back up Rover while he 's nabbing the goods . MERCURY you can count on I , Big daddy . big daddy good luck , boy . make this old mongrel proud . the three dog head out . Big daddy be clearly worried about 18 . he pup . ext . piazza Rover and mercury make they way towards the meat stand . benny lag behind . benny something wild ... something wild ... benny notice a juggler perform for a group of child . the juggler have several red ball in the air . behind he be a vegetable stand . benny spot a_pile of ripe tomato and suddenly have a idea . ext . meat stand while the Butcher be busy help he customer , Rover and mercury sneak up from behind . benny position himself in the crowd . Rover wait , then give benny the signal . with that , benny begin to bark as loud as he can . the crowd of people turn to look . amazingly , benny climb up on he hind leg and juggle two tomatoes with he front paw . people ooh and aah . even the Butcher watch in amazement . meanwhile , Rover jump up onto the meat counter and begin push steak and chop down to mercury . benny continue to juggle for the ador crowd . in no time at all he be up to twelve tomato ! but when benny go for number thirteen , they all come tumble down on he head . benny be leave cover in tomato juice . the crowd sigh and return to shopping . it be then that the Butcher finally notice what Rover be do . butcher hey , you stinky mongrel ! that be my steak ! the Butcher pick up he meat clever , but just before he can slice Rover in two ... butcher ( cont would ) aaaaaaah !!!! mercury bite he on the leg , give Rover the chance to escape . ext . piazza Rover run through the crowd . when he turn for a split second to see if he 's be chase , the terrify pup ... 19 . slam right into a pair of legs . a bit daze , Rover look up and find ... .-. romeo stare right down at he . romeo alas , ‘tis my favorite stray . Romeo scoops up Rover , who still have a steak hang in he mouth . romeo ( cont would ) thou art a criminal in need of a place to hide . come . we shall find you a fine wine to go with you meal . ext . another section of the piazza mercury and benny , still cover in tomato , make they way home . MERCURY you have to be a hot shot , do not you . like a dog juggling twelve tomato be not enough of a distraction . you just have to go for thirteen ! benny I like to challenge myself . MERCURY believe I , Big daddy be go to do more than that when he find out we blow the caper . ext . wine kiosk Romeo , still hold Rover , look through the many wine . romeo wine seller , bring I you most prize vintage . tonight be a special occasion . the wine seller bow and go in back . Romeo lean down and whisper to Rover , unaware that the dog can understand every word he say . romeo ( cont would ) can you keep a secret , my friend ? I , a Montague , be to marry juliet , a capulet , in secret tonight at the old church . as if on cue , a expensive horse -drawn carriage appear in the piazza . Lord and Lady capulet step out , follow by they evil nephew , tybalt . tybalt spot Romeo and throw he a nasty look . 20 . romeo ( cont would ) perhaps we marriage can finally bring this feud between we family to a end . ext . capulet 's carriage when the capulet be well out of sight , the carriage 's back compartment pop open and out jump tyger . he make sure that the coast be clear , then call for he henchcat . tyger shake ! speare ! shake and speare , two siamese cat who bear a amazing resemblance to the bard , slowly climb out of the carriage . shake to be ... speare or not to be ... tyger where be the party invitation ? shake and speare look at one another and shrug . shake now that be the question . frustrate , tyger whoops they both on the head . he then jump back into the carriage , locate the invitation and throw they down . tyger make sure every animal get one . the henchcat scoop up the invitation and head off into the piazza . shake Friends ...! speare Roman ...! shake country mouse ...! speare lend I you ear ! tyger shake he head in embarrassment . tyger I gotta get I some new henchcat ... just then , tyger spot Rover in Romeo 's arm . the two make eye contact . tyger hiss and throw the nervous puppy a 21 . look as nasty as tybalt 's . he come after Rover , ready to attack . ext . wine seller 's kiosk as tyger approach , Rover jump out of Romeo 's arm and make a run for it . romeo hey ! where 's thou go ? ext . alley Rover run through the piazza and wind up in a dark and scary alley . he come to a dead end , and when he try to turn around , tyger suddenly jump down right in front of he . tyger do not you know stray dog be not allow in the piazza ? rover well , um ... tyger all I would have to do be get the dog catcher 's attention . rover ( try to be brave ) why do not you leave I alone . I be not bother you . tyger you be a dog . you mere existence bother I . tyger move closer , menacingly . tyger ( cont would ) it 's be a long time since I claw anyone . almost a week . tyger raise he razor sharp claw above Rover 's head . MERCURY ( 0.s. ) why do not you pick on somebody you own size . tyger turn to find mercury and benny . tyger two against one . not what you have call a fair fight . mercury push benny to the side with Rover . MERCURY how 's that ? 22 . tyger that 's not fair either . for you , that be ... tyger lunge at mercury . the two animal literally fight like cat and dog , roll all the way back into the piazza . people run and scream to get out of the way . ext . the prince 's royal BOX from he seat high above the piazza , the prince notice the commotion . he signal for he page . the prince what 's go on down there ? page it look like a cat and dog fight , my liege . the prince just what I need . more fight ! notice that the Prince be agitate , a servant race to he side and begin massage he temple . the prince ( cont have ) as if the capulet and the montague be not enough of a headache . send for my royal dog catcher to break it up . page yes , my liege . ( shout ) send for the royal dog catcher ! the command be hear repeat by a series of page until it reach ... int . the dog pound the cage be teeming with stray . the royal dog catcher , a tall and sinister - look fellow dress entirely in black , polish he silver dog catcher 's net . dog catcher ( smiling ) Party time . ext . piazza mercury and tyger be still go at it , knock over everything in they path . with all of he strength , mercury push tyger to the ground and raise he paw in the air . MERCURY say nighty - night , Kitty . 23 . a galloping SOUND be suddenly hear . Rover turn and find the Dog catcher racing toward he on he black horse . rover merc’ , it 's the fuzz ! mercury look up and see the dog catcher 's net about to swoop down on Rover ! he jump off of tyger and push he friend out of the way just in the nick of time . the three dog make a run for it . ext . MAIN entrance to the piazza the puppy race to get out of the piazza . but the Dog catcher be right on they tail , whipping he horse to run faster . benny he 's almost get we ! MERCURY this way ! mercury lead the dog through a narrow passage between two kiosk . but as Rover try to escape , the dog catcher grab he by the tail ! dog catcher ( ala the wick witch ) I have get you my pretty ...! but the Dog catcher 's wrong . mercury and benny , pull Rover from the other side , save they friend . Rover 's tail slip right through the Dog catcher 's hand . dog catcher ( cont would ) nollil ! he watch as the three dog vanish into the street . dog catcher ( cont have ) next time you tail be mine . ext . outside the piazza the dog stop to catch they breath . benny that be too close for comfort . rover you be tell I ! thanks for save my tail , guy . MERCURY anytime . in the gutter , two rat hold one of the cat-Pulet 's party invitation . 24 . first rat what be you go as ? second rat I do not know . I always want to be a hamster . first rat a hamster ? that 's so obvious . MERCURY what be you rat talk about ? first rat we just get invite to the social event of the season . any animal who 's anyone will be there . benny hey , we be animal . ( think ) be not we ? MERCURY lemme see that ... mercury grab the invitation . it read , ' lord and lady cat - pulet cordially invite you to there costume ball . please rsvp . p.s. no dog allowed ! 's MERCURY ( cont would ) well if that do not beat all . the furball be have a ball . and we be not invite . rover no big surprise , see how much they hate we . MERCURY maybe so . but if this shindig be good enough for a bunch of rat ... rat hey ! MERCURY --. well then it 's good enough for a bunch of dog . and I think I know just how to get even with tyger in the process . you boy game ? rover absolutely ! benny just as long as I do not have to juggle . 25 . the night of the cat - pulet 's party - montage animal throughout verona don various costume . ext . verona 's zoo - montage the monkey swipe the sleep zookeeper 's key and let the other exotic animal out of they cage . ext . street - montage a virtual menagerie make its way through the city toward the cat -pulet 's villa . some of the animal be easy to recognize under they costume ( the elephant dress as a kangaroo , for example ) , while other be completely disguise . ext . villa - montage Lord and Lady cat - pulet greet they guest as they arrive at the front gate . when the elephant show up , they have he go around back . ext . chinese firework factory a oriental - look building . a statue of a red dragon hang over its entrance . int . factory dress as three skunk , Rover , mercury , and benny roll firework out of they box and into a brown sack . but when benny go to scratch himself , one of the unlit firework fly into the air . fortunately , Rover catch it just in time . rover careful , benny ! benny sorry . but this costume itches . ( sniff himself ) and it smell bad too . MERCURY you be suppose to smell bad . you be a skunk ! benny oh yeah ... rover ( holding up one of the bottle rocket ) mercury , be you sure this plan be go to work ? MERCURY trust I . by the time we be through , that cat will not know what hit ‘em . 26 . int . juliet 's bedroom Doc , dress as a sexy cheetah , and juliet , dress as a polar bear cub , put some last minute touch on they costume . doc how do I look ? juliet terrific . you be go to knock ‘em dead tonight , doc. doc well , the cheetah be the fastest cat on earth ... juliet Zip I up . Doc help juliet into she costume . it be now impossible to tell that she be a cat . ext . the cat - pulet 's villa the dog , hide entirely under they skunk costume , follow mercury across the street to the party . the cat - pulet , unaware of who they be , greet they at the door . lady cat - pulet my , what clever costume . benny I be smelly and I be darn proud of it ! mercury suddenly notice that benny 's tail be beginning to stick out . he rush to get benny pass the cat-Pulet . MERCURY come on , big mouth . int . villa the entire place be wall to wall with animal . a orchestra make up of penguin play classical music . Flyer , dress as a peacock , dance in mid-air with a eagle . when the dog enter , they make a bee-line for the buffet . benny get a load of this spread ! MERCURY eat up , boy . in a few minute , this party 's go to be history . 27 . meanwhile ... Doc be surround by various animal who want to dance with she . doc please do not fight . I be only one kitty ! juliet smile at she friend 's good fortune . but she smile suddenly turn into a frown when she see she parent and vienna , a snobby viennese bachelor cat , approach . lady cat - pulet juliet , you remember Vienna , do not you ? juliet ( grimace ) of course . Vienna , dress as a unicorn , smile lasciviously . vienna juliet , how purr-fect you look tonight ! Vienna bend down to kiss juliet 's paw but poke she with he horn . juliet scream . vienna I be soooo sorry ! I be not use to be mythological . Vienna laugh at he own lame joke . juliet 's have just about enough of this drip . juliet will you excuse I ? I think I see a monkey I know by the buffet . on the dance floor the orchestra finish its song . the animal applaud . penguin orchestra leader the boy and I be go to take five for a couple of ice cube . Flyer 's dance partner smile and give he a peck on the cheek as she fly off . he sigh and look at he peacock feather . flyer this be the one night each year when nobody 's afraid of I . ( look over at he dance partner ) I sure would not mind another . at the buffet table 28 . the dog be seriously digging in . but as Rover reach across the table , he black , skunk paw accidentally bump into a white , furry one . he look up and find none other than juliet herself . they eye meet and it be love at first sight ! rover wow ... juliet you have the most amazing eye . rover so do you . juliet you can tell a lot about someone from they eye . rover oh yeah ? what do mine say ? juliet that you be honest ... rover uh .. well ... usually . juliet and that you be look for something . or maybe , someone . Rover and juliet stare at one another , transfix . just then , the orchestra start up again . juliet ( cont would ) would you like to dance ...? Rover be tempt , then look over at mercury and benny and remember why he be here . rover oh I do not know ... juliet come on . it 's easy . and besides , when 's the next time you be go to see a polar bear and a skunk dance together ? Rover smile , then get pull onto the dance floor by juliet . a formal , Renaissance - like dance begin . Rover look around awkwardly , uncertain what to do . try to mimic what the other be do , Rover step right on juliet 's foot ! it 's all juliet can do to keep from cry out . rover I be sorry ! 29 . juliet it 's all right ... do not worry about the other . she turn he face to hers . juliet ( cont would ) look at I . look into that eye , a kind of miracle come over Rover . he boldly twirl juliet with precision . juliet ( cont would ) that 's it ! in no time , Rover and juliet be dazzle everyone at the party with they dance prowess . the cat - pulet dance nearby can not even begin to keep up with they . as the song end , the spectator applaud for Rover and juliet . Rover lead she off the dance floor away from the other cat -pulet . juliet ( cont would ) I would say you be a natural . rover I would say you be a great teacher . juliet not that good . rover in you arm , anything seem possible . Rover look at juliet strangely . rover or should I say , '' in you paw '' , or '' in you wing '' ? she look back at he furtively . juliet be you try to figure out what I be ? rover maybe so . juliet that 's strictly against the rule , you know . rover I like break rule . juliet well , this be not wing . I be no chicken , that 's for sure . rover be you a lamb ? juliet no . rover a rabbit ? juliet sorry . rover a goat ? juliet ( coyly ) uh-huh . rover oh come on ! I just have to know . juliet just have to , huh ? what do you say ... ( a idea come over she ) .-. I show you instead ? rover be you just go to take off you mask ? juliet I will if you will . Rover gulp and look around fearfully . rover here ? juliet why not ? rover how about we go to the garden instead ? I be kinda shy . juliet all right , then . 1I / x11 meet you there in five minute . juliet hurry off . Rover almost swoon . rover I be in love ! mercury appear in a huff . MERCURY what give , Rover ? we be here to do some damage , not win a dance contest . 31 . Rover see juliet walk outside . rover I know , I know ... but I think the polar bear be on to we . I be just try to keep she ... distract . MERCURY well hurry it up . benny 's set up the pyrotechnics even as we speak . ext . garden under the starry night , juliet await she true love . Rover sneak up from behind and place he paw over she eye . rover guess who ? juliet the animal of my dream ? rover Close enough . Rover walk around in front of juliet . juliet ready ... ? Rover look around one last time to make sure that the coast be clear . rover let 's do it . juliet on the count of three . one ... rover two ... juliet / rover Three ! Rover and juliet lift they mask . both be shocked . juliet you're a dog ?! rover you're a cat ?! juliet what be you do at my family 's party ? you must know we , I mean they , hate dog . rover you mean you do not hate dog too ? juliet I can not hate someone I do not even know . that would be silly . rover I guess you be right . juliet so what be we go to do ? I mean it seem like we be sort of become , I do not know ... friend . rover 32 . yeah , it sure seem that way . but I just do not think the world 's ready for a cat and a dog be ... friend . juliet yeah , I guess not . both be terribly sadden by this realization . rover well , see ya ... Rover put on he mask and start back inside . juliet hey ... I do not even know you name . rover it 's Rover . juliet I be juliet . rover ( gesture to the balcony ) you mean like the girl ...? juliet that 's right . rover Rover and juliet . I like that . juliet I like that too . rover though it do sound vaguely familiar .. juliet smile , slightly . 33. rover ( cont would ) well ... ' night , juliet . juliet good night , Rover . Rover leave . a single tear drop fall from juliet 's eye . int . villa Rover meet up with mercury and benny . MERCURY where have you be ?! the firework be just about to begin . rover you know , merc’ , I do not think this be such a good idea after all . I mean , maybe the cat -pulet be not so bad ... MERCURY be you nut ? we be finally go to give this stick up house - fluffer what they deserve . mercury jump onto a chair . MERCURY ( cont would ) listen up , animal of verona ! it 's time for tonight 's entertainment , courtesy of the three muske-skunk . hit it , benny ! benny push down on a giant bomb plunger , set off the firework and bottle rocket . it be chaos as the animal panic and try to flee . in the confusion , Rover find juliet . he pull off he mask . rover juliet , I be sorry . I try to stop they . I really do . juliet I believe you , Rover . but you better leave before my family get they hand on you . Rover and juliet desperately want to kiss before parting , but can not . as Rover flee the mayhem , tyger spot he . tyger I know it ! the mongrel ! as tyger start to go after Rover , Lord cat-pulet stop he . 34 . lord cat - pulet wait . now 's not the time for revenge . help calm we guest . you will get that little doggie soon enough . ext . above verona Flyer , still in he peacock uniform , be struggle to fly home with all he long tail feather . flyer would you look at this ? how you suppose to fly with tail feather like this ? when one of he elongate wing hit a tree branch , Flyer plummet to the earth . flyer ( cont would ) and he fall with a tremendous splash in a bird bath . he end up completely drench . flyer ( cont would ) it 's hard be beautiful . dragging himself out of the bird bath , Flyer find he have peacock feather stick out in every direction . start to pluck they out leave and right , he notice Rover mope in the shadow by the cathedral . flyer ( cont would ) hey there , Rover . what 's the matter ? rover oh , Flyer , it 's terrible ! flyer what ? rover I be in love ! at least I think I be in love . flyer but Rover that 's wonderful ! you have want to be in love forever ! rover I know , I know , but ... flyer but what ? rover -.. it 's with a ... cat -pulet ! 35 . flyer you mean juliet ? rover yes ! flyer ( confused ) and that 's a problem ? rover Flyer ! she 's a cat ! flyer so? rover and I be a dog ! Flyer give Rover a perplex look . rover ( cont would ) can not you see ? I do not think the world be ready for a dog- cat relationship . flyer the world ? Rover , since when have you ever worried about what the world think , huh ? Flyer look at Rover , but the dog lower he eye . flyer ( cont would ) this be more about what you think , be not it ? rover I be just so confuse . I do not know if I should ... I do not even know if I could -+- do you know any dog who would ...? flyer Love a cat ? rover yeah . Rover shake he head and walk away from Flyer deject . flyer Rover ... rover what ? Flyer finally have he entire costume off and fly over and land in front rover. 36 . flyer Rover ! rover what ? flyer let I ask you something . when you look at I , what do you see ? rover what do you mean , what do I see ? I see you . Flyer . flyer and do you see that I be a bat ? rover of course , I see that you be a bat . flyer so then why be not you ... Flyer bare he pathetically short fang , not look even remotely frightening ... flyer -.. afraid of I , huh ? rover why would I ever be afraid of you ? flyer because a lot of creature think I be scary . rover they do ? flyer oh yeah , they do not even like I be around . Flyer take a hop toward a couple of squirrel , who immediately scram in opposite direction . flyer see what I mean ? without that peacock costume I would never have get in to the animal ball tonight . rover but why be they afraid of you ? flyer I do not know . maybe ... Flyer fly under a dark awning and hang upside down . 37 . flyer ... it 's because we like hang upside down in the dark . rover what 's scary about that ? flyer beat I . Flyer come back down to Rover now . flyer maybe they think we carry germ or something , or we be sneaky because we fly so quiet . do you know that some creature even think we be evil ? rover evil ? flyer oh yeah . four hundred year from now they be go to be make all this movie about bat who turn into vampire and bite people 's neck and say ... Flyer do he best bela lugosi . flyer ( cont would ) '' I vant to suck you blood . '' rover but that 's ridiculous ! you do not want to suck anybody 's blood . you be not a vampire ! and you do not carry germ either . you be the cleanest , most honest creature in verona . how could anybody think that you be scary ? flyer I do not know , but somehow they do . rover well , that 's crazy ! Flyer touch Rover 's paw with he wing . flyer Rover , it 's easy for you to see that it 's crazy when it 's between bat and other animal . but can you see that it 's crazy also when its between cat and dog ? Rover look into the sky as if he 's be strike by lighten . 38 . rover my goodness , you be right . it do not matter if we be different . what matter be ... be ... flyer what 's in you heart . Rover look back at Flyer . rover well , I know what 's in mine . flyer I guess there 's only one thing leave to find out then , be not there ? rover yes , absolutely ! thank you , Flyer ! thank you ! Rover set of down the street at a full sprint . Flyer watch he go happily . flyer ' Atta boy . int . juliet 's bedroom Doc be help juliet slip out of she polar bear costume when she begin to notice that juliet seem very depressed about something . doc be you all right , juliet ? you have not say a word since the party . but it be as if juliet be in a dream . juliet I be sorry . what do you say , Rover ? doc Rover ! juliet I be sorry , do I say Rover ? doc yes , you do . I have be call a lot of thing in my day , but Rover be not one of they . juliet ... Doc lift juliet 's chin . doc have you be rub whisker with with one of the canine persuasion ? 39 . juliet hide she eye from Doc , but she know there 's no use try to hide the truth from she . juliet yes , I have . I meet he at the party . we talk . we dance . but in the end ... ( start to cry ) oh Rover , Rover , wherefore art thou Rover ! Doc take a tissue from the vanity table and dry juliet 's eye . juliet oh Doc , you will not tell anyone , will you ? doc of course not . we love kitten get to stick together . just do not let tyger find out . at that moment a lonely howl be hear outside the house . juliet cross to the window and look down into the street . juliet it 's Rover ! doc Rover ? juliet oh my goodness ! doc hey , he 's kind of cute . juliet you think so ? doc well , for a dog ... juliet oh , Doc , what be I go to do ? doc go out and talk to he . juliet talk to he ? what do I say ? doc say , '' hey ya big boy , why do not you come up and see I some time ? '' juliet I can not say that ! 40 . doc then just be yourself . you will be fine . juliet open the window and slip out on the balcony . Rover clear he throat and begin to speak . rover but soft ! what light from over yonder come and break my window . juliet what ? rover that 's not right . I mean what yonder break my light ... I mean my window ... juliet Rover , what be you say ? rover I be say ... he look up at she suddenly full of confidence . rover I be say that I love you . juliet what ? rover I love you , juliet . and I want to know if you love I too . because if you do , then all the difference between we will mean nothing . juliet oh Rover , I do love you . very much . Rover suddenly fly into a series of back flip . juliet laugh delightedly . juliet come to I , Rover . rover come to you ? juliet jump up here . rover I can not jump up there . juliet why not ? 41 . rover because I can not jump that high . I 'ma dog , remember ? juliet oh . so what do we do ? rover you be go to have to come down here . juliet but I can not do that . rover why not ? juliet because I have never be out of the house before . rover you have never see verona ? the most beautiful town in the world ? juliet no . rover then come with I juliet , and I will show it to you , and you will have the most wonderful night of you life . juliet look at Doc questioningly . juliet Doc ? doc just do not do anything I would not do . juliet but there be not anything you would not do . Doc smile mischievously . doc exactly . take one last look into she bedroom , juliet turn and dash off the balcony . she leap high into the air and land right beside Rover . after look dreamily into he eye , juliet finally shrug shyly . juliet verona , remember ? rover oh yes ... verona . and what would you like to see first ? 42 . juliet all of it . I want to see all of it . and with that the happy couple dart off into the city , paw in paw . Flyer , who have be observe the young lover from a tree limb , flap behind they . ext . verona street - night a moment later , Rover and juliet be swinging around lamp post and dancing in the street . juliet be , of course , fascinate by everything she see , but especially by the orb of light and the orange and other round fruit she see through a market 's window . overcome with chivalry , Rover sneak in the back door of the market and return a minute later with a couple of nectarine that he 's pawn . rover where to next ? juliet ( point to the fruit ) throw it . rover what ? juliet throw it ! Rover fling the nectarine down the street . juliet point in the direction it have go . juliet ( cont would ) I want to go there ! ext . verona STREET - moment later Rover and juliet have catch up with the roll fruit . laugh and giggle , they kick it on further ... straight down the sidewalk and into the opera house . outside the front door , Rover and juliet dodge the leg of people enter the opera house . slowly a devilish grin spread across juliet 's face and she bolt into the opera house after the nectarine . Rover be right behind she ! int . opera house the nectarine be be inadvertently kick around the front lobby . before Rover and juliet can catch up to it though , it be kick down a back hallway toward a dress room . int . dressing room Rover and juliet tear after the bounce nectarine only to become accidentally entangle in two elaborate costume . 43 . int . backstage at the opera the nectarine continue to roll just out of reach of Rover and juliet who have now come to be wear the elaborate costume ! int . the opera house stage finally the nectarine come to rest ... downstage center ! a second later Rover and juliet catch up to it there . then the light go down . a hush fall over the audience . the conductor tap he baton and clear he throat . all eye fall _on Rover and juliet , who look at one another . juliet what be we suppose to do now ? rover sing , I think . juliet sing what ? conductor ( whisper ) you first line be '' figaro . '' juliet figaro ? suddenly the orchestra spring to life . beautiful music fill the chamber . but Rover and juliet struggle to sing operatically . rover figaro ! figaro ! juliet figaro ! suddenly , two underwear clad opera singer appear onstage and begin chase Rover and juliet around . ext . botanical garden - second later finally make it back outside the opera house , Rover jump into a flowerbed and begin pick rose and daisy leave and right . soon he have make a gigantic bouquet , which he present proudly to juliet . as Rover and juliet come out of the garden , a delightful smell waft by and tempt they nose . ext . bakery follow the smell down the street , they come to '' domino 's bakery . '' peer in the front window , they see a young apprentice take loaf of bread from the oven . 44 , int . bakery unable to resist the smell of the fresh - baked bread , Rover and juliet sneak into the bakery and creep nearer and nearer the bread . but then Rover accidentally swat a pepper shaker with he tail , make the apprentice sneeze . the just rise loaf of bread fall as flat as pancake . the baker , senor domino , become incense and swat the apprentice with he hat . a chase around the bakery begin , where the tomato and mozzarella , which the baker be eat for supper , end up be spread on the flattened loave of bread . just as senor domino have the apprentice cornere , he smell the pie shape creation on top of the stove . suddenly he have a idea and cut the pie into triangular piece . after smell one curiously , he plop it in he mouth . senor domino hey , that 's pretty good ! as senor domino chomp down another bite , the apprentice flatten out a bread box , make the first pizza box . apprentice wait a second , I get it ! we ’1ll deliver ! senor domino we will call it domino 's ! in they joy of they new discovery , they do not notice how Rover creep up to the stove ... and swipe the first pizza in the history of the world ! on the way out the door , juliet snatch the apprentice 's bottle of milk , too ! ext . river - moment later Rover and juliet be riding in a gondola down the river , eat the pizza and drink the milk and be serenade by a quartet of string - play cricket . rover it would go great with a little pepperoni , would not you say ? juliet I think I would prefer anchovy . when they come to a arched bridge , Rover take juliet 's paw and they be off again . rover come on ! 45 . ext . verona street - later Rover and juliet continue they happy romp through town . soon , they come to the Arena . Rover run right through the front door . juliet what be this ? rover it 's the Arena ! ext . inside the arena Rover and juliet scamper up to the emperor 's box and look at the Roman ruin around they . rover can you imagine what it be like back then ? suddenly , magically , the Arena be transformed into its classical glory ! toga-clad spectator be do '' the wave '' . gladiator prepare to fight exotic beast . a wreathe sport announcer look a awful lot like marv Albert do the play by play . in a instant , a wooly mammoth charge at a gladiator in the center of the ring . the gladiator be rover ! Rover , however be too enamor of juliet and do not notice the tusk beast bear down on he . juliet meow ...! just in time ! Rover leap to the side , use a toga as a matador use a cape . within second , Rover have bring the beast to the ground , and have wrap its trunk around its foot like a cowboy rope a calf . juliet toss rose to Rover , who pick they up with he tooth . ext . hill above verona - daybreak a instant later , Rover and juliet be dash for the hill . it 's all Flyer can do to keep up with they . ext . top of the hill - sunrise Rover and juliet sit side by side with all of verona below they . the sun be just come up . they look deep into one another 's eye ... just as they begin to move closer to one another , Flyer come to the top of the hill and be hit by direct sunlight . this knock he radar all out of whack and he promptly crash into a chicken coop get egg all over himself . back on the top of the hill , meanwhile , all the other animal ( except dog and cat of course ) have gather around to see Rover and juliet move closer and closer . 46 . when the young lover kiss , it be like all of Italy sigh with they . just second later , Flyer get to the scene . flyer darn , I miss the best part . Rover and juliet look at he and then back at one another . when they kiss again , Flyer literally shiver with happiness . then they turn , paw in paw , and watch the sunlight continue to spread over verona . ext . STREET - early morning verona still sleep as Rover and juliet return home from they adventure . when they reach the cat -pulet 's villa , the two young lover stop at its gate and look at each other , longingly . rover well ... here we be . juliet ( sigh ) Home . rover last night be amazing . juliet I ' 1l never forget it as long as I live . rover I will not either . juliet start under the gate . juliet I just wish ... rover yeah ? juliet I just wish we could do this every night . rover and every day , too . juliet but if we family ever find out ... rover we would never get to see each other again . the lover tremble merely at the think . 47 . juliet this feud be so dumb ! I mean , cat and dog be not so different . rover we both walk on four leg ... juliet we both have tail ... rover we both fall in love . juliet ( smiling ) yeah ... we both do , do not we . rover you know , maybe there be a way we can be together and stop we two family from fight . juliet but how ? rover come with I . to the cathedral ! ext . cathedral a glorious renaissance church in the heart of verona . the camera track up the facade of the cathedral right into its bell tower . int . belfry Flyer hang upside down from the rafter , read ' how to win Friends and influence animal . 's Rover and juliet stand below . flyer ( throw down he book ) you want I to what ? rover I want you to marry we . flyer do not you think you be move just a little fast ? rover it 's the only way , Flyer . Romeo tell I that he and the girl juliet be go to be marry in the church ... flyer they be . the Friar perform the ceremony . it be a small but lovely affair . 48 . rover Romeo also say that get marry would help end the feud between they two family . flyer I gotta hand it to the boy , he 's sharp . Rover and juliet look up at Flyer , knowingly . flyer ( cont would ) oh ... I get it . you think you two could do the same for cat and dog . the lover smile and nod . flyer ( cont would ) maybe , but I be not a friar . I be just a bat who life in the belfry . that 's what bat do . rover please , Flyer . if it be not for you , juliet and I would not even be together . all you have to do be say a few word . nothing fancy . flyer I do not know ... juliet notice the title of Flyer 's book and get a idea . juliet come on , Rover . let 's go home . he 's just a old , scary - look bat . flyer now wait a second , young lady . juliet it 's not like he want to help end the feud between cat and dog . I mean then everybody would like he . nobody would be afraid of he anymore . juliet 's reverse - psychology work . Flyer swoops down from the ceiling and stop they . flyer I guess I could say a few word . I have watch enough wedding in my day . Rover and juliet smile . flyer come . Gather close . Flyer hover in front of the couple . 49 . flyer do you , Rover , take juliet to be you wife ? rover you bet I do ! flyer and do you , juliet , take Rover to be you husband ? juliet yes . I do . flyer then by the power you have vested in I , I now pronounce you ... cat and dog . you may kiss the kitty . they kiss . as if on cue , the church bell begin to ring ! ext . cathedral - morning Rover and juliet climb out the window and onto the street . suddenly , rice begin to fall on they head . they both look up and find Flyer clutching a bag . flyer what 's a wedding without rice ? they smile and wave . Rover notice the people on the street . rover wow , I better get you home . juliet no , Rover . we better split up . at least until we tell we family the news . rover then we can be together whenever we want . juliet I can not wait ! rover i’1l meet you back at you house with the rest of the mongrel . I think we should tell everyone together . juliet I agree . farewell , Rover . parting be such sweet sorrow . rover hey , that 's kinda nice ... they sneak a final kiss and juliet dash off . Rover be leave with a huge smile on he face . 50 . ext . piazza - morning once again , the market place be bustling with people . int . under the watchmaker 's kiosk benny , mercury and Big daddy wait impatiently . benny snatch one of the watchmaker 's watch and check the time . benny where do you think Rover be ? MERCURY do not ask I . but he be act pretty strange at the party last night . big daddy speak of the cat -pulet 's party , I hear what you boy do . benny you should have see it , Big daddy . it be great ! big daddy no , benny , it be stupid . now all of the other animal probably hate we as much as the cat do . you pup need to pick you fight more carefully . MERCURY but Big daddy , that cat - Big daddy rise over mercury . MERCURY sorry , Big daddy . we 'il be more careful . I promise . Rover finally arrive . big daddy and where have you be ? you be late . rover I ... it ... I ... Big daddy wait for a explanation . rover overslept ? benny ( whisper ) good answer . big daddy because of you failure to pull off the butcher heist , Rover , the mongrel go ( more ) 51 . big daddy ( cont would ) hungry . that 's not go to happen again ... ( loom over Rover ) is_it ? rover no , Big daddy . big daddy today I be send you three on a mission even the dumbest dog could do . ext . balcony overlooking the piazza tyger and he henchcat watch as the mongrel sneak across the marketplace . tyger wear a gold whistle around he neck . tyger well if it be not we little friend the skunk ... shake something be smelly in the State of Denmark . tyger we be in verona , you idiot ! speare et tu , ty-gre ? tyger whack they both across the head . tyger shut up ! I have a plan to insure every mongrel in verona think twice before mess with the cat -pulet again . ext . behind the meat stand the dog pick through the scrap . mercury find a t-bone . MERCURY look at this beauty ! rover I better find one , too . I need to be on Big daddy 's good side today . benny what 's so special about today ? rover I have something important to tell the family . MERCURY oh yeah ? so tell we . 52 . rover well ... Rover decide if he want to spill the bean . tyger ( 0.s. ) yes . tell we , Rover . the dog look up and find the cat right behind they . tyger tell we all what 's so important . MERCURY so I see you bring you goons this time . shake goons ? speare he be a dog of most infinite jest . tyger hiss at shake and speare . then he approach mercury . tyger I have some unfinish business with you mongrel . a little payback for crash we party . Rover get between tyger and mercury . rover listen , we be all very sorry about what we do , tyger . MERCURY what be you do , Rover ? this fluffballs do not deserve a apology . they deserve a nice bite on the behind . rover no , mercury . Fighting be not the answer . MERCURY oh yeah ? then what be ? everyone look at Rover . rover Love . the cat and dog break out in hysterics . tyger this little doggie 's nut ! benny step forward and join Rover . 53 . benny maybe Rover 's right . MERCURY benny ! benny I do not like fight , merc’ . it 's really stupid . and for I , that 's say a lot . tyger look like the mongrel be not so tough after all . mercury stick he face up to tyger 's . MERCURY just try I , pussy . benny remember what Big daddy say , merc’ . we have to choose we fight more carefully . rover he 's right , merc’ . just take the bone and walk away . tyger what 's it go to be ? be you a dog ... or a chicken ? mercury be ready to attack , but surprisingly , he step back . MERCURY you be not worth it , tyger . mercury turn around and start to walk away when suddenly tyger pounce on he , run he razor sharp claw down mercury 's back . he draw blood . rover why you ...! the henchcat grab Rover and benny . tyger have mercury on he back while he continue to claw he . Rover can not stand to watch he friend be hurt . with all of he might , he shove the henchcat to the ground and jump on top of tyger , pull he off of mercury . Rover get tyger pin down . he open he jaw , ready to bite the vicious cat . rover ( cont would ) I do not want to have to bite you , tyger ! tyger believe I , you be not go to get the chance ! 54 . tyger blows on he gold whistle . at first , Rover do not understand why . then the sound of a horse approach fast be hear . Rover look up and see ... ..- the dog catcher , he silver net in the air . before Rover can run away , the net swoops down and scoops he up . the Dog catcher hold Rover to he face . dog catcher gotcha , mongrel ! I tell you I would . fortunately , someone leave I this anonymous note ... Rover see the note . written sloppily , it read , ' if you want to find the mongrel in the piazza , just listen for the whistle . 's Rover look down at tyger grin . he hold up he paw . it be cover in black ink . the gold whistle be still in he mouth . the Dog catcher gallop off with Rover . benny and mercury can only watch helplessly as they friend be take away . int . dog pound the place be jam - pack with stray dog . when the Dog catcher attempt to shove Rover into one of the already crowded cage , the frighten pup pop right out . the Dog catcher grab Rover by a tuft of fur and hold he up to he face . dog catcher well , it look like it 's you lucky day , poochy . no room at the pound . the Dog catcher bring Rover close . dog catcher ( cont have ) now what shall I do with you , hmm ? I hear in some country , little doggy be a delicacy . Rover shiver in terror . dog catcher ( cont have ) no . you be too small to cook . I have a better idea . ext . alley the mongrel gather around mama mongrel as she lick mercury 's wound . big daddy mongrel what the cat-Pulet do today be a act of war ! from this day forth , let no feline feel safe in verona . the mongrel be fight back ! 55 . int . villa the cat - pulet gather in the live room . Lady cat - pulet lick tyger 's wound . lord cat - pulet what the mongrel do today be a act of war ! from this day forth , let no canine feel safe in verona . tyger do not worry , father . the Dog catcher take care of the mongrel that attack I . juliet ( concerned ) what be the name of the dog ? tyger Rover . how cliché . juliet be in shock . she turn to doc. juliet ( whisper ) I can not believe Rover would do something like that . lord cat - pulet we mortal enemy have always be the dog . and now you can see why . it 's time the cat -pulet fight back ! the cat-Pulet meow in agreement , then follow Lord cat - pulet out of the room . as juliet be leave , she overhear tyger and he henchcat . tyger it be pretty clever how I make it look like Rover attack I just as the dog catcher come by . tyger laugh devilishly . juliet now know the truth . int . bedroom juliet run in and grab doc. juliet Doc , tyger set Rover up ! my husband be innocent ! go to the pound and tell Rover I know the truth and that I still love he . I just hope he 's all right ... ext . gate of verona - night the Dog catcher ride just outside the city and drop Rover on a dirt road . 56 . dog catcher hit the road , mutt . you be banish ! and if I ever see you grubby little face again , you will be meat for my meatball . now beat it ! Rover start down the road . the Dog catcher ride back into the city . the gate slam shut behind he . Rover stop and turn around . rover I be not go anywhere without see juliet one last time ... ext . just inside CITY wall - hour later a furious scratch be hear beneath the earth . after a moment Rover poke he head out . he 's burrow he way under the wall and come out completely cover in mud . he 's even get dirt in he mouth . rover patooie ! yeeech ! he look up at the high wall tower above he . rover ( cont would ) man , I need to learn to jump . shake himself off as best he can , Rover start off for the cat -pulet 's , but no sooner be he on the road than he see a black horse approaching at a thundering pace . rover ( cont would ) oh no ! the dog-catcher ! Rover leap from the road and bury himself in a pile of leave , only to discover that the horse be be ride by a cute little boy . get up cautiously , Rover slink from lamp post to lamp post completely cover in leave . it look as though he 's be tar and feathered . ext . street of verona - later near the piazza , Rover turn a corner and head down a street lead to the cat -pulet 's . again , we hear a horse approach . this time it be the Dog catcher , but Rover have hide himself in the shadow . the Dog catcher be more menace than ever , now wield a whip and strike at any animal in the street . dog -catcher yee -ah ! yee -ah ! the rat , who be have supper in the alley , be nearly lash by the whip . after the Dog catcher be go , they return to they meal . Rover listen in . 57 . first rat hey , what 's up with igor ? second rat ah , he 's mad about pull a double shift . ever since that dumb mutt start the riot in the square . first rat you mean Rover ? second rat that 's he name . you should have hear the cat -pulet cursing he when I be up there steal this cheese . every one of they ! that mutt better not go anywhere near that place , let I tell you . ( gesture to he plate ) rougefort ? first rat why thank you . Rover walk away from the rat deject . find a puddle of water , he look at he reflection . rover ( to himself ) every one of the cat-Pulet ! do you think ... juliet could hate I too ? Rover look up at the cat-Pulet 's house and ponder for a second . then he turn and run down the street in the opposite direction . ext . verona STREET - later Doc be walk down the street mutter to herself . doc can you imagine ? a cat on the way to the pound ? just think what this will do to my reputation ? when she turn the corner , Doc see Rover sprinting down the street still partially cover in leave . doc ( to herself ) Rover ?! where you off to in such a hurry ? Doc look down a hill and can see that Rover be head straight for the cathedral . sigh , she set off after he . doc from the pound to the church . talk about out of you element ! 58 . int . belfry Flyer stand before a mirror comb he hair with dippity - do hair gel . flyer maybe if I part it on the side , nobody will think I be so ... suddenly , Rover enter the church window and leap into the belfry . rover ( pant ) Flyer ? where be you Flyer ? Flyer hide he hair gel and try to flatten down he hair . flyer I be right here . what 's wrong ? rover I have be vanish ! flyer vanish ? what do you mean ? rover like from verona . flyer oh you mean '' banish '' . rover exactly . flyer why ? rover because I get in a fight with tyger , only it be not my fault , but then the dog catcher come , and he think it be my fault , but it be not , I swear . I swear ! flyer Rover , you should not swear in church - rover and now all the cat-pulet hate I , even juliet ! what be I go to do , Flyer ? what be I ever go to do ? Rover collapse in tear on the floor of the belfry . Flyer look down on he with irritation . flyer come on , get up ! 59 . rover I can not . can not you see ? my life be over . oh , woe be I ! Flyer decide to try a little reverse psychology . flyer why you be nothing but a hound dog , cry all the time . Rover look up at Flyer , slightly indignant . rover a hound dog ? flyer there 's always hope , Rover . no matter how bleak thing look . you just get to get up and keep try . rover but what hope can there be for I now ? at that instant Doc appear at the window above Rover and Flyer . she posture herself like a nightclub performer from the 1940' . doc hey ya big boy . why you look so glum ? rover Doc ! Rover leap to he foot and rush to the stair below Doc . as he start to scramble up , Doc yell sharply . doc Rover , stay where you be ! Rover freeze and look up at Doc confuse . doc you be ruin my big entrance . and with that , Doc saunter down the step with she tail wrap about she shoulder like a mink steal . doc I bring word from my lady . rover what oh what , tell I please ! do she hate I ? do she never want to see I again ? tell I , please , I have to know . doc tell I something , do all dog drool like that ? 60 . it 's all Rover can do to keep from ringing Doc 's neck . rover tell I what you know about juliet ! doc ah quit you yelping . she love you still . rover ( ecstatic ) she do ? doc and she know tyger have you set up . rover she do ? doc and she want to see you as soon she can . rover she do ? doc she do . Rover scramble toward the open window . rover then I be go now ! doc just a second ! Rover pause at the window . rover what ? doc you be not go to go look like that be you ? for a golden retriever you be look a little tarnish . rover do not you worry , Doc . do not you worry . Rover head out of the belfry completely excited . ext . beneath juliet the girl 's balcony - night Rover approach the balcony thoroughly clean . he seem to be on top of the world , until he remember how high the balcony be . see no other choice , he take a few step back and charge 61 . toward the balcony . a few foot from the wall he make a tremendous leap ... but only make it about half way up and crash back down to the ground . rover now what be I go to do ? truly start to become deject , Rover 's spirit change when he see romeo approach carrying a ladder . Romeo place the ladder against the balcony and begin to go up but then think of something and go back down . then he begin to look for something in the garden . Rover take advantage of the opportunity and scamper right up the ladder . he be just about to steal into juliet 's chamber when he turn and discover Romeo pick flower for juliet the girl in the garden . feeling like he need to do the same for he juliet , Rover go back down the ladder . down in the garden , Romeo see Rover . romeo oh loyal pooch . have you a fair maiden of you own ? perchance a beagle ? a collie ? and must you stake you very life just to set eye upon she ? I think not . how much simpler it would be to be a lowly dog ! Romeo scratch Rover behind the ear and head back to the ladder with he bouquet . once Romeo have get off the top , Rover scramble up behind he . just as both Romeo and Rover be about to enter they respective entrance on the balcony , they be simultaneously overcome with a teenager 's sense of insecurity . completely unaware that the other be do the same thing at the same time , both the dog and the boy look at they reflection in the window and fix they hair . then they flex they biceps and blow into they hand / paw to check for bad breath . finally convinced that all be in order , the lover puff up they chest and make they dashingly romantic entrance . int . juliet the girl 's bedroom both juliet and juliet the girl be primp themselves as the door to the balcony open . the male lover swagger in . juliet see Rover ... juliet the girl see Romeo ... both set of lover jump into each other 's arm ! int . juliet the girl 's bedroom - daybreak Romeo and juliet the girl lay in one another 's arm on the love seat . meanwhile , underneath the bed , Rover and juliet do exactly the same thing . 62 . after a moment , we hear a bird call . rover and juliet 's Pov Romeo 's leg come off the bed and move to the window . a moment later we hear the curtain torn OPEN and the room fill with light . under the bed Rover look at juliet , panicked at how late it 's get . peck she on the cheek he get up to go . juliet grab he desperately just as ... juliet the girl ( 0.s. ) wilt thou be go ? it be not yet day . juliet squeeze Rover so tightly he begin to turn blue ! it 's like she 's put a vice around he neck ... romeo ( 0.s. ) I must be go and live ... finally he break through juliet 's clutches and catapult across the room , knock over a expensive lamp ! romeo ( 0.s. ) «+. or stay and die . above ... Romeo and juliet the girl be so enamor of one another that they have not notice the lamp crash to the ground . below ... juliet have pounce on Rover again . he point out the window desperately to the rise sun ... romeo ( 0.s. ) ' tis the morn . look love ... juliet shake she head and close she eye , childishly refuse to acknowledge the morning . juliet the girl ( 0.s. ) yond light be not day - light . suddenly , juliet radically shift tactic , lift up the blanket and casting a flirtatious look Rover 's way . juliet the girl ( 0.s. ) therefore stay yet , - thou need ust not to be go . this be too much for Rover to resist and he dive under the cover to be with juliet . 63 . romeo ( 0.s. ) let I be put to death ! juliet will it so . it be not day . suddenly juliet be frantic to get Rover out of the bedroom . only now Rover cling to juliet ! juliet the girl ( 0.s. ) it be , it be , - hie hence be go , away ! she push Rover toward the window ripping up the bedsheet , knocking over the vanity table , and smashing the chest of drawer . in addition , the canopy from the bed have get catch on the chandelier ... Romeo and juliet the girl , meanwhile , still have absolutely no idea the room be be literally demolished ! juliet the girl ( 0.s . ) --. o , now be go ; more light and light it grow . the nurse and Doc enter simultaneously . Doc stare at the destruction around she . nurse ( 0.s. ) you lady mother be come to you chamber : the day be break ; doc ( to herself ) so 's the lamp ... nurse ( 0.s. ) be wary ! look about ! the chandelier crash to the ground ! ... narrowly miss all of the lover , who be still oblivious to the room be destroy . they can only look deeply into one another 's eye ... finally , dramatically , juliet the girl open the window . juliet the girl then window , let day in , and let life out . romeo farewell , farewell ! one kiss and I 'il descend . both pair of lover kiss simultaneously . then Rover and Romeo head out the window and disappear into the street . juliet and juliet the girl watch they go sadly . finally , juliet the girl notice that juliet be there . 64 . juliet the girl oh Kitty juliet , alack the day ! have you a dash prince far hence ? some siamese cat ? some Noble Persian ? it must be so much simpler to be a cat . both cry now , juliet and juliet the girl comfort one another . ext . farm in mantua - one week later Rover have breakfast with the pig at they trough . rover I do not know how you fella eat this slop . pig you get use to it . rover that scrap in the piazza be look pretty good now . sure wish I be back home ... ( sigh ) ++. with juliet . the pig look at Rover sympathetically for a moment , then return to they slop . int . barn Rover walk inside and find the barn empty . confused , he bark . rover Romeo ? where be ya , Romeo ? Rover then find Romeo 's red feathered cap . his human friend be go . int . juliet 's room juliet curl up by the window , look out at the fall rain . she be still quite sad . Doc saunter in . doc be you plane on be miserable forever ? juliet I miss he , Doc . I miss he more and more each day . and to make matter worse , juliet 's go too . I have not see she for day . 65 . doc you know how human get when they be in love . they can not think about anything else . juliet I be start to understand why . doc you gotta snap out of this , kid . you folk be real worried about you . I hear they be even go to ... juliet they be go to what , Doc ? doc they be go to ask ... just then , Lord and Lady cat - pulet enter , follow by Vienna , the snobby viennese cat from the party . doc -.. Vienna to marry you . Vienna bow before juliet and kiss she paw . vienna juliet , how purr-fect you look ! alarm , juliet look at doc. juliet oh no ...! ext . farm in mantua - night Rover lie alone in the field and howl at the moon . rover first I lose my girl , then I lose my best friend . could thing get any worse ? as if one cue , it begin to rain . Rover be soak . rover they could ... he bow he head and begin to cry . female voice be you okay ? Rover look up and find a adorable female , golden retriever puppy stand by the farmer 's house . rover well , to be honest ... not really . 66 . female puppy why do not you come inside ? the farmer just put out some food . Rover 's tempt , but not sure . female puppy ( smiling ) come on . I will not bite . Rover walk out of the field and follow the cute puppy inside . int . belfry Flyer be experiment with different breath spray when juliet leap into the the belfry . juliet Flyer ! flyer what ? juliet you be never go to believe what 's happen ! flyer what ? juliet my parent want I to get marry with Vienna . flyer well do you try to talk they out of it ? juliet of course I do . but they would not hear it . I can not stand it how they treat I like I be some kind of kitten ! Flyer , what be I go to do ? flyer I do not know . Flyer think for a moment . then he shrug he shoulder . flyer well , when in doubt ... Flyer fly down to the sanctuary below . juliet leap down after he . juliet when in doubt what ? 67 . Flyer come across a vial , which contain a potion and sit on the Friar 's lectern . flyer when in doubt , do what people do . juliet do what people do ? what do they do ? flyer well , believe it or not , this same situation be happen between Romeo and juliet . juliet no ! flyer can you imagine ? what be the chance ? and so when you juliet come here just a little while ago , Friar laurence give she a potion like this which will make it seem like she have die - juliet die ! flyer do not be afraid . it will only seem that she have die . really . Flyer pick up a piece of chalk and begin scrawling on a piece of slate like a coach diagramm a play . flyer she ’1ll just be sleep . so then she will not have to marry Paris . because then she parent will think she 's dead , see ? and who have want to marry a dead person anyway , right ? be this make any sense ? juliet I be not sure ... flyer well , let I see if I get this straight . what 's really go to be happen be that juliet 's just go to be sleep the chalk figure that Flyer have draw come to life and try to act out the elaborate plan . but they become as confuse as juliet be become . flyer --. and in forty two hour she 'il wake up good as new , and then Romeo will be there 68 . juliet how ? chalk figure yeah , how ? flyer I do not know how ! somehow , all right ? and they 's 1ll go run off together and make a new life together ... in mantua or somewhere . you get it ? the chalk figure shake they head vehemently . juliet turn to Flyer tentatively . juliet and you be say this same plan would work for I and Rover ? flyer that 's exactly what I be say . juliet I do not know ... flyer what do you mean , you do not know ? juliet well , it 's just it sound so ... dangerous . and so complicated . it just seem like there 's a lot of thing that could go wrong . flyer like what ? juliet I do not know . it just do not sound wise flyer but Friar laurence say - juliet well who care what Friar laurence say - flyer I do . juliet why ? flyer because he 's human , that 's why ! and everybody know that human be smarter than animal . and if they have make this plan ... well , it must be better than any ( more ) 69 . flyer ( cont would ) plan we could come up with . do not you think ? juliet I guess so . neither one of they seem too convinced of the wisdom of they plan , but Flyer put the potion in front of juliet anyway . flyer now take this vial and get yourself back to you house and do exactly as I have say . you hear ? Flyer open he wing and start fly toward the open window . flyer ( cont would ) I will fly now to mantua to tell Rover of we plan ! juliet look at the vial on the lectern . finally she pick it up and turn to go . the chalk figure shake they head in disapproval . chalk figure you will be sorry ... ext . sky - night Flyer flap along panting rapidly . the two dove fly nearby , almost mock how slowly the little bat struggle through the air . flyer I wish I be a bird . ( almost completely out of breath ) I wish I be a bird . suddenly , Flyer see something below that literally stop he in mid-air . flyer ( cont would ) oh no ! as Flyer zoom down to the ground , he become even more upset . flyer ( cont would ) no ! say it be not so ! Flyer land finally on the step of a large marble structure call '' the monument of the Lovers '' . there beside he lay the motionless body of romeo and juliet the girl . they embrace each other gently and seem almost to be sleep . but the vial that lie beside Romeo 's outstretch hand and the knife beside juliet the girl let Flyer know that this lover will never wake up again . 70 . the dove look down on the scene from above . flyer ( cont would ) do Romeo find juliet sleep and think --.? and so then he take this poison --.? and she ... waking up to find he dead ... do she ... take the knife and ? Flyer cry out loud . flyer ( cont would ) oh how do this happen ? how can this be ? Flyer cover he head with he wing and sob . the dove look on from above . for the first time they begin to realize that Flyer be more than just a scary little bat . just as they start to come closer , a terrible realization spread across Flyer 's face . flyer ( cont would ) but wait ! if this happen to Romeo and juliet , then the same thing could happen to ... he turn and look back toward verona . flyer ( cont would ) I have get to get back to juliet and tell she not to take that potion ! setting off toward verona , Flyer come over a hill and be hit by sunlight . once again he radar malfunction and he spin out of control to the ground . flyer ( cont would ) oh , how can it get any worse than this ? the dove look at one another , truly worried . int . juliet the girl 's bedroom juliet sit on juliet the girl 's bed consider Flyer 's potion . the chalk figure hover nearby . chalk figure do not do it ! you know it do not make sense - but she start to drink it anyway . as she tip the vial higher , she see herself in the mirror . suddenly she stop drink and look herself in the eye . juliet juliet , what be you do ? of course this do not make sense . but the potion start to take effect . just as she fall unconscious she set the vial on the floor . 71 . we see now , she have only drank half of the potion . ext . near the monument of the lover Flyer be try to do anything he can to see in the light so he can fly off to verona again . he even try fly with a see - eye-stick , only to come crash down to the earth . he end up wrap in thick vine , nearly unable to move at all . flyer oh , it 's no good . I x11 never be able to see in the light ! Flyer 's head droops as he realize there 's no hope . but not too far away , the dove look down , touch by Flyer 's determination to help Rover and juliet . finally they muster the courage to fly down to he . a moment later they have begin to peel away the vine . flyer ( cont would ) hey ! hey ! what be you do ? get away from I ! dove shhh . squint to make out who it be , Flyer begin to understand . flyer what ? be you here ... to help I ? the dove nod . flyer ( cont would ) me? scary Flyer ? his answer be to be lift gently into the air . the dove , one on each of Flyer 's wing , take he higher and higher and head off toward verona . int . juliet the girl 's bedroom Lady and Lord cat-pulet and Doc come into the room . Doc be carry a beautiful white wedding dress . juliet lie motionless on juliet the girl 's pillow . doc juliet ? look , darlin’ . look what I make of the sheet you tore up . ( observe she more closely ) juliet ? lady cat - pulet juliet , wake up ! lord cat -pulet what 's wrong with she ? 72 . doc I do not know . lady cat - pulet be she ...? be she ...? as Lady cat - pulet look closer and closer at she daughter , she begin to realize that something be truly wrong . ext . juliet 's balcony - later Doc lie on the stone wall , weep . the rat , on they way out of the sewer , feel she tear drop land on they tiny head . they look up . first rat what 's with the waterwork , Doc ? doc ( sob ) my best friend be dead . rat juliet ? Doc sob and nod ' yes . 's first rat that 's terrible . second rat she be so young ... first rat so beautiful ... second rat and that 's say a lot come from a couple of rat . first rat be there anything we can do ? doc you can tell all the animal . tell they juliet will be bury in the cat -a- comb at sunset . rat we will not let you down , Doc ! int . villas - montage the rat climb through hole in the wall of villas throughout verona to tell domestic animal the news . 73 . ext . piazza - montage the rat scurry through the square to tell all of the city 's stray animal the news . ext . zoo - montage the rat go from cage to cage . the elephant use he trunk to wipe the tear from he eye . ext . cathedral - end of montage the rat peer through a window in the bell tower , but Flyer be go . instead , the rat tell the pigeon perch atop the cathedral . the pigeon , sadden , fly off . first rat now all of Italy will know of juliet 's pass ... ext . farmhouse in mantua - morning as Rover try to leave the farmer 's house , he be surround by a large family of golden retriever . female puppy my family really like you , Rover . the dog lick and jump all over he . rover you think ? the female puppy snuggle up to Rover . female puppy they think we make a great couple . rover ( surprise ) a couple ? all we do be share a can of alpo . just then , the pig saunter by on they way to the trough . first pig such a pretty cat go before she time . second pig it 's rumor she die of a break heart . first pig seem to be happen a lot in verona this day . Rover 's curiosity be pique . 74 . rover Excuse I , Pigs . who be you talk about ? second pig have not you hear ? juliet cat - pulet be dead . rover ( shock ) what ?! first pig do you know she ...? rover know she ? she be my wife . pig & dog you wife ?! rover which way back to verona ? the pig point . rover farewell , farm animal . I must see my sweet juliet one last time ! Rover run down the dirt road . the female puppy turn to she mother . female puppy why be all the cute dog marry ? ext . above forest outside verona - afternoon as the dove and Flyer approach the city wall , the dove see the pigeon from the cathedral fly sadly back toward town . they decide to fly up to they to find out what 's wrong . ext . catacomb - late afternoon Rover run up to the entrance to the catacomb , completely out of breath . because all he thought be on find juliet as quickly as possible , he do not notice that shake and speare be keep watch from across the street . shake Zound ! forsooth , be not that the scoundrel Rover ? speare perhaps we should exeunt stage leave . shake to Lord tyger 's ? 75 . speare exactamundo ! as Rover enter the catacomb , shake and speare laugh menacingly and head out to find tyger . int . catacomb the catacomb be a dark and somber place . the tunnel go lower and lower , light by spooky torch . frighten tombstone and artifact fill the entire place . Rover look around , unsure which way to go . ext . street of verona mercury and benny be mope beside the river when a huge mass of angry cat , lead by shake and speare and tyger run over the bridge near they . mercury swat benny with he tail . MERCURY come on ! benny what do you think they be up to ? MERCURY I do not know . but it can not be anything good . mercury and benny head after the cat , whistling to other stray to come with they . int . catacomb Rover be deeper in the catacomb choose between two different passageway . it 's even spookier down here . it seem like a ghost could pop out at any moment . rover juliet ? oh , juliet , where be you ? ext . hill above catacomb mercury and benny look down at the entrance to the catacomb amid a crowd of angry dog . a second later the angry cat storm in the front door . mercury and benny look at one another confuse . int . deep in catacomb just as Rover have reach the point of total frustration , he turn a corner and see a newly decorate tomb with the word '' juliet cat - pulet '' write above it . meanwhile upstair ... the cat have gather for a pep-talk . 76 . tyger guy ! the cat stand in line , shoulder to shoulder . tyger address they like a all -star wrestler . he be so angry he vein bulge out of he neck . tyger we be gonna crush he ! then we be gonna mush he ! and then we be gonna flush he ! a confuse cat turn to another cat . confuse cat who ? tyger the pooch you moron ! shake the pooch ! speare the pooch ! tyger my kingdom for that pooch !! shake turn to speare . shake he 's kind of get the hang of this ... all the cat charge ! the cat scatter throughout the catacomb in a mad frenzy . ext . catacomb - sunset the dove finally get Flyer to the front door , set he gently on the front step . flyer so she 's in here ? the dove nod pensively . Flyer open the front door and look in to the spooky catacomb . flyer oooh . dark. spooky . remind I of home . ( to the dove ) Care to join I ? the dove shake they head and high - tail it . 77 . int . juliet 's tomb Rover solemnly approach the tomb and find juliet laid out on a golden pedestal . she look lovely . Big tear come to Rover 's eye . rover oh juliet . look at you . there be not anything I would not give just to hear you purr once again . he kiss juliet lightly on the cheek . suddenly , juliet begin to purr ever so softly . Rover look at she completely shocked . rover juliet ? be that you ? why ... why you be purring ! you whisker be move ! juliet open she eye . rover juliet , you be alive ! juliet of course I be alive . they hug each other ecstatically ! then Rover look at she again , unable to believe that he dream have come true . rover but ... but ... I do not understand ... a wave of recognition spread across Rover 's face . rover maybe it 's true what they say about cat . juliet what ? rover that you have nine life . juliet I only have one life , Rover . but I want to spend that life with you . rover then how do you ... juliet I could not do it . I just could not drink all of that ... at that very moment , tyger 's platoon turn the corner and see Rover . juliet , still back in she tomb , be not visible to the charge cat . 78 . tyger there he be ! as the cat near , Rover turn to juliet . rover come on ! juliet try to get up but stumble . obviously , the potion have not completely wear off yet . juliet I can not yet . run ! Rover look at she longingly again . juliet ( cont would ) Rover , go ! Rover finally turn and sprint further down the passageway . the cat be right behind he . juliet try to get they attention ... juliet ( cont would ) tyger , guy ! stop ... ... but tyger be too focus on the chase , and juliet be too weak . the pursuit leave she behind . in another part of the catacomb Flyer be solicit help from some of he brethren who hang upside down in a passageway . flyer hey lenny . how 's it hang ? lenny not so bad . flyer you know where juliet 's tomb be ? lenny gesture with he eye . lenny thataway . flyer thanks ! meanwhile ... Rover be lose ground . the snarling pack of cat nip at he heal as he duck down yet another tunnel . 79 . near the tomb Flyer come across juliet who be now able to walk . flyer juliet ! juliet oh , Flyer , you gotta help I . flyer what ? juliet they be try to kill Rover ! flyer who ? juliet my family ! they go down there ! flyer come on . at the end of the tunnel Rover come to a dead end . he 's trap ! the cat corner he against the wall . tyger come to the front of the pack . tyger well do , henchcat ! tyger practice elongate he nail as he do into the dart board before . tyger now we be go to have a little fun ! Rover look at tyger 's nail and be terrify . just down the tunnel a little later juliet and Flyer have find Rover and the pack . they huddle in the shadow and come up with a plan . flyer you get it ? juliet I think so . flyer you be not go to get scared ? juliet I will try . 80. flyer all right then . let 's go . at the end of the tunnel , the cat have Rover 's four limb pin to the wall . a bull -eye have be draw on Rover 's chest . tyger stand behind a line draw in the dirt and prepare to throw ... all of a sudden we hear a terrifying screech ! all the cat turn and see Flyer , who have convert himself into a horrifying vampire bat ! he bare he fang and dive in on the cat . they scatter in a flash . flyer ( cont would ) I vant to suck you blood ! tyger be the only cat who can keep he cool . tyger guy , do not panic . bat do not suck blood . they do not ! flyer I live with ghost . I bring the dead back to life ! Flyer now point over to juliet , who walk into the group of cat like a zombie and moan like a ghost . juliet tyyyy -gerrrr .... tyyyy -gerrrr ... this be too much for even the toughest cat . tyger and the whole crew run for they life . juliet oh , Flyer , you do it ! Flyer revert to he adorable self . flyer aw shuck ... juliet you see how much better plan work out if you make they yourself ? she frees Rover and hug he . rover I think you say all that vampire stuff be untrue . flyer well ... so I fibbe a little . come on , let get out of here . at juliet 's tomb 81 . tyger discover that juliet be not there . a suspicious look come over he face . he head upstairs at a quick pace . ext . outside catacomb - night Rover open a manhole and let juliet out . just when the lover think they be home free ... now the dog be after they . mercury and benny and they hoodlum surround juliet . MERCURY hey , we get ourselves a cat -pulet ! ( to juliet ) do not you know it 's not safe to be out alone ? but Rover come out of the manhole now and step between he friend and juliet . rover mercury , do not hurt she ! MERCURY but she 's a cat ! rover it do not matter if she 's a cat . this fight between we species have go on long enough ! MERCURY why , you sound like ... like a cat lover ! Rover look at juliet . rover perhaps I be . MERCURY then in my book , you be as good as a cat . rover ( hurt ) mercury ... benny ( turn to mercury ) good as a cat ? what be you say ? MERCURY I be say ... get they ! all the dog but benny pounce after Rover and juliet , but the young lover make a few elusive maneuver and dash down the street . benny trail behind the pack , almost hope for Rover and juliet . a moment later , Flyer come out of the manhole only to discover that another chase be happen . 82 . flyer oh now come on ! be not this get just a little bit ridiculous ? but he flap he way down the street to do what he can . ext . a few block away Rover and juliet be run down a narrow street , which turn into a dead end . juliet , of course , leap to a balcony and then to a roof top . Rover be leave below in the street . and the dog be close in ... juliet come on Rover ! jump ! rover I can not ! it 's too high ! juliet no it 's not . just ... just ... believe you be a cat . rover believe I be a cat ? juliet that 's all you will need . trust I . Rover back away from the wall to take a run start . mercury and he thug be close in . rover believe I ama cat . believe I be a cat . Rover start run toward the wall . juliet hurry , Rover ! rover meow , meow , meow ... take off just a few foot from the wall , Rover jump high into the air just as the dog swipe at he and miss . rover meeeeeeeeowwwwwwww ! and he soar almost magically through the air , landing on the rooftop next to juliet . juliet you do it ! rover I do ? 83. juliet you do ! the dog bark below . in a instant Flyer have catch up to they . flyer come on you guy ! we be not out of the wood yet . in fact , the wood have get even thicker ! Rover 's heroic leap to the rooftop have catch the eye of tyger and he goons who be head back to the cat -pulet house . ext . street of verona now all the cat and all the dog be chase Rover and juliet through town . as the commotion pass the cat-pulet 's house and the mongrel 's alley , Rover and juliet 's parent join the chase . pretty soon it seem like every animal in town be run after Rover and juliet . they storm through market , house , garden , restaurant , church ... you name it ! all of verona be be turn upside down . ext . arched bridge finally , as Rover and juliet run out onto the bridge , the cat come up from one side and the dog from the other . Rover and juliet be trap ! Flyer try to get to they , put a dog swishes he tail , knock Flyer headfirst into the muddy riverbank . a complete circle have be make around the lover now . they know they have nowhere to go . after a moment , Lady and Lord cat - pulet and Big daddy and mama mongrel come to the front . they all stare at they child with disapproval . rover ( to he parent ) do not hurt she ! juliet ( to she parent ) do not hurt he ! lord cat -pulet what 's go on here ? big daddy mongrel yeah . what be go on here ? rover well , the truth be ... Rover turn to Lady cat-pulet . 84 . rover Mom ... lady cat - pulet Mom ? rover ( to Lord cat - pulet ) dad ... lord cat - pulet dad ?! ( to juliet ) juliet , what be the meaning of this ? big daddy mongrel ( fold he paw ) I would really like to know myself . juliet the truth be ... ( gulping ) +.. we be marry . all the parent what ! I !!! the two mother instantly faint to the ground ! all the dog and cat square off with one another . a fight could break out at any second . the two father look at one another accusingly . lord cat -pulet this be all you fault , mongrel ! big daddy mongrel well maybe if you know how to lock up you daughter ! Rover and juliet restrain they father . juliet stop ! please ! rover can not you see that this fight between we dog and cat be ridiculous ? juliet all you have to do be just ... open you eye ... Lady cat - pulet and mama mongrel , who have fall side by side , regain consciousness and look one another in the eye juliet ( cont would ) ++. and look at each other ... 85 . Lord cat - pulet and Big daddy mongrel turn and look at one another too . in fact , every dog on the bridge turn and look at the cat he or she be about to fight with . juliet ( cont would ) ++. you would see ... the tension on the bridge begin to ease . all the dog and cat reach out to one another , much like a person look at himself in the mirror . juliet ( cont would ) we be really very much alike . Doc and benny gaze at one another . so do the mother ... juliet ( cont would ) much more alike than we be different ... unfortunately , tyger and mercury be not so enchant by the sudden inter-specy love - fest . they look at one another distrustfully . as they paw come out to touch ... tyger elongate he nail right into mercury 's eye ! tyger bulls-eye ! mercury reel back in pain . a dark look of fury spread across he face ... tyger ( cont would ) or should I say , '' dog - eye '' ? benny see that mercury 's get completely steamed . benny mercury , no ! but it 's too late . mercury jump on tyger , start a full out brawl ! dog and cat be jump in from everywhere now . Rover and juliet try to get thing calm down again ... juliet guy , stop ! rover do not , please ! but it 's no use . screech and growls be hear come from every direction . Dog and cat limb emerge from a grow puff of smoke . juliet end up get knock down and nearly trample . Rover run to she . rover ( cont would ) juliet ! 86 . juliet oh , Rover . they look around themselves . they worst nightmare have come to pass . they hold each other , on the verge of tear . Flyer meanwhile , have finally extract himself from the mud . he fly up to the bridge a completely unrecognizable blob . look down on the battle below , Flyer summon a almost supernatural strength , and bellow out a enormous yell . flyer stop !! all the animal turn and look . when Flyer finally shake the mud off himself and the animal see that he be a bat , they recoil in shocked fear . flyer ( cont would ) no ! do not be afraid of I . listen to I . but they do not seem to want to listen . a few animal bolt into the wood . flyer ( cont would ) I be not scary . I be not ... suddenly from above , we hear a loud whistle . a second later the two dove flutter down and put they wing around Flyer , just as he have try to put he wing around they earlier . the other animal of verona take this as a sign and begin to grow less frighten of Flyer . flyer ( cont would ) we should not be so distrustful of each other . we should not be afraid of each other for no reason . dog ... cat ... any of we . you see what can happen ? Flyer turn and point toward town . Romeo and juliet 's funeral procession be make its way through the street of verona . all the montague and capulet march behind a veile hearse . as the procession make its way across the bridge , the animal part somberly and let it pass . flyer ( cont would ) be that what we want to happen to we , too ? Lord cat-pulet and Big daddy mongrel look at one another for a moment . then they turn and begin follow the procession . all the other animal of verona trail behind they as well . ext . hill overlooking verona the funeral procession come to a halt at the top of the hill . the entire city of verona can be see below . 87. as the cat and dog follow Flyer , the procession of mourner begin to part to each side , allow Rover and juliet to see for the first time the grave of romeo and juliet . two tombstone bear the lover 's name . rover Romeo ... juliet juliet ... the capulet and the montague lay red rose on each grave . the family turn and look at one another . lord capulet o brother Montague , give I thy hand ... Lord Montague and Lord capulet take each other 's hand , while they wife weep in each other 's arm . the Prince address both family . prince never be a story of more woe , than that of juliet and she Romeo ... the Prince and the Friar lead the two family back down the hill . once enemy , the capulet and the montague be now join in they sorrow . when the human be go , the dog and cat approach the grave , encircle Rover and juliet . Flyer hover above the couple . flyer cat-Pulet , mongrel . do not make the same mistake that the family of Romeo and juliet make . Flyer hover between the cat and dog . flyer this war between cat and dog , what good be it ? can anyone even remember how it begin ? the cat and dog scratch they head . flyer the time for peace have come . you be one family now . bring together by the love of Rover for juliet , and juliet for Rover . what possibly could be a better reason to forget you difference than that ? Flyer nudge Rover with he wing . 88 . flyer Rover ... ( whisper ) go make nice with you in - law . Rover walk over to Lord cat-pulet . rover Lord cat - pulet , I love you daughter very much and promise to always be good to she . Lord cat - pulet look at he wife , then back at Rover . lord cat -pulet I never think I have be say this toa mongrel , but ... welcome to the family , son ! Lord cat - pulet and Rover embrace . the cat meow and the dog bark with joy . big daddy ( to juliet ) come give you big daddy a hug ! juliet get a giant hug from Big daddy . everyone be happy , except for tyger and mercury . Flyer notice this and nudge they together . flyer boy , do not you have something you can say to each other ? I mean you be brother now . tyger and mercury try to think of something . tyger like milk ? MERCURY give I gas . Bones ? tyger not a chance . flyer well , this may take a while ... Big daddy and Lord cat - pulet have they paw around each other 's shoulder . big daddy come . let 's return to verona . together . the cat and dog begin to walk down the hill . then Big daddy turn around and look up at Flyer . 89 . big daddy be not you come , Flyer ? if it be not for you , none of this would be possible rover hey , that 's true ! everyone look up and agree . juliet Three cheer for Flyer ! everyone cheer . Flyer turn bright red . flyer come on now ... you be make I blush ! ext . verona people be shocked as they watch the dog and cat walk side by side through the city together . Rover and juliet turn to one another and smile . Flyer be above they , fill with joy . flyer ( v.o. ) well I guess we be one up on ol 's William S . at least we story have a happy end . and not just for the cat-Pulet and the mongrel ... int . villa - montage the capulet be play with they cat . Lady capulet bring juliet up to she face and smile . tyblat be petting Doc . flyer ( v.0 . ) the capulet finally notice they cat and find comfort in they company . it help to make the lose of they daughter a little less painful . ext . piazza - montage Lord Montague see the Butcher yell at Rover . he walk over , pay the Butcher for he steak , and take Rover in he arm . flyer ( v.o . ) the same can be say of the montague . they have not forget that Rover be they son 's favorite stray . int . montague 's villa - montage Rover life in the lap of luxury . a servant feed he steak and a gold water bowl with he name on it . 90 . flyer ( v.o . ) as a way of remember Romeo , the family take Rover in and shower he with affection . they make a little puppy 's dream of live inside come true . Rover wait until the servant have go , then let the rest of he family in through the doggy door . flyer ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) so you see ? sometimes thing turn out better than anyone could have ever expect . oops , I just remember . there 's one more page to this story ... ext . cat - pulet garden - night the cat-pulet and the mongrel throw a huge bash . outside the gate , juliet wait . a few second later , Rover show up . rover sorry I be late . it be filet mignon tonight . juliet that 's all right . I have get some great news . the capulet be take I on a trip with they to Rome . rover wow . that 's great . just be careful around the coliseum . I hear its crawl with bachelor cat . juliet ooh ... jealous ? rover a little . juliet snuggle close to Rover . juliet ready ? rover ready . they kiss and walk into the party . just then ... everyone surprise !!! a banner roll down . it read , ' congratulation rover and juliet ! 's juliet it 's a wedding reception ! 91 . rover for we ! juliet would you care to dance ? rover absolutely ... the penguin orchestra play they song . juliet and Rover be join by other cat and dog dance together . Flyer hover above and watch the joyous celebration . a moment later , he hear somebody coo for he . Flyer turn and find a pretty female dove smile and give he the eye . flyer ah , verona ! what a town ! and they sail off into the starry night . the end