" braveheart " by randall wallace early draft fade in : ext . the scottish countryside - day Epic beauty : cobalt mountain beneath a glower purple sky fringe with pink , as if the cloud be a lid too small for the earth ; a cascade landscape of boulder shroud in deep green grass ; and the blue loch , reflect the sky . we hear a voice , husky , Scottish ... voice over I will tell you of William wallace . ext . macandrews farm - day a farmhouse and a large barn lie nestle in a Scottish valley . Riding down the road that lead in from opposite side be Scottish noblemen in full regalia : eye-popping tartan , sparkling chestplate . even the horse be drape in scarlet . behind each nobleman ride a single page boy . voice over historian from England will say I be a liar . but history be write by that who have hang heroes . another noble ride in from the opposite side . two more appear down the road , converge on the barn . voice over the King of Scotland have die without a son , and the king of England , a cruel pagan know as Edward the longshank , claim the throne for himself . Scotland 's noble fight he , and fight each other , over the crown . so longshank invite they to talk of truce . no weapon , one page only . the noble eye each other cautiously , but the truce hold . they enter the barn , with they page ... ext . scottish farm - day nestled in emerald hill be the thatched roof house and barn and outbuilding of a well - run farm . the farmer , malcolm wallace , and he nineteen - year- old son JOHN , both strong , tough man , be riding away from the farm . they hear hoof behind they and turn to see a boy riding after they . voice over among the farmer of that shire be malcolm wallace , a commoner , with he own land and two son : John ... we favor JOHN wallace , the nineteen - year - old sit easily on he horse , beside he father ... voice over ... and William . william , a skinny eight - year - old riding bareback , catch up to he father and older brother . father told ya to stay . william I finish my chore . where we goin ' ? father macandrews ' . he be suppose to visit when the truce be over . they ride on , over the lush hill . ext . the macandrews farm - day the horse be all go ; the place look desert . up on the hill we see the three wallace , look down . father stay here . he mean William . he and he elder son spur they horse . at the barn - day the wallace ride up , look around . father macandrews !... macandrews !? malcolm find a pitchfork , John the woodpile axe ... int . the barn Pov from within as the door open and a widen block of sunlight illuminate the dusty shadow . malcolm and John wallace step in , and be shocked to see ... Pov the wallace hanging from the rafter of the barn be thirty Scottish noblemen and thirty page , they face purple and contort by the strangulation hang , they tongue protrude . malcolm stab the pitchfork into the ground in useless anger ; John still grip the axe as he follow he father through the hang body of the noblemen to the back row , to see the one man in commoner 's dress , like theirs ... father macandrews . a shuffle ; John spin ; William have enter the back door . JOHN William ! get out of here ! william why would macandrews make so many scarecrow ? before he father and brother can think of anything to say , William , with a boy 's curiosity , touch the spur foot of the hang noblemen we first see riding in . it 's too solid ; he take a real look at the face , and suddenly -- william R -- real !!!... ahhhhhgggg !... he turn to run , but knock back into the foot of the hang man behind he ! in blind panic he dart in another direction , and run into another corpse , and another ; the hang man begin to swing , make it harder for William 's father and older brother to fight they way to he . father William ! William ! then , worst of all , William see the page , boy like himself , hang in a row behind they master ! finally he father and brother reach William and hug he tight . there in the barn , among the swinging body of the hang noble , malcolm wallace grip he son . father murderin ' English bastard . CUT to : ext . wallace farmhouse - night the cottage look peaceful , the window glow yellow into the night . from outside the house we see John rise and close the shutter of the kitchen , where man be gather . we pan up to the upper bedroom window ... inside that bedroom Young William be in nightmarish sleep . he mumble in smother terror ; he twitches . we see he nightmare in the blue-grays of he dream , William stand at the door of the barn , gaze at the hang knight . we whip pan to they face , garish , horrible ... then one of the head move and its eye open ! William want to run , but he can not get he body to respond ... and the hang nobleman , he bloat tongue still burst through he lip , moan ... ghoul will --iam ...! william tear himself from sleep ; look around , swallow back he tear and panic . in the kitchen a dozen strong , tough farmer have huddle . red-headed campbell , scar and miss finger , be stir up , while he friend macclannough be reluctant . campbell wallace be right ! we fight them ! macclannough every nobleman who have any will to fight be at that meeting . malcolm wallace so it 's up to we ! we show they we will not lie down to be they slave ! macclannough we can not beat a army , not with the fifty farmer we can raise ! malcolm wallace we do not have to beat them , just fight them . to show them we be not dog , but man . Young wallace have snuck down and be eavesdropp from the stair . he see he father drip he finger into a jug of whiskey and use the wet finger to draw on the tabletop . malcolm wallace they have a camp here . we attack they at sunset tomorrow . give we all night to run home . ext . wallace farm - day malcolm and John have saddle horse ; they be check the short sword they have tuck into grain sack when William come out of the barn with he own horse . malcolm William , you be stay here . william I can fight . this word from he youngest son make malcolm pause , and kneel , to look into William 's eye . malcolm aye . but it 's we wit that make we man . I love ya , boy . you stay . malcolm and John mount they horse and ride away , leave William look forlorn . they wave ; he wave back . ext scottish hill , near the wallace farm - day it 's strangely quiet , until William and he friend hamish campbell , a red-headed like he father , race up the hillside and duck in among a grove of tree . breathless , gasp , they press they back to the tree bark . William peer around a tree , then shrink back and whisper ... william they be come ! hamish how many ? william Three , maybe more ! hamish armed ? william they're English soldier , be not they ? hamish with you father and brother go , they will kill we and burn the farm ! william it 's up to we , hamish ! hamish lean forward for a look , but William pull he back . william not yet ! here he come , be ready ! they wait ; heavy footstep . then from around the edge of the grove three enormous , ugly hog appear . the boy hurl rotten egg . the egg slap the snout of the pig , who scatter as the boy charge , howling . we pull back ... as the sun go down on they play . ext . the wallace house - sundown the boy walk toward the house , beneath a lavender sky . hamish wanna stay with I tonight ? william I wanna have supper waitin' . hamish we will get that English pig tomorrow . william aye , we will get them . ext . house - night William 's face appear at the window , look toward the distant hill of tree and heather , where there be no sign of life . int . the house - night William have cook stew in a pot , and now spoon up two steaming bowl full and set they out on the table . but he be only hope . he look out the window again ; he be still all alone . so he leave a candle burn on the table beside the stew , and move up the stair . ext . farmhouse - dawn the house be silent , fog roll around it in the dawn . int . farmhouse - dawn William have be awake all night , afraid to sleep . he rise , and in quick cut : he dress ; he move down the hall , stop at the door of he father 's bedroom and see the undisturbed bed . he move on , pass the door of he brother 's room , also unrumple . in the kitchen he find the two cold bowl of stew , beside the exhaust candle . he spoon up he own cold porridge , and eat alone . ext . house - day William be in the barn loft , shoveling corn down to feed the hog , while he glimpsis something come . the boy' Pov a ox cart be come down the curving lane . its driver be Campbell , with macclannough walk behind it . the farmer glance up at William , they face grim ... from he perch in the loft , William see that the neighbor have bring : the body of he father and brother . the cart stop ; Campbell , with a bandage around he leave hand where more of he finger be now miss , study the back of the ox , as if it could tell he how to break such news . the butt of the ox seem to tell he to be matter - of - fact . campbell William ... come down here , lad . William look away , he take quick breath , he look back ... but the body be still there . ext . house - day it 's now surround by horse , wagon , and neighbor . the undertaker arrive in he hearse . int . the shed - day on a table the undertaker have laid out the body and be prepare they . cloth around the lower jaw and top of the head bind they mouth shut ; penny cover they eye . softly , William enter the shed , draw to he father and brother . Campbell follow he in , want to stop he -- but what can he say now ? the undertaker go on with he work . William approach the table ; the body do not look real to he . he see the wound . the dry blood . the undertake pour water from a bowl and scrub off the blood . but the wound remain . ext . graveside - day close on a grave , with a headstone mark anne wallace . we include the two new grave freshly dig beside it , and see the mourner gather before they . the sight of the boy , stand alone in front of the grave of he dead mother , as the body of he father and brother be lower with rope into the ground beside she , have all of the neighbor shake . the local parish priest drone mechanically in Latin . the farmer who be secretly gather in malcolm wallace 's kitchen the previous night be now glance at William ; but no one be anxious to adopt a grieve , a rebellious boy . behind macclannough be he wife and two daughter ; he youngest be barely four , not half William 's age ; she 's a beautiful girl with long auburn hair , and she cling to she own mother 's hand , as if the open grave be the mouth of death and might suck she parent in too . priest ... restare in pacem eternis , amen . with the final amen , the neighbor drift from the graveside , pull they Children along , to give William a last moment of private grief before the grave digger cover the body . the boy stand alone over the open grave , he heart so shattered that he can scarcely cry ; a single tear make its way down he face . and the tiny girl feel for William in a way that the adult cannot . from the ground she pull a Scottish thistle , move to the softly weep William and place the beautiful wild blossom in he hand . William look up and they young eye meet ; she sad blue eye hold William 's as the grave digger cover the body . then a lone , mount figure appear at the crest of the hill above they . tall , thin and angular , in black clerical garb , he look like the grim reaper . the girl hurry back to she mother 's side ; everyone watch in silence as the figure ride down to they . he be argyle wallace . he look like a human buzzard , he face craggy , permanently furious . priest you must be the relative of the decease ... William , this be you uncle argyle . argyle glower at the man , dismount , and glare at William . William stare up at this frightening figure . they be interrupt by the ominous sound of approach horse ; a dozen mount English soldier , armed with lance , be approach . argyle rattles to the priest ... argyle you be wise to hurry . the soldier ride right in among the mourner and stare down from they saddle , haughty , menace , they leader brusque . leader someone dead from this household ? argyle we just have a funeral , be not that what it mean in England as well ? leader what it mean in England -- and in Scotland too -- be that rebel have forfeit they land . we be ambush last night . but the Scots drag they dead away . argyle my brother and nephew perish two day ago , when they hay cart turn over . leader then we will just have a peek at the wound . ( to he man ) dig them up ! argyle they have be sanctify and bury in the holy rite of God 's church , and any hand that disturb they now take on eternal damnation . so please -- do it . outmaneuvered , the leader rein he horse away . several of the farmer spit on the ground . argyle glare at they . argyle funeral 's over . go home . int . the kitchen - night William and argyle be sit at the table , eat . argyle have laid out a proper meal , with exact place setting . argyle not that spoon , that one 's for soup . dip away from you . and do not slurp . argyle sit down and begin to dine with the boy . argyle we will sleep here tonight . you will come home with I . we will let the house , and the land too ; plenty of willing neighbor . william I do not want to leave . argyle do not want you father to die either , do ya ? but it happen . argyle push he food away ; he have no appetite now . argyle do the priest say anything about the resurrection ? or be it all about judgment ? william it be in Latin , sir . argyle non loquis latinum ? you do not speak Latin ? we have to fix that , will not we ? ( beat ) do he give the poetic benediction ? the Lord bless thee and keep thee ? patris benefactum et -- ( beat ) ... it be malcolm 's favorite . int . william' bedroom - night argyle know nothing about tucking a boy in bed ; he stand awkwardly idle as William scrub he face at the washstand and crawl into bed . william good night , uncle . argyle grunt and start out . then he stop , turn back , lean down over William ... and with great tenderness the grizzle old uncle kiss he nephew on he hair . int . the kitchen - night argyle sit by the hearth , stare at the ember . he hold the huge broadsword that belong to he brother . he look at the handle , like a cross . he whisper ... argyle " the Lord bless thee and keep thee ... " tear of grief spill down the old man 's cheek . int . the hanging barn - in william' dream once again the boy stand in the doorway of the barn , look at the garish , hang face in he nightmare . then a mangle hand come from behind he and grasp he shoulder , William gasp , but the hand hold he gently . he turn to see he father , and he brother ! they be wounded , bloody , but they smile at he ; they be alive ! weeping in joy , William reach to hug they , but he father stretch forth a forbid hand . William keep reach out helplessly . his father and brother move past he to the hang knight . two empty noose be there . before the boy 's weep eye they put they head into the noose , and hoist themselves up . William 's grief explode ; he tear erupt and he wake in he bedroom tear flooding down he face . a dream ! still upset , still grieve , he get up and go look for he uncle . int . house - night William move down to the room where he uncle would be sleep . he open the door . the bed have be sleep in -- but he uncle be not there . he move downstairs to the kitchen but he uncle be not there either . then William hear a strange , haunt sound - distant , carry by the wind . he move to the window and see only moonlight . he open the window and hear it more clearly : bagpipe . William light a candle and throw open the door . wind rush in , blow out he candle . but he hear the pipe , louder in the wind . ext . wallace house - night William be barefoot and in only he nightshirt ; but the sound of the pipe be grow louder . he move through the moonlight , draw toward -- the graveyard ! he stop as he realize this , then force himself on . ext . graveyard - night William move to the top of the hill where he ancestor be bury , and discover a haunt scene : two dozen man , the farmer / warrior of he neighborhood , be gather in kilt -- and among they , a core of bagpiper . the pipe wail a ancient Scottish dirge , a tune of grief and redemption , a melody know to we as " amazing Grace . " uncle argyle have hear they and walk out too ; he stand at the fringe of the torchlight , still hold the massive broadsword . he glance down , notice William as the boy move up beside he . William whisper ... william what be they do ? argyle say goodbye in they own way -- in outlaw tartan , with outlaw pipe , play outlaw tune . the farmer file by the graveside , crossing themselves , each whisper he own private prayer . argyle whisper , half to William , and half to himself ... argyle you daddy and I , we see we own father bury like this , dead from fight the English . William take the sword from he uncle , and try to lift it . slowly , argyle take the sword back . argyle first learn to use this . he tap William on the temple with the tip of he finger . argyle then I will teach you to use this . with a expert 's easy fluidity , he lift the huge sword . it glisten in the torchlight . the music play , the note hang in the air , swirl in the Scottish breeze as if rise towards the star ... ext . wallace farm - day William and he uncle ride off in a farm wagon . William have a bundle of clothes in he lap , and glance at he uncle as if afraid of he disapproval if he look back . but he do glance back just once , to see the desert farmhouse . dissolve to : int . westminster abbey - royal wedding - day amid the scarlet and ermine robe of officiate lord , with gemstone sparkling everywhere , we hear ... voice over twelve year later , longshank supervise the wedding of he eldest son , also name Edward , who would succeed he to the throne . longshanks , King of England , stand in the jewele light of the ancient Abbey . known as longshank because of the spindly leg that make he almost seven foot tall , he have a hawk 's nose and a snake 's eye , punctuate a face of distinct cruelty . historian of he day consider he and the line of plantagenets from which he come to be devil worshiper . voice over as bride for he son , longshank have choose a relative of he rival , the king of France . genevieve , a nineteen - year - old virgin of stupendous beauty move down the aisle , the light in she face outshine she blindingly white wedding gown . as she reach the altar she hand tremble , but she maintain she poise and control . she look toward edward , Prince of Wale . pampere young man surround he as he retinue . he take she hand coldly and go through the ceremony under he father 's stare . voice over it be widely whisper that for the princess to conceive , longshank would have to do the honors himself . that may have be what he have in mind all along . the ceremony conclude , attendant lift back the bride 's veil . her wedding day , the ultimate moment -- and Prince Edward ignore she , to turn back to he friend . but prompt by one of the sour lord , he lean over and peck he new princess on the cheek . for a instant , we see in she eye that she heart be die . but she keep she poise . voice over have see to he obligation to provide for a successor , longshank set about he fondest business -- to crush Scotland , and turn he power against France ... close - a map of the british isle longshank ' narrow finger jab Scotland . longshanks Scotland ! scot-land ! we be in the -- int . royal english palace - day longshank be be listen to by he advisor , all in the outrageous splendor of royal military dress , and all deathly afraid of he . longshanks the french will grovel to anyone with strength ! but how will they credit we strength when we can not rule the whole of we own island ?! he punch the map , then see the princess enter softly . longshanks where be my son ? princess you pardon , m'lord , he ask I to come in he stead . longshank ' eye expand in fury ; it be frightening to see . longshanks I send for he -- and the little coward send you ?! princess shall I leave , m'lord ? longshanks if he want he queen to rule , then you stay and learn how ! I will deal with he . he spin back toward he general . ignore , the princess settles silently onto the cushion of the window seat . longshanks noble be the key to the Scottish door . grant they noble land here in England . give we own noble estate in the north . make they too greedy to oppose we . one old advisor speak up hesitantly . old advisor sire ... we noble will be reluctant to relocate . New land mean new tax , and they be tax already for we war in France . longshank glare at he , but take the point . the wheel grind in he brain ; he dark eye fall on the princess , he be inspire . longshanks perhaps it 's time to reinstitute a old custom . grant they prima noct , " first night . " when any common girl inhabit they land be marry , we lord shall have sexual rights to she on the night of she wedding . that should fetch just the kind of lord we want in Scotland . int . prince edward royal apartment - day the prince and a muscular young friend , phillip , be stripped to the waist and fencing . they pay no attention to the knock , or to the princess as she enter . she watch they -- they be dance more than fencing . Edward lose he sword ; it clatter to the polished floor . he look up at he wife , as if angry at she for have see he clumsiness . edward what be it ?! princess you direct I to report to you the moment the king 's conference be end . edward so I do ! and what be so important about it ? princess Scotland . he intend -- but Edward and he friend be fencing again , the clanging of they blunt sword so loud that she can not hear herself . princess he intend to grant -- Edward lose he weapon again , and whirl on she . edward shut up , would you ! how can I concentrate ?! princess ... his majesty be quite keen that you should understand -- edward all so very boring ! he want I to learn to fight too , so let I do it ! for a instant , anger flare into she eye . she glance at Edward , and at the young man with he , then lower she eye and start to back out . but Edward have notice . edward stop there . she stop , but do not raise she eye . edward do you disapprove of Phillip ? he lift he hand and draw he friend Phillip to he side . still the princess do not lift she eye . princess ( barely audible ) no , m'lord . edward look at I . I say look at I ! she lift she eye . but she could not brace herself enough for what she see : Edward nuzzling Phillip , the prince 's bare chest to he muscular friend 's bare back , both man glisten with sweat and sexual excitement . the princess 's eye quiver ... but she do not look away . edward now , my flower , do you understand ? princess yes . I have think that ... I be loathsome to you . perhaps I be . if I may be excuse , m'lord . edward you may . she start to leave , as quietly as she come . but she husband call after she . edward do not worry , m'e Lady , it be my royal responsibility to breed . and I assure you , when the time come , I shall ... manage . she close the door softly , on she husband and he lover . voice over now in Edinburgh be gather the council of Scottish noble ... establishing council - day the picturesque heart of Scotland , with its castle on a fairy tale plateau above the firth of forth . int . edinburgh castle - day the noble be gather around a huge table . they rise at the entrance of young ROBERT the bruce , a handsome young man , full of intelligence and power . voice over among this be Robert , the 17th Earl of Bruce , a lead contender for the crown of Scotland . Robert stride to he seat in the center of the table , and the other settle in respectfully . mornay , another young warrior , give he a bow , as do craig , a grizzle noble . craig Young Robert , we be honore -- ROBERT my father hear that longshank have grant prima noct . craig clearly mean to draw more of he supporter here . mornay the balliol clan have endorse the right , lick longshank ' boot so he will support they claim to the throne . if we make a show of opposition , the commoner will favor we . ROBERT it be too soon to step out alone . my father believe we must lull longshank into confidence , by neither support he decree nor oppose it . craig a wise plan . and how be you father ? we have miss he at the council . ROBERT he strain he leg so that it pain he to ride . but he send he greeting -- and say that I speak for all the bruce . and for Scotland . ext . scottish village , at the edge of town - day flute and dance ; laughter and garland ; village family have gather for a wedding celebration -- we see the happy bride and groom . farmer cart in fresh bread and hoop of cheese ; villager arrive with cask of beer or string of smoke fish . and watch the people be ubiquitous English soldier , battlescar veteran with miss eye and ear . Riding along the road come William wallace . grown now , a man . he sit he horse as if bear there , he back straight , he hand relaxed on the rein . he have a look of lean , ripple power . he look dangerous . and the soldier notice he , nudging each other as he pass . he carry a dead wild goose hang across he saddle ; he stop he horse at the edge of the clear and survey the scene . farmer be roasting a pig ; woman be compare handiwork ; young man be toss huge stone in the traditional highland game -- and everyone be notice William 's arrival , especially the farm woman with daughter of marriageable age . among that watch William arrive be Campbell , grow older now ; and with he old rebel friend , macclannough . William dismount and tie he horse to a willow . one of the English soldier shove William from behind . soldier hey boy ! you hunt this bird ? William 's eye fix themselves on the soldier . soldier it 's against the law for Scots to own bow . you shot this bird ? his buddy , enjoy they role as intimidator , grab the bird and begin to search it for evidence . william I hit it in the head . with a rock . they do not believe that -- but they can not find any puncture wound on the bird . William reach he hand out for the return of the bird . the soldier drop it onto the ground . slowly , William pick it up , and head into the clear . the farmer watch he come . among that notice William 's arrival , but pretend not to , be marion macclannough , grow now into a stun young woman ; she long auburn hair remind we of that year long ago ; she wear it the same way , straight and full down she back . her dress be plain , like the grass that surround a wildflower . she 's the most beautiful girl in the village , maybe in all of Scotland , and the soldier who hassle William notice she too . William reach the food table and contribute he goose to the feast . farm women eye he ; he node to one . william miz macdougal . you look well . farm woman ... William ? it 's William wallace , back home ! -- have you meet my daughter ? the daughter mention be miss tooth . William nod to she . it 's impossible for he to giver she a smile as bright as she hope , and she lower she head in disappointment . but then raise she face in surprise as William take she hand and give she a respectful bow . he move away from the table , pass through the crowd like a stranger . then he glance toward the knot of girl . he see marion . she see he , then look away . do they remember each other ? he move toward she ; she be shy , she eye downcast , but then she raise they and look at he . they move closer and closer together . just as they be about to reach each other , a huge round stone thump to the earth at Williams ' foot . he look up to see one of marion 's suitor -- the broad , muscle young man who have just toss the stone in William 's way . now everybody 's look to see how William will handle the challenge . he try to move around , but the guy cut he off . then William think he recognize the big red-head . william hamish ? it be he old friend , but hamish will not admit it , or be put off from the challenge . he point to the huge stone . hamish test of manhood . william you win . hamish ( block he ) call it a test of soldiery , then . the English will not let we train with weapon , so we train with stone . william the test of a soldier be not in he arm . it 's here . he tap he temple . hamish stretch out he hand , as if to show William something in he palm . hamish no . it 's here . with a sudden movement , he slam he fist into William 's jaw , drop he . a few man move to interfere , but Campbell , macclannough , and the other farmer who be the true leader here , stop they neighbor from interrupt . hamish stand over William , wait for he to get up . william a contest , then . William stand and hoist the huge stone , eighteen inch in diameter . strain with the effort , he lug the stone to the line scratch in the rocky field . Beyond the line be the muddy dent from previous toss . William take a run and heave the stone . it fly past the other mark in the field ; people be impressed . William look at hamish . william I still say this be no test . a catapult can throw a stone farther than a man can . hamish that depend on the man . hamish walk out , lift the stone , and lug it back to the line . he take a run and heave with a great groan ! the stone fly , pass William 's mark by a couple of foot . people laugh and whistle . William nod , impressed . william can you do it when it matter ? as it matter in battle ? could you crush a man with that throw ? hamish I could crush you like a roach . William walk to the dent make by hamish 's throw . william then do it . come , do it . hamish scowl at William , at everybody watch . he lift the stone and carry it back to the line . William stand calmly . hamish back up for he run . William yawn . hamish you will move william I will not . hamish back up a few more foot , for a longer run . farmer stewart that 's not fair ! campbell he 's tired , he should get a longer run . William seem completely unafraid . he lean down , pick up a small smooth stone and toss it up in the air casually . stung by this show of calm , hamish take furious run , and heave ! the stone fly through the air , just miss William 's head , and bury itself halfway into the earth behind he . William never flinch . the people cheer . campbell brave show ! hamish be miff ; it 's like William win . hamish I throw longer than last time ! campbell a ox be strong , but not clever . hamish a ox be stupid enough to just stand in one place . william that 's not the point . William turn , walk double the distance hamish throw , and turn and hurl the rock he hold ! it whistle through the air , hit hamish in the forehead , and drop he like a shot . william that be . everybody cheer and laugh ! they surround William . campbell a fine display , young wallace ! William take a tankard of ale from a farmer , walk over and toss the cold liquid into hamish 's face ; he wake , and , he eye uncross , accept William 's hand , pull he up . william good to see you again . hamish I should 'a remember the egg . grinning , they embrace . music play , the dance begin . William walk to the knot of young lady ... but pass marion , and move to the girl with the miss tooth . william would you honor I with a dance ? she 's thrilled to accept ; they begin to dance . girl you have take over you father 's farm ? ( beat ) they say he die long ago . Fighting the English . william he die in a accident , with my brother . they cart turn over . the musician interrupt they play ; a group of heavily armed horseman , with banner and fly color , ride up , reining they horse into the middle of the celebration . in the middle of the group be a English nobleman ; he be gray , in he fifty , and stop in front of the bride and groom . nobleman I have come to claim the right of prima noct . as the lord of this land , I will bless this marriage by take the bride into my bed on the first night of she union . Stewart , father of the bride , lunge forward . stewart no , by God ! the horseman point they lance at the unarm Scots -- who see that the English soldier from the village have move to the edge of the gather , as if to dare any resistance . nobleman it be my noble right . even unarm , Stewart be about to attack -- but the bride intervene . she grab she father and whisper to he . she move to she husband and do the same . holding back tear , she allow herself to be pull up behind one of the horseman . marion macclannough be look on , sober by she friend 's courage and sicken by she fate -- and marion be even more unsettle as she notice that one of the soldier , a particularly nasty look brute with a scar face , be leer at she . William wallace see this too . the noble and he escort ride away , and as they do it begin to rain . the celebration destroy , the Scots gather the food and disperse to they home . but wallace remain , stand in the downpour , keep he thought to himself . ext . the wallace farmhouse - magic hour the farmhouse look lonely and forlorn . William stand at the open door , and gaze out at the rain ; it leak on he , through he roof ; he do not seem to notice . ext . the macclannough house - magic hour a thatched cottage , light with a cozy fire , beneath the rain . a hand knock on the door , and macclannough open it to find William , on a horse ! macclannough frown . william good evening , sir . May I speak with you daughter ? Mrs. macclannough shoulder up beside she husband , and marion appear behind she scowling parent . william marion ... would you like to go for a ride on this fine evening ? mother the boy 's insane ! william it 's good Scottish weather , madam , the rain be fallin ' straight down . mother she absolutely may not , she will -- marion ! marion have grab a cloak off the back of the door ; she run out to hop up behind William , and they gallop away . the ride - magic hour William and marion race along the heather , up and down hill , through swollen stream . the rain stop , as the sun set ; the Scottish mist lift , revealing stun natural beauty . William stop the horse and they look out over it all together . he speak , without turn to face she . william you father do not like I , do he ? marion it 's not you . he dislike that you be a wallace . he just say ... the wallace do not seem to live for very long . william thank you for accept . marion thank you for invite . william I will invite you again , but you mother think I be crazy . marion you be . and I will come again . he linger ; he want to say something , or maybe he just do not want the moment to end . finally he spur the horse . ext . the macclannough house - night they reach the door . William hop off the horse and reach up to help she down the moment she touch the ground , they look into each other 's eye ... but the door be snatch open so quickly by she mother that there be not time for a kiss . mother marion , come in ! he walk she closer to the door . they turn and look at each other again . she wait for he to kiss she ... mother marion , come in ! she still hesitates ; he be not go to kiss she . she start in , but he grab she hand . and into it he put something he have take from he pocket ; it be wrap in flannel . he hop on he horse , glance at she , and gallop away . she stand in the open doorway ; she look down at what he leave she . she unwrap the flannel ; it be a dry thistle , the one she give he year before . ext . wallace farm - day William be re-thatching the roof of he barn , when he hear rider approach , and look down to see that it be macclannough , back by Campbell and hamish . uh-oh . macclannough Young wallace -- william Sir , I know it be strange of I to invite marion to ride last night . I assure you , I -- campbell macclannough 's daughter be another matter . we come to fetch you to a meeting . william what kind of meeting ? campbell the secret kind . William go back to repair he roof . campbell you father be a fighter . and a patriot . william I know who my father be . I come back home to raise crop . and , God willing , a family . if I can live in peace , I will . Campbell shake he head and rein he horse away , with hamish . macclannough linger . macclannough if you can keep you intention to stay out of the trouble , you may court my daughter . if you break you intention , I will kill you . macclannough ride away . William sit down on the roof , and look out at the grave of he father and brother . ext . macclannough house - night outside the half - timbere house , William stand in the shadow of moonlight and toss a pebble against the wooden upper window . marion open the shutter and slip out onto the vine , drop into William 's arm . giggle , suppress laughter , they run to the tree ... scottish highland - night Hand in hand through the heather they run , silhouettes along a ridge , they breath blow silver cloud in the moonlight , the Scottish wind whipping through they hair . they stop at a grove at the edge of a precipice , overlook a loch gleam in the moonlight . so beautiful it 's sacred . marion you have be here before ? william some night . I have dream . mostly dream I do not want . I start riding at night to fill up my mind so that when I do sleep I would dream only of the ride and the adventure . marion do it work ? william no . you do not choose you dream . you dream choose you . he look at she . they kiss suddenly , so long and hard that they tumble into the heather , roll , devour each other . through they passion ... william I want ... to marry you ! marion I ... accept you proposal ! william I be not just say it ! marion nor I ! william but I will not give you up to any nobleman . marion ( stop ) you scare I . william I do not want to scare you . I want to be yours , and you mine . every night like this one . marion this night be too beautiful to have again . william I will be with you , like this . forever . they kiss again ... ext . lanark village - day marion move through the market . English soldier admire she as she walk . she stop , look at white lace and cloth . William casually pass , poke a note in she basket . subtly she withdraw he note , and read : insert - he note tonight . by the tree . ext . marion be house - night marion slip out of the house and run to the tree , where William wait with horse . she fetch a bundle she 's stashed in the crook of a tree , and they mount and ride off . ext . ruins of a ancient church - night the church be at the base of the precipice , beside the loch . int . the church - night this ancient gaelic place of worship have be destroy by the occupy army , and yet it look devoutly holy this way , light only by candle and moonlight through the open roof . the village priest whom we see at the wedding celebration be wait at the altar . marion step into the confessional , as William move to the altar and kneel in prayer . marion emerge ; she 's change into the wedding dress she make from the cloth she buy . William stand and watch she float down the aisle ; he whole life be worth this moment . together , the two lover turn to the priest . priest you have come to pledge , each to the other , before almighty God . from within he shirt , William withdraw a strip of cloth woven in he family tartan . he and marion each lift a hand to the priest , and he bind they wrist with the cloth . william I will love you my whole life . you and no other . from she dress she take a handmade handkerchief , embroider with a thistle to look like the one she first give he that year ago . marion and I you . you and no other . forever . the Priest wait for they to go on , but neither can ; they be too take with emotion , look at each other . the Priest intone holy phrase ... priest agus bhayd lauch ... the Lord bless and keep thy love , now and forever . the lover kiss . as they break they embrace , a figure carry something dark and spiky appear at the break door of the church , and William spin as if to attack , but the Priest catch he arm ; they see the man carry bagpipe . priest I trust he -- or I would 'a kill he me'self . a weddin ' need pipe . the piper begin to play , and the tune from he primitive chanter be wispy , ethereal , beautiful . the lover look into each other 's eye , as the single melody of the pipe merge into a swell of music , underscoring montage William and marion ride the path to the top of the precipice , where , in the shelter of the grove , they spend they honeymoon . the music continue as , still sweaty from they love - make , he return she to she house just before dawn . she wave from she window , as William ride away , as we dissolve to : ext . village of lanark - day it 's market Day in the village , busy with highlander , merchant of all kind , and a few special attraction like juggler and fortune teller . marion move along a table full of flower and fruit ... William , conceal behind hang basket , watch she unseen , savore the beauty of he beloved , bathing he soul in the sight of she . then she look up and spot he , she smile sudden and luminous , before she remember to conceal it . he move up beside she . william I have miss you . marion shush . it 's only be a day . ( beat ) and it 's seem like forever . william tonight then . marion my parent be grow suspicious ! I can not keep meeting you every night ! playfully he poke he finger under the collar of she dress , pull up the strip of check cloth he give she at they wedding , which she now wear hide around she neck . william then when ? marion ... tonight ! tuck in the cloth strip , she hurry away , smile . angle - drunken english soldier - by a ale cask - day they spot marion move through the fair , glow , beautiful . the soldier smirk at each other ; as marion pass , one of they grab she wrist . it 's the soldier with the scar , the one who 's be stare at she . soldier where be you go ... lass ? marion let go . a second drunken soldier pipe up . soldier # 2 why do not you marry my friend here ? then I will take the first night ! the scar soldier pull marion into he big arm ; she shove he away with surprising strength , and he stagger back , to the laughter of he friend . then he snatch she again and kiss she hard on the lip . she break free and slap he fiercely , hard enough to draw blood from he mouth . tasting the trickle , he sling she down against sack of grain , and the soldier be all over she , pin she down , rip she clothes , a full scale public gang rape . as the townspeople try to move in the three soldier wait they turn at marion pull they knife , keep they townspeople back . soldier # 1 bitch , who do you think you be ? he slam he mouth down against hers for a long , awful time , come up claw at she dress to rip it from she body ... and be hit in the face by a rock throw at great speed ! it take a moment for the other soldier to realize what just happen , and in that instant William be on they . he wrench one soldier 's arm in a direction it be never mean to go , break the elbow , separate the shoulder , and slinging the howling soldier into he comrade . two of the soldier leap at William , swinging they short sword ; William duck , knock they ale cask into they knee ; William lift the whole table where they be sit and slam it into the face of two more attacker . marion William ! she shout to warn he that the scar soldier , now bloodyface , have recover from the rock and be behind William with a knife . William sidestep the first thrust , snatch a leg from the shattered table and crush the man 's skull . market women wallace wallace ! William wallace ! but there 's no time for celebration . there 's blood and ale everywhere , and the fall soldier be yell ... fallen soldier rebel ! help ! more soldier hear the call and come run , reinforcement converge from all over the village . village folk run , William ! run ! will see the horse that pull the flower cart and throw marion up onto its back . he slap the horse 's rump and it plunge with marion into the twist village lane . William dart off through the crowd , as the magistrate and more of he soldier arrive -- dozen of they ! William pause out in the central street of the village , just long enough to be sure they have spot he , and dart into a side lane in the opposite direction marion go ; William weave through the narrow street of the medieval town , knock over basket , jump cart . as the soldier stumble after he , the magistrate look down at he mangle soldier . the one with the rupture arm be lie in agony . magistrate what happen ? soldier ... girl . magistrate what girl ?! soldier ... on horse . magistrate the girl on the horse ! stop she ! the shout ring through the village ; marion hear it , and when she see more soldier at the far end of the lane she 's try to take out of town , she urge the horse into a even narrower back alley . she see a clear route to freedom ... but the flock of pigeon peck on the scrap throw there behind the shop rise into the horse 's face with a sudden thrashing of wing , and the horse shy against a wall . marion control he , but a flap of she rip dress have catch on a crude nail , and as the frighten horse lunge forward again , she be pull off its bare back , she dress catch and rip at the same time , drop she hard . william reach the edge of the town and slip into the tree by the river ; the soldier be run every which way , but they have lose he . think marion 's make it too , William head deeper into the tree . in the town , marion recover ; she dress have tear free ! she start to get up ; but the soldier ' pike appear over she , and the magistrate leer . magistrate so this be the little whore he be fight for . ext . the grove at the precipice - day William move into the shelter of the tree , expect to see marion . he do not . he listen ; only the rustling of the wind through the treetop . william marion ! nothing , except the wind . int . royal magistrate's headquarters - day marion be throw into a chair and she arm be bound with a oak staff behind she elbow . she and two dozen soldier be in the tavern the English have commandeer . the magistrate be a battlescar veteran , a brutal pragmatist angry with he corporal . magistrate one Scot bugger six of we ? Hell to pay when that get round . corporal burn the village . magistrate but he be free . you never catch them in the highlands . he study marion , she mouth now stuff with burlap . he notice the strip of cloth around she neck , and touch the weave curiously . corporal clan weave that cloth in they own pattern . magistrate so why be this strip conceal ? ( beat ) he fight for you , eh ? ext . town square - day the magistrate and he man bring marion into the village center , and tie she to a post of the well . the townspeople do not want to be near the soldier , but they hang on the fringe of the square , too curious to pull away . magistrate a assault on the king 's soldier be the same as assault the king ! he look down at marion , she mouth bound , she eye defiant . he jerk out he dagger and slice marion 's throat ! her eye spring open like a doe 's ; then she sag , dead . the townspeople be speechless ; even some of the soldier be shocked . the magistrate turn calmly to he man . magistrate now . let this scrapper come to I . long shot - ext . the grove at the precipice - day from a distance , we see hamish approach the grove , the same one where he and William play as boy . hamish move reluctantly , force himself forward ; as he reach the grove , William appear , hurry out to he . we stay in the long shot , see William ask anxiously for any news , and see hamish 's great shoulder as he tell he something that make William step backwards ... ext . lanark village - day at a barrier across the main road into the center of the village be twenty professional soldier , entrench , fully armed -- bow , pike , sword . they hear a horse's snort ... the english soldier ' Pov - wallace , on he horse he have stop , rock still . the soldier hush ; there be something unsettle about this man alone , stare at the twenty of they , as if to steel himself for the butchery . wallace raise he sword , scream ... and charge ! ext . various angle - lanark village - day - the fight we favor wallace's subjective Pov : the barrier as he horse pound toward it , the face of the enemy soldier with they eye white with fear ... they stand to shoot at he with they bow ; the arrow whish toward the lens , fly past ... the arrow tear through wallace 's clothes , but do not catch he flesh . he charge on ; he horse leap the barrier as wallace simultaneously swing the broadsword -- and he 's more than a expert : the tip , at the end of a huge arc , nearly break the sound barrier and the blade bite through the corporal 's helmet , take off the upper half of he head ! the soldier try to rally , to shoot he in the back as he horse leap over they . one of they have sighted William 's back ... but hamish and he father crash into they ! it 's a wild fight ; old Campbell take a arrow through the shoulder but keep hack with he sword ; hamish batter down two man -- and more Scots arrive ! they overwhelm the soldier . wallace race through the village - favoring he Pov he dodge obstacle in the narrow street -- chicken , cart , barrel . Soldiers pop up ; the first he gallop straight over ; the next he whacks forehand , like a polo player ; the next chop down on he leave side ; every time he swing the broadsword , a man die . wallace gallop on ; he farmer neighbor , and people from the village , follow in he wake . ext . in the village - day the magistrate hear the approaching shout . he and thirty more of he man be barricade around the village square . magistrate do not look surprised ! we know he would bring friend ! the see wallace gallop into sight ; but he stop , then head down a side street . the magistrate and he man do not like this ; where do he go ? which way will he come from ? and then they hear the horse , and see the other Scots , at the head of the main street . the soldier unleash a volley of arrow at they . they be load to fire again when wallace run in -- on foot ! -- and cut down two soldier ! the other Scots charge ! the startle soldier break and run in every direction . the magistrate , abandon , run too . wallace pursue . not far along a twist lane , the bulky magistrate falter . he turn to fight , and wallace slashes away he sword . magistrate no ! I beg you ... mercy ! in the town square as the Scots see wallace , they break off pursue the English soldier and stop to watch ; drag the magistrate by he hair , wallace haul he back into the village square , slam he against the well , and stand over he with heaving lung and wild eye , stare at marion 's murderer . magistrate please . mercy ! wallace 's eye shift , fall on the stain of blood marion 's blood , in a dark dry splash by the wall of the well , the stain drip down onto the dirt of the street . wallace spin , jerk back the magistrate 's head , and cut he throat with the sword . on the other scot silenced by what they have just see and do . on old Campbell 's face be a look of reverence , and awe . campbell say Grace to God , lad . we have just see the come of the messiah . William stagger a few step , and collapse to he knee . and then not just the Scottish farmer but the townspeople too begin a strange , hi-lo chant . crowd ahhhhhhh-uhhhhhh ! ahhhhhh-uhhhhhh ! William 's wild eye slowly regain they focus . and there in the dirt beside the well , he see the severe cloth strip he give to marion , now stain with she blood . he lift it , crush it in he hand , as the highlander chant for war . ext . lanark village - night the villager be still excited by what just happen ; at the blacksmith 's forge , man tend to Campbell 's wound ... campbell pour it straight into the wound . I know it seem a waste of good whiskey , but indulge I . they obey , then take a glow poker from the fire and run it through Campbell 's shoulder , where the arrow go . there be a terrible sizzle , and Campbell react to the pain . campbell ah . now that will clear you sinuse , lad . Campbell look down at he leave hand . his thumb be miss ! campbell well bloody Hell , look at this ! now it 's nothing but a fly swatter . wallace be sit alone nearby , stare at nothing . hamish move over and put a hand on he shoulder . wallace look at he friend , and look away ; kill the magistrate do not bring marion back . shout of alarm : armed men be come ! the farmer scramble for they weapon , ready to fight ; even Campbell jump up ; but what they see come out of the darkness be twenty more farmer , with hayhook , knife , axe , anything they could find for weapon . they leader be macgregor . campbell macgregor -- from the next valley ! macgregor lead he man into the circle of rebel . macgregor we hear about what be happenin' . and we do not want ya thinkin ' ya can have you fun without we . wallace go home . some of we be in this , I can not help that now . but you can help yourselves . go home . macgregor we will have no home leave when the English garrison at the castle come through to burn we out . they all look at wallace . ext . english military stronghold - night furious preparation : armorer pound breastplate , hone spear , grind sword in a shower of spark . the garrison be lead by bottom , the English lord who claim the right of prima noct . now he shout to he scurrying soldier . lord bottom Gather the horse ! align the infantry ! ( grab a man ) ride to the Lord Governor in Stirling . tell he that I will hang five rebel for every good englishman kill ! form for MARCH ! the troops begin to scramble into the courtyard . at the same time , the messenger gallop to the gate and nod for the keeper to open it . they pull up the chain and the heavy gate rise . the messenger spur he horse to gallop through -- and be hit in the chest with a axe ! the Scots , hide just outside the gate , come pour through , lead by wallace ! arrow pick soldier from they perches , Scots drop over the wall ; the surprise be so complete that it 's over almost without a fight . Lord bottom look around in confusion ... lord bottom stop they ... do not let ... align ... Scots drag Lord bottom off he horse ; a arrow in a flex bow jab right up to he eye , the archer ready to drive the shaft through bottom 's eye socket and into he brain ; but wallace 's hand close on the archer 's finger -- and bottom see that the archer at the other end of the arrow shaft be none other than the highland farmgirl he force into he bed on she wedding night . beside she be she husband , hold a scythe , red with English blood . wallace on you way somewhere , m'lord ? lord bottom murdering bloody bandit ! the point of wallace 's sword jump beneath the Lord 's chin . wallace my name be William wallace . I be no bandit who hide he face ... find this man a horse . the green eye of the defile highland bride flash fire . William take he hand from she bow and look at she , grief for marion in he eye ; for the sake of that she do not release the string . wallace give he a horse . hamish extend the rein of the Lord 's thoroughbre . wallace not this horse . that one . he nod to a bony nag hitched next to a glue pot . wallace today we will spare you , and every man who have yield . go back to England . tell they Scotland 's daughter and she son be yours no more . tell they Scotland be free . as the Scots cheer , wallace throw Lord bottom onto the nag 's back and slap the horse 's rear . it shamble away , follow by the English survivor , as the Scots chant ... scot Wal -lace , Wal -lace , wal-lace !... close - a gravestone - ext . highland - day the marker be carve with the name marion macclannough , and beneath she name a thistle be chisele into the stone . bagpipe wail like banshee and the Priest who marry marion and William now mutter ancient prayer as she body , wrap in burial canvas , be lower into the earth , under the sad eye of that who just fight in the battle . opposite William stand old macclannough ; he stare across the open hole that accept the body of he daughter , he eye full of pain , and then stagger away . wallace kneel at the graveside in unspeakable grief . from within he shirt he withdraw the embroider handkerchief she give he , and the bloodstain strip of cloth he give she . he place the strip over she heart , and as the gravediggers fill the hole she return the handkerchief to its spot over he own heart . ext . london palace - day Prince Edward be in he garden , play the medieval version of croquet with he friend . the princess , ignore , sit watch . longshank march through the game , furious . longshanks Scottish rebel have route Lord bottom ! edward I hear . this wallace be a bandit , nothing more . longshank slap he son , knock he down among the color ball and wicket . everyone gasp , stunne . longshanks you weak little coward ! stand up ! longshank jerk he to he foot . longshanks I go to France to press we rights there ! I leave you to handle this little rebellion , do you understand ? do you ?! longshank grab he son by the throat . longshanks and turn yourself into a man . the king leave . the friend of the humiliate Prince hurry to he and lift he ; as the princess move to he too ... edward get away from I ! he slap she ! her personal guard , frenchmen in distinctive uniform , jump from they seat at the edge of the garden , but the princess raise a hand to show she need no assistance , and curtsey to Edward , who shout -- edward convene my military council ! as Edward march off with he entourage , nicolette , a beautiful raven-haire handmaiden , rush to the princess , who be wobbly , hurt more than she let show . nicolette whisper to she in french , with subtitles ... nicolette they say this wallace kill thirty man to avenge the death of he woman . I hope you husband go to Scotland . then you will be a widow . int . bruce's castle - bedchamber - night Robert the Bruce be in bed with a young Nordic beauty with vacant blue eye . she drowse ; but the lovemake have not defuse the restlessness of Robert 's spirit . he lie on he stomach , turn away from she on the bed . stir , she kiss he neck ; but he do not respond . woman I want to please you . ROBERT you do . but he be numb as she nuzzle he again . she sag back , and he still stare away , lose in think . realizing she hurt , he explain ... ROBERT in lanark village , the king 's soldier kill a girl . her lover fight he way through the soldier and kill the magistrate . she look at he blankly . ROBERT he rebell . he rebell . he act . he fight ! be it rage ? pride ? Love ? whatever it be , he have more of it than I . woman ( hurt ) you might have lie . ROBERT I be too arrogant to lie . close - ROBERT the bruce on he face as he move grimly up a dark castle staircase . he follow a servant who carry a candle against the gloom . they reach a door , which the servant unlock . Young Robert take the candle , and enter -- a darkened room Robert will himself forward , and place the candle on a table in the center of the room . a shuffle in the dark ; then move into the light be a leper whose once - noble feature be decaye with the disease . isolate in he disfiguration , he look at he visitor -- he son -- with the eye of the condemn . Young Robert force himself not to look away . ROBERT the bruce Father . a rebellion have begin . the leper under whom ? ROBERT a commoner name William wallace . the leper a commoner ? so no one lead Scotland ? the old man think , and point a half finger at he son . the leper you will embrace this rebellion . support it , from we land in the north . I will gain English favor by condemn it and order it oppose from we land in the south . whichever way the tide run , we will rise . ROBERT this wallace . he do not even have a knighthood . but he fight with passion , and he be clever . he inspire man . the leper you admire he . uncompromising man be easy to admire . he have courage . so do a dog . but you must understand this : Edward longshank be the most ruthless king ever to sit on the throne of England , and none of we , and nothing of Scotland , will survive unless we be as ruthless , more ruthless , than he . Young Bruce rise heavily , and move to the door . the leper Press you case to the noble . they will choose who rule Scotland . with a last long look at he father , Robert leave . ext . scotland - montage - day -- troops ride through the countryside , intimidating and question civilian ; all refuse to talk . -- wallace 's house burn , as soldier dig up the grave of he father and brother , and scatter they bone to dog . -- the English search through the wood , find nothing . ext . wallace land - night William and hamish ride , to see the damage . they find the smoking ruin , and the defile family grave . hamish ah , William ... I be so sorry . William be strike by a awful , urgent think ... ext . underbrush near marion be grave - dusk we open on marion 's grave , with the thistle - carve marker , look peaceful ; but up the hill in the underbrush , English soldier wait in ambush . edgy , they perk up at the sound of muffle hoofbeat -- then they eye bug as a cloak figure -- wallace -- suddenly loom up behind they , gallop and swirl fire ! he hurl burn torch into the cluster soldier , set some of they on fire ! meanwhile , hamish have crawle to marion 's grave and be digging frantically . the new dirt part easily and he pull the shroud body out , cring with the effort . more soldier rush from behind the rock at the far side of the graveyard . wallace charge they , drive they back . he grab the rein of hamish 's horse , hide among tree , and gallop to he . hamish hand the shroud body up to William and bound into the saddle of he own horse . they spur the horse and ride away , William clutching marion 's shroud body to he chest . ext . secret grove on the precipice - night William dismount , stretch the body gently on the ground . hamish dismount too , with the spade he use to dig up the old grave . he see the emotion on William 's face . hamish I will wait ... back there . wallace hamish , I ... thank ... hamish put a hand on he friend 's shoulder , then quietly lead the horse away . William start to dig ... later in the grove William sit look at the new grave , cover with leave -- completely hide . he touch he hand to the earth . ext . wood - by the stream - night hamish be wait as William come out of the grove . there be nothing to say . they mount they horse and ride away , as the music of William and marion 's love haunt we ... ext . wood - encampment - night wallace and he inner circle hare huddle around a small fire . other highlander guard the perimeter . Old Campbell be lovingly hone the broadsword to razor edge and share a whiskey jug with hamish , who stare at the fire . wallace be use a stick to draw diagram in the dirt . campbell what be ya doin ' ? wallace think . campbell do it hurt ? wallace what do we do when longshank send he whole northern army against we ? they have heavy cavalry . armore horse , that shake the very ground . they will ride right over we . at a loss , wallace look up at the sky . he sees : the tree stretch into the night like spike to skewer the star . wallace we make spear . a hundred spear . fourteen foot long . hamish fourteen ? -- sentry ( o.s. ) volunteer come in ! they look to see a half dozen new volunteer be lead in , blindfolded . when the guide remove the blindfold , the new recruit see wallace and rush to he , bow . recruit ( faudron ) William wallace ? we have come to fight and die for you ! wallace stand up , man , I be not the Pope . faudron I be faudron ! my sword be yours ! and I bring you this tarta -- as he reach into he cloak , both hamish and Campbell instantly draw they sword and put the point to he neck . sentry we check they for arm . carefully , faudron pull out a beautiful tartan scarf , and replace wallace 's tatter old one . faudron it 's you family tartan ! my wife wove it with she own hand . wallace thank she for I . a loud voice interrupt ... voice him ? that can not be William wallace ! I be prettier than this man ! they all look at a slender , handsome young man , stephen , who be talk to himself -- or more accurately , seem to listen to some unheard voice , then answer it ... stephen all right , Father , I will ask he ! ( to William ) if I risk my neck for you , will I get a chance to kill englishmen ? hamish be you poppa a ghost -- or do you converse with God almighty ? stephen in order to find he equal , and irishman be force to talk to god. ( quickly ) yes , Father !... ( to wallace ) the almighty say do not change the subject , just answer the fookin ' question . campbell insane irish -- Stephen whip a dagger from he sleeve and put it at Campbell 's throat . stephen smart enough to get a dagger past you guard , old man . wallace jerk he sword to the irishman 's throat , and grin . wallace that 's my friend , irishman . and the answer 's yes . you fight for I , you kill the English . Stephen grin , and happily tuck away the dagger . stephen excellent ! Stephen be my name . I be the most want man on the emerald Isle . except I be not on the emerald Isle of course , more 's the pity . hamish a common thief . stephen a patriot ! wallace shake he head and move back to the fire , as the sentries take the newcomer to find they own space . ext . scottish countryside - day a column of English light cavalry -- a hundred rider -- move through the picturesque beauty of the highlands . English lord dolecroft be in command , wear a hat with a pompous white plume . up ahead , the English scout see five Scots , include hamish , walk out of the forest . the Scots run ; the scout ride back to dolecroft . scout scotsman , sire ! headed west ! dolecroft they have blunder at last ! after they ! the English force charge off . hamish and he man change direction but the English spot they crossing a hilltop and ride after they . the Scots run for they life ; the English horse gallop . the Scots run down one slope , up another ; the English follow , find they horse stumbling , and see ... scout we be in a bog ! dolecroft here , it 's firm this way -- but as they move toward the firm ground , fifty Scots appear on the crest of the hill . hamish lead they , smile . dolecroft wheel and look to he rear ; wallace appear there , with fifty more , and more Scots appear to the leave and right of the English , who be surround in the bog . too late , dolecroft realize he blunder . wallace lift he broadsword , scream , and lead the charge ... ext . scottish wood - day the Scots be move through deep wood ; they be laden with the booty they take from the English cavalry : extra weapon , clothing , food -- and one man even wear the late dolecroft 's plume hat . wallace be lead they , travel with he heavy sheathed broadsword across he shoulder . wallace stop here and rest . they collapse to the leave and loam , greedily squeezing water from sheep belly canteen . int . stirling castle - day lord pickering , English commander , be hand news of the disaster . he read the message , and pale . pickering another ambush ! my God ! ... what about we infiltrator ? assistant he have already join they , m'lord . ext . scottish wood - night the moon be high above the Scots , encampe for the night . most everyone be sleep , but William sit lean against a tree , lose in lonely thought . suddenly William freeze ; a shaft of moonlight illuminate a cloak woman stand twenty foot ahead of he . something about she be familiar -- and then she pull off the hood , revealing she auburn hair , cascade in the moonlight ... it be marion ! wallace marion ! be ... be it you ? Joy explode on he face , and he run to she , but stop before he touch she , as if she might evaporate . wallace I be dream . marion yes , you be . and you must wake . wallace I do not want to wake . I want to stay with you . marion and I with you . but you must wake . wallace I need you so much ! I love you ! marion wake up , William . wake up ! hamish' voice wake up , William !... marion / hamish wake up !... William clutches at marion , but he arm can not enclose she . he wake lie on he new tartan , in camp , with hamish shaking he , William 's arm clutch empty to he chest . hamish William ! hound ! wallace jump up , hearing the distant barking that alarmed hamish . Stephen , the new irish recruit , race up . stephen we must run in different direction ! hamish we do not split up ! stephen they use hound on we in Ireland , it 's the only way ! wallace he 's right , hamish ! Campbell ! divide they and run ! shove group of man in different direction , wallace then take off . his group be about a dozen ; they race through the wood , dodging tree , run aimlessly . they stop and listen . the bark be get closer . wallace Split again ! again they divide , and race in different direction . but no matter how they run and dodge , the bark grow nearer . we intercut with the approach of the dog -- a large pack of hound , with keeper like on a fox hunt , and behind the dog , Lord picker , with he soldier , prepare for a long chase , cloak against the wet darkness , carry torch . wallace and other pause , hear the dog , and run again , in a new direction . the hound be relentless . wallace 's group be down to hamish , Stephen , and faudron . wallace no matter how we go , they follow . they have we scent . my scent . faudron run ! you must not be catch ! faster now , faster . the bark be get very close . wallace and he friend be start to panic . the blood beat in they ear , they breath scald they lung . and we move in on wallace 's eye . he stop , gasp . stephen we can not stop ! wallace they have trick we . stephen what 's the crazy man say , Lord ? wallace the dog have a scent . my scent . someone must have give it to they . stephen who would do such a thing ? wallace exactly . wallace pull out he dagger ... the dog bark frantically now ; they smell a kill ; they tug so hard at they leash that the handler be almost drag along . handler be ready ! we have they ! the soldier grip they weapon , ready to take they prisoner . they burst into the little clear ; the dog find a body , stab , he throat cut ; the dog plunge they snout into the gore , yipping wildly . the handler must fight furiously to tear the dog from the body . Lord picker approach the body and look down . it be faudron , mangle now but clearly identifiable -- with the scarf he give William , in place of William 's own , tuck into he shirt . lord pickering damnation ! damnation ! as picker rant , he man look at the darkness all around . lord pickering after he ! get they go again ! handler they nose be drown in new blood , they will follow nothing now ! and just as the realization hit picker that he can not pursue wallace any further , a cloak figure mix in among he man lean in from behind he to whisper ... stephen of ireland the almighty say for you to give his regards to the Devil . picker 's eye go wide , then roll back as Stephen 's dagger slide expertly through he back rib and into he heart . as picker fall and he man realize what have happen , Stephen have already run back into the tree . picker 's man freeze at this sudden turn of event . even the dog whimper , pick up the rise fear of the man around they . then from the darkness all around they come a chorus of demonic , bloodcurdle yell -- wallace / hamish / stephen arrrrrggggggghhhh ! Three wild man tear out of the darkness from different direction , they sword slashing . picker 's man panic and run , they dog yelping , and the other soldier , evident by they torch , fall with they in all direction . wallace , hamish and Stephen be leave alone in the heart of the wood , howling , bark like dog , snarling like wolf -- and then laugh like hyenas ! stephen I think I be dead when ya pull that dagger ! wallace no English lord would trust a irishman ! hamish let 's kill he anyway . they laugh again ; then wallace 's laughter leak away , and he stare into the tree , where he see marion in he dream . various shot - the story spread through scotland ... two man be talk in a village ... villager ... and William wallace kill fifty man ! fifty , if it be one ! the same tale be exchange by two farmer at a crossroad ... farmer a hundred man ! with he own sword ! he cut a through the English like -- the tale be repeat in a tavern ... drinker -- mose through the Red Sea ! hacked off two hundred head ! drinker # 2 two hundred ?! drinker saw it with my own eye . and the rumor be discuss even inside the palace ground in london , where the Prince and he friend be try on elaborate attire present they by fawn tailor , and the princess , ignore by she husband , stroll and chat with she handmaiden , nicolette ( in subtitle french ) . nicolette when the king return he will bury they in that new clothes . Scotland be in chaos . you husband be secretly send a army north . princess how do you know this ? nicolette last night I sleep with a member of the War Council . princess he should not be tell secret in bed . nicolette ah , oui ! englishmen do not know what a tongue be for . the princess blushes , whacks she with she fan , and smile . princess this Scottish rebel ... wallace ? he fight to avenge a woman ? nicolette a magistrate wish to capture he , and find he have a secret lover , so he cut the girl 's throat to tempt wallace to fight -- and fight he do . the princess be pain at such cruelty ; nicolette warm to share the juicy gossip ... nicolette know he passion for he lose love , they next plotted to take he by desecrate the grave of he father and brother and set a ambush at the grave of he wife . he fight he way through the trap and carry she body to a secret place ! now that be romance , oui ? princess ... I would not know . ext . scottish highland - day a highlander , a runner , slip like a shadow up the hillside , to a circle of ancient monolith . there , hide among the stone pillar , he find wallace and he band rest . runner the English be advance a army toward Stirling ! wallace do the noble rally ? runner Robert the Bruce and most of the other will not commit to war ! but word have spread and highlander be come down on they own , by the hundred -- by the thousand ! ext . road - day wallace ride down the road , follow by he band . as they pass people on the road , the woman , the child , all cheer . people wallace ! it 's William wallace ! God bless wallace and Scotland ! at a crossroad , more of wallace 's man join they , in cluster . one group carry something long , encase in wool cover . farmer in the field , blacksmith at they forges , leave they work and uncover they inevitable weapon and run after the rider . they put on they forbidden tartan , kiss they wife and head off to fight . ext . stirling field - day Stirling Castle perches on a hill high above a grassy field , cut in half by a river , span by a old wooden bridge . scottish nobles have gather on a smaller hill overlook the field ; they wear gleam armor , with plume , sashes and banner , and be attend by squire and groom . the mist of morning shroud most of the field . but from the opposite side of the bridge they hear the clatter of a huge army move forward . lochlan , a noble , gallop to mornay . lochlan it sound like twenty thousand ! mornay the scout say it be ten . lochlan and we have but two ! the common scottish soldier be wear padded leather shirt , and carry pike and dagger . as through the mist they see the number array against they , a young soldier tug at a grizzle veteran . young soldier so many ! scottish veteran the noble will negotiate . if they deal , they send we home . if not , we charge . when we be all dead and they can call themselves brave , they withdraw . young soldier I do not come to fight so they could own more land that I could work for they ! veteran nor do I . not against this odd ! he lower he pike and start to desert . at first one - by-one and then in clump , more highlander follow . the nobles see the desertion . lochlan stop ! Men ! do not flee ! not now ! wait until we have negotiate ! mornay they will not stop -- and who could blame they ? then , riding into the mob of man , come wallace , follow by he friend . he 's strike , charismatic , he powerful arm bare , he chest cover not in armor but a commoner 's leather shirt , and unlike the heavy knight on they armored horse , wallace ride a swift horse , like he be bear on it . the entire Scottish army watch in fascination as wallace and he man ride through they , toward the command hill . the soldier whisper among themselves ... young soldier William wallace ? veteran could not be . the common soldier , already have break rank , cluster up the hill to see the confrontation . as wallace and he captain reach the noble , Stephen laugh . stephen the almighty say this must be a fashionable fight , it 's draw the finest people . lochlan where be thy salute ? wallace for present yourselves on this battlefield , I give you thanks . lochlan this be we army . to join it , you give homage . wallace I give homage to Scotland . and if this be you army , why do it go ? wallace rein he horse around to face the mob of sullen man , now frighten , ready to desert . we play this picture , wallace sit he horse , look down in awe at this thing that have grow beyond anyone 's imagination . he glance at he friend : Campbell , hamish , Stephen . they have get no suggestion , they be just as awed as he be . scottish veteran we do not come to fight for they ! shout from mob Home ! the English be too many ! wallace raise he hand , and the army fall silent . wallace son of Scotland !... I be William wallace ! soldier William wallace be seven foot tall ! wallace yes , I have hear ! he kill man by the hundred ! and if he be here , he would consume the English with fireballs from he eye , and bolt of lightning from he ass ! many laugh -- all get the point . wallace I be William wallace . and my enemy do not go away . I see we good noble hang . my wife ... I be William wallace . and I see a whole army of my countryman , here in defiance of tyranny . you have come to fight as free man . and free man you be ! what will you do with freedom ? will you fight ? veteran two thousand , against ten ? we will run -- and live ! wallace yes . fight and you may die . run and you will live , at least awhile . and die in you bed many year from now , would you be willing to trade all the day from this day to that , for one chance to come back here as young man , and tell we enemy that they make take we life , but they will never take we freedom ? down on the plain , English emissary in all they regal finery gallop over the bridge , under a banner of truce . veteran look ! the English come to barter with we noble for castle and title . and we noble will not be in the front of the battle ! wallace no ! they will not ! he dismount , and draw he sword . wallace and I will . slowly , the chant begin , and build ... scot Wal -lace ! Wal -lace ! wal -lace ! bagpiper play , pull the mob back into company . but through the lift mist they see the overwhelming enemy army . hamish , Campbell and Stephen move up beside William . stephen Fine speech . now what do we do ? wallace bring out we spearmen and set they in the field . Campbell , hamish and Stephen ride off . mornay rein he horse over , lift the rein of wallace 's horse , and extend they to he : a invitation to join the pre-battle talk . wallace mount up and ride out with the Scottish noble to meet the English contingent . out on the field , the two group of rider meet like the captain of football team before the kickoff . cheltham , head of the English contingent , glare at wallace . cheltham mornay . lochlan . inverness . mornay cheltham . this be William wallace cheltham here be the King 's term . lead this army off the field , and he will give you each estate in Yorkshire , include hereditary title , from which you will pay he a annual -- wallace I have a offer for you . cheltham ... from which you will pay the King a annual duty ... wallace pull he broadsword and snap it at cheltham , whose eye flash in disbelief at the bad manners . lochlan you disrespect a banner of truce ?! wallace from he king ? absolutely . here be Scotland 's term . lower you flag and march straight to England , stop at every Scottish home you pass to beg forgiveness for a hundred year of theft , rape , and murder . do that , and you man shall live . do it not , and every one of you will die today . cheltham bark at the Scottish noble ... cheltham you be outmatch ! you have not even any cavalry ! in two century no army have win without it ! wallace I be not finish . before we let you leave , you commander must cross that bridge , stand before this army , put he head between he leg , and kiss he own ass . the outrage englishman gallop back to he line . mornay I would say that be rather less cordial that he be use to . wallace be ready , and do exactly as I say . they return to the Scottish line . wallace dismount where he man be break out new 14 - foot spear . hamish , eyebrow raise , look expectantly at wallace ; wallace nod . hamish wish I could see the noble lord 's face when he tell he . lord talmadge , at he command post the husky English commander 's blood boil from cheltham 's report . before he can respond , they see wallace's spearmen take up a position on the far side of the bridge . suddenly the Scots turn and lift they kilt and moon the English ! talmadge insolent bastard ! full attack ! give no quarter ! and I want this wallace 's heart bring to I on a plate ! cheltham spur he horse to form up the attack ... ext . the field below stirling castle - day the English army move forward toward the bridge . it 's so narrow that only a single file of rider can move across it at any one time . the English heavy cavalry , two hundred knight , cross uncontest , and form up on the other side . with wallace and the scot thing look terrible . Stephen turn to William . stephen the Lord tell I he can get I out of this mess . but he 's pretty sure you be fook . on the english side talmadge see the Scots do nothing . talmadge amateur ! they do not even contest we ! send across the infantry . general m'lord , the bridge be so narrow -- talmadge the Scots just stand in they formation ! we cavalry will ride they down like grass . get the infantry across so they can finish the slaughter ! the English leader shout order and keep they man move across the bridge . talmadge gesture for the attack flag . the cavalry on the other side of the bridge the English knight see the signal banner , tell they to attack . they take the lance from they squire , and lower the visor of they helmet . proud , plume , glimmer ; they look invincible . they huge horse , themselves drape in scarlet and purple , look like tank . the knight charge ! they hoof thunder ; the horse be so heavy the ground literally shake with the charge . the Scots stand and watch they come on . it 's difficult to imagine the courage this take ; from the Pov of the scottish line we see the massive horse boring in ... we feel the rising thunder of the charge , closer , closer ... wallace move to the front of the lead group of Scots . wallace steady ! hold ... hold ... now ! the Scots snap they 14 - foot spear straight up in unison . wallace form ! now the spearmen snap the spear forward in rank , the first line of man brace they spear at a angle three foot above the ground , the man behind they brace theirs at a five foot level , the man behind that brace at seven foot . the English knight have never see such a formation . they lance be useless and it 's too late to stop ! the momentum that be to carry the horse smash through the man on foot now become suicidal force ; knight and horse impale themselves on the long spear like beef on skewer . talmadge can see it ; but worse be the SOUND , the scream of dying men and horse , carry to he across the battlefield . wallace and he men be protect , behind a literal wall of fall charger and knight . wallace draw he broadsword and lead he swordsman out onto the field , attack the knight that be still alive . most be off they horse ; a few have manage to pull up they mount . wallace and he man be so much more mobile than the knight ; the field run with blood . wallace face talmadge in the distance . wallace here I be , English coward ! come get I !! talmadge be even more enraged -- and he judgment be go . talmadge Press the man across ! cheltham but m'lord ! talmadge himself gallop forward . talmadge PRESS they ! wallace smile . he grab hamish . wallace tell mornay to ride to the flank and cross upstream . wait ! tell he to be sure the English see he ride away ! hamish hurry off with the message . the English infantry keep move across the little bridge . the Scottish noble watch from they position on horseback . they have a few dozen mount rider , none heavily armored . lochlan if he wait much longer -- hamish hurry up . hamish ride around and ford behind they ! mornay we should not divide we force ! hamish wallace say do it ! and he say for you to let the English see you ! mornay ( understanding ) they shall think we run away . mornay lead he rider away . lord talmadge see the Scottish noble ride off , and shout to cheltham ... talmadge see ! every Scot with a horse be flee ! hurry ! hurry ! he drive half he army across the river . wallace lift he sword . wallace for Scotland ! he charge down the hill ... the fight at stirling bridge - various shot the Scots follow wallace on foot , charge into the English . the English leader be stunne by the ferocious attack . talmadge Press reinforcement across ! the English leader try to herd more of they footsoldier onto the bridge , which only ham they up . meanwhile , on the other side of the bridge , wallace and he charge man slam into the English infantry with wild fury . the English fall back on each other , further block the bridge . up on the hilltop the noble look back with grudge admiration . mornay he 's take the bloody bridge ! the English can not get across ! he 's even the odd at one stroke ! with rise desire to join the bandwagon , the noble spur ... down on the plain , wallace and the attack man drive the English back , kill as they go . the Scots reach the bridge itself . the water below it run red with blood . talmadge have begin to panic . talmadge use the archer ! general they be too close , we will shoot out own man ! on the bridge the Scots be carve they way through the English soldier ; nothing can stop they . wallace be relentless ; each time he swing , a head fly , or a arm . hamish and Stephen fight beside he , swinging the broadsword with both hand . Old Campbell lose he shield in the grapple ; a English swordsman whacks at he and take off he leave hand , but Campbell batter he to the ground with he right , and stab he . reaching the English side of the bridge , the Scots begin to build a barrier with the dead body . the English be not without courage . cheltham lead a desperate counterattack . the Scots make a impenetrable barrier of slashing blade . still cheltham keep come ; wallace hit he with a vertical slash that part he helmet , he hair , and he brain . talmadge have see enough ; he gallop away . the remain English General try to save the army . general we be still five thousand ! rally ! the English try to form up ; but the Scottish horseman , fording the river high upstream , come crash into the English flank and ride over the surprised English infantry . at the bridge , wallace see the Scottish noble attack . the English soldier be in utter panic , run and be cut down on all side . and the Scottish soldier taste something Scots have not taste for a hundred year : victory . even while finish off the last of the English soldier , they begin they highlow chant ... even the noblemen take up the chant ! wallace look around at the aftermath of the battle : body on the field ; soldier lie impale ; stack of body on the bridge ; the bridge slick with blood . before it can all sink in , William be lift on the shoulder of he man . scottish soldier wal-lace ! Wal -lace ! Wal -lace ! int . castle - great hall - day William kneel before one of Scotland 's ancient elder , who lift a silver sword and dub William 's shoulder . elder I knight thee Sir William wallace . William rise and face the great Hall , crowded with hundred of new admirer , as well as he old friend in they new clothes and armor . the crowd chant -- crowd Wal -lace , wal-lace !! wallace lift he eye , take it all in . at the rear of the hall be a balcony , back by a magnificent sunlit stain glass window , and in the center of its rainbow corona he see a familiar form : marion , so real to he in this moment of triumph that he can see she , glow like a angel , in a gown worthy of the occasion . but the illusion will not last ; in the blink of a eye she be go , and wallace hear the chant , and finger the cloth she give he . int . scottish council - day the noble of Scotland be gather in the huge chamber ; a massive table run across the far end of the room , and align on either side be the two rival faction of noble , glaring at each other . Old Craig be in the center , with young Robert the Bruce on he right . there be a general murmur along the noble , and Robert whisper to Craig ... ROBERT do anyone know he politics ? craig no . but he weight with the commoner could unbalance everything . the balliol will kiss he ass , so we must . a court steward step in and formally announce ... steward lord of Scotland : Sir William wallace ! the noble on each side of the table try to outdo each other in they acclamation as wallace stride in , flanke by hamish , Campbell , and Stephen , splendid in they tartan . Old Craig rise . craig Sir William . in the name of God , we declare and appoint thee High protector of Scotland ! and thy captain as aide decamp ! the noble rise ; court attendant hurry to wallace and drape a golden chain of office around he neck . wallace take the three smaller chain they bring and drape they around the neck of he friend , as once again the noble applaud . almost before the applause die , a member of the balliol clan , who have keep a open seat beside he , speak up ... balliol Sir William !! inasmuch as you and you captain hail from a region long know to support the balliol clan , may we invite you to join we ? but wallace 's gaze have lock onto Robert the Bruce , who stare back , the two young lion instantly recognize the leadership power of each other . wallace you be Robert the Bruce . ROBERT the bruce I be . wallace my father fight in support of yours . the balliol shrivel . the noble on the Bruce side can barely keep from grin . suddenly the man on the other end of the table change they attack . balliol with this new success , the result of all of Scotland 's effort , now be the time to declare a king ! mornay then you be prepare to recognize we legitimate succession ! balliol you be the one who will not support the true claim ! I demand consideration of this document ! wallace glance again at the Bruce , who suddenly feel ashamed of the bicker . mornay that be lie when they be write ! we document prove absolutely that -- suddenly wallace turn he back and walk toward the door . craig Sir William ! where be you go ? william we have beat the English ! but they will come back , because you will not stand together . there be one clan in this country -- scotsman . one class -- free . one price -- courage . he turn again and stride toward the door . craig but ... what will you do ? wallace I will invade England . and defeat the English on they own ground . craig invade ?! that 's impossible , it -- wallace sling out he broadsword and move down the length of the table , bashing the succession document into the lap of the noble . wallace listen to I ! longshank understand this ! this ! he brandish the broadsword . wallace there be a difference between we . you think the people of this country exist to provide you with position . I think you position exist to provide the people with freedom . and I go to make sure they have it . wallace bang through the door . suppress smile , he friend file out behind he . int . edinburgh corridor - day wallace and he man be march away , as Robert the Bruce run out after they . ROBERT wait ! ... I respect what you say . but remember , this man have land , castle . much to risk . wallace and the common man who bleed on the battlefield , do he risk less ? ROBERT no . but from top to bottom this country have no sense of itself . its noble share allegiance with England and its clan war with each other . if you make enemy on both side of the border , you will end up dead . wallace we all end up dead . it 's only a question of how . and why . wallace walk ; Robert catch up and speak to he in a urgent half whisper , so that no one else can hear . ROBERT I be no coward ! I want what you want ! but we need the noble . wallace noble ? what do that mean -- to be noble ? you title give you claim to the throne of we country . but man do not follow title , they follow courage ! you arm speak louder than you tongue . we people know you . Noble and common , they respect you . if you would lead they toward freedom , they would follow you . and so would I . wallace walk away , leave Robert the Bruce alone . the scottish army - day wallace ride at the head of he army , move through the countryside of northern England . it be autumn , the foliage be beautiful , the wheat field gold with harvest . ext . establishing york CITY - day a medieval city guard by a fortress . int . the fortress - map room - day the royal governor be a spoiled young man , longshank ' nephew . he be study map and write appeal for help ; he captain of defense stride in with another note . captain message from you cousin , the Prince . he say London have no more troops to send . governor every town in Northern England be begging for help ! where will wallace strike first ? captain I should think this smaller settlement along the border ... they hear shout as a rider arrive and dismount . they look out to see a panicked rider , who shout up ... rider he advance ! governor to what town ? rider he come here ! smash to : cart , rumbling in panic down a road as civilian flee the wall city in the distance . the scottish army have cut a huge tree and place it on wheel . it rumble ominously toward camera ... the civilian panic continue as more people join the swell of that leave York . the scottish army keep come on . inside the wall of the CITY - day the governor be furious and confuse . governor we will not allow a bandit to panic the great city in Northern England ! Close off the escape ! let no one leave ! captain the city have emptied already , sire . only the Scottish civilian remain . the Governor turn to he captain with a look worthy of he uncle , longshank the King . on the batter ram as it pick up speed and slam into the wooden gate of the city . with the collision , the battle be on . it 's a night battle : torch , flame arrow , pot of boil oil be splash down at the attacker , who swarm the gate . the oil beat the first wave of Scots back , but wallace rush forward , grab the ram cart with he own hand ; the attacker rally to he , help he slam the gate again and again . it break ; but behind it be a awful tangle of cart , break shed , impenetrable rubbish . wallace grab a torch , throw it into the wooden tangle , and shout -- wallace back ! wait for it to burn ! inside the CITY the Captain hurry into the tower room . captain they have breach the wall ! governor then do as I order . outside the wall the Scots wait , bide they time as the barrier burn . suddenly they look up in horror ; the English be throw the body of hang Scots over the wall . they stare at this in mute shock . wallace be freeze , he eye reflect he boyhood reaction . his man rush forward . wallace stop ! not yet ! listen to I ! ( beat ) they wish to frighten we ! or goad we into attack too soon ! do not look away ! look ! the Scots look at the hang body . wallace behold the enemy we fight ! we will be more merciful than they have be . we will spare woman , child , and priest . for all else , no mercy . wallace draw he broadsword . the burn debris inside the gate collapse , leave a tunnel through the fire . wallace scream , and lead the charge through the burn barrier . int . the palace in london - day Prince Edward and Phillip , he fencing friend and lover , hear a contingent of horseman clatter into the courtyard below ; they look out the window and see the arrival of longshank . they lean back into the room and Edward begin to pace nervously . phillip it be not you fault ! stand up to he . Edward show Phillip the dagger he have conceal in he belt behind he back . edward I will stand up to he , and more . longshank bang the door open and stalk in angrily . first he glare at Phillip with obvious loathing , then turn he pierce stare to he own son . longshanks what news of the north ? edward nothing new , majesty . we have send rider to speed any word . longshanks while I be in France fight to expand you future kingdom I learn that Stirling castle be lose , we entire northern army wipe out ! and you have do nothing ?! edward I have order conscription ... a messenger enter and hand the prince a message . Edward read it and nearly lose he balance . edward wallace have sack York ! longshanks impossible . ( to messenger ) how dare you bring a panicky lie . the messenger have also bring a basket . he approach the central table with great dread and place the basket on it , uncover its content . Prince Edward be close ; he look in , then stagger back , stunne . longshank move to the sack coldly , look in , and withdraw the severe head of he nephew , York 's ( former ) Governor . phillip sire ! thy own nephew ! what beast could do such a thing ?! the king drop the head back into the sack , unmove . longshanks if he can sack York , he can invade lower England . phillip we would stop he ! longshanks Edward , who be this shitpoker who speak to I as if I need he advice ? edward I have declare Phillip my High counselor . longshank nod as if impressed . he move to Phillip and examine the gold chain of office that the young man wear . then longshank grab he and throw he out the window , the same one Edward and Phillip be look out , six storey above the courtyard . we hear Phillip 's scream as he fall . Edward rush toward the window in horror . he look out at the result , turn back toward he father in shock and hatred , and only then remember the dagger and go for it . he stab at longshank ; the old king smile at the attack , parry , let he arm be cut . longshanks you fight back at last ! then longshank unleash he own hateful fury ; he grapples with Edward , knock the dagger away and hurl he to the floor ; then longshank kick he son , again and again . he exhaust he fury on he . Edward be a bloody mess ; longshank cough up a bit of blood . he ignore it and he son 's wreckage , and go back to the discussion , as if this fight be normal business . longshanks we must sue for a truce , and buy he off . but who will go to he ? not I . if I come under the sword of this murderer , I would end up like my nephew . and not you , the sight of my faggot son would only encourage a enemy to take over this country . so whom do I send ? longshank calculate . ext . wallace army camp - day a full encampment , across a English field ; campfire chase the dawn chill . Soldiers sharpen sword and spear point . wallace be huddle with he inner circle , all except Campbell , who receive a report from a scout . campbell a royal entourage come , fly banner of truce , and the standard of longshank himself ! wallace buckle on he sword . a english pavilion tent - yorkshire - day set up for a meeting in a sunny meadow . wallace and he man ride in , wary , ready for ambush . they surround the tent . there be two dozen royal soldier there , but they make no threaten move . no sound from the tent . wallace rest he hand on the handle of he broadsword , ready . wallace longshank ! I have come . servant pull back the side of the tent door , and a tall , slender , shapely female figure appear there . there in the shadow , she look just like marion ! William be not the only one who notice the resemblance ; he glance at hamish and Campbell and see they haunt by it too . be this another dream ? he pale , as she step into the morning sun . she move toward he , she face lower . it be marion ! she reach he , lift she face ... and he see the princess ! William be relieved -- and yet as he see the princess more closely he be still shake by the resemblance in the way she carry herself , she shape , the fall of she hair . the princess be strike with wallace , too -- tall , powerful , and commanding . wallace dismount , and move to face she . they eye hang on each other . she see something that she have not see in the face of a man in she whole life . she surprise he by bend at the knee , in a half - submissive yet proud curtsey . princess I be the princess of Wale . wallace wife of Edward , the king 's son ? she nod ; somehow she be already ashamed . princess I come as the king 's servant , and with he authority . wallace it 's battle I want , not talk . princess but now that I be here , will you speak with a woman ? she lead he under the pavilion , a purple canopy shading rich carpet laid on the bare ground . watch the gorgeous walk , Stephen lie back on he saddle and twitches he leg like a horny dog . hamish backhand he ; Campbell , hamish and Stephen quickly dismount and follow the procession , shoulder they way in beside the princess 's french guard , so they can watch wallace 's back . the rest of the Scots surround the tent , ready for ambush . nicolette be among the royal attendant there ; see wallace , she shoot a glance at the princess that say ooo-la-la ! the servant have bring a throne for the princess , a lower chair for wallace . she sit ; he refuse the chair . she study he , take in he anger and he pride . princess I understand that you have recently be give the rank of knight . wallace I have be give nothing . God make man what they be . princess do God make you the sacker of peaceful city ? the executioner of the king 's nephew , my husband 's own cousin ? wallace York be the staging point for every invasion of my country . and that royal cousin hang a hundred Scots , even woman and child , from the city wall . princess that be not possible . but know longshank ' family , she glance at a richly dress advisor , a crony of the king , who avert he eye . wallace longshank do far worse , the last time he take a Scottish city . the crony mumble to she in latin , with subtitles ... crony ( Latin ) he be a murdering bandit , he lie . wallace ( Latin ! ) I be no bandit . and I do not lie . they be startle at wallace 's fluency in Latin . wallace or in french if you prefer that : certainmous et ver ! ask you king to he face , and see if he eye can convince you of the truth . she stare for a long moment at wallace 's eye . princess Hamilton , leave we . crony ( hamilton ) m'lady -- princess leave we now . he reluctantly obey . see that she want the exchange to be private , wallace turn and nod for he man to leave . Stephen , who have be admire the lady 's beauty non-stop , lean in and whisper to William ... stephen her husband 's more of a queen than she be . do you know that ? Stephen move off with hamish and Campbell . wallace and the princess be leave alone . princess let we talk plainly . you invade England . but you can not complete the conquest , so far from you shelter and supply . the King propose that you withdraw you attack . in return he grant you title , estate , and this chest with a thousand pound of gold , which I be to pay to you personally . wallace a lordship . and gold . that I should become juda . princess peace be make be such way . wallace slave be made in such way ! the outburst startles even that watch from a distance . the princess be mesmerize by wallace 's passion . princess I understand you have suffer . I know ... about you woman . wallace she be my wife . we marry in secret because I would not share she with a English lord . they kill she to get to I . and she be pregnant . the princess be stunne ; wallace be dead still . wallace I have never tell anyone . I do not know why I tell you -- except because you look ... much like she . and someday you will be a queen , and you must open you eye ! ( beat ) tell you king that William wallace will not be rule . nor will any Scot , while I live . the princess rise slowly from she chair , move in front of he , and lower herself to she knee . the crony and she other attendant , see this from a distance , be shocked . princess Sir . I leave this money , as a gift . not from the king , but from myself . and not to you , but to the orphan of you country . she lift she face . they eye hold a moment too long . later , ext . field - day wallace and he captain sit on horseback at the head of they company and watch as the princess ' procession leave . hamish study wallace 's face ; wallace notice and give he a non-committal shrug . as the carriage roll away , its window curtain lift back slightly . all they see be the princess ' finger , but they know she look back . wallace rein he horse away , to ride back to camp . int . edward palace - day the door open ; the princess enter longshank ' war council ; Prince Edward be there , among a dozen other . longshanks my son 's loyal wife return , unkill by the heathen . so he accept we bribe . princess no . he do not . longshanks then why do he stay ? my scout say he have not advanced . princess he wait . for you . he say he will attack no more town -- if you be man enough to come fight he . longshanks you speak with this wallace in private . what kind of man be he ? princess ... a mindless barbarian . not a king like you , m'lord . longshanks the Scottish noble have send he no support . his army starve . we stall have work , he must withdraw . you may return to you embroidery . princess humbly , m'lord . she barely curtsey , and start out . edward you bring back the money , of course ? he already know she do not ; Hamilton be stand near he . princess no . I have it to ease the suffer of the child of this war . longshanks ( glance at son ) this be what happen when you must send a woman . and a fool . princess forgive I , sire . I think that generosity might demonstrate you greatness to that you mean to rule . longshanks my greatness be better demonstrate with this . from a box at he foot the king withdraw a crossbow and throw it onto the table . most of that there be shocked . edward the weapon have be outlaw by the Pope himself ! longshanks so the Scots will have none of they , will they ? my armorer have already make a thousand . longshank smile . no one notice that the princess be deadly pale . ext . wallace army camp - day the Scots be lining up to leave they encampment . wallace be about to give the signal to start the march when hamish , beside he , come alert ; a small group of rider in distinctive attire be come toward they ; what can this be ? hamish William -- french guard ? the rider stop at a distance , and out from they rank come a single rider , sit sidesaddle . it be nicolette . wallace and hamish recognize she from the princess 's visit . she trot she horse the rest of the way , while the french guard stay back . hamish help she from she horse . she move to wallace , and open the heavy fold of she heavy riding cape . secrete there , hang from a rope at she neck , be a crossbow . ext . a field in scotland - day wallace have gather the noble , among they Robert the Bruce , mornay , and old Craig , for a demonstration . hamish and Stephen have place a spearman 's chestplate against a bale of hay . as William crank the crossbow to its full cocked position and place a bolt in its slot , Stephen tuck a melon behind the armor . William aim ... and fire . the bolt slashes through the air and punch through the armor and the melon , leave no doubt what it would do to a man 's heart . the noble pale . craig that be why the Pope outlaw the weapon ! it make war too terrible . mornay how many do longshank have ? wallace a thousand . ( beat ) you have make I Guardian of Scotland . so I tell you this be what we face . craig we must sue for peace . wallace peace ?! craig we can not defeat this -- wallace with cavalry -- not heavy , like the English , but light , fast horseman , like you noble employ -- we could outmaneuver they bowmen ! craig it be suicide . ROBERT Sir William -- the Bruce see wallace about to explode , and try to intervene -- but wallace 's anger be too great . wallace we win at Stirling and still you quibble ! we win at York and you would not support we ! then I say nothing ! now I say you be coward ! the noble grip they weapon ; wallace , hamish and Stephen be ready to finish this quarrel right here . Robert the Bruce , back by mornay , step between the two side . ROBERT please , Sir William ! speak with I alone ! I beg you ! the noble stalk away , and Robert draw wallace away , to the target wallace shot , so they be alone . ROBERT you have achieve more than anyone dream . but fight this odd look like rage , not courage . peace offer its reward ! have war become a habit you can not break ? the question strike deep . wallace War find I willing . I know it will not bring back all I have lose . but it can bring what none of we have ever have -- a country of we own . for that we need a king . we need you . ROBERT I be try . wallace then tell I what a king be ! be he a man who believe only what other believe ? be he one who calculate the number for and against he but never weigh the strength in you own heart ? there be strength in you . I see it . I know it . ROBERT I must ... consult with my father . wallace and I will consult with mine . Robert the Bruce walk off the field , head the way the other noble go . wallace rejoin hamish and Stephen . they look to he ; what do we do now ? wallace remember when the English turn they hound on we ? maybe we should introduce they to we dog . int . the darkened room of bruce the elder , the leper in the faint nimbus of the single candle , young Robert sit across from he leper father . the son grip he own head , as if stunne by a blow . ROBERT this ... can not be the way . the leper you have say yourself that the noble will not support wallace , so how do it help we to join the side that be slaughter ? heartsick , the father reach across the table , then stay he arm , unwilling to touch he son with he leprous hand . the leper my son . look at I . I can not be king . you , and you alone , can rule Scotland . what I tell you , you must do -- for yourself , and for you country . Young Robert hold he father with he eye , and do not look away . ext . the battle of falkirk - day the Scottish army move out onto the hilly plain , cover in the gray mist . they see glimpsis of the enemy in the distance . wallace deploy the Scots : Campbell with the schiltron ( spear formation ) , Stephen with the infantry , the noble mornay lead the cavalry , and with wallace and hamish on horseback , look over the field . hamish see gaze up at a empty hill above the field . hamish the Bruce be not come , William . wallace mornay have come . so will the Bruce . he would better , the odd look long . and it 's nasty ground ; one side of the field be ankle deep in water , and the English be cover it with a layer of burn oil , release thick smoke to hide they movement . wallace Stephen ready ? hamish aye . the Priest from they home village be move through the Scottish rank , dispense absolution . he reach the two friend , who accept the host , say they own last prayer , and give each other a look of goodbye . hamish ride off to join the schiltron . longshanks and he general on the opposite side of the field , send they army forward . wallace and the scot see they through the smoke ; wallace spot what he 's look for : there they be , the rank of crossbowman ! and as they draw nearer , wallace hear a haunt noise . he see the bowmen more clearly , and the English infantry . some be wear kilt and march to bagpipe . wallace irish troops ! stephen of ireland , with the scottish infantry he stare at the approach of he countryman . wallace appear beside he . Stephen see he , and be ashamed . stephen so that 's where longshank get he soldier . irishman , willing to kill Scottish cousin for the English . william they family be starve , they will feed they however they can . if you do not want to fight they -- stephen no . I will stand with you . loyal to the end . wallace signal to hamish and Campbell , among the schiltron . the formation , bristle with spear , move forward . hamish look back at wallace ; both man know the spearmen be the bait here . wallace and Stephen see the English heavy cavalry advance . stephen they can not be that stupid to attack the schiltron again . wallace be scan the battlefield . he see the English cavalry charge , but before they reach the bristle spear , they pull up , and crossbowman , move up behind the knight . wallace it 's only a faint to shield the crossbow ! the crossbowman fire a volley , too hurriedly . we see the hailstorm of bolt slash through the air in unison -- you can actually see they come . the bow fall short of the front rank of the schiltron . wallace now ! give them the dog ! Stephen signal , and up the slope behind they come handler with ten war dog . huge mastiff , they wear steel collar , with razor sharp protrusion . they handler hold they at the end of long catch pole . the crossbowman be distract from they reloading by the appearance of the mastiff ; now , as the Scottish handler run toward the English rank and unleash the dog , fear race through the English line . the dog tear into they . it be chaos ; the bowmen can not flee , and as the dog mix among they , the bowmen fire frantically , mostly hit each other . the dog ' collar slash leg ; they jaw crush bone ; even when they back leg be hack off , the frenzied dog keep kill . wallace signal to mornay with the Scottish cavalry . mornay do nothing . the crossbowman , though take great punishment , be beginning to overwhelm the dog by sheer number , and be regroup . wallace now ! charge ! charge they ! mornay tug he rein and lead he cavalry away . at the english command longshank and he officer see mornay and he cavalry melt away . the English general look knowingly at longshank . general mornay ? longshanks for double he land in Scotland , and match estate in England . wallace , with stephen they see the Scottish army abandon . stephen betray ! wallace glance to the other hilltop ; still no sign of Bruce . he look on in agony as the crossbowman unleash another volley . the Scottish spearmen , bunched in a tight group , be helpless . the bolt fall , cut through they helmet and breastplate like paper . wallace have no cavalry -- and he man be be slaughter ! he spur he horse , and Stephen and the infantrymen race behind he . the English heavy cavalry surge to meet they , but wallace weave through they , dodging with he horse , slashing with the broadsword , cut down on knight , another , another ... the Scottish infantry claw in , drag down the horse , hack the knight as they run by . the English bowmen be about to fire again , but they see the Scottish charge bear down on they and adjust they aim ; the bolt cut into the infantrymen ; one bolt tear off the armor of wallace 's leave shoulder . he wobble on he horse , regains he balance , and keep up the charge . at the english command longshank and he general be watch the action . general my God , and still they come ! longshanks use the reinforcement ! but take wallace alive ! the General signal and the English reinforcement surge into the battle . in the thick of the battle on horseback , wallace fight he way into the watery edge of the field , where English infantry be now overrun the schiltron . he hack man down leave and right , reach the Scottish center , and find hamish bend over another soldier . wallace dismount . wallace hamish ! Ham -- and wallace see that hamish be hold he father , fall in battle . wallace have no time to react ; he cut down and English swordsman move in to hack hamish 's back . wallace lift Campbell across the saddle , and shout at hamish ... wallace get he away ! hamish obey , jump onto the horse and gallop back toward the rear . wallace fight with new vengeance , swinging the double - edge broadsword with deadly accuracy . rallied by wallace 's presence , the Scots surge back . then wallace see the English reinforcement cavalry come . wallace a charge ! form up ! form up ! the Scots pull up spear and hastily form another schiltron . the spear bristle out , ready ... the English horseman thunder in . but before the spear impale the horse , another flight of crossbow bolt cut down half the Scots still fight . hamish reach the rear of the battle and lower the limp body of he father to the Scottish monk who be attend to the wounded and give absolution to the die ... still wallace fight back , meeting the English charge . the Scots hold they own . a English knight try to ride over William ; he knock the lance aside , and tough the horse slam into he , William also unseat the rider . the rider roll to he foot . William struggle up to meet he -- and come face to face with Robert the Bruce . the shock and recognition stun wallace ; in that moment , look at Robert the Bruce 's guilt -ridden face , he understand everything : the betrayal , the hopelessness of Scotland . as he stand there freeze , a bolt punch into the muscle of he neck , and wallace do not react to it . Bruce be horrify at the sight of wallace this way . he batter at wallace 's sword , as if its use would give he absolution . ROBERT fight I ! fight I ! but wallace can only stagger back . Bruce 's voice grow rag as he scream . ROBERT fight I ! all around , the battle have decaye ; the Scots be be slaughter . another bolt glance off wallace 's helmet ; a third rip into he thigh plate , make he leg collapse . suddenly Stephen come through the melee , on Robert 's horse ! he hit Robert from behind , knock he down , and jump to the ground to try and lift William onto the horse ! Robert see a knot of crossbowman move up , sighting out wallace , take careful aim ! Bruce leap up and help Stephen sling wallace onto the back of the horse , even cover he with he shield , deflect another bolt fire at wallace , as Stephen mount too . as the horse plunge away into the smoke , Robert fall to the water . his own troops reach he , realize who he be , see the horrible expression on he face , and race on after the Scots . Robert be leave alone , on he knee in the water , the fire and noise of battle now dim to he , as if he sense have die along with he heart . longshanks look over the battlefield , strewn with the body of the Scottish dead . for now , he be satisfied . ext . road - sunset remnant of the defeat army straggle past . wallace and Stephen be try to help hamish carry he father , but now old Campbell say ... campbell Son ... I want to die on the ground . but as they tilt old Campbell onto the ground , he grab at something that start to fall from the wound in he stomach . campbell whew . that will clear you sinuse . Goodbye , boy . hamish no . you be go to live . campbell I do not think I can do without one of that ... whatever it be ... hamish be too grief-strick to speak . wallace you ... be like my father ... Old Campbell rally one more time for this . campbell ... and glad to die , like he ... so you could be the man you be . all of ya . the last three word to hamish , tell he he 's a hero too . campbell I be a happy man . hamish be weep . when he look up again , he father have die . we pull back from they in tableaux , with the army , the people of Scotland , the whole gray world in defeat . int . edinburgh castle - day wallace , still bloody and in he batter armor , remove the chain of office from beneath he breastplate , lay it onto the table in front of Craig and the other noble , and walk from the room . hamish and Stephen see the satisfaction on the noble ' face , and follow William out . int . castle corridor - day hamish and Stephen move out into the hallway after wallace -- but he be go . ext . wood - night wallace be in the wood , in the grove of tree , look at marion 's hide grave . the rain fall on he face , like tear . but he have no tear of he own . the cold , the icy rain , the wound , nothing seem to touch he . with he fingertip he carefully draw she embroider cloth from beneath he breastplate ; hang in he tremble hand , filthy with the grime and gore of battle , it look impossibly white , something from a better , purer world . dissolve to : int . palace in london - night Thunder , the sound of drive rain . snug by a massive fire be longshank , he son Edward , and other advisor . on the far side of the room , away from the fire , the princess stand at the window and watch the rain against the pane . advisor they noble have swear allegiance , m'lord . every last one . longshank savor the victory -- and gloat to he son . longshanks now we kill two bird at one stroke . we recruit from Scotland for we army in France . edward the Scots will fight for we ? longshanks what choice do they have ? now they must serve we or starve . edward but if we have not catch wallace -- longshanks ( explode ) he be go ! finish ! Dead ! if he have not yet ble to death or have he throat cut for he , he will not survive the winter . it be very cold -- be it not , we flower ? from the other side of the window , we see the princess as she hear he , but do not turn around . she look at the window , we snow swirl among the raindrop outside . her eye glisten , and she breath fog the glass . int . bruce's darkened chamber the elder Bruce , he decaye feature sagging from he face , stare across the table at he son . leper I be the one who be rotting . but I think you face look graver than mine . ROBERT he be so brave . with courage alone he nearly win . leper so more man be slaughter uselessly ! ROBERT he break because of I . I see it . he lose all will to fight . leper we must have alliance with England to prevail here . you achieve that ! you save you family , increase you land ! in time you will have all the power in Scotland !... yet you grieve . ROBERT in my heart I have begin to hope that he would never break . leper all man lose heart . all betray . it be exactly why we must make the choice we make . int . mornay' castle - night mornay , in a opulent bedchamber hang with tapestry and carpete with eastern rug , lie in bed , toss in the restless sleep of a torture soul . he think he hear gallop . in subliminal flash he dream of wallace riding toward he . he wake , and listen to a strange noise . it be hoofbeat ! come closer . he hear shout too , scream from below -- and that strange , approach hoofbeat ... wallace , on horseback ride up the circular stair inside mornay 's castle ! his horse bound up the stone -- mornay 's guard be behind he , on foot , pursue . at a landing , wallace cut down a guard , and gallop higher . in he bed , mornay sit up gawk as the door explode inward and wallace ride through ! mornay be freeze . wallace slashes he down . out in the corridor , the guard gather ; they have wallace trap . he cover the horse 's eye with a cloth and spur he flank . the blind animal run through the window ! ext . castle - night - slow motion the horse and rider plunge past the sheer wall of the castle ... and into the loch ! mornay 's guard and the castle servant cluster at the window to see wallace and the horse surface , and swim to the shore , escape ! ext . scottish village - day the news have spread through the countryside . in the town square , drunken scotsman chant ... people Wal -lace ! Wal -lace ! Wal -lace ! Old Craig ride past they , head toward the Bruce 's castle on the hill above the town . int . bruce castle - day Robert be in he central room ; he hear the chant from far below . Old Craig enter . ROBERT be it true about mornay ? Craig hand he the bloody nightshirt mornay be wear . ROBERT and he ride through the window ? my God . he can not hide he admiration . from below , he still hear the people chanting ... ext . london - garden - day longshank and Edward be in the royal garden , resplendent with spring . longshank pull a new flower , and crush it . longshanks his legend grow ! it will be worse than before ! edward you let wallace escape you whole army . you can not blame I for this . longshank glower at he son ; the princess arrive . princess good day to you , m'lord . edward you mock we with a smile ? princess I be cheerful with a plan to soothe you misery . all of England shudder with the news of renew rebellion . edward wallace 's follower . princess wallace himself . if you wish to pretend a ghost rally new volunteer in every Scottish town , I leave you to you haunting . if you wish to take he , I know a way . Edward snicker in derision -- but he wife be steel . princess I have face he . have you ? longshanks let she speak . princess he will fight you forever . but what do he fight for ? freedom first , and peace . so grant they . edward the little cow be insane -- princess grant , as you do everything else , with treachery . offer he a truce to discuss term , and send I to my castle at locharmbie as you emissary . he trust I . pick thirty of you finest assassin for I to take along . and I will set the meeting , and the ambush . longshanks you see , my delicate son ? I have pick you a Queen . ext . the princess ' scottish castle - day locharmbie be a small , picturesque castle on a hillside . as the queen 's entourage move through the gate , they close behind she . she step out of the carriage and move into int . castle - the great hall - day Inside the great hall be thirty killer , lead by they chief assassin , a cutthroat with a mangle eye . chief assassin we come in small group , so the rebel would not suspect . princess and you have reach wallace 's man ? chief assassin we tell the villager , and the traitor pass it on . all that 's leave be for you to say where . ext . marion be grove - night wallace be in the grove of tree where marion be bury . drink in the silence , he own isolation . he hear a rustle behind he , and spin , draw the broadsword . then he face register ... it 's hamish and Stephen . hamish be unsure if he do the right thing in come here -- unsure , until wallace move to they , and hug they . int . cave - night they be in the old secret cave ; rain be fall , but it 's dry inside , with a campfire smolder at the entrance . wallace thanks for the food and drink . and for bring them yourselves . hamish we be here to stay . we do not care to live , if we can not fight beside ya . Stephen pull a jug of whiskey from he pocket . he swig , hand it to hamish for a chug , then to wallace , who decline , but smile for the first time in many week . hamish there be ... one thing , William . longshank be offer a truce . he have dispatch he daughter - in- law as he emissary , and she have send word that she wish to meet you -- in a barn . wallace frown ; a barn ? ext . a barn in the scottish countryside - day hauntingly similar to the one in wallace 's childhood . as he sit on he horse and look at the place , surmounted by a white flag of truce , it give he a chill . but in full view of the barn , he hand hamish he sword and ride forward . inside the barn be the assassin , kill knife ready . chief assassin it 's William wallace , sure ! and ... he 's give up he sword ! be ready ! they position themselves at every entrance . outside the barn wallace reach the barn , dismount , and move toward the door . but suddenly , instead of enter , he grab the heavy bar and seal the door ! at this motion , Scots spring from the wood in all direction . the assassin inside realize the ambush be be turn on they , but it 's too late ; they hear the entrance be seal from the outside . more Scots , lead by Stephen , scramble up from hide , place tinder - dry brush and pitch against the barn , and set it on fire . in moment the entire barn be blaze . the Scots stand back and watch the barn burn , they face light by the flame . after awhile , there be no more scream from inside . ext . castle - night the princess see the burn off in the distance , like a bonfire . she stand on the wall , look out at it . and then she see , on a hillside , silhouett against the night and the fire , a rider , just sit there on he horse , look at the castle . she run into the castle , up the stair , and stand on the pinnacle of the castle , so that she too be silhouett , and he can see she . the lone rider be William wallace . close - a candle be place in a window of the stable cottage , build into the outer wall of the castle . at a distance , the candle burn like a tiny beacon . and William see it . inside the stable cottage , the princess sit alone , wonder if she signal be go to work . outside the castle wallace climb the castle wall , hand over hand up the mortare stone , to the window twenty foot above the ground . he reach the safety of the window cove and kneel on the ledge . he look through the window , and see she inside . inside the room , she look up , and see he there . the first glance frighten she , and yet she expect he , pray for he to come . now , for a long , long moment the two of they look at each other through the glass , each realize the implication of this moment . she move to the window and open it . the wind rush through extinguish the candle , and he slip inside . they face each other in the darkness . then she strike a match and relight the candle , and they look at each other . wallace a meeting in a barn . it have to be a trap . and only you would know I would be aware of it . princess it do I good to see you . william I be much diminish since we meet . she want to say something -- but instead she say something else . princess there will be a new shipment of supplies come north next month . food and weapon . they will trav -- william no. stop . I do not come here for that . princess then why do you come ? wallace why do you ? princess because of the way you be look at I now . the same way ... as when we meet . he turn he face away . gently , she pull it back . princess I know . you look at I ... and see she . he twist back toward the window . princess you must forgive I what I feel . no man have ever look at I as you do . surprise , he look at she now . wallace you have ... you have a husband . princess I have take vow . more than one . I have vow faithfulness to my husband , and swear to give he a son . and I can not keep both promise . slowly , it start to dawn on he what she 's ask , and a unexpected smile play at he lip . her smile light too . princess you understand . consider , before you laugh and say no . you will never own a throne , though you deserve one . but just as the sun will rise tomorrow , some man will rule England . and what if he vein run not with the blood of longshank , but with that of a true king ? wallace I can not love you for the sake of revenge . princess no . but can you love I for the sake of all you love and lose ? or simply love I ... because I love you ? slowly , he reach to the candle flame , and pinch it out . in the shadow of the cottage bed we see the surging , pent - up passion ... and dissolve to : the lover they body limp , they lie asleep , entwine . the first ray of morning spread yellow light through the room and across they face . wallace wake suddenly ; sunlight ! he grab for he clothes , as she wake , cover herself in the blanket and jump out of bed , rush to the window to look out . princess no one ! hurry ! he reach she , throw the window open , and see a clear path down the wall to safety . he stop and look at she , and touch she face in gratitude . she have to ask ... princess when we ... do you think of she ? pause to look straight into she eye , he kiss she -- she , not marion -- and climb out . she watch he go . ext . grove of tree - night wallace stand alone in the grove where marion lie . montage -- wallace and fifty man gallop through a village on the way to a English fortress ; the villager drop what they be do and run to follow they ; we see wallace 's face , relentless , as he hack man down in the attack ; with the fortress sack and smoking in the background , we see wallace lead he man away , the people cheer he ... ext . forest encampment - night once again , wallace stare at the fire , beside he friend . hamish Rest , William . wallace I rest . hamish you rest be make I exhaust . Stephen offer the jug ; wallace decline . stephen come , it will help you sleep . wallace aye . but it will not let I dream . pull a tatter tartan around himself , he lie down . longshanks , int . he palace - night he sit by a palace hearth , where a huge blaze burn ; still he 's huddle beneath a blanket , and cough blood . but he ignore the ice in he lung ; he mind be plotting . the princess , ext . the wall of her castle - night she walk the parapet alone , lose in she own thought . ROBERT the bruce , in a stone room of he castle sit stare at ... the stone coffin of he father . the coffin be close ; on its top be a lifesize stone carve of he father as a knight in final repose . rank of candle light the scene , and Robert 's face , cold as the stone . a shuffle ... Robert look up to see old Craig . craig May he rest in peace ... you have already seal the coffin ? ROBERT he be a modest man . craig it will not be long before longshank too be encase in stone , and he crown divide for other to wear . Craig sit next to Robert , and keep he voice low . craig we noble be frighten and confuse ... wallace have the commoner stir up again , from the highland clan to the lowland village . in another six month Christ and the apostle could not govern this country . Robert only stare at he father 's stone coffin . craig longshank know he son will scarcely be able to rule England , much less half of France . he need Scotland settle , and he trust you , after falkirk . if you pay he homage , he will recognize you as king of Scotland . we noble have agree to this as well . he show Robert a parchment bear the noblest name in Scotland . the Bruce barely glance at it . ROBERT if I pay homage to another 's throne , then how be I a king ? craig homage be nothing . it be the crown that matter ! ROBERT the crown be that of Scotland . and Scotland be William wallace . craig that be another matter . there be a price to all this , require both by longshank and we noble . pay it , and you will be we king . and we will have peace . Robert turn from he father 's coffin , to look at Craig . ext . forest encampment - night a commotion ; the noble , they head hood , be lead in on horseback by guerrilla from the village . the noble stop , feel they hood pull off , and see wallace . craig Sir William . we come to seek a meeting . wallace you have all swear to longshank . craig a oath to a liar be no oath at all . a oath to a patriot be a vow indeed . every man of we be ready to swear loyalty to you . wallace so let the council swear publicly . craig we cannot . some scarcely believe you be alive . other think you will pay they mornay 's wage . we bid you to Edinburgh . meet we at the city gate , two day from now , at sunset . pledge we you pardon and we will unite behind you . Scotland will be one . wallace glance at hamish and Stephen , who can barely hide they contempt . wallace look at the noble . wallace I will meet you , but only one way -- if Robert the Bruce be there , and put he hand on my Bible , and swear he loyalty to Scotland . craig he have already agree to come . ext . forest - night wallace stand alone , look at the moon and star . hamish move up and sit down beside he . hamish you know it 's a trap . wallace probably . but we can not win alone . we know that . this be the only way . hamish I do not want to be a martyr . wallace nor I ! I want to live ! I want a home and child and peace . I have ask god for that thing . but he 's bring I this sword . and if he will that I must lay it down to have what he want for my country , then I will do that too . hamish that 's just a dream , William ! wallace we have live a dream together . a dream of freedom ! hamish you dream be not about freedom ! they be about marion ! you have to be a hero , because you think she see you ! be that it ? wallace my dream of marion be go . I kill they myself . if I know I could live with she on the other side of death , I would welcome it . ext . road into edinburgh - sunset William , hamish , and Stephen be on they horse , look down at the road lead into the city . wallace hand he dagger to Stephen , and unbuckle he broadsword and give it to hamish . hamish keep this . we be go too . wallace no . one of we be enough . wallace hug they , first Stephen , then hamish . tear roll down hamish 's cheek . with one last look at he friend , wallace ride away . ext . large estate house - sunset the house look quiet as wallace ride toward it . int . estate house - day Robert the Bruce and Craig stand at the hearth , tense . craig he will not come . ROBERT he will . I know he will . they hear the approach of a single horse . the Bruce look out to see wallace arrive . ROBERT here . and unarm . my God , he have a brave heart . outside the house wallace dismount and enter . int . the house wallace appear at the doorway into the main room , and stop . Bruce face he . the eye of both men meet , say everything . wallace step into the room . he see something flicker onto Bruce 's face -- shame -- just as henchmen in the rafter drop a weight net and it envelope wallace . English soldier spring from the closet , run down the stair , and tumble over he , rip at he clothes , search as if broadsword might spring from he boot . they bind wallace hand and foot . he stare at Robert the Bruce , who avert he eye . the soldier hurry wallace out the back , where other be bring up horse . Robert grab the English Captain of the soldier . ROBERT he be not to be harme . I have you king 's absolute promise that he will be imprison only ! the Captain look at Bruce the way the High Priest must have look at juda , and leave . craig now we will have peace . Robert the Bruce spot something on the floor that must have fall from wallace 's clothes as they grab he ; Bruce lift the white handkerchief , and see the familiar thistle embroider on it . ext . road - northern england - day a procession of heavily armed English soldier wind its way toward London , wallace strapped to a unsaddle horse , he head bare to the sun . country people come out to jeer ... people do not look so fearsome , do he ?! a throw rock careen off wallace 's check ; rotten fruit slap he shirt . his lip be so parched they bleed . int . royal palace - longshanks ' bedroom - day Edward inspect he father , who lie semiconscious in bed , breath rattling ominously in he chest . Edward approve . int . the palace hallway - day the princess hurry up to she husband as he leave the king 's bedroom , and follow he down the hall to he own . princess be it true ? wallace be capture ? edward simply because he elude you trap , do you think he be more than a man ? my father be die . perhaps you should think of we coronation . princess when will he trial be ? edward wallace 's ? for treason there be no trial . tomorrow he will be charge , then execute . with a faint smile , he shut he bedroom door in she face . int . ROBERT the bruce's castle - day the Bruce be incredulous , yell at Craig . ROBERT longshank promise ! craig you be surprised he would lie ? balliol be murder in a church yesterday . you be longshank ' new designate . you will be king . int . tower dungeon wallace stand in medieval restraint worthy of hannibal lecter . before he be six scarlet - robe royal magistrate . royal magistrate William wallace ! you stand in taint of high treason . we push in on the iron mask that bind he face . we can only see he eye -- but they be bright . wallace treason . against whom ? magistrate against thy king , thou vile fool ! hast thou anything to say ? wallace never , in my whole life , do I swear allegiance to you king -- magistrate it matter not , he be thy king ! wallace -- while many who serve he have take and break he oath many time . I can not commit treason , if I have never be he subject ! magistrate confess , and you may receive a quick death . deny , and you must be purify by pain . do you confess ? ... do you confess ?! wallace I do not confess . magistrate then on the morrow , thou shalt receive they purification ... and in the end , I promise you will beg for the axe . ext . establishing - the tower the stone prison , and the wretch stone section know to this day as the wallace Tower . int . prison - night wallace be alone in he cell , still in the garish restraint . we can only see he eye , as he pray . wallace I be so afraid ... give I strength . outside the cell door the jailer jump to they foot as the princess enter . jailer you highness ! princess I will see the prisoner . jailer we have order from the king -- princess the king will be dead in a month ! and he son be a weakling ! who do you think will rule this kingdom ? now OPEN this door ! the jailer obey . the princess can barely contain she shock at the sight of wallace ; the jailer snatch he upright . jailer on you foot , you filth ! princess stop ! leave I ! ( they hesitate ) there be no way out of this hell ! leave I with he ! reluctantly the jailer shuffle out of the cell , but they can still see she back and hear she . look at wallace 's eye through the mask , she can not quite hold back she tear -- dangerous tear , that threaten to say too much . wallace try to distract she . wallace m'lady ... what kindness of you to visit a stranger . princess Sir , I ... come to beg you to confess all , and swear allegiance to the king , that he might show you mercy . wallace will he show mercy to my country ? will he take back he soldier , and let we rule ourselves ? princess mercy ... be to die quickly . perhaps even live in the Tower . in time , who know what can happen , if you can only live . wallace if I swear to he , then everything I be be dead already . she want to plead , she want to scream . she can not stop the tear . and the jailer be watch . wallace you people be lucky to have a princess so kind that she can grieve at the death of a stranger . she almost go too far now , pull closer to he -- but she do not care . she whisper , plead ... princess you will die ! it will be awful ! wallace every man die . not every man really life . she pull out a hide vial , and whisper ... princess drink this ! it will dull you pain . wallace it will numb my wit , and I must have they all . if I be senseless , or if I wail , then longshank will have break I . princess I can not bear the think of you torture . take it ! on the verge of hysteria , she press the vial to the air hole at he mouth and pour in the drug . the jailer , see suspicious movement , shift inside the cell ; she back up , she eye wide , full of love and goodbye . from inside the mask , he watch she go . when the door clang shut , he spit the purple drug out through the mouth hole . int . longshanks ' bedchamber - night longshank lie helpless , he body rack with consumption . Edward sit against the wall , watch he die , glee in he eye . the princess enter , and march to the bedside . princess I have come to beg for the life of William wallace . edward you fancy he . princess I respect he . at worst he be a worthy enemy . show mercy ... oh thou great king ... and win the respect of you own people . longshank shake he head . princess even now , you be incapable of mercy ? the king can not speak . but hatred still glow in he eye . the princess look at she husband . princess nor you . to you that word be as unfamiliar as love . edward before he lose he power of speech , he tell I he one comfort be that he would live to know wallace be dead . she lean down and grab the die king by the hair . the guard flanking the door start forward but the princess 's eye flare at they with more fire than even longshank once show -- and the guard back off . she lean down and hiss to longshank , so softly that even Edward can not hear ... princess you see ? death come to we all . and it come to William wallace . but before death come to you , know this : you blood die with you . a child who be not of you line grow in my belly . you son will not sit long on the throne . I swear it . she let go of the old king . he sag like a empty sack back onto he satin pillow . without even a look at she husband she stride out of the room , with the rattling breath of the die king rasp the air like a see . ext . london town square - execution day the crowd be festive ; hawker sell roast chicken , and beer from barrel . Royal horseman arrive , drag wallace strapped to a wooden litter . as they cut he loose and lead he through the crowd , the people begin to jeer and throw thing at he : chicken bone , rock , empty tankard . we see a former English soldier , one of that who fle in terror at the battle of Stirling , lift a stone from the street and hurl it ; it crack against wallace 's cheek . wallace 's eye capture the soldier , and hold he , pierce he soul . the soldier look away in shame , even as the rest of the crowd jeer more . grim magistrate prod wallace and he climb the execution platform . on the platform be a noose , a dissection table with knife in plain view , and a chopping block with a enormous axe . wallace see it all . magistrate we will use it all before this be over . or fall to you knee now , declare yourself the king 's loyal subject , and beg he mercy , and you shall have it . he emphasize " mercy " by point to the axe . wallace be pale , and trebles -- but he shake he head . the crowd grow noisier as they put the noose around wallace 's neck ... we intercut : -- the princess , in helpless agony , hearing the distant noise from she room in the palace ... -- hamish and Stephen , disguise as peasant among the crowd , helpless too , but there , as if to shoulder some of the pain . -- longshank , rattling , cough blood , as Edward watch . -- Robert the Bruce pace along the wall of he castle in Scotland . his eye be haunt ; he grip the embroider handkerchief that belong to wallace . on the execution stand a trio of burly hood executioner cinch a rope around wallace 's neck and hoist he up a pole . crowd that 's it ! stretch he ! in the score , amazing grace , wail on bagpipe , carry through all that happen now ... tye hand and foot , wallace be strangling . the magistrate watch coldly ; even when the executioner give he a look that say they be about to go too far , he prolong the moment ; then the magistrate nod and the executioner cut the rope . wallace slam to the platform ; the magistrate lean to he . magistrate pleasant , yes ? rise to you knee , kiss the royal emblem on my cloak , and you will feel no more . with great effort , wallace rise to he knee . the magistrate assume a formal posture and offer the cloak . wallace struggle all the way to he foot . magistrate very well then . Rack he . the executioner slam wallace onto he back on the table , spread he arm and leg , and tie each to a crank . goad by the crowd , they pull the rope taut . they crowd grow quiet enough to hear the groan of wallace 's limb . hamish and Stephen feel it in they own body . magistrate wonderful , be not it , that a man remain conscious through such pain . enough ? wallace shake he head . the executioner cut off he clothes , take hot iron from a fire box . the crowd grow silent ; we see they , not wallace , as the iron be touch to he body , but we hear the burn of flesh . then the magistrate signal ; wallace want to say something . wallace that ... will ... clear you sinuse . everyone hear ; hamish smile , even through he tear . rebuffed , the magistrate nod to the executioner , who lift the terrible instrument of dissection . we be spare see the cut : we be on wallace's face as the disembowelment begin . the magistrate lean in beside he . magistrate it can all end . right now ! bliss . peace . just say it . Cry out . " mercy ! " yes ?... yes ? the crowd can not hear the magistrate but they know the procedure , and they goad wallace , chant ... crowd mer-cy ! mer-cy ! mer-cy ! wallace 's eye roll to the magistrate , who signal quiet ! magistrate ( booming ) the prisoner wish to say a word ! silence . hamish and Stephen weep , whisper , pray ... hamish and stephen mercy , William ... say mercy ... wallace 's eye flutter , and clear . he fight through the pain , struggle for one last deep breath , and scream ... wallace freeeee-dommmmmm ! the shout ring through the town . hamish hear it . the princess hear it , at she open window , and touch she tummy , just show the first sign of she pregnancy . longshank and he son seem to hear ; the cry still echoes as if the wind could carry it through the end of Scotland ; and Robert the Bruce , on the wall of he castle , look up sharply , as if he have hear ... in the london square the crowd have never see courage like this ; even English stranger begin to weep . the angry , defeat magistrate give a signal . they cut the rope , drag wallace over and put he head on the block . the executioner lift he huge axe -- and wallace look toward the crowd . the crowd , wallace's Pov he see hamish , eye brim , face glow ... slow motion - the axe begin to drop . wallace's Pov in the last half - moment of he life , when he have already step into the world beyond this one , he glimpsis someone stand at hamish 's shoulder . she be beautiful , smile , serene . she be marion . CUT to black : ROBERT the bruce his face have change . he be stand at the OPEN grave where marion lay , the headstone carve with the thistle still there . he hold the handkerchief . as he tuck it into he own pocket , and we move in on he eye , we realize the voice over belong to he . ROBERT ( v.o. ) after the behead , William wallace 's body be tear to piece . his head be set on London bridge , where passerby be invite to jeer at the man who have cause so much fear in England . ( beat ) his arm and leg be send to the four corner of Britain as warning . ext . scottish towns - various shot - day we see the people , as the remain of William wallace be display in a box . the face of the young man be fiery . ROBERT ( v.o . ) it do not have the effect that longshank plan . more young man put on tartan , take up they weapon , and gather into fight unit . among they be hamish , carry a shield emblazon with a cocked arm hold a broadsword , and the word " for freedom . " ext . scottish highland - day Robert the Bruce , flanke by the noblemen and the banner of the Scottish throne , and back by a ragtag army of Scots , sit on he horse and look down at the English general in they martial finery . the English be haughty , victorious , at the head of they colorful , polished army , await the ceremony of submission from Scotland 's new king . ROBERT ( v.o. ) and I , Robert the Bruce , back by a body of Scottish veteran , ride out to pay homage to the army of the English king , and accept he endorsement of my crown . from below , on the OPEN plain - day the Scots -- the remain of William wallace 's army -- look so rag and defeat that it hardly seem worth the wait . one english commander turn and joke with another ... english commander I hope you wash you ass this mornin -- it 's never be kiss by a king before . up on the hill , Robert the Bruce sit on he horse , and wait . he look down at the English general , at they banner , they army . he look down the rank at he own . he see hamish . Stephen . Old macclannough be there , he eye watery , he weapon sharp . the Scottish bride Lord bottom take be there , among the ragtag archer , she husband beside she . Robert know none of they -- yet he know they all . Old Craig , among the other Scottish noble mount beside the Bruce , grow impatient . craig come , let 's get it over with . but Robert hold something -- uncurl he fist , he look at the thistle handkerchief that belong to wallace . the noble start to rein they horse toward the English . ROBERT stop . Robert the Bruce tuck the handkerchief safely behind he breastplate , and turn to the highlander who line the hilltop with he . he take a long breath , and shout -- ROBERT the bruce you have ble with wallace ! now bleed with I ! Bruce 's broadsword slide from its scabbard . a cry rise from highlander , as from a tomb , rise -- scot Wal -lace ! Wal -lace ! Wal -lace ! the chant build to a frenzy ; it shake the earth . the Scottish noble can scarcely believe it ; the English be shocked even more . Robert the Bruce , king of Scotland , spur he horse into full gallop toward the English , and the highlander hurl they body down the hill , ready to run through hell itself . in slow motion we see they face ... and over this , we hear the voice of William wallace ... wallace's voice in the year of we Lord 1314 , patriot of Scotland , starve and outnumber , charge the field of bannockburn . they fight like warrior poet . they fight like scotsman . and win they freedom . forever . on wallace 's army behind Robert the Bruce , charge down the hill to victory and glory , we slow to freeze frame and hear they chant , huge , echoing ... scot Wal -lace ! Wal -lace ! Wal -lace ! fade out : the end