Brazil screenplay ( draft ) 1 ext . cityscape sunset 1 a beautiful golden sun be set . the sky be on fire . the camera start to move downward . a large neon sign rise into shot . it rest on top of a skyscraper and fill the frame . the building be neither past nor future in design but a bit of both . slowly we pan downward revealing the city that spread below ... a glitter conglomeration of elevate transport tube , smaller square building which be merely huge , with , here and there , the comparatively minuscule relic of previous age of architecture , pavement level awning suggest restaurant and shop ... transparent tube carry whizzing transport cage past we ... a elevate highway carry traffic compose primarily of large transport lorry pass through frame . as we descend , the sunlight be block out and street light & neon sign take over as illumination . eventually we reach the upper level of a plush shopping precinct . 2 int . shopping precint night 2 Xmas decoration be everywhere . people be busy buy , ogling , discuss , choose wisely from the goody on display . shopper be go by laden with superbly package goods ... the shop window be full of elaborately box and be-ribbone who -know - what . in one window be a bank of tv set - on the great majority of the screen be the face of mr . helpmann - the deputy Minister of information . he be be interview . no - one bother to listen to helpmann . interviewer deputy minister , what do you believe be behind this recent increase in terrorist bombing ? helpmann bad sportsmanship . a ruthless minority of people seem to have forget certain good old fashioned virtue . they just can not stand see the other fellow win . if this people would just play the game , instead of stand on the touch line heckling - interviewer in fact , kill people - helpmann - in fact , kill people - they would get a lot more out of life . we pull away from the shop to concentrate on the shopper . helpmann 's voice carry over the rest of the scene . interviewer Mr. helpmann , what would you say to that critic who maintain that the Ministry of information have become too large and unwieldy ...? helpmann David ... in a free society information be the name of the game . you can not win the game if you be a man short . fur bedeck shopper pass in front of what appear to be bank of snow but as we pan along with they the " snow " turn out to be fire- fight foam . it ooze out of a shop front that be a char twisted mass of metal frame . workmen be busily sealing the open with plywood sheet , shopper pay no attention to this . Xmas carol be be play by a salvation Army style band call themselves Consumers for Christ . Santa Claus 's grotto be busy , all be well with the world . interviewer and the cost of it all , deputy Minister ? Seven percent of the gross national produce ... helpmann I understand this concern on behalf of the tax - payer . people want value for money and a cost -effective service . 3 int . office night 3 CUT to tv screen with helpmann still talk . helpmann that be why we always insist on the principle of information retrieval charge . this terrorist be not pull they weight , and it 's absolutely right and fair that that find guilty should pay for they period of detention and the information retrieval procedure use in they interrogation . pull back to reveal a rather clinical office . the tv rest on a desk . a white coated technician be sorting out he in - tray . several Christmas card be amongst he paperwork . he come upon a christmassy package which he rip open , to discover a shiny , metal " executive toy " . CUT to the beetle dron up near the ceiling . the technician be disturb by the buzz of the beetle as it whirr around the fluorescent light . he roll up some paper and form and get up to swat the insect . scene 4 - 12 deleted . 4 - 12 deleted . 13 int . office night 13 the technician get up and balance a chair on top of he desk . he climb up onto it attempt to swat the beetle still buzzing about the room just out of reach . beneath he a automatic type-write machine rattles away compile a type list of name under the head " information retrieval , subject for detention & interview " . the machine be be feed from a spool of paper which be be rhythmically chop by a automatic guillotine which neatly leave each name on a separate sheet , with the title above each name , each sheet follow its predecessor into a hold basket . in close - up we see the name on the sheet of paper building up in the hold basket : tonsted , Simon ... topper , Martin f. ... trollope , Benjamin G. ... turb , William K. ... turner , John D. ... every name begin with T . interviewer do you think that the government be win the battle against terrorist ? helpmann on yes . we morale be much higher than theirs , we be field all they stroke , run a lot of they out , and pretty consistently knock they for six . I would say they be nearly out of the game . the technician be totter on one leg on the chair on the desk as he strain to swat the beetle . swish , swash , oop , whap ! gottcha !! interviewer but the bombing campaign be now in its thirteenth year ... helpmann beginner 's luck . the beetle 's career come to a halt ... squash flat on the brilliantly clean ceiling ... or have it ? as the technician clamber down from the rickety height , the beetle 's carcass come unstuck from the ceiling and drop silently into the typewrite machine which hiccough , hesitates and then type the letter " B " and hesitates and then continue so that the next name be buttle , Archibald . the technician fail to notice this and the machine continue smoothly tutwood , Thomas T. ... tuzczlow , Peter ... interviewer thank you very much , deputy Minister . helpmann thank you , David ... and a very merry Christmas to you all . 14 ext . housing tower night 14 zooming past foreground outdoor Xmas decoration we tighten in on one of several massive residential tower block that loom over what appear to be a poorer part of the city 15 int . buttle flat night 15 helpmann and interviewer be on the tv , the end credit roll over they to the beat of a mozart theme tune . pulling back we reveal that the tv be in a conventional sit room , conventionally decorate for Christmas ; out the room be oddly encumber by huge metal conduit that snake unpleasantly across and through the wall . smaller conduit radiate from the main one connect the various service that Central service ( the name emblazon on the metal ) supply to this household . a conventionally poor but proud family occupy the room . mrs buttle be read dicken ' Christmas Carol to girl buttle who be about six . boy buttle play quietly with a toy machine gun and some action man dress in security gear . mr. buttle be put the final touch to a neatly wrap Christmas present which look identical to the " executive toy " we have just see in he technician be office . faintly from outside come a burst of laughter . a tilt of the camera indicate that the laughter be come from the floor above . 16 int . jill flat night 16 the flat be very bare and basic . the laughter be come from a cheap portable television show " sgt. bilko . from bilko' Pov we look through a open door of a bathroom straight at a mirror propped up by the bath , to enable the person in the bath to watch the tv . the person in the bath be jill layton , wash the grime off herself while she watch bilko in the mirror . from she Pov in the mirror , the t.v. screen be suddenly obscure by part of the body of a man in uniform . jill ( scared ) who 's there ? 17 int . buttle' flat night 17 the buttle family as before . mrs buttle be close the book . mrs buttle there , that 's enough for tonight . he will not come Xmas Eve if you do not get plenty of sleep . girl buttle Father Christmas can not come if we have not get a chimney . mrs buttle you will see . the girl exchange goodnight kiss with she parent and leave the room . girl buttle how will he get down from upstairs ? boy buttle it 's a secret . we follow girl buttle out of the sit room into ... 18 int . hallway and children' bedroom night 18 girl buttle enter she bedroom . there be little or no light there , and she see a bulky figure apparently lowering himself into the room from the direction of the ceiling . girl buttle ( unalarm ) you have come ... as she move , the light from the hallway show we the figure of what look like a commando on a night raid , slowly slide down a pole in he middle of the room . the pole at the top end disappear through a hole in the ceiling . thing become immediately clearer 19 int . buttle sitting -room night 19 crash ! it 's a raid ! Battle -dress security troops smash trough the door . another one , swing from a rope , kick in the window from the outside and enter that way . most alarmingly of all , a shower of plaster come down from the ceiling in which a fairly neat round hole appear and through the hole come a fireman 's pole down which slide two more security troops . the whole thing be short , brutal and violent . buttle be grab violently and stuff into a baglike canvas device that cover he from head to waist . a metal clamp go round he neck , a metal bar slide up the back of the bag . his hand be handcuff to the metal bar . in second he have become a canvas parcel . meanwhile , girl buttle have be carry out of she bedroom and dumped into the lap of she scream mother . boy buttle have he toy machine gun knock out of he hand by a trooper who we see be identical in dress to the action man boy buttle have be play with . he rush to he mother as gun be viciously train on they . troops be kick open the door of other room and generally do a good job . a official , wear plain clothes , now enter from the front door and during the turmoil be read aloud from a official document . it go something like this : official I hereby inform you under power entrust to I under section 47 , paragraph 7 of Council order number 438476 , that Mr buttle , Archibald , reside at 412 North Tower , shangri La tower , have be invite to assist the Ministry of information with certain enquiry , the nature of which may be ascertain on completion of application form bz/st/486 / C fourteen day within this date , and that he be liable to certain obligation as specify in Council order 173497 , include financial restitution which may or may not be incur if information retrieval procedure beyond that incorporate in article 7 subsection 8 , 10 & 32 be require to elicit information lead to permanent arrest - notification of which will he serve with the time period of 5 work day as stipulate by law . in that instance the detainee will be debite without further notice through central banking procedure without prejudice until and unless at such a time when re-imbursement procedure may be institute by you or third party on completion of a re-imbursement form rb/cz/907/x ... ... and more of the same , most of which be part of the audible wall paper while the chaos reign . as the front door slam behind the captive relative peace return , break by mrs buttle 's anguish sobbing . official ( proffering a pen and a thick book of pink receipt to Mrs buttle ) sign here please . mrs buttle ( daze . she sign weakly ) what ? where have you take he ? official ( take the book ) thank you . ( he hand she another book , this one of blue receipt ) ( indicate place to sign ) same again please . just there . ( check first book of receipt ) Press harder he time . good . mrs buttle ( signing again ) what be this all about ? official ( tear out sheet from pink book ) that 's you receipt for you husband . ( take blue book from she ) thank you . and this be my receipt for you receipt . ( he turn to leave along with trooper ) jill 's shocked face appear look down through the hole in the ceiling . the face of the workmen bill and charlie also appear , above and behind she . jill Mrs buttle , be you alright ? the helmete security troops in buttle 's flat drop to defensive position and swing they machine gun up towards the hole in the ceiling . all three face retreat . 20 int . jill flat night 20 charlie ( start back from the hole with Bill and Jill ) eh! eh! eh! we be Department of Works ! Department of Works up here ! careful with that bloody thing ! jill , charlie and bill be hustle aside by a security man who clear the fireman 's pole from the hole . we can see the troops in the room below leave . a second security man have untied a rope hang out of the open window . he coil the rope up neatly and the two security men leave the flat . bill ( to Jill as they watch this highly efficient operation ) do not take any notice , love , it 's they training make they like animal . best in the world , though . jill who be you ? charlie do not you worry love , we will have everything shipshape in a jiffy . bill that 's it . nothing to worry about . charlie it 's buttle downstairs who can worry , eh ? jill there must be some mistake ... Mr buttle 's harmless ... bill we do not make mistake . so say , he drop the manhole cover , which be face with same material as the floor , over the hole in the floor . to he surprise it drop neatly through the floor into the flat below . charlie bloody typical , they have go back to metric without tell we 20a int . buttle ' flat night 20 a mrs buttle stand stunne in the middle of she decimate flat . the kide wail . slowly mrs buttle collapse - slumping to the floor with the receipt in she hand : we tighten into close up of " receipt " . jill ( off camera ) Mrs buttle ? Mrs buttle ? 21 int . record clerk pool 21 we come in on a close up of a pink version of the receipt be stamp and impale on desk spike as we pull out to reveal a infinite expanse of regularly arrange metal desk , each desk with a build - in t.v. console , and each ( except one ) occupy by a clerk . every desk be snow under with piece of paper much like the receipt see in the previous scene . more pacer be deliver to each desk intermittently by way of pneumatic tube . office boy bustle about with even more paperwork . from the back of the room we get a view of the screen which show graph , tabulation , figure ... all of this activity be supervise from a elevate walkway by mr kurtzman . satisfied that all be well with he clerk he turn and walk towards he glass enclose private office at the top of the room , he name lettere on the opaque glass door . mr kurtzman go through this door and as he close it behind he , all activity in the clerk pool cease . each clerk adjust he t.v. screen with the flick of a switch , and all the screen change to something which look very like " the good , the bad and the Ugly " . 22 int . mr kurthman' office day 22 mr kurtzman also have a t.v. console . he sit behind he desk , reach for he in -tray , and without look at the console he turn he screen on . he look through a number of file in he in-tray . he be surprised to hear a voice say , " turn around real slow , amigo " . mr kurtzman turn around real slow , he expression relax , he thump he t.v. console with a large fist , and the screen obediently flick to a display of figure . he pick up a file which we see as mark " buttle , Archibald " . he open the file and start punch the keyboard of the console . the t.v. start bleep in a alarmed way . mr kurtzman be puzzle . he punch more figure . the screen start to flash " error , error , error " . mr kurtzman sigh with frustration . he press a intercom . mr kurtzman ( into intercom ) Mr lowry , will you step in here please ? he return he attention , puzzle to the file . nobody come into the office . mr kurtzman get up and walk over to he door and open it . Beyond the door the room full of clerk be obediently concentrate on the bleep and whirring console . from mr kurthman' Pov we see that in the centre of the room be a unoccupy desk . mr kurtzman do anyone know where lowry be ? nobody know . mr kurtzman close he door again . a moment later it seem to he , and to we , that he have hear the crash of six gun blaze away at each other . he re-open the door . the only sound again . he go back to he desk . he punch a few key . the machine start emit even more alarming beep , then horse whinny , then " admit you be whupped , you drygulch scum " . kurtzman explode with anger , and press the intercom again . mr kurtzman ( shout into intercom ) where the hell be Sam lowry ?! 23 ext . sky day 23 CUT to brilliantly clear sky . from on high a odd bird - like figure swoops down on the camera . as it come closer we can see that it be , in fact , a man wear strange wood and metal bird wing . in the bright sunshine they flap movement create a brilliant , flash effect . along with the wing , SAM lowry ( for this be he ) wear a outfit that combine the best of flash Gordon and a wwi fighter pilot . he sweep past the camera and then , banking , rise back into shot in mcu . a ethereal voice can be hear call " Sam ... Sam ... Sam " . he hover , look beyond the camera to something wonderful . CUT to face of stunningly beautiful girl , she be the idealise twin of jill layton ... her long hair swirl across she face partially obscure it and make she appear slightly mysterious . the camera pull away from she as soft billow material sinuously undulate about she . it rise and fall like wave carry on the wind . as the camera glide back through this sea of gossamer we can see that the girl be be hold aloft by and in it . a vast landscape stretch below she . the sun frame she in the sky . she and SAM be engage in a beautiful sensual aerial ballet . romantic music fill the soundtrack . SAM swoops up and away . the girl float in the distance as SAM . rise in the foreground . she beckon to he . SAM begin to flap back towards she . but then the dreamy quality of this scene be interrupt by threaten rumble . SAM look down . the ground far below he suddenly erupt as a massive , monolithic stone skyscraper burst through the surface and soar upwards with a mighty rush . CUT to the girl in long shot . the monolith rise up into frame partially cut she off from view . before SAM can do anything , another stone skyscraper break through the ground and rush upwards . then another and another . there be nothing SAM can do . the girl be be cut of from he by this gigantic faceless structure . and then she be finally lose from view somewhere in the depth of this strange stone metropolis . SAM lie closer . the stone skyscraper appear to be solid . no window . no door . nothing whatsoever to interfere with they clean , harsh , rectilinear design . as he fly among this tower block he see no sign of the girl , only sheer wall rise high above he . below he the wall plummet vertiginously into the darkish street . no sound but the creak flap of he wing can he hear in this dead place . come round a corner he see something in the distance . far below he a dark procession be wend its way through the narrow passage ... away from he . CUT to low angle shot of the procession make its way past the camera . Black -robe and cowl , the sinister figure look like heavily armed monk . this be the force of darkness . together they be strain at several heavy hawser that rise in long arc up to a huge metal cage float above and behind the procession . bind the cage be metal strap to which rope be attach . Inside be the girl - still envelop in gossamer which billow as if there be a breeze in constant attendance . CUT to SAM as he dive out of shot . CUT to the force of darkness suddenly stop in they track . they have see something . CUT to they Pov . there at the end of the passage between two stone skyscraper stand SAM ... barring the way . CUT to sword be unsheathed . cowl be throw back . underneath be rotting , break doll ' face . all the face be the same except for the manner in which they have decaye . they smile - slobbering , sickeningly . suddenly the robe body change shape - some rise up to become long , other expand sideways to become bulbous , other shrink . from the fold of cloth come evil weapon . the force be mass ready to charge . CUT to long shot of SAM . he remove he arm from he wing and fold the wing behind he . he be ready . cut to the force . nothing move ... except for the constant dribble from they crack mouth . CUT back to SAM . stillness . the tension be unbearable . suddenly SAM unleash a terrifying scream and charge the fearsome horde . unarm ! CUT to the force thunder down to SAM . weapon flail madly . SAM skillfully dodge the swordthrust of the lead field , and karate chop he senseless - at the same time catch he sword as he fall . spin around he parry a spearthrust and skewer a third attacker . slash ! hack ! stab ! he lay waste to the force . nothing can stop this boy . the pile of black -robe body grow with each swing of SAM 's sword . wham ! bam ! smash ! SAM carve he way through the mob with nary a scratch . and then , suddenly , they be all dead , but a heap of blackness to commemorate SAM 's prowess . the girl be beam as SAM make he way toward the hawser hold the cage . but then a noise behind he make he turn . there , behind he the pile of black shape begin to rise . the rope become a mass of flap black cloth . this evil churn cloud coalesc and lift off the ground . the horrible flap apparition emit a terrifying maniacal laughter as it fly away . SAM be about to rush after it to halt its escape but be stop by the sound of a telephone ringing . he look around - confuse . 24 int . sam' bedroom morning 24 tight shot of telephone . the ringing continue . a hand grapples with the receiver . SAM be in bed in a darken room . sleepily he drag receiver to he ear . SAM hello ... what ... what ? oh ... Mr kurtzman ! ... you be up late . oh , be it ? there be a electronic box of trick by he bed , incorporate a alarm . SAM thump it . the alarm go off . this set of a series of other thing ... the window shutter roll up let in the morning light . both tap turn on in the bathroom ... SAM ( into phone ) the electronics here be up the spout . your too , sir ? do not worry sir - I will be there . SAM put down the phone and get into he suit which be move towards he . notice one of he film poster be loose he push the pin in firmly . in the kitchen a coffee maker start up . in the sit room the television switch on . back in the bedroom a cupboard door spring open and a rack slide out with SAM 's clothes neatly hang - ready to be put on . SAM come out of the bathroom , have turn off the bath tap , and start to get dress . in the kitchen the coffee - maker have finish make 's small pot of coffee . SAM pour a quick cup and be go at the door . throughout all this we have have a chance to get a glimpse of SAM 's flat . it be functional , soulless and , though neat , have not be assemble with a loving hand . most of the furnishings be build in . the wall be divide into two - foot square metal panel paint a non-committal colour . certain of the wall panel have Central service logo on they with the admonition " do not obstruct or remove " below . SAM have liven he bedroom up with large and colorful film poster . the sit room sport several frame picture of wide beautiful vista . 25 int . ministry of information lobby day 25 this be a gigantic , vaguely 30 's monumental - style building . the lobby be a vast impressive space contain reception desk , fountain , statue etc . prominent be the security measure , which include automatic mobile camera , video screen and group of security men who search all who enter . SAM be finish go through Security when he meet jack who be on he way out of the building . jack Sam ! SAM Jack ! jack Long time no see ! SAM well , since you disappear up the ladder of information retrieval ... I do not expect to see you slumming in record - what 's the problem ? jack Problem ? - no problem - yes , everything 's go fantastically well , wonderful , marvelous , great career prospect , alison in great shape , kid fine , beautiful home , I be on Security level five now , and Mr helpmann rely on I more and more , yes , could not be better , I feel terrifically motivate and job - reward - SAM you sound worried . jack I ? - if I be worried about anyone , it 's you . what happen to you , Sam ? you be the brightest of we - as they have be talk , a nearby bank of close circuit tv screen have be display shot of people enter the lobby . as each one enter the camera zoom in tight on they face for a freeze close -up . jill have just enter and the camera zoom in and freeze on she face . SAM happen to glance up at this moment . he be startle - the over - expose tv image be the face of the girl from the dream . the face be only there a few second before be replace by another picture . SAM look about to see where the girl be , but jill , in overall , have she back to he as she stand in the queue for the information desk and so there be no - one even vaguely reminiscent of the dream girl . SAM decide he must have imagine it . over this jack have be talk . jack what 's the matter ? SAM sorry . nothing . ( snap out of it ) see you - I be go to be late . jack ( look at he watch ) you be late . SAM even later . jack Sam , you life be go wrong - let you friend tell you - record be a dead end department , no Security level worth a damn , it 's impossible to get notice - SAM yes , I know , fantastic , marvellous , wonderful - remember I to alison - and the - er - twin . jack triplet . SAM really ? - God , how time fly ! as SAM head off to the lift , he pass a group of men stand around a temporary tv monitor . several of they be dress in white lab coat . they be be explain the benefit of a new surveillance system by a salesman type . his assistant be operate the control . on the monitor we can see jill stand in the queue for the information desk . the camera appear to he tracking in on she . CUT to jill at top of queue with several form in she hand . a strange prototype radio control camera on a wheeled base be whirring and click as it approach she . throughout the next sequence it poke around jill in a annoying manner - thrust itself at she face , try to see what be write on the form , peer over she shoulder . jill hand a form to the information porter . jill I want to report a wrongful arrest . porter ( look at form ) you want information adjustment . different department . jill ( exasperate but control ) I have be to information adjustment . they send I here . they tell I you have a form I have to fill in . porter have you get a arrest receipt ? jill yes . porter be it stamp ? jill ( produce buttle receipt ) stamped ? porter ( examine receipt ) no , there 's no stamp on it . you see ! I can not give you the form until it 's stamp . jill where do I get it stamp ? porter information adjustment . the radio-controlled camera nose right up to jill 's face as she turn . she swat the annoying thing with she stack of form as she storm off . the camera overbalance and crash into the desk - sparking and spluttering . cutting back to the group around the monitor we see a deeply hurt salesman and several sceptical white - coat technician . 26 int . mr kurthman' office day 26 SAM be busily work at the console , unravel a problem while kurtzman look on anxiously and ineffectually . kurtzman perhaps the machine 's on the blink ! it keep pick up old film . that can not he right , can it ? SAM it 's not the machine . there 's a mismatch on the personnel code number ... ah there we go ! that 's a b58/732 when it should be a t47/215 ... tuttle ... he should have £ 31.06 , debite against he account for electrical procedure , not buttle . kurtzman oh my God , a mistake ! SAM it 's not we mistake ! kurtzman ( eagerly ) be not it ? whose be it ? SAM information retrieval . kurtzman oh , good ! SAM expedite have put in for electrical procedure in respect of buttle , Archibald , shoe repair operative , but Security have invoice admin for tuttle , Archibald , heating engineer SAM be still punch key . kurtzman what a relief ! I do not know what I would do if you ever get promote . SAM do not worry . kurtzman but if they do promote you SAM I have tell you before . I would turn it down . kurtzman would you really , Sam ? SAM really . kurtzman ( churn up ) you have be promote . kurtzman hand SAM a sheet of print paper . SAM take the paper , not pleased , and glance at it . close up of paper : " lowry , S. ( record . min of inf . ) transfer to information retrieval - ( expedite , Security level 3 ) . kurtzman it 's you mother be not it ? pull string again . SAM ( explode ) what a bitch ! 27 int . doctor' office day 27 CUT to a old woman 's face reflect in triplicate in a three - panell mirror . a pair of man 's hand have a grip on she flabby cheek , pull they out several inch on either side of she face . when I say several inch that 's just what I mean . not only be she jowl be stretch like silly putty but they be also be wrap around to the back of she neck to demonstrate how tight and smooth she face can be make by doctor who be prattling on over this freak show . doctor now , when you come in tomorrow , Mrs lowry , we will make a little tuck here ... and there ... CUT to wide shot of doctor 's surgery . it look a bit like a cross between a operate theatre and a boudoir . the cold steel , glass and plastic surface be badly disguise with pastel coloured chintz and satin . at the dress table sit the old woman , sam' mother . behind she stand the doctor . he be much like he surgery . he have tailore he surgical garment like a gigolo 's dress gown . it seem that he have do a bit of tuck - take on himself . there be a certain plastic smoothness to he skin , but all in all he have be fairly successful . SAM be pace around , rave . SAM ( angrily ) I just wish you would stop interfere , mother ! I do not want promotion . I be happy where I be . mother no you be not . Jack lint be a lesson to you - he never have you brain but he 's get the ambition . you have not get the ambition but luckily you have get I . and Mr helpmann . Mr helpmann be very close - doctor now , Mrs lowry , do not get upset ( so SAM ) please wait in reception , Mr lowry , you be give she wrinkle . mother you see ! SAM ( groan ) doctor now Mrs lowry , try to relax . you must trust I . I will make you twenty year young ... SAM huh ! doctor ( give Sam a dirty look ) ... twenty - five if we just drain the excess fluid from the pouch ... mother Dr jaffe , you be a genius . would you like to be surgeon General ? four Star . I know everybody . doctor well they will not know you when I have finish with you . the doctor reach into he smock pocket for a coloured marker . he start colour up she face with stroke of different coloured marker . doctor first we must eliminate the excess derma ... so ! ... then the flaccid tissue under the eye ... and now the forehead ... Zip ! I lift the wrinkle and worry line right up into the wi - into the hairline , comme can ... SAM look disgust . doctor and now the template ... there ... there ... there ... now a bit of sticky ... there we go ! ( triumphantly ) already she be twice as beautiful as she be before - voila ! the doctor move he body aside , revealing mrs lowry 's face , cover with coloured line and wrap in cellophane hold in shape by cellotape . SAM stare at she . SAM my God , it work . 28 int . posh restaurant ( entrance ) day 28 the conversation between SAM and he mother take place while they be go through the sort of security check familiar at airport . they be , however , just outside the velvet rope of the posh restaurant . mother ( in full flow ) Mr helpmann be very close to you poor father . he be very close to I . still be . he will take you under he wing at information retrieval . you will like it when you get there . SAM you be not listen , mother . a warning buzzer go off as mother 's handbag go through security check . it turn out to have be activate by a gaily wrap package . a security guard relieve she of it and unwrap the package which contain the same kind of executive toy which we have see twice before . mother it 's a present for my son . she take the toy back and hand it to SAM . mother I hope you like it . it 's very exclusive . SAM what be it ? mother it 's something for executive . at this point the maitre D arrive on the scene . maitre D madam lowry , how exquisite to see you again . merry Christmas . he pull aside he velvet rope with a grand flourish . he look disdainfully at SAM 's unfashionable clerk 's suite mother hello , spiro . merry Christmas . spiro ( block Sam 's way ) I be sorry but ... mother you remember Samuel , my son . spiro {suddenly unctious ) oh , but of course ... mother we be meeting Mrs terrain . SAM be we ? spiro ah yes , the lady be wait . spiro lead the way . SAM and he mother follow , across the restaurant which be much like the Palm Court at the Plaza New York . trellise , marble column , antique mirrore , pot palm combine to impress we with they sophistication and taste . a string quartet can just be make out against the far wall . except for the unfortunate intrusion of metal tub and ducting brutally thrust across area of the ceiling , occasionally penetrate right through the middle of a particularly valuable - look mirror , the general effect be one of confident wealth and breeding . SAM , mother and maitre D make they way across the room . the waltzing strain of the string quartet accompany they . CUT to group of table with diner . at one of they sit a wealthy - look older woman with a rather plain-look daughter in she 20 . the older woman be easily distinguished from the other clientele by a large bandage that cover a goodish part of she head . the two of they ( the mother and daughter , not the mother and bandage ) be peruse the menus . SAM note the daughter , unplease . SAM mother , I think we be go to be able to talk .... oh God , she 's get what 's he name with she . SAM and he mother arrive at the table . mrs terrain ida ! Sam ! mother alma , how be you ? you be look wonderful ! hello , shirley . shirley ( shy to Sam ) Salt ? mrs terrain ( to shirley ) not yet . ( to Sam and mother ) happy Christmas , Sam . she hand SAM a gaily wrap package which obviously contain the same executive toy . mother sorry we be late . shall we order ? get it out of the way . what be you go to have alma ? she start to hunt through the huge menu the maitre D have just hand she with full colour photo of the splendid dish available . mrs terrain I can not make up my mind whether to have a number one or a number two . what do you recommend , spiro ? spiro ( conspiratorially ) between you and I , madam , today the number two . mrs terrain thank you , spiro . shirley , what be you go to have ? shirley ( panic quietly ) spiro ( conspiratorially ) between you and I , Mademoiselle , today the number one . madam lowry ? mother oh , to hell with the diet , a number eight , please . spiro a most perceptive choice , madam , if I may say so . ( to Sam ) monsieur ? SAM ( brusquely ) a steak , please . rare. ( to he mother ) mother , I need to ... spiro ( pique ) monsieur . quel numero . SAM ( hand back menu ) I do not know which numero . spiro ( write on pad ) numero , trois . everyone be a bit embarrassed here . mother give SAM a wither look . spiro stalk away . mother ( try to restart thing ) alma , you wick thing ... ( indicate bandage ) you have start you treatment . mrs terrain you notice . ( enthusiastically ) I must tell you all about it . SAM ( to he mother ) mother , will you listen to at this moment the food arrive . spiro elaborately lift off the silver cover and with a flourish distribute the plate of food . each order look identical - a big splodge of brown lumpy stuff . the only difference between the lump be the identify photograph on stick stick in each . the beautiful colour photo match the photo which be on the menus . spiro ( show off that he remember who 's order what ) numero huit , braise veal in wine sauce . ( he set it in front of Sam 's mother ) mrs terrain it 's too exciting . I have leave Dr jaffe and go to Dr. chapman . spiro numero deux , duck a l'orange . ( he set it in front of Mrs terrain ) mother the acid man ? mrs terrain really , ida , just because he technique be revolutionary ... I do not go around call Dr jaffe the knife man . spiro numero une , crevettes à la mayonaaise . ( he set it in front of shirley ) mother I be sorry alma , I do not mean to sound so ... mrs terrain that 's all right ida ... it 's just that he 's such a artist . to he , cut be so crude ... so primitive . spiro numero trois , steak . ( he set this in front of Sam ) monsieur , mesdame , bon appetit . all but SAM merci . mrs terrain acid on the other hand , can be use for such wonderfully subtle shading , such delicate nuance - just like a rembrant etching ... and it 's so much quick . why , if it be not for a teensy - weensy complication - the doctor say it could have happen to anyone - I would have have this bandage off yesterday . shirley ( to Sam , after attract she mother 's attention and receive a nod ) Salt ? they be just about to dip into they respective splodge when there be a terrific explosion - a huge hole be blast out of the wall to the kitchen . Chaos erupt around the carnage as waiter try put out the flame with extinguishers . people , bloody and die , be moan . the diner not actually affect by the blast look up for a moment and then , with a few raise eyebrow , go back to they meal . immediately after the explosion . mother what be we say ? SAM ( pick bomb debris out of he brown lump ) this be not rare ! mother by the way , I see a wonderful idea for Christmas present at the chemist . gift token . Medical gift token . mrs terrain oh , that sound marvellous . mother yes , they be good at any doctor 's and at many of the major hospital - and they be accept for gynecological complication include caesarian section . SAM , in the act of take in another forkful of he unappetise meal , drop he form in disgust SAM look - please - I be sorry - but honestly , mother , this be - mother . I quite agree ! - it 's impossible ! mother raise she arm to gain the attention of the maitre D who be frantically try to deal with the emergency . the activity in the background have increase throughout the conversation . the fire-brigade have arrive with siren blaring . Ministry troops have charge in and be arrest waiter . stretcher have be buy in for the injure and this be be rush past we little group 's table . the maitre D come to the table , he dj now blood - spatter . maitre D I be sorry , madam ... I do not know what to say ... this very rarely happen to we - I will do what I can straight away he hurry away . mrs terrain really , Sam - when be you go to do something about this terrorist ? SAM what ? now ? it 's my lunch hour . mother actually , alma , that 's one of the little thing I be die to tell you ... Sam 's be promote to information retrieval . SAM ( angry and surprised ) mother ! mrs terrain oh that 's wonderful ! congratulation Sam ... shirley you can show that fuck murderous bastard a thing or two . mrs terrain ( shocked and embarrassed ) shirley ! SAM stop this ! ( leaping to he foot ) I be not be promote . I be not go to information retrieval ! ( he scrumple promotion notification which he have be hold and throw it on the floor ) if I want you to stick you oar in , mother , I will tell you where to stick it ! everybody be shocked . he recover he composure slightly . embarrass , he bend , and pick up the ball of paper which he start smoothing back into its flat state . shirley ( back to she uncertain form ) pepper ...? SAM look - I have get to get back - as SAM go , maitre D reappear with a group of waiter - that remain unarrested - whom he have organised to gut up a fold screen around the table . this cut of the sight if not the noise of the victims of the explosion . mother Sam ... you have not have dessert . SAM I be sorry . I do n ' t want dessert . I do not want promotion . I do not want anything . mother do not be childish , Samuel . of course you want something . you must have hope , wish , dream . they voice have be rise towards a shout in order to rise above the volume of the grow chaos around they . SAM ( shout loud ) no , nothing . not even dream ! 29 ext . brilliant sky day 29 SAM as he dream -self rise into shot , he wing strain as he tow the float cage imprison the girl . they be rise up and away from the monolithic stone skyscraper that stretch away below they . SAM I be take you to a safe place . a place where they will never be able to get at we ... ever . a eyeball be scan the sky . pulling back we see it be but one of thousand , tightly pack side by side form a landscape that extend as far as we can see . as SAM and the girl in she cage come into view it become apparent just how big this eyeball be - they be gigantic - about 10 foot in diameter . all of they follow SAM as he come to rest on a platform high atop a column that rise from the centre of this bizarre place . SAM there 's no way they can approach we without be see . you be safe here . he anchor the hawser hold the cage and take off he wing . just as he start climb up to the cage a terrific crack noise be hear . SAM freeze . a dead straight crack be bisect the sky from somewhere beyond the horizon - run right up the sky and over the camera . SAM follow it as it continue over the girl and down to the opposite horizon . another crackle noise be hear . another crack appear . then another . and another . all this crack be emanate from a vanish point over the horizon . soon the sky be cover with this crack from horizon to foreground . then crack begin appear at right angle to they . very quickly the sky be cover with a mammoth grid . once it be complete , another noise be hear . something like massive block of stone slide against one another . one of the square form by the grid pattern begin to slide upwards as if be pull out from the back side of the sky . a square hole be leave in its place . we can see the side of the hole as it extend upwards into blackness . as soon as this first block of sky be withdraw , another begin to slide up and away . SAM be freeze in position as this terrifying spectacle go on above he . the eyeball be madly look this way and that . the grind noise be deafen as block after block of sky be remove . with each successive loss the light decrease . the girl be cry out for SAM to save she . frantically SAM try to haul the cage down to the platform but it 's too late . where the sky be be now pitch black . only one block of sky remain . slowly that final bit of sky be pull up and out of shot . total blackness . a maniacal laughter can be hear . a beam of light be switch on . SAM have a searchlight in he hand and be search the darkness . the laughter continue . suddenly the beam catch something black and move . it 's the same black , flap cloth that appear at the end of the previous dream . the horrible flap thing come thunder down on SAM . he be engulf in the black awfulness . 30 int . sam' bedroom night 30 SAM be in bed , grapple with the bedclothes . he be drip with sweat and scream . the room be oppressively hot . he get up and look at the thermostat . it read 99 . he fumble with it , but to no avail . it 's stick . CUT to SAM come into the sit room . he rush over to the window and try to open it . but it be not design to be open . screw hold it firmly shut . SAM head to the kitchen he find a knife which he use to unscrew the window . he swing the window open and take a deep breath . gag ! cough ! hack ! a terrible greeny - brown smog pour in through the window . desperately SAM shut the window and madly tighten up the screw . swing a newspaper , he try clear a path through the cloud atmosphere . he make it to the front door and stagger out into the hall gasp for air . CUT to telephone be lift from its cradle . pull back as SAM with open telephone directory in front of he dial . he be seat in he kitchen . in front of he open refrigerator . the phone ring at the other end . SAM ( into phone ) hello - Central service - I be at 579b block l9 , Northwestern section D - that 's exit 1 on Green pasture highway at the Orange blossom flyover - and I have get trouble with the air - conditioning phone voice thank you or call Central service . be sorry , due to temporary staff shortage , Central service can not take service call centrally between 2300 and 0900 hour - have a nice day - this have not be a recording , incident - SAM this be a emergency ! phone voice thank you for call Central service . I be sorry , due - SAM yes , but . I have get to have a heating engineer phone voice thank you for call cen - SAM slam the phone down . CUT to SAM sit in front of the refrigerator . the door be open and he have wedge a chair into the gap in a desperate bid to keep cool . he be nodd off . as he head slump against one of the shelf , a jar of pickle onion fall to the floor . the onion scatter everywhere . 31 ext . darkness night 31 the milky white sphere tumble everywhere . but they be not onion , they be the giant eyeball burtling through space . SAM be cling desperately to one . he grab the pupil for a better handhold and it open like a hatch cover . SAM manage to pull himself inside . once out of the intergalactic maelstrom , SAM turn to survey the cramped and dark space inside the eyeball . it seem to be bisect by a divide wall , from which a thin sliver of light be escape . push on the wall in the area of the slit , SAM be able to move a section . more light shaftes into the tiny space from around the edge of what appear to be a small hatch . SAM scrunches down and really put he shoulder to the hatch . with a metallic rasp it give way and SAM crash through . CUT to other side of open as SAM topple through . he catch himself in the nick of time as the camera zoom back revealing he close call with disaster . he be high on a vast wall of what look like filing cabinet . the hatch he come through be the front of one of the million of file - drawer compose this wall . as he scramble back into the open we can see that the wall drop away for hundred of foot , disappear into a steaming mist . other wall of file enclose this vast space . from where SAM be it look like the view from the 50th storey of the time life building in NYC . this million of file be be tend by men arise themselves up and down , as well as sideways , on modern skyscraper window - cleaner ' platform . the attendant be see put people in different period costume into drawer . SAM 's attention be distract by a sound overhead . look up he see a window washer platform be lower in he direction . lean over the side be a jolly gent , who happen to look like mr helpmann ( as see on tv ) . gent ah ha ... there you be , Sam . SAM what ? how do you know my name ? gent we know everything here . this be the storeroom of knowledge . SAM ( climb onto the platform ) then perhaps you can help I . I have lose someone who ... gent ( interrupt ) we know that too . you have come to the right place . the platform carry they along the file . gent oh , yes . we have get everything here . every bit of knowledge , wisdom , learn ... every experience , every think neatly file away . SAM ( incredulous ) what ? you mean you have get ... gent well not exactly . but , if you help we we will help you . the force of darkness have win the day ... but , tomorrow be another one SAM what do I have to do . gent you must save the day . the platform have stop . the gent pull out a drawer . he reach inside . the gent pull out a wonderful sword and helmet . gent this be the sword of Truth ... and this the helmet of justice . as SAM begin to strap on the weapon the gent bring out a cape . gent and this . complete the outfit . he put the cape around SAM 's shoulder and help he step into the drawer . a moment 's hesitation and then SAM out the helmet on and lie down in the drawer . it fit just like a coffin . . as he lie back the gent push the drawer in . gent it will not be pleasant but , trust I . as the drawer be push in SAM suffer a sudden bout of claustrophobia . look up at the diminist open he be surprised to see - not the face of the jolly gent - but a terrifying samurai warrior 's mask helmet . SAM struggle to prevent the drawer be close . 32 int . sam' flat night 32 SAM be grab the wall of the fridge . Water from the defrost freezer compartment drip on he head . he wake up . before he can really take in where he be the phone ring . he stagger over to it . SAM hello ... hello ... phone voice hello . Mr lowry ? SAM who 's that ? ( pause ) a sound at the kitchen door turn SAM 's head - and ours - just in time to half see a quick blurred movement , but then a rapid voice in he ear- piece bring he head back . phone voice put the phone down and you hand up . SAM ( into the phone ) what ? who be this ? SAM realise that the voice be also in the room behind he . he turn round and see tuttle . tuttle be middle - age , a short tough figure dress in dark clothes suggest a cross between a cat burglar and a night - raid commando . in one hand he hold a gun point at SAM . the other hand be hold a telephone receiver which tuttle be in the act of place in the large capacious bag at he foot . SAM put down he phone , and he hand up . tuttle Nice and easy now . keep you hand where I can see they . SAM what be this ? ( indignantly ) who the hell be you ? tuttle , keep the gun on SAM , go to different door , lean backwards into bedroom , bathroom and closet . tuttle suddenly relax and pocket he gun . tuttle Harry tuttle . Heating engineer . at you service . SAM tuttle ! be you from Central service ? tuttle ha !! SAM but ... I call Central service . tuttle they be a bit overworked this day . luckily I intercept you call . SAM what ? by now , both be pour with sweat . tuttle head across the room and swiftly begin to undo a wall panel . SAM wait a minute , what be that business with the gun ? tuttle hand SAM the panel and plunge he arm into the space behind it . tuttle a little precaution , sir . I have have trap set for I before now . there be people in Central service who would love to get they hand on Harry tuttle . SAM be you say this be illegal ? by now tuttle have manage to pull out some section of flexible ducting from the welter of mechanical offal behind the remove panel . it be all very complicated and greasy and it look as though there be a lot more where that come from . tuttle be amazingly neat and deat as he work . a real pro . as he work he hum a wee tune ... yes ... brazil !! tuttle well , yes ... and no . officially , only Central service operative be suppose to touch this stuff ... could you hold this . tuttle ( he hand Sam a bunch of wire that he have detach ) ... but , with all the new rule and regulation ... unncgh , c'mon , c'mon ... they can not get decent staff any more ... so ... they tend to turn a blind eye ... as long as I be careful . ( he hand Sam a torch ) ... mind you , if ever they could prove I would be work on they equipment ... well , that 's a different matter ... up a bit with the torch , sir . SAM sorry . would not it be easier just to work for Central service ? tuttle could not stand the pa - ah - we be get warm - SAM the pace ? tuttle the paperwork , could not stand the paperwork . ( indicate the torch ) over to the leave please , if you do not mind sir . hold it there . yes , there 's more bit of paper in Central service than bit of pipe - read this , fill in that , hand in the other - listen , this old system of yours could be on fire and I could not even turn on the kitchen tap without fill in a 27b / 6 .... bloody paperwork . SAM ( mildly ) well I suppose one have to expect a certain amount tuttle why ? I come into this game for adventure - go anywhere , travel light , get in , get out , wherever there 's trouble , a man alone . now they have get the whole country section of and you can not move without a form . I be the last of a breed . ah ha ! found it ! ( he hold up a small char gadget ) there 's you problem . SAM can you fix it ? tuttle no . but I can bypass it with one of this he pull another gadget from he bag . SAM Fine . the door bell . tuttle grab for he gun . tuttle be you expect anyone ? SAM no . wait here . he go out close the immediate door and go to the front door which he open . he be confront by two officious little man in boiler suit who be stand outside he door . they name be spoor and dowser . dowser be spoor 's echo . SAM yes ? spoor Central service . dowser ... ervice . SAM uh - what ? - I ... spoor you telephone , sir . dowser ... elephone sir . spoor trouble with you air-condition . dowser ... dition . SAM ( gulp ) no , not at all . I mean , it 's all right . it 's fix . spoor fix ? dowser fix ? they do not like that . SAM I mean it fix itself . spoor fix itself . dowser ... ixed itself . spoor machine do not fix themselves . dowser ... fix themselves . spoor he 's tampere with it , dowser . dowser ... ampere . with it , spoor . SAM look , I be sorry about you waste journey SAM try to close the door but spoor prevent this . spoor ( to dowser ) I think we would better have a look . dowser ... have a look . SAM no you can not . he be push aside . spoor follow by dowser , head for the door behind which be mr tuttle . SAM be paralyse . spoor approach the door as if it be dangerous . he turn the handle quietly and give the door a little nudge . the door begin to swing slowly open . SAM suddenly find inspiration . SAM just a minute ! spoor and dowser turn round as the door continue to swing open . when the door be open , behind they back tuttle be see hold he pistol in a two -hande grip , he knee slightly bent . tuttle freeze like that , point he pistol through the open door . SAM have you get a 27b / 6 ? dowser look very angry . vein stand out on he forehead and he go into what look like some sort of fit . spoor knock he to the ground . spoor ( to Sam ) now look what you have do to he . SAM have you get one or have not you ? spoor not ... as such ... dowser moan and begin to get back on he foot . spoor but we can get one . spoor ( worried about dowser ) it 's all right , Terry , it 's all right , everything 's all right . SAM ( ushere they to the door ) I be sorry , but I be a bit of a stickler for paper work . where would we be if we do not follow the correct procedure ? spoor we will be back . dowser ... be back . SAM ( close the door on they ) thank you . SAM turn back to tuttle who be come forward pockete he gun . tuttle thanks , lowry , you be a good man in a tight corner . tuttle return to work , fitting in the new by - pass gadget and tightening the nut , and happily hum " brazil " . SAM listen .. um ... I do not want to get involved in any of this . but I work at the Ministry of information , and I happen to know that information retrieval have be look for a Archibald tuttle , Heating engineer . you would not by any chance be - tuttle ( pleased ) my friend call I Harry . information retrieval , eh? interesting ! SAM what do they want you or ? tuttle time to go . tuttle finish the job and throw he tool into the bag . SAM thank you very much . how much will it ...? tuttle on the house . you do I a favor . check the corridor . SAM go to the front door , open it and look out . SAM all clear . tuttle slip out and head off down the balcony corridor . SAM hey that 's a dead end . but tuttle merely undoe a pre-arranged rope and swing tarzan -like off the end of the balcony and across a multi - story void to a neighbor block . SAM be amaze - not to say - stunne . 33 int . record pool day 33 SAM be at he desk among all the desk . document be be deliver right , leave and centre through the vacuum tube . all the clerk be busy . the screen be devote to they proper use . all this activity be explain by the fact the mr kurtzman 's door be wide open . at the next desk be another clerk much like SAM , he neighbour . neighbour I think kurtzman get be suspicious . SAM what have we get on today ? neighbour casablanca . kurtzman appear in he doorway . kurtzman ( call out ) Mr lowry ! would you step in here a moment please . we go with kurtzman as he close the office door behind he , we be now in ... 34 int . kurthman' office day 34 kurtzman be pace anxiously . SAM walk into the office . during the brief open and close of the door we just manage to hear the piano player in " casablanca " sing , " ... a kiss be just a kiss ... " . kurtzman be too worried to notice . he be hold a piece of paper gingerly as if it be contagious . he wave it frantically as SAM enter . kurtzman ( hysterically ) thank God you be here ! we be in terrible trouble ! look at this ! look at this ! he thrust the piece of paper at Sam . SAM ( take the paper ) a cheque . kurtzman the refund for tuttle ! SAM ( startle ) tuttle ? kurtzman I mean , buttle ! it 's be confusion from the word go ! he 's be wrongly charge for electromemorytherapy and someone somewhere be try to make we carry the can ! SAM I have never see a Ministry cheque before . kurtzman we have get to get rid of it ! there 's be a ball - up somewhere , and when the music stop they will jump on whoever 's hold the cheque ! SAM send it to somebody else . send it to buttle . it 's he cheque . kurtzman I have try that ! population Census have get he down as dormant , the Central collective storehouse computer have get he down as delete , and the information retrieval have get he down as inoperative ... Security have he down as excise . , admin have he down as complete SAM hang on . SAM sit down at the console and punch key . he do this very efficiently , mutter to himself and generally demonstrate a expertise which obviously leave kurtzman way out of he depth , until - SAM he be dead . kurtzman Dead ! oh no ! that 's terrible ! we will never get rid of the damned thing ! what be we go to do ? SAM try next of kin . kurtzman ( a revelation ) next of kin ! SAM punch more key . SAM there we go . Mrs. Veronica buttle . what 's the number on the cheque ? kurtzman ( read it ) 27156789/074328/K. SAM have be efficiently punch this in . SAM into memory . now ... Central bank ... buttle , Veronica ... deposit SAM rip off a print out , rapidly stuff it and the cheque into a cannister and then into a vacuum tube . a job well do . kurtzman ( fervently ) please do not come back ! please do not come back ! unfortunately kurtzman 's prayer be not answer and the. vacuum tube return almost immediately . SAM open it up . from the computer screen come a voice " play it again , Sam " - SAM and kurtzman look at the screen . we get a quick glimpse of humphrey bogart before the screen revert to number . SAM Problem . she do not have a bank account . kurtzman ( hysterically ) well , that 's it ! I may as well go and hang myself ! this sort of thing could not have happen before the stupid seventh tier reorganization ! that be simmon do ! and he and jeffries always sit together at lunch ! the bastard ! ( he thump he hand hard on the desk top ) ow ! ( he pick up the offend cheque ) perhaps we can lose it ... behind the filing cabinet ... or destroy it ... burn it ... eat it ... under this tirade SAM have begin to hum " brazil " - not entirely sure what inspire he . SAM you would never get away with it . besides , you can not do that to somebody 's refund . it 's Christmas . there be one more option . kurtzman ( depressed . not really believe it ) what ? SAM drive out to Mrs buttle , give she the cheque , tell she to sign she name on the back , cash it at the corner sweet shop . kurtzman be dumbfounded by the audacity of this . kurtzman that 's brilliant ! SAM take over . in no time at all he have batter away at the keyboard , slam a cannister into a vacuum tube and receive almost immediately a cannister contain a sheaf of different coloured papers . SAM I will do it for you . authorise the cheque . what 's the address ? kurtzman scribbles it down for he . kurtzman here . what do I do next ? SAM call the motor pool and authorise personal transport . kurtzman of course , of course . leave it to I . how do I authorize a cheque ? SAM ( separate the and blue sheet ) here we be . pink and blue receipt . all you have get to do be sign this and the back of the cheque . kurtzman take out he pen and try to sign the papers but he hand be give he trouble . kurtzman ( exhaust after all the emotion ) oh God ! I think I have break a bone . what a pathetic thing I be . SAM ( take the pen from he ) here . SAM sign the cheque and receipt . a big close up show that he be scribbling kurtzman 's signature . SAM pocket the papers and the pen . SAM that 's it . kurtzman you be good to I Sam . SAM ( leave ) do not mention it . see you later . 35 ext . motorway tunnel day 35 CUT to SAM at the wheel of the little car , beetling along in a seemingly endless , tube-like tunnel , menace fore and aft by huge bus , lorry and other carrier which literally lift the little three - wheeler from the road surface and shake it by the scruff of its tiny neck . CUT to SAM in interior of the messerschmidt . he be sing along to a obscure arrangement of " brazil " . radio ( play music for a moment which then fade out ) ... we interrupt this programme to bring you news of a terrorist bombing at the ... ( Sam switch off ) 36 ext . motorway tunnel day 36 CUT to exterior view of messerschmidt still merrily progress in arterial tunnel . CUT to very tiny exit sign : exit 49 . CUT to SAM peer at sign . CUT to messerschmidt take the exit just as a huge lorry roar by . 37 ext . buttle flat day 37 beautiful utopian block of high - rise flat gleam in the sunlight . pull back we reveal it to be a architect 's model in a protective perspex case stand in the centre of a decorative fountain that have long cease to work - graffiti and junk be now the only decoration . in the background be the grim reality of the massive housing tower . SAM 's messerschmidt be just pule up in the shadow of the building which be grey , decrepid , vandalise . huge conduit , pipe , and tub frame the scene . SAM get out of the car under the cool and none-too- friendly gaze of a few local . self - consciously , SAM look around he , then at the paper in he hand . a little group of kide sit pitching penny against a wall . SAM go over to they . SAM ( super polite ) Excuse I . can you tell I ... but before he can finish , the smallest , tiny kid look up . kid eff off . SAM , uncomfortably , eff off . he be watch , at some distance , imapassively by the little girl butttle . as SAM enter the building one of the kid get out a can of something and approach the car . another be fiddling , with a box of match . 38 int . buttle flat day 38 CUT to SAM hesitantly walk into the semi-derelict lobby of the big block of flat . graffiti , vandalism be in evidence everywhere . he walk up to the lift . pushes the button . nothing happen . he push again . this time the lift door shudder and spark . SAM try to pull the door apart . they jam open with a three - inch gap between they - still shudder and grind . in the sparking light , SAM can make out a interior cramme with garbage , junk , old furniture , dead cat . yechhhh . resignedly , he turn towards the stair . 39 int . corridor day 39 CUT to SAM come breathlessly out of the stairwell . on the wall next to it be the number 37 . walk down the corridor he look at the number and start to knock , but then notice that the door be crack open . SAM try to knock on the door , but it keep edging open and he settles for knock on the door frame a bit feebly . SAM Mrs buttle ( silence ) uh , Mrs buttle ? ( silence ) SAM stand not know what to do . SAM push the door a bit more open gingerly and put about 65 per cent of he body into the hall of the flat . CUT to SAM 's Pov of darkish hall . SAM Mrs buttle ... 40 int . buttle sitting room day 40 CUT to SAM enter extremely tacky sit - room shroud in half - darkness . this be the same flat from which the father be take at the beginning of the film : the hole be still in the ceiling . SAM become aware of a woman sit absolutely still at a small table by the only ( still break ) window in the room . SAM be you Mrs buttle ? the woman nod very slightly without look at he . SAM my name be lowry - Sam lowry . I be from the Ministry of information . ( no response ) I have come to give you a cheque . SAM take the cheque out of he pocket and put it on the table to tempt mrs buttle into a flicker of interest but she fail to notice it - or he for that matter . SAM push the cheque a little way towards mrs buttle but she do not respond . SAM ( indict cheque ) it 's a refund ... I be afraid there be a mistake . mrs buttle mistake ? SAM ( encourage ) yes . not my department ... I be only record . it seem that Mr buttle be overcharge by information retrieval . I do not think they usually make mistake ... but , er ... I suppose we be all human . SAM look around and see the hole in the ceiling . oh ... what happen to the ...? he get nothing back . actually , my bring this here be rather unorthodox ... usually any payment be make through the central computer ... but , er ... there be certain difficulty , and rather than cause delay , we think you might appreciate this now ... it be Christmas . mrs buttle my husband 's dead , be not he ? SAM er ... I assure you Mrs buttle , the Ministry be always very scrupulous about follow up and eradicate error . if you have any complaint which you would like to make , I would be more than happy to send you the appropriate form . mrs buttle what have you do with he body ? SAM um ... mrs buttle start to cry . SAM look , I be very sorry , but I be afraid I do not know anything about it ... I be really just deliver the cheque . er ... if you would not mind signing this receipt ( produce blue and pink receipt ) I will go and leave you in peace . SAM pick up the cheque and give it to mrs buttle together with the receipt . mrs buttle tear they up and throw they in he face . SAM uh ... mrs buttle he have not do anything ... he be good ... what have you do with he body ? SAM look around for a escape and see a young buttle stand in the doorway . the boy be look at he with a blank tearful face . suddenly the boy launch himself at SAM with terrible ferocity . SAM be knock against the wall . a mirror fall off the wall and smashes on the floor . the boy be all over SAM kick and pull he hair . mrs buttle 's reaction , however , be to try and pull the boy away from SAM . by the time she succeed , SAM be on he hand and knee , in pain . the boy be cry and shouting , and mrs buttle be loudly try to quieten the boy . from sam' Pov , a piece of break mirror lie on the floor reflect the hole in the ceiling ... with jill 's head and shoulder frame in the hole . the moment be unreal for SAM in he daze condition . the vision seem unreal too . jill be stare at SAM out of the piece of mirror and . she 's very much the girl from he dream now . jill be you alright ? SAM ( mumble ) it 's you ... it 's you ... jill Mrs buttle , be you alright ? SAM grab at the image , i.e. at the mirror , shifting the angle so that the vision disappear . he look for the vision on the floor but can not find it . then he begin to realise the reality of what he have see . he stand up , daze and batter . mrs buttle have be look up at the ceiling . SAM look up at the ceiling but there be now only the empty space of the hole . SAM wait ! stop ! come back !! mrs buttle be shouting . SAM rush out of the flat . 41 int . buttle' corridor day 41 SAM look both way and head for the stair . 42 int . buttle' staircase day 42 SAM run up the stair to the floor above and find himself in - 43 ext . similar corridor day 43 he run along the corridor but have omit to count the door downstairs and now do not know which door to knock at . he hesitates . he ring the bell on what he hope be the right door . the bell do not work . he bang on the door . the door open a crack . a malevolent eye look at he . SAM girl ... fair hair ... the door shut firmly . SAM rush to the next door . 44 int . jill flat day 44 SAM burst into jill 's flat . he see the hole in the floor . the place look derelict . he hear a explosion and look out of a window to see he car in flame . jill be apparently retreate from it across the forecourt . she be carry a suitcase and bundle . 45 int . staircase day 45 SAM rush down the stair . 46 ext . block of flat day 46 SAM charge out into the open air . jill have disappear . the messerchmidt , however , be in flame . SAM do not know which way to turn . spot a old mattress lie by the building he grab it and throw it over the car in a attempt to smother the flame . the group of child watch he silently . suddenly with a great roar , jill 's lorry come round the corner at speed . SAM see that jill be at the wheel . SAM run after the lorry . SAM ( shouting ) wait ! it be nothing to do with I ! the lorry roar away . SAM dash back to he smolder three - wheeler . he fling himself into it and start it up . he also roar away , except that he do not move ... all three wheel have be remove . he turn round in despair and see the group of child regard he expressionlessly . they include the little girl buttle . defeat , he slump down against he char vehicle . a shadow pass across he face . look up he see girl buttle stand over he . SAM go away . girl buttle her name be Jill . SAM what ? ... Jill ? Jill who ? Jill who ? girl buttle layton . SAM Jill layton ... ( get up ) you be a very good little girl . what be you do here ? girl buttle I be wait for my daddy . SAM ( uncomprehend ) he will be pleased when he come home . girl buttle do not answer and SAM start to walk away . after a few yard , the think strike he : he turn back to look at the little girl buttle who stand alone patiently in the vandalise wilderness . 47 int . record clerk pool day 47 it be the end of the work day . the clerk be busily get they coat and leave the office . as the last one go mr . kurtzman come out of he private office with he hat and coat on . he turn out the office light . he see SAM isolate in the empty room , still work at he computer console . totally absorb in what he be do . kurtzman oh ... Sam . I have have the transport pool onto I ... you do not know anything about a personnel transporter go miss do you ? SAM do not seem to hear he . on the computer screen be a front and side view picture of jill . her name and code number be at the top of the screen . SAM be punch up personal dossier information like " age " , " height " , " weight " , " colour of hair " , " colour of eye " , " distinguishing mark " etc . SAM ( preoccupy ) a " personnel " transporter ? they have get it wrong . I have a personal transporter . I will do the paperwork tomorrow - SAM punch up a few more category for jill 's dossier . kurtzman be it all right about Mrs buttle 's cheque ? SAM I deliver it . kurtzman can I forget it ? SAM yes . SAM punch a few more button on the computer . kurtzman what a relief ! ( on reflection ) I shall probably have nightmare . at this point the word " classify " superimposes itself over most of the screen and " irq / 3 " start agitate at the bottom SAM damn ! blast ! kurtzman what 's the matter ? SAM you do not happen to know how I can get around a irq / 3 do you ? kurtzman all information on 3rd level suspect be classified . SAM I know that . kurtzman all enquiry to information retrieval . which be hopeless , of course . they never tell you anything . but come the time they want something from we ... throughout this verbal wallpaper SAM have be punch key cancelling the classified overprint . he then punch in the code for a hard - copy print-out . jill 's two -view computer portrait roll out as SAM ponder he option . SAM ( cut off kurtzman ) I have go to accept that promotion to get behind this , have not I ? kurtzman yes. ( realise what he 's suggest ) no ! you can not ! you have only just turn it down ! ( think Sam be joke ) SAM I never sign the form . kurtzman I do it for you . SAM what ! shit ! kurtzman it 's what you want be not it ? SAM yes ... no ... I do not , know . kurtzman pick up jill 's print - out and glance at it . he grimace and drop it back on the desk with a shudder . kurtzman come on , before they turn the light out . SAM nod . he turn off the machine . he stand up and follow kurtzman towards the door . the door be some distance away , and before they get there all the light go out . kurtzman bump into a desk and curse . 48 int . transport cage evening 48 pack tightly between other passenger SAM be busy draw long flow hair with a pencil on the computer print - out of jill turn she into the dream girl . the transport cage rattles through its elevate tube towards a tower block . 49 int . sam' corridor evening 49 the transport cage arrive at the platform form the end of SAM 's corridor . passenger disembark and head for various door along the corridor . SAM almost fail to get off in time - so concentrate on jill 's picture be he . look as if he 's try to make up he mind about something he head for he own front door . 50 int . sam' flat evening 50 SAM enter . the place be in a state of turmoil . service panel be off the wall . conduit , ducting , pipe , unknown mechanical horror spew from the wall as if the place be disembowel . spoor stand in the middle of it all try to direct two other workmen who be poring over wiring plan which seem to make little sense to they . dowser be not visible but there be a great deal of clunking and bang go on somewhere behind the wall . SAM what the - ? how do you - ? spoor emergency procedure . dowser ( o.s. ) ( muffle ) ... ergency procedure . SAM ( angrily ) I have not get a emergency . get out of here . for reply spoor whip a small tape- recorder out of he bag and play back SAM 's original phone call to Central service , claim " a emergency " . spoor shut off he machine , put back into he bag and come out with what look like a quite thin phone hook with carbon paper between each page . spoor indicate the bottom of page 1 . spoor sign here please . SAM what be it ? spoor ( surprised ) it 's a 27b / 6 , what do you think it be ? SAM take out kurtzman 's old - fashioned fountain pen from he pocket , sign where indicate . spoor register that SAM 's signature have hardly penetrate through he first carbon let alone the other 43 spoor ( sourly ) have not you get a ballpoint ? SAM resignedly start signing all the other page one by one . spoor realise that dowser 's echo have go miss . spoor now where 's he get to ? ( shout ) dowser ! dowser burst through a panel in the wall . this be the panel which tuttle have remove and replace . a few of the flat 's intestine have come out with dowser . dowser have make a find - tuttle 's spare part . spoor what have you get there ? dowser ( highly excited ) get there ! dowser point to tuttle 's spare part which be hang out of the wall attach to rubber tube . spoor examine this closely . SAM watch alarmed . the two men go into a mumble huddle . spoor mumble ... mumble ... mumble ... tuttle dowser mumble ... tuttle ... spoor tuttle ! ... mumble ! ( to Sam ) you have have that scab tuttle here , have not you ? dowser ... ave not you ? SAM what ? spoor who fix you duct ? dowser ... you duct ? SAM I fix it myself . spoor oh yeh ? where would you get this from eh ( he hold up tuttle 's spare part ) out yer nostril ? dowser ... yer nostril ? spoor Central service do not take kindly to sabotage ! dowser ... sabotage ! spoor and dowser and the other workmen gather up they tool - put they in the bag , grab everything else that belong to they and be leave . spoor grab the form - book out of SAM 's hand , rip out the last page , thrust that page at SAM , shove the book into he bag . the workmen begin leave the flat . SAM hang on ! wait a minute ! you can not just go and leave it like this ! spoor ( mock innocent ) why not ? all you have get to do be blow yer nose and fix it , have not you ? dowser ... have not you ? spoor ( leave ) you be put you talent to very odd use Mr lowry - yes , odd use - to pit wit against Central service - dowser ... sod you , stupid twit . they go , slamm the door behind hem , leave SAM in the ruin of he flat . SAM stand in the maim sit - room . Wall panel be off . tube , ducting wire etc . spill out into the room like greasy intestine . SAM more or less collapse onto a couch . he stare at the ceiling . the room be gently hiccough and belching around he . he stare at the print - out of jill 's face . slowly it dissolves into the dream girl . 51 ext . conduit forest night 51 dream girl 's face fill screen . the camera pull back to reveal that she be separate from we by a tangle forest of conduit / ducting - like vine . SAM be struggle through the vine , which grab at he , entwine and entangle he . finally burst free he reach out for the girl hover before he , but as he embrace she she dissolves in smoke and he plummet into a void beneath he foot . 52 ext . cloud night 52 CUT to SAM plummete down through dense cloud , he cape twist around he . somehow he manage to wrestle it clear of he body . gripping the corner he whip the cape up and over he head . the wind catch it and fill it out until it act as a parachute slow SAM 's descent . suddenly the cloud thin out and SAM can see below he . 53 ext . strange landscape anti -day 53 SAM be head down towards a barren landscape . strange mound dot the barrenness - they ooze smoke and the occasional flame . near one of the mound be two long line of shroud figure be force into two giant cage , suspend beneath two great misshapen balloon . the black - robe force of darkness ( fod ) surround the prisoner , relentlessly herding they towards the cage . the entire scene be strangely coloured by unearthly light . the sky be blood red and where the sun should be be a black disc . SAM descend on he cape-parachute . CUT to prisoner in they grey shroud , shuffle towards the jaw of the brutal cage . they be defeat , destroy , without hope . the fod prod and whip they forward . one of the fod raise he spear to force a stumbling prisoner to he foot but stop with the spear raise above he head . he have see something . other fod turn to see what it be . CUT to SAM landing on the beach - a short distance away . the prisoner stop and look up . we see they face clearly for the first time . one of they be mrs buttle . other be people SAM see in the flat , and the kide . SAM recognise they . he be slightly take aback . a look of determination cross he face . he draw the sword . everyone be freeze in place . SAM start forward . but he be stop by a violent tremor as the earth begin to tremble and shake . everyone look terrify . with a mighty roar a crack open up in the ground between SAM and the other . brilliant ray of light shaft upwards from the open . and then , with a maniacal shriek , the large black flap thing shoot out of the crevasse and streak high into the sky . SAM hesitates and turn to look down into the light . there , under several meter of the earth 's crust be fluffy white cloud darting about in a beautiful blue sky . SAM be delighted but as he look up he be freeze in he track by a enormous figure that straddle the crevasse . this terrifying creature stand over 12 foot high . he be encase in a frightening concoction of ancient japanese armour which seem on closer examination to he make of computer part . his face be hide behind a horrific steel mask . it be the giant samurai warrior that be push the drawer close in the storeroom of knowledge . in he hand be a evil-look spear . SAM be unsure which way to turn . the grey prisoner be be load into the cage with more speed . he turn to face the giant warrior . as SAM step forward the giant stand ominously still . then very slowly he raise he spear in a almost religious gesture . poof ! he vanish . as he do the light from the day be cut off . look down , SAM see that he crevasse have vanish as well . maniacal laughter from the flap black thing make SAM look up to see the balloon cage pack with grey prisoner rise up from the ground and begin to float away escort by the Black flap thing . SAM rush after it grab one of the trail rope . but as he be hoist into the air it be severe by the fod . he tumble to the ground . look around he see that , for some reason , the second balloon cage be still tethere nearby . SAM rush over to it and begin chopping the tether away . the cage bobble ungainlily as SAM cut the last restrain rope . grabbing hold he be pull upwards , but before he can reach the cage something clutches he leg halting he progress . as he struggle he other leg be catch . he be be pull back by two giant hand . look down he can see that from the top of one of the smoking mound a head and two giant arm protrude . the face look like mr kurtzman . SAM desperately cling on to the rope as he struggle with the restrain hand . mr kurtzman of the mound do not go ! it 's a trap ! she 's not what she seem . SAM kick and strain but the hand hold firm . 54 int . sam' flat night 54 SAM wake up . his foot be entangle in some wiring and ducting . he be still in he devastate sit room . as he untangle himself the door bell ring . it take a moment for SAM to recognise it as the door bell . annoy and still disturb by the dream he get up and go to the door . he open it . in burst a girl dress in a silly bell - boy costume with lot of glitter , net stocking and big-bow tap dance shoe . she launch into a terrible song and dance routine . girl ( sing ) Mrs ida lowry request the pleasure of you companyyyy at she apartment tonight , from eight thirtyyyy midnight to celebrate the completion of she recent cosmetic surgeryyyy the guest of honour will be Mr conrad helpmann , dep . under Minister of State for Public information , r.s.v.p. by sing telegram . SAM and the girl stand look at each other uneasily for a moment . SAM er ... thanks ... girl it 's reply pay . SAM oh ... ( he sing uncertainly ) thank you very much , mother , but actually - girl you do not have to sing it . SAM oh , right ... the girl begin to dance again - but this time in a rather strange strangle fashion . SAM ( he look at he watch ) be not you a bit late ? - the party start half a hour ago . girl yes , I know . it 's the backlog , everybody complain . be it all right otherwise ? SAM yes , it be ... very nice ... thank you . girl do you mind if I use you bathroom ? 55 int . mother ' S corridor night 55 SAM ring the doorbell to he mother 's flat . he be wear . a unstylish tuxedo and bow tie - obviously he only dress outfit . the door be open by a liveried flunky who 's about to speak when a attractive 40 - year old woman 's face appear over he shoulder and address SAM over the threshold . woman Sam , I be so glad you come . do come in . 56 int . mother' flat night 56 SAM step inside , where the flunky proceed to search he . the place be full of sleek people - smartly but less formally dress than SAM . it be a elegant baroque room - lavishly appoint but still violate by the ubiquitous Central service duct that thrust through antique tapestry and gilt mirror with little regard for aesthetics or the interior decorator 's feeling . SAM ( bewilder ) mother ? be that you ? mother ( take he arm - look slightly askance at he clothes ) of course . be not it wonderful ? the bandage come of this afternoon . come and join the fun . everybody 's here . SAM be Mr helpmann here ? mother yes he be - he want to talk to you . SAM I want to talk to he . SAM push away the flunky who be by now pass a metal detector over he . mother it seem you be the first person ever to turn down a promotion . he think you should see a doctor . SAM actually , I have decide ... dr jaffe hove into view . mother oh , Louis ! you know Sam . dr jaffe be no longer suave . he have be transformed by drink and success . mostly by drink . dr jaffe ( as high as a kite ) can you believe it ?! just I and my little knife ! snip - snip - slice - slice - can you believe it ? SAM ( repell ) congratulation ... dr jaffe and this be just the beginning !! SAM really ? dr jaffe chirst yes , you have see she with she clothes off . face be a doddle compare to tit and arse . ( explain ) no hairline . mother ( primly ) really , Louis . a handsome young piece of beefcake deliver a drink to mother . beefcake I have be look everywhere for you , ida . the beefcake take mother away . dr jaffe ah , dear boy ... and what do you think of you mother now ? voice ( off camera ) it will never last . SAM and dr jaffe turn to see who be speak . it be dr chapman a tall , pipe-smok , professional - look go . dr jaffe ( a trifle haughtily ) Excuse I , Dr chapman , do you say something ? dr chapman that technique ... I have try it . a nice effect . but highly unstable . in six month she will look like grandma mose . SAM wishing to escape from this bitchery turn away but suddenly freeze - the reflection in the large wall mirror next to he be not that of the party guest - but of the grey prisoner in he dream - they be mass in the room look pleadingly towards he . dr jaffe ( unsuave again ) now see here , chapman . at least mine do not look like they have be mug . through the grey prisoner push mrs terrain . mrs terrain ( call ) Sam ! SAM turn around to see she push through the party guest . mrs terrain be limping and be even more heavily swathed in bandage than the last time . dr chapman hastily move away as mrs terrain come up . she claim SAM , take he arm . SAM ( look at she worriedly ) whatever happen to you ? mrs terrain there be a slight complication . Dr. chapman say it often happen with a delicate skin like mine . nothing to worry about . he 's promise I I will have this bandage off in a ... SAM ( try to disengage ) actually , there 's someone I want to meet ... mrs terrain ( roguishly ) I know , I know ...! she drag SAM through the party and we arrive at she daughter , shirley , who be , of course , a wallflower . mrs terrain here we be ! I be go to leave you two lovebird in peace . SAM I ... uh ... but he be alone with shirley , stand at the entrance to he mother 's embarrassingly rampant boudoir style bedroom . in amongst the diaphanous curtain enclose the bed mother be play hide and seek with a young stud . SAM can I get you a drink , shirley ? shirley look at he terrify . SAM look ... shirley ... you mother ... and my mother ... they seem to have get the idea ... I mean , I be terribly flatter , of course , but , um , the thing be , I do not want you to be under any false ... shirley nstruggle into speech shyly ) it 's ... it 's ... all right ... I do not like you either ... this be not what SAM expect . he smile weakly at she . voice ( off camera ) Sam ! SAM turn round , to see jack lint a few pace away . SAM hello , Jack ! jack you remember alison ? he indicate he cute blonde perfect junior executive 's wife SAM hello , alison . you look different . alison well , I be two year older . jack and she 's be to Dr. jaffe ! alison lock displease . jack nwink at Sam ) she do not like I tell anyone but she 's pleased as anything really . SAM er , I know you look different . jack remember how they use to stick out ? SAM what ? - oh , yes - vividly . I use to wonder if they be real . alison what , my ear ? SAM you ear ? jack Dr. jaffe have pin she ear back . SAM ( cover up hopelessly ) quite , absolutely - I always think they be false . jack ( look past Sam ) Mr helpmann ! SAM spin round and see a very pleasant - look distinguished old man move in they direction . he be in a wheelchair . helpmann hello , Jack . jack you remember my wife ... alis - helpmann of course . Barbara be not it ? how be you ? alison um ... jack ( instantly . convey to alison that she must not object ) Barbara 's very well , thank you , sir . how be you ? helpmann Fine , thank you . hello , Sam . ida say you might be here . have you get a minute ? ( to Jack ) would you excuse we ? jack be take aback , envious and eager to please . jack of course .... of course ... come on alison - Barbara jack propel he wife away . helpmann I need you help , Sam . 57 int . bathroom night 57 it 's the sort of bathroom you would expect of mother , a adjunct to she boudoir . the pink or purple lavatory be in the process of flush , while SAM hold mr helpmann vertical , grasp he under the armpit , while mr helpmann be zipping he fly . helpmann thanks very much Sam . SAM that 's all right Mr helpmann . glad to help . he be lowering helpmann into the wheelchair . helpmann if I can help you ... SAM ( broaching the subject ) well , I ... in maneuver helpmann SAM clumsily knock over one of the pretty pot which fussily decorate mother 's bathroom shelf . a thin layer of powder be spread over the wash - stand . SAM sorry ... helpmann you father and I be very close . of course jeremiah be senior to I but we be close friend ... especially after the bombing ( he indicate he leg ) and I ( chuckle ) keep he name alive at the office every day . with he finger helpmann be trace letter in the powder surface . helpmann it 's as though he 's there speak to I - " 'ere I be , j.h. ! " the ghost in the machine . we see that helpmann have trace the letter ereiamjh in the powder . helpmann I know he would have want I to help you ... and I promise you mother I would take you onto the team at information retrieval . but I gather that ... SAM Mr helpmann . I have change my mind . I would like to accept the transfer - be I too late ? helpmann too late ? that 's for I to say . SAM well ... well , I ... helpmann put out he hand . SAM take it . helpmann welcome to information retrieval ! helpmann blow away the spill powder and ereiamjh with it . scene 58 delete scene 58 delete 59 int . information retrieval lobby day 59 CUT to wide shot of massive impose lobby - much like the record lobby - but this one be very austere . no crowd . no statue . no decoration . not even the ever- present security check . impressive . and a bit unnerve . frame in the doorway be a lone tiny figure . CUT to close up . it 's SAM . he hesitates and then enter . CUT to video screen . the video camera follow SAM across the lobby - till he stop in tight profile at reception desk . we tilt up revealing SAM stand face we just beyond the monitor which be on the desk . SAM ( diffidently to the porter ) my name be Sam lowry . I have to report to Mr Warren . porter ( look down he nose at Sam 's unsleek clerk 's suit and then hand he a i.d. badge ) thirtieth floor , sir . you be expect . SAM er , do not you want to search I ? porter no , sir . SAM ( take aback . reaching into he pocket ) my i.d. card . porter no need , sir SAM ( nonpluss ) but I could be anybody . porter no you could not , sir . this be information retrieval . ( indicate to the right ) the lift 's arrive , sir . 60 int . 30 th floor corridor day 60 SAM step out of the lift . the lift door close . SAM look up and down the corridor hearing nothing . silence . then he , and we , begin to hear a sound . it be a curious whirring murmure tummel sound , and it seem to be grow closer . suddenly a scrum of people swing into view around a corner at the far end of the rather long corridor . at the centre of the scrum be a tall man with a magisterial expression and a air of eternal bustle . this be mr warren . he be surround by the expediter who be compete for he attention with bit of paper and bit of sentence . mr warren be snap out decision . satisfied expediter drop out of the scrum at interval , disappear one at a time through one of the many door which line both side of the corridor . the scrum do not get any smaller because new expediter dart out of other door and join the milling mob . the whole circus be come by SAM at the rate of knot . the sound it make break down into something like this . expediter 1 ( wave pager ) Mr Warren , this order ... expediter 2 ( wave same ) Mr Warren ... expediter 3 ( ditto ) about this invoice ... victim 's list ... warren ( deal on all side ) yes ... no ... send that back ... wrong department ... of course ... of course not ... yes ... no ... maybe . CUT to SAM watch this caravanserai with awe as it start pass he . expediter 4 ... about this requisition ... expediter 5 Mr Warren ... ex / 27 have 15 suspect still outstanding . expediter 6 ... a decision , Mr Warren ... warren ... cancel that ... okay ... put half as terrorist , the rest as victim ... yes ... yes ... no ... definitely no ... SAM do not have the nerve to jump into this . the scrum sweep by and fade away along the corridor , and finally disappear around the corner at the other end . SAM follow . silence have descend again . 61 int . corridor day 61 SAM get to the corner of the corridor and find a similar corridor at right angle . he hesitates and continue . then he start to hear the sound again . it be come up from behind . mr warren have circumnavigated the building . the same sort of business be be enact at the same pace . as the scrum reach SAM he gather he nerve and jump right in beside warren , and keep go . SAM ( in a hurry ) I be lowry , Mr Warren ... Sam lowry . warren ( put arm around Sam ) ah. lowry ... yes. ( still deal with expediter ) ... no , cancel that ... glad to have you aboard ... yes ... no ... do not be ridiculous Jenkins ... yes , yes , yes ... you will like it up here ... send that back ... we have get a crack team of ... be they kid ? ... decision maker ... no , in triplicate ... I be expect big thing ... two copy to Finance ... of you ... send that to Security ... uh , uh , uh. ( poring over form ) uh , do not let progress see this ... between you and I , lowry , this ... no , no ... department ... tell record to get stuff ... be about to be upgrade and ... warren suddenly pivot around , swinging SAM 240 degree in the direction they come from plus a bit . warren ah , here we be ! ( they be stand face a door - one of the hundred of identical door lining this corridor ) what do you think ? the door say : officer dz/015 . SAM have no idea what he ought to say . warren ( solemnly ) you very own number ... on you very own door ... and behind that door ( he turn the knob and open the door ) ... you very own office . congratulation , dz/015 , welcome to the team . warren whirl off in a flurry of paperwork and expediter leave SAM stand dumfounded at the entrance to he office . CUT to SAM 's Pov of the office . it be about four foot wide . a small black - out window high on the far wall be bisect by what look like a recently construct side wall . the room be bare except for a chair and a desk which be also bisect by the new wall . pneumatic tube hang from the ceiling . SAM slowly enter the room . 62 int . sam' office day 62 SAM look lose ... disorient . he do not know where to begin because there 's nothing to begin with . he squeeze in behind he desk and for want of anything else to do start arrange he " in " and " out " basket . there in he " in " basket be one of the ubiquitous executive toy - gaily wrap with a card from helpmann - merry Xmas & welcome . SAM can not quite believe . he return to lining up he pencil , place a couple of bock ( phone book ) against the wall on the leave extreme of he desk . SAM turn he attention away from the book when suddenly they both fall over with a " plop " . puzzle , he stand the book up again , turn he eye away and " plop " . same result . intrigue , a bit exasperate , SAM carefully , and before he very eye , the desk begin to disappear into the wall , and " plop " , the book topple over . puzzle , SAM grab hold of the desk and begin to try to pull it back through the wall . the desk move back a inch or so , but then stop , somehow hold stubbornly . SAM grit he tooth , reallllly pull , grimace a bit , but the desk will not budge . intrigue , SAM get up , go around he desk and head for the door . 63 int . corridor day 63 cut to SAM come out of he office , turn right and walk to the next door , the nameplate of which read : officer dv/048 . as be he custom , SAM open the door without knock . 63a int . lime' office day 63a CUT to sam' Pov . here be a office much like he . it 's the other half of he room bisect by the partition wall . the other half of he desk be occupy by a slimy look , round - head little junior executive wholly occupy with try to drag a bit more of the desk into he office . he be unaware of SAM . SAM hello . lime startle , let go of he desk and vent he irritation on SAM whom he mistake for someone else . lime no , you can not have any more chair ! there 's only one leave in here now , and I need that to sit on ! ( realize he mistake ) oh ... er , sorry . who be you ? SAM Sam lowry . lime ( become unctuous ) ah , yes , you be the new boy from next door , ha ha ! ( he advance toward Sam with hand out to shake . shake hand ) my name 's lime . harvey lime . welcome to expedite . SAM ah. ( he pause - look around ) would you mind if I borrow you computer console ? lime what ? SAM I will bring it back in ten minute . lime you want to take my console into you office ? SAM yes . lime ( after a moment 's consideration ) I will tell you what .... you tell I what and I will do it for . I be a bit of a whizz on this thing . ( indicate computer console ) SAM hesitates , but see that there 's no other way . SAM ( take print - out on Jill from he pocket ) alright . there 's someone I want to check out . a woman call gillian layton . lime ( leer ) a woman eh ? I see . SAM ( try to ignore this ) I know she age and distinguishing mark . but I need a address or a place of work or something lime ( continue to leer ) this be you dream girl , be it ? SAM ( take aback ) what ? ( recover ) look , let I use the console for a few minute . lime ( try to be jocular ) you must be joke - ( entirely unconvincing ) when there 's a woman involved - there 's no stop I . now , let I have that sheet . he take Jill 's print - out sheet from SAM and begin to punch the key laboriously with one finger . nothing happen . lime sod it , it 's break ! SAM you have not switch it on . lime oh - yes . look you be put I off , stand there ! go back to you office and I will give you a knock when I have finish . SAM hesitates , but go . lime go on . I be not go to elope with she . SAM exit . 64 int . sam' office day 64 SAM be sit in he office listen to the protract one finger exercise which be go on next door . he stare dumbly at the shine , absolutely useless , executive toy . 65 ext . icy sea anti - day 65 the camera skim along over a icy sea . this be sam' Pov as he wing he way over the water with he new gleam wing . in the distance rise a strange massive ship . as he get closer we can see that the snip be list heavily to one side . in fact it be barely afloat . closer still , it become apparent that the ship be make of stone . Dark , evil , grey block of granite form not only the hull , but the super-stures and smokestack . it look like a massive medieval fortress go to sea . the screen be engulf in stone . the camera head up the side of the ship . Higher and higher we climb - past course after course of mammoth stone . reaching the first deck , we continue upwards . there appear to be no entrance . SAM be look frustrated and angry . but then he spot a open . a few stone have come loose - one of they jut out form a ledge . as the cage pass , SAM jump and manage to gain a foothold on the outcropping . squeeze through the gap in the rock , he make he way through a dark passage . emerging from the open he find himself teeter over a enormous abyss form by the outer hull and the inner stone core of the ship . great stone rib curve downward through the darkness break only by narrow shaft of brilliant light stream from occasional crack and fissure in the stone core . for a brief moment SAM get a glimpse of blue sky through one of the opening but he attention be distract by a distant moan . huddle far below he at the bottom of the dark abyss be hundred of grey shroud prisoner . they moan blend with the creak and groan of the stone as the ship slowly wallow back and forth . suddenly a great boom resound throughout the ship . SAM be unsure where it come from . and then another boom reverberate about he . he have to steady himself as the ship quiver from the noise . another book . he clutches at the wall . 66 int . sam' office day 66 SAM 's head be lean against the wall of he office . the boom repeat . lime be knock on the other side . SAM leap up . as he leave he office he look back to see the desk creep through to lime 's office a little bit more . 67 int . lime' office day 67 SAM enter . lime be stand , proudly hold out a sheet of paper . lime Computers be my forte . SAM ( read ) gillian layton , age twenty three , eye , blue , hair , black , weight , one hundred and twenty - one pound , distinguishing mark , blemish on right shoulder , scar on leave elbow he stop , have come to the end . he look at the other side of the paper but there 's nothing there . be this all you get ? lime it 's a start be not it . SAM ( disbely ) but I already know this ! lime best to take it slowly where some woman be concerned . SAM sit on lime 's chair and deftly punch the computer key . lime hey - that 's my desk ! SAM ( work quickly ) gillian layton - suspect s/5173 . truck driver ! all enquiry , reference officer 412 / L - room 5001 . ( switch off the machine and get up ) that 's what I want to know . thank you very much . 68 int . corridor day 68 SAM head off down corridor . warren & co. appear . warren ah , lowry , glad I catch you ... ( he continue to deal with expediter in between deal with Sam ) no , send it back for ... be you settling down ? ... I want this order rescind ... there 's a query on a personnel transporter you take out from the pool ... tell they no , tell they yes , ... or be it a personnel carrier you take out from transportation ... send that up to Security ... some kind of eight - wheel - half - track , be it ? ... tell he I want to see he ... send round the paperwork , lowry ... arrange a conference on that one ... anyway , tidy it up , lowry , there 's a good chap - get a new suit . do you want the lift ? the cavalcade be pass the lift . SAM back away into the open lift . the cavalcade pass on out of sight . the lift contain a charlady with a bucket and mop . she remain in the lift as SAM join she . 69 int . the lift 69 SAM press the button for the 50th floor . the lift door close on he and the charlady . from somewhere far away there be the groan shriek of a man in pain . SAM glance around the lift . there appear to be a air conditioning vent in the ceiling . SAM glance enquiringly at the charlady who merely smile at he . another scream be hear . SAM what 's that ? the charlady smile again . do not that disturb you ? the charlady fiddle with something in she ear and pull out a pair of wax earplug . charlady beg you pardon ? the lift arrive . 70 int . 50 th floor corridor day 70 the lift arrive . SAM step out . the charlady remain in the lift . the door close . SAM head down surgically clean white - tile corridor . pass a white - coat technician monitoring what appear to be electric meter , SAM come to a door with 5001 . above the door a red light be glow . SAM knock . the red light go out and a green light come on . SAM enter . 71 int . room 500l day 71 Inside there be a connect door to he next door room but the only person in the immediate room be a pleasant - look female typist , wear headphone , chew gum and type with great facility . SAM approach the typist who , busily type , twinkle a greeting ( mime ) and silently mouth the word ... typist it will not be long now . ( she carry on type ) SAM nod , and stand quietly by she . he can hear tiny sound come through she headphone . he look down at the piece of paper in the typewriter . he react a bit strangely , perhaps even wince . we see he close up of the word be strike crisply on paper . on typewriter ahhhh , oh God ... no , do not ... uhh , please ... I ... stop !! I can not stand ... aiieeee . typist ( quietly , still type ) can I help you ? she be look at SAM helpfully , hold one of the earphone away from she ear . from this earphone we can just hear quietly ... earphone oooooooh ... aaaaaahhh ... please ... arrrrrghhhh no ... please ... oh God , no ... no , stop , I do not know ... SAM I be look for Officer 412/l. the typist nod smile . she put back the earphone and carry on type . typist I be sure he will not be long now . she type a little more but suddenly stop . I think so ! she take off the earphone and take the paper and carbonum out of she typewriter and start collate all the different copy . through the frost glass door lead into the next area , SAM can see a figure come through a double door and turn leave , make a silly ' hi ' sign to the typist as he exit from sight . she be charme . almost immediately after they , a white - coat technician exit , but to the leave . typist you can go in now . 72 int . jack office day 72 SAM go through the glass door and be about to push open the double door in front of he . he be halt by a noise from the typist - she indicate that he be to go to the leave . he do so and enter a office . a antique desk with a large collection of executive toy and other tastefully reassure furniture fill the room which be a rather oddly shape ... distort as it by the curve wall of the much larger room that SAM be stop from enter . nevertheless the feel of the room be confidently successful . a buzzing noise draw SAM 's attention to the wash basin in the far corner . the information retrieval technician be stand by a sink mass he temple with old - fashioned scalp vibrator . his back to we . SAM Excuse I . be you officer 412 /l? the technician make no sign of have hear this . he continue vibrate he temple . SAM ( a bit louder ) er , excuse I ! get no response SAM walk over to the technician . as he pass the desk he notice a strange mask lie face down on the desk top . it seem strangely familiar - but as it be a negative concave image SAM be not sure . he continue over to the technician . SAM ( louder ) Excuse I . he touch the technician on the shoulder , who jump with a start . he spin around and turn out to be none other than jack lint . he be amaze to see SAM . SAM ( surprised ) Jack !! jack ( recover slightly ) SAM ! what a surprise ! SAM ( even more surprised ) be you officer 412 / l? jack look confuse . he pause , and then remove ear plug . jack ( shaking Sam 's hand ) sorry about that ... Mr helpmann tell I you be come aboard - congratulation ! SAM thanks . be you officer 412/l? jack for my sin . be you settling in alright ? SAM yes , thanks . jack terrific . I be really glad you drop by . unfortunately , I do not have any time right now I have get a queue of customer to deal with - er , why do not we have a drink tonight ? SAM ( diffidently ) ah ... jack what ? SAM I do not want to take up you time now , but I be hope you could give I some information on somebody . it 's a security level three matter and information retrieval record say to refer to you . jack ok . come back this afternoon , about four o'clock . if you give I the number of the case , I will have the dossier here wait . ( he pull card from he pocket - push it towards Sam ) my tailor , ... well worth the investment . SAM ( take print - out sheet from he pocket ) I have get number all over this - I be not sure which be the one you want . jack ( look at the print - out picture of Jill over Sam 's shoulder ) layton ! oh shit ! SAM what be it ? jack you clever bastard ! I might have guess . you only move in today and you be already hot on the bloody trail . SAM be I ? jack please , Sam , we be go to have to be open to each other on this one . if you make a reputation with this case , it will be at my expense . SAM how do you mean ? jack how much do you know ? SAM not much . jack enough though , eh ? SAM ( get suck into this exchange ) not really , no . jack go over to the sink and turn on the tap full blast , splash the water noisily into the basin . jack ok . ok . let 's not fence around ... this be the situation . some idiot somewhere in the building , some insect , confuse two of we client , b58/732 and t47/215 . SAM b58/732 , that 's A. buttle be not it ? jack Christ ! you do know it all ! SAM no , no , I do not . I be just beginning honestly . sorry , carry on . jack well , you A. buttle have be confuse with t47/215 , a A. tuttle . I mean , it 's a joke ! somebody should be shot for that . so b58/732 be pull in by mistake . SAM you get the wrong man . jack ( a little heat ) I do not get the wrong man . I get the right man . the wrong man be deliver to I as the right man ! I accept he , on trust , as the right man . be I wrong ? anyway , to add to the confusion , he die on we . which , have he be the right man , he would not have do . SAM you kill he ? jack ( annoyed ) Sam , there be very rigid parameter laid down to avoid that event but buttle 's heart condition do not appear on tuttle 's file . do not think I be dismiss this business , Sam . I have lose a week 's sleep over it already . SAM I be sure you have jack there be some real bastard in this department who do not mind break a few egg to make a omelette , but thank God there be the new boy like I who want to maintain decent civilized standard of terrorist eradication . we have get the upper hand for the moment , but they be wait for we to slip up , and a little slip - up like this be just the chance they be look for . SAM so how ...? jack what I have get to do now be pick up tuttle , interrogate he at the same voltage as buttle , to the same meter read to the last penny , and juggle the book in electrical banking . SAM what have tuttle do ? jack we suspect he of freelance subversion . SAM ( dumbly ) he 's a freelance subversive ? jack he 's a compulsive heating engineer . a maverick ex - Central service repair man with a grudge against society . now , fortunately , we be nearly out of the wood , I think . at least we will be when I get this layton woman under arrest . jack turn off tap and go behind screen . SAM ( agitate ) what 's she do ? jack you do not know as much about this business as you pretend to , do you ? SAM er ... no . jack very smart . SAM er ... but I would have find out anyway . jack yes . I be impressed . SAM ( play the game ) tell I about layton . jack she witness the tuttle arrest - the buttle arrest - and since then she 's be make wild allegation , obviously try to exploit the situation - she 's work for somebody , and she 's not work for we . SAM a terrorist ? jack come from behind the screen with a look confirm just what SAM fear , and hand he a suit . SAM ah ... thanks . SAM begin to put the suit on . SAM ( hesitantly ) but surely , I mean , perhaps she just happen to live above the buttles , and ... jack ( pick up photograph of wife and kid from he desk ) look after that suit , eh. Barbara choose it for I . SAM right . er , you be not go to keep call she Barbara , be you ? jack Barbara 's a perfectly good name , be not it ? SAM ( prefer to let he drop ) look , about the layton woman - maybe she 's just try to help the buttle family . jack why ? SAM why ? Hell , not for any reason ... jack nbaffle ) I do not follow you . SAM out of kindness . jack ( utterly baffle ) kindness ? what 's the purpose behind this line of enquiry ? SAM ( decide to abandon this line of country ) so what be you go to do about she ? jack get she out of circulation - I have put she on the detention list . SAM ( think fast ) you mean you be go to invite she in so that she can spill the bean inside the department ? jack ( take aback ) well , I ... good point . what do you suggest ? SAM let I try to get to she . I will deactivate she . jack what do that mean ? I do not want to be involved in anything unsavoury . SAM trust I . you do trust I , do not you ? jack of course . we go to school together . you be my oldest friend . SAM and you be mine . jack you be the only person I can trust . SAM then we would better keep this business just between the two of we . jack right ! just between as and the Security force . SAM they be not at school with we . jack but , I have already put she on the search and detain list . SAM take she off the list . jack there 's no procedure for that until she 's be arrest . SAM say it be a mistake . jack we do not make mistake . SAM well , I would better get out there and try to get to she before security do . let I borrow she dossier for a while . jack er ... alright . for Christ 's sake do not lose it . here , you would better sign for it . jack present SAM with something to sign . he then give he the dossier . SAM thanks , Jack . I will be in touch . jack do you know what you be do . SAM ( about to say no , then pause ) trust I . jack ( admire Sam 's new look ) Sam ... we be proud to have you at information retrieval . merry Xmas . ( he hand Sam another executive package ) 73 int . corridor day 73 SAM step out of room 5001 , newly suite with old suit over arm . two guard be guide a baggee down the corridor ahead of he . suddenly , the baggee break away from he guard and begin to cannonball down the corridor directly at SAM . SAM be flatten against the wall as the baggee rocket by . CUT to guard strolling past SAM . CUT to baggee run full tilt to the end of the corridor , smash into the wall , bounce back , get up ( now cross - way in the corridor ) , bounce off that wall , then the wall behind he , then ... 74 int . lift day 74 slightly unnerve , SAM get in the lift , push the button for he floor - the 30th - and immediately begin peruse jill 's dossier . the lift descend . but unnotice by SAM continue past he floor without stop . it stop at the lobby mezzanine . SAM look up and realize he be on the wrong floor . angrily he push the correct floor number but before the door close he hear a angry woman 's voice echoing through the massive lobby . he look in the direction of the porter desk . there stand jill argue with the porter . jill but you have stamp this form before ! why will not you stamp it now ? porter you have just say yourself , miss , we have already stamp it . why should we stamp it twice ? SAM be freeze . he can not believe what he see . the lift door close . SAM be too slow to stop they . madly he push the button - to no effect . the lift descend . ( at this point we have better describe the lift . it be a cross between the old metal grille lift with accordion grille door and the super - sleek modern lift that rise and fall in glass tube so that one can have panoramic view of dramatic architectural space such as the lobby of the Ministry . ) SAM can see jill and if jill be to look up she could see SAM descend . he be shouting and rattling the bar of the lift cage but no sound escape to catch she attention . SAM sink below the floor of the lobby desperately try to stop the demon lift . from he Pov we see jill disappear from view still argue with the porter . 75 int . basement day 75 the lift come to rest . SAM be still try to get it to respond and return he to the lobby . two technician be wait as the door open . from SAM 's Pov he see they hang a sign on the door and walk away . he bang the button for another moment with no result . he look out of the lift and be able to read the sign - " lift out of order " . frantically he look around for another lift . all the other be on distant floor - then he spot one off to one side , its door stand open . rushing over to it he leap inside and reach to push the floor number - but there be no number on the button , only letter . before he can sort this out a voice shout at he . voice hey , you - get out of there . a guard approach look tough and mean . guard what do you think you be do ... that 's the deputy Minister 's lift . SAM sorry , I be in a hurry . guard hold on , sonny ... let 's see you i.d. SAM fumble through he pocket desperate to get back to the lobby before jill leave . he have forget he be wear he new i.d. badge . the guard can not see it because jill 's dossier be cover it . SAM shit ... it 's here somewhere . my name 's lowry , Sam lowry - expedite ... can not this wait ? guard no , sir ... ( get out book of form ) I be go to have to file a report on this . now ... what date be it today ?... SAM give up try to find he i.d. card . SAM ( frantic ) sorry , it will have to wait . he run off - drop suit - towards some stair he have spot . guard stop !! come back ! he start to run after SAM . two other guard also give chase . 75a int . stair day 75 a SAM scramble up the stair . guard in pursuit . 76 int . basement day 76 the original guard rush over to a guard desk and insert key into cover of what be clearly a alarm button . 77 int . stair day 77 SAM still run . 78 int . lobby day 78 jill be still argue with porter . jill ( sweetly ) you be a stupid , fat arse , obstructive , fascist moron be not you ? porter if you say so . jill you think this be tit do not you ? porter ah. jill I bet you would like to touch they ? porter oh. jill well do not . you be look at twenty pound of high explosive ! and if you do not stamp this form I be go to blow the place up ! jill thump the desk with she fist . 79 int . basement day 79 the guard throw the alarm switch . 80 int . lobby day 80 alarm bell start ringing and from secret door heavily armed guard leap out , they gun train on jill as she appear to be the only person around . guard ( shouting ) drop it !! jill have only the form in she hand - which she dutifully drop . she be terrify by the suddenness and size of the response to she hit the desk . the guard close in . SAM rush out of the door lead to the stair . he can not believe the sight that greet he . he respond instinctively , SAM stop ! let she go ! he rush over to the porter 's desk just as the guard behind he come through the door . he do not have a clue what he be go to do but , as he reach the group of guard they snap attention . confused he look around and then realize he i.d. badge , be on he lapel and the guard be respond as train . the guard chase he screech to a halt when they see the other snap to attention . everyone look confuse , embarrassed , hesitant to make the next move . SAM break the silence . SAM well do ... uh ... excellent work ... quick think . I will take charge of she now ... realising he have jill 's dossier , he show it to everyone - she print - out picture be on the front page . it 's a classified matter ... I will include you fine handle of the situation in my report SAM be suddenly aware he be still hold the executive toy present - he hand it to the porter . SAM ( grab Jill ) come with I , please . he hustle she towards the door . 81 ext . information retrieval build day 81 SAM march jill out of the main door and down the front step of the information retrieval building . as he struggle with she some of the papers in the dossier slip out unbeknownst to SAM and leave a trail of litter behind they . jill who be you ? let go ! SAM do not look back ! Act naturally ! jill how can I act naturally , when you have try to break my arm ? CUT to the Pov of the Ministry of information front door guard . they be look down the step at the retreate back of SAM and jill who be jostling each other . the guard see jill elbow SAM in the rib . SAM ( wince ) ow ! that hurt ! jill good ! voice from behind stop ! come back here ! SAM oh , God ... no ! he turn around , know that the game be up . but instead of one of the guard shouting - it 's a old lady angrily glaring at he and point to a " keep you city tidy " sign above a litter bin . old lady ( scream ) can not you read english ? you illiterate foreign pig ! you come here from you own filthy country and think you can mess we street up ! you should be fry alive , you dirty verminous ... etc. etc . SAM see the trail of dossier litter blow about the pavement . he let go of jill for a moment to grab at the papers . the lady continue scream at he , she little pekinese dog ( who incidentally wear a plaster over he bum hole ) yap at he ankle , rip SAM 's new trousers . SAM be tear between try to regain the page of the dossier and follow jill who have disappear round the corner . he give up retrieve the paper and rush after jill . cutting back to the two guard , who have be observe all this bizarre activity , we see one of they read one of the piece of paper . other guard hey , you should not be read that it 's classified . 82 ext . just around the corner day 82 jill be behind the steering wheel of she lorry which be just start to move off . SAM frantically run towards the lorry , leap on the run board and pull himself up into the cab . 83 int . lorry cab day 83 SAM ( climb in ) well do , that 's it ... let 's go ! vrmmm . vrmmm . SAM look up and down he side of the street anxiously before realize that jill have switch off the engine and be sit glaring at he . they be stop , right in front of the Ministry building . SAM ( frantic ) what be you do ? for Christ 's sake ! get move ! jill who be you ? desperately SAM pull roller blind down over window . SAM ( hurriedly ) Sam lowry . hello . this sound insane , I know , but I have be dream about you . even before I see you you be in my dream . weird be not it . I mean ... I do not know what it mean ... but it might mean something ... might not it ? I hope so . anyway you be in danger and I think we should get out of here , now , quick ! come on ! still jill do nothing . SAM pull down roller blind over . window . SAM ( desperate ) bloody hell ! do as I say ! jill ( hard , icy cool ) no . SAM ( beginning to lose he bottle ) please ! jill continue to sit , glaring . SAM delve into he pocket and drag out a handful of i.d. card and papers , most of which fall onto the floor . he then remember that the badge he 's look for be pin to he jacket . he thrust it forward at jill . SAM ( beside himself with panic ) alright ! alright ! alright ! I be information retrieval Officer - ( he check the number somewhere . on the badge ? ) dz /015 , and I be arrest you for - you own good ! now start up and get move before I hand you back to they ! ( indicate m.i. building ) jill they ? SAM us. they . I do not know ... just get go . jill start up and move off , very cool , in she own time . by now SAM have get the shake . jill ( indict the papers that Sam have drop ) do not litter my cab ! SAM ( pick they up ) oh , sorry . 84 ext . CITY freeway day 84 a high shot of the lorry , move through the city among traffic . 85 int . travelling lorry day 85 jill be preoccupy with drive . she be smoking a cigarette . SAM occasionally glance at she . SAM ... this be amazing ... for I ... be here with you . I mean , in my dream you ... jill I do not want to hear about you fuck dream ! SAM oh. but ... look , I be sorry I shout at you . jill ( mainly to herself ) why be they all pig at information retrieval ? SAM I do not know . ( realize that this include he ) hey , that 's not a very nice thing to say . jill blow smoke in SAM 's direction . SAM ( wave the smoke away ) you know , smoking 's bad for you . jill it 's my fuck life . SAM ( wind down the window ) yes , of course . sorry . jill ( lighting up another cigarette ) I know you . I see you through the floor , do not I ? SAM yes. ceil . why do you run away ? jill I do not run away . I leave the flat . SAM why ? jill I do not like it . SAM why not ? jill it have a hole in the floor . where be we go ? jill where be you take I ? SAM what ? jill where be you take I ? SAM ah ... er ... it look as if you be take I . jill it do do not it ? SAM ( slightly worried ) where be you take I ? 86 ext . travelling lorry 86 we pull back and lift off to see that the beautiful countryside through which we have be travel be in fact a solid wall of giant bill - board , advertising all sort of wonder like pine scent lavatory paper , sea spray flavor cigarettes - you name it - this advertisement form a unbroken corridor down which the road travel . from a bird 's eye Pov we see that the land behind the hoarding be blast and blight with garbage etc . 87 ext . power plant day ( late afternoon ) 87 the power plant be a extensive , brutal , Dante 's inferno of a landscape make mainly of steel ... tower , chimney , huge pipe , building which look like bomb shelter ... it be still daylight but the whole scene be murky and forbid because of the swirl steam and smoke . in the murk can be see sinister - look figure in protective clothing and hard hat . this be the world which be now enter by jill 's lorry ... the lorry halt at a despatch hut near the crane and jill jump down from the cab . SAM stay inside , look around . something catch he eye . CUT to facade of house . window box with flower and shrubbery surround by a white picket fence provide domestic charm , however , in the doorway stand a man with protective clothing and something like a gas-mask over he face . he be wave to someone . slowly the house rise out of frame . in a wider shot we can see the house be suspend from and a giant crane that swing it through the air - air fill with stead , smoke , evil -smell fume . it be lower onto the back of a lorry and we can see that the house be one of many prefabricate house use in the construction of the power plant . 88 int . lorry cab day 88 SAM watch jill walk away from the lorry and enter the despatcher 's hut . he look around uneasily and then he start examine the inside of the lorry and open a compartment which seem to be full of map , rag , etc . he get grease on sleeve of he suit . in the space behind the seat he find the piece of luggage which jill have carry away from the flat . he start to examine this cautiously and be startle by the sudden open of the cab door . jill do not act guilty . Act like I . I be just get on with my job . or , be you just get on with yours ? jill get into the cab and close the door and drive to a forward look position . SAM what 's go on here ? jill what do it look like ... I be collect empty . the lorry stop and jill get out . from SAM be p.o.v. , the house suspend from the crane start move through the sky towards the lorry . he glance back to see jill slip a package out from behind the seat . she glance surreptitiously over she shoulder and slip the parcel inside she jacket she walk away . 89 ext . lorry late afternoon 89 SAM climb down from the cab try to keep a eye on jill . he end up stand next to a rusty kodak photospot standard . the picture on it - though fade by pollution - be of the beautiful valley that have now be replace by the murk and mess of the power plant . jill have make she way over to a rather shadowy figure lurking around the corner of one of the metal structure . they appear to be exchange parcel . SAM be worried by this suspicious behaviour - reinforce as it be by a Ministry poster on the side of the building that illustrate , almost identically , the action we have just see along with the warning : " mind that parcel . eagle eye can save a life " . CUT to the house be lower and secure onto the lorry . 90 int . lorry cab late afternoon 90 jill be start up the lorry . SAM be glance over she shoulder at the suspicious parcel which be tuck behind she . they move off . the last view of the power plant be of a group of men all in protective clothing and mask happily play a game of volleyball . 91 int . travelling lorry later afternoon91 SAM ok . what 's in the parcel ? jill what parcel ? SAM nod knowingly in the direction of the parcel . jill I do not know . Christmas present . SAM pick it up . SAM it 's heavy . jill a heavy Christmas present . he glance at she suspiciously . jill open it if you do not trust I . SAM hesitates and put the parcel down . SAM I would rather trust you . jill give he a quizzical look and smile slightly , in spite of herself . she turn away so that he will not notice . 92 int . travelling lorry in CITY traffic dusk 92 jill what be you do in information retrieval ? SAM look for you . jill no , really . SAM really . jill I mean , it do not suit you . SAM ( look at he jacket ) suit I ? jill do not you know the sort of thing that information retrieval do ? SAM what do you mean ? would you rather have terrorist ? jill we have get both . SAM thing would be worse without information retrieval . jill they could not be worse for the buttles . SAM be at a loss . jill why do not you say , no system be perfect . SAM well , no system be . jill say , all war have innocent victim . SAM well , all war do - jill who be this war against , Sam ? SAM well , terrorist of course . jill how many terrorist have you meet ? actual terrorist ? SAM actual . terrorist ? well ... it 's only my first day . jill burst out laugh . SAM join in . they be both laugh hysterically as they approach the Central supplies depot . 93 ext . central supplies dusk 93 the impression be that the place could be a abandon airfield out to the use of a vast open air warehouse whose content be arrange in a grid pattern of " street " , all the street be line by stack , pile , rank , jumble of goods and object which seem at first to be arbitrarily group , some of they ( like the stack of prefabricate house ) stand in the open other protect under simple area of roofing . each group of assorted supplies lie inside the square of the grid of street . the street be eerily light by light just be switch on , and each square be also light by harsh localize lighting . the effect be a nightmarish gigantic aladdin 's cave of black shadow and garishly light mountain of stuff . 94 int . lorry dusk 94 jill 's lorry start down one of the " street " . jill ( as they pass a clock in " C " 's ) look at that - right on time . SAM what ? I think you be free to come and go as you please . jill well , almost ... unfortunately I do have to punch in by 5.00 every day . SAM ( slightly surprised ) every day ? SAM turn around ! jill what ? SAM they will be there wait . jill who will ? SAM Security . jill you be joke . SAM no. please . they be go to arrest you . jill I think you arrest I . SAM yes ... but , this be real . now , stop ! ( he grab for the emergency brake ) jill ( push he hand away ) cut it out , Sam . SAM ( grab at the steering wheel ) will you please turn back . jill ( shove he back ) get away ! SAM ( lung for the steering wheel ) turn ! jill ( unable to control he ) stop it ... damn you ! SAM throw the lorry into a gut - suck skid . 95 ext . central supplies dusk 95 the lorry skid around a corner and roar down a side street of container . 96 int . lorry dusk 96 SAM and jill be fight for control of the lorry . jill you be mad ! you be out of you mind ! at that moment the air be split apart by the wail of siren . SAM and jill look back . 97 ext . central supplies dusk 97 from inside two strategically place wooden container stack amongst the pile of container mark " automobile " burst forth two Security vehicle . Wood fly , light flash , wheel smoking - they squeal away in pursuit . 98 int . lorry dusk 98 SAM I be right ! step on it ! jill let go ! we have get to stop ! SAM now you be the one that 's out of you mind . jill Sam ... we can not outrace they . you will kill we ! they struggle for control of the lorry . 99 ext . central supplies dusk 99 the lorry rumble down the street of container lurching from side to side as the battle in the cab wage back and forth . container be smashed open and they content spill out only to be further damage as the pursue Security vehicle crash through they . the lorry escape from the street of container and cannon through the main gate and out on to the street of the city . 100 int . lorry cab dusk 100 SAM and jill be still struggle violently for control of the lorry . SAM be terribly inexpert as a driver but he behave like someone possess . through the rear view mirror he can see the Security vehicle catch up with they . he start fumble with he multiple gear lever . jill do not touch that ! 101 ext . domestic street dusk 101 the lorry roar down a street of terrace house and then screech around a corner . 102 int . lorry dusk 102 SAM push jill 's hand back and grab for the lever that he think be overdrive . but rather than gain speed there be a terrible lurch as the house and trailer disconnect from the cab . 103 ext . domestic STREET dusk 103 the house slide off the trailer which be skid sideways and crunch to the ground just as the Security vehicle round the corner . 104 int . security vehicle dusk 104 from behind the driver we can see that the house have settle across the roadway at right - angle to the other house , make it appear to be a normal dead end street . so shocked be the driver that he fail to stop in time and kablow !! the car smashes into the house . 105 ext . domestic STREET dusk 105 hot on the heel of the 1st car , the 2nd vehicle skid and then smashes into the house which collapse and then explode in flame . 106 int . jill lorry dusk 106 SAM sit paralyse with shock . the lorry have come to a halt . jill be desperately try to get he to move . jill come on , let 's go ! let 's get out of here ! SAM oh God ! what have we do ? jill we ? do not blame I ! SAM it be not suppose to happen like this . jill ( look behind ) shit ! the house be on fire ! SAM " and you child all go . " jill what ? SAM " Lady bird , lady bird , fly away home , you house be on fire and you child all go " ... do you think anyone 's hurt ? jill yes. ( tapping he on the forehead ) come out , I know you be in there 107 ext . domestic STREET dusk 107 a Security vehicle in full banshee howl roar through the street . we roar along with it as it round a corner and skid to a halt at a safe but strike distance from jill 's lorry . heavily armed security police pour out and take up fire position behind park car or whatever other cover be available . searchlight be play on the lorry . the officer in charge appear with a loud-hailer . officer in charge come out , we know you be in there ! you can not possibly escape . throw you weapon from you vehicle and come out slowly with you hand on you head . obey my instruction and no harm will come to you . but if you force we to shoot we will shoot to kill . during the above speech a SMALL boy on a tricycle " roar " around a corner behind the security police . he ride into a gap between they , roll he tricycle over and " take cover " behind it . he point he toy rifle at jill 's lorry and take shot . in reaction to the noise make by the kid 's rifle the officer in charge dive for cover and the security troops open fire and pepper jill 's lorry cab with hole . a few of the security troops then rush forward and fling open the cab door . the cab be empty . the officer in charge get to he foot and look about . his uniform be cover with dust , oil and shit from the street . he just miss see the back of the boy as he disappear round the corner on he tricycle . 108 int . lingerie department / shopping centre 108 to the lush sound of musak we glide through the glitter sensuous , supportive world of lady undergarment . as we slip past girdle , bras , panti-hose for a variety of exotic occasion we come upon SAM and jill push a shopping trolley . in the trolley be the " suspicious " parcel which jill be give at the power plant . SAM this be a hell of a time to buy a nightie . jill be you still follow I ? SAM please , Jill ... I love you . jill go away . SAM there be plenty of other safe place . why do not we go back to my flat ? jill leave I alone ! SAM you have get to trust I . it sound silly but I know we be mean to meet . jill you mean you be mean to hijack my truck , make I crash it , and have every security man in town look for I ? SAM I vas just try to help . I decide to trust you . maybe I be wrong . whose side be you on really ? who be you friend ? who be the man who give you the parcel ? what 's in it ? it 's the only thing you save from the lorry .... it must he something very special . jill I save you from the lorry and you be not very special . SAM ........... it 's a bomb be not it ? jill ( exasperate ) oh ... Jesus ! SAM grab the parcel from the trolley and try to start tear it open . SAM I be go to open it ! jill ( grab parcel and try to take it from he ) no you be not ! they start a ugly little struggle for the parcel . SAM 's suit get slightly rip . they tug -of - war be interrupt by a voice off camera . voice SAM !! SAM turn to see mrs terrain and shirley a short distance away . mrs terrain be heavily bandage and sit in a wheelchair which shirley be push . mrs terrain it 's I and shirley ! from the terrain ' Pov SAM look as if he be wrestle with a dummy , or with himself if he be beside a full length mirror . the mirror or something obscure jill . mrs terrain and shirley exchange puzzle look and proceed toward SAM . SAM ah ... hello , Mrs terrain . SAM let go of the parcel and push jill away . she move off . SAM ( after Jill for Mrs terrain 's benefit ) I think that will hold it . ( to shirley ) hello shirley . just help someone tie up a Christmas present . how be you ? mrs terrain my complication have a complication , but Dr chapman say I will soon be up and bounce about like a young gazelle . be you buy a Christmas present for you mother ? SAM ( try to keep a eye on Jill who be disappear from sight ) er , yes ... mrs terrain shirley and I come here regularly . I love romantic lingerie . she unwrap a set of red and black , fur trim thing with strategic hole in they . mrs terrain ( coyly ) picture I in this . at this moment there be a almighty explosion from the far corner of the store . it be the corner that we last see jill move towards . SAM race towards the smoke , dust cover he suit . he find bras , knicker , break shop dummy , bleed customer and shop assistant all over the place . on the edge of this devastate area he see jill struggle out from under a pile of negligee and plaster dust . he rush over to she . SAM ( frantic ) be you alright ? jill yes . SAM ( anxiety give way to anger ) you do not deserve to be ! you should be dead , or maim like they .... how could you ...? ( indicate the wounded ) what a bloody stupid thing ... I should . have make you open it in the lorry she have dig the parcel out of the debris and have rip it open . under the brown paper be a dozen brightly coloured . Christmas package - yes you guess it - executive toy . she throw the parcel and its content hard into SAM 's chest . he topple back - ward - tangling himself up with the severe limb of a shop dummy . jill there 's you bomb ! we annual bribe for official ass-hole like you ! SAM sit in the debris - ashamed and relieved . liquor ooze from the break bottle all over SAM 's suit . he be at a loss for word . jill 's attention be attract by moan come from the badly hurt bomb victims . she go to help they . jill ( to Sam ) come on , make yourself useful , there be people hurt ! jill go around try to make the injured comfortable . SAM follow she . he take off he jacket with he information retrieval badge on the lapel and use it to make a pillow for one of this victims . by now siren be wail , water sprinkler be function , and there be general pandemonium . security guard run into the area and begin arrest everyone , include the dead and injured . one of the guard try to drag off the woman whom jill be attend . jill hey stop ... she 's hurt ! the guard give jill a thump in the side of the face with he glove hand . SAM see red . SAM don't touch her !! the guard look up and as he do so he be transformed into the giant warrior from SAM 's dream . he tower over the wounded , the dying and the debris of the blast lingerie department . SAM grab for a weapon and come up with one of the arm ( now detach ) of the shop dummy . it make a passable club . jill SAM .... do not !! the two combatant square off ... look for a open ... a chink in the other 's defence - at which point SAM be flatten from behind by a trooper 's gun butt . 108a int . stone shipanti -day108a SAM be fall down the inner wall of the stone ship . he tumble end over end - unable to stop he crash descent . with a thud he hit the bottom . stun , bruise and batter he try to get up . stand over he be the grey prisoner . they press forward . SAM ( feebly ) where be she ? be she here ? the grey prisoner dissolve into what look like several baggee . 109 int . black maria evening 109 the baggee hang from a track on the ceiling of the Black Maria . SAM be lie on the floor , cover by he jacket , with he badge prominently display . he be daze and mumble ... the only baggee in the wagon apart from two guard who have remove they helmet and be relax while travel back to base . guard a ( scratch he head ) this helmet do not half make you scalp itch . guard B ooh , do not mention it . ( beginning to scratch he head ) and they make you sweat . half the time I can not see where I be go - there 's a great Niagara of perspiration come down . guard a I be lucky , I have get thick eyebrow . that keep it up and channel it out to my ear . SAM stir and groan guard B who 's he ? guard a someone from information retrieval they be always hang about in lingerie . SAM be come to he sense . he take in the situation , see all the baggee and stagger to he knee . SAM Jill ! Jill ! be you there ?! he begin rummage through the baggee . one of which be dress as father christmas . SAM open the " face vent " of the baggee be ' hood . a pair of strange eye look out . guard a Excuse I , sir - that 's government property . SAM be here a girl here ? tall , fair hair , blue eye ? guard a dunno sir . they check all that at the depot . SAM continue fumble about the baggee . guard 3 ( pull Sam back ) we can not allow you to do that sir , it 's more than we job 's worth . SAM ( shaking Guard off ) I have get to find she ! Jill ! Jill ! guard a you can always fill in a application form , if you be a relative , sir . please stop , sir . SAM take no notice . SAM Jill ! Jill ! guard a hit SAM , knock he out again . guard a sorry about that sir . regulation . we will have you safely back in you office in no time . scene 110 & 111 delete . scene 110 & 111 delete . 112 int . sam' office evening 112 SAM recover consciousness to find himself sit at he desk in he office . he be bruise and batter and have a black eye . his suit be tear and bloody . mr warren be grip he by the throat and give he a lecture . behind warren , crowd the doorway , be the people who circulate around he and be the cast of the warren high energy circus . lime be with they . warren this be a black eye for the department , lowry ! ... and I do not care how you behave when you be at record ! information retrieval be a executive branch ! we be proud of we reputation and we protect it ! one of he accolyte thrust a paper into he hand - he glance at it . damn it , lowry , that convoy of troop carrier be still not account for ... I think I tell you to deal with it . he slam the form down onto the desk which be cover with other form . and what the hell be this mess ? a empty desk be a efficient desk . he have pick up some of the form . good God ! ... query from Security , search from Central bank about a cheque , clarification notice from account concern unreturn receipt , another demand from the motor Pool . SAM Mr Warren ... I have to find out about ... warren shut up ! I do not know what 's go on here , lowry , but do not think you can intimidate we with you friend and relative in high place ! now shape up ! he dump the papers and folder onto SAM 's desk and storm off with he entourage , leave a gleeful lime in the doorway . SAM ( grab lime as he start to slip away ) lime , I need to use you computer lime sorry , a bit busy at the moment . ( he indicate Sam 's smother desk ) you seem to have quite a lot to do yourself . ( he disappear into he office ) 112a int . 30 th floor corridor day 112a SAM rush out of he office after lime . but , lime have lock he door . SAM bang on the door . SAM shit ! 112 b int . sam' office day112b SAM storm back into he office . reaching a peak of frustration , he stuff all he paperwork into the pneumatic tube and send it off into oblivion . within second it return . SAM send it off a second time . it do not return a second time , periodically something pass through the tube cause they to move . SAM 's pneumatic tube continue to pulsate , pressure building up . at this point SAM 's desk begin , as before , to creep through the wall . he grab it violently . he pull it . there be a scream from the other side of the wall . SAM smile . th pneumatic tube give a final convulsion and then there appear to be a muffle explosion outside SAM 's office door . it shake the whole building . SAM go to he door and open it . 113 int . sam' corridor continuation 113 every door in the corridor have be open by the occupant of the room . all the occupant stick they head into the corridor , all gaze with SAM at the variously coloured blizzard of paper which have errupt through the whole length of the corridor ceiling , from which protrude the intestine of the pneumatic system . 114 int . jack office corridor & information evening114 retrieval corridor it be the end of the work day . jack be leave for home . he be put on he executive - style bullet - proof vest and pack he " secret connection " briefcase . as the scene progress SAM and jack proceed out of the door and down he corridor , pass other i.r. official . SAM be dishevel and cause acute sartorial embarrassment to jack to be try to distance himself from he . SAM come off it , Jack ! of course you can check to see if she 's be arrest . jack I be sorry , Sam , I be afraid this whole case have become much more complicated since last we talk . SAM ( exasperate ) she 's innocent , Jack --- she 's do nothing wrong . jack tell that to the wife of the Security man she blow up this afternoon . listen , we have also have a report just in from Central service that tuttle have wreck a entire flat and sabotage adjacent Central service system - as a matter of fact , in you block . I would keep my eye open if I be you , Sam . bye . SAM ( catch up with Jack ) you do not really think tuttle and the girl be in league ? jack I do . goodbye. ( step into lift ) 115 int . lift evening 115 SAM it could all be coincidental . jack there be no coincidence , Sam . everything 's connect , all along the line . Cause and effect . that 's the beauty of it . we job be to trace the connection and reveal they . ( whisper ) this whole buttle / tuttle confusion be obviously plan from the inside . bye bye . 116 int . information retrieval lobby evening 116 jack and SAM have just emerge from the lift . the lift door close . SAM agitatedly speak . SAM Jack , she 's innocent ! jack Sam - we have always be close , have not we ? SAM ( eagerly ) yes we have , Jack ! jack well , could you stay away from I until this thing blow over . 117 ext . ministry of information retrieval night 117 build SAM be leave the Ministry of information retrieval . the light in the foyer be blaze behind he , the street lamp be light . he be exhaust and depressed and anxious about the safety and whereabouts of Jill . he begin to retrace they first journey together , down the Ministry front step and around the corner to where Jill 's truck be park . 117a ext . just around the corner night 117a SAM stand in the passageway where jill 's lorry be first park . the only hint of its once-upon-a- time presence be a small splodge of oil by the kerb . SAM stand lose and beat under a street light . he slump down to the pavement unsure he next move . the street light be reflect in the pool of oil . as he stare at the reflect light it expands and become a patch of blue cloud-filled sky . SAM turn to look at the actual street light . it have become a crack of blaze light come through the inner wall of the great stone ship . 117 b int . stone shipanti -day117b dream girl voice I be here Sam . do not give up . SAM be push through the grey prisoner . the light from the crack shaft across the space in which they find themselves imprison , strike the opposite wall . there in the bright pool of light be SAM 's wing - beautiful , shimmer silver ... but , nail to a large stone cruciform - like a crucify eagle . SAM rush towards they and begin to pull they loose , but before he can , a great crack noise reverberate through the ship and a black shadow fall across SAM and the wing . look round he saee the inner wall have split open to the level of the floor - but , block the open be the giant samurai warrior . SAM draw he sword and rush toward the giant . the giant stand ominously still . then very slowly he raise he spear in front of himself in a almost religious gesture . poof ! he vanish ! SAM be confuse . suddenly a prisoner shout a warning and SAM spin round just in time to avoid a slash of the spear by the gigantic warrior who be now stand directly behind he . SAM parry a couple more thrust of the spear and then strike with he sword . at thin air ! the giant have vanish again . SAM can not figure it out . but he hear something whoosh and instinctively dodge as the giant who be once again behind he bring the spear crash down . again SAM manage a few parry as he be force backwards . he trip and fall to the ground . the spear go into the ground . before the giant can wrench the spear loose , SAM slashes at he with he sword . but again the giant disappear . SAM spin around . the giant be a short distance from he . SAM rush he . again he vanish . this time he reappear next to the spear and try to free it . but SAM attack again and the giant be force to do he vanish act before he can recover the spear . SAM be become exasperate with he behaviour , and as the giant reappear he shout at he to hold still , at the same time throw he sword at the big fellow . the sword pin the giant 's foot to the ground before he can disappear . instead of blood pour from the wound , fire issue forth . SAM take advantage of the situation and manage to wrench the spear from the ground . the giant be unable to escape as SAM charge , but manage to dodge a bit . however the spear catch he arm and open a gash . again fire pour out . as the big guy try to stop the fire , SAM charge again . this time he succeed in strike dead centre . the giant gasp as fire gush from he chest . he stagger and crash to the ground . the wound continue to bleed fire . SAM get he breath back and approach the fall warrior . reaching down he remove the giant 's mask . Fire rush forth from all the facial orifice . but the thing that make he catch he breath be the face itself . it 's he ... SAM 's ! while he stare in amazement the fire begin to melt the face . in a moment it be unrecognizable . SAM stand there stunne . somewhere in the distance a bell toll . 118 ext . just around the corner night 118 SAM 's face be reflect in the puddle of oil . he be stare wide - eye . a church bell toll in the distance . SAM be definitely spook . he scramble to he foot . he 's get to get out of here . he head off down the passageway but be bring quickly to a halt . there , in the shadow , be someone smoking a cigarette . he hesitates and reverse direction but , before he manage 2 pace a familiar voice come from behind he . jill you be late . SAM spin around . stepping out from the shadow be jill - cigarette in she mouth . SAM ( stunne ) Jill ! what be you do ... I mean ... how do you ... be you alright ? jill yes . SAM what happen to you after ... jill you face ... be you hurt ? SAM no. no. I be fine . I be worried sick about you ... I think ... a patrol car approach . quickly SAM grab jill and go into a kiss to explain they presence . the car hesitates for a moment and drive on . jill ( through kiss ) they be go . SAM ( through kiss ) be you sure ? jill ( through kiss ) yes . they resume passionate kiss . after a moment SAM ( urgently ) c'mon , we have get to get you off the street . they head off clutching one another . 119 int . sam' corridor night 119 the elysian field train arrive clatter . SAM and jill be the only passenger to emerge . they can not keep they hand off one another . this be young love at its freshest and most exciting . SAM look up and down the platform cautiously but there be no - one in sight as the train clatter off again into the darkness . SAM and jill approach SAM 's front door . he put a key in the door and try to open the door but have some difficulty . something creak . he give the door a heavy shove and the door open and a shower of white powdery ice fall on he head .. 120 int . sam' flat night 120 SAM enter , follow by jill . his breath immediately start come out of he mouth like cloud of steam . the flat look as though it have be disembowelle and then deep freeze . icicles be hang down from everywhere . the flat look like a scrap dump . every wall have spill out its disgusting steel and rubber entrail , fill most of the available space and make progress through the flat difficult . half a dozen men be at work . they be impossible to identify because they wear arctic clothing and look more like spacemen . they voice however belong to spoor and dowser . SAM for God 's sake , what 's happen ? spoor thermostat 's go . and then some . dowser ... and then some . SAM what have you do to my flat ? spoor sign here , please . dowser ... ere please . spoor offer a clipboard and pencil . he bang the clipboard against the furniture to knock the ice off it . SAM what be it ? spoor it 's a 27b / 6 of course . dowser ... B / 6 of course . jill ( to dowser ) do you repeat every ? dowser ( nod ) ... everything . spoor ( indicate the mess ) this be what you get when you have cowboy round yer duct . dowser ... yer duct . spoor I think you have get you t41 crystal inductor wire up to a reverse bobbin- thread - solenoid -control . it 's either that or a new washer . dowser ... new washer . spoor sign the form so we can get to it . dowser ... get to it . SAM grab the clipboard and smashes it over spoor 's head . the board be so cold that it snap in two . the paper on it also snap in two . 121 int . sam' corridor night 121 SAM pull jill out into the corridor . jill do not you like party ? SAM c'mon . we have get to get out of here . as SAM and jill begin to move down the corridor they see a cigarette glow brightly in a dark recess . jill ( see cigarette light ) too late ! they ere about to run when tuttle step out of the shadow . tuttle I will fix the damage when they have go . I will be ready for you tomorrow . 122 int . mother' corridor night 122 a venerable porter carry a single key on a large ring be precede SAM and jill along the corridor which we have see before . the porter 's name be matthews . SAM my mother say it would be all right . matthews she do not say anything about it to I . SAM well , she 's my mother , not yours . matthews I will not be hold responsible . SAM how long will she he away ? matthews ( darkly ) there be some who go to Dr. jaffe 's clinic who never come back at all . matthews unlock mother 's door . matthews ( to Jill ) you be not a professional , be you ? jill no , amateur . SAM ( firmly ) thank you , matthews . with which he usher jill through the door and close the door in matthews ' face . 123 int . mother' flat night 123 SAM make yourself at home . do not answer the phone or open he door to anyone . I will not be long . jill where be you go ? SAM I be go to pull some string . it 's we only hope . jill do not do anything silly . SAM thanks for the vote of confidence . jill take care . SAM go . 124 int . information retrieval foyer night 124 SAM arrive at the Ministry of information retrieval reception it 's late . group of cleaners be operate clean machinery . SAM approach the desk porter who be play with the executive toy SAM give he . SAM Excuse I , Dawson , can you put I through to Mr helpmann 's office ? porter I be afraid I can not , sir . you have to go through the proper channel . SAM and you can not tell I what the proper channel be , because that 's classified information ? porter I be glad to see the Ministry 's continue its tradition of recruiting the brightest and best , sir . SAM thank you , Dawson . SAM cross the foyer , check to see that Dawson be no longer watch he engross as he be with the executive toy , and slip past the lift which , at that moment , disgorge a leg-bandage , be-crutch lime who hobble across the lobby without see SAM , who slip down the stair which he know lead to helpmann 's private lift . 125 int . basement night 125 SAM creep along the corridor to the lift door - avoid a group of security men who be sing carol in close harmony . one guard be conduct and give instruction . they be all incredibly big and brutal look . choir master ( stop they ) no , no , no , Arthur , you be go flat on that G . it 's you breathe . take a breath on the end . of the previous line , after Noel . right , one , two , three . the choir begin sing again . SAM reach the lift and look at the small panel of letter set into the wall . close up of SAM 's face concentrate . he hear , we hear , a reprise of mr helpmann talk to SAM in mother 's bathroom . helpmann ( v/o ) of course , jeremiah be senior to I , but we be close friend , and I keep he name alive at the office every day . it 's as though he 's there speak to I . " 'ere I be , j.h . " SAM be already type the letter ereiamjh into the keyboard . the lift judder and star 's to ascend . 126 int . mr helpmann' office night 126 SAM step out of lift into a ante-room . no - one be there . tentatively he knock on the connect door into the office . no reply . he slowly open door . SAM Mr helpmann ? be you there ? hello ? the office be empty . SAM look around - not sure what he want to do . he notice he mother 's picture on helpmann 's desk . he be just about to leave when he eye be catch by a elaborate computer console in a side room . it occasionally chatter away . Paper print-out fill a large bin . hesitantly SAM approach it . look around to make sure the room be still empty he punch the on key and the machine light up . he cautiously push a couple more key . the teleprinter machine have pause but one start chatter now . he look at the one which be busy . a close up show we the message come through : total - total - total - car 15 request feedback status on subject benjamin GEORGE trollope - vagrant - detained terrorist / suspect / associate . this be follow by a code number . the teleprinter fall silent . SAM return to the keyboard and switch it off . he turn to leave . the teleprinter start chatter again . SAM stop and go back to it and look at the page again . a close up show we : update - subject trollope deceased - cause of death gunshot resisting arrest . please delete from special category . the computer spool revolve back and forth for two or three second and then stop . SAM ponder this for a moment and then head back to the keyboard and swtiches on the machine . he have he answer . 127 int . mother' flat night 127 SAM enter the flat . jill be nowhere to be see . the light be out but , from the partially open bedroom door beam a shaft of bright light . Music pour forth ... it be " brazil " . SAM ( cautiously ) Jill ? get no answer he go to the door and peer through . there be jill but , transformed . she be wear one of SAM 's mother 's wig which billow in the air blow by a fan . she be also wear a diaphanous nightdress borrow from the extensive wardrobe and be dance slowly . she look like the dream girl . SAM stand open-mouthed . jill notice he and smile . jill what do you think ? ... be it I ? SAM ( still stunne ) you do not exist any more . I have kill you . Jill layton be dead . he hold out a print-out . she read it and slowly look up . jill Care for a bit of necrophilia ? they rush together . 128 int . stone ship anti -day 128 the screen be fill with brilliant white cloud rush about a beautiful blue sky . they course this way and that . pull back we reveal that this patch of sky be inside a mammoth glass - like cube hold aloft by four stone column . the absolutely amazing scale of this cube be reveal as SAM sweep up into shot - he wing gleam in the light . he be a tiny speck but , overjoy - he have find the day . far below he the grey prisoner gather beam with happiness . dive back to the ground - SAM unsheath he sword and hold it aloft rush to the base of one of the great column . the force of darkness who have be lurking in the shadow slink back . SAM , with one mighty swing , strike the column - the noise reverberate as crack begin to race up and through the column . it be disintegrate . as it crumble the mammoth cube begin to topple . everyone step back . down it plummet . and smashes into a million piece . the bright blue sky escape in all direction . the grey prisoner ' iron collar and chain fall from they neck as they stand , surround by a beautiful blue sky . they look up to the sun . SAM be exultant . 129 int . mother' bedroom dawn 129 pull back from the sun through a window . the light fall on SAM 's smile sleep face . showly he wake . he little by little remember where he be and reach over for jill . she be not there . Sam panic . jill merry Xmas . she be sit at the foot of the bed grin at he . she crawl over to he - they start to embrace . SAM everything be go to be all right . but crash !!! it 's a raid ! like a giant drill a whirling cylinder have plunge through the ornate mould ceiling of mother 's bedroom , and we now see what make the neat hole in the buttle ceiling ... cut show door be burst open by security troops . jill and SAM be freeze in panic . security troops be slide down a fireman 's pole " from the hole in the ceiling . SAM ( shout ) she 's dead . check the list ! but it be SAM they have come for . he be be drag out of the bed . guard ( as they struggle with he ) you turncoat bastard ! juda !! traitor !! a canvas bag be plunge over he head . all go black . SAM ( muffle ) jill !!! a shot ring out . jill scream . it echoe through the blackness . 130 int . processing area 130 in absolute inky darkness , SAM and the camera move through space and time mark only by voice and sound encounter on the way . this sound - sequence fade in and out a few time , indicate that the journey be longer than the real - time period of the black - out sequence . we hear : footstep of SAM and guard . distant howl of pain . muzak . Iron gate . footstep again . lift door open and close . muzak . type pool . female voice a wonderful gift , I change it at the chemist for some antibiotic and bathroom scale and there 's enough leave on the voucher for a tonsilectomy if I want to treat myself ... Office door open and close . guard voice Christmas parcel for you , sir ... sign here please ... what look like a rectangular hatch in the blackness open . it be the eyeslit on the front of SAM 's bag be open by a security guard . the security guard peer in for a moment and then step back to reveal two smart official sit at a desk . they be look up at SAM / we . official a 93/hk /608 , you be charge with the follow : pass confidential document to unauthorize personnel - viz ir dossier / gillian layton . destroy government property - viz a indeterminate number of personnel carrier . take possession under false pretence of say personnel carrier . forge the signature of the head of record , third Department . attempt to misdirect Ministry fund , in the form of a cheque to A. buttle , through unauthorize channel . tamper with Central service supply duct . employ unqualified suspect person for this purpose . attempt to conceal a fugitive from justice . obstruct the force of law and order in the exercise of they duty . give aid and comfort to the enemy of society . bring into disrepute the good name of the government , and the stand within the community of the Department of information retrieval . attempt to disrupt the Ministry of information retrieval 's internal communicate system . wasting Ministry time and paper . official B we would advise you that a plea of guilty will save you and the tax payer money , and will always be look upon more favourably than a plea of not guilty . all you be request to do at this stage be to sign this form . official B wave a sheet of paper . we hear SAM 's voice . SAM where 's Jill ? official a not interested ? SAM what have you do with Jill ? official a right . next ! the security guard appear briefly and zip up the hood again plunging we back into darkness . we get more muffle shout , heavy breathe and subterranean son et lumiere . another security guard open the flap on SAM 's hood . we see another two official . SAM ( more hysterical ) where 's Jill ? what 's happen to Jill ? official C 93/ hks /608 , you have get quite a list of misdemeanour here , have not you ? all this be go to take time and money , and I be afraid , accord to you bank statement and credit rating here , you be likely to be in deep financial trouble by the end of it . now , either you plead guilty to say , seven or eight of this charge , which will bring the cost down to within you reach , or you can borrow a sum to be negotiate , from we , at very competitive rate . we can offer you something at say , eleven and a half per cent , over thirty year . but you will have to buy insurance to qualify for he scheme . official D all you have to do be to agree to sign the appropriate box on this form . yes or no ? SAM I be not guilty ! not guilty you stupid bastar ... the guard close the flap . once again darkness and confusion . until another security guard open the flap again to reveal another two official . official E ( examine form ) now , since you have elect to plead not guilty on all this charge , you would be well advise to take some sort of insurance cover . preferably comprehensive , or if you would prefer , something more specific - say , against electrical charge over f70.00 . and for food and accommodation cost of say , £ 800.00 . detention can be a very expensive business . official F now , before we bore you with the small print perhaps you would like to tell we whether you would like to sign this insurance acceptance form or not . think carefully before you decide . think ahead in financial matter be always the wise course . the flap be close and open again very quickly - new official be reveal . this process repeat again and again - get faster and faster . the official ' face seem to become a change blur . they voice overlap in a grow cacophony . the desk and the other item in the room remain static . to add to this disturbing effect the force of darkness begin to gather in the room behind the official . as they increase in number they begin to press forward unseen by the official . soon they fill the view through the flap . official we be here to save you and the tax payer money . official would you like to pay the premium for a single room with a shower and a soft bed ? official for a small charge we can keep visit from friend and relative down to to a minimum . official plead guilty , it 's easier , quick , and cheaper for everyone . official we be do a survey ... aim at provide a better service . official do you think the present system be A. efficient , B. inefficient ? official as a taxpayer be you A. impressed , B. unimpress 131 int . stone ship timeless 131 CUT to SAM struggle with the force of darkness . he be overwhelm by the black horde . they fill the screen . SAM disappear under they onslaught . a pause . then SAM be raise , spread -eagle , above the black sea of the force . strong hand hold he . the maniacal laughter start up . SAM be turn in its direction . CUT to a shot over the top of the mass of robe figure . rising from the ruin of the stone column , the black cloth thing flap menacingly towards camera . we can see the tower filing cabinet skyscraper of the storeroom of knowledge in the background . SAM look terrify . as the thing hover above SAM in all its huge twist awfulness , it slowly begine to unfold like some deadly flower bloom in stop motion . SAM freeze as the interior become invisible . there in the billow blackness be the girl . she be beckone . girl Sam . but the voice be no longer the mysterious feminine voice of before - it be the voice of the maniacal laughter . SAM struggle with the restrain hand . he twist and turn , but to no avail . from the darkness above he descend the jolly gent look just like mr helpmann ) on he window washer 's platform . however he be now dress as Father Christmas . gent Sam , what be we go to do with you ? girl ha ha ha ha ha . 132 int . cell day / night 132 the filing cabinet of the storeroom of knowledge dissolve square of pad that form the wall of a cell . the laughter echoe round the cell . SAM see that mr helpmann , in he wheelchair be watch he . he be dress as Father Christmas . they be alone in the cell . SAM scrunches up into the corner . helpmann Sam , what be we go to do with you ? can you hear I , Sam ? SAM ( in a hoarse urgent whisper ) where 's Jill ? what have you do to she ? where be she ?! helpmann gillian layton ? SAM yes , you have get to get I out of here . I have get to find she . helpmann I understand , Sam , I know exactly how you feel . so I bring you a bottle of barley water . helpmann hold up a bottle of barley water . SAM ( desperately ) help I ! helpmann I assure you , Sam , I be do everything within my power . but the rule of the game be laid down , and we all have to play by they - even I . SAM this be all a mistake ! do not you understand ?! helpmann yes , well , from the Department 's point of view you be certainly a bit of a own goal , but ... SAM I be not a terrorist ! you must know that ! I be not guilty ! get I out of here ! helpmann Sam , if you have be go out there and play a straight bat , all the way down the line , you have get absolutely nothing to worry about . SAM please , I have get to find Jill . helpmann Sam , I think I ought to tell you ... I be afraid she 's upped stump and retire to the pavilion . SAM look blank . thrown in the towel . SAM ( take a moment to work this out ) Dead ? helpmann nod . helpmann yes , it 's all a bit confusing but , it seem she be kill resisting arrest . SAM ( relieved ) no , no ... I do that ... helpmann look surprised . SAM shut up . helpmann the odd thing be it appear to have happen twice ... a bit of a dispute call , I be afraid . SAM have go catatonic . helpmann ( start to go ) so , there you be . all I can say be , do not fall at the last fence . the finish post 's in sight . see you in the paddock . good luck . keep you eye on the ball . get to go .... can not keep the orphan wait . helpmann go . a guard help he out and then return with another to help put the restrain bag over SAM . guard do not fight it , son .... confess quickly ... before they get into the expensive procedure . if you hold out too long you could jeopardise you credit rating . the bag black everything out . 133 int . information retrieval room 133 the bag come off . SAM find himself strapped into a information retrieval chair . the camera track back frighteningly fast revealing that he chair stand in a unbelievably vast room . the wall curve up and out of sight . the floor do not seem to be a floor at all - strange light undulate beneath . the whole effect be one of total disorientation and overwhelming size . SAM be desperately try to take it in . next to the chair be a porcelain tray of evil and frighteningly ambiguous instrument . worrysome electrical connection and meter be near at hand . as the guard leave SAM to take up they position near the distant door they hand over document to the white - coat information retrieval officer . guard 11/aft/607 , sir . they all sign the document which the i.r. officer retain after give carbon copy to the guard . the guard then proceed to the door and take up position on either side of it . the i.r. officer head toward SAM . we can now see he wear a mask . it be the face of the force of darkness . a smile baby doll face . SAM sit , mesmerize , watch he approach . within fifteen or twenty yard of SAM the i.r. officer come to a abrupt halt . he seem to sway . after a moment he turn slightly , hesitantly , give the impression that he may return to the door . he look at the guard , pause , straighten himself up , take a deep breath and continue again towards SAM , rather more briskly than before . SAM watch , terrify and fascinate . the i.r. officer go to the table which be cover with evil- look surgical - type instrument - he blunder clumsily into it , knock a couple of they onto the floor . he pick then up quickly and replace they . SAM Jack ? the i.r. officer react to this as if he 's be hit in the solar plexus , and he try to disguise it by simulate a cough fit . he then pick up a nasty look implement and advance on SAM . SAM Jack ?... Jack ? jack ( hysterically from behind mask ) shut up ! SAM Jack , I be innocent ! help I . jack bastard !!! SAM this be all a mistake . Jack , please take that mask off . jack be very close to SAM , he be shaking . he lift up he mask to reveal sweaty face , contort with fear and anger . jack you stupid bastard ! SAM what ? jack how could you do this to I ? SAM help I , Jack ! I be frighten ! jack how do you think I feel ? you shit ! SAM Jack ... jack ( pull down mask ) shut up ! this be a professional relationship ! jack come at SAM with the horrifying implement . SAM jack !! ... you can not ... no , do not ! SAM 's eye widen in terror . from he Pov we look up at jack approach . the ceiling above and behind jack be suddenly and . loudly penetrate by the ceil hole Machine , and in a instant without benefit of " fireman 's pole " , the commando- like figure of mr tuttle gun in hand , leap through the hole . tuttle be immediately follow by similar look men with balaclavas , guerilla - type clothing , and very efficient gun . jack be cut down . so be the two guard who have open the door from the corridor and be shoot into the room . tuttle rap out into a walkie-talkie tuttle detonate ! from somewhere near at hand there be a large explosion which rock the room . tuttle be already unstrap SAM . tuttle let 's go ! 134 int . corridor night 134 CUT to rescuer , with SAM in the middle , fight they way in the terrific battle with guard , until they get to a door lead to the stair . 135 int . endless stairways night 135 CUT to rescuer , they member thinning , and SAM , fight down flight after flight of stair with lot of neat - oh violence and blood and , gunshot and ... fall and bleed and - 136 int . information retrieval lobby night 136 CUT to the rescuer fight they way to the entrance . another group of rescuer at the door be provide cover fire the porter sit behind he desk watch the battle on he bank of monitor . 2 nd group Quick ! we have only get thirty second to get clear ! tuttle toss SAM a dark overcoat to cover he light grey detainee outfit . together , the two group burst out through the door into the large empty forecourt . 137 ext . forecourt night 137 the forecourt be suddenly illuminate by huge arc light . Machine gun installation open fire . the rescuer be totally expose . they be cut down leave and right . desperately they battle they way across the open space . time run out . SAM , know the way , lead tuttle towards a shield spot . will they make it ? as the last rescuer be cut down SAM and tuttle dive for cover . kowblammpow ! a massive explosion . then another . and another . security troops catch unprotect be decimate . SAM look up . Christ ! the building be be blow to bit . certain window be light . they spell out merry XMAS . with a final massive haemorrhage the building erupt in a geyser of masonry , steel , paper and dozen of t.v. console and visual aid apparatus include , in large chunks , mr helpmann 's masterpiece . but also ton and ton of paper . every file in the building have burst its seam and eject its load skyward . the night sky be full of white rectangular wisp . ashlike they flutter down over the city . SAM look around and can not see tuttle anywhere . he shout for he . but the remain troops have spot SAM and SAM run . 138 ext . CITY passage night 138 SAM run madly through paper-litter passage 139 ext . shopping precinct night139 elude he pursuer , SAM dive into a crowded , garishly light , shopping centre . once among the protective company of he mindlessly shopping mob , SAM slow down and proceed casually . the shopper go about they program business pay no attention to the paperwork swirl about they . search the crowd , SAM spot tuttle make he way towards he . tuttle be have a bit of trouble walk against the steadily increase wind . as he proceed across a open area a blow piece of paper . catch on he foot . he try shaking it off . it remain firmly stick . while he be struggle with the piece of paper another , larger piece catch he other leg . he begin to lose he temper try to dislodge the fly debris . another hit he and twist around he arm . still more paper blow against he . he be have difficulty stay upright . twist this way and that he try to free himself , but more and more paper cover he . he be practically obscure from view . SAM can not believe what he be see . shopper continue about they business , apparently unaware of tuttle's terrible plight . apart from one shopper who lose control of she shopping trolley - and watch it career down the step of the shopping precinct . by now tuttle be totally encase in this cocoon of litter . he be now just a ball of paper writhe about on the ground . SAM have to do something . he rush out from he hide place and try to pull the litter off tuttle . the piece come loose with surprising ease . the wind carry they away as SAM frantically tear at the pile . but there be no sign of tuttle . nothing . the last few piece of paper flutter away leave SAM stand there with a couple of poster in he hand . he realise that he be suddenly very visible . all the shopping bustle have stop . they be all stare at he . SAM spot troops shoulder they way towards he . he turn tail and dash off . 140 int . mother' flat night 140 the draw room door burst open as SAM dash in . SAM go straight through and into the bedroom . the room be empty of all terrestrial human life form . a hollow wind blow the curtain . 141 int . mother' bedroom night 141 the room be in chaos ( and there be a hole in the ceiling ) . SAM turn and see a silhouette in the doorway . he rush forward . 142 int . mother' front door night 142 but it 's matthews the porter who be at the door watch SAM run towards he . matthews ( piously ) a sad loss . you mother be with she at the end . the doctor say there be no pain . SAM grab matthews round the neck and shake he . SAM where be she ? 143 ext a corner night 143 SAM come run around corner . he be suddenly bath in a strange blue light . he halt and look up . there opposite he be a large blue neon cross above the entrance to a chapel of dully modernistic design . Holy music from a electric organ can be hear . SAM rush up the stop and through the door . 144 int . chapel of our lady of the check -out counter night 144 CUT to SAM slip into the chapel ( in tight spot ) and suddenly be confront by spiro the maitre D . spiro ah , yes , Mr lowry . it 's so good you could make it . right this way . SAM , dumbfounded , follow . CUT to SAM be lead into the middle of the cold , modern chapel which , possibly for the occasion , have be tarte up with some red velvet curtain that help make it a bit theatrical . a large flower - smother coffin rest on some sort of raise stand in front of the altar , a vicar stand in the pulpit , and a fair sprinkle of people sit in step seat on three side of the room . the coffin be close , but a length of bandage have escape the lid . stand amidst the floral tribute be a large , rather idealize , colour portrait of mrs terrain look not so much young as beautiful . among the mourner be drs jaffe and chapman and other in they operate gowns . to enlarge on the scene , we see shirley T snuffling in she hanky and a few other chat amongst themselves , the vicar stand in he pulpit wait to get on with it , etc . CUT to SAM try to take all this in , stop in the middle of the room . do not forget dr chapman sobbing . spiro ( stop and look back at Sam ) Mrs lowry ? Mrs lowry be ... in the background the vicar begin speak , and we hear he voice throughout the follow action . CUT to sam' Pov .... vicar ( in background ) at this time of give and receive let 's remember the great gift of all : not a gift to be spurn , not a gift to be open and carelessly set on one side , not a gift to be take back and change , but the gift of eternal life . Mrs terrain have just receive that most wonderful of all gift . she come to we physically new , she go hence from we not so physically new . but the spirit never grow old . and in the domain of the eternal giver , Mrs terrain shall dwell in bountiful joy forever . ..... ( CUT to SAM 's Pov ) ... past spiro to a section in the bleacher directly across from the coffin and the vicar where a woman ( she back to SAM ) be surround by a buzzing flock of very handsome and well - dress young men . SAM ( try to take in scene ) what ? ... oh ... ( start to follow spiro ) spiro ( come up to back of woman ) madam ... CUT to woman turn , half in flirtatious conversation . it be SAM 's mother , but miraculously another twenty year young and ... a parody of SAM 's dream girl . mother Sam !!! ( uncertainty in she expression ) SAM ( stare dumbly , not know what to say ) mother ? ... what ... what 's ... you have get to help I ... mother ( embarrassed , unsure ) not now ... please young gallant ( belligerently ) ida , be this fellow bother you ? ( get up ) I will - but before we can find out what he will : sfx : terrific crash . CUT to entrance to Chapel as a squad of troops come crash in . people begin to scatter , scream . the troops spot SAM who dash away from he mother and head for a door behind the altar . in he panic he crash against the coffin which topple over spilling its content ... a hundredweight of offal . SAM cover he mouth and dash through the door . 145 ext . maze - like dark passage night 145 CUT to SAM , really dash madly , trip over thing , hurt himself , get up run . he be in a maze of machinery . every way he turn he path seem block by either troops or figure from he dream . the wall of the maze become more simplify as he go deeper into it . more rectangular , higher . we see a top shot of the maze with SAM separate from the pursue force but they be close in on he from all side . the maze extend as far as we can see . SAM turn leave and right through it , always there be a chance of turning . until ... he round a corner and for the first time there be nowhere to go . the maze lead straight ahead to a dead end . at the end of the maze be a great pile of detritus from the consumer society . television , wash machine , hair dryer , junk . SAM can do nothing but try to dig through this pile . maybe he can defend himself with something here . he scrabble away . look back he see the mass agent , troops , force of darkness head toward he . no escape . he dig , harder , faster . junk fly everywhere . he actually reach the end wall . back to it , he turn to face the foe . but as he move against the wall he hand touch something . a door knob . he turn . it 's a door . the knob turn easily . the door swing open . SAM dive through it . 146 int . habitation unit night 146 SAM find himself in a strange little house empty of furniture except a few fitte cupboard and a fitte bed frame . he try to lock the door behind he but there be no key . he put he weight against the door to keep it shut . from outside there be the general noise of pursuit but this fade and resolve itself into a fairly quiet uniform engine - sound . SAM let go of the door carefully . he look around but there be only one window and it be shutter . he carefully open the door a crack and he see - sam' Pov : a rapidly recede street . 147 ext . CITY night 147 jill 's truck , with the house on its back , be drive dangerously through he street . it lurch round the corner . 148 int . habitation unit night 148 - the lurch throw SAM to one side . he pick himself up , and , fight the centrifugal force , work he way to the shutter window which be at the front end of the house , in the wall opposite the door . SAM undoe the shutter and find himself look at the rear window of jill 's cab . he see the back of the driver 's head . the driver be wear jill 's cap . he see the back of the driver 's cab . he bang on the glass of the cab . the driver raise she head so that the face be visible to SAM in the drive mirror . he see that it be jill , in a flat cap . she smile at he . SAM sob with relief and love . 149 ext . the road night 149 the lorry , travel slowly now , approach then breast the rise beyond which lie ... look more than ever ... jill valley . we zoom towards it through a mix ... 150 int . travelling lorry night 150 through the windscreen we see the dawn come up ahead . the reverse shot show we jill drive and SAM next to she . they glance at each other . 151 ext . SMALL road early morning 151 the lorry , travel slowly now , approach and then breast the rise beyond which lie ... a stunningly beautiful untouched valley . we zoom towards it through a mix ... 152 ext . beautiful valley day 152 half hide in the heart of the valley be the truck with the house on its back . creeper and wild rose have grow up over the truck and some of the house . a curl of smoke rise from a makeshift chimney which have be attach to one of the wall . a small piece of ground around the truck have be clear and make into a pretty garden with a vegetable plat . there be also a pretty cow , and some chicken . jill appear lock like crusoe carry a basket of egg . 153 int . house morning 153 SAM be in the bed , just waking up . he open he eye , lock calm . off screen we hear the door open . jill ( off screen ) Morning . sleep well ? SAM nod he head slightly , on the pillow . SAM ( quietly ) I do not dream anymore . ( he embrace she ) 154 ext . house and garden morning 154 a high shot . everything in the garden be definitely lovely . the music tell we . the music swell and the camera slowly pull back , and back . it 's a happy end . and then , in the foreground , two huge head appear look straight at the camera . it be mr helpmann and jack . they both shake they head . mr helpmann he 's get away from we , Jack . CUT to they Pov . 155 int . information retrieval room day 155 Sam be sit in the ir chair . he be strapped in . his eye be open but mile away . his face be wreathe in a benign and very happy smile . jack I be afraid you be right , Mr. helpmann . he 's go . a wide shot of the room show we helpmann and lint turn away and leave . SAM be leave alone . he be hum .. the camera pull back and back . the information retrieval room with SAM in it float away into the most beautiful glorious sky ever . SAM 's hum into a full orchestra , and we hear ...... " Brazil , where heart be entertained in June , we stand beneath a amber moon , and softly murmured ' some day soon ' we kiss and clung together , then , tomorrow be another day . the morning find I mile away , with still a million thing to say , now , when twilight beam the sky above , recalling thrill of we love , there 's one thing I be certain of , return , I will , to old Brazil . " the end