SF &s 13h eresrpast at tisfany 's er2 . pift aves0 = - ( Dan ) trere be a magic about fite Avenue at he hovm . a emptiness , a auiet . a monen of limbo as the street lamp fade in the face of the purple omrush of daw , presently , on this morning in ea>it septerd 7 , & lone waxi -cad speed up the Avenue . it slow gown briefly as it pass the international Building with iss mant gine line window , then pick up speed again and continue on to the corner of s7th Street where i+ cull to the com > and stop , eat . fipte avetue and ST te steme7 . ( dawi ) — ss the the cad door open end a girl get out . she wear a backless evening dregs anc . carry , in addition to she purse , a brown taper bag . the angle of tes camera be such that we see only she slin , straish back . she pay the driver and the cab pull away . as she stand there , alone on the enoty sidewelx , the stree lexp gc on . she notice this and wave a small geocmich : tc the lamp om the corner , from she paper baz she take 2 container of coffee end . a siec cf darish pastrr . the camera follows eer as she move from the curb toward che impose store , om the commer , now we can see shat it be Tiffany 's . as the irl sip she coffee anc mumch vastrr , superimpose the word : ereaapast at tiffant be and begin main sitle . under the title she camera stais on the gtst as she , still munchine and swallow , gaze with deep absorption int Tiffany 's window . although we ssili see she only from the dack we catch be cecesional giimse of she '' ace reflect among the jewel in the slass . she take she ' time and she camera trucis uite se= as she move slowl > from window to window . finally , she breazsass pinish , she replace the empty coffee container in she ses emumle ic ané toss be with great accrrasy into a trash can . <t be grow lishter , '' 4 few Day people ar beginning ss appear , ther case cetous siance as sh girl in she backless evening dress , she ignore then , eer euptous titual mow success#ally complete , she seke 2 peir of stmglasses frem she surse , puss they on and the moras off , 2 sitory cirt walling fast ard 's + ie merch eine ? amneetoe p2ighvy ercesin era exe . side steset , east Zorg . ( dawn ) ms ast 50 be a tree-line residential dlock of convert brownstone between lexington and thind , . the girl ( moving toward tee camera for the first time ) walk oriskly up the block im she low cut evening dress . we get a lock at she now for the first tine . for all she chic . ' hinness she have a almost drealktastecereal aim of realth . her mouth be large , she nose upturme . Zer stm=glasses blot ont hex eye . she could be anywhere from sixteen to thirty . as it hasven she be two month short of nineteen . fer name ( as we will soon giscover ) be holly golicemy . ext . srownstone - ( daw ) eolly avproach she brownstone . park in front of it_is a large , black , chaufleur - drive cadiliac , folly notice it and quicken she pace , up the step and into the vestibule of the building . as she do so the reer door of ' she cadillac open and 2 sentleman , mr . sid arsuce , smerges . =e be short , vast , sun-lampe and pomade , a man in a buttress pinestripe suit with a red carnation wilting in its lapel . Mr. azbuck , move as rapidly as it be possible for biz to move , follow she up she step . . 2y2 . vesiisule - ( daum ) Zolly fumble in she purse for she key tut cemnot fine it . Mr. arbuck come lurching intp the vestibule - behind she . & mr . arsuce hey , beby , whett go on here ? bolly , unable of find she kez , reach cewn and press a sutton at rendom . inse2t - card slo " S — eet taere be space for four card , " tonloshi " ; " spanella " : " miss eell golightly - trevel '' ene the fourth be blank . eollr 's finser hover iadecisivel > for a moment -- then select " Zuntoshi™ and press che dell hard , int . 22 . Woyressrs secsro asa ( consimn be 5 . breaxfast at tiffamvis 3 . ( cont would ) Mr , yuntoshi , the photographer - tenant , be asleep on a day - bed , the barsh sound of the bugzer slassg hin awake , eis irate head come out from under the cover , ee blink in a daze fashion fer a moment then murmur in a soft , anguish voice : mr . yunicsel miss golightiy ... not arcein. , . please ! ee pull the cover back over he head , dim . vestisule - ( daw ! ) Holly , wait for the answer buzzer that will telease the lock , be deal with Mr , azbuck who be more o> less nuzzling she neck , arbuck what happen to you anyway ? you take off for the powder room and that 's the last I see you ... folly now really , earry ... arsuce ezarry be the other guy . I be sie. sid arbuck , you like I , . remember ? eolly reach down and press the button again . snd . mr. yuniosei be spabtment = ( dawn ) the buzzer ring again . and again . with a deep oriental sish , Mr. yunioshi drag himself ? out of ded , go to the door , press the release button , open he door and lean ous into - '' stazewell - ( dawn ) Mr , yunioshi look angrily downward . ur . tuniose : miss golightir ! I must srotest ! 3 . ( comtta ) ( boll 's Calling to mx. yunioshi ) oh , darling , I be sorry ! I lose my key ! 10 . int . mr , yuniosei ( Zorryr angle ) - ( Dawn ) ee ro teys angle ) mr. yuniosei that be two week ago ! you can not go on ringing my bell . you must please , zisase have yourself a key make : il . ' em . e0lly mountrye sze2 - ( dawn ) ~ : Mr. arbuck , butfing and purfing , be right behing she , boliy it will not do any good . I just tose they all ... , mr . yuniosei be voice ( o.s. ) iwork . I have to sleep . but you be always ' ringing my bell ... Mr , yunioshi 's door slam angrily . ezolly have | reach she own door , she send down and take she i doorkey frem under the mat . Mr. arbuck join she , mr . arbuce a now come on , baby , you like I , ~ . ! you know you do . eolly I worship you , Mr , arbuck , but go0cnight , Mo , arouck . mr . arbuce bey now , daby , what be this ? you i dike I . itma like guy . j by this time eolly have open she deor , skil1¢n22 . movee through it , and now close it in he fac Mo , arbuck be oousrage . ee bellow with trust anc pound on the door . a se . + te. be oa mr . arbuce baby ! you imow ro de : k up the check for five 3022-66 ( comsinue ) 12 . ir ( sont would ) nm mr . artuck ( cont would ) people ? you friend ? I never see they before , and when you ask I for a little change for the powder room , what do I give you ? a fifty dollar bail ! : I . yuniosez's door - ( dawn ) eis door open once more and Mr , yuniosni , now really angry , stick he head out again . tyr , eonlyy 's door - ( dawi ) I , yuniosel in thirty . second I be call the police Mr , arouck give up and ansrily plunge down the stair , he slam the vestibule door . Holly 's coor open and she stick she head out , mr . yuniosei tae vice squad ! eolly , on , do not be angry , you dear little man . T will not do at again . and if you promise not to be angry ... I might just les you take that picture we mention ... - mr. yintoset ( Zolly angee ) - ( damn ) ae expression change , ° mr. yuntoshi when ? int . eclly -( daw ) rolly ( vaguely ) some sime . - { dani} i maneteued , oocmoonuec , be 8 . 16 . ( cont would ) 17 . 18 . 1s . 20 . mr . yuniosez ( sadly ) any sime . ee sigh onee more anc close he door . holl ( close she door ) good night ... int . eolly's liveng room = ( dawn ) the live room of a swoeroom apartment . docr to edtechenette and bedroom . the live room have a 'tcamping cut ! look , suitcase anc pack case be the only furnishings . there be 2 lamp on on case , gin and vermoush on mother . a record player amd a stack of record om the floor , a weil of empty book shelf . Holly lock the door and turm inso the room . a large red cat come up and rub against she leg . she bend down to stroke he . ' . holly Belle , cat , thanks for wait up . she go acréss the room into = int , eqtceenette - ( dawn ) and open the refrigerator and peer in . int , dsto the refrigerator ( scliy' Pov ) be contain : 4 container of milk , a dovtle of champagne , some penicillin nose erop anc a pair of ballet slipper . int . eltcesnetis = ( dawn ) bolly take out the ballet slipper , try briefly to remember why they be put there , S up , shrug and put they back . then she cake ouv the container of milk and pour some into a dish which she put cx the floer ef she - él . ying room - ( dawn ) eollz ( to cat ) Breakfast ? the cat meow . zollz okay . come and gst it . the cat cross to the milk . hesitates . look up and meow agein , holly that 's okay . go ahead . I have have mine . really ... the cat begin to lan up the milk , Holly yawn , and start for the bedroom , unzipping the zipper that run most cf the way down the back of she cress as she do so . the dress dross to she floor anc the camera pan with it . she leave the dress where it fall . bolle well , gooénight ... she go off to the bedroom . the cat finish the milk , yawn , eross to the dress . on she flcor . it leek soft and invite . he eurl up in it end prepare to sleep . dissolve to : ext , brownstone - ( daz ) tt be now about ten in the morning . a sab pull up in front of the house end a yowig man , peul varjak , get out . he be about twenty - eight , dark , tough , sensitive and handsome . eis clothes be rumple and he tis be loosen he be about twenty minute away from be badiy in need of a shave . ee look , in fast , like e fowsg max wae have pass the last ven hour or so sit up om a airplane . fis luggese consist of a olivetti portatle typewriter , a card - toard carten sisd with string and a single , mich trevele suitcase , 411 this item be still tickete with airline sag . the driver get out co give rima hand with tee bis gost aon bs svull . ( comtinue ) } be 22 . of breakfast at SE i ( cont would ) tae driver look e+ he somewhat nervously . paul koestler 's ' arrival and deparsure .! ye first sentence , you can tell a lot about a man by he first sentence . stately , plump suck mulligan ' , .. Robert cohn be once middle - weizh ? box champion of princetont ...' call I ishmeel ' ... that kind of thing . you know ? driver you drank or somethings ? paul no. just pretentious . and mayde a ldttle bit scared . the ariver look at he somewhat nervously . . driver that 's four dollar on the clock and a quarter fer the tricze ... peul find he wallet , open it and take out bis bankroll : a five dollar bill . after a briel ceremory of farewell he hand it to the driver . patl thatis okay . Zeep it , now we be start from absolute scratch . which be good in a way . kind of give the whole thing a jazzy , romantic quality . driver it 's not bad enough , a city full of mut already ... but also we get new ome ... fiy in every day ... a whole eair - lift of nut ... Paul laugh , pick up he stuff and start up the step of the brownston . int , vestibule = ( sat ) Paul pute down he sour , take 2 key ouv of bis pocket , it. be sag 34 . ee loox over : no card slot . 25 . 26 . 27 . 28 . 29 . brearpast at tiffany's 9e close sect - card slot camera pan down : * yunioshi , ' a blank , ' viss Zolly golightly ! with the word : ' travel ' engrave in the corner , ' spaneila't . int . vestibule + ( day ) es be amused ty miss golightly 's card , re take oud a piece of paper and a pencil , writas somet ing , sear it to the correct size , then insert it into the empty slot . close shot - card slot bis slot now rsad : paul varjak and in the commer the word ' arrive ' . int , vestibule - ( day ) s¢4ll grin he try kis key in tha door , it do not fis . ammoy , he try the door . it be lock . hs hesitates for a moment ... decide so ting on of the other bell ... glamce at bis watcheee decise ist not too early ... vhen press Holly 's ail . : . ' : int . holly live room - ( daz ) begin on close shot of the cat esleep in Holly 's falian evening area . the buzzer sound . the cat 's nead pep up . Pan to open bedroom door anc move into - . cuT , holly '! S darzened sedroom the blind hear be drewn against the eaylight . the bedroom ( or whet we can sse of 43 ) be unfurnishec in the seme manner as tha live room except for a elaborate double bed . the duzzer sound ea second time and Holly 's heaé eriszsis from the sea of tillow . she have om a sie *p mask anc sar plug . ste mumble a unintellisitle srotast and sink tack , the buzzer es raluctamsiy she sit up anc she sigh amc a bare a= der the ted . the goer arm as it z2 arotmd wider é 43 2 jumgie cl shoe , wmdere tale of clothing . the be ol 2 . 30 . 31 . 32 . $ e2Z-60 srearfast at tifpanz's 10 . ( cont would ) finally settles on somevh that ' urn cut to be a man 's dress shirt . the dress shirt be pull up anc out of the picscure . int . bedroom Holly struggle into the dress shirt , havis herselz - out of bad and make she way into - int , holly live room - ( day ) she cross tha room , kick the evening cvess out of sight in the general interest of neatness . she hes the clicker and opem the door anc peer sleepily out . int , eallway = ( dat ) shoot over Holly 's shoulder we can see Paul come up the stair , he appear to be speak but bis lip move silently . golly strain to hear what he be ' say . it +s not umtii he reach she door shat she catch on and remova she ear plug . his voice cut in sharply in midesentence as she do so , paul . eeomove into apartment 3a , but they only sant I the upstairs key so I could not get the down - stair docr cpen . I hope ft qien 's wake you ... holly quite all right ... could haspen to amyone ... very frequently do esewall , goodricht ... paul look , I hat to ... but Holly have replace the ear plug cut he voice off sharply ence again . eis lip continue to move , she notice and reluctantly take the plug out agein . bolle waat ? paul I say = hate to bother you , but < I wonder if I could ask ome mere ( contin ) 32 . 5-22-60 srearpast be tiffane's : il . * ( cont would ) paul ( cont would ) favor .. eif I could just use you phongee . Holly , now wide awake , sigh . folly sure . wry dovece she epen the cocr and motion he in , he enter , leave nis luggage in the ball . mte , eolly live room - ( dar ) Paul come in follow by Holly . he be , ous of a certain embarrassment , make conversation with more charm and brightness than be absolutely necessary . paul thank you , .. well , nice Little place you have he --... he get a load of the iny litsle placa ! anc bis pemark more cr less peter out . - paul wecth , 728 ..- well ... cou just move in , too ? . eollt no . I have be here about e year . paul on. they both look around at the shamble for a= uncomfortable moment . holl the phone 's right over there . they both look at she spot she have indicate . the phone be not right over there . eolly well , 2 be ...0e , 2s . I remember weed souck 22 in she suitcase ... it jeind of miffle the sounde . = we srearpast ag tiffanz's ll. ( cont ? d ) which she remove and kand he almost triumphantly . ee start for it and en route trip over the cat . paul sorry ! dién 's see he there ... be be. all right ? holl sure .. , sure he be ... Zou be okay , be not you , cat ? poor old cat ... { she pick kim up ) poor slob . foor slob without a neam , the way I look at it , I have no right to give sim one , Paul listen to this with grow fascination . holly I mean , be 12 faust have to wait tl e belome to somebody . we do not belong vo each other . we just tock up ty she river one day . he 's a inderendent and sc be i ... ( indicating room ) I do not evenwant to own anything until I have find a place where I and thing go together . I be not sure where that be . sut I ikmow what it 's like . it 's like tiffarcy 's ... path ( amuse ) you mean the jewelsy store ? solly that 's right . I be crazy ebout tifttany 's ... listen , eu imow that day when you have get the mean red ? paul the mean red ? you mean like the blue ? bolit no , the dine ave because you be get fat or maybe it 's be pain too long , you be sac , shat 's all , sut the mean red be norrisie . sudéenly you be afmatd , but you co not ( comsinue } 5-22-30 13. ( cont would ) holly ( con would ) low what you be afraid of , excspt that something bad be go to bappen , only you do not kmow what it be . you ever get thet feel ? paul sure . holly well , when I ges it , the only thing shat do amy gooé be to jump ina cad and go to Tiffany 's . tb calm I down wight away , the quietness ang the proud look of it . nothing very bad could happen to you thers . not with that icind man in they nice suit , and that lovely smell of silver and alligator wallet ... she suddenly become aware that she bas be rambling holly ( cont would ) I be sorry . you want something . - what be it ? oh , yes . the phone ... she hand {t to bim , he take it ang , start to cial . paul . it 's just that someone be suppose . so meet I here , .. this be ten o'clock a. '' Thursday morning , be not it ? I just fall off a plane frem Rome anc ... . hollz ( a anguish squeal ) Thursday : be this taursce7 ? paul I think so.ee zollt Thursday : ob , mo , 4 % can 's be ! tit coc gruesome ! she gashes wildly into the bedroom . Ze lock a=ser she in some astonishment , then , before '' she matter , someone av the other end ct the prong answer . ° he ¢an puosus 4 3h . 35 . 6-22-66 breakfast at tippant be ( cont would ) paul good morning . at home ? ob. thank you . wo , be me , fabnstock she kas ? TI see , no message . be hang up the phone . he stand hold it for a moment , look for someplace to put it . he finally put it back in the suitease , as he do so , he cail anto the bedroom : path bey , what 's so gruesome about Thursday ? int . bateroom = ( day ) SE camera be seooting over Holly 's bare shoulder , into the mirror as she frantically brushes she tooth . : boliy ( thx the tooth - paste : nothing ! it 's just that I can never remember when it 's come up ..- wednescay | night I generally just do not go to hed at all ... . because I have to be up to catch the ten-forty -five . they be so particular about the visit hour ! int , bedroom - ( day ) Paul stand in the docrway . he stare , somewhat bewilder , as eolly appear in the bathroom door , vaguely hold a bath towel in front of she . eollz would you be a darling and look under the bed and see if you can find a pair of alligator shoe ? paul sure ... somewnat bewilder , but game , he cross to the bed and imeel dewn . '' something abeut sae , way 3 , 29 Z mean & ae a + ( continue ) my 35 . ge22-60 ' ereartast at tiffiny's 15 . ( cont would ) Paul , down on he hand and lmee , react rathe > violently to the word : sing sin . paul sing sing ? Holly dash out cf the bathroom , fetchingly attire in a halfeslip which be pull up to the arm-pit . holit that 's right , ail the visitor make .an effort 70 look they best . it 's only fatr ... 3rown alligator ... she be now tummage through still another unpack suitcase , eolly and if you come across a black brassiere with a break strap and a safety pin , I can use that too ... actually , it 's very touch the way all the woman wear they prettiest thing . Paul have find the black brassiere with the safety pin and the break strap . somewhat astonished to find himself draft into service as a lady ! may , ae nevertheless present it ... , albeit '' trifle timidl : . patl as I understand this - what we be do be get rou ready to visit somebody s* sing sin ? we she back to he , she pulis she half - slip cown to +s normal position and hook herself into the brassiere . . solit that 's right . and mow the shoe ... she be repidly eccing ner face in a mirror that sie on & pack case . faul return to beneath the bec in search of the shoe . she select d { barish pair cf earring anc try they on . she ssudt the effect in the mirror . eclie you can always cell what kind ef a perscn a man really think yeu be ty she '' kind cf earring he give you . ( continue ) i 35 $-22-60 ereakpast at tiffany be 3 é ( cont would ) she study she reflection , grimace , and take off the earring . eolly iomst say , the mind reel ... garter - belt , gerter - belt , garter - belt , garterrbelt ... she have rise and be look wildly around . eolly I think maybe it 's hang in the bathroom ... would you mind ... Paul , hypnotize , set off in search of the miss item . a moment later he reappear with it and hand it to ber . paul May one ask whom ? holtz whom what ? oh , who I go to visit , you mean ? paul I guess that 's wheat I mean . . ' holly : I do not know if I should even discuss it ... but ... well they never tell I not to tell anyone ... only you have get to cross you heart and kiss you elbow ... paul T will try . holl ( pull on stocking ) you probably read about he . eis name be Sally tomatc . paul the gansster ? - holly they never prove it - the only thing they could ever prove be thet he cheat on he income tax a litvle «.. anywey , all I know be , he 's a éarling cid man . ob , he be never my lever cr amych like that . be fact I never imew until after not be in prison . burt I adore bin now . ( contimy ) id 5-22-60 breazfast at any' : 17 . ( cont would ) holzy ( cont would ) I mean I have be go to see he every Thursday for seven month . now to think I 'c go even if he do not pay I ... what about the shoe ? of paul we : I eould only find one ... he pay you ? by this time they be both down on they band and knee , search under the bed for the miss shoe , folly that 's right . or anyway he lawyer do . if he ig a lawyer , which I doubt since he do not seem to have a office , just a answer service and he always want you to meet hin at eamburger Heaven . ( pind she shoe} seethare you be , you snesk ! during she follow , Holly find a scart , which she put over she head to avoid gest make - up on the @rass which Paul assist she into , via the over - the - head route . . holly . anyway , about seven month ago this so-called lawyer - Mr. o'shaughnessy = send I this telegram ask I < 0 meet he at eemburger eeaven . then he ask I how I would like to cheer up a lonely old man apd pick up a hundred a week at . the same cime . I tell he : leok , carling , you have gst the wrong eolly golightly . I be not impressed by the honorarium either . you can do as well as that on trip to the powder room . any go with the slight chic will give you & fisty dollar bill for the girl 's jonn ... she be into the dress by now and be pile thing into a purse as Paul zipper up the back of she dress . folly and I always ask for cabfare , too . that 's ancther fifty . but then he sts say he client be Sally terato . ee say dear cle Sally hac see I ( contimze ) 35 . $-22-60 breakfast at tiffant's 1g . ( cont would ) holly ( cont would ) at elmer 's or somewhere and have admire I a la distance so would not ? it be a good geed i : 1 go to visit he once a week . well , I could not say no . it be too romantic ... paul it doee not seem like shey would let just anyone visit e prisoner . eollt oh , they do not . in fact , they make quite a boring fuss , I be suppose to be bis miece . eow do I look ? the dress operation be now complete , astonishingly enough , out . of the terrible shamble , Holly have emerge look neat , chic and altogether immaculate . paul very good . I must say , I be amaze . awed , actually . holly : - you be a darling to help . I could never have do it without you ... ~ pau it be @ pleasuve , really . call on I any time . I be right upstairs . or I will be as goon as I get move in . by this time they have move through the live room and out into - ext , zallway - ( day ) bolly 's lock the door behind she , we still get the semse of she be on the dead run . she start down the stair , Paul , intrigue by what he have hear , follow . paul vou mean for a acur 's conver - sation he sive you a bundcreé éollar ? '' raed ) n 1 ( son uz sreaxpast at tiffanz! S 19 . 36 . ( cont would ) holly well , ur. o' shaughnessy ucoe . as soon as I meet bim and give he the weather report . paul it 's none of my business , but 45 sound to I like you could get inte a lot of trouble . they have now reach - 37 . int . vestibule - ( day ) : rolly bow ? paul well , there must be some law about false identity . I mean you be really not he niece ... and what do you mean , weather report ? : Holly bas open she mail box , inspect the mail and put it all back , and close the box again . rolly nothing but bill . ob , that 's just a message I give you , at shaughnessy so he will imow I have peally be up there . Sally telis I thing to sey like ... ob ... there 's a hurricane in Cuba ... it 's cloucy in palermo ... thing like that . you de not have to worry . I have take care of mysell for a long tine ... they move cut to the - 38 . ext . srownstone - ( daz ) paul taxi ! oh , taxi ! 4 cab go by but it alreacy bas a passenger . = put two finger in < mouth and whistle . amovnrer cab go dy . $ -22-6c ( consinue ) ee 38 . 5-22-60 breaxpast at tiffant be . 20 . ( cont would ) paul I have always want to the able to do that ... hey , taxi ! now a cab appear . it pull up in front of the trown - stone . a lady get out . she be Emily eustis ( mes. willtam ) fabastock . ' zs !' ( promounce , I guess , ' tcohey ' ) as she be affectionately imown to the reader of chelly enickesrbocker 's column . she be a extremely attractive woman in she early forty . she look rich , sexy and gomewhat spoiled . she carry a large , ugly , expensive victorian lamp and several rell of wallpaper . a ( all in one breath as she get out of the cab ) Paul ! I be late ! I know it ! oh , don 's tell I you be lock out ? do not you get the key ? oh , darling , I be so sorry ... - paul I get 1 % all right . my neighbor , miss golightly , be kind enough to let I in ... ( nervously make - conversation } . miss goligetly be be she way to sing sing . just visit , of course . the two lady eye each other , take rapid stock in the terrifying way that lady do . Paul , feel ‘hat something more really cugst to the say , go on . : . paul miss golightly , I would like rou to meet Mrs. fabnstock ... ( be hesitates again , seek the correct deseriptive phrase} vo my ee ecoratarece holly ( her eyebrow go up ever so slightly ) bow do you do . Zz eow do you ds ... ( then , to Paul ) darling , let I look at you .. wes the flish + absolutely gha : we ct ray to ey 38 . 3 . '' py for ( cont would ) paul ( cont would ) be it really only three week since I leave yeu in Rome ? it seem like year ... : rolly , through all this , incicate the cab . eolly be you through with ... I mean may I take ... I be in ea terrible rush ... as she be unable to break through the sound barrier erect by Mrs. fahnstock , she finally shoug , get the cab and saysi rolly ( cont would ) Grand Central please . - and step on it . she slam the door and the cab pull away . Zz ( oblivious of she departure ) have you see the apartment ? paul not vet ... z I mow it - be wick of I , but I could not resist . I go ahead and fix it up without you . I think it 's darling , of course , eut if you abso - lutely hate it , we cam rip everych out and just start frem seratch ... by this time she have lead he with the lamp and the toll of wallpaper and be lead he trivmphastly up the step . dissolve to : int . paul' apartment - ( day ) Paul and 2 enter together , faul staggering slightly under he luggage , the lamp amc the wallpaper . = Close you eye , darling ! wow ... now ... you can open they ... with well ... isn 's 28 just something ! ( continue ) 39 . $=22-6c brearpast at tiffany be '' 22 . ( cont would ) Paul open he eye , put down he stuff and look around , it be , like the lady say , just something ! tb be the top floor studio apartment - one large rocr with studio window on one side . it be wildly decor ~ ated in what can best be describe as early expensive . paul well ... az : oh , darling , you do hate it ! I can tell ... paul no ...2 think it 's ...great ... 1 % just take a second to get use to , that 's all . z ( indicate ) the lamp go right over there ... and I have not settle on the paper for the bathroom yet . but aside from that it 's all do ... well , wnat do you think ? paul ( softly ) wowwee . z i : now ... before anything else ... want . we to get you all unpack ... I can not stand the sight of suitcase in a room ... they be so sad and go - away look ... she go to he suitcase and open it . paul that 's okay ... I will do it later . z . no ... let I , please ..- I love do + thing for youec . from the suitcase she take its content , two shirt , two pair of short , a pair of sock they a necktie ... she go to the cleset cocr ané open it . tt be a enermous step - in style closet , complete with encush bufltein tack , urawer , tie tack , shoe tack , sist holder etc. , to service the entire sixth sloor at brock Brothers . she quickly sut eway Paul 's frugal belonging . they look extremely sac ig the vast clese , espe¢ialiy the single necktie dangle sram che encrmous tie rack , they both contemplate che situaticn = + for a moment . ( continue ) mb brsarfast at tiffany's 23 . 3¢. ° ( cont would ) part ( he 's try ) it certainly be a nic roomy closet ... a wetli need the space , darling . you suit will go hers , shoe along here esport jacket here ... and this erawer be all for sweater . tf love the way cashmere feel on & mamsee the umpacice be now complete , she pick up the suitcase and put it on a shelt , 25 . 4nd now we can get rid of this awfnl thing ... , she close the door to the closet . za much better - no ? and you do not even notice you desk , . , it 's a escritoine actually ... it once belong oltaire. , . I think .. , om maybe it be anatole France ... and look , I have . get it all arrange for youssc s8b ee , you have get ream of peper ... and yellow pad , legal size and reguler , .. and paper clip and rubber bend ... , and I have get you pencil all sharpen ... she pick up he typewriter , put it on the desk and take off its lid , sbe take a sheet of paper and put 1 % im the machine , voila ! paul iz a man be go to starva ina garret and write the creat american movel this be sure the way to do it ... za and you be not angry because I go ahead and 42 1 % all without you ? $ 022 250 ( contismme ) mb 39 . 3-22-50 breatpast a? tifpant's 2h , ( combta ) a ( har tone change ) now listen , darling , we be just not go to have any of that et all ... the whole thing be very simple . youtre a writer ... 2 think you can be & great one ... woy should not I help you ? I have a busband who invest in oil well ...r have friend who inve 's in , .. i_do not know , , , the stock market or real estate . so why should not I be allow to invest in what I believe in ? pavl which be ? 2e talent , darling , talent . you have talent and I be go to see that you do not waste it or spoil it or fritter | it away , I could not bear the idea of you ... - prostitute yourself , . , sitve in a little cage in Hollywood .. write movie that would make we both ering when we see they later ... let I be you Hollywood , Paul , .. you own personal , sender , loving Hollywood ... . pal . ' and what do you get out of it ? 2 satisfaction , darling , just satis - faction , and mavbe the feelin of pride , when the book be finsliy do , of see the dedication page that say : ' for 22 , without whom ... ' doring this , she have very gently begin to unbutton bis shirt . pacl 4nd that nos 211 ? 2 well , almost ... she graw he to she and itss he . when they break zee rare gentiy push bim away from he > and toward the bed , oz 40 . 4i. 42 . sreartast at tiffane be . 2s . close seot - 2 = ( paul be angle ) - ( day ) 2 it 's not so dad , ts it ? really ? paul ( 0.8 . ) : ' I suppose there be tougher wey of earning '' live ... 25 ( softly ) you bet there be , darling . you just bet there be ... she begin to unbutton she blouse . Zz Paul ... paul ( 0.s. ) yes ? . 2 I wish we have a picture of you ... just the way you be right now ... if we put lt on the book jacket , we would sell a million copy ... slow dissolve to : exd . STREET - ( niget ) it be very late . the ‘nearby house on the blo ck be dark and quiet , in we brownstone , however , light blaze in Holly 's apartment be the silence of she might be shattered by the rock , blast sound of music from she record player . a light upstairs go on suddenly . int , mr . yuntosai be door ~ ( night the sound of the blaring music fill the corridor . Mr. .. open he door and bellow in a angry voice . we . yontos= miss golightly ! once again I must protest ! if you co net ‘his minute turn off that pnonograp I will telephone so che police ! prem delow come the sound of a cresn . buc the susic stop , ir . uy . triumphantly close bis decor . pea breazfast at tiffant be . 2s , 435 . ext . folly FIRE escape -° ( night ) Te camera be shoot through the window inte Holly 's bathroom . there be the sound of another crash . the bathroom door open and eolly enter , wear a evening dress . she quickly lock the door behind she . tere be still another crash , she shrug , sigh a little - she be , however , more amused than alarmed , then open the window and climb out onto the fire escape , close the window behind she . the camera follow she as she climb the fire escape , mount the - 44 . ext , paul' FIRE escape - ( niget ) Holly peer into the window . 45 . '' int , paul' apartment - ( bolly Pov ) - ( night ) Paul be asleep on the bed . in the single light from the bed lamp we can see that he ts smile benignly in he sleep . . 46 . ext . holly cn FIRE escape - ( niget ) her feature take on the same benign smile . she start to open the window mod enter . then she see something that stop she . 47 , int , paul' apartment - ( bolly Pov ) - ( niget } 2b , dress for the street , be come out of she’ bathroom . she move about the room , straientene up . empty ashtray enc clear away glass . 48 , sxt . holly on fere escape - ( niget ) eolly , rasign , seat herself on the five escape , bugging she bare shoulder for warmth . ske settles in to wait . 49 . int . paul' apartment - ( niget ) @e , she domestic chore finish , go to the ded and lovingly pull she cover tp groum the sieeping Paul . she kiss riz very gently . be do mot ivaker .. she start to go - then - almost as a2 afserthous= - open she nurse anc¢ tax ovt chree hundred co Zollar bill wkich she place on the éesk . she kiss Paul once more and tiptoe o=t , close the < oor softly pebinc she . 6-22-80 . ( sontinueé ) id 50.° sl. ereazfast at tippany's 27 . ext , holly on tes fore escape - ( niget ) now the coast be clear . Holly rap om the window . Paul do not stir . she rap agein louder , this time he eye open . int . paul' apartment - ( niget ) aware of the rapping at the window , Paul sit up . eolly open the window and enter . paul what. the hell ... holly it 's all right . it 's only I ... paul now wait a minute , miss ... holey golightly . Holly goligh < ly . live downstairs . we meet this morning , remember ? with Paul look anxiously around for 22 . . boley that 's all right . she 's gon . she leave a few minute ago . Tre thing be , I have get the most terrifying man downstairs . I mean he 's sweet when he be not drunk , but let he start lapping wp the vino and oh , golly , quel beast ! it finally get so tiresome down thers that I just go out the window . tere £ 3 another erash from below . Paul look at she questioniagly , she shrug . holly pretty soon he will get tired anc go to sleep . he certainly should anyway . eight martinis before dinner and enough wine to wash a elephant ... look , * you can throw I out if you want so ... 5ut you éi2 look so cosy in here weeand you decorater friend bad go home ... 2! it be beginning to get cold ous there cn the balcon ... ( continue ) # ww we 6222-50 breamfast at tiffane 's — 28 . { conttd ) paul and I alwar hear people in Jew tork never get to ' know they neizhbor . eow be sing sing ? eclly : Fine , I make the train and everyvhing ... paul , and what 's the weather report ? rolly small craft warning block Island to hatteras , .. whatever that mean ... ( make a decision ) you kmow , you be sweet , you really be , anc you look a little like oy brother Fred . do you mind if I call you Fred ? she seat bersel ? at bis desk . - faul - ( lighting a cigarette ) not at all ... hollt when I be little we use to sleep four in a bed , Fred be the only one who would let I bug kim ona cold night ... gascal2y , she piek up the money 2 left.on the desk , folly ( rapidly count 1 % ) Three indre ? she 's very generous ... pate ( suddenly angry ) okey , ' the party 's over . tou can ges the heli cut of here right mow ... ee start to get out of bed to throw she oct , healize in time thet be bes mo clothes om and , srustratec , slower at she from the bec , Holly , pealise she kas be rade , rush to tim , kneel besice the bec , folge ob , Fred , derling Fred , I be som>y . I diac 's meen so bur you feeling . mb 51 . 6022 080 srearfast at tiffanz's 25 . ( cont would ) paul ( after a moment ) that 's okay , I be sore for a mimte , but I be ever it now , stick around mak yourself a drink ... or shrow I my pants and I will get up and make you one ... sollt you stay right where you be ! you mast be absolutely exhausved ... I mean it 's very late and you be sound asleep and everything ... she pour two drink and bring one to he and then , finally settles back in the chair at the desk . zolly I suppose you think I be vary bresen . or tre fou . or something . paul a . I dontt think you be any Zoueer than anyboéy else ... bolle yes , you do . everybody do , I do not mind . it 's useful , what do you do , anyway ? ? pavl I 'ma writer , I guess ... eolly you guess ? do not you lmow ? - PAT ouny , positive statement . ringe ing affirmative . I be ea writer . eollz ist funy . I always think of writer as be , well ... cider ... personally I can not get excited about & man until he 's forty - two , I just simply tratned myself , and it be the smartest thing I ever do . ( thoughtfalir ) : the only weiter I have ever be out with be benny shackiett ... xe 's write a awrul lot of television stufl ... =us quel rat ! sell I , be you a real writer ? . I mean go anybody suy wnoat you write ? op publish it om anyube ? ( somtinue } e 1 sae 6-22-60 breakfast at tifpanz's 30 . ( cont to ) Paul motion toward the cardboard carten that be new rest open on the floar beside the desk . it contain a dozen copy of a book . she start to take they out . solly your ? path uth~huk ... rolle all this book ? paul well , it 's just the one book . twelve copy of it ... zollt ( reading the title ) " nine story " by Paul varjak . they be storey ? paul nine of they . eoqlly tell I one . pauul , : they be not the kind of st you can really tell ... holly too dirty ? paul well , I suppose they be di>ty , $ 00 . sut only incidentally . mostly they be " angry " , " sensitive " , " intensely feel " and that dirtiest of all disty word , '' promise . '' at least that 's what the Times 3 cok review say on October ist , 1956 . eollt 1956 ? path that 's right . scllt Zosuppese shis be kind of a tatty question ... cut what have you writven lately ? ( continue } ee ereaxtast at tiffanz's 31 . 51 . ( cont would ) pacl tely I have be work on a novel . holly lately since 1956 ? paul a novel take a long time . I want to get it exactly rizht . eclly and so no more storey ? paul the idea be I be not suppose to fritter away the talent on little thing . I be suppose to be save for the big one . holly do you write every day ? paul sure . . eoqlly bid you write teday ? favl sure . eqlly it 's a beautiful typewriter . paul tt 's italian . lot write only very sensivive , intensely feel , sromise pos eae selly mit a few key at random . ecliy there 's no ribben in it . paul there be not ? zoliiz noe paul oh. ( pause ) $ =022-60 ( continue ) ee _ . - breaxpast at tiffany 's 32 . Le ( cont would ) paul ( cont would ) something you say this morning . -.- dt 's be worry I all day . zoclly what 's that ? oo paul do they really give you fifty dollar whenever you go to the powder room ? holly of course ... paul you must do very well ... holly ' I be try to save . but I be not very good at it . you go look a lot like my brother Fred ... she come over and sit down on the edge of the bed . eollt I have not see he , of course , since I - be fourteen , that 's when I leave nome , and the be already six - ' foot ~ - two . I guess it must have . be the peanut butter that do it . everye body think he be dotty the way he gorge himself on peanut butter . but he be not dotty . just sweet and vague . and terribly slow . he would be in the eighth grade three . year when I run away . poor fred. de 's in the army now . that 's really the best place for bim ... until I can get enough money save ... paul and . then ? eolly then maybe Fred and I ... I go the Mexico once . it 's a wonderful country for raise horse . I see ome place ... near she sea . Fred 's good with horse ... 5ut even land in mexice cost something ... and no matter what I de there never seem the be mere than a cousle of aunére gollar in the cank ... 2 a> ' of oo a 9 n ct . 3 & of a dl . breatast at tisfany 's 336 ( cont would ) she notice the alarm clock on the bed table . holly a be fourethirty ! it just the first Light be beginning to filter into she room . Holly , suddenly look terribly young anc terribly tired ... like a transparent child . eolly De yeu mind if I just get in with you for a minute ? she slide into bed beside he . holly ( sleepiiy ) it 's all right ... really it be . we be friend , that 's all . if you be older and richer and not as nice , then maybe it would be different .. we ere friend , be not we ? paul surssee she snuggle ber head against bis showlder and close she eye . holly okay .. emnow let 's do not say another word ... slet 's just go - to sleepece he leok down at she ... in a moment she be almost asleep . move gently he reach over to turn out the lamp , Morning begin to fi11 she room . in she sleep mow , eolly stiz and holé ois amma . eolly poor Fred ... where aze you , pred ? because it 's cold , ' there 's snow in the wind ... deul look more closely and see that she be cry . patl wheat 1s ite. waat 's the matter ? Way be you cry ? ell , suddenly wide awake , spring out of bed . ht 6222-60 ( continue ) dl breakfast at tiffant's 3h. sle ( cont would ) rolly if we be go to be frisnd , let 's get one thing straight tigkt now ! I hate smoops ! and with this , she start for the window and the fimemescape . dissolve to : 52 . ext , STREET - ( late apternoon ) Paul come up the street with a bag of grocery anc the evening papers , as he near the brownstone we hear ( as usual ) the elare of Holly 's fhonograte . Ze a little , amused by the habit of he neighbor . he mount the step and enter the - 53 . int , vestibule - ( late aft=rnoon ) he pause at bis mail box , a note and a small , gift wrap package have be affize to he box wath scotch tape . he open the note and read : sy .- insert - the note in eolly 's freakishly awkward , kindergarten hend - write : : " darling Fred , please forgive last night . can you stop in for a drink éeish ? mille tandress , you friend , Holly goligktly . " '' 55 . int , vestibule - ( late afternoon ) he pocket the note and , hold the small package curiously in kis hand , cpen the door and go in . 56 . ent . statr - ( late afternoon ) Paul climb the stair , pause a moment to listen to the sound come from the other side of Holly 's coor . then he continue om bis way upstairs . a 57 . i. eatl' apartment . ( late a Fe T ) 6222-60 ( continue ) be beearfast 27 tiffany's 35 . 57 . ( cont would ) 58. I phone be ringing as he come through the decr . it have be ringing for some time . he cashes to it and pick up the receiver . eello ? paul int . 22 's live hom ~ ( late afternoon ) Ze , stretch out on a chaise with the telephene . teclude in the shot be the distinguished back of Mr. William pahnstock who be , at the moment , en- gage in mixing martinis . Zz Lucille , darling ? 2 ... from this point on , intercut phone conversation , finish on Paul . . : Paul ( blankly ) Zuh ? a ityve be try desperately the reach you . Sill just get back - a-day easly , the beast ... so I be afraid I will have to beg off on the bridge game ... you will explain to the rest of the girl ... paul sure . a . tou be a darling . maybe we can have lunch tomorrow . I will call you in the morning ... - patl whatever jou sayece za and you will manage to survive without I tonight ? paul tt + ever take a wild voyish fling at write some ~ '' sure , of course , good might . good night . ( continue ) Bu 59 . 60 . breakfast 37 tiffanz's 36 . '' ( comt would ) ee bang up the phone . with a vaguely resolute air he sit down at the desk , light a cigarette and pull the typewriter to he . he jam in a piece of paper and then suddenly realize there be no ribbon . se get up again and , then , suddenly see eolir 's present , he slowly and carefully unwrap it . i+ contain a olivetti typewriter ribbon . he arin , go back to the desk and attempt to sut it into fhe machine , he be totally unsuccessful . maybe he 's just out of practice . with a sigh of resig - nation he give up . from the window come the in - vitiag sound of solly 's cocktail party . ee strugsle briefly with himself , lose , get up , wipe nis hand , straighten he tie and head for the door . he stop , go back , take a copy of he book from the shelf - take out a pen , auto - graph it to Holly and go out . tw . eolly's door - ( late afternoon ) Paul hesitates amoment , then knoce . presextly the door be open by a brisk , . tougn -talicag Little man who will presently be identify as one oo. J. berman . 0 . J. look at fal somewhat dubiousiy . 0.5 . eid 's in the shower ... you . expect ? - " paul iwas invite , . if that 's what you mean ... : 0.7 . okay . so do not get sore , it 's just a lot of . character come - here , they be not expect . that 's all . with that he usher Paul into - tnt , homdy'' live room - ( late afternocn ) what be clearly so to develop into a larse , noisy party be just getvce under wey . 4 dozen om $ 0 assort guest be stand around , shere be , of sour 's , =o place + 9 sit . 42 bar bas be improviseé om a empty peck case . there ts as yes no sig of the hosvess . pe 4 o.0 . you know the kid long ? oconsisue } be 60 . brearpast at tiffant's 37 . ( cont would ) paul not very . I live upstairs . od . . ( with some horror ) in this building ? . paul that 's right . oud . what a dump} look at it . unbelievable ! he pause for a nonent and then , very suddenly and dramatically hurl a question . o.d . well -- what do you think ? be she e+ or be not she ? no , before Paul can come up with a suitable >erly , che bedroom door burst open and Zolly , fresh from the shower , splashes into the room , a towel more or less wrap around she and she wet fee drip foot mark on she Zloor . . , holly . Fred , darling - I be so glad you could come --. .- : paul I bring you a house present - something for you bookcase . ( Ze hand she the book ) solle you be sweet <-- '' ( she put it on the shelf where be sit in solitary splendor ) it do look mouse there , do not % w= Light I a cigarette , will you ? 's Net you , 0.j . you be such a slobee . oe '' she reach down and deftly scoops up the cat anc place it on she bare shoulder , Paul light ner a cigarette , through this , eolly 's lime of shatter do not lose a deat . : - bcllt will , ds a slob sut he 's a great go and he lmow a terrizic lot 6 a [ pammetonad ) mb 60 . brearfast at tiffanz's 38 . ( conta ) holly ( cont would ) ef phone mumber , ‘hat be David 0 . selznick 's phone mumber , 0 , J .? 0.7 . crestview 5 - 6 , .. come on now . Lay off ... bollz it 's not a joke , darling , I want you to call bim up and tell bim what a genius Fred be . ( she indicate book eon the shelf ) see - mine storey - by Paul varjak . New you just stop blush , Fred , you do not say you be a genius . TI do , so quit stalling , 0.7 , just tell I what you be go to do to make Fred rich and famous ... . od , : suppose you just let cld Fred - baby and I settle shat , bub , lid ? there be another enock at the door . Zolly move off to answer it , call over ber shoulder as she go : . holly okey . but just remember , i'm bis agent , he 's already get a deconator = put I be he agent . . od . well , okay , fradebaby ... PAT ( correct he ) paule-baby ... 0.7 . okay , Paul babdy ... so answer the question . be she - or be not she ? patl be she what ? ode 4 phony . patl go be keow , I do not think so ... ( continue ) mb $ 0 , $ 222-60 ( contd ) . bebatfast at tiffant's 39 . cw . well , you be wrong ! she be 2 phony ! but on the other Band , youtre right . secause she 's 2 real phony . tou know why ? be - Cause soe nonestly believe all this phony junk she believe 's paul Zave you imown she long ? 0.d , known har long ? I ...0.d. berman ... I be the ome discover her} on the coast , a courle of ysar ago , out at Santa anita , she 'ts hang around the track , the kid 's just fifteen . but stylish . even though when she open she mouth , you do not know if she 's a hillebilly or a okie or what . one year it take to smoot out that accent . how we finaily dic 2s , we give she french lesson , after that she gradually learn to imitate English , finally , when I think she 's ready = I set she up with a screen testes . for could kill myselt ... the might before ... wham ! the phone ring ! she say : this be Holly . I say : baby , you sound far away , she say : I be ain New York , I say : whet kind of New York ? you get a semeen test here to - morrow . she say : I be in New York because I have never be to New York , iosay : get you butt om a plane and get back here , she say : I do not want 15 . I say : you doe not want it ? she say : I do not want it . I say : what do you go ? she say : when ? find out , you will be the first one to know . so , listen , fred-baby ... pach paulebaby ... ow . Don 's stand there and troy and veil I she be not e phoryl él . breakfast at tifsany be ko . int . rolly seoroom - ( late afternoon ) the party have now spreac into the bedroom . through the door we can see two enthusiastic gentleman tipping Holly into she dress . once safely zipped Holly move ( and tee camera follgws her ) out inte the gather bedlam . there follow several secis of the party fron various angle , Holly turn the phonegraph up even louder . Paul pick he way across the room to the bar . O.J. shaking bis head and take a pill . mere guest arrive . faul , have finally get a drink , pick bis way back to he corner . he arrive there at the same time as Holly whe have come from the opposite direction . paul some party ... who ere ali this people anyway ? eolly who know ? I have be scatter invitation around all week -= I have sort of forget who all I ask ... ezolly suddenly notice the glass in Paul 's hand . ezolly . you do not mind , do you darling ? she deftly take he hard - win drink from he hand , and drain it in ome long pull . then she return the empty Glass to hin . : . path what I do not understand be : why ? eolly why what ? | pate why anyone would give a brawl like this of he own free will . holly well really , derling . eow else be a sirl go the get to meet new people ? from she docrmway come a high -pitch , female voice . a dighecitchec southern lemal veice with a rather setenh stutver . ( sentinue ) 62 . 63. bi. breakfast at tiftany be ui . ( cont would ) mag' voice ( 0.s. ) eolly ! Holly , d-d -darle ! . paul who 's that ? int . doorway ~ paul & holly pov = ( late artsanocy ) mag Wildwood , the owner of ths voice , be a fashion model , well over six foot tall in she spike heel . with she be two gentleman : Jose ybarra - jaegar , a wildly hendsome Latin with the lock of a shy bull fighter ; and rusty trawler , a middle - age child who have never quite shed he baby fat . there be not a suspicion of a bone in he body . mag be shouting greeting to one and all . : int . paul & holly - ( late a pi=rwoow ) '' hollt mag Wildwood . she 's a model , believe it or not .. and a thumping bere . but just look what she 's bring with she ! int . close sect - jose - ( late afternogn ) paul' voice ( 0.s. ) ( sotto ) . he 's all right , I suppese , if you like dark , handsome , riche look man with passionate mature and too many tooth ... int . hollzt & paul - ( late apterncon ) holly ( sotto ) I do not mean bin ! I mean the othe > one . : lse sect - susty - ( late afteernoch ) ( paul' voise { ( 0.s . ) sette : mb sreazfast at tiffanz's 42 . 67 . int . paul & zollt - ( lat afternoon ) holly : do not you imow who he be ? you must have see he picture at least ! he 's rusty trawler ... Paul look blank , holly busty trawler : he happen to be '' the minta richest man under fifty - five in dmerica ... paul that 's a remarkable piece of information to tmve at you fingertin . . holly . darling , I keep srack of this thing ! wow , you juss stand wall back anc watch ... Holly square she shoulder and move repidly to the doorway to greet she meew guest . '' holly : mag , darling ! I be so glac you gropped in ... mag well , I be upstairs work with yurioshi , Christmas stuff for the tbaebaezaar ' , then this two nice bedoy come to pick I up ... it wes @ memistake of course , my wire get cross somswhere ... bebut they be deboth very sweet about it ... mey I present Jose yoarrasjaezer , ..ne 's from Brazil ... miss gegolightly ... be kiss Holly 's hand , mag and Mr , rusty trawler ... miss gagelightly ... - rusty sigsle foolishi;y . mag Zoutre mot ven at I for beoring shen along ? zclly . 2 course mot , dariin ... 6022260 ( continue ) be brrartast at tiffany's u3 67 . ( sonttd ) . mag I be so g-glad ... now who 's go to get I some b-bourbon ? holly ode , will you get miss Wildwood a az eee 0.7 , oblige , lead she off . Holly look after she , sigh sadly and say to Jose and rusty : holly itts really very sad . and so mysterious , youtd think it would '' show more . but heaven know , she look healthy ... with which , she take rusty 's arm : holly come on , Mr. trawler , let 's ses what we can get for you ... rusty giggle foolishly as she lead he off , Paul lock helplessly around , consider try to get himsel ? ance the drink , decide against it and instead , unobtrusively leave the room . : . . . dissolve to : 68 . " int . paul' apartment = ( night ) Paul , he jacket off and sie loosen 4s seat at he desk , he foot propped up , he head back mce & cigarette in bis mouth , after a moment he swing he foot to the floor , get up , wander to the window end look out . 8s , int , patlis apartment = ( night ) Paul grin and go back to the desk , se pick up the typewriter ribbon , study it with great wenslty . once more he try to put it inte the machine , Thi . sime it almost fly into place . emnesurege , he jam a piece of paper into the machine , he stare at it of > along time , then , very slowly , very painfully he begin to type . patl { to nimselt es he aoe so ) there ... . be ...0 ncl +. 68 . tet lovelt . oe 5-22-60 be breakfast at tiffanz's ue 69 . ( conttd ) ' paul ( cont would ) very frighten girl ... she live alone ... in a unfurnish apartment ... suddenly he feel a paiz of eye on aim . he look quickly at the window . 70 , close shot - window sill - ( niget ) Holly 's cat sit watch he calmly . paul' voice ( o.s . ) oh , no , cat ... tae sound of trning begin again paul' voice ( o.s . ) alone that be , except for a nameless cat , each thursdey she take the 10:45 train for sing sing ... on the cat 's grin face - dissolve to : tl , + iwr , visttor 's room , sing stng -- ( dat ) begin on closeup of the grin face of Sally tome to . '' whan the camera pull back , a scene , almost picnic in quality be reveal . salli seo you be a writer , huh , Fred ? paul I guess so ... eollt what do you mean , you guess so ? bet write nine of the most marvelous storey , I mean they have be publish and everything ... paul eolly , please ... . sally look , you @ writer or aint ? you @ writer ? $ -22-60 ( continue ) th. breampast at tiffane's 47 . ( cont would ) pavl Goodbye , uncle Sally ... . sally ~ . Goodbye ... do not forget to send the book ... pate I owontt ... folly oh , unele Sally - what about the weather report ... sally ( grin ) ' gnow flurry expect this week - end in New Orleans ... ' be be be lec sway ... zolle ( to Paul ) ' snow flurry expect this week - end in New Orleans ... ' be not shat just the wierdest ?. I bet shes have not have any snow in New Orleans in a million year ... do not know how he think they up ... . dissolve to : ext , ossining station platform - ( day ) the train be in the station about to pull out . many of the people we see in the visitor room be board . among they , Holly and Paul . int . tratn - ( daz ) Holly and Paul seat next to each other in the cay coach . Zolly thump a fashion magazine . Paul be engross in she note book . after & moment Holly lock up . : ecl Fred ? yes ? de 's you th marvelous ? { sontinue ) ou 3. $-22-60 ereazpast at tisfanz's lé. ( cont would ) patl I mever meet a big time gangster before , I mst say he wasal exactly whet I would expect , je seam very nice , thoush ... be try to go back to the notebook , but Holly persist . holly Fred ..e paul ( look up once again ) . yes ? holly if you and I ever get marry , promise I that Sally will be there to give the bride away ... paul I think he be in there twenty - year -torlite ... holly well , I do not . dmagine we will be get marry mich before then amyway . do you ? . paul no . the economics be against it . wa could not atferd each other.e . holly that 's right ... we' tre both , .. reach for the sky , I guass ... but it 's nice that we can go along part of the way at least ... vogetberess the reythn of the train have begin to inéuce a certain relaxed elmost dreamlike quality , Paul fail in with ite pacvl two parallel line ... that never tet ewe zollt two parallel line ... shet 's exastl what we b7see6 ee reach crer to take ser Bend . it be siveadcy thers wait to De take , acter @ momentec . 75 . 76 , $ n22250 breartast at ha bt fpane be ° lg. ( cont would ) sz0llyy I have never be a parallel line . before ..- except maybe , I guess , with my brother Fred ... q@ice dissolve to : erd , train trace = ( dar ) the parallel line of the track stretch cut before we . now , the trein come roaring over they , quice dissolve to : TI , paul' apartment = ( late afternoon ) begin on close shot of the ca=zriage of Paul 's type - writer be slam back in the opposite direction from the train in the previous shot . the typewriter bell ring , . the camera pull back and we see Paul ing furiously . he be about hal ? way down a page . 4 , stack of complete page rest proudly at bis elbow , eis concentration be intense , he be , for example , totality tmaware of a SOUND shat aqritt lazily ap throuch he open window , it be eolly , singing and accompanying herself on the saitar . are . sorg be a piaintive preitrie melody the word ef which seem to be : " do not wanne live , do not wanna die , juss wanna g0 a= travelin ! through 's the pasture of the sky . " Paul 's concentration reach its climax as he finish the story be be write and add that two glorious word : tee 2 nd , ee pull she sheet from the typewriter ( separate the carbon } and , pencil in band , read over the page he have write , malice minor core rection with a pencil , mow and only now , do he bee com aware of the sound of Holly 's voice . the volume dnerease as it begiz to intrude on eis ( we ) ccnscious - mess , Ze finish proofereading she page , put it bee gand the other meke a complete manuscript , put ths seript down on the desk , vick up a cigarette , light it , and walk slowly to she window and look out . exd , eocley be fere escape = ( late apte=enocn ) = ( patl be — — — — | Zolly , she hair pewly | wash , be sit in 2 robe , esging anc gensly str gher geita , she look we see Paul anc wave . 78 . 80 . 82. 5-22-60 sprarpast at tiffany's 50 . — int , paul' window - ( late apternoon ) be smile tack . fpantomime the suitar strumm and mouth the word : " very nice ... " =xt , holly on FIRE escape - ( late afternoon ) Holly smile , raise she eyebrow questioningly and menth : " what about you ? '' int , paul' window - ( late afternoon ) Paul grin and pantomime type . two finger typin . ex '' . holly - ( late afternoon ) Holly nod approval and go back to she guitar , Paul return to - int . paul' apartment - ( late apternoon ) Paul , still smile , go back to he desk , stack the page , find a paper clip and put they together . he take a brown manila envelope out of the desk , start to address and hesitates , he get up anc go to a table where a vast mumber of magazine be rile . . thoughtfully , he pick up a mumber of slick , big leazue magazine , rejecting they , one by one : tee new yorier , tes saturday evening post , tre atlantic monthly , etc ... finaliy settling on something call the nortewes tern review ... 3e carry it back to the desk , copy the address onto he envelope with pen and ink . ee ine sert the manuscript , stamp the envelope enc be about to seal it when another think strike bim , grinning , be take out a sscond envelope , scribbles bis own name and address en it , stamp it , fold it and put it , with the mamusarint into the envelope . he be just seal - img it when the door buzzer sound . be seoep up the envelope quickly , like a guilty chile and bice it in the desk drawer , then , after brace oimssl > for a moment , ae goss to the door and admit 25 . she seem strangely upset . paul well , kellcece ese the door quickly behind hersel ? anc motion to be cule . paul waat 's the matter ? ( continue ) sl. 82. 83. $ =22-80 . ( cont would ) I do not know ... it 's probably nothing . sut ... she lead he over to the front window and , in the best hitchcock movie tradition , cautiously draw a corner of the blind aside . patl what be be ? a I want to see if he 's still there . : path if who 's still there ? what be you talk about -? she indicate the street . ext , the streed ( prom the window ) ~ ( late afternoon ) & man be ledtering across the way , casting occasional — glance at the house . se be in he early fifty with a bard weatherec face and gray forlorn eye . he wear a sweatestain gray bat and a cheap dark blue suit . eis shoe be brown anc brand new . : . Im . paul' apartment - ( late afternoon ) z I notice he yesterday afternoon . but I do not say anything . I do not want to sound neurotic ... but when he be there again today ... paul woo do you think he be ? z it could be anybody , of course . but what cross my mind be : suppose Bill 's find out about we and be have we watch ... patl okay . I will take cate of '' he ... ( continue ) ee 83. she as . 86 . 87 . ee . 222-60 breakfast at ft ( cont would ) a no , do not ... please . if that 's what it - be you will only make every - thing worse ... panl put on he jacket and prepare to go down . paul itll be careful . you wait here ... ; a please , darling , I do not think ... paul , take it easy . I just want to find out what this be all about ... he go quickly out the door . ext . brownstone - ( late apternogn ) Paul , move carefully but with study casualness come out of the vestibule and down the step . he look , with even more casualness , around to see if the man be still there . : exe . the man ( paul be Pov ) = ( late apterncon ) the man be stand across the street . hé see Paul and quickly and not very skillfclly pretend to be read a newspaper . exd , tee steeet - ( late afternoon ) Paul walk slowly to the comer and pause at a fire hydrant to tie he shoe . as he do so he sneak a fast look back . ext . thd man ( paul be Pov ) + ( late afternoon ) the man be casually crossing the street to Paul 's side and be very slowly beginning to make , nis way toward he . exd . steest corner - ( late afterncch ) ( continue ) cz 86 . as . 80 . g2. breakfast at tifpany's 53 . ( cont would ) Paul head west , crossing the Avenue . the man con - tinue to follow . ext , corner of fif 22 in Te ave & 6479 STREET - ( late Paul stop for a red light . the man , who be much closer now , come almest abreast of he . also wait for she lignt 4s a lady with a sleazy pomeranian . the man stoops over to pet the dog. on he speak he voice be a hoarse , countrify crawl . mo tee man that 's a mighty fine animal you get there ... tee Light change and faul eress the street . the man follow . Paul move down tke step into - ext . central park .Z00 - ( late afternoon ) tae man follow . sy now he be close enough for Paul to hear that he be whistling . the sune be haunt ) familier . Paul , as he walk , try to figure out where he have hear it before . suddenly 1 % cawn on he .. the tune the man be whistling ts eolly 's ' pas - ture of the sky ' melody . Paul 's eyebrow go up with curiosity . he move into = int . pare cafeteria - ( late apiernoon ) Paul move down the line , get himself a cup of collee , pay for it and move out onto - ext . cafeteria terrace - ( late afternoon ) there be many empty table , in fact , at this hour the terrace be almost desert . Paul select a table and sit , the man come out of the cafeteria onto the terrace . move almost aimlessly he come toward the table where Paul be seat and , finally , ignore all the other empty table on the terrace , seat binsel ? at Paul 's sable . he set nis coffee in front of hin . for a momen she two man wait , look quietly at she two untouched cup of coffee . ee 92 . 936 oh . ( cont would ) paul okey . what do you want ? the man Son , I need a friend . Paul watch with mount curiosity as the man veach into bis pocket and withdraw a wallet = it be as wear and leathery as bis hand - almost , in fact , talling so piece . from it he take a equally worm snapsict which he band to Paul . tss man that 's I . that 's ber . and that 's she brother Fred . pani take the snapshot and look at it curdously . tesgre - tee snabseod there be seven people in the picture , all group to - gether on the sagging poreh of a stark wooden house . and all ave child except for the man himself who have he arm around the waist of a plump little girl who ' stand with she hand shading she eye against the sun .. the little girl have a clear , if ambryonic resemblance to Holly . : exd . tee table - ( late aftern on ) Paul continue to study the snapshot .. then he look up amaze . paul you be Holly 's father ? the man ber name 's not Holly . she be lulume barne . way ... till ' she marry I . I be she husband ... Doc goligntiy .. I be a horse doctor . avimal man . do some farming too . near tulip , Texas . Paul laugh . sut it be a nervous llausr without bumcr . Doc tat here 's no rumercus mat . 94 . 95 . breampast at tofpany be ao of ( cont would ) doc ( cont would ) son . her brother Fred 's get out of the army soon . lulamae belong home with she husband , she brother and he cnurren ... a paul Children ? boc { indicating the snapshot ) they 's she churren ... . Paul sit for a moment , stare wide - eye at Doc , neither bas make the slightes $ move to touch nis coffee . finally Paul indicate the full coffee cup . paul finish ? Doc Zeah . — paul I too . let 's take a little walk . they rise . Dec take a change purse out of another pocket , snap it open , find a dime and leave it on the table as a tip . he put the purse back in nis pocket and they move off . exd . central pare zoo - ( late afternoon ) '' the camera follows as they . walk past the line of cage . 6-22-60 doe be talk . Doc now , son , I do not claim they be she natural - bear churren , theiz own precious mother , precious woman , pass away July 4th , Independence Day , 1555 . the year of the drought . when I marry lulamae she be so on fourteen . maybe be ordinary person , be only fourteen , would not know sheir own mind . but you take lulamae , she be a exceptional person . ( continue ) id $ -22-80 breakfast at tiffanz be ( ent ! 4 ) they be pass now the refreshmen ' wagon et the south - @ast corner of the zoo . Doc ston , busy a Sox of crack - ertack , pay for it again from he chenge purse . after the purchase be complete , they move on . boc I tell you , son , she plain break ous heart when she run off like she do . they be a little way out of the zoo , just past the pony tide . by a kind of umspoken agreement , they , move as one person and without discussion , drop ontc e bench . paul weat about she brother ? do not he leave too ? boc no sir . Fred be with we till they take bim in the arzy . that 's what I get to talk to she about . I have a letter from he . he git out of the army in February . that 's why I get on the Greyhound bus and come to git she . her place be with she busband and churren and brother . I know . she 's sorry for what she do . . I kmow she want to come home ... — . tarsugh this , Doc have be fruitlessly fingeriag the erackerjack bex try to get it open - this action have be almost unconscious and totally unsuccessful . Paul finally reachud over , take it frem he and un - do the wrapping . ee lift off the top and take out the prize - in this case a plain , gold - lock metal ring . he offer it to Doc . boc ( notice the prof - fere ring ) Zuh ? paul the prize in the box of crackerjack . you want it ? Dec shake tis head . Paul start to toss i away , shen , for no reason whatever , put it , instead in bis socket . he hand the bex to Doc , whe begin , casually , pay no real attention to what the be do , toss a few kernel of crackeriack on the greuné in front of hin . ( sonvinue ) 95 . $ eZ2-60 breakfast at tiffanz's 576 ( come ! 4 ) Doc never could understand wey that woman run off . do not tell I she be not happy . talky as a jay bird she be . with something smart *o say on every subject . better than the radio . as be talk new , bis crackerjack tas begin to attract pigeon . it 1s clea > shat Doc have a way with they , in a moment or two they be eat out of bis hand , climd= ing on he shoulder , Ze work with chem , almos ? automatically as he talk . he seem completely at home with they and they with he , Doc we all dote on that woman , she do not have to lift a finger , except to eat a piece of pie , except to comb she hair and send away for all the magazine . we mist have bad a tmmdre dollar worth of magazine , come +o thes house . ask I , shat 's waat do it . look at stow - off picture , reading dream . that 's what - start ber walk down she road . Zvery day , she would walk a little further . a mile and then - come home . ' two mile and come home , one day , sne just keep on.e seme child run by scare _away the pigeom . dee. do not even seem to notice . ee turn to aul with some intensity . pec listen , som , I advise you , 2 need a friend , secause I do n's want to surpriss she or scare she none , that 's way I hold off . that 's wey I be standin ! in front of that house she last two day . be ay friend , let she mow I be here . wlll you do that for I , sen ? after a moment . paul sure , Doc . if that 's what you want . come on . ' dusk have gather new anc the light on fifth avenus and Central pazg South have begin to slicker . againss this background she llieassorted pair rise ane move off toward fifth avenus . dissolv = tc : of % 96 . 97 . 98. erearpas ? at te fare ° 38 . ext . erownston - ( iveve ) Dee and Paul appreach the house . Doc be nervous . Paul pat bis arm and almost usher he up the sten ané inte the - int , vestibule - ( iven ) Paul fumble for bis key , fimeally open che deer and hold it for Doc . Doc hesitates once more and fumble with he tie . pec do I look nic ? move , Paul be unable to answer . ee pat the Doc 's arm once more , motion for he to stay there and go quickly up the step to - int . eolly's doorway - ( evening ) Paul come up the stap to she door . pause in front '' of it , gather bis resource , and shen eznocks . eolly open the door almost dmmeciately . she be d@rassesd to the teéth and clearly ready to go out for the evening . eolly darling , I be sorry . I be just on the way out ... J be suppose to have be at twenty - one a hel ? hour ago , .. maybe we can heave 2 é@pink or something tomorrowee . paul sure , lulamae ... if you be still here tomcrrow.ecs bolly take off she dark giass and squint et he , when she speak she voice 4s small anc shivery . eolly be tole you that ; oh , please , woere be he ? she rem past bin , into the hall . ecllt ( caliize} i edi where ave you , cl 98. 99 , $ 022-60 breasfast at tiffany's 59 . ( cont would ) Doc gosh , lulamae ... ges , honey , doe not thay feed you up here ? you be so skinny , .. , and all wild around the syeec . eolly touch he face , taste the reality of bis chin , he beard stubble . eolly hello , docese then she kiss he on the cheek , eolly hello , docess be lift she off she foot in a rib-crush grip , he be shake by a wave of relief - fill laughter , : Doc gesh , lulamae . Kingdom com@se . ee carry she into the apartment and the coor close , after a moment Paul slowly climb the stair , open bis own door and move into - int , paul' apartment o. ( evening ) 2s turn anxiously from the window , 2 what be it , darling ? what happen d? : - paul nothing . ee be nobody . just a friend ef the girl downstairs ... 25 where be you then ? it 's be almost a hour ... path I go Zor a walkee . 23 for a vali ? facl just a mile down the road , this time I come back , but ls' a stadtece ( continue ) ee 996 100 . 101 . 6-22-60 breakfast at tispany's 60 . ( comt would ) she look at he , uncomprehendingly - then envelop hiz in ber am . dissolve to : ext . brownstone - ( late at nicst ) fer once all be silent . a light burn in Paul 's apart . mens , Holly 's apartment be dark . the light go out in Paul 's apartment . a moment later , the Light go on in Holly 's . presently Paul and 25 emerge from the building . he get she a cab , put she in it and the cab drive away . pavl light a cigarette anc stand for a moment , look up at she building , a thoughtful , troubled expression on he face . a wind be rise . a piece of newspaper blow along the sidewalk make a lonesome sound . as Paul look upward he be suddenly startle to see the light go on in he own apartment . with a kind of inaudible '' what the hell ? " he dash wack into the tuilding to investigate . dissolve to : int . paul' apartment - ( night ) Paul burst into the apartment . a single light burn . ' she fire escape window be open and the curtain be | blow . Holly , she hair dishevel and wear a raincoat be pour herself a drink . eclly , eello ... golly , I be afraié you would go out scmewhere . paul : what be 4t ? ace you all right ? eclly I guess so . no , I be not ... listen , Fred ... will you help I ? paul if I cen ... holly iwant you to come to the bus station with we ..oc and I . path what ? ee : breazfast at tiffant be él. lol. ( cont ! d ) holly I lmow it 's late and everything ... she pour herself another drink . holly ( cent 14 ) he still think I be go back ~ with he ... I need support . I de 's think I can play the scene alone ... paul look , it 's none of my ... I mean I would only ... holly please , Fred . I will tell he you be come down to see we off ... be start to pretest further , but she stop he . holly : . do not say anything . just meet we out front ... in about five minute ... please ! . with which she kiss he quickly on the cheek , finish to . the rest of she drink in a nervous gulp and go quick -. ly out the window and dewn she fire escape . Paul watch she go , pour himself a fast drink which he belt down , shake he head and . begin to put om he jacket . dissclve to : 102 . it . bus station - ( late at nigh ? ) the bus terminal at 3th Street be a lonely place after midnight . < a few people sleep om bench . a crunk or two . ths o¢casional public address announcement of bus leave for far off and unlikely scundin place echoe with mournful hollowness . as the PA system tall Dec 's bus , Doc , flanke by Paul and soliy be take a wear valise out of a locker . Doc come on , iulumae ... that 's we . pav ( uneasiis ) wry da 't I see if id can sind you something to read ... aZ2260 ( continue ) ee 102 . $ =22-60 breakfast at tif fant' 62 , ( cont would ) hollt please , Fred . do not leave I ... dotes. boc yes ? 's holly Doc ... I be not go with you . Doc lolamee ... she take bis arm and begin to walk he toward the load platform where the bus , now almost completely load , be wait . holly let 's just walk together quietly ... and I will try to help you wderstand ... come on , Fred . eelp I talk to he . paul doce. Doc ( gently ) that 's all right , sm . I appreciate - . you want to help . sut it 's between lulamae ami I ... I love you , lulamae ... solly I imow you do , and that 's just the trouble . it 's a migtake - you always make , Doc . try to love a wild thing . ( to Paul ) . ee be always lug home wild thing . ( once it be a hawk with a break wing . another time it be a fullegrown wildcat with a break leg . Te bec ) remember , Doc ? Doc lulamae ... eclly flease , Doc . let I talk . you mustn 's give you heart to a wild thing . the more you ac che stronger they get . Une il shey be strong enough to run into the woed . or sly into a tree . and shen to a bigher tree . then to the sky . ( cent inne ) loz. ( con ! d) $-22-60 srearpast at toffany 63 . they have pass through the gate and be mow stand by the bus . boc lulemae , there 's something I get to tell you ... two week age I bad a letter from young Fred ... folly from Fred ! oh , Doc ... be he all tight ? he be all right , be n's he ? be not be ? Doc yeeh , he 's fine , I guess . and he 's gittin’ out of the army in February . that 's what he write to say . Holly 's eye widen eas the full implication of the news strike home . holly Fred ? in February ? that 's only ... : : . ( ske count rapidly on she finger ) oo 000.6 two ... shree . four month ... oh , Doc ... . Doc so you see , you get to come back , lulamae . you place be with you husband and you churren and you brother . holly doe , you get to understanc ... 2 can not come back . bec and you get to understand what I be try to tell you . he final call for the tus echoe over the scene . boc ( continue ) if you do not come sack with I ... fim go to write to Fred anc tell sim less he want to look cause for bimsel 's not better sign up for another riveh . gp brearfast at toffaanz 's 6h . 102 . ( cont would ) bollt De not you do that , Doc ... do not you write that to he ... I 'lt write to he myself ... tell Bin I want he here with I ... I will take care of he , Doc ... do not you worry about that ... I will take care of he . : . Doc you be talkin ! crezy , lulamae . . holly please , Doc , stop call I that ! I be not lulamae anymore ... Doc all right , lulemae ... I guess you know what you be do ... / ( of Paul ) ~ eeep a eye on she , will you , son ? at least see that she sat something one in @ while ... she 's so skinny ... he turn end quickly board the bus . in a moment he 's face appear at a window . |. , bollt : ( Calling to Dec through the window , although he_ camnot hear she ) please , Dec , please understand ! I love you ... but I be just not lulamae anymore ! I be not ! I be nott Te bus pull out ... for a moment Holly stand with sear stream down she face . Paul put he ara eround she , pick up she suitcase end lead she back along the empty platfora . ecllt you know the terrible thing , Fred darling ? I be still lulamae ... fourteen yeer old , steal su>key egss and rumming throush a tria > patch ... omly now , davling , = call it bave the mean red ... she pull herself together after a moment . sole ( cent '4 ) tts still a listle early to go to utfan 's , so I guess the next dest $ 022—60 ( comtism ) — i 102 . 103 . lok . b=22+50 brearpast at tiffanz be $ 5 . cont would ) holly ( cont would ) thing be a drink . yes , I very , very mich need a drink . come on , pred , will you buy I one ... patl sure ... dissolve to : ivt . bar - ( wight ) a honky - tonk bar om eighth aveme in the West Forties , eolly and Paul at the bar . ' they have be ‘here for about three drink , amc be deesly engross in conversation . paul do you ever divorce he ? holly iverce he ? of course I never divorced he ! i be only fourteen for Pete 's sake ! it could not pos - sibly have be lecal ! darling , could we have two more of this ' glorieus thing ? paul let 's walk a lit¢le . then we will have some more ... sollt all risht ... we will pub-crawl om way home , sut darling , you have to promise I one thing ... you will not take I home until I be @runk ... umtil I be very , very drunk indeed ... pal ( 2 lmest tenderly ) come on , let 's get out of here ... dissclye TW : they be walling east slong West fifey - second Street , petween Sixth and prom this point Zollr 's con - versation gracial I more light -headed . continua ned ) rok . 105 . $ 222 460 brearpast at tiffany's 66 . ( cont would ) holly Dec mist be in the Blue Mountains by now . paul ( look at bis watch ) by my calculation be be exactly two mile south of Weehawken , New jatseyoee zollt and this little pig want : wee wee weebawken all the way bome ... I think we should have a drink to wish Dec lnck ..e toey have come abrsast of a garish strip joint , com - ese with blaring music from within and a spsling oorman , Paul try to ease she past it , - . paul not here , this be just a sucker trep . and I be Holly golightly , the world 's mumber ome sucker , you kmow that br now do not you , Fred darling ... she lead he into the joint . dissowe to : inp . suri ? join - ( mg=t ) a circular bar with small stage in the middle , music blare and a young lady be remeve she clothes , fanl amd Holly be seat at the bar , it be gark and noisy . Holly , for the moment oblivicus of hsr surroundings , be toast : holly dear Doc ... aiway remember , it better to look at she sky then live shere , such a empty piace ... the sky ... dust a country where thunder go anc shine disappear ... a drum roll ( of she sort that generally eccompany bump anc grind nos ) attract she wanderin ton to the stage . ske renove she scx glass for a better pook . they doth ssucy tbe yous '' laey fom a moment or wwe . mb brearpast at trffamy 's 67 . 105 . ( cont would ) eolly do you think she 's talented ? deeply and importantly talented ? paul | noeowo. , .amusingly and super ficially talented —- yes . but geeply and impertantly , mo ... eollt I do not think she 's deeply and amportantly talented eithe >... ds @ matter of fact , I think T could do what she 's do just as well . if not better , 106 , znr. stage = ( paul be & rollt' Pov ) - ( mig= ) the youn lady be near the climax cf she act . she pore she beck and undoe she tra , she start to turn ack , . 107 . int . paul & holly = ( might ) eolly gracious ! . ( after a moment ) De you think she be ' handsomely eo pay ? pav indeed , I have be give to understand that young lady who remove they clothes publicly to mesic frequently make thousend of dollar a week ... Holly consider this with dmmken intensity 2 moment , eolly well , let I tell you something , mister . if I have she money tid be richer than she be ! pach eow do you siscre ? zcliz ( with great eratii~ ness ) because I would ueep the ' cancy storm ... : ( cont : mo ) $ -22-50 107 . 108 , $ 022-50 bheaxfast at tiffant?s 68 , ( cont would ) faul look blank , holly Old Sally tomato , that 's my candy store , and I be always go to keep Sally so that 's wry I would be richer than she be . paul _ come on , I shink wa better get a@ little more air , . , dissolve to : STREET = ( might ) they be walice up the street , folly cling to bin ever so slightly for support , they be now pass the iron gate of twentyeone , eolly stop , holly 'twenty - one ! ' . , , world famous rendez - vous of the great , .. mest place of the famous . , , hammt of movie star ... account executive and ... ( consider for a moment ) : eeeinternational polo player ... shall we pop in for a quick one ... dust to see who 's there ... paul . . I think better not . personally , not. be a international pelo player ... be you sur polo player ? boll figure of speech . paot that 's what I think ... folly exactly .. , aphorism .. , om eupheumism o> some of mism ... anyway , it may be twenty - one to you ... put you imew what it be to I , .. the mess ball ... theat 's what I call it , .. the mess hali , .. and yon - want to lmow way zi ocall it the mess hall ... beceuse I bave dinner there every night of mat iife . every Tom , Dick and Harry ... ( contime ) mb 108 , 5022-60 besazfast at tisfanz's 65 , ( cont would ) eoliy ( conttd ) nro...commection , ..every Tom , Dick and sid.. , Harry be he 2riend ... also in the machine tool business , however . , , dnyway , every Tom , Dick and sid think if he take a girl to twenty - one for dinner she will faust curl up like a kitten in a litvle furry ball at bis foot ... right ? padl if you say so , tzou be she authority ... eolly I have by actual count be take to twenty - one by swentyesixn different rat in the last two month . twenty - seven , if you include bemny shacklett , who be , in many wey , @ super-rat ... and do you lmaw something funny ? in spite of the fact thas most of this rat ...or , in the case of bemny . shacklett , sumererat , fork up fifsy buck for the powder room like little dolis ... I find I have , again by actual count ... mine dollar less in the old bank account than I have six month ago ... and Fred gat out of the army - in februery ... so there 's not much time ... you see thet do not you Fred ... there ' 's mot mech time ... dissolve to : ext , brownstone = ( miget ) Holly and Paul , she leaning even mere heavily on he than before , come weaving up the block . holly will so my dariitng rrec , I have this might mace a very sexious gecision ... no longer will I piay " ™he field " , .. " the field " stink ... both economically ancé socially ... and lam give it up ... tee camera move with they as they meun the step and enter the '' . brearpast at tiffant's 70 . it , vestibule - ( night ) Paul search for he key but cannot find it , bolly do not bother to look for hers but simply press yunioshi 's bell , keep she finger on be until finally the door click open . hollie Goodbye " field " ... goodbye all ' you pat ... and / or suver-rat as the case may be . at this point the door open and folly and Paul ' move into - : 6222-60 int , stairway ~ ( nigit ) bollt ( of the door ) thank you ... and as Holly golightly sink slowly into the West she bid a fond aleka to Tom , Dick and Harry ...mo...com , dick.and sid ... Zarry be bis friend ... be they weave they way up the stair we hear over she voice the irate cry of Mr. yunioshi . : mr. yuniosei be voice ( 0.s . ) miss golightly this time I will will -@all not only the police but the Fire Department , the New . York . State eouse Commission and if necessary the 3oard of eealth . eoult eseand my friend miss golightly further announce ... { she suddenly become -aware of Mr , yunioshi 's voice . she beliow ont sternly up at he ) the et uD be ! Zou want to wake Zhe whole nouse ! ~ Holly get she key rom under the door mat , then trugsle with it . Paul take it rom she and stily open she door and push she into - g4 tit , sqliy' liveng room - ( niget ) Paul close she door behind he , Ze switch on the ( comsinue ) be brearpast at tiffany be ' th. 122 . ( cont would ) 5-22-60 Light . the cat be sit om a pack cass watch - ing they , during the next speech , Holly take off she raincoat and drop it on the floor , Paul pick it up , lock for somewhere to hang it , realize there be no such place , and fold it neatly over a pack case . Holly , lurching a little , find the whiskey bottle and pour herself a drink . holly as miss golightly be say before she be so rudely interrupt . , . mias golightly further announce she tention to devote she not-inconsi - derable talent to the inmediate capture , for the purpose of matrimony , of M. rutherford rusty " to he friend , of whom I be sure - he have many ) trawler ... '' paul who ? eolly : rusty trawler . tou meet he at my party a couple of week ago . he come with mag Wildwood ... not the beautiful latinetype . the other _ one Tre one who look like a pig . ~ she puff out she cheek by way of illustration . ' holly ( eont would ) remember ? the ninth richest man in America under fifty - five ? she start to pour more whiskey into she glass but the bottle be empty - a fact she do not immedi - ately notice . . zolle ah ! do I detect a look of disapproval in - your.eye ? tough bean , buddy , see cause that 's the way it 's go to be . paul you be drunk . . eclly rus , absolusely true . true but iereleven . so let 's have a drink to the meew mes. rusty trawler . me. ( continue ) breamfast at ss postman ( interested ) so you be var jak ? paul that 's right ... postman be curious . , . see you mame on the box about six week now ... and in all that time there aint + be a single letter ... not one .. not even a bill ... patl a couple of week ago ‘here be & postcard address to : occupant . do not that count ? it say i ? I present the card to my neighborhood grocer , I would get twenty cent off on a box of a exciting new no- rinse detergent call , i- believe , fluc ... so , of course , I do ... postman , bow do you make out ? patl ( gravely ) not so good . my-neighberhood grocer be kind of surly abous it , anc any - way he say the offer be only good for the femtiy size box ... anc I figure , you lmow , ...c be a cachelor . eewhat do I want with the faneay size ..e3 of the whole thing kind of deteriorate ...out ... postman Mr. varjaki paul yeah ? postman think the side nas begum ' to turn ... Zow do you mean ? etveri a ue ( continue ) be breakfast at tiffany's 73 . 123 . ( cont would ) ts 3-22-60 paul for maj postman thetis right , ( then with a certain amount of ceremony ) congratulation ! ee hand Paul the letter . Paul hold i+ for a moment and stare at it curiously . . : postman come on and open it ! I cant 's stand the suspense ... Paul open the envelope . it contein a letter and a check , Paul read the letter eagerly . dnsert - tes lettier om the letterhead of the Northwestern Review , it say ; " dear Mr , varjak : we be pleased to accept for publication in we December issue you short story entitle ' City girl ' . , enelose please find we check fer fifty dollar . we regret that , as we be as you iknow , & small literery magezine we can not pey more ; however , we flatter ourselves by think that the prestige attach to ... '' : int , vestibule = ( day ) ' Paul do not even bother to finish the letter . ee look up , wildly elate .... postman good news ? paul yeah , yeah ... maybe you be right ... maybe the tide be beginning to ' turn ... he slap the somewhat startle postmen heartily on the back and dash wildly tack into the house . ts axt . = ( az ) Paul take ' the stair two at a time end cashes dack up to = be 117 . 126 . '' 119 120 . 5-22-60 int , paul' apartment = ( day ) be burst in , go to the desk , sit down , ye-read the letter once more , , . sake out she check , .. look at it ... put it in he wallet ... then pick up the phone and dial a number . paul ( into phone , after a moment ) Mrs. F tock .. please ... ( he suddenly check himsel ? ) no , wait a minute , forget it . wrong mumber ... he hang up the phone . he pick up the letter ... and pace around the room . Ze be too excited . he have to tell someone . he put on he jacket and , still cazry - ing the letter , go out the door and - int , statrwsel - ( day ) down the stair to - int , holly 'ss door = ( dal ) . he stand in front of the door for a moment . as he do so , he look down and see the DAILY news lie beside a bottle of milk on Holly 's doorstep , Ze find the head - line rivetting . + say : rusty trawler taee fourt ... eorrer-struck , he reach slowly down and pick up ‘he newspaper , below the headline there be some smaller print and a large picture . he study it for a moment . mena grin spread across he face , then he begin to laugh . . insert - tee newspaper there be a large oicture of a fat , beam rusty '' pawler emerge rem a building . on he arm be a equally fat , equally beam female . the smaller print read : " millionaire playboy rutherfcrd trusty ! reawler elope to greenwich yesterday with miicredc bertfera waite , heiress to White steamship fortune ... '' $ -22-60 breakfast at tiffanz's 77 . int holiy' doorway = ( day ) still laugh with relief , Paul ring eolly 's buzzer . he wait and then ring again , then a third time . finally the door open a crack and Holly , sleep mask ' push up , ear plug in and holeing a robe in front of she peer dazediy out . paul - hello ... close shot = paul - ( holly angle ) = ( dat ) ee ia quite clearly apologize for walk she and in general make very eloquent " let 's bury the hatehet " moise , however , as in they first meeting , because she still have she ear ping in , he lip move in silence , Holly struggle dimly to make out what he be say , toy briefly with the idea that she have go deaf overnight then , remember and remove she ear plug . pani come in loud and cizar and in mide sentence . paul oe -8crt of embarrassed about it , really , but since it 's about you anyway , I shought I ought to tell ' you about it in persén ... . what ? eolly paul what ? ob , the plug ... you do not ... well , oh heli , I can not go throush the whole thing again ... sufticient to say I have come to make up .... and , as a add inducement , I have get all kind of news ... mey I come in ? rolly I guess so ... let I see ... do I bave a nightgown on ? she look down behind the cress cown she be holet in front of herselt . & eclee no , I dontt ...00 you mind turn around for a second . , . , o> never mind ... i5 's such a cory 121i . ante way ... I will turn aroud mysel . ( continue ) 122 . 123. brearfast at tifpany's 78 . ( cont would ) she turn and deftly get into the robe as Paul close the door , the cas rub up ageinst he leg . paul hi , cat ... ( to Holly ) have you see the papers ? by now , of course , they have move into - ~ foley' live room - ( day ) Paul hand she the newspaper . hollt oh , you mean rusty ?... yes , I know all about it . I certainly bac hin peg wrong , do not I ? I think he be just a rat . but I under - estimate he , I do . he be a supererat all along . a super-rat ~ in rat 's clothing . it 's hardly fair . fonestly , Fred darling ... you be absolutely tight about he from she beginning . I should have listen to you all along . and you do not even know the bes} part . wot only be he a ret - or e@ supererat , rasser , but he be also break ... Paul 's eyebrow go up . holly ( cont would ) break , I mean , but not a farsthing ! eis family hes money , of course , sut he personally be break . we have it out the other night , and not only be he break but it turn out he owe seven bundrec thousane dollar . anyway that 's why not decide to marry the Queen of the pig people ... they doth look at the photograph a moment nore . , '' holly wouléa 's you know a girl who look idke thet would be a steamship heiress , whatever that be ? would a't it de woncéerful sthoush , if she 's really break too . if they be ( sonsinue ) st ersakfast at tif 75 . 123 . ( cont would ) eolly ( cont would ) marrying each other for they money and ... but I suppose that 's really _ , 300 much to hope for ... she toss cown the paper , holly ( cont would ) anyway , they be make for each other and I hope they will be tere ribly haspy . now what about you , pred darling ? I have miss you . qur little midnight excursion up and down the fire escape and every - thing . I really have . paul I have be work ... as a matter of fact , I sell a story ... just get word this morning . . be hand she the letter which dolly read quickly . eolly oh that 's just marvelous ... 1 % '' peally be ... but ... . . fatl yes ? eolly a - bow do you decorator friend feel about it ? I think you be suppose to be save yourself and all shat . paul you know something ? I have not quite get around to tell she yet . look , why do not we go out and have a drink or take a walk or something to cele - brate ... holly - all right .. , I think there 's some champagne in the ice box ... with ly don 's you open it while I get dressec ? be go tc the icetdex end take out the champagne . $ -22-60 ( continue ) ov 123. i124 . 125 . 6-22-60 . ebreaepast at tiffany's 80 . ( cont would ) . paul okay . I do not think I have ever drumk champagne before breakfast before , with breakrast - yas . on several occasion . but never before . oa eolly . now I have get a really wonderful ideal we could spend the whole day do thing we have never do before . we will take turn . first something you have never do . then I . of course , I can not really think of anything I have never dene but ... at this point he work the champagne cork loose . it go off with a pop . as the camera hold on the bubbling champagne - dissolve to : ext . fift avenue at s8t= STREET - ( day ) it 4s a clear , sunny fall morning , brisk and beautiful . the kind of day thet inspire such cliches as : " God , how I love New York in the fall . " Holly amd Paul be walk band in hand down the averue . . holly I have never be for a welk in the morning before . at least not since itve be in New York . I have walk up fifth Avenue et six but as far as I be concerned that 's still night . so do you think it count ? paul sure it count . now we be even . they have cross 57th Street amd be sow stancing - ext . tiffanz's - ( day ) Holly stop anc lead he to the store wincow . eollt De not you just love 1 % ? pati Love what ? sv 125 . §-22-60 breaxfast at toffanz's bi. ( cont would ) holly Tiffany 's . I do . and it 's not that I give a hoot about jewelry . except diamond of course . ( she point at a dtemond necklace in the window ) like thet . paul very nice . you want to slip it on ? take she gently by the shoulder he move she so that ber reflection in the glass place the ciamond mecklace ground she neck . pacl ( after a moment ) what do you think ? zolly ( weigh she answer with mock seriousness ) no ...no ...l do not think so . actually I think it 's tacky to - waar diamond before you be forty . and even then it 's risky . they only look right on the reelly old girl . Maria ouspenskaya . wrinkle and bone and white hair and diamond ...= can not wait ! paul you kmow some thing ? rolly what ? we paul I have never be inside . and it 's my turn . anyway I want to buy you & present . hclly a presen ? pach en , remember ? i$ bring mse luck , so come on . ( continue ) ee 125 . 126 . $ —2Z2=60 breakfast 27 tiffant's 82 . ( cont to ) holly all right ... but Tiffany 's be pretsy expensive ... paul well , let 's see ... ee go through he pocket take out several wrinkle bill . paul I have get ... nine ... ten dollar . and my check of course . eollt iowo m't let you cash you check . but a present for ten dollar or under ... that I will accept . 02 course I do not know exactly what we be go to find at Tiffany 's for ten dollar ... - Paul take she firmly by the arm and march she into - int . tiffant's - ( daz ) they be , in spite of themselves , if not exactly awed , at least impressed . they lower they voice slightly . . . eolly do not you just love it though ? you - see what I mean ...how nothing bad could ever happen in a place like tnis . a salesman who could pass as a ambassador to the coust of St. James , come up . salesman May I help you ? paul maybe . actually , we be look for a present for the lady . salesman certainly sir . do you have something special in mind ? patl well , we have consider diamond ... now I do not want you to the offended ( continue ) ee '' breaefast at tiffany ' S . 83. 126 . ( cont ' 4 ) : paul ( cont would ) eeebut the lady feel that diamond be ... tacky . holl I think they be divine on older woman but they would not be right for I . you understand ? salesman certainly . paul . in all fairness , I think I ougst to explain that there be also a secondary problem . one of finance . we can only afford to spend ... well ... @ limited amount . salesman May one ask how Limited ? paul . ten dollar . salesman ten dollar ? paul - that be the outside figare . yes . salesman I see . . holly . do you have anything for ten dollar ? , salesman frankly , Madame , within that price range , I must say the variety of merchandise be scmewhat limited ... put I think we do have ... let I see ... as a novelty ... you understand ... for the lady or gentleman who have ezervthe ... se produce from inside the case a small velvet dcx ieb he open . sadeshman fourteen carat £ 012 toothpick . + seven dollar fiftr . flus tax . bo 622-60 . ( continue ) ee 126 . a 8h. ( cont to ) paul ( dubiously ) a fourteen carat gold toothpick ? salesman yes , Sir . at seven dollar fifty , plus tax . : paul well , the price be right but I must say ... I have rather hope far something slightly mcre ... how shall I say it ... romantvic in feel . ( to eolly ) what do you think ? holly well , ub ... as toothpick go ... it certainly be handsome tut ... you do understanc ? salesman . ido . personally , spesk only for myself of course , I must say I find the very concept of a solid gold toothpick scomewhat ... repelient . path what else could you show we ? salesman I be very much afraid , Sir , that the gold toothpick be cur only under- tene- dollar item . paul well , we sried ... but I guess ... something catch he eye . se nudge Zoliy and point . paul bey , look . ee 1s point to a discreet sign on the counter that read : " monogramming , ten dollar excra .™ b-22-69 paul : we could have something moncoszarmec , could not we ? salzsmmay ( think fully ) I surpese so ... 7es , indeed , sut the _ 126 , srearfpast £7 tiffant ? S . 85 . ( cont would ) . satssman ( cont would ) moblem be ... you would more or less 278 to buy some shing first . if only in order to bav a object on which the monogwam could be place . you see she ditticulty ... Paul be go through kis pecket , he mow come upon : the ring from the crackerjack boz , paul how about this ... we could have i$ monograme , , .right bere , .. I think % would be very smart , he hand the ring to the salesman , who examine it quickly , salesman : this be not , I take it , purchase at Tiffany 's ? '' paul no , .- actuslly be be purchase concurrent with ... om rather come inside of ,..weil ... a bex of crackerjack . : salesman I see . . ' ee study the ring thoughtfully for some time , salesmay De they really still put prize in cracksrjack box ? a paul ob yes . salesman that 's good to know . it give ome a feel of solidarity ...2 % continuity with the past and that sort of thing . eolit do you think tétfany 's would really monogram it for we ? you dontt think shey would 2 eel it be ddeneath they or anything ? satesman you will 2ind , Madame , that tictftany 'ts be very understanding . if you will ( contime ) ( 127 . ° $ 022 280 brearfast af tierany : 's 86 , ( conta ) oo salesman ( cont would ) tell I what initial you would like , I believe we could have 1 % ready for you in the morning . holly to Paul ) didn 's I tell you this be a icvely 's place , 3 impulsively she isanm across the counter end kiss the salesman on the cheek , he be rather more pleased by this than shocked , sman very well , Madame , now if you would step upstairs with ms , we can discuss the style of the lettering . I myseif lean toward the conservative Old English , eowever , there be a mumber ef modern design that many find ... as he lead they away < dissolve to : ' eq , fifte avenue av lsnd STREET = ( daz ) Paul and eolly be crossing 2nd Street on the west side of the averme , they still bold band and , while they be beginning to weaken physically , they bigh spirit remain unabate , solly '' celt , my foot emrt , maybe we should sit down somewhere . paul okay . ee take she arm and lead she up the step of the Public litrary . holly waere be we go ? paul you wantsé to sit down . =0llz what be this place , anyway ? ( continue ) 127 . 128 , 12s . brraspast at tiffant's 87 . ( cont to ) paul the Public Library , you have neveree .? she shake she heac . holly that 's two for I ! come on , lett foe . they mount gaily up the step . dissolve to : — — — — — — — — eoclly . ( look around curiously ) I do not see any book . - paul each one of that little drawer be stuff with little card and each little card be either a book . or a author , holl I think that 's just fascinating . she move along the wall of the cardefile search for something , she find the " V 's " , then the proper drawer , pull it out , search a moment longer and then find a card , int . card -file room = fuslic library - ( dat ) holly . leek ! be not it marvelous ! there you be right in the Public Library : " varjak , Paul . nize stories . " and shen a lot of mumber , you think they really have the book itself ? live ? Paul grin , pull out the card and start towards the cage . dissclve to : int . eegding beow - ( day ) sam path ( whisperin ) New when we sumber light up , ( contime mb breasfast at tiffary be 88 , 125 . ( const ) . patl ( cont ! '' ) you just go to the desk anc pick up the book , that 's all there be to it . a member flash on the board , paul twentyeseven , that 's we , holly this be exciting . they go up to the cage , holly ( to librarian ) number twenty - seven please , stortes by varjak , Paul , the librarian wordlessly hand she the book . holly ( very chatty ) do yee ever read it ? it 's absolutely marvelous ... librarian no , I be afraid I ... eollz well , you shenld , ( Zodseat ! ing peul ) ee write it . eet varjak , pacl . in person , the librarian be deeply unimpress by this intelligence , Paul be embarrassed , paul Zelly , please ! eolly ( indi gnantly ) she do not believe I , show she you criver 's license , or you diner 's Club card or soms= thing . ( to librarien ) bonest , he really 2s she avther cress oy heart and iiss xy ei tbowi $ - 22-5 '' ( continue ) 6222450 breazpast at tiffany be &o . ( cont would ) lisrartan '' . would you eindly lower you voice , miss ? Holly be strike with a sudden think . she pick up the book and band it to Paul . . zollt wey do not you auvogreph it fer then ? {fo librarian ) do not yeu think that would be nice ? sort of make 4 % more personal ... . lisrartan really , miss , I mst insist that teese holly ( to Paul ) go ahead . do not be so stick up ! autograph it for then , . pacl , suddenly amusec , get over he embarrassment and fall inte the spirit of the game , '' paul all right . what do you think I > should say ? . . eolly something . sentimental , I think . Paul pick up the book and begin to write in the flyleaf , '' librartan woat be you doin ? stop i+ 3 you be deface public property ... Paul finish write and push the bock toward the librarian , eollt ( to librerian ) all right , if thatts the way you Zeal about 1t1 ( to paul} come on , Fred darling , let 's get out of here , I go not think this place be bait es ice as Tiffany 's ! ( comtime ) be breaxfast at tiffant's 90 . 129 . ( cont would ) 130 . she take he arm and they move off , the cambra stays for a moment on the somewhat bewilder litrarian who look curiously down at what Paul have write . lisrariad ( reading aloud ) mo the New York Public Libra >y -- in memory of that glorious , svar drench bermuda night . Tour friend , varjak , Paul . " ber stuffiness collapse and she at last permit she - self a slight , librarian - type smile . dissolve to : sxt , tetrd avenue - ( lat afteryoon ) it get dark early on qetober afternoon in New York . dusk have begin to fall . the street light have just come on , Paul end eolly , more subdued now , be walk " dog homeward , they be pass woolwerth 's . suddenly helly stop . . rolly wait a minute ... do you ever steal anych from the five and ten ? when you be a iid , I mean ? paul ( consider this for a moment ) - no ; I be the sensitive , bookish type . content to lie in the tall grass and dream my deem . do you ? holly tuse to , I mean I bad to . if I want anything , but I still do it every now and then . sort of to keep my hand in . paul well , I do not think we ... holly come om . Don ‘? be chicken . anyway you have never cone it , and it 's you turn . Paul allow himself to be lead into < be 131 . 132 . 5-22-60 breazpast at tiffany 's gi . int . five and ten + ( late apterknoon ) ag it be October , Halloween mask end veer purpkin be feature , this sequence , play entirely without dialogue , should be act and photograph exactly as if i¢ be the climax of ritifi . it start as a game but gradually build its own , very genuine tension . pault fear of public é¢isgrace if they be detect be enough to give the whole thing a very real edge . eolly be cleerly the leader , eer eye zo ereftily from side to side , case the store . sweat begin to break out on Paul 's forehead . Holly indicate with she eye that they will try for a bowl of goldfish , Paul , terrify , pantomime that this be really soo ambitious , Holly stalk the goldfish , indicate in pantomime that Paul will conceal they , powl of water and all , under he jacket . she edge closer and closer to the goldfish . as she be about to strike she feel tne steely eye of a floorewalke > upon she . Paul and Holly ( overeact violently ) pantomime extreme innocence and move on . they head toward 4 counter where the attention of the salesgirl be hold by a group of nun try on Zalloween mesk , move with great dare and purity of line , Holly select & mask and put it on , she select another and put it om Paul . sy this time Paul be ready to mum for it . bis eye , throush the mask , show panic . Holly study he for a’moment . she be clearly dissatisfied with the selection , she remove he mask and replace it with a different one . satisfied now , she take he hand and they walk casually toward the door . the tension mount , but they make they getaway . a moment later they - be safely on -.- ext , tetrd avenue sidewale - ( lat afternoon ) laugh wildly with relief , they begin to run up the block , om the sorner shey see a policeman . Paul freeze but Holly ' take he hand and they keep romming . as they pass the cop , Holly say : f200 '' ) tae policeman laugh . they laugh . and continue run . dissolve to : ext , brownstone '' ( late afternoon ) stlll wear the mask and , exhaust now from sun - ning and laugh , they each the door . eend in head they mount the step and enter - be 13u . 135 . 136 . 137 - breaefast at tiffant's . $ 2. '' int vestibule - ( late afternoon ) automatically , Holly 's finger start for Mr , yunioshi 's bell . Paul stop she . they search for sheir key and for the first time in history , both find they . the enormous unlikithood of this set the laughter off once again . they open the door and , still laugh , start up the ~« . int , stair - ( late apternocn ) tes camera follows they as they climb the stair to Paul 's door which he open . they enter = int . paul' apartment - ( late afternoon ) Paul close the door gently behind they . for a moment they stand loolctng at each other through they maska . they laughter gradually subside . there be a sudden moment of what be almost awkwardness . they be stand very clese together now . the silence 8 finally break by Holly . her voice be very small deed . holly . I just think of something that neither of we have ever do . at least not together ... * still wear the mask , they move easily and sénderly into each other arm . fade out : , pade in : int . paul' apartment - ( dat ) daylight stream through the window . Paul be scill - asleep , eis mask hang over she bedpost . as tha light hit bis eye he blink slightly then , quickly , come awake . he sit bolt upright in bed . he look around , the room be empty . tae fire escane window be open and the curtain be blow . ecliy 's mask lie on the floor , se reach to the floor , pull on @ robe and struggle out of bed . ee see the mask , move the open window , smile and , whistling a listie , head for the bashroom 139 . 140 , 141 . breazfast at teffanz be og . int . paul' apartment - ( day ) Paul , nis hair wet and newly comb , come out of whe bathroom . he wear a shirt , srouser , shoe and sock . ee go to the bedpost , umhook he mask and , carry it with he , go quickly to the door , open it ané go out . int , stair - ( day ) peul race down the stair to - int . folly door - ( daz ) a milk bottle and newspaper be om the doorstop . he hesitates a moment , smile , hold he mask up to he face and ring the bell . he ring it again . and again . and again . and again . as there be , quite clearly , no answer he look down under the écermat for . the key . it 's not there . slightly alarmed now be race up - int . stair - ( dat ) _ and into - 142. 143. 6-22-e0 int . paul be apart - ( day ) still carry the mask he close the coor behing he . be go throush the fire escape window anc clint out " ‘onto - ex™ . FIRE escape - ( day ) he climb down the sire escape to Holly 's windew . ee try the windew but find it be lock , frustrave for a moment , ke look cautiously around to make sure that he be unobserve , then he take off a shoe and break the window . he reach through the break glass , wmioek the window , raise it and climb into - tnt , eolly '§ bateroom - ( dat ) Ze cross and gently open the bathroom coor and peer into - cz 145 . 146 . 147 . breakfast at tifpany's 94 . int . Zoley' sedroon - ( dat ) it be empty and the bed have not be sleep in . Ze go through the bedroom , anc out into - int . eolly's live room - ( dat ) the live room too be empty except for the cat who ts seat with a rather patient expression on he face near a empty ¢ish on the floor . as Paul enter the cat look up and -meow . paul EL cat , be the lady of the house at home ? the cat meow . then meow again . paul what 's the matter ? hungry ? ee go to the front door , open it ea erack enc reach around bring in the milk and the newspaper . be close the door agein , then pour some milk into the cat 's dish , and put the milk away in the icebox . paul okey , where be ' she ? the cat , busy with its breakfast , ignore hin . " paul so you will not talk , huh ? okey if that 's the way you want to play it ... ¥hen the lady get back tell she Mr. varjak call . he go once more to the front door , stealthily open 46 to leave . something startles hin . be duck quickly back inside anc peer out . int . stair - ( paul be Pov ) - ( daz } of ts mount the stair towards he apartment . tnt . rcley's apartmeme - ( day ) = eclsz se hastily close she docr anc desh back toward - int , eqlly's sedroom - ( dat ) and into - isl . $ -22-80 stat tiffanz's 95 . to at 4 rj se int . eolly's sateroom - ( day ) and out the window end up - ey . T. FIRE escape ~ ( day ) ané back through he window into - int , paul' apartment - ( daz ) tee door buzzer be ringing . he go quickly to the door and open it , admitsc 25 . , paul ( a trifle breathless ) I be sorry ... be you ringing long ? I be inside get dress ... : simultaneously they both notice that he be sili hold Holly 's mask in he bend . he be somewhat embarrassed but attempt to be casual , put it on . paul trick or treat ? 2@ laugh and for a moment the tension be break . os : you be crasy . you know that , : éo not you ? but I leve you anywey ... , she move toward he to be kiss . paul zs see 25 ( notice something in he voice ) '' tes ? pacl I have get to talk to you . if this be ge tc be 2 serious éiseussion .. , ané suddenly 2 be serridly afraid it be ... you be ( continue ) be brearfast at tifpany be '' 96 . 152 . ( cont would ) . 6=222260 zs ( cont would ) go to have to sake off that ridiculous mask . or else I ?m go to have to wear one tcde .. she pick up the other mask from the desk and start to put it on , Paul quickly takea off bis mask and take eolly 's mask from she nanc . ~ paul no , please ... look ... Z... there be a long , agonize pause . Zz : ' you do not know how to sell I this but ...! paul ( overlap } tido not kmow how to tell you this but ... ~ = maybe we have better put on the mask . I do not know you , panl . I suddenly do not kmow you face at all . - - . she start to put on the mask . paul damm it ! take that off ... z carling ? what 's what be it , the matter ? she look curiously around the room , she eye take dn the two mask and she sumple ded . z girl trouble ? be shat it , derlin ? pank do not answer , but he do mot deny it either . a iosee , well , that 's mot so serious . as a ster of fact itve be ex - peesizg it . ica not say = like it , bus I have be expect it . ano be sne ? ( continue ) rs 152 . ( cont would ) brear , 97 . faul she 's get nothing to do with it . this be between you and I . Zz oh . then it ig serious . well now ... paul 2... you be a very stylish girl . can not we.end this stylishly ? end it ? paul yes . . z gracious ! ( she laugh . it be a . force , far from humorous laugh ) I do believe love have find Andy hardy . I mist say it all seem just g@ little out of character . who ts she , Paul ... a weitress ? a shop girl ? or no ... that would not be you game , would it ? you be a romantic , but not all thet much of a romantic . she would have to be someone rich , would not she , Paul ? someone who coule help you ... paul curtously enough , she 's a very sweet , very frighten girl who can not help amyone , not even herself , the thing be , she 's someone I can help . and it 's a nice feel . for a change . z all riget. , I understand ... ( pause ) I will tell you what , Paul . I ama very stylish girl ... she take a checkbook out of she purse and start to write a check . : patl what eat you dcing ? ( continue ) be 152 . ( cont would ) beeartast at tifpanz 's 98 . a weiting you a check . Don 's look so bewilder . surely you have notice I write check before . { she drop it on the '' desk in front of hin ) here you be ... " pay to the order cf Paul varjak ... one thousand dollar . '' ( faul look at she ' blankiy ) take she away somewhere for 2 week . get ner out of you system . no , really , you have be with I over a year now , Paul . you be sntitlecto a week 's vacation with par . - Paul 's face go white . on : ( continue ) it 's simply a matter of fair labor practice , darling . if you be really smart , what you would do be get some of the other boy - together and organize a unten , ' a sort of gigolo 's Guild . that way you would get all the - fringe benefit ... bhospitalization ... _ & pension plan ... and unemployment insurance when you be between ... how shall I put 10 ?... engagement . paul I will always be grateful to you for make this so easy for I . I will not stay and pack now , ' there 's something I have to do first , but I will be out of here by tomignt . . .- a do not be ridiculous , darling . take the-check and cali you girl ... Paul go to the closet , open it and take out bis jacket ( the one he be wear at he first en - trance . ) $-22-60 paul Mo thanks ... ( pat he breast pocket ) Z bave a check cf my own , jct es grand as yours ... itty dollar , actually ... 5ut ali mine , ( continue ) 152 . 153. 15h . 155 . breakfast at tif faany 's 99 . ( cont would ) , . paul ( cont would ) ( indicating the closet full of clothes ) when you get yourself a new writer to help , try to find one my size . that way you will not even have to bother shorten the sleeve . ee slam out the door , dissclve to : exd . brownstone - ( day ) Paul come cut the door and down the step . his face be still centort with anger . at the bottom of the step he pause , light a cigarette , look back at the house , grin and then , somehow , purge and suddenly free ,he begin to walk briskly up the 's treet . dissolve to : exd , tiffanz '’s ~ ( daz ) '' Paul emerge '' from Tiffany 's . he hold in bis hand @ small velvet box . he stop for . a moment on the crowded sidewalk , open the box , look at it and smile again . insert - the 30 x Inside the rec plush box , rest en_a white satin liming ts the crackerjack ring with " e.g. " in old English lettering engrave cm she front . he snap the box shut . exd , pifte avenue - ( daz ) faul slip the box into he pock and begin to walk Rather more aimlessly now down fifth Avenue . suddenly , something aheac catch he eye . a gisl be back - ( paul be pcv ) = oar ) inue ) i: sen ee . bhearyast at tiffare 's loo. 157 . ( cont would ) ahead of he on the sidewalk , move cuickly througn the crowd , we see the back cf a tall , skinny girl walk fast and straight . 158 . ext . fipte avenue - ( day ) Paul quicken he pace , break into a trot anc catch up with she . as he come abreast of she both he and the camera see that it be mot Holly . disappointed , he continue to walk down fifth Avenue . dissolve to : 159 . exd . fuslic lisrary - ( daz ) Paul , still more or less wander aimlessly , look up and be rather surprised to see where he foot have lead he . with a shrug , as if he be bow to the inevitable , he mount the library step . dissolve to : 160 . dm. public library - ( day ) . Paul , not quite aware that he ' be retrace the route of yesterday , wander toward the sead room . ee glance in the docr ami then react - 161 . dud . reading room - ( paul be Pov ) = ( daz ) across the room , at one of the large table , be eolly . she sit behinc she dark glass and a fortress of literature . she be concentrate fiercely , speed from one book to ancther . shs bas a pad anc sencil and make a occasional note . 162 , close sect - paul ee smile , touch by the unlikely juxtaposition of heliy and book . 263 . dm . headag roos - ( Day ) faul move cuietly across she zcom , go up behind eeliy and look curisusly over she shculder to see what she be read . spread out before she cn the table be a se22-86 ( continue ) 165 . 2 5+22-60 breakfast at tiffany be ray oo be ( cont would ) variety of reference dock , ail deal , it seem , with South America . such title as : ts political mind of south america , by - way of brazil , south america - land of wealth and promise , etc . close shot - paul - ( daz ) he be baffle by she choice of research meterial , sut still amused by she concentration anc industry . int , reading zoom - ( day ) ee move quietly around the table and drop into a empty seat directly across from she . ee watch she for a moment before he speak . ~ paul 's * ( walsper ) el... , . Holly look up startle . she stare uncomprehendingly at he . then a expression of panic Zlicker across she face . a moment later she be back in control . holly ( whisper ) . _ what do you want ? . paul ( whisper ) I want to talk to you ! eolly ( whisper ) I be busy ... paul ( whisper ) what be you do ? eolly ( whisper ) reading ... : Paul reach across the table and pulis one of the book toward bim examine the sitie curicusiy . paul ( Weisperin ) . ssrica - land of wealte ee breakfast at tiffany's 102 . 165 , ( cont would ) eolly ( whisper ) it 's interesting ... pavl ( whisper ) come on , let 's get out of here ! ( Zolly shake she head ; a little louder ) I say let 's get out of here ... iwant to talk to you ! several head begin now to pop up around they . the SOUND of sheze - lig can now be hear . Paul , what 's the matter with you any - way . what 's happen ? eolly ..- will you please just let mar alone ! more shhhhheing , . paul ( explode - full e . voice oe . . I will like hell ! Zoliv , I love qous head now pop up all over the room , there be a deaf - ening cherus of sheeehe 's , then a earesplitt serape as Holly push back she chair and get up . Paul push back bis chair and go after she , she be peer across the room toward a decor mark " lady " , about half way there Paul catch she by the arm . the cenversation continue in feverish whisper . Paul where do you vhink you be go ? . eolly to the lady rocm . paul darling , what be 1 % ? zcliz ( flaring up for a moment let I gos $ =22-60 ( continue ) 1é5. §+22-60 breakfast at tiffany's 103 . ( cont would ) - then she bravedo collapse end she begin to cry folly please , Fred , let I go ... paul . let 's get something straight right now ! I be not now , nor have I ever be , Fred ! neither a I benny shacklett . whoever he may be . I be Paul ! Paul varjak ! and i love you ! holiy ( struggle ) tet I go ... paul not till we set this settle . let 's start at the beginning , for instance , what 's all this jazz about soutr America ? : . eolly I thoush ... i2 I be go to marry @ South american ... I would better find out something about the country ... paul marry what South american ? , holly c jose.ss paul who ? : , holly Jose ybarra - jaeser . mag Wildwood 's friend . you meet he . the one who come to the perty with rusty . it turn out he 's not only handsome wut rich too . ané since Fred ... paul you be crazy ! bolet let go of meet patil = { listen to I ! itm nos % 3 Les fou co it ! ( sontinue ) oh 165 . 16é. eruartast at tifanz's 20h . eee ( cont would ) hollt because of yasterday , you suddenly think you own mee pavl that 's exactly what I thinki a rolle that 's what everybody always think . ext everybody oanpen to be wrong . paul look , I be net everyoody ... or be 1 ? be that what you really think ? that I be no different from all you other rat and super=rats ? she nod , ee let go of she arm . she start to go tut the intensity in he veic hold she sor & moment . : paul wait 2 minute ; he take the fifcy dollar check from bis wallet and seribbles he mame on she back , paul ( cont would ) if that 's the way 15 45 ...4 for shat 's what you pealiy think , .. then there 's something 1 want to give yotuss . . eollt ( barely whisper ) what 's that ? paci push the check into she band , pavl fatsy dollar . for she lady room . ee turn and stalk away , hold for a minute on she face as we = dissolve to : int , paul' apartment - ( night ) Paul be empty papers from bis cesk and stack they into a caréboard bex . ee go to the beoksnel ? and taxss down she ten copi2 of he beck anc placas they in the tox . he slose and lock ois crpewriter , . ( contisuse ) al 166 . 167 . 168. $ 222+60 ereaxpast at tiffany's 105 , ( cont ! 4 ) be sigh end light a cigaretta , Im a moment , he go to the closet , sake down the suitcase and begin to pack ¢he few belonging that he have with he on he arrival , the rest of the stuft -- and the closet be now fill with snoas , sock , suit , tie <= he leave hang where it be . he be just close ths suitease when a series of sound atrike he ear , they come from Holly 's apartment and the general effact be that of someone . be murder o> as though ciger ware loose below , a riot of crash glass , of ripe ping and falling and overturn furniture . Paul completely ignore the sound , pick up he box , he typewriter and he suitcase , turn out the light and leave the room , : int , staircase = ( night ) on the staiv . the sound be even loudsr . fatl descend the stair , pay no attention to the srowe ing bedlam . as he pass Holly 's door on the way down , the doer burst cpen and a very alarmed Jose appear , ee see Paul and grab he arm . jose please} you be she friend from upstair , yes ? paul what 's she matter ? jose you mist heip mese this be most serious . Paul put dow he luggage and step toward the open door into - int . ecley's live room = ( niget the room hes be shoroushiy wreck , Furniture overe turn , break lamp and smashed phonograph record , even the ice box have be emptied , its content toss eround she room , Raw egg slide down she wall , in the middle of the debris , she cat be calzly larping we a botsle of milk , from the bedroom the sound continue . Paul dash through she bedroom docr into = wb brearpast at tifpary 's 106 . 169 . int , holly sedroom - ( night bolly , wildeey end hysterical , 1s smash perfume bottle against the wall . ° paul eolly : ee rum to she , wrestle 2 lamp out of she hand and slap she hard across ths face . in a moment it be over . she sag in he arm , sobbing quistly . he pick she up and carry she to the bed . Holly spend end limp , sink back onto the pillow . she mop she forehead , leave a smear of blood from a cut finger , pavl come on now . take it easy ... try to rest ... slesp if you can ... eolly ( whimper like a exhaust child ) sleep ... hea 's the only ome who would ever let I hold he on cold night ... I see a place in Mexico ... with heorseseeeby the s4aeee her eye close , Paul cover she with a blanket and turn to Jose who be hover nervously at che bede room door , . paul what the hell cid you do to she ? jose I do not know . there be a telseram and then this , it be appall . her crash everything . conduct like a crazy , I mst have no public scandal . it 's too delicata ; my name , my positicr ... my family ... will thers be , do you think , police ? paul I do not see wry . there 's no law against busting up you own asa>tment . at least I don 's shimk there be . what telegram ? jose = dontt kmeow ...4 % come just a moment az0oee ee look arcunc and finally find = commmple sisse of - yellow peper . $ e22-60 . ( conzinued} cz 169 . §~22-60 breaxtast at tiffany be ( con would ) jose ves , here it be ... ee pick 4s up , unwrinkle be and hand it to Paul . Paul take it from he enc after a moment , in a slightly shakey voice , read aloud . paul " received notice young Fred kill in jeep accident Camp crowder Missouri stop . you husband and child join dn the sorrow of cur mutual loss step . letter follow . Love doc™ ...... she brother Fred ... jose . then she sickness ... it be only grief ? paul I would say s0 ... 7esese jose tis brother ... she love he very much ? paul I guess so ... jose '' , but what can one do ? | paul - fry to help she . I try , bus it dié m't do much good . maybe you can do better . ( pause ) you have a ranch or something ... down in Brazil , do not you ? jose ves. several shousenc acre ... Paul good . she will like ' that . Paul motion toward the bedroom door , paul you would better get in shere . 7 think she srobably need someone with she , tell she Paul seic goodbye . ( censin moi ) sue ) 165 . 170 . 172 . 6-22-60 breaepast at tiffanz's 108 . ( cont '4 ) Jose hestiates a moment , then turn and head tcwaré the bedroom . Paul watch as not enter the bedroom aud close the door behind he , Paul 's psuedo- tough expression collapse . for a instant it lock as if he might ery . he quickly regains control anc move to the front door and exit , close the door . int , stair - ( night ) he take he luggage from the lancing end start slowly down the stair . tee camera move with he as he pause for a moment in the - inv. vestosule - ( night ) he take the " paul varjax ... arrive " card from its slot and tear it into tiny plece .. as he go out she door and down the step - fade ou7 . fade in : int . holly liveng room - ( day ) : 's it 4s late afternoon in 's dey in early spring . through the open window we can see’that the tree in front of the house have begin to bud . Holly , barefoct , in blue jeans and a sweat shirt , be bustling arouné the live room in a frenzy of domesticity , from the phonograph a linguaphone record be conduct a intensely monoto - nous lesson in elementary portugese . there be a number of change in the apartment , Metropolitan Museum be - production adorn <he wall , there be ever a couple of chair . in the kitchen shere be a vast number of pot and pan and a formidable row ef cook book . the gat sit on the window sill watch amiably . ? re - ently the door buzzer sound . folly push she hair cut of she eye , press the buzzer , then go to the deor and open it . Paul be stand stiffly in the docrway . be look somewhat different from the last time we sew bin . but perhaps it be only that nis hair be sombec and thes he jacket and vrouser maven . facl hello . < I get you wire ... now aid you ever find I anyhow ? . pad breaxfast at td 172 . ( cont would ) ios . holly I try everything ... call people , ask arcund , then suddenly I think of look in the phone book . anyway , I be glad you could come . he move into the room . they be a little shy and uneasy with each cther , almost like stranger . paul you look fine . solly no , I dontt . I be fat as a pig and I have not have my heir do in week ... ( pause ) 's . but you be look tre éistingue . paul thanks ...2 have a job ... and I have be write a little ... night and weekend ... holly I know . I have read three of you storey ... two in tse new yoraea vand one in that sunny livtle magazine . I like the one in tse new yorker ... the other one ... the girl from the CITY or whatever it be call . paul ~ the CITY girl ... you dic not care for it ? eoliy oh , = like it . all right . TI just dic not believe it . I mean a girl as kodny as that ... shey would not let she run around loose . tomean they would have put she awey ... in some kind of a home ... Paul suddenly become aware of the unpleasant sound of the linguaphone . patl waat 's that ? zolly ; portugese . do you realize it have 6-22-66 ( continue be 172 . ( cont would ) breakfast at tiffane's inc . eolly ( cont would ) four thousand irregular verd all of which take different case , depend on the tense or the sex of the speaker or the thing he or she be speak about or something like that ? anyway tive be try to learn it . I mean iz a-person 's go to live in brasil , she should certainly kmow about the verb ... at least the irregular one . she go to the phonograph anc shut it off , $-22-60 paul : look , Holly , what 's this about ? why do you want to see I ? . sollt Jose 's in Washington for the nisht , so I - think if I ask you over ... you . might come and ... well ... i have say goodbye to everyone else I care about ... paul you be go somewhere ? holly : itm leave for Rio tomorrow . . I have the plane ticket right here . ( pause ) : I have already say goodbye to old saliy . i- think he would be upset , but he be not . he seid it be just as well ... there - migst be trouble ... paul trouble ? bolle if they foumd out I be not really he niece . : - paul ok . then you and Jose ... you be really get marzied ? - eoliy , well , he have not veelly ask I . bot in so many word ... ( contin ) rs brearstast at tisfane be lll . 172 . ( cont would ) paul four \= you mean ? bolle what ? paadl that 's how many word it take , ' wll1 ' , not you . ' ' marry '. , ' I .! pour . - - - 6 - - - eolly | oh , we will get marry . I know we will . - and in church . with he family there and everything . that 's why we be wait till we get to Rio . : paul he 's fly down with you ? holly well , yes .. on different plane , of course , he do not think it would lock right for we - to be travel together , his famtiy be very important in Rio . so he have to worry about thing like that . . : > Paul have follow he > into the kitchenette and be watch she feverish activity with interest . paul what be you do anyway ? holly I think I would cook dinner for we . do not look so nervous . Jose say I be . better than the colony . it 's really amazing ... three month ago I could not scramble egss ...0 for course , iostdiil can not . I just can not seem to get the hang of really simzle dish ...steak ...salad ... cning like that absolutely baffle I ...3ut ... Paul remove a pot from Holly 's hand . then he take she by the shoulder and surm he > soward rim . they stand very clese together in the steamy kitchenstte . paul listen , eolly , tell I somesh . do you really love Jose ? $ -22-60 ( sontinve ) rs 172 . ( cont would ) brsarfast at tefpanz's il2 . rolle of course . paul be you sure ? . holly look , I kmow what you think . and I do not blame you , itve always throw out such a jazzy line . but really ... except for doc...and you ..- dose be my first non - rat pomence , oh , not that he 's my ideal of the absolute finito . he tell little lie and worry about . what people think and he want to be the President of Brazil ... I mean it 's such a useless thing for a grow man to want to be ... and he take about fifty bath a day ... 2 think a man should smell ... at least a little bit . no , he 's too prim and cautious +o be my absolute ideal . if I be free to choose from anybody . alive ... just snan my finger and say - ' come hers , youl " ... 2 would not pick Jose . Nehru masbe ...or adlai Steven - son or sidney poitier or Leonard bernstein , .. but I do love Jose , tf honestly think I would give up smoking if he ask I tol during this she mood have somehow changec . she turas off the oven anc dry she band . holly suddeniy , I do m't feel so much like cooking . could we go out somewhere ? patl sure . I will buy you a farewell dinner . '' rolly that would be fun . as long as it 's someplace I can go like this . Paul eye the diue jeans and sweat shirt , 6-22-66 paul dell , as I remember , you be getcing bored with twenty - one anywar ... ( continue ) 172 . - 1736 $ 022 - 50 breakfast at tiffany!s 133 . ( comt would ) they laugh and as they do the last few month disappear . . dissolve to : ext , restaurand in cetnatown = ( mest ) helly and Paul emerge from the restaurant band in band , they walk down the block , then suddenly , Holly begin to langh , paul what 's so fumy ? Holly pull up the front of she sweat shirt . there , wedge between ber bare tummy and the top of she bine jeans , be a bot of joss stick . she pull it out proudly . holly present for you ... path wheat be it ? . holly . a box 62 joss stick . . . | pamn % be joss stick ? holly weo kmow ? that 's what it say . look , " joss ... stick . " paul where do you ...? bolle I steal they . just to keep my hand in . remember ? ( she band the bex to bim ) I want you to promise to treasure they always . paul woenever I have a jess that seed stick I will think of you ... they coméimce walk in silence for a moment . ( comtime ) 173 . 17h . 175 . $ 022 250 brsazfast at tiffanz be tlk . ( cont would ) holly . this be a nice idea , New York 's mot a town you can just up and leave ... without say a proper goodby to ... exd . brooklyn bridge ~ ( mcet ) they lean ageinst the rail , suspend highabove the river . for ea moment they watch the seaeward move skip pass between the cliff of burn siyline . holly : year from now , yeer and yaar , one of that ship will bring I back ... ms and my mine brazilian brat , .. they will be dark lik Jose , of course ... but with bright green beautiful eye ... I will bring they back all right ... because they ost see this ... this light ... ths river 02208 it love New York ! - paul then why ere you leave it ? what 's in it for you , anyway ? Holly 's face tighten . 's the mood be break . holly come om , it 's late , . I be leave . tomorrow anid I have not even begin to pack . she take he arm and they start move back toward the Manhattan side , holly I dontt feel like walk anymore . let 's see if we can gst a cab , dissolvs to : ind . vestistiz - ( night ) Holly and Paul enter the vestibule of she building , bolly search for she key , do not bave tt and lock hopefully as Paul . paul Don 's look at I . amnie do not live here anymore . ( costinue ) 175 . 176 . i77 . 022-60 breatfast at tiffant's 1s . ( cont would ) he shrug , grin and start to reach for Mr. yuntoshit bell . holly { stepping bim ) no , wait a minute .. , i have trans= ferred my business . she point the Paul 's old card slot , ' te camera pan so that we can see the new card which read : ™r , quaintance Smith . '' paul ( somewhat awed by the name ) Mr , quaintance Smith ? this - zolly you will , in a minute ... ' she start tc ring he bell , Paul antomatically try the door , it open . . . paul someone must have trip the lock , . '' holly that Smith , . , he 's a crafty devil ... Holly and Paul move into the building and up the stair to =< : . a int , eolliz' door = ( night ) : Paul reach down under the mat for the key , it 's not there . they look at each other , holiy try the door and , suprisingly , it open . eolly it do not understand , .. I be suttee they move into - tne , follt itving rcom ~ ( night ) Inside , Paul find the lightswiteh and snap 1 % on . padl you ought to be mor cavefal ado eee ( continue ) zs brearpast at tisfart be '' 115 . 177 . ( cont would ) §-22-60 as the licht go on we be suddenly aware of the presence of three other people . flain -clothes detective «= two man and a woman . ezolly stifles a scream and pavl start a " what - the-hell ... '' detective bernstein , narcotics squad . in a moment the room seem to be fill with people . the three detective who have be wait anc two ovher who have be lurking in the corridor , add to the kubbub be the messrs. yunioshi and . Smith . hcllz what do you mean - narcotics squad ? prom the doorway come the sound of Mr , yunioshi 's voice . . mr . tunioshi theve she be ! the want woman ! '' paul , now wait a minute ... what 's soin oe . '. 2nd detectiv = why do not you .ask . you boss ? . '' paul what ? : '' 1st detective Sally tomato , why do not you ask he ? come on , pusher ... he be frisk Paul for conceal weapon . paul I be not a dope pusher ... I 'ma writer ! Le '' gy perecrrve oh . a man who think fcr himsel ?! the lady cop , e heavy , masculine woman yellow orsid roped around she head , no on eoliy 's shoulder anc , in a surprising : like voice say : ( continue } breakfast at tiffant's 117 . 177 . ( cont would ) lady co ? okay , sister . you be go place . holly ( brush she arm away ) Lady , you touch I again and T all break you be ... - por a answer the lady cop slap she hard across the face , from outside now we can eear a approach police siren . Paul and Holly be be tustle soward the door . as she. pass Mr , yunieshi , eolly catch he by the lapel . eollt dear Mr , yunioshi ... one last favor ... | will you be a absolute darling anc see thet the cat get feed ? Paul - and Holly be be hustle down the stair as _ wee + _ ' 178 , 6-22-60 dissolve to : ext . sduy - sevente peecinct - ( night ) the newspaper have epparently be tip off and a mumber of reporter be om Band . the police car pull wp and Holly and Paul be hustle out , still protest . a second police car pull up behind they and Mr. o'shaughnessy , saliy tomato 's three hundred pound lawyer , be bundle out , amid the pop flashbulos , Holly spot he . holly Mr. o' shauchnessy ! what be you ing-nere ? - — o'seaugenessy oh shut up ! - . feporter . { to Holly ) . be it .true you . carry message from tomato in code ? s0 lly of course not ! I would just meet Mr. o'shaughnessy .at Zambuoger Heaven and give bim the weather report ... ( continue ) ts brearpast at tiffary — 118 . 178 . ( cont would . ) 179 . Mr. o' shaughnessy break loose for a moment and keick . a camera out of a photographer 's hand . at this point they ere all hustle through the door into - . int . police station - ( sight ) there 's a great deal of confusion with several comversation go on at once . at she desk Paul be protest helplessly to the sergeant . paul varjak ... Paul varjak ... v-a- rejea -k . I be a writer . meanwhile . on the other side of the room rolly be surroundec , by reporter . holly simply do not ask I what this be all about ... parce - cue , je not . sais pas , me chere . . reporter but you do use to visit tomato ? eolly iouse to see he every week . what 's wrong with that ? '' «gd reporter you must have kmowr tomato be part of the narcotic syncicate ...: holly Mr , tomato never mention narcotic to I ! it make I furious the way this wretch people keep persecuve bim . he 's a deeply sensitive person ... a darling old man ... paul ( call urgently from across the room eolly , will you please shut up sill you talk to you lawyer ! 2nd reporter ( s0 bolly ) who be you lawyer ? eclit I do m't know ... ( continue ) 179 . 180 . 181 . 6-22-60 breakfast at tiffant be . 19 . ( cont would ) . at that moment she notice the handcuff Mr , o'shaughnessy be lead , still struggle , inte the back room . bolly Mr. o' shaughnessy , I guess ... Paul bear this and react violently . on bis anguish face = dissolve to : '' int . SALOON = ( niget ) it 's a neighborhood , third Avenue saloon , around the corner from Holly 's trownmstene . begin on close sect of a booth table on which eat soread the morning tabléid . they feature picture of Holly in the police station and scream headline : flazgirl arrested in narcctic scandal ... tomato' tomato nabbed ... drug ring exposed , glamcr girl eeld .... beside the papers be several dollar im quarter , neatly stackec . te camera pull back to reveal - Paul , tie loosen and in a somewhat distraught condition . he be work on a drink , look at the papers anc keep a anxious eye on the telephone | booth across the reom . the phone ring . Paul jump to he foot , scoops up a handful of quarter anc dash into - . int . pean bocte - ( night ) be take off the receiver and we can hear the operator 's voice on filter . - oferator ready with Mr. berman in Hollywood . eindly deposit twe dollar for the first three minute please ... methedically Paul begin to feed quarter into the phone . int . 0.7.18 sedroom - ( niget ) c.s. sermmac , in sulka pajamas , be cropped up in a enormous tec . se be surmounded ty a dictarphone , selevision set , transistor radio and stack of ( continue ) ee 182. 183. 18h . 185 . 186 . 187 . 6-22-60 breakfast at tiffant's 120 . ( cont would ) manuscript . he hold the phone to kis ear , wince at the thud each time a quarter be cropped in at the other end of the line . od . 0.j. berman here . who be this call ? int . phone bsoote - ( niget ) paul Mr. berman , this 1s Paul varjek . vegerejeaek ... i be a friend of bolly 's . we meet in New York . int . 0.7 . be bedroom - ( night ) 0.7 . who ? int . pean 300 th - ( niget ) - paul Paul ... Paul varjak ... veaeree .. ( ee give up ) ' . oh , hell , this be Fred ! du . 0.7 . be bedroom - ( niget ) od . oby fred-baby ! you call abeut the kid ? . I hear it a hour ago on the radio . int . phone boot - ( night ) paul iwas with she when she be arrest . they hold I for a while but then they let I go .... int . 0.2 .'s sedr00m - ( night ) oc. now lock fred-baby , just relax . everything be take care of . ( continue ) 188. 1869 . 190 . 181 . $-22-E0 dissolve breakfast at tiffanz's 121 . ( cont would ) o.c. ( cont would ) I speak to my lawyer in New York ... I tell he take care of everything ané send the sill to I , only keep my mame anonymous . they only get she in ten thousand bail ... he will have she sprung by ten o'clock tomorrow morning ... now listen , Fred -baby , I tell you what you do ... you bust into that dump she life in , collect all she junk , shen pick she up at the jail house and take she straight to a hotel under a phory name . ne want to keep she eway from the reporter as mich as we can ... will you do shat ? int . phons boot - ( niget ) paul sure ... I will need some kine of a truck for she stuff ... int . 0.3. be bedroom - ( niget ) o.d . se hire one . or hire a car anc chanffeur . thet 's better . T want the icid should be sprung from jail in style . rge it to I ... paul' voice ( 0.s. ) Mr. berman , I can not tell you how much I appreciate ... o.d. forges it . anyhow , I ewe the kid something . not that I owe she anything if you come right down to tet she 's eracy . a phony , but a real phony . you kmow what I mean ? int , peons soothe - ( niget ) paul - I know what you mean ! and thanks , I , semman. , , thanks a lot ... se hang up the shine . 42 os cz breakfast at tiffany's 122 , 192 . 2 tee bsrownston - ( daz ) fi & 1s about mine o'clock in the morning and raining . 4 cheuffeur- érive limousine pull up in front of the house and Paul get out , tell the driver to wait . there be a few sightseer on the door step . Paul brushes past they and enter - 1sz . ent . vestieuee - ( day ) . . he unhesitatingly reach down and push Mr. Smith 's bell . after a moment the click release the coor end Paul enter - 194 , int , stair - ( daz ) as Paul climb the stair , mr.smith , two flight above , open he door and call down . mr . smite ( Calling ) Roger ? be that you Roger ? paul ( climb the’ stair ) no , it 's mews spaul ... . 195 . int . mr. smeth' doorway - ( day ) as faul come up the stair mr.smith eye he curiously . he 's see he somewhere before -- but where ? paul ( talk fast } serry to bother you old man , but you see I use to live in this eapartment ... sefore you take it and I would hear you have do such fabulous thing with it that I ... mr . smite you be very kind , but I be really just set starteé ... 2 have not even put up the drepe ... actually when you ring I think you be someone else ... . smite J , Roger 's tringing she grape . wz breakfast at tiffanz's 123 . with will on ( cont ! 4 ) . by this time Paul have ease past kim into - 196 . int , mr , smite aparthent - ( daz ) the apartment have be completely redone since Paul left , it be , 1f possible , even more elaborate , paul '' charm , absolutely charming ... now if you do not mind , what I really want to do be borrow you fire escape ... mo , mo , that 's quite all right I imow my way , thanks . he go to the window , open it and while Mr. Smith watch in open-mouthed wonder , he climb ont on the fire escape . mr . sult ( shake he : head ) I have live in a mumber of bizarre building in my tine ... pus this be ... and you may quote I wildly on the subject ... far and away the bizarrest of all ... he hastily close the window and lock it . 197 . ext . FIRE escape - ( day ) it ls reining quite bard , buck the wind and rain Paul make he way down to - 198 . ext . holly wenpow - ( day ) the pane of glass be still break . he reach through , vanmlock the window and enter - : 199 . int . holly bateroom - ( dat ) he scoops up a handful of toothbrush , tooth paste , etc . then notice the airplane ticket stick out of a tooshorus= gless . he grin , put i¢ in bis peeket and move into - 200 . 6022-66 breakfast at tiffany's 12h . int . holly sedroom - ( day ) 's be stack the toothbrush and thing in a neat pile : on the bed . the cat greet he with a friendly meow , but at the moment he have no time for the cat . he find ean empty suitcase and place it on she bed . ee mow begin to pack in as meat a fashion as possible , root various form of wear apparel out_from wader the bed amd similar unlikely place . he be interrupt in bis labor by the sound of the door buzzer . he ignore it , go on with he pack , tt ring again , and again , and again , finally he decice that it be better to face it out , he go to the re= lease button , press it , then after a moment go to the deor and open it , stand in the doorway be a small , handsome , South american gentieman who bear a mark resemblance to ose . path yes ? . . tee gentleman iam the cousin . send by senor Jose yboarra-jaecgar . : paul - ob. where be josa ? tue cousin wae , clearly , hes great difficulty with the language , suffer mentally for a moment , organise he next sentence . . tee cousin ab . where she be , she be wait . pacl let I think that one over . ( pause ) now I think I get be . of course I may be wromg , but I have a curious feel that the future President of Brazil kas take , ..or be about so tale ... a powder , right ? the cousin look at he with total lack of commre - henston , after a minute he produce from he inside pocket a letter . tee cousin my cousin , she ask I to leava this for nis chum ... you will cblige ? faul take the envsiope and lock at it carefulliz . or the front be weitcen : " fer miss = , goligash ; coursesy of baarer , " ( con ou breakfast at tipfany be 125 . 200 . ( cont would ) _ paul ( slowly ) yes . I will oblige . the cousin bow politely . Paul close the door , he ss the letter in he pocket and thoughtfully cross to - 20l . int , eoliy? S bedroom - ( day ) ee close the suitcase and carry it out into - 202 , int . Zolly live room = ( dat ) ee search for and eventually find the guitar . paul let 's see , , , what else ...oh , yes . cat. here , cat , cat , cat ... come od fousee he scoops up cat , pick up she suitcase and ths guitar and as he do so cat leap out of he arm , claw flash . . paul . dam you } es go after cat again . it be quite a chase . ee finally corner it in the bedroom . this time he technique have improve . ee riss a pillow case from the bed and dump the cat unceremoniously into be , then sling it over he shoulder like a sack and once more pick up the suitcase and the tar and head for the deer . dissolve to : 203 , ext , woman' prison - ( dat ) it be still reining , Holly emerge and be greet by Paul . the limousine wait at the curd , bolly quel nigst , alorsi Paul , darling , = be sla ad to see yous path come on millacy , she carriage , courtesy cf c.u. serman , await : $ -22-60 ( continue ) ou breakfast at tispanzt's 126 . 203 . ( cont would ) holly what ? for a answer Paul grab she arm and together they run through the rain and get into - 20h . T. car = ( dat ) E paul woile you be away , I do a little house -break ... ( to Driver ) eotel creyden , 66th and madison . " ( 9 eolly ) o.7. think it would be a good idea for you to stay out of sight for a while . I have get most cf you stuf ? here .. imclude cat ...t hope he ! ell right ... - ee let ' the cat out of the pillow case . : holly hello , cat ... % ou poor noename slob ... listen , darling , do you find that aizsplane ticket ? '' . pagent : . ' right bere , I be sure we cam cash it insee : holl Cash 4t in ? dre you kid ? woat time be it ? : paul a little after.ten , holly Goode ( of Driver ) idlewild airport , driver . paul Zou can m't do thatec . eollt '' wey not ? paul you doe not seem to understand . you 'se wader indicsment , if they 5022060 : ( continue ) ee breartast at tifpany's 127 . . 20 k. { cont 4 ) paul ( cont would ) catch you jump bail , they will lock you up and throw away the key . hollt De not be ridiculous , darling . by the - day after tomorrow I will be marry to the future President of Brazil , that will give I diplomatic immunity or something . . paul I would not bet on it . she see from he face that something be seriously wrag , rolly what be it , darling ? paul : : zi have a message for you . 2 ee take out the envelope and hand it to she . she study the handwrite carefully for a moment . holly . °° ' ok , ob , yes ... i see . -. do he bring it.dn person or be it just there , shove under the door ? paul a cousin . zolly eand I my purse , darling , will you . a girl can not read this sort of thing without she lipstick , she busy herself with she make - up for a moment , stalling for time . finally she say : eollt you read it to I , will you , darling . I do not think I can quite bear ... paul you really want I to ? she nod . Paul tear ozen che envelope . paul ckayec $ =22-60 ( continue ) ee 20h . $-22-60 breazfast at tippamz's 126 . ( cont would ) paul ( cont to ) ( reading ) " my dearest tietie girl , I have love you know you be not as other . but conceive of ny despair upon discover in such a brutal and pabdlic style how very cifferent you be from the manner of woman a man of my position could hope to make™ he wife . I grieve Zor the disgrace ef you present circumstance and I do not find it in my heart to add my condemn to the condemn that surround you . so I hope you will find it in you heart not to cendemn I . I have my family to pretect and my name and I be a coward where this institution enter . forget I , beautiful child , and may God be with you . Jose . " paul in a way it seem quite honest ... touch even ... hollt toueh ? + square - ball jazze paul '' after all , he say he ! ss a coward ... holly all right , so he 's ' net really e guper-ras ...co7 even a regular tat ... he 's just a scared little mouse ... . bus oh , gee , golly , dam ... she jam she fist into she mouth and begin to cry . paul well , so much for sauth America . _ I never really think you be cut out to be Queen of the fampas anyhow . ( to driver ) croyéen eotel . ecllz ( to driver ) idlewile ; a zt ( cont inue ) be 20k . ( cont would ) breakfast at tiffany's 129 . holly ( constd ) ( to Paul ) the plane leave at twelve and on it I plan to be ... paul eolly , you can not ... holly et pourcuoi pas ? I be not hotefoot 4t after Jose , if thet 's what you think , no , as far as I be concerned het the future President of nowhere . it 's only , why should I waste a perfectly good plane ticket ? besides , I have never be to Brazil ... Holly reach for she suitcase , open it and take out a dress . holly ' please , darling , do not sit there - as she head , look et I like that . I be go and that 's all there be to it , really you know , I haven 's much choice ... and what do I - have to lose ... except for the nickel put up for bail ... bless O.J. 's heart .. , anyway , omce on the coast I help he win more than ten thousand in - one poker hand . so I figure we be square ... . : talk she be pull she sweatshirt over she folly ( cont would ) New all they want from I be ny service es a state 's witness against Sally . nobody have any dntention of prosecute I ... to begin with they have not a ghost of a@ chance ... sut even so ... she pull the dress on over she head , then remove the blue jeans under it . then she find a pair of shoe and the dress operation be mow complete . eoliz eeethis town 's finish for I . leest for a while . ther have rope up at every salocn tell you what you do , gareing ... ( continue ) be brearpast at tiffanz's 130 . 204 . ( cent would ) eolly ( cont would ) you get back to town I want you to call the New York Times ... or whoever you call eeefnd mail I a list of the fifty richest man in Brazil . the titty richest ose pegardiess of race , color or present matrimonial status ... she suddenly become aware of the cat who have climb onto she lap , she look quickly out the window to see where they ere , the car be move through e street in Spanish harlem , holly ( Te the chaufferr ) stop here ! paul what be you doing ? eolly ignore he , the car pull up to the curd . Holly open the door and , carry the cat , step out . 205 . ext . bariem STREET = ( dat ) we find ourselves in a savage , garish .neighborhood , . gerland with poster portrait of movie star and - madonnas . the sidewalk be litter with fruiterind and rotted newspaper be burl about by the wind . bolly stand for a moment hold the cet . she scratch he head and talk softly to hin . eolly what do you think ? this ought to be the right kind of place for a tough guy like you . garbage can eeepat galore ... plenty of eas-bum to gang around with ... ( ske drop the cat to the sidewalk ) so scream ! Paul get out of the car , paul eolly ... the cat look up at she cquestioningly . eollt ( to the cas ) I seic beat it ] 5 - 22-30 ( continue ) wz | erearpast at toffany 's ° 131 . 205 . ( cont would ) the cat rub up against she les . eolly ( angrily push the cat with she foct ) I say take offi she jump back into the car . Paul stancs watch , holly you come ? ' pate I don 's think so . no ... holly all right then ... you can take off too ! she start to close the door . Paul catch i¢ and hold it open . eolly let go of the door ! I will miss the plane ! come on , driver , let 's gol she jerk the coor close . Paul reack into bis pocket , take out the red plush Tiffany bex and toss {t to he > through the window . . : paul . eere ... I have carry this thing arcund for month ... < co not want % any more . 206 . close seot - holly - ( day ) ~- she open the box and sit stare at the ring . the car stert anc pull away . 207 , ext stre=t - ( dar ) / Paul stand watehing the depart car . the rain have stop now and patch of blue be beginning to show between the cloud . at the corner the limousine stop for a lish . faddenly she door open and Holly jump out . she be run back toward he across the wet sidewalk . in 2 moment they be in each other 's arm . then she pull away . 6-22-60 ( continue ) 207 . breazpast at tifpany 's 132 . ( cont would ) eollt come on , darling , we have get the find cat ... : together they dash up the block and into a alley in the direction the cat have go , eollz ( Calling ) you cat ! where be you ? cat! catli cat ! ( to Paul ) we have to find he ... I thou gat we just meet by the river one day ... that we be both independent ... but iwas wrong ... we do belong to each other . hs be mine ! here cat , cat , cat ! where be you ? then they see he , sit quietly on the top of a garbage cen . she run to he and sasher he in she arm . holly ( to panl , after a moment ) qh , darling ... ( but there be no word for it ) padl '' that 's ckay . qpey walx in silence for a moment , eoliy carry the eat eolly ( in @ small voice ) darling ? par yeah ? eolly do you think Sam would be a nice name for cat ? as they ccntinue to walk up the stree - pade oct f= sb =