azt 128 129 130 80 . Eric turn . this have better be good ... eric sorry , boss , I have to move it so it would not get soak . the water be everywhere . ( hanssen do not reply ) do I put it back wrong ? silence - hanssen not reacting , Eric just hang ... + »eeanother agonizing moment ... then hanssen nod ... and drift back into he office , Eric allow himself a breath . end sequence . ext . FBI bldg . - night 127 we get a look at the Department of justice at night . then the Capitol , rise majestically . rack back to the FBI hq ... as Eric emerge , look dwarf by this mammoth building . ext . american univ . - music bldg . - establishing - night 128 Eric mount the step of the Music Building . int . music build - continuing 129 he drift down a hallway . on either side of he , we hear pianos be play in practice room . 20 piece at once . he stop outside a door , recognize the play within . aa smile fan across he face . he peek through a tiny window : sure enough , juliana be inside , practice in this tiny room . she do not see he . he reach for the door . then he cel - phone ring . shit . a instinct tell he to throw the damn thing into a trash can . all he want be on the other side of this door ... instead , he answer the phone : eric ( into cel ) this be Eric . kate ( thru cel ) how fast can you get to the field office ? int . wfo - 5 th floor - minute later ( night ) 130 Elevator door open ... and here 's kate , await we : 81 . kate he go to the d.i.a. tomorrow at 10 a.m . be that right ? so much for hello . Eric freeze in place . eric yes . kate you be drive he ? eric . yes . kate follow I . she move away . Eric hurry out of the elevator . we follow : kate ( cont 'd ) I have get about five minute ; case be ratchete up and the director need to be brief on it . eric what be on the Palm Pilot ? kate everything . we track they through the 5th floor of the w.f.o . it 's empty . kate ( cont 'd ) the arrogant son of a bitch actually keep a record of all of he correspondence with the kgb , gru , and svr . last drop be two month ago . eric so he 's active ... kate very much so . ( they keep walk ) most of the datacard be still encrypt . first thing we crack be a ledger trace payment - receive : six - hundred thousand in cash so far , with another eight hundred thousand wait for he in a escrow account in Moscow . 82 . just then , Eric stop - at a large conference room . it 's packed . 60 agent now , grind away . eric bigot-list just get a little bigger . kate we be start air surveillance , picket surveillance , monitoring he phone and computer . we will also be buy the house across the street from he and put two agent there . ( soberly : ) as long as he 's active , every single source we be work have to be consider at risk : counter - Intel and counter - terrorism . he know all they name and location . ( Eric nod ) okay . tomorrow . you will drive he in a Bureau vehicle . make sure you keep he out of the office for at least three hour . we be sweeping he car . eric okay . kate need to get some hard evidence on he . thanks for -- eric ya know , he do not think you be close . kate no ? eric we walk by the sioc once ; he know there be a molehunt go on in there . but he think you be target CIA officer only . sorta treat the whole thing like a joke . kate +.- unless he be just work you , to see if you know any better . ( Eric consider that ) Three hour . 131 83. with that , she duck behind the door . Eric stare at it ... int . hanssen home - attic - night 131 darkness , just that desk - lamp on . we pan along the attic floor , follow electrical wire that lead we to hanssen 's printer , tv , lap -top . ... until we find hanssen himself , at he desk , he back turn to we , hold a cordless phone . sitting , conflict ... until he dial a number , and : hanssen ( into phone ) Victor ? Bob hanssen ... Fine , fine . how be you ? we move in on he now , slowly - he face still hide to we . hanssen ( phone , cont 'd ) I have a proposal for you , Victor ... yes , I think I have seize upon a sure - fire way to put you into business with the Bureau , to get a contract out of they for invicta 's technology . ( pause , then : ) hire I as a consultant . we see a quarter of he face now - just enough to know how much he hate have to pitch himself . but ... hanssen ( phone , cont 'd ) no one understand you system like I do , no one can be a more effective advocate for they . and I do not think I have to tell you how much influence I have in term of i.t. and case - management - security around there . this guy be at sea without my input , and they know it . he laugh , a bit force . camera settle on he profile ... hanssen ( phone , cont 'd ) my timetable ? well , that would be now actually . ( try to sound breezy ) yes , I wanna get out of there before my fellow Agents start inflict a bunch of farewell party on I . another force laugh ... then he tighten - just hear a polite version of " no , thanks . " 132 133 134 84 , hanssen ( phone , cont 'd ) I see . well ... suddenly he 's become willy loman ; it sicken he ... hanssen ( phone , cont 'd ) I suppose I should have be more precise , Victor . I be not look for a rich deal . and whatever you pay I would be more than offset by the money I would be bring through the door . it 's a very lucrative contract I would be secure for you . ( a beat ... ) will you ? good . that 's all I ask . I know the logic of it will appeal to you if you consider it long enough . ( it 's dead , he know it ) thank you for you time , Victor . I apologize for have bother you at home ... good night . he hang up the phone and shut he eye , fight a feel of despair . on he face we match dissolve to : ..- hanssen , in the passenger seat of a chevy suburban . ext . defense intelligence agency - day 132 it 's a brilliant , sunlit morning . Eric , in the driver 's seat , show he i.d. to a guard at a military guard - post . the suburban be wave through . then it disappear into the garage of this modern , non-descript building in roslyn , Va. int . defense intelligence agency - lobby ~ morning 133 hanssen and Eric enter a windowless marble lobby . three separate security check here , manned by military personnel . intercut with / int . FBI hq - garage - same 134 we be two level down . hanssen 's Taurus be drive past we by a unseen driver , who park it behind a cement barricade . wait at the barricade be a fed - ex truck . a sweep team emerge from it , each agent wear inspection glove . they look toward special agent dan plesac . he 's 47 , wiry . plesac we have get until noon . 135 136 137 85 . the sweep team decend on the Taurus . intercut with / int . d.i-a . - data CENTER - same 135 Eric and hanssen stand in 4 data CENTER that put the fbi' data Center to shame . seven supercomputers down here , each identical , churn out data . immaculate , impressive . hanssen the Seven dwarf , watch the world . ( Eric smile thinly ) God I wish the Bureau have this kind of technology : in bg we see a guy in a suit , talk on @ telephone . Eric eye he . continue intercut : int . FBI hq — garage - resuming 136 photo of ever inch of the Taurus and its interior now £ 111 = a bulletin poard . plesac eye they , then nod to a trunk cataloguer and a engine cataloguer : " proceed . " they open the trunk and hood of the Taurus , but : trunk cataloguer Jesus . plesac turn to see what the trunk cataloguer be see : hanssen 's armory : the 9 mm. , the sub-machine gun , the 400 round of ammunition , and all of it under clear plastic . . trunk cataloguer ( cont 'd ) this guy could park at the bottom of the potomac and come out fire . plesac nod soberly . continue intercut : int . d.i.a. data - CENTER - resuming 137 that suit hang approach hanssen , a bit sheepish . d.1.a . suit get some bad news , agent hanssen : we be gonna hafta cut this meeting short . hanssen I do not understand . phat d.i.a . suit at be my superior , callin i h g I into a emergency meeting . I be sorry . 138 139 86 . hanssen do he know that I be here ? do he know who I be ? d.i.a . suit I make all that clear to he , Sir , yes . he ask I to reschedule at you convenience . hanssen no thanks . without warning , hanssen turn to go . Eric 's eye go wide . eric Sir ? hanssen this visit be a courtesy . let 's go . eric Sir , maybe there 's someone else who can show we around . hanssen get the fuck car . int . FBI hq - garage - resuming 138 a huge plastic tarp have be laid out . sitting on it be the Taurus ' hood , door , tire , every inch of its carpeting . also on the tarp : two headshot of Catherine Zeta-jone ... and dvd 's of " entrapment " and " the mask of Zorro . " that 's odd . we also find hanssen 's gun and ammo . .».. and a box of lawn & leaf bag , some white medical tape , a BOX of colored chalk . most importantly , the seal lawn & leaf bag that hanssen fill in he attic . hard evidence ... plesac nod to a evidence photographer , go.to work . int . chevy suburban - d.i.a. parking lot - moment later 139 Eric pull up in the chevy . hanssen get in , slam the door . eric boss , I be sorry . hanssen I be do you a favor , bring you along . 140 141 142 87 . eric I speak out of turn . I know that . hanssen when somebody take a shit on you , you do not reschedule . he be not call into any meeting . that be a power play . eric I do not ... I do not read it that way . hanssen that 's why you be still a clerk . just take I back to the office . Eric know he can not do that ... continue intercut : int . FBI hq - garage - resuming 140 that evidence photographer click away as plesac stand stoically . then he cel - phone ring . plesac ( into cel ) plesac . gedde ( thru cel ) they be on they way back . plesac ( into cel ) what ?! intercut with / int . surveilling sedan - moving - same 141 gedd and brook , Eric 's old team , drive ina plain sedan ... tailing the suburban along Wilson boulevard in Arlington , va . gedde ( into cel ) the meeting take 20 minute . they're on Wilson boulevard , head back . plesac look at the piece of that dismember Taurus : door , bumper , engine part , carpete . a mess ... plesac good God . intercut with / int . the suburban - moving - same 142 Eric look in he rear-view mirror , very much aware that he 's be tail . beside he , hanssen fume . 143 144 88. eric would you like to hear some music , six ? hanssen yes . I be in the mood for some andrew sister . they get any in here ? eric not to my knowledge , Sir .. hanssen do not think so . silence ... then Eric 's pager buzy . Eric grab it . the face read 7 # . hanssen eye he . hanssen ( cont 'd ) she certainly do like to know where you be , do not she ? Eric smile anxiously . continue intercut : int . FBI hq - garage - same 143 plesac snap he cel- phone shut , turn to he sweep team : plesac sew it up . trunk cataloguer Sir ? plesac we be abort . sew it up . int . the suburban - moving - resuming 144 Eric drive . hanssen click he blue Doctor - grip pen angrily . suddenly , Eric turn leave , follow a sign that say " francis scott key bridge . " hanssen what be you do ? eric take the Key Bridge . hanssen what the hell for ? we be not go to georgetown . 145 146 147 148 89 . eric they be do construction on the Memorial . it be on the radio this morning . hanssen so take the teddy Roosevelt . eric Sir , I be ssg ; we tail people for a live . Key 's faster . int . FBI hq - garage - same 145 the sweep team be work frantically to re-assemble the car . plesac 's cel-phone ring . he grab it . plesac ( into cel ) yeah ? gedde ( thru cel ) he just buy you some time . they be head for the Key . plesac good . gedde I put them back at hq in 30 , 35 minute . be that enough ? plesac not even close . ext . FBI chopper - hovering - day 146 a FBI helicopter hover at a discreet altitude above georgetown , watch a single car . we z00m down to : ext . m STREET - georgetown - same 147 gridlock . a traffic jam . and the suburban be dead center . ( up ahead , a tow -truck be uncouple two car . ) int . the suburban - same 148 hanssen be livid . hanssen imbecile . idiot ! eric I be sorry . 149 150 181 152 153 90 . hanssen be this what they teach you in '' ghost school ? " no wonder the Bureau can never find anyone . hanssen reach across Eric and leans on the horn . int , FBI hq - garage - same 149 kate arrive , out of breath . she hurry over to plesac . kate I page he . where be we ? plesac screw . int . the suburban - resuming 150 with every second , hanssen 's get more irritate ... until he simply grab he bag and open the car-door . that 's bad . eric Sir , what be you do ? hanssen I can sit here for a hour . or I can walk two block , get on the other side of that bottleneck by myself , and take a five minute cab-ride back to the office . which do you think would better serve the need of the Bureau ? with that , he 's go , exite the chevy . and Eric be stick . int . FBI chopper - same 151 Olsen , watch from up here , reach for he cel-phone . int . surveilling sedan - same 152 gedd instantly reach for he cel-phone . intercut with / int . FBI hq - garage - same 153 plesac 's phone ring . he grab it . plesac ( into cel ) please tell I they be on they way to Niagara Falls . 91 . gedde ( into cel ) hanssen 's on foot , plesac you be kid I . gedde I put he back at the office in 10 minute , best case . plesac snap he phone shut with disgust , turn to kate : plesac you boy be kill we . kate he will be fine . 154 ext . georgetown - m STREET - sidewalk - continuing 154 Eric get out of the chevy , in the middle of this bumper - lock street , abandon the truck to follow hanssen . a few driver begin honking at he . Eric ignore they , head for hanssen , who walk angrily down the sidewalk : eric boss ? ( hanssen keep walk ) you gotta get back in the truck , Sir . hanssen ( over he shoulder ) have not you make enough mistake for one day , Eric ? now you wanna throw in a traffic violation ? eric Sir , you hafta get back in the truck . hanssen why should I ? eric ( no choice now ) I lie to you , Sir . that stop hanssen in he track . he turn ... eric ( cont 'd ) there be not any construction on the Memorial Bridge . I make that up . 92 . another x- ray stare from hanssen . Eric try not to waver ... hanssen why ? eric it 's juliana ; we have be fight all morning . hanssen what about ? eric you church . there it be - a big , fat lie ... roote in truth . and hanssen , despite himself , be hook . eric ( cont 'd ) she do not like it , boss . it do not ... speak to she . so I want to go back to that reading room . I think there might be some book I could get for she , to help she see thing better . I think you might tell I which one to buy . a long beat , car honk all around they now ... and Eric can not tell if he 's dead or not ... until : hanssen swear to God . eric Excuse I ? hanssen swear to God that everything you just tell I be true . eric sorry , sir. I be not gonna do that . ( hanssen wait ) I do not lie about my wife . or the church . if you do not know that yet then I sure as hell would not take the name of the Lord in vain just to prove it to you . ( silence ... then : ) have a nice walk , Sir . I will see you back at the office . 155 156 157 158 159 93 % Eric turn , walk away . we stay with he as he blow through the middle of the street , pass piss - off motorist . int . FBI hq - garage ~ resuming 155 plesac 's cel-phone ring again . plesac ( into cel ) yeah ? ext . m STREET - at the suburban - continuing 156 Eric put the key in the ignition , wonder how the hell he 's go to explain all this ... then the passenger door open . and hanssen get in . hanssen you be right . I overstep . he sit heavily , eye front , and pull the door shut . int . FBI hq - garage — same i57 plesac 's about to squeeze that cel- phone into pulp , when : gedde ( thru cel ) o' neill talk he back in . plesac 's eye go wide . the news be too good to be trust . plesac ( into cel ) how would he manage that ? gedde ( thru cel ) hard to say . but from here it look like he may have propose marriage . plesac ( turn to kate : ) stay of execution . kate half - smile . end sequence ... we CUT to ; int . FBI hq - garage - later day 158 the suburban pull up to hanssen 's parking space ... where hanssen 's silver Taurus sit , look entirely unmolested . int . the suburban ~ continuing 159 Eric 's silent . book from the " Catholic information Center " sit beside he . hanssen eye the Taurus , think ... 94 , then he pull a bulky manila envelope from he canvas bag . again , it 's address to " Jack hoschouer " in bonn , Germany . hanssen this need to be mail . eric you be not come in , Sir ? hanssen i_do not have to account to you , do I ? that come out sharper than either have anticipate . hanssen hand he the envelope , then get out . Eric pull away . we stay with hanssen , just a beat , as he examine he car before get in . his face be unreadable ... 160 int . eric & juliana's apt , — night 160 Eric sit at that crappy formica table , alone . a kettle be heating up on the stove . another glass of scotch await . before he be that manila envelope , address to " Jack hoschouer . " Eric stare at it , conflict . then a shrill whistle from the kettle pierce the silence , startling he . steam pour from its spout . Eric grab the envelope , carry it to the stove ... 161 int . bedroom - moment later 161 we be on a unmark vhs cassette , with a Post - it attach : '' Jack , think you will like this one . Bob . " it 's not too late to stuff this tape back into its envelope , ( which sit beside the stove in the kitchen . ) instead Eric turn on he tv , and shove in the cassette . first image on the screen shock the hell out of he : it 's the hanssen bedroom , as see from behind a door of some kind , shot in hi-8 video . bonnie lie in bed , asleep ... and a pit begin to form in Eric 's gut . on the monitor , hanssen cross into frame , he mid-section fill it entirely . he open the door that 's be block we view : ( we now see that it be the door of they armoire . ) hanssen cross to the bed , behind bonnie , and peel back the sheet . bonnie 's in a camisole . 162 95 . he crawl in so that she body obscure we view of he , and begin to fondle she . we hear audio now - she soft moan ... Eric want to look away , but can not . hanssen tug she panty down . clearly , she do not know she 's be tape . he pull the camisole above she breast and frees himself from inside he pajamas ... ++-as a sudden SOUND startles the hell out of Eric . and we . it 's the front door . juliana just come home . she have grocery bag in she arm . Eric leap for the vcr , hit stop just as she enter the room . he do not have time to turn the tv off ... and do not know if she catch the sound of moan when she walk in . juliana hi . eric hi . juliana what be you watch ? eric nothing . a training tape on surveillance . hanssen ask I to check that the transfer be okay . juliana buy that ; ( thank God . ) she head for the kitchen . int . kitchen - continuing 162 she set the bag down by the sink , right on top of that empty manila envelope address to Jack hoschouer ... ++.as Eric " casually * drift out of the bedroom , drop the cassette into he gym bag . eric ( cont 'd ) how be school ? juliana ( unpack item ) it be fine . would you mind get the rest of the grocery for I ? eric oh. sure. 163 164 166 96 . juliana few more bag in the car . she toss he the key . he smile , head out . ext . alley behind there bldg , — moment later 163 Eric emerge into the alley , disturb as hell by what he 's just see , but equally relieved that he will not have to explain it to juliana . then he freeze in he track . just saw something horrible : they Jeep . there be not any grocery bag inside . and he just hear the sound of bonnie' moaning come from he bedroom tv ; ( the room look up into this alley . ) he 's dead , and he know it . he race back toward : ext . outside there bldg . — tracking eric - continuing 164 we be right on he back as he run around the corner , crossing they thimble - size lawn to a walkway . int . there bldg . " lobby " — tracking eric - continuing 165 he race into the building . then down two step , and into : int . eric & juliana's apt , -— continuing 166 he burst in , breathless ... juliana be right where he expect she to be : sit on the edge of the bed ... watch that tape . he hurry in . eric jule ... juliana what be this ? eric honey , it 's not what you be -- juliana she do not know she 's be film , do she ? look at she , he hit stop . and eject . she 's still reeling ... he throw the tape and its envelope into he gym bag , zipping it shut , as : 97 . eric you should not have open this , jule ; it could have be classify for all you know . juliana if it be classify it would not be sit on we sink . do he give it to you ? eric no. juliana do you find it exciting ? eric God , no . juliana be there a tape of we float around out there somewhere ? eric what ?! of course not . juliana then can you tell I why you have it ? a long beat , he face work ... until : eric you know I can not do that . juliana oh . " need of the Bureau , " be that it ? this be a case of some kind ? she say that sarcastically ... but he just tightened , without meaning to . and that tell she something . ..- which mean he would better get out of here . eric ( head for the door ) I gotta go . juliana wait a minute . eric I be not sure when I will be back . 98 . juliana be this what you want , Eric ? that throw he . he stop at the door . eric huh ? juliana this . do a job where lie to you wife be just business as usual . be that who you want to be ? that 's a larger question than he be prepare for ... eric this ds ass special circumstance . juliana I be not talk about hanssen . he 's a creep , I know that already . I be talk about the jife , ( no reply ) there 's gotta be some other way you can serve you country where you would not have to lie to I every day . would not that be better ? yes , it would be better - but he can not say so . in fact right now he can not say much of anything , except : eric I never say this be a case . right ? juliana sag . she just give up on he . juliana no . you do not . they study one another , then he go ... 167 int . kate apt . build - hallway - minute later 167 a hand rap hard on a apartment door , repeatedly . then the door be open by kate . Eric stand in she doorway , too wound - up to say hello : eric I think my wife just read herself into the case ... 168 99 . kate throw a glare at Eric that be hanssen - like in its disdain . Eric nearly stagger from it , then she open the door wider . he enter , int . kate apartment — continuing 168 it 's a clean , efficient one - bedroom , look like it 's not use very often . kate close the front door , calmly . kate I be assume that you know what a massive fuck - up that would be . eric look , she 's smart , okay ? she put thing together . kate uh-huh . eric you be as much to blame as anybody , ya know that ? I be tell so many lie now I can not keep them straight anymore . kate wanna make thing easier ? next time hanssen give you a package and tell you to mail it , mail it ! that make he jaw drop . utter silence . she eye he ... eric how do you ...? kate that be a Bureau vehicle you be in today , hot - shot . it have ear . he do not know what to say . eric Jesus . agent burrough , I be ... it 's what I come over to -- kate the package have be re-seal as you find it , right ? no trace that it be ever open , nothing that would arouse any suspicion on the other end ? 100 . eric no . I post it from the Bureau five minute ago . it be pristine , kate we will see . there 's nothing to say . he 's beyond embarrassed now . kate ( cont 'd ) I understand that you be stress , Eric . cover - case be like that . but Agents learn to withstand it ; that 's what make they agent . okay ? eric I be sorry . it be a -- kate just so happen , we do not think you will have to withstand it much longer , maybe just day . wait . that almost sound encourage . Eric pause ... eric what make you think so ? kate we pull 300 page of classified material out of a lawn & leaf bag in he trunk today . his next drop appear to be imminent . then he 's ours . from despair to hope , just like that ... eric oh. kate oh. ( a beat ) I be sorry you be have problem at home . I would offer you some advice but it would not be worth much - I do not even have a cat . best I can tell you be keep you head on and do you job ; it 's you best shot at get this over with . understand ? eric okay . 169 170 101 . a awkward pause . there 's not much to say ... eric ( cont 'd ) I should go . I be sorry to have -- kate it 's fine . I be suppose to be the one you bring problem to . he head for the door . she escort he , open it . but he turn , just before leave : eric can I ask you something ? kate sure . eric be it worth it ? ( she 's silent ) be a agent , what it cost . be it worth it ? she weigh that one for a second , then : kate ask I when we have catch he . in the distance a few chord from a piano can be hear , they source unseen . the music carry we into : ext . foxstone park — day 169 hanssen drive he car at 5 m.p.h. , creep past the entrance to foxstone Park . he stare out the side window , look for something ... intercut with : int . wfo - conference room - same 170 a agent name skelton give a freshly - print arrest plan one last proofread . ( the document be twenty page long . ) we peek over he shoulder as he flip through it . paragraph slugline tell we what the arrest plan entail : number of vehicle , lead vehicle , personnel per vehicle , number of arresting agent , lead agent ... also : medical contingencies , nearest mo -evac and hospitals , neighbor control , crowd control , media control . 171 172 173 174 lis 176 102 . kate ( 0.s. ) that thing ready ? we tilt up ... to find that 100 agent now cram this room : phone , computer , timeline , safe , map . kate sit opposite skelton . he slide the arrest plan to she . the chord from that piano build , slowly . continue intercut : int . FBI hq - unnamed corridor — day 171 a_ corridor sit in yellowish light . more pallet of computer clog the hall . behind we , elevator door open . we cued ... .. ++-asS special agent debra smith emerge , carry a package . she 's 35 , African - american . we follow her to : int . FBI hq - sioc door -— continuing 172 this be the stoc that Eric and hanssen once walk past : " sensitive compartmentalize information facility , " " restricted access Area , " " authorize personnel only . " Smith swipe she badge outside the door , enter a code ... ext . foxstone park - dusk 173 hanssen drive by the entrance to foxstone Park again - just as slowly , but from the opposite direction this time , hour later than he last erap ... .. sted , look for something . ++- and still not see it . he drive off , as he do so , the car alarm of a parked car he just drove past begin to wail . hanssen note it ... int . wfo - conference room - resuming 174 beside skelton 's arrest plan be a operational plan . its slugline read : removal of suspect' vehicle , notification of suspect' family , chain of command at command post . it 's now plesac who be look the document over . int . wfo - asac' office - moment later 125 this be the office of a asac ( asst. special agt. in charge . ) plesac enter , hand skelton 's arrest plan to the asac , int . wfo - s.a.c .'s office - montage continuing 176 the asac carry skelton 's plan to the office of a s.a.c. ( special agent in charge ) . we return to FBI hq : 177 179 180 182 183 184 103 , intercut with / int . FBI hq - inside the sioc - same 177 a windowless , trapezoidal space build for three . but 12 people be in here , surround by map , computer , timeline , safe . special agent Smith enter , bear that package . ++- which we now recognize as the arrest & operational plan . now it must go up the chain here at headquarters . Smith hand it to a agent name pack . Music continue , as : int . FBI hq - rochford's office - montage continuing 178 pack enter , hand the plan to Mike rochford . int . FBI hq — bereznay's office - montage continuing l79 rochford hand the plan to bereznay . int . FBI hq ~ gallagher' office - montage continuing 180 bereznay enter , carry the arrest plan . deputy asst . dir . ken waguespack and asst . dir . neil gallagher wait for it . int . FBI hq - freeh's office — montage continuing 181 gallagher and waguespack enter a office . the nameplate outside it read : " Louis freeh — director . " and we see louis freeh himself , await the arrest plan .» «: a door shut . we be outside it . ext . foxstone park - night 182 hanssen creep by the park again , shine a flashlight out he window ... at last , he see what he 's be look for : a piece of white tape , affix to the entry sign of the park . hanssen note it , then drive off . as he do , he pass another parked car . the alarm on this one begin to wail too . intercut with / int . american univ . - music room - night 183 it 's juliana's piano -playing we have be hearing . she hit one final note . end music . end intercut . end montage . and we be : int . FBI hq - room 9930 - day 184 Eric sit at he desk , try to keep it together ... a document sit before he : " mission statement for the 1 information Assurance division ... by Robert P. hanssen . " ten 185 104 . page long . across its top be a hand - write note : " please check this for spelling and typographical error , r.h . " Eric eye it . that music continue , but it have recede into the background now . all be quiet , until : hanssen ( 0.s. ) Eric ? hanssen 's voice , come from behind a close door . eric yes boss ? hanssen ( 0.s. ) come in here . I want to show you something . Eric rise , head toward hanssen 's office . int . FBI hq - room 9930 — hanssen's office - continuing 185 Eric enter . hanssen be at he desk , stare at a laptop , he hand hide from we . Music recede even farther now ... hanssen ( cont 'd ) do you know this movie ? Eric cross to the desk ... where he find entrapment , star Catherine Zeta -jone , play on hanssen 's laptop . ++.and Robert hanssen , touch himself over he pants , obviously arouse . hanssen ( cont 'd ) she 's very appeal . Eric pause , no idea how to play this one . hanssen continue to touch himself , then look to Eric for a response . eric yes , Sir . I have always think so . hanssen this be the address of my mechanic in manassas . I be drop my car off in the morning . need you to pick I up and bring I into work . as if all be perfectly normal , he nod toward a slip of paper that sit on the edge of he desk . Eric take it . hanssen ( cont 'd ) no later than 8:15 . 186 187 188 189 105 . eric yes , sir. hanssen Close the door on you way out . int . 9930 - eric' office — continuing 186 Eric shut the door , pause . Christ , that be creepy . just then he pager go off again . he eye it : t#. int . wfo - conference room — evening 187 Eric enter the pack room , breathless . he run here . oddly , there 's no buzz in here tonight . the face look strain . he spot kate , in that same cubicle . he head over . int . wfo - conference room — cubicle - continuing 188 kate sit , look pretty gloomy . Eric hurry in . eric this guy be melting down . he just -~ then Eric stop - just notice the look on she face . eric ( cont 'd ) what happen ? kate I be wrong , Eric . we be hot day away from get this guy . ( Eric wait ) Son of a bitch be go to ground . Eric be silent . before kate be a single page , a type letter . kate ( cont 'd ) just get the encryption off this one : he last letter to he handler in the svr , date ten day ago . Eric do not reach for it . she begin to read it aloud : kate ( cont 'd ) " dear Friends ... " intercut with / int . hanssen home - attic - late night 189 hanssen eye he laptop . on the screen be a letter . it begin with the word , '' dear Friends ... " we hear kate , in v.0. now : 190 1g 192 193 194 106 . kate ( cont 'd , v.o. ) " I thank you for you assistance this many year . it seem , however , that my great utility to you have come to a end , and it be time to seclude myself from active service . " int . wfo - conference room -— resuming 190 that be a bomb ; we can see it on Eric 's face ... intercut with / int . ST . catherine be - evening 191 hanssen enter this magnificent church . kate ( v.0. , cont 'd ) " since communicate last , and one wonder if because of it , I have be promote to a higher do - nothing senior executive job , outside of regular access to information within the counterintelligence program . " hanssen dip he finger in the water , cross himself , as he voice begin to over- ride kate 's , also in v.0o .: hanssen ( v.o . ) " it be as if I be be isolate ... " int . church - pew - continuing 192 he kneel at a pew and begin to pray . hanssen ( v.uo. , cont 'd ) " furthermore , I believe I have detect repeat burst radio signal emanation from my vehicle . I have not find they source , but as you wisely do , I will leave this aione , for knowledge of they existence be sufficient . " int . hanssen home - attic ~ resuming 193 we be on he face , as he type out the word : hanssen ( v.o. , cont 'd ) " amuse the game child play . " 194 int . church - pew - resuming hanssen have be at prayer for a while now . we move in tight . 195 196 197 198 107 . hanssen ( v.o. , cont 'd ) '' in this , however , I strongly suspect that you should have concern for the integrity of you compartment concern knowledge of my effort on you behalf . " a single tear roll down he cheek . he rise , sniff back the tear . we linger on the empty pew as he exit frame ... int . hanssen home - garage - night 195 hanssen open the trunk of he Taurus . Inside we find that lawn & leaf bag , seal , hanssen ( v.uo. , cont 'd ) " something have arouse the sleep tiger . perhaps you know better than ee " he remove the lawn & leaf bag from the trunk . int . wfo - conf . room - cubicle - resuming 196 kate come to the end of the letter ... ext . eric & juliana's apartment — night 197 hanssen 's Taurus pull up to the curb outside Eric & juliana 's building . he eye the front door ... hanssen & kate ( v.o. , simultaneous ) '' life be full of its up and downs ... " hanssen cut he engine . end intercut . we dissolve to : int . wfo - kate cubicle -~ two hour later ( night ) 198 pizza box sit on the floor . kate sit with skelton , sargent , sherin , and Lopez . Eric be here , but he seem somehow just outside the circle . kate okay . if he do not make another drop , what do we have ? skelton we have get the Palm Pilot . that still give we conspiracy to commit espionage . 108 . kate ++- until he walk into court with a lawyer who say that everything on the Palm Pilot be just note for a spy novel he be plan to write , sherin we have get the evidence from he trunk , unauthorize possession of classify material . kate that 's five year -— hardly enough to make he talk . LOPEZ maybe we just keep promote he . ( they turn ) might be the only way to keep he from retire . they be just piss off enough to find that funny . sherin great . we make he deputy Assistant in charge of Parks and footbridge . some bitter laugh go around . Gallows humor ... sargent section Chief , lawn & leaf bag division . skelton director , pornography crash unit . kate Christ , if he play he card right he might wind up run the whole Bureau . they laugh ; it 's funny ... until it stop be funny . and the laughter stop . -.. jjust as plesac enter , urgently , with news : plesac he 's outside you apartment . ( Eric turn ) he 's park outside you apartment . just pull up . 199 200 109 . that stop thing cold in here . but before Eric can react , he cell - phone ring . he eye the income number , then look to plesac : eric it 's hanssen , smash CUT to : ext . 4 th STREET - moment later ( night ) 199 tire squeal as a ford explorer pull away from the wwfro . int . plesac' truck - moving -— later ( night ) 200 plesac drive , racing - kate beside he . Eric sit in back , anxiously eyeing he watch . plesac how drunk ? eric I do not know , he be not slurring or anything . where be you drop I off ? I do not want he to -- plesac the ghost say he 's be drive all over the place tonight . come to you apartment after sit in he church for a hour . eric sounded surlier than usual , but that 's it . plesac blow through a red light . kate check the clock ... kate ; I would be a lot happier if he do not have a armory in he trunk ... eric Drop I off here , okay ? my apartment 's right around the corner . plesac I know where it be . plesac pull over at : 201 110 . ext . 8 th STREET - eastern market - continuing 201 Eric get out on 8th Street . a pass car splashes into a deep pothole , send slush toward we . he pause , think . ++- then lean in to kate 's window . just decide something : eric you have get a team on he tail , right ? plesac of course . eric pull ‘em back . a beat . plesac think he might have hear that wrong ... plesac why would I wanna do that ? eric I think I can still work he , Sir . I think I can get he comfortable enough to make that drop . plesac have you be listen the last few hour ? there be no drop . he 's go to ground . he say so in the letter . eric the letter be why he still have to make the drop . plesac do not understand . neither do kate . eric ( cont 'd ) he write it ten day ago . and he do not use e-mail with this guy . that mean it have not be send yet . if he do not make another drop , he would be disappear on they without explain why . he would never do that . kate why not ? eric they make he feel too important . not a bad point . kate look to plesac . 202 t1i . eric ( cont 'd ) please . I can handle he — but not if he pick up a tail . plesac what if he 's make you ? eric what if he have ? bumper-lock he will not make I any safer , ( a beat ) the guy 's get he antennas up , sir. again , kate look to plesac . Eric await a decision ... until : plesac okay . we pull back . with that , plesac pull into traffic , reach for he cell - phone . kate throw one last look at Eric , then they be go . Eric watch they go , then approach the corner of 8th & be , we track he on he way . he turn the corner ... ++- and spot hanssen 's Taurus , park 100 foot away , right outside the apartment . Eric pause , readying himself . eric ( to no one ) get on the boat , do you job , and get back home again ... with that , he approach ... ext . outside hanssen be car - parked - moment later 202 a empty bottle of gin sit by hanssen 's side . a " andrew sister " song play on he stereo . hanssen stare , until : eric ( 0.s. ) hey , boss . hanssen turn sleepily , as Eric lean in the open window . eric ( cont 'd ) five minute , as promise . caught I come right out of the Metro . hanssen why do not you drive ? that sound drunk . and angry . 203 204 205 112 . eric juliana need the car . I feel like walk anyway . hanssen why ? something on you mind ? eric not especially . hanssen get in . I want some company . Eric pause ... asa non-descript sedan pull by they . gedd is_drive it . the sedan vanish . Eric be on he own now ... eric sure . Eric open the door , climb in . we do too . int . hanssen be car - parked — continuing 203 Eric look hanssen over , search for a weapon : in hanssen 's jacket ? Inside that ankle holster ? eric ( cont 'd ) where be we -- hanssen can I trust you ? Eric freeze . that be so stark , so direct ... eric of course ... do not you know that ? hanssen I do not know what I know anymore , then hanssen hit the gas . we move outside eric' window as the Taurus pull away . look like we be go for a ride ... ext . D.C. - 16th and morrow - moving - later night 204 the Taurus glide by we , against the backdrop of rock creek park . it 's huge , vast ... and dark . int . hanssen be car - moving - same 205 another andrew sister song play . hanssen tap a finger to it , definitely drunk , and look over he shoulder , out the back window . they have be silent for ten minute . 206 113 . hanssen it be against Bureau policy for a agent to consume alcohol . ever. even off-duty ... because a FBI agent be hever off-duty . that 's director freeh 's " brightline policy . " eric what 's wrong with you car ? hanssen why . ya hear something ? eric no . you ask I to meet you at you mechanic in the morning . hanssen oh . I be have it swept . for electronic device . Eric shrug . hanssen check he rear-view mirror now . hanssen ( cont 'd ) I have be sense signal burst come through the radio lately . and car alarm go off when I drive past . ( Eric nod ) it 's not beneath the Russians to track I . I be tail all the time . they know how much I know . then , without warning , hanssen turn leave , from the middle dane , into rock Creek Park . that feel ominous . eric we goin ' to the park ? hanssen it 's a clear night . Eric 's cel -phone ring . hanssen glare at the sound . Eric silence it quickly . they drive on , int . hanssen be car ~ moving - minute later 206 we drive in darkness , a freeze creek and thick wood around we . Eric look around , try to guess what 's come ... hanssen ( cont 'd ) I have egg for breakfast this morning , I be behind on my tithing to the church , I own eighteen gun . 114 . eric Sir ? hanssen my list . think we might see if you would learn enough to catch I . eric oh . hanssen should I go on ? ( exic nod ... ) last night Victor sheymov offer I a job with invicta . two-hundred — and — fifty - thousand a year , start immediately . when I be a kid my father like to leave I bound on we live room floor until I wet my pants ... and I do not believe anything actually happen to you mother the night bonnie and I come over . I think you be somewhere else and just do not want to tell I . that be a mouthful . Eric pause , assess it all as road roll under they . awfully dark out here . eric y'ever notice how often you try to catch I in a lie , boss ? hanssen I wonder why that be . eric maybe you have spend so many year study spook you can not imagine anybody tell the truth . ( hanssen do not react ) jule and I have a anniversary come up . that night I be out arrange a surprise for she . I make up the mom thing so she would not know . a beat . no idea if that fly or not ... eric ( cont 'd ) and I be sorry about you father . hanssen maybe that 's the part I make up . 207 208 115 . eric I do not think so . hanssen breathes out a bitter laugh , then pull the car over at a secluded spot . eric ( cont 'd ) what be we do ? hanssen agent-train . that 's what you want , right ? and he get out , wait for Eric to follow . Eric do so . ext . rock creek park — road — continuing 207 hanssen cross the road , toward a small clearing by the creek . Eric follow . cold enough to see you breath out here . ext . rock creek park - clearing - continuing 208 not a bad place to dump a body , ( chandra levy will be find here in less than a year . ) Eric follow hanssen , twig and snow crackle under they foot . otherwise , there 's silence . ++-until hanssen stop , and pull he .38 from a holster . hanssen ( cont 'd ) they test you at 25 yard , 15 yard , seven yard , and five yard , with that , he aim at a branch and fire , a deafen sound . ( Eric be beside he . ) the branch be decimate . hanssen ( cont 'd ) prone , leave hand , right hand , five - yard - with- gun-in-holster . you get three second to fire five shot . he turn and fire again , blow away another branch . but this time the gun be just a foot from Eric 's face . Eric drop to he knee out of instinct . eric what be you do ? hanssen FBI 's a gun -culture , I tell you . can not advance here unless you can shoot . 116 . he extend a hand . Eric rise ... then bang ! another blast , mere inches from Eric 's face this time . Eric spin away . eric what be you do ?! hanssen who be call you before ? eric what ?! hanssen step toward he , then another shot , right beside Eric 's ear now . Eric spin away again , scared witless . hanssen I need to know if I can trust you . eric put the gun down , boss . hanssen ( another shot ) who be on the phone ? eric put the fucking gun down !!! hanssen I need to know if I can trust you ! hanssen 's fire again , but ... click . his .38 be empty . there 's a surprised silence for a moment . then Eric knock the gun from he hand . it fall into snow . eric can I trust you ? Jesus ! hanssen do not answer ... and Eric finally erupt : eric ( cont 'd ) ya know something , boss ? you do test people too much , and I have have it ! who the hell d' you think be call I ? my handler in the kremlin ? once and for all , for the record : I do not have any . I be not a foreign agent ! be that official enough ? ' Cause I be get really tired of have to prove myself to you every five minute . and by the way , if I be svr do not you think I would be work my way through ( more ) 209 117 . eric ( cont 'd ) Intel by now , instead of waste my time in some do - nothing i.t. division ? look around you , boss : it 's just we out here . there 's no one tailing you , there be not any gps on you car . you do not matter that much . there it be - the perfect dodge , a lie that be 100 % true . and hanssen do not know what to do with dbs 5 eric ( cont 'd ) the call be from juliana , obviously . my wife . she 's try to reach I because I tell she I would be home by now and because we be in another fight , cause by you as usual . thanks for drop by unannounced and lecture she about Opus dei , that be real helpful . and thanks for stare at she in church like she be from Mars . that also work out great . lemme guess , you be testing she too . ya know she ask I this morning why you be like this , why you grind everybody so hard . and I have all this answer ready : " he 's misunderstand . " " he 's try to fix the Bureau and no one will listen . " " he be bear in the wrong century . " " his father be a prick . " I have get a whole list . but ya know something ? at the end of the day it 's all crap . you be who you be and you do what you do . the why do not mean a fuck thing . do it ? hanssen consider that , he face a blank ... +.. then he turn without a word , and start a slow , drunken walk back toward the car . conversation over . hanssen I matter plenty . he vanish into a thicket of wood . we hear he shoulder rub against the brush ... Eric do not move . he can not . ext . eric be apt . bldg . - later night 209 Eric watch as the Taurus pull away , disappear into the night . he pull out he cel-phone , dial . 210 211 212 213 214 118 . intercut with / int . wfo - 5 th floor conf . room -— same 210 huge buzz in here again . kate 's cel ring . kate ( into cel ) yes , Eric . eric ( into cel ) get the tail back on he - but discreet . he 's definitely make another drop . tomorrow , maybe even tonight . kate ( into cel ) you be not burnt ? eric ( into cel ) no. I be not burnt . kate ( into cel ) okay . we be on he . Nice work , Eric . he 's about to say thanks , but she 's already hang up . end intercut . we remain with Eric ... then dissolve to : int . / ext . hanssen be car — parked - day ( 4 p.m. ) 211 hanssen , sit in he Taurus , park at a curb on fairway drive in Vienna , va . we drift in toward he , a slow zoom , as he stare out the window , at the tree . hard to say exactly what he 's think just now , but there 's a certain resignation on he face , a yield to something inevitable . we land on a close - up . he sigh ... int . wfo - conf . room - kate cubicle - same 212 kate sit , stare at a video monitor . on it , she 's pick up a live feed from inside a vehicle of some kind . look like the vehicle be park in a mall . Eric enter , urgently . he sit , look to the monitor . ext . hanssen be car - parked - resuming 213 hanssen get out , open the trunk ... that seal lawn & leaf bag await , beside chalk and tape . ext . foxstone park - entrance - continuing 214 lawn & leaf bag in hand , he cross fairway drive as it slope toward a large park . a wooden sign mark its entrance : " foxstone Park . " he pass the sign and enter . 215 216 217 218 119 . intercut with / int . FBI hq - sioc — same 215 bereznay be on the phone ; bereznay ( into phone ) I do not want anything disruptive at the arrest site . we do not wanna scare off whoever 's pick up the package . he hang up , eye he team , give they the news : bereznay ( cont 'd ) he 's operational . how many of the Russian i.0 . 's be unaccount for ? ext . foxstone park - footbridge — moment later 216 through bare tree we see the house that overlook this park . hanssen , stand at a tiny footbridge , eye the house . and he sigh . then he climb under the footbridge , stow that lawn & leaf bag there ... and walk away . ext . foxstone park -— trail — continuing 217 hanssen walk on a thin trail , footbridge at he back . sound feel oddly amplify out here : he footstep , he breath , the buzzing of a bird . we be close on he face ... he stop at that park - entrance sign , take a piece of colored chalk from he pocket , and draw a single line on the park sign . then he pocket the chalk . ext . fairway drive - moment later 218 he walk up the incline from the park entrance to he car . fairway drive be quiet and calm . . ++-until he hear a sharp SOUND , to he right : a van door , slide open quickly . he turn . ++.aS five swat guy explode out of a white van , bear suB - machine gun . then he hear the squealing of brake ... and a second van appear , out of nowhere , follow by a white Ford excursion . his head swivel ... a total of twelve agent , armed to the tooth , now close in on he . he freeze , swat agent # 1 you be under arrest ! put you hand in the air ! 219 120 . intercut with / int . wfo . — kate cubicle - resuming that video monitor , we now realize , be pick up the feed from inside the excursion at the arrest site . so Eric be watch all this live , without sound . ext . fairway drive - resuming in a blur , hanssen be surrounded . swat agent # 2 , he weapon inch from hanssen 's face , grab hanssen 's car key . hanssen the gun will not be necessary . the gun will not be necessary . he 's cuffed and lead to the excursion ... where plesac await . hanssen pause in front of he , almost smile . hanssen ( cont 'd ) maybe now you will listen . plesac it 's a sad day for all of we , Bob . hanssen be shove into the excursion . the other pile in . the excursion pull away , follow by the white van . a agent jump into hanssen 's Taurus and drive it away as well . int . wfo . - kate cubicle -— resuming Eric watch . the whole thing make he want to cry , though he 's not entirely sure why ... ext . fairway drive - resuming ++- and fairway drive be fairway drive again - no sign that anything out of the ordinary have occur . we dissolve to : ++- exic , carry a cardboard BOX of he belonging . int . FBI hq - room 9930 - pay 219 he 's here to clean out he stuff . juliana be by he side . she look the room over with some reverence , know now what she husband be put through in here . eric we should go . she nod . Eric turn to the door ... then he stop : 220 221 222 121.5 on a cabinet be one of that fat blue Doctor - grip pen . Eric breathes out a smile , put the pen in he box ... int . FBI hq - outside room 9930 — day 220 box in hand , he shut the door to 9930 for the last time . int . FBI hq - unnamed corridor - moment later 221 Eric lead juliana down another nameless hallway , past a glass case boast a display of the FBI 's historic arrest . beside it be a flier notify we of a retirement party to honor a secretary 's 35 year of service . cake and cookie ... they turn a corner , head for a bank of elevator . int . FBI hq - bank of elevator — continuing 222 ) ten foot away , a pair of elevator door begin to close . Eric hurry over , knife he free hand between the close door . they open ... and he freeze . eric oh . Robert hanssen , master -spy , be inside the elevator , flanke by kate and plesac . his hand be cuffed . Eric stand stiffly , no idea what to say . the moment hang . juliana appear at he side , equally throw . hanssen eye he would - be protege , half -smile at juliana . then he utter the last word they will ever hear from he : hanssen pray for I ? Eric 's jaw nearly drop . he back away , allow the elevator door to close . juliana 's silent . as the door come together , we move in on hanssen ... +.- and a odd thing happen : the light above he begin to dim . then it start to vanish entirely . he look up , confuse , wonder how in the world everything suddenly get so dark . then the door meet one another , and hanssen be in utter blackness . we leave he there , and ... fade out 122 . a dark screen . then a crawl appear , in stage : '' under the threat of the death penalty , Robert hanssen submit to extensive question by FBI interrogator . " " in return , hanssen be give a life sentence . he 's now incarcerate in the supermax Federal penitentiary in Florence , Colorado where he spend 23 hour per day in solitary confinement . " " hanssen reveal the name of at least fifty human source to he Russian handler . Three be know to have be execute . score more be imprison by the kgb . many of they remain so today . " '' Eric o'neill leave the Bureau in 2001 . he and juliana remain in D.C. , where Eric now practice law . " -the end