breakdown by Jonathan mostow March 1996 revise first draft for educational purpose only fade in : extremely tight on electronic gut of a video camera . the screwdriver blade of a swiss Army knife enter frame , methodically tightening a row of screw . pull back to reveal : ext . bombarded neighborhood ( war - torn country ) - day on the backslope of a mound of rubble , a three - man tv crew ( field producer , reporter , and cameraman , all wear flak jacket ) wait while the cameraman , jeffrey taylor , work to repair he malfunction minicam . throughout this sequence , rod , the reporter , type on a laptop computer , oblivious to what be happen around he . howard , the field producer , lie on he stomach , peer cautiously over the crest of the rubble through binocular . Beyond he we see a empty street . it be line with building blast by shell : a sawtooth wall in the f.g. , a ruin high - rise at the end of the street , billboard in a unrecognizable foreign language . howard how about it , Jeff ? Jeff finish he repair job , snap the minicam close . jeff done . Jeff slip the knife back in he pocket , scramble over the loose brick and stone to a position next to Howard . ext . sawtooth wall - day a frighten woman lurk nervously in the shelter of the wall . she be young , in she early twenty , with shine dark hair down to she shoulder . she 's carry a armload of book . ext . mound of rubble - day Jeff focus the minicam . 2 . minicam Pov framed in the viewfinder we see the frighten woman . howard ( o.s. ) Nice leg . Jeff ignore Howard , pan the minicam down the street . in the viewfinder we see the flash of sun on metal . ext . ruined high - rise - day a row of blast window . in one of the window , a sniper crouch . sunlight glitter on he rifle barrel . ext . mound of rubble jeff ( matter -of -fact ) sniper . howard where ? jeff high-rise . top floor . window in the middle . howard ( look through he binocular ) stay on he . stay on he . now go back to the woman . now ! Jeff swing the minicam and -- ext . sawtooth wall - minicam Pov -- the image blur , then hold steady on the frighten woman . nervously , she peek around the corner . howard ( o.s. ) back to the sniper . ext . mound of rubble howard stay tight on the sniper . Jesus -- look at he ! he 's about fourteen ! do not lose this ! Jeff kneel on the ridge , minicam on he shoulder . 3. ext . ruined high - rise - Pov through viewfinder Jeff 's minicam zoom in on the sniper . the sniper see the woman peek and get he rifle in fire position . jeff he see she . ext . mound of rubble howard stay on she . if she run , widen and try to get she and sniper in the same frame . Jeff turn he head away from the camera and stare at Howard . jeff I say he see she . howard I hear you . stay on she . Jeff look to Rod for support but he 's busy type , oblivious . Jeff hesitates , then lift the minicam to he eye again . ext . ruined high -rise the sniper , take aim . ext . sawtooth wall the frighten woman decide to make a dash for it . she take off she high - heele shoe , inhale deeply , gather herself to run . ext . mound of rubble Jeff watch through he viewfinder : jeff ( under he breath ) no ... no ... ext . STREET the frighten woman bolt , sprinting barefoot across the cobblestone , skirt lift , slender leg flash . 4. ext . mound of rubble Jeff jump to he foot , wave the minicam , shouting : jeff sniper ! sniper ! sni-- STREET the woman look up in Jeff 's direction , confuse , break stride -- we hear a burst of automatic gunfire -- ruined high -rise in the window , the winking muzzle - flash of the sniper 's AK - 47 . STREET the woman 's body jolt from the impact of the bullet . the book go fly from she hand . she spin to the pavement , she hair billow . jeff just stand there , a shattered expression . the camera hang at he side . he stare at the dead woman as a pool of dark blood expands around she body . CUT to : ext . logan INTERNATIONAL airport ( boston ) - runway - night a 747 touch down on the tarmac . CUT to : ext . INTERNATIONAL terminal - night a late- model Jeep Cherokee be park at the arrival curb . amy taylor , Jeff 's wife , peer out from behind the wheel , scan the crowd . her Pov Jeff , carry a single bag sling over he shoulder , emerge from the terminal . 5 . back to scene Amy get out of the car , grin . Jeff see she and hurry over . he drop he bag and they fall into each other 's arm , kissing hungrily . this be two people passionately in love with each other . amy God , I miss you . jeff I too . amy let 's get out of here . where 's you equipment ? do not tell I you check it ? jeff ( hold up he bag ) this be it . amy no camera ? Jeff shake he head no . amy no nothing ? again Jeff shake he head . Amy arch a eyebrow . amy ah ha . CUT to : int . jeff and amy apartment - night a modest apartment in the back Bay neighborhood . not much furniture , but lot of book and CD 's . on the wall , blow - up of arty photograph -- Amy in modeling pose , plus many black - and - white scenery still . Jeff 's bag be unopen on the floor . we see two nearly full wine glass on a table . the camera track down a hallway to the open bedroom door . int . bedroom - night more frame photograph . Amy lie in bed , curl up against a pillow . the sheet be tangle in post-coital disarray , the only sign of disorder in this neatly arrange room . 6 . closer Amy stir , reach she hand out toward the other side of the bed , which be empty . she open she eye , surprised to find herself alone . amy Jeff ? no reply . something catch she attention from across the room . she rise , pull a loose robe around herself and pad over to a close door . she knock softly . amy can I come in ? jeff ( o.s. ) sure . int . darkroom - night a walk - in closet have be convert into a small photographic darkroom . moist 8 X 10 print hang from a clothesline , bath in a warm red glow . the image be moody black and white landscape . Jeff stand over the developer , timing a print . Amy enter through a thick black curtain behind he . he do not look up . amy could not sleep ? Jeff shake he head . Amy look over he shoulder at a landscape photograph in the develop tray . amy I remember when you take that . we have fun on that trip , do not we ? Jeff nod . Amy look at he . after a beat : amy you want to talk about it ? jeff there 's nothing to talk about . amy c'mon , Jeff . ( continued ) 7. continued : jeff I tell you . I quit . walk out . end of story . amy that 's it ? Jeff nod . amy whatever happen back there be not you responsibility . you can not keep beat yourself up over it . he say nothing . amy what do you think ? you could have stop that girl from get kill ? jeff you do not understand ... he stop , lift he eye . jeff it be different this time . he break off and push through the curtain . she watch he go . CUT to : int . live room - kitchen area - night Jeff pour himself a glass of milk . Amy enter , stand on the other side of the counter . Jeff do not meet she eye . after a beat : jeff I talk to reynold . ( a beat ) he think I could still get the job at the San Diego station . amy oh , Jeff , you do not ... ( continued ) 8. continued : jeff think of it . low pressure , a steady paycheck . so I shoot city council meeting -- how bad could it be ? she look at he , concerned . amy be that what you really want -- or be you just run away ? jeff who 's run ? it 's good money , full benefit . I be tired of freelance . we could finally put some money in the bank . amy you know I will never stand in you way . but you have work so hard . be you sure you want to throw it away ? jeff throw what away ? do not you get it ? I do not do anything . I sit , I watch , I film -- I let it happen . amy you be suppose to let it happen . it 's you job . jeff no , Amy . it 's my excuse . she look at he , not understanding . he hesitates . jeff that girl ... it 's like I be paralyze . I want to do something , but I do not . I just stand there and watch she get kill . he look at she , emotional . jeff please , babe , I need this . say yes and we will take as long as you want -- drive cross - country and make a vacation out of it . what do you say ? ( continued ) 9 . continued : Amy look at he , consider . we hear a faint rush of wind . then it get louder ... louder ... and -- CUT to : ext . credit montage - various location - low angle - day and night the metallic grill of the Cherokee explode into frame as the car whoosh over we , hurtle down the Massachusetts Turnpike . in a series of shot , with credit over , we see landmark form the cross -country trip : a Pennsylvania dutch farmhouse , a smoke-spew factory in Ohio , the Mississippi River , Kansas wheat field , loveland pass and the Continental divide . dissolve to : ext . OPEN desert - day the middle of nowhere . Sand , weed and sagebrush . a two - lane highway stretch to the horizon like a ribbon of asphalt . the Cherokee cruise along the road . its Massachusetts plate seem out of place in this stark landscape . there be no other vehicle . moving closer , we see that Jeff be drive . Amy be sound asleep in the recline passenger seat . in back , luggage , move box , camera case . int . jeep cherokee - day the AIR conditioning whisper . on the console be two empty styrofoam McDonald 's coffee cup and a state - of - the -art Nikon camera . Jeff stretch in the driver 's seat . he force he eye open , fight sleep . he reach for the coffee cup ... it 's empty . he glance into the back of the Jeep . there be a thermos of coffee on the back seat . keeping one hand on the wheel , he reach for the thermos and fumble it to the floor . he strain to reach it . he do not notice ... 10 . ext . highway - 200 yard ahead a slow - move dodge Ram pickup truck be approach the highway along a small road that cut across the desert floor . the pickup , equip with oversize tire , roll bar , and a cb whip antenna , bounce over the uneven terrain and turn onto the highway , stop just before enter Jeff 's lane . int . cherokee - day Jeff glance up just in time to see the Ram lurch into the road in front of he . Jeff drop the thermos and spin the wheel ! Amy 's eye fly open -- ext . highway - day the Cherokee go into a wild looping skid . the Ram jerk to a halt as the Cherokee whip past , averting a collision by inch . int . cherokee - day Jeff expel a breath . Amy turn to see the pickup stop in the road . she look at he , concerned . amy Jesus , Jeff ... jeff sorry . I take my eye off the road . amy ( see thermos on floor ) maybe it 's time we take a break , you know ? Jeff nod , look in the rearview mirror . he Pov - pickup halt in the middle of the road . Inside , dimly - visible through tinted window , be two figure in cowboy hat . the driver lean out the window and give Jeff the finger . 11 . back to jeff angry at himself . he look over at Amy . jeff I will pull over next chance we get . ( a beat ) sorry ... he glance in the rearview again , still a bit shake . CUT to : ext . gas station - day a small desert gas station / mini-mart just off the highway . a sign over the building : " last Gas for 30 mile . " the Cherokee be park at the pump , hood raise . Jeff come out of the mini-mart , carry a plastic quart of oil . he unscrew the cap and start to fill the crankcase , careful not to spill on the new engine . in the b.g. , Amy be visible inside the store , browsing a magazine rack . int . convenience mart - same time Amy thumb through a cheap tourist guide , the Desert Southwest . a truck driver stand nearby , peruse the magazine . he glance in Amy 's direction , notice what she 's read . trucker on vacation ? Amy look up at he . he 's 50ish , plain-look , friendly , wear a " u.s.a. " logo baseball cap . amy sort of . we be move , actually . trucker whereabouts ? Amy hesitates . she 's not use to talk with stranger , but the guy seem harmless enough . amy California . we think we would take the scenic route . ( continued ) 12 . continued : trucker huh . in that case , you oughta try the pass Road , ' bout thirty mile west . Real pretty , make a loop through the hill , then hook back up with the highway . Amy smile politely , move toward the cash register . amy thanks . I will mention it to my husband . the trucker tip he cap . trucker okay , then . good luck . enjoy the rest of you trip . ext . gas station - day as Jeff continue pour the oil , he do not notice the mud-streaked dodge Ram pickup pull up to the pump behind he . the driver , earl , climb out . the other man remain in the cab with the smoke window roll up . Earl be a beefy man about Jeff 's age . he wear a sweat - stain western hat , cowboy boot and a T-shirt with the sleeve cut out to display he tattooe biceps . he saunter over to the Cherokee , stand there a beat , look over Jeff 's shoulder . Jeff sense something behind he , turn . his eye widen as he see Earl , recognize the pickup as the one he nearly hit a few minute before . Earl stare at he , unsmile . earl ( flatly ) Nice car . Jeff be in a awkward position . he 's get a half - full upside - down bottle of oil in he hand . if he lift it now , he will spill on the engine . he turn he gaze back to the engine , decide to keep pour . jeff thanks . Earl step around to the open passenger window , peer in . Jeff watch he , wary . ( continued ) 13 . continued : earl Air , C.D. , leather -- I guess you sprung for the whole nine yard . jeff I guess . earl then again , out here , what you really need 's a c.b. radio . jeff be that right ? the oil bottle empty out . relieved , Jeff pull it away and screw back on the crankcase cap . he shut the hood with a thunk and move around to the side of the car to remove the gas nozzle from the tank . Earl block he path . earl ' course , if you use a c.b. , you gotta have a handle . Jeff say nothing . this be not a friendly conversation . earl how about shit-for -brain ? ( beat ) you damn near kill we back there , boy . jeff look , I be sorry , I do not see you . you pull out in front of I . earl the hell I do . I see what happen . look past Earl , Jeff see Amy come out of the mini - mart with a bag of grocery . he speak carefully , anxious to avoid a confrontation . jeff how about if we just forget it , okay ? I be sorry it happen . I do not want any trouble . earl ( snort ) yeah . I bet you do not . ( continued ) 14 . continued : Earl glare at Jeff before turn away . he pass Amy , give she a broad smile . earl howdy , mar 'am . caught this fellow tryin ' to steal you Cherokee . Amy take in the situation . she nod politely . Earl continue into the mini-mart . she approach Jeff , puzzle . amy what be that about ? jeff nothing . guy in the truck . thinks I try to hit he . Jeff glance apprehensively at the man in the pickup , who have not move during the scene . he look back at the mini-mart . jeff c'mon , let 's go . amy you want I to drive ? jeff later . just get in . amy be something wrong ? jeff no , let 's just go . Jeff climb in behind the wheel . Amy glance at he and get in the car . Jeff key the ignition and pull away . int . cherokee - drive - day as Jeff steer back onto the highway , he glance in the rear-view mirror , see -- mirror Pov Earl come out of the mini-mart , stare after the disappear Jeep . ( continued ) 15 . continued : Jeff shift in he seat , relieved to be get away from there . Amy watch the speedometer as it climb to 75 , then 80 , then 85 . amy this be not the Grand prix , you know . Jeff release he foot from the accelerator . the needle sink back down to 65 . she give he a long contemplative look . amy what 's bother you ? jeff I tell you . nothing . ( pause ) the guy be a asshole . keeping a eye on the rear-view mirror , Jeff nod toward the grocery bag , try to change the subject . jeff what would you get ? Amy pull out a assortment of candy bar and junk food . amy junk food fiesta . sno ball , yoo hoo , Moon pie ... can you believe they still make this stuff ? jeff you kid . it 's probably gourmet cuisine around here . CUT to : ext . desert highway - aerial - day Far below we , the Cherokee trace the empty highway . there be no building , no house , no other vehicle . dissolve to : int . cherokee - drive - few minute later Jeff drive in silence . Amy stare out the window , bored . look for a distraction , she pick up a cellophane package of doughnut and peruse the label . ( continued ) 16 . continued : amy ( try to brighten the mood ) this be crazy . look at this . say if you win this mail - in contest , you can choose either ninety thousand dollar or ninety thousand doughnut . she give he a playful glance . amy what would you do with ninety thousand doughnut ? Jeff shrug , disinterested . jeff I dunno ... sell them for thirty cent each and pay off this car . amy very funny . ( beat ) alright , what about ninety thousand dollar ? what would you do with that ? Jeff stare out the window . he 's not into this . jeff I do not know . look , Amy , I be not -- suddenly he eye drop to the console between they -- jeff sonofabitch !! my camera ! he steal my camera ! amy ( startle ) who ? jeff the redneck at the gas station ! he lift it right under my nose ! my brand new Nikon . ( pound wheel in frustration ) goddammit . amy should we go back ? ( continued ) 17 . continued : jeff what 's the use . he 's probably halfway to bumblefuck now , the bastard . amy look , maybe if we call the cop -- Jeff be about to reply when suddenly the car buck . jeff what the hell ? the car give another jolt . amy what would you do ? jeff nothing . I -- a warning light flash on the instrument panel . the brake and steering lose power . the engine quit cold . jeff hang on -- I can not steer ! the car buck and screech . after a few hiccup , it jerk to a halt , just beyond a crest in the road . for a moment , they sit there daze , stare ahead at the empty road . then Amy notice a object on the floor -- the Nikon . she pick it up . amy ( deadpan ) found you camera . he roll he eye . he yank the hood release and get out . ext . highway - day steam pour from under the hood of the Cherokee . Amy get out and look around at the scorched wasteland . Jeff go to the front of the car , grope under the hood for the release latch . he yank he hand away , burn by the hot metal . jeff ow ! ( continued ) 18. continued : amy be you okay ? jeff I be fine . Amy move to Jeff to examine the burn . she reach out . jeff ( annoyed ) I say I be fine , okay ? Jeff lift the hood , examine the engine . he tug on a cable , check the battery connection and radiator . he go to the passenger 's side and take a hand -held cellular phone from the glove box . he dial zero and hit " send . " the phone beeps . amy out of range ? Jeff grunt , toss the phone on the seat . it bounce and land on the floor . Amy watch as he return to the engine and begin unscrew the radiator cap . amy what 's go on , Jeff ? jeff what 's it look like ? I be try to fix the car . amy not the car . jeff what ? amy what 's go on with you ? Jeff busy himself with the engine , not answer . amy it 's be a month since you get back . you can not keep shutting I out like this . Jeff say nothing . amy Jeff , I be talk to you . ( continued ) 19 . continued : jeff ( flaring ) look , I really do not want to go into this right now . I be change job , we finances be fuck , and we be stick in the middle of nowhere . so could we maybe just fix the -- he stop in mid-sentence . there be a rumble in the distance . they look down the road . jeff Christ , not this guy ... jeff' Pov - dodge ram pickup approach fast on the road . as it streak past , Earl yell and launch a beer bottle from the window . the bottle shatter on the asphalt . back to jeff watch the Ram speed away . jeff asshole ... amy ( look down the road ) Jeff -- a quarter- mile away , the pickup be slow . it pull a u-turn and stop , face the Cherokee . it just sit there , engine idling . jeff what the hell ? amy what 's he do ? jeff I do not know . Jeff watch the pickup , frown . then , from the opposite direction , they hear a low rumble . they turn and stare at -- 20 . massive tractor-trailer come over a crest in the road . it 's a huge eighteen - wheeler . a white 1988 peterbilt . it grind into low gear and slow , brake creaking . the truck come to a halt with a hiss of compress air . down highway the pickup start up again . it pull another u-turn and drive away , melting into the desert . amy breathes a sigh of relief . the driver dismount from the cab , leave the engine idling . we recognize he as the trucker in the mini - mart . he remove he cap , revealing a shock of prematurely white hair . he be well - shaven , he clothes immaculate . his name be Red . red ( trucker ) you folk all right ? jeff yeah . we car break down . red ( chuckle ) I figure that much . you want a hand push it off the road ? jeff thanks , I would appreciate it . Amy , you want to steer ? Amy get behind the wheel and put the shift in neutral . Jeff and Red push the car to the shoulder . as they push , Jeff glance at the cb antenna on Red 's cab . jeff think you could radio a tow truck for we ? red I sure would if I could , mister , but my c.b. blow a fuse this morning . I be wait till I hit the truck stop on I - 40 to get it fix . ( continued ) 21 . continued : jeff how far be that ? red about 60 mile . jeff ( disappointed ) oh. Red walk around to the front of the car and peer down at the expose engine . red I would offer to take a look , but it 's hard to say with this new engine . use to be , you could give them a kick and a holler and they would start right up . now it 's all computer and chip . jeff it 's a new car . red that could be the problem . you be run it pretty fast ? Amy give Jeff a reprimand look . it 's subtle , but Red notice . red tell you what . if you want a ride , there 's a little diner up the road . Belle 's . they get a pay phone . you could call a tow truck from there . Jeff consider this , glance back to where the dodge Ram be last see . jeff Nice of you to offer . but we have get a lot of stuff in the car . I think we be better off wait for a cop to come along . Amy roll she eye . Red see the look , try not to smile . he glance up at a small plane fly overhead . ( continued ) 22. continued : red ( casually ) suit yourself . not many cop on this road , that 's why the trucker use it . maybe you will get lucky . ( tipping he cap ) good luck . he turn and head back toward he truck . Amy look at Jeff . she wait till the trucker be out of earshot . amy be you nut ? jeff we do not know this guy . amy he 's offer to help . it could be hour before anyone else come along . it 's 100 degree . you really want to be stick out here ? jeff Amy , I have get my equipment in the car . all we stuff . what if that guy come back and we be not here ? ( turn away , quietly to himself ) Jesus ... do not be stupid ... Amy hear this . she 's have enough . flare . amy stupid be sit out here wait for a cop when we already have a ride . in the b.g. , the truck be throttle up . then , mad and careless : amy stupid be let you talk I into leave Boston . she turn away . the truck start to pull out . she bite she lip , think , then step into the road and flag the truck down . Red brake . amy Excuse I ? do you think you could drop I at that diner ? ( continued ) 23. continued : red ( surprised ) sure thing . how about you , mister ? I could take you both just as easy . amy that 's okay . my husband want to stay with the car . I will just get my purse . she go to the passenger side of the Jeep for she purse . Jeff follow , lowering he voice . jeff what do you think you be do ? amy I be go to the diner . I be go to call a tow truck . then I be go to order a iced tea and wait . good-bye , Jeff . jeff ( firm ) you be not riding with that guy . end of story . amy you want to be alone . well ... you be alone . why do not you take the time to get you head together ? she walk to the truck . Jeff stand there . she climb into the cab . Red move some papers out of the way . red watch you step , mar 'am . she pull the door shut . the truck throttles up and pull away . Jeff watch the truck dwindle in the distance , flasher blink . after a beat , the flasher cease . slow dissolve to : ext . roadside - twenty minute later beneath a blaze sun , Jeff pace restlessly in front of the Cherokee , check he watch , wiping bead of sweat from he face . he look down the highway . ( continued ) 24 . continued : nothing in sight . extremely bored , he wander over to the raise hood and study the engine again . after a few moment , something catch he eye . curious , he kneel down and peer under the chassis . he frown . jeff' Pov - loose wire dangle under the engine . back to jeff jeff oh for Christ 's sake ... he pull he swiss Army knife from he pocket and slide under the car . work with the screwdriver blade of the knife , he reconnect the plug to its socket . in the process , he hand and shirt become stain with grease . Jeff slide out from under the car , brushes himself off and get behind the wheel . he toss the swiss Army knife on the center console and key the ignition . the engine roar to life . CUT to : ext . desert road - minute later the Cherokee speed down the empty highway . int . cherokee - same time Jeff drive , a determine expression . ext . desert highway - day the Jeep blow past . dissolve to : ext . belle' diner - day a weather - beat structure with a gravel parking lot . a peel sign on the roof : " Belle 's : beer &amp ; food . " there be a phone booth outside . the Cherokee pull in and park . Jeff chirp the alarm , head for the entrance . 25 . int . belle' - day Dark and dingy . Formica table , a bar . chunky customer in k - Mart clothes sit at the bar , nursing beer and watch a football game on a big mute tv . Jeff enter and all conversation stop . the other patron turn and stare . after a moment , they return to they beer . Jeff glance around . no sign of Amy . no sign of Red . a bored - look bartender stand behind the counter , prepare a sandwich . behind he , a blackboard menu . Jeff approach . jeff Excuse I . the bartender look up , a cut knife in he hand . jeff I be suppose to meet my wife here . the bartender shrug , give he a look : yeah , so ? jeff Dark hair , slender , about five - five . wearing a pale blue benetton shirt . bartender a pale blue what ? jeff benetton shirt . the bartender plop the sandwich on a plate , tear off a order slip . bartender hank ! you order 's ready . ( to Jeff ) I be busy . they come and go . jeff it would have be within the last half hour . she might have be with a trucker ? bartender a trucker . ( continued ) 26 . continued : jeff guy with a baseball cap . driving a eighteen wheeler . the bartender think a moment , shake he head . bartender do not ring a bell . jeff you sure ? the bartender lean over the counter , call out : bartender hey ! man here 's look for he wife , dark hair , button - on shirt , travelin ' with a guy in a baseball cap . anybody see them ? Jeff look up and down the counter . blank face , a few disinterested shrug , a few headshake no . a dishevel female barfly , flo , grin up at he . flo look like she get away from ya , cowboy . a few of the regular chuckle at this . Jeff ignore they , turn back to the bartender . jeff could she have leave a message with another one of you employee ? bartender do not see how . I be the only one who work here . Jeff scratch he head . this do not make any sense . jeff I do not understand . be there another Belle 's diner ? bartender ( chuckle ) no siree . definitely not . Jeff clenches he jaw , take another look around . a elderly couple sit at a rear table , watch he . they whisper to each other . ( continued ) 27 . continued : jeff ( under he breath ) shit . he turn and go outside ... ext . belle' - day Jeff squint in the bright sunlight . maybe he get this place confuse with a different diner . he peer up at the sign . it say " Belle 's , " all right . he walk to the phone booth , look inside . the phone book be miss . he pick up the receiver , listen for the dial tone ... phone work okay . he hang up . he stand there for a moment , scan the horizon in all direction . there be nothing else out here , nowhere else she could have go . Jeff march back into the diner ... int . diner - day Jeff go to the bartender . jeff Excuse I , how far be the next town ? bartender about twenty mile . jeff look , if my wife come in -- she name be Amy -- tell she I be here . tell she to stay put till I get back , not to move . would you do that , please ? bartender ( shrug , bored ) okay . Jeff regards the bartender skeptically . he take one last look around , then head out . 28 . ext . belle' - day Jeff march briskly to he car and open the door , forget to deactivate the alarm . the siren wail . Jeff fumble for the remote and shut if off . high angle - moment later the Cherokee pull out of the parking lot , kick up gravel . CUT to : int . cherokee - day the stereo be off , the window roll up . Jeff drive , he jaw set tightly . the speedometer read 88 mph . dissolve to : ext . desert highway - minute later the Cherokee crest a rise ... int . cherokee - day ... and then across the desert plain , travel on another road , he see it ... peterbilt the 18 - wheeler that pick up Amy . cruise leisurely . Jeff press the accelerator ... ext . fork in road - day the Cherokee turn sharply onto the other road . ext . desert highway - aerial view - day the Cherokee speed down the road , gain on the peterbilt . it come up behind . 29 . int . cherokee - day Jeff honk he horn , flash he light . jeff c'mon , you fat -ass . pull over . either the driver do not notice , or he 's ignore Jeff , but the truck do not slow down . Jeff shift into the oncoming lane and pull alongside the cab . he honk again and wave , gesture for the truck to pull over . but the peterbilt maintain its speed . Jeff crane he neck to get a glimpse of the driver ... Pov shot it 's Red , alright . but he 's wear a different cap . from this angle , we can not see into the passenger side of the cab . Red peer down at Jeff , puzzle . Jeff shout at he , wave : jeff pull over ! pull over ! Red suddenly notice something ahead in the road , blare he horn . Jeff look up , see -- a rv camper approach in the oncoming lane ! highway Jeff swerve onto the far shoulder as the rv whoosh past in the opposite direction , horn blaring . cherokee Jeff be rattle , catch he breath . he swing back onto the road . highway Jeff slip in ahead of the peterbilt , then start weaving and brake , force the truck to slow . ( continued ) 30 . continued : both vehicle pull to the side of the road and stop . Jeff leap out of the Cherokee and run over as Red climb down from the empty cab . ( note : throughout this scene , various car and truck pass in either direction . ) red Jesus , pal , what the hell you do ? jeff I be signal you to stop . do not you see I ? red no. Jeff react . how thick can this guy be ? jeff where 's my wife ? red huh ? jeff my wife . where be she ? Red give he a puzzle look . red how should I know where you wife be ? jeff I check at the diner . no one see she there . red mister , I do not know what you be talk about . Jeff stare -- be this guy nut ? jeff you give she a ride . you be suppose to drop she at Belle 's diner . Red search he memory , try to be as helpful as possible . he shake he head . ( continued ) 31 . continued : red nope. sorry . jeff how can you not remember ? it be just half a hour ago , for chrissake ! Red give he a peculiar look . red mister , I never see you before in my life . suddenly , there be a loud squawk from inside the cab -- the cb radio . cb voice ( v.o. ) ( filter ) breaker , breaker -- Iron man , you copy ? jeff ( react ) you radio work -- ( lock eye with Red ) what the hell be you do -- ? Jeff freak out , circle the truck , call loudly : jeff Amy ? Amy ?! you in there ? Red shrink back , unnerve . red look , mister , I do not know what you want , but -- jeff I want my fuck wife , be what I want ! what have you do to she ?! Red 's eye dart to something in the distance . Jeff catch this , turn ... sheriff' patrol car cruise toward they . Jeff run into the middle of the road and wave frantically . the patrol car switch on its flash bar and speed up , pull to a stop behind the peterbilt . ( continued ) 32 . continued : sheriff boyd , 50ish , climb out , size up the situation . Jeff run over . jeff Officer , I need you help ! sheriff boyd what 's you problem ? jeff I do not know , this guy have my wife ! sheriff boyd calm down , sir . tell I what 's go on . Jeff catch he breath . jeff I do not know what the hell 's go on . last time I see she she be with this guy in he truck . now he 's say he 's never see she ! red Officer , he 's crazy -- I do not know what he 's talk about . jeff do not lie , you son of a bitch ! the sheriff unsnap the safety strap on he holster ... just a precaution . sheriff boyd all right -- everybody just calm down . ( to Jeff ) Sir , you want to tell I what happen ? jeff we car break down . this guy stop to help we , say he would drive my wife to a pay phone . but she never show up . sheriff boyd ( turn to Red ) Sir ? ( continued ) 33. continued : red I do not know , officer . I be drive along , suddenly this fella run I off the road and start holler about he wife . I swear , I never see the guy before . sheriff boyd and you do not give he wife a ride ? red no , sir . jeff he 's lie ! the sheriff take a long look at both of they , unsure what to think . he turn back to Red . sheriff boyd Sir , all right with you if I search you truck ? red Hell yes , officer . go right ahead . name 's Red , by the way . Red barr. ( pull out he wallet ) my permit be all current . you can check them out . sheriff boyd that will not be necessary yet . just stand back behind the line . both of you . as Red close he wallet , several credit card fall to the ground . he bend to scoop they up . Jeff eye this suspiciously . the sheriff climb up into the truck . int . peterbilt cab - day the sheriff poke he head inside , look around . pretty much what you would expect in a long -haul big rig : a cb radio , a plastic Jesus , a map of the U.S. tape to the ceiling with hundred of magic marker X 's show where the truck have be . ( continued ) 34 . continued : the sheriff look into the sleep area behind . a blanket be fold over a foam mattress . a stain pillow rest on top . ext . peterbilt - day Jeff and Red keep a careful eye on each other as the sheriff climb down from the cab , wiping he hand . sheriff boyd ( to both of they ) all right , let 's see you license and registration . Jeff and Red fish into they wallet and hand over i.d. 's . the sheriff examine they , compare face to picture and write down name . sheriff boyd what be you haul today , Mr. barr ? red nothing , empty load . I be head to fresno for a pick up -- ball bearing or something . sheriff boyd ( eyeing he ) Long way to go empty . red tell I about it . too much competition nowadays . one horse guy like I gotta drive halfway ' cross the country just to get a payin ' job . jeff ( to sheriff , impatient ) be we gonna keep look or what ? the sheriff hand back the i.d.' . sheriff boyd yes , we be . ( to Red ) Sir , I be gonna have to see everything . red no problem . I understand . 35 . ext . rear of peterbilt - day Jeff and the sheriff observe as Red unlatch two heavy padlock . grunting , he raise the slatted metal door . it retract along the ceiling with a noisy rattle . inside the cavernous interior be mostly empty , except for a few randomly strewn cardboard box , too small to contain a person . sheriff boyd ( be : box ) that yours ? red yeah . personal stuff . clothes and whatnot . you want to take a look ? the sheriff consider it , shake he head . sheriff boyd no . I think we be pretty much do here . you be free to go . jeff ( react ) whoa , whoa -- wait a sec . that 's it ? you be not go to question he anymore ? sheriff boyd Sir , I searched the truck . there 's no evidence of suspicious activity , no sign of struggle . Red have be look on . he chime in , try to be helpful : red look , I do not mean to butt in , but maybe you get my truck confuse with someone else 's . jeff ( lunge ) go to hell , you sonofabitch -- the sheriff grab Jeff , hold he back . ( continued ) 36 . continued : sheriff boyd hey ! hey ! you want to get arrest ? now the man have a point . this be a plain-look , John doe truck . maybe you do get they mix up . Jeff stare at the sheriff a beat , then bolt suddenly for the front of the truck . he yank open the door and leap up into the cab . sheriff boyd hey ! the sheriff jog after he . Red walk to the cab , unconcern . int . peterbilt cab - day Jeff search the cab for sign of Amy . he toss aside a jacket , rifle papers on the floor . there be nothing . ext . cab - day sheriff boyd look up sternly as Jeff continue search the cab . Red watch calmly . sheriff boyd Mr. Taylor , either you come down from there or I be go to have to arrest you . Jeff give up reluctantly . he look lame and desperate and he know it . he step down from the cab , gritting he tooth . jeff it be he . it be this truck . sheriff boyd uh-huh , I can see that . do you get a license plate ? Jeff stare at he , know where this be go . jeff no. sheriff boyd what about the information on the door panel . you recall any of that ? ( continued ) 37 . continued : jeff I be not pay attention . the sheriff study he a beat , nod . sheriff boyd Mr. Taylor , do you by any chance have a beef with you wife today ? jeff what do that have to do with anything ? sheriff boyd well , for starter , maybe she leave you . jeff I do not believe this ... sheriff boyd I have see it a hundred time . Lovers , marry couple , gay guy . you put two people in a car long enough , they will go at it . Hell , I have even see man dump they woman on the side of the road , and vice versa . Jeff stare at the cop . emphatic : jeff my wife do not leave I . red ( cut in ) Officer , I be sorry , I would like to stay and help , but I really get to make it to fresno ... sheriff boyd I understand . go ahead , sir . I appreciate you cooperation . jeff this be insane . you be just go to let he go ? sheriff boyd I have get he information . if we need to find he later , we will know where to look . ( continued ) 38 . continued : red much oblige . ( to Jeff ) good luck findin ' you wife , mister . no hard feeling . Red climb into the cab . Jeff watch helplessly , resign to the fact there 's nothing more he can do . the sheriff go to the cruiser and speak on the radio . as the truck drive off , Jeff go over to the cruiser . sheriff boyd Sir , I believe you that you wife be miss . maybe you get confuse about what truck she get into , maybe you have a fight -- you do not have to tell I . the point be I be try to help . he hand Jeff a card with a address print on it . sheriff boyd the town of brackett 's 31 mile that way . my deputy 's name be Len carver . he 's a good man . he will help you fill out the necessary form if you want to report you wife miss . Jeff clenches he jaw as the word sink in . the sheriff soften , he tone sympathetic . sheriff boyd if you want my opinion , you wife be probably around here . lose or plenty piss off and give you a scare . either way , she will turn up . as Jeff stare at the sheriff , the police radio squawks . dispatcher ( v.o. ) ( filter ) sheriff , this be dispatch . Mrs. Gilbert 's lock out of she trailer again . can you respond ? sheriff boyd ( into mike ) 10 - 4 , dispatch . tell she I be on my way . he rack the mike . ( continued ) 39 . continued : jeff I want you name and badge number . the sheriff look up at Jeff , sigh . sheriff boyd sheriff Arthur boyd. 226-93 . this really be not necessary -- jeff do not tell I what 's necessary , goddamnit . I be note the exact time of this conversation . 10:52 a.m. sheriff boyd ( exhaling ) suit yourself , Mr. Taylor . the sheriff shift into gear and drive away . Jeff be leave stand on the side of the road , desert in all direction . CUT to : int . police station - day a wall be cover with miss person ' notice . photograph of man , woman and child stare back at we . name and date be print across the bottom of the notice . pull back to reveal Jeff stare at the gallery of face . it 's a creepy feel . several yard away , deputy len carver , a young puffy - face lawman , sit at a desk fill out a form . Jeff look shake . deputy carver be this a recent picture ? Jeff glance over . deputy carver be hold up a wallet - size photograph of Amy . jeff two month old . deputy carver she still wear she hair like that ? jeff yes . ( continued ) 40 . continued : the deputy resume fill out the form . he click he tongue sympathetically . deputy carver we will certainly do we best , Mr. Taylor . there 's over a hundred thousand people go miss in this country every year . runaways , deadbeat dad , dropout , folk hide from the i.r.s. -- all vanish without a trace . Jeff stare at the face . deputy carver now I be not say she 's one of they . I sure hope not . but unless there 's a ransom demand or evidence of force abduction , believe I , the f.b.i. will not even look at you case till it 's be 24 hour . deputy carver finish the paperwork and staple the photograph to the form . he look up at Jeff . deputy carver nevertheless , we will sure keep we eye peel . how 's that sound ? Jeff clenches he jaw . CUT to : ext . roof of belle' diner - day from this high vantage point , we see Jeff 's car approach . ext . parking lot - day the Cherokee pull up to the side of the building . Jeff get out and walk inside . int . belle' diner - day Jeff enter , look around . it 's the same scene as before : same bartender , a slightly different cast of character . no sign of Amy . ( continued ) 41 . continued : Jeff advance to the bartender , who stand at a sink rinsing beer mug . jeff do she come in ? bartender ( look up , uninterested ) do not see she . jeff you do not see she , or she do not come in ? bartender buddy , I tell you the last time . I be busy . maybe she come in , maybe she do not . all I know be , I do not see she . Jeff look around , not particularly trust the bartender 's skill of observation . he grind he jaw . the other customer at the bar have be watch all this . one of they , a older grizzle barfly , look up at Jeff . barfly ( confidentially ) none of my business , mister . but if I be you I would take a look in the lady room . the barfly give Jeff a wink and turn back to he beer . snicker from some of he bar mate , who avert they eye when Jeff glance at they . Jeff know this be almost certainly a put - on , but he can not take a chance . while the barflies watch , poker - face , Jeff walk to the door of the lady room , hesitates , then knock . his knock be answer by a wordless sound , half - groan , half - gasp . jeff Amy ? silence . Jeff try the door . it 's lock . he rattles it . another groan . Jeff put he shoulder against the door , heave inward . the door swing open , revealing -- 42 . inside bathroom flo , bent over the toilet , vomit . she whirl around , a strand of spittle dangle from she lip . flo hey -- what the hell you do ?! Jeff back away , yank the door shut . the barfly chuckle among themselves . Jeff stride angrily for the exit . he stop at the door , take one last look around . no one seem to be pay he much attention . he turn to leave ... ... but something stop he . he can not put he finger on it . there 's something wrong here ... he stare at the other customer . why do they avoid eye contact ? be they hide something ? he scrutinize more closely ... there be the gruff trucker , sit at a nearby table shoveling food in he mouth . he 's be averting he gaze ever since Jeff walk in . and then there 's the travel salesman . overweight , sweaty . pop vitamin along with he coffee . or what about the shirtless biker , read a comic book at the bar ? probably a ex-con . while Jeff be run this suspicion through he mind , a trucker approach the counter to place a order . the bartender jot it down on a pad , then tear off the carbon slip . he place one copy above the grill and another in a pile by the cash register . Jeff stare , a idea form ... he approach the bar . jeff I want to see you order slip . bartender what ? jeff you write down the name . I want to see they . bartender what be you , nut ? I do not have to show you jack shit . ( continued ) 43. continued : Jeff lean in he face . jeff if my wife come in here , then she name 's in that pile . the bartender stiffen , stare he straight in the eye : bartender you call I a liar ? a tense beat . possess by a sudden impulse , Jeff make a grab for the receipt . before he can reach they , the bartender 's hand clamp onto he . bartender mister , I have have just about enough of you . jeff let I see the fuck slip . in one swift motion , Jeff overpower the man and extract the receipt . he start go through they , fast , look at name . tully , MARK , flo , andy and ... Jeff raise he eye to face the unpleasant end of a Smith &amp ; wesson revolver . bartender now , mister , you be go to have to leave . Jeff take a step back . everyone in the diner be stare . he stumble backwards , head for the exit . ext . belle' diner - day Jeff exit , breathe hard , and run to the phone booth . phone booth be occupy by a young man with a awkward oversize frame , ill-fitting clothes . Jeff rap on the glass anxiously . jeff please , I need the phone -- I have to call the police ! ( continued ) 44 . continued : the man look up , dull and glassy - eye . his sluggish demeanor suggest mental retardation . he hang up and slowly open the door . sluggish man ( drawl ) my name 's billy . you the feller lookin ' for he wife ? jeff how would you know ? do you see she ? the sluggish man hesitates . there 's something hold he back . Jeff sense this . jeff please , if you know something , anything , tell I . billy ( sluggish man ) ( a beat ) I see she ... maybe . jeff what ? when ? billy be about to answer . in b.g. , the bartender stick he head out of the diner . billy back away , spook . billy oh man . never shoulda open my damn mouth . now I be gonna git it . billy break into a lope run through the parking lot . Jeff hurry after he and catch up , cornere billy between two car , try to calm he . jeff no one 's go to hurt you , billy . just tell I what you see . billy glance around nervously , swallow . billy she come in on a truck . a big white one . jeff yes ... billy then she ... she get in another truck . ( continued ) 45 . continued : jeff another truck ? with who ? billy dunno . some man . bad man . they say I be a dummy , but I be not . I see thing . Jeff reel , struggle to stay focus . jeff do you know where they go ? billy uh-huh . Route seven . up by the river . jeff where by the river ? billy dunno . they do not tell I that kind of stuff . jeff who do not ? the bartender ? the man in the truck ? billy 's expression darken . he start back away . billy I be not talk to you no more . jeff billy , I need you to come to the police . if you tell they what you see , they will be able to help I . billy laugh . billy man , you be the dummy . Jeff look at he , confuse . billy do not you git it ? the police be the one in on it ! billy turn and run back into the diner . on Jeff 's sicken reaction , we -- CUT to : 46 . int . cherokee - day Jeff drive flat - out , he face grim . the speedometer read 100 mph . keeping he eye on the road , he thumb through the page of a pocket address book . he pick up the handheld cellular phone and dial . jeff c'mon ... work , goddammit ... the " no service " indicator beeps . jeff fuck . ext . crossroad - day the highway intersect Route 7 . the Cherokee slow just enough to take the corner without tipping over . it fly past a sign : " Route 7 - North . " CUT to : ext . route 7 - day the road ascend into the rocky hill above the desert plain . the route be narrow and windy , force Jeff to reduce he speed . int . cherokee - day Jeff drive , desperately search for any sign of a truck . there be no other vehicle on the road . he keep press the " redial " button . the " no service " indicator beeps over and over . ext . mountain - day the road curve through a tunnel , then climb higher , past sharp cliff and drop-off . Jeff follow the sign for " Route 7 . " int . cherokee - day something catch Jeff 's eye on the cell phone . for the first time , the " service " indicator blink green . Jeff immediately grab the phone again and press " redial . " ( continued ) 47 . continued : there be a burst of static , then we hear a scratchy ringing . the call be go through . jeff ( thank God ) yes . he wait for a answer . jeff hello , Steve ? it 's Jeff Taylor ... listen , I -- do not put I on hold ! I need a favor ... I have gotta talk to that friend of yours at the f.b.i ... no , it 's about Amy , she 's miss -- there be a burst of static . the reception be very poor . jeff I say Amy 's be -- more static . jeff fuck ! Jeff hold the phone tight to he ear . jeff yes , I be still here . no -- do not call back -- Steve ?! Steve ?! the signal cut off . Jeff slam the phone against the dash , furious . jeff goddammit ! he punch redial , get the " no service " beeping , then glance up , see a -- chainlink fence cover with high-visibility marker stretch across the road . the sign : " road close . " back to jeff he mash the brake . the cherokee skid to a halt just short of the fence . Jeff stare at it . ( continued ) 48 . continued : jeff shit ! he grind he tooth . Beyond the padlock gate , the highway continue as a unpave dirt road . he deliberate , then throw the Cherokee in reverse and do a three - point turn so he 's face back in the opposite direction . he look up , see -- dodge ram pickup truck have be hide in the bush off the road . it lurch forward and stop in the middle of the road , block Jeff 's escape . Jeff 's eye widen in fear as he recognize the vehicle and its driver : Earl . Earl get out of the cab with a hunt rifle . he raise it to he shoulder . earl ( call out ) out of the car ! put you hand where I can see them ! jeff swear , panic . earl I say get out , dammit ! now ! Jeff stare into the rifle , deliberate . his hand move to the gearshift . he jerk it into reverse and floor the gas ! cherokee peel out in reverse , snake wildly side to side , aim for the chainlink fence . it burst the fence ! pole and chain mesh go fly ! jeff crank the wheel and brake hard . the rear end of the Cherokee swing wide to the edge of the road . he throw the shift into drive and punch the throttle . 49 . earl jump in the Ram and take off in pursuit . jeff gun the engine . the Cherokee bounce wildly on the rutte , storm - damage road . he yank the four- wheel - drive lever . dirt road the huge pickup streak after the Cherokee , its 7.5 - liter v10 roaring , oversize tire devour the terrain . jeff gun the engine on the washboard road surface , the vibration nearly shaking the suspension apart while -- ram keep pace in the dust from its wake . Inside the cab , Earl can be see speak on a cb transmitter . jeff throw the Cherokee into a sharp turn in the road . as the car round the bend , he look up , reacting , as -- idled bulldozer block the road at a construction site . more unattend earthmove equipment fill the road beyond . jeff brake wildly . to he right , a cliff go straight up ; on the leave , a guardrail protect a steep ravine . he cut the wheel leave , crash through the guardrail and plunge into the ravine ! cherokee bounce wildly as it hurtle down the slope , crashing through sagebrush and manzanita . 50 . jeff cling to the wheel , toss about violently , as suitcase and pack box go everywhere . the Cherokee hit a bump on the steep slope and crash through the upper branch of a willow grove . as the leave part , we see ... a river . cherokee land on the passenger side with a splash and come to rest half - submerge in the rushing water . earl jerk the Ram to a halt , leap out and run to the edge of the road to look down on the Cherokee in the river . earl sonofabitch ... he grab the rifle and begin make he way down the slope . inside cherokee the world be sideways . Water rush into the car . Jeff be strapped into the driver 's seat by the seatbelt . the airbag deflate with a hiss . Jeff grimace in pain . he look around , blink . the river be flow right through the Cherokee ! luggage , styrofoam hamburger clamshell and empty Coke can bob on the surface of the water . Jeff fumble with the seatbelt release . the belt come free and he drop suddenly into the water on the passenger side . he get to he foot , reach overhead to unlatch the driver 's side door and push it open . he hoist himself through the door . riverbank Earl see Jeff emerge from the half - submerge Cherokee , level the rifle and fire ! 51 . jeff duck back inside the Cherokee , freaking . the passenger side be on the river- bottom and if he try to get out through the driver 's side , he 's a sit duck ! Jeff swear and look around , see a metal camera case underwater in the back seat . he grab the case and swing it at the windshield . the first three blow bounce off harmlessly . then the windshield shatter with a crash ! he take a deep breath , submerges and swim underwater through the break windshield . on bank Earl stiffen as he see movement in the water . several item of debris from the car be float on the current . earl fuck ! he begin move downstream along the bank , eyeing the river . underwater Jeff breaststroke for all he 's worth . Sand swirl in the swift current . he push away from a boulder in he path . he swim until he lung be burst , then surface for air . on bank Earl see Jeff break the surface . he aim the rifle and fire ! a bullet smack the water near Jeff 's head . then Jeff be under again . earl goddammit ... underwater Jeff struggle to stay in control . the current be turn swifter . his shoulder glance painfully off a boulder . 52 . on bank Earl work he way through the brush at the river 's edge . his foot land between two rock . he pull it out , swear . behind rock Jeff surface and gulp in air , stay out of sight of Earl on the bank . then he be down again . on bank Earl work he way along the shore . up ahead , the river run over rapid before pass around a bend . Earl hear a engine and turn . a huge move van have arrive on the dirt road overlook the ravine . he shout to the driver , point downriver . earl he 's get away ! the Driver shout something inaudible . Earl run along the bank , ducking under low-hanging branch . in rapid Jeff be carry over the rock by the fast- move current . he slam into a boulder , let out a cry and swallow a mouthful of water . a down tree hang over the river . Jeff grab desperately and take hold of a branch . he 's get it ! hanging on to the branch , he notice a familiar object float past in the water : the " 90,000 donut " pack . Jeff try to haul himself from the river . the branch bend under he weight . then it come free with a crack ! Jeff be carry downstream on the rush water . on bank Earl work he way along the shore . the unseen Driver of the van shout to he from upriver . driver of van ( o.s. ) where be he ? ( continued ) 53. continued : earl he 's in the water ! I just see he ! below rapid the river have turn slow again . Jeff fight to he foot in the shallow and stagger to the bank . he drop to he knee , retching . clutch he rib , he raise he head and look upriver . for the moment , there be no sign of Earl . but he could appear anytime . Jeff get to he foot , wince . he look up at the rocky canyon wall border the river . it 's steep but scalable . he begin climb . dissolve to : ext . rock outcropping - minute later Jeff have climb to higher ground . he lie flat on he belly and peer through a gap in the rock at the river valley below . jeff' Pov - river the man have give up they pursuit . the move van , a jumbo three - axle gmc , have turn around and back up to the edge of the ravine . a stocky man , al ( whom we recognize as Earl 's passenger at the minimart ) , operate a gas-power winch in the cargo door of the van . a cable run from the winch down to the Cherokee in the river . stand knee - deep in the current , Earl signal to Al while the winch slowly tug the Cherokee onto its wheel , then backwards out of the river . 54 . back to jeff watch in amazement . he can hear only snatch of they conversation . al ... can not believe you let he get away ... earl you try chase ... through this shit ... al fuck ... this be what happen when you get one without the other ... Jeff can not believe it . the Cherokee be be pull backwards up the slope toward the road . he belly - crawl back from the outcropping , get to he foot and climb higher . CUT to : ext . another part of cliff - later Jeff have move to higher ground . he crouch behind a stand of manzanita and look down at the activity below . jeff' Pov - road the Cherokee be now back on the road . operate the winch with precision efficiency , Earl and Al drag the Cherokee up a ramp into the rear of the move van . once the vehicle be aboard , they stow the ramp and close the van door . back to jeff watch in amazement , strain to hear what Earl and Al be say . behind Jeff , a pebble skitter on the rock . he turn , react . it 's billy -- the halfwit from the diner ! wield a shotgun like a club , he swing the butt at Jeff 's skull ! Jeff drop to the ground , unconscious . CUT to black . 55 . fade in : int . car trunk - day there be a creak as the trunk open . Jeff lie inside , daze and disorient , blink into the sun . his eye will not focus . Earl and billy stand over the trunk in silhouette . he can hear they voice : earl he come around ? billy should be ... I clocked he pretty good ... a gun barrel jab Jeff in the rib . billy rise and shine , dad . Jeff blink . a face slowly come into focus . be it really billy ? the halfwit from the diner ? only he be not a halfwit anymore . billy c'mon , shake a leg . Jeff look at billy . nothing make sense anymore . but one thing be clear : billy 's mental retardation be all a act . jeff ( weak ) where be she ? billy give we some answer and you might find out . accord to she , you have get a pretty good pile of ready cash sit in the bank . be that true ? jeff there 's some ... yeah ... billy uh-huh ... well , ' some ' do not cut it . you wife give we a dollar figure . I want the same exact from you . ( continued ) 56 . continued : jeff ( come around ; stalling ) I do not -- there 's different account ... the balance fluctuate ... billy fluctuates , my ass . if a hotshot like you be not tracking he bottom line , it would be the first time in history . ( turn ) what do you think , Earl ? earl we be fuck with , be what I think . Little slut lie to we . put them on the spot , they will say anything to stay alive . billy nod , disappointed . billy yeah , I suppose . too bad . ( peer down at Jeff ) guess you be not the donut magnate after all . ( to Earl ) waste of time . plug he . Earl raise a pistol . Jeff 's eye flash . jeff ( blurt out ) ninety thousand . Earl stop , glance at billy . they both eye Jeff carefully . billy say again . jeff ( emphatic ) ninety thousand dollar . a faint smile play on billy 's lip . he slam the trunk . int . car trunk - day it 's nearly pitch black . a beam of sunlight shine through a rusted hole . it illuminate Jeff 's eye . ( continued ) 57 . continued : the car shift into gear and set off across the desert . Jeff grunt as the car bounce on the uneven terrain . he brace against the confines of the trunk . the engine noise be deafen . the car hit a depression and jounce wildly . Jeff be throw about violently . CUT to : ext . mesa overlook - day there be a creak and the trunk open . Jeff squint into the sun . Earl and billy stand over the trunk . earl get out . do not try anything stupid . Jeff get out , grimace . his clothes be stain with grease and tire grime . he set he foot unsteadily on the ground , look around . we see that he have be confine in the trunk of a pontiac firebird . the firebird and dodge Ram be park on a bluff . Red stand on the high point , peer through binocular at the desert below . he glance at Jeff . red you be a tough man to get a hold of , Jeffrey . Jeff stare , a mix of emotion -- anger , fear , confusion . jeff ( barely able to control himself ) what do you want ? red it 's not I we be talk about . question be what you want . Jeff look at he with loathing . red see , I have get something you might want to buy . can not show you the merchandise right now , but I can describe it for you . about five - five , hundred and fifteen pound . I would say three , maybe four of that be tit . Black curly hair upstairs and down . interested ? ( continued ) 58 . continued : Jeff 's anger bubbles over ... jeff you sonofabitch -- he advance toward red. billy and Earl grab he from behind and tackle he to the ground . billy drive a fist into he kidney . Jeff gasp in pain . Red nod impassively . red bring he up here . Earl and billy hoist Jeff to he foot and propel he up the mound closer to Red . from here , Jeff can see a small desert town spread out below , as well as the highway lead through it . Red gesture . red welcome to brackett , Jeff . if ever there be a two - bit shithole in the middle of nowhere , this be it . one gas station , a half - dozen store and a v.f.w. hall. ( point ) see that building ? Jeff follow he gaze . red that 's the bank . brackett commerce Bank . you with I ? Jeff nod tightly . red then here 's the drill . you be gonna walk in there and tell the manager you want a express wire in the amount of $ 90,000 from you account in Boston . get you wallet ? Jeff nod . red you ask for the money in cash . small bill . ( more ) ( continued ) 59 . continued : red ( cont 'd ) today 's payday at the copper mine , so do not take any horsecock about how they have not get it . if the manager give you a hard time , that 's you problem . it 's you wife who 's count on you . jeff how do I know she 's still alive ? billy slug he in the gut again . Jeff double over . billy shut up . red she 's tuck away someplace safe . you get she back as soon as we get the money . simple as that . Jeff compress he lip . red now a smart guy like you , you be already think about call the cop , right ? Jeff say nothing . Red raise a hand -held cb to he mouth . he key the transmitter . red ( into mike ) Iron man to blacktop , let 's open the gate . al ( v.o. ) ( filter ) copy that , Iron man . Red turn back to Jeff . red like I say , Jeff , if you want to call the cop , there 's nothing I can do . Hell , with the fire you have get in you eye right now , I figure you be fix on call the f.b.i. , c.i.a. -- even the 82nd airborne . Jeff stare back . ( continued ) 60 . continued : red Problem be , you can see this town for mile around . so ask yourself : how 's the law gonna get here ? they gonna fly in ? drive in ? either way , we will see them . so let I be very clear : if we see one unmark car , one plane , one human be who even smell like a cop -- this deal be dead . he toss Jeff the binocular . red now take a look at the building with the flagpole . Jeff hesitates , then raise the binocular . through binoculars the image shift , then steadies and focus on a small building with a police cruiser out front and a barely legible sign : " brackett sheriff . " it 's the police station where Jeff file the miss person ' form earlier . red ( o.s. ) there 's exactly two cop in this town . one of they 's inside pull ass duty ; the other 's on patrol in the foothills . now a minute ago one of my man call in a non-injury accident on the I - 40 connector . deputy carver come out of the building gulp down a sandwich . he get in the cruiser and pull away , light flash . red ( o.s. ) it will take that good ol ' boy 20 minute to get to the connector , another 10 to see there 's no accident , and another 20 or so to tool he way back . 50 minute all in . the cruiser pull away down the highway . 61 . jeff lower the binocular and look at Red . red that 's you deadline . if for any reason one of that cop pull into town before I be look at a bag of money , you wife be dead , you be shit out of luck and we be go for good . he smile at Jeff . red see , that 's why there 's no risk to we in this thing . you do the legwork . we sit back , we watch , we listen to we scanner , we monitor you every step of the way . if at any moment we do not like something , we split . period . ( beat ) helluva lot safer than stick up 7 - 11 , would not you say ? they lock eye . Red toss Jeff a windbreaker . red put this on . you can not go into the bank like that . Jeff put on the jacket . it cover he filthy shirt . Red check he watch . red how about it , Jeff ? time to get the show on the road ? on Jeff 's expression ... CUT to : ext . bottom of mesa - day Jeff stumble and nearly fall as he descend the loose rock at the foot of the mesa . he look up at the ridge , but Red and he crew have pull back out of view . Jeff start across a open field toward the town , first jogging , then run . 62 . ext . STREET - day Jeff hurry toward the bank . he look back at the mesa again . the gang have disappear . up ahead , a mud-streaked pickup cruise the main street . Jeff eye it warily . be it one of theirs ? the truck pull around a corner . int . bank - day Jeff push through the main door . it 's a typical small town operation . a guard stand near the entrance . several customer wait in line for the woman teller . Jeff look at the slow - move line and swear softly . he do not have time to wait . he glance around , see a older man sit at a desk in the rear of the bank , the nameplate on the desk identify he as Roger calhoun . Jeff approach . jeff I need to see the manager . I need a wire transfer from my bank in Boston . calhoun look up from he paperwork , hesitates at Jeff 's appearance . calhoun yes ... sir . I be the manager . would you like to have a seat ? Jeff remain stand . he eye the other customer nervously . calhoun Sir ? jeff ( turn ; preoccupy ) what ? calhoun I say you can have a seat if you want . jeff right . he take a seat across the desk from the manager , reach into he wallet and bring out several form of identification . ( continued ) 63. continued : jeff here 's my driver 's license , credit card if you need it , my account number in Boston ... how long be this go to take ? calhoun look at he curiously . calhoun be you all right ? jeff ( quickly ) yes , I be fine . look , that account only have $ 5,000 in it . how much can you advance I on my credit card ? calhoun Excuse I ? jeff ( impatient ) my credit card . I have get a $ 6,000 limit . can you advance I the whole $ 6,000 ? calhoun look mystify . calhoun no , I can not . for non - customer the limit be $ 500 a day . Sir , be you sure you be all right ? jeff yes , I be fine . just ... transfer the money , okay ? calhoun raise a eyebrow and begin fill out the transfer form . Jeff eye he , decide he have to risk it . he lean toward the desk . jeff look , I be go to tell you something . whatever happen , just keep fill out that form , okay ? calhoun ( look up ; baffle ) Sir ? jeff there be people watch -- ( continued ) 64 . continued : cowboy ( o.s. ) Excuse I , you the manager ? Jeff turn . a guy wear cowboy boot and a feed cap stand behind he . calhoun yes , I be . cowboy Lady over there say to see you about a car loan . calhoun ( indicate wait area ) certainly , sir . would you like to have a seat ? the guy take a seat ten foot away . Jeff look at he , paranoid . they eye meet . Jeff look away quickly . calhoun ( turn back to Jeff ) you be say , Mr. Taylor ? jeff just ... transfer the money . CUT to : int . bank rest room - day Jeff enter and lock the door . he startles at he reflection in the mirror . he be sunburn , dirty , lacerate . he open a cabinet and rifle through the supplies , look for anything that could be use as a weapon . he toss aside detergent and air freshener . he pick up the toilet plunger , pull the wooden rod from the rubber base . he swing it into he palm a few time , testing it as a club . it 's too bulky . he will not be able to conceal it . he check he watch . time be run out . he take one last look around the bathroom , then exit . 65 . int . bank - day Jeff come out of the rest room . the manager be behind the teller 's counter . the cowboy be go . in he place sit a middle - age blue collar worker . he look at Jeff . Jeff take a seat , glance at calhoun 's empty desk . there be a letter opener on the desk , several paper band for wrapping currency . position he body so no one can see , Jeff take the letter opener and slip it into he sleeve . he scoops up a handful of currency wrapper . Jeff go to the teller 's window , scribbles something on the back of a deposit slip and hand it to the teller . jeff would you tell the manager I want the money in this denomination ? the teller look at he oddly . CUT to : ext . STREET - day Jeff come out of the bank with a manila envelope , glance up and down the street . there 's no sign of the man . he squint toward the mesa . no sign of they there either . he stand there . what 's he suppose to do now ? he check he watch , grow anxious . finally he be about to jog back in the direction he come , when ... a phone ring . Jeff turn . there 's a pay phone down the street . it ring again . he approach quickly , lift the receiver . jeff I be here . red ( v.o. ) ( filter ) no shit . I can see that . how much you get ? Jeff look up and down the street , try to figure out where they be watch from . he look toward the bank , glimpsis the manager peer through the window . jeff the whole thing . ninety thousand . ( continued ) 66 . continued : red ( v.o. ) ( filter ) good . turn leave and start walk toward the main road . get in the first car that stop . jeff when do I see my wife ? red ( v.o. ) ( filter ) when I say so . now walk . the line click . Jeff hang up and start walk . CUT to : int . bank - day calhoun speak on the phone . calhoun Marie , this be Roger calhoun down at the bank . be the sheriff there ? ( a beat ) well , maybe it 's nothing , but you might tell he we just have a fellow in here act kind of strange ... CUT to : ext . highway - outskirt of town - day Jeff walk along the road , carry the envelope . various car pass in either direction , but none slow down . Jeff stiffen as a 18 - wheeler approach . but the truck thunder past , blow a cloud of dust and sand in he face . Jeff continue walk , anxiously check over he shoulder every few moment . his eye narrow . the dodge Ram pickup be cruise toward he . it slow , then brake to a halt . the passenger door open . Earl sit behind the wheel , aim a automatic pistol . earl toss the envelope on the seat . ( continued ) 67 . continued : Jeff stand firm . jeff no . first you tell I where she be . earl wrong , asshole . first you give I the money , then you find out . unless you want I to shoot you dead right here on the highway . Jeff look around , wonder if Earl would risk shoot he in view of pass traffic . Jeff hesitates , then toss the envelope on the seat . Earl open it , reach in and pull out several packet of currency . they be wrap with paper band and appear to be stack of fifty and hundred . he replace they and gesture at Jeff with the gun . earl now lift you shirt and jacket and turn around . Jeff comply . Earl see that he be not carry a gun . he beckon Jeff toward the truck with the automatic . earl turn around , hand behind you back , and step toward the truck . Jeff take two backwards step toward the passenger side door . Earl grab he arm , yank roughly and wrap they with several layer of duct tape . earl now get up in the truck , knee on the floor . do it now ! Jeff struggle into a awkward kneel position on the floor , face the rear of the pickup , he belly press against the seat . Earl reach over and pull the door shut . he throw the truck in gear and start drive . Jeff grimace , look up at he . jeff I give you the money . now let she go . ( continued ) 68 . continued : earl ' let she go . ' do I look like I have she ? jeff what the hell -- Earl backhand Jeff against the passenger door . there be a ringing sound and Earl pull a cell phone from he pocket . he press a button and raise it to he face . earl ( on phone ) it 's do . I be head in . ( a beat ; listen ) gotcha . he end the call and toss the cell phone on the dash . earl you gotta be the dumbest motherfuck yet . you think we pick you out of the blue ? New car , Massachusetts plate -- probably be day before anyone miss you . Hell , you shoulda get the bumper sticker that go with it : ' Rich asshole look for trouble ! ' he tuck the pistol in he belt . Jeff look at he , seethe . Jeff try to squirm free . Earl see it and belt he across the temple . Jeff slam into the passenger door , wince . earl I would have love to see the look on you face when that car seize up . ( mimick panicked driver ) help , help , I be not get no power ! Earl laugh . Jeff have come to rest with he back against the door . by contort he arm , he be able to draw the letter opener from he pocket . he manipulate the letter opener into position and begin cut the duct tape that bind he wrist . ( continued ) 69 . continued : steering with one hand , Earl reach into the envelope , pull out a packet of bill and wave it in Jeff 's face . Jeff saw faster at the duct tape . earl you know what I be gonna do first with you money , boy ? well , do you ? Jeff glare at he . earl ( flutter bill under he nose ) I will give you a hint . only one thing smell better than money . you wanta guess what ? Earl laugh obscenely . he riffle the bill under he nose again , then stop abruptly , frown . he look down at the bill . earl what the hell ? Earl stare at the bill . Jeff work feverishly behind he back . Earl pull out another packet , then another , examine the bill . earl this be ... it 's nothing but singles ... ( erupting ) you lyin ' sonofabitch ! there be a ripping SOUND . Jeff wrest he hand free and lunge across the cab . he plant the letter opener in Earl 's shoulder ! earl aaagghh ! ext . mountain road - day the pickup veer across the center line on the narrow mountain road . it swerve back , over - correct wildly , and drift for the opposite shoulder . int . pickup - day Jeff seize the pistol from Earl 's waistband . Earl flail and knock the pistol from he grasp . ( continued ) 70 . continued : the pistol fly onto the floor . Earl uncork a vicious backhand . Jeff 's head snap sideways . he grab Earl by the arm and twist sharply . Earl howl ! ext . mountain road - day the pickup careen back and forth across the treacherous roadway . int . pickup - day Jeff grope on the floor . his hand close around the pistol and he swing it at Earl -- crack ! Earl 's nose erupt ! Jeff reach across and jam he foot on the brake . ext . mountain road - day the pickup screech and come to a halt straddle the road . int . pickup - day Jeff swing the pistol into Earl 's face -- crack ! Earl try to fend off the blow . Jeff creams he again -- crack ! int . tow truck - day a tow truck driver travel in the opposite direction pull to a stop . he gawk at the two man struggle in the pickup . int . pickup - day Jeff aim the pistol at point blank range . Earl be a bloody wreck . his head loll groggily . jeff where be she , goddammit ? what would you do with she ? Earl sneer . Jeff be about to slug he again when he notice the two truck park across the road , the driver stare out . ( continued ) 71 . continued : Jeff swear and wrestle Earl into the passenger seat . he seize the roll of duct tape and bind Earl 's wrist , then pass the tape under he leg so Earl be effectively hog-ty . he then slam Earl back in the seat , circle he neck twice with tape and wrap the free end around the base of the passenger side headrest . Earl begin to gasp for air . the tow truck Driver get out and approach . tow truck driver hey ! you there ! Jeff get behind the wheel and throw the pickup into gear . ext . mountain road - day the two truck Driver leap out of the way as the pickup surge forward , tire smoking . he stare open - mouth after the depart vehicle . int . pickup - day Jeff drive , one hand on the wheel , the other brandish the pistol at Earl . jeff where be she ?! earl ( barely able to breathe ) fuck you ! Jeff swing the pistol . there be a crack of explode tooth ! Earl 's mouth erupt with frothy blood ! jeff you like that ? how about this ? Jeff hit the brake . Earl be throw forward , let out a strangle cry as the duct tape choke off he windpipe . jeff four wheel anti-lock brake , you sonofabitch ! you want to try them again ? ( continued ) 72 . continued : he hit the brake again , harder . Earl 's tongue protrude from he lip , choke . his face be red . jeff how about a emergency stop ? you want to try that , Earl ? where be she ? earl I do not know ! jeff fuck you , you do not ! he slam the brake again . Earl 's eye bulge sickeningly . he be be choke to death . earl stop ! jeff be that what you want ? you really want I to stop ? ' Cause I bet this baby stop on a dime ! CUT to : int . police cruiser - day travel in the opposite direction , sheriff boyd be return toward town . as he round a bend in the road , he see -- ext . mountain road - day the Ram drive erratically and weaving back and forth across the road . int . police cruiser - day the sheriff react . sheriff boyd what the hell ? ext . highway - day as the Ram pass , sheriff boyd throw the cruiser into a screeching 180 - degree turn . he flick on the siren and take off in pursuit . 73. int . dodge ram - day Jeff glance in the rearview mirror . the cruiser be on they tail , siren wailing , light flash . he swear and pump the brake in a series of rapid burst . jeff end of the line , Earl ! how about it ? you gonna tell I ? earl she 's with billy . jeff yeah ? where 's that ? earl I do not know ! driving around ! Jeff hit the brake again . int . cruiser - day sheriff boyd jerk the wheel to avoid a collision with the pickup as it slow and accelerate in rapid spurt . sheriff boyd ( on radio ) repeat , I be in pursuit of a dodge Ram pickup . request back - up , repeat , request back -up ! ext . highway - day the cruiser pull up alongside the pickup ... int . cruiser - day boyd react in amazement to what he see -- sheriff boyd Jesus Christ -- ( on radio ) dispatch ! suspect identify as one Jeffrey Taylor , repeat , Jeffrey Taylor ! boyd tap he brake , fall back behind the pickup . int . pickup - day Jeff be wild - eye . ( continued ) 74 . continued : jeff where be you take the money ? earl ( lose it ) to the truck stop ... jeff where ? earl Main highway ... texaco ... Jeff have the information he need . he slam on the brake ! int . cruiser - day sheriff boyd swerve to avoid a crash as the ram screech to a halt in front of he ! ext . highway - day the cruiser skid to a stop . Jeff leap from the pickup with the pistol in he hand . he rush toward the cruiser . sheriff boyd hop out , level he service revolver . jeff I know where she be ! my wife ! sheriff boyd ( ignore he ) Drop the gun ! Jeff pitch the gun away and it skitter down a embankment . he raise he hand . jeff you do not understand ! she 's be kidnap ! sheriff boyd I understand plenty . now get down on the ground or I will shoot ! he mean it . 75 . int . pickup - day Earl struggle for breath . the duct tape be still tight around he neck . he strain against the tape bind he limb . he glance in the side view mirror to see the sheriff order Jeff down on the ground . by wriggle and contort he wrist , Earl be able to tear one hand free . then he pull away the rest of the duct tape from he knee . the tape be still wrap tightly around he neck , pin he to the backrest . Earl claw at the tape , but it will not come free . finally , with both hand , he reach behind he head and yank the read rest from the seat . he reach into he boot for something ... ext . highway - day Jeff be spread-eagled on the ground . sheriff boyd call out to Earl in the cab . he keep he gun levele . sheriff boyd you there -- in the pickup ! you all right ? can you get out ? earl yeah ! just do not shoot I , officer ! he 's crazy , I tell you ! sheriff boyd well , get out dammit ! jeff Officer , please . you gotta listen to I -- sheriff boyd ( glance down at Jeff ) shut up . ( to Earl ) C 'mon out , sir . it 's safe -- Earl set one foot on the road . the headrest dangle against he back , still tape to he neck . suddenly Earl whirl , hold a .22 snub-nose revolver and fire ! the sheriff stumble away , blood spurting from he shoulder , the gun fly from he hand . Jeff look up in horror as the sheriff fall . ( continued ) 76 . continued : Earl come around the pickup after Jeff , raise the gun to fire . Jeff scramble to he foot and dive down the embankment . Earl run to the edge of the embankment . down below , Jeff be reach for the automatic pistol the sheriff order he to drop . he find it ... too late ... Earl be aim at point- blank range from the top of the embankment . he be already squeezing the trigger when ... blam ! Earl 's chest erupt outward as a bullet pass through he body from behind ! Earl stagger and flop down the embankment . he come to rest near Jeff , blood gurgle from a massive chest wound . Jeff climb the embankment . the sheriff be lie on the road , critically injure , gun lie nearby and still smoking from the shot that kill Earl . the sheriff be struggle to speak into a remote transmitter strapped to he uniform . sheriff boyd ( weak ) Shots fire ... Officer down ... suspect ... dispatcher ( v.o. ) help be on the way , sheriff . just hang on . I have unit and a ambulance en route . Jeff bend over the sheriff and examine he wound with a grimace . he be verge on unconsciousness . Jeff deliberate , tear . there be nothing he can do here . make up he mind , Jeff run to the pickup . the hand - hold cellular phone have spill into the road . he scoops it up , jump behind the wheel and lay rubber . CUT to : ext . bluff - day Jeff stand on a ridge overlook a texaco truck stop . behind he , the dodge Ram pickup lie hide in a growth of scrub oak and tumbleweed . Jeff look overwhelm by what he see spread out below . 77 . jeff' Pov - texaco truck stop it 's a giant truck stop . there be hundred of big rig park in row like silvery sardine . a sign tower over the main building : " diesel $ .99 gal . " back to jeff he look shake . how will he ever find Red here ? it seem impossible . he descend the bluff to the truck stop . ext . truck stop - day Jeff skid on he heel down the loose hillside and reach the edge of the parking lot . there be truck everywhere . diesel motor rumble . exhaust fill the air . he reach the end of a row of big rig , start search the grounds for the marking of Red 's 18 - wheeler . it 's nowhere in sight . a high - pitch feminine squeal from a adjacent truck 's sleep compartment startles Jeff . trucker ( o.s. ) ( muffle ) c'mon , baby , give it up ! the woman giggle , o.s. Jeff ignore it , scan the truck stop . he stiffen . a police car be arrive at the truck stop . stay out of sight , Jeff pass quickly to the rear of a tractor trailer . ext . truck wash - day Jeff peer out from behind a park mini-van as truck emerge wet and drip from a immense truck wash . across the way , truck be fill up on diesel at the gas island . Jeff 's eye narrow . be that Red 's peterbilt among they ? he quicken he pace , then fall back , slumping . the rig 's black driver be get in the cab . Jeff glance to the side , frown . ( continued ) 78 . continued : a older vacation couple be eyeing Jeff warily . Jeff look down , cop to it instantly . his clothes be rip , cake with blood . he duck between two park car , use a side - view mirror as he hastily wipe blood off he face . he check to be sure no one be watch . something catch he eye . ext . bluff - jeff' Pov a highway patrol car with flash light be park near the place where Jeff ditch the pickup . beside it , a state trooper survey the truck stop with binocular . ext . truck wash - day Jeff 's jaw tighten . he glance toward the road , see two more highway patrol car cruise the perimeter of the truck stop . swear , Jeff turn on he heel and walk away in the opposite direction , shield he face . ext . truck stop parking lot - day Jeff emerge from between two vehicle , glance over he shoulder nervously . he keep he head down , move fast . he scan the truck stop in all direction . the patrol car be still park on the ridge , the patrolman peer through binocular . Jeff quicken he pace alongside the truck stop building , pass a row of pay phone . he look up , stop dead . Red be talk on a pay phone six foot away . Jeff stare . Red be face away , unaware of he presence . Jeff dart into a adjacent pay phone . he shield he face with the receiver and listen . red ( on phone ) I do not know , dammit , he be suppose to be here a half hour ago . there 's report on the police band about a cop down and this place be crawl with uniform ... ( continued ) 79 . continued : Red wait , listen . red look , I be get out of here . stay off the airwave . bring the girl and meet I at the barn ... you get that ? he hang up . Jeff press the phone against he face and turn away . when he look up , Red be walk toward he peterbilt truck , park in a row of big rig . Jeff start to follow , then freeze . several cop be fan out on foot , question everyone they encounter . Jeff see Red get into he truck . the engine kick over . the brake hiss and the truck begin pull out . Jeff whip around . the older vacation couple be talk to a cop fifty yard away . the husband point toward the pay phone . Jeff make a sudden decision , double back behind a roll farm truck . cop thanks the couple , call out something to he fellow officer . jeff run alongside the farm truck , use it as a shield . he overtake the truck , cut across its path . the farmer blare he horn . Jeff glance leave . Red 's tractor trailer be travel across the crowded parking area , slowly gain speed . Jeff sprint in front of a move car . the driver jerk to a halt and honk , catch the attention of a nearby cop . Jeff quickly turn away , avoid be see . Red 's 18 - wheeler turn toward the access road . Jeff look around , panicked . more cop be spread out on foot . they will notice he any second . ( continued ) 80 . continued : Jeff crouch low and scurries underneath a slow - move postal truck . the truck speed up , nearly crush he under the rear wheel assembly . Jeff roll out of the path of the giant wheel , get to he foot on the other side and find himself ... ... in the path of another huge truck ! a cop be stand only 20 foot away ! Jeff go underneath another trailer , crawl between the move wheel . he spring to he foot . Red 's peterbilt be pull away ! Jeff run for all he 's worth . his arm and leg pump furiously . he run abreast of the truck ... ... and seize the spare tire mount ! ext . interstate - under truck - day Jeff hang on for dear life . his leg drag over the asphalt . he let out a cry of pain . the truck be join the highway , accelerate . grimace , Jeff swing he leg over the universal joint as the roadway race past below . the huge tire be a howling blur . suddenly he grip falter on the grease . his back scrape the rush asphalt . Jeff gasp , make a grab and hold firm . as he hang on , a station wagon overtake the peterbilt in the pass lane . a three - year- old boy sit in the rear compartment , stare out at Jeff , a puzzle expression on he face . Jeff stare back . it 's a odd moment between the two . the station wagon continue forward and exit frame . ext . interstate - day the peterbilt thunder over a patch of highway that be be grade for pave . 81 . ext . under truck - day the tire kick up a hail storm of loose gravel and dirt , pelting Jeff all over he body . he realize he can not stay where he be . grunting with effort , he work he way hand over hand along the underside rigging toward the cab . he seize the trailer hitch and hoist himself up . ext . between cab and trailer - day stand on the coupler , Jeff clutches he rib and catch he breath . he 's in pain . the road whip by below he foot . the truck hit a uneven stretch of road and bounce violently . Jeff grab the coiled brake line for support . the truck be do 70 mph , exhaust racketing . Jeff pull the cell phone from he pocket and dial 911 . he hold it tightly to he ear , shouting above the wind . jeff ( on phone ) hello ? can you hear I ? this be Jeff Taylor . I need to talk to the deputy . he strain to hear the reply . jeff the name be Jeffrey Taylor . I just witness you sheriff be shot . now put someone on , goddammit ! he wait . int . truck cab - day Red glance in the side mirror at the road behind he as he drive , unaware of Jeff 's presence . ext . truck coupler - day Jeff clutches the cell phone to he ear , wait . he react suddenly as the call be put through . jeff hello ? intercut with : 82. int . police station - day deputy carver speak on a phone extension while the dispatcher sit nearby . deputy carver it 's no good . he 's not talk . you better mobilize you boy . the trooper stare back . they look like they have a score to settle . CUT to : ext . red' peterbilt - day the truck streak along the interstate . sitting on the coupler , Jeff be a picture of despair . dissolve to : ext . red' peterbilt - dusk hour later . the truck race toward the bloat lowering sun , with no sign of slow down . Jeff lie curl under the windfoil on the roof of the cab . he hug himself , shiver in the cold draft . dissolve to : ext . red' peterbilt - night the tractor trailer rumble in low gear along a sparsely populate two - lane road . a neighborhood dog yap . ext . roof of truck cab - night from he hide place under the windfoil , Jeff peer out into the darkness , unable to figure out where he be . he catch he balance as the truck turn a corner and slow , drive past a tract of undevelop land , before turn into the driveway of a ... ext . residential lot - night and brake to a halt under the broad overhange eave of a old dilapidate barn . ( continued ) 83. continued : behind the two -story farm house , a rusted volkswagen bus and satellite dish hunker in the weed . a new car , a 1981 cadillac deville , be park to the side . Red kill the engine and climb out of the cab . as he walk toward the house , a screen door slap . deke , 9 , squirt across the lawn in he pajamas . deke daddy , you be home ! Red scoops he up . red hey , deke , you miss I ? arleen , 35 , come out of the house in a bathrobe . arleen deke , get back to bed ! I say now ! ( to Red ) Warren ? I think you be come back next week . she come out into the yard . ext . truck cab - night Jeff flatten against the sleeper . he can see Red greeting he wife , they word carry faintly across the lawn . Jeff be baffle by this domestic scene . ext . yard - night arleen react with disappointment to something Red 's tell she . arleen ... but it 's four in the morning . why can not Al and billy come some other time ? red ( reason ) I tell you , we have get some stuff to take care of . wo not be more than a couple of hour -- I promise . Red turn to he son , extend a key . ( continued ) 84 . continued : red say , deke , how ' bout open up the barn for you daddy ? deke take the key and sprint for the barn while Red return to the cab , pass within several foot of Jeff 's hide place . he reach into the cab , bring out a duffel bag and unzip it . Jeff keep he breathe shallow , squeeze against the windfoil . red deke , c'mon over here , I get something for you . deke run up , breathless . Red hold two hand behind he back . Red and deke be just six foot from Jeff . red guess which hand . deke ( point to right hand ) this one . Red open he right hand . empty . red nope . try again . deke ( point to leave ) this hand . Red open he leave . empty . red nope . deke ( he 's be trick ) dad ... red ( laugh ) okay , okay , I will give it to you . he open he hand , revealing Jeff 's swiss Army knife . deke cool ! ( continued ) 85 . continued : deke take the knife and run off . Red go to the rear of the trailer , unlock it and raise the slatted door . he hop up inside . his footstep echo in the metal trailer . we hear he shifting box . ext . barn - night Jeff seize he chance . he crawl out from under the windfoil and hoist himself onto the overhange eave . the structure creak under he weight . inside trailer Red stick he head out of the trailer , puzzle . red deke ? deke , you back there ? ext . roof of barn - night Jeff crouch in the shadow . he can see Red poke he head out from the trailer , peer up at the roof . inside trailer Red shrug , let it go . he resume unload box , toss down a full set of Louis vuitton luggage . he lug the item into the barn . ext . roof of barn - night Jeff go to a second -story window . a board have be nail over the window . he pull it away , step into ... int . barn hayloft - night and look around , amaze . everywhere around he there be steal goods . match luggage set ... a rack of woman 's coat ... a table pile with camera ... a crate fill with car phone ... a stack of windshield ... two set of golf club ... three child safety seat ... a ten-speed bicycle ... ( continued ) 86 . continued : several dozen " commercial vehicle " license plate be scattered about -- Arkansas , Oregon , Texas , Iowa , South dakota ... as Jeff stare , reeling , there be a rumble outside . ext . barn - night Red look up from tote a box of car stereo and snarl wiring as the move van and pontiac firebird arrive at the barn . he beckon for the vehicle to pull forward into ... int . barn - night Al dismount from the move truck . billy climb out of the firebird . they be travel - sore , stretch . Red shut the door behind they . al man , if I never see another couple from Massachusetts it will be too soon . red tell I about it . you get any word on Earl ? billy ( shake head ) there 's report of a accident up five mile , but that 's about it . Red grunt , unlatch the door to the move van , lower a ramp . the three man begin unload box . int . barn hayloft - night Jeff lie on he belly peer through a knothole . jeff' Pov through knothole the man unload Jeff and Amy 's belonging -- luggage , photography equipment , miscellaneous item . Inside the move van , the batter Jeep Cherokee be visible , partially cover with a tarp . ( continued ) 87 . continued : billy I tell you we shoulda get rid of them like that couple up in Utah . Nice and clean . red so it get a little fuck up -- so what ? we stay out of the area for a while , thing will cool off . there be a hammering noise , o.s. Red look over , irritate . red dammit , Al , what the hell you do ? Al sit at a workbench hammer precious stone out of Amy 's jewelry . he look over at Red . al figure I would get start on the jewelry . red fuck that , you can work on it later . help we with the girl . int . barn hayloft - night Jeff breathes in sharply , press he eye against the knothole . int . barn ground floor - night Red unlatch a hide compartment under the chassis of the move truck . he and billy slide out a long metal box , similar to a drawer in a morgue . they lift the metal lid , revealing -- canvas sack the sack be stain and rip . Red poke at it . the sack do not move . Red shrug . red must have die from the exhaust . 88. int . barn hayloft knothole - night Jeff stare , paralyze , he universe explode . moisture form in he eye . int . barn ground floor - night billy and Al reach into the compartment , start to lift out the sack . red I will get some plastic . we will bury she before it get light out . suddenly the sack drive its leg into Al 's belly . al ( startle ) aagh ! Al fall backward , drop the sack on the floor . it tear open revealing Amy -- gag with duct tape , she wrist and ankle tape . she squirm and kick wildly , she scream muffle . int . barn hayloft knothole - night we see Jeff 's eye in the knothole . it 's all we need to see to gauge the effect on he of see Amy alive . int . barn ground floor - night Al get to he foot , furious . al goddamn . scare I half to death . billy ( chuckle ) gotcha good , huh , Al ? oughta be more careful next time . al shut up . ( glaring at Amy ) lemme do she , Red . I will cut she head off right now . arleen ( o.s. ) ( muffle ) Warren ? you in there ? Red react . ( continued ) 89 . continued : red shit , it 's my wife . help I get she in the freezer . ( call out ) just a second , arleen . Red walk to a corner , move aside a section of false flooring . he pull up a hide trap door , revealing a root cellar . amy squirm on the hay-strewn floor . her clothes be rip , face bruise . she look up , reacting : Jeff 's eye be visible in the knothole . they gaze meet ... and hold ... red return and take Amy by the leg . Al and billy lift she by the arm . as they carry she to the root cellar , Red peer into she terrify face . red do not worry , honey . it 's not as bad as it sound . it will take you about 10 minute to suck the air out . probably will not even feel it . Amy react , writhe even more violently , but she 's no match for the three man . barn hayloft Jeff watch helplessly as ... barn ground floor the man disappear with Amy into the cellar . we hear a metallic thud , then a few moment later , the man reappear without she . Red close the trap door , secure it with a heavy padlock , then slide the panel of false flooring over it . red c'mon , let 's go . they turn , walk toward the door . Red open it . arleen be stand there . Al and billy greet she politely : ( continued ) 90 . continued : al billy howdy , arleen . hey , missus c. arleen well finally . be you come to breakfast ? I have be call you . red sure thing , honey . the barn go dark as the man leave . the barn door roll shut . a lock click . int . barn hayloft - night Jeff quickly climb down a ladder in the pitch darkness . he cross the room , bump into a workbench . he swear , make he way toward the ... int . rear of barn - night Jeff drop to he hand and knee , feel for the padlock trap door . he find it , speak in a urgent whisper . jeff Amy ? Amy , can you hear I ? no reply . Jeff cup he hand , press he mouth to the floor . jeff ( louder ) Amy ? still no reply . Jeff swear , glance around the dark room . there be a tool bench across the room . jeff hang on , baby . they be in the house ; I can not use the light . I be gonna get you out . he go to the tool bench , fumble in the darkness . he knock over a cardboard box -- a pile of car key spill across the table . his hand run over a assortment of tool . he locate a hammer , take it . returning to the trap door , Jeff insert the claw in the padlock and try to pry it open . the lock will not give . ( continued ) 91 . continued : he strain , use all he strength . suddenly the handle snap ! Jeff fly backwards . jeff fuck ! he get up , go to the tool bench . his hand feel over and reject a assortment of small tool . he find a crowbar , return to the trap door and insert it into the shackle , twist with all he might . after several fail attempt , he swear . jeff it 's not work . if I make any more noise , they will hear . Jeff mull he option . he set he jaw , exhales . jeff I be go to get you out of there , Amy . he swallow , emotional , clearly tear . jeff I love you . ( under he breath ) please , God , let she still be alive . int . barn - moving van cab - night Jeff open the door . a weak dome light flicker on . he climb up into the cab and try turn on the cb radio , but no luck -- the key be go . he open the glove compartment . there be map , trip log , truck stop receipt . he rifle through they quickly . Jeff frown , get on the floor of the cab and grope under the driver 's seat . his eye register a discovery . he bring out a big black semi-automatic pistol . Jeff study the base of the grip , clearly unfamiliar with gun . he fumble with the clip , eject it . the clip be full of bullet . he snap the clip back in place . ( continued ) 92 . continued : jeff ( under he breath ) fuck you , asshole . CUT to : ext . barn - night Jeff climb out of the window onto the broad overhange eave . he step to the edge of the roof and lower himself onto the peterbilt cab , then drop to the ground . he look around . Red 's be the only house visible . a light flicker in the tree a mile away . it could be anything . Jeff move toward the house . ext . red' house - back porch - night Jeff hold the gun ready as he ease open the screen door . the door creak on its hinge . Jeff step into ... int . red' house - rear entryway - night Jeff let the door close silently . there be voice come from a distant room . he pass a wash machine , a hamper full of dirty clothes , and move silently down ... hallway toward the voice . video game sound effect emanate from a room off the hall . Jeff flatten against the wall , peer into the live room . seat on the floor with he back to Jeff , deke be play nintendo on a wide - screen television . various item be scattered about : stereo speaker , a jukebox , a brand new Nordic track . there be a rifle rack across the room . stepping past the doorway , Jeff continue down the hall toward ... int . red' kitchen - night Red be in the middle of tell a story . arleen , billy and Al sit around the table . ( continued ) 93. continued : the plate be clear away . they be drink beer . red ... so there I be , it 's a howling snow storm , I have get 2000 live chicken that be suppose to be in Denver day ago , and this cop be busting my ball because I have not get chain ... arleen and the man laugh heartily . red so what happen but this big old rooster , damn thing must have weigh ten pound , he reach out toward that highway patrolman ... Al glance toward the door , stop laugh . billy and arleen follow he gaze , go silent . red ... just reach out with he beak , see , and ... Red notice he audience be no longer pay attention . he turn in he chair , see -- reverse angle - jeff stand in the doorway . aiming the pistol . his clothes cake with blood and dirt . he sway slightly . nobody else move . jeff give I the key . red ( placate ) now hold on , mister . I do not know who you be or what you want -- jeff give I the fuck key ! there be silence . red ( a beat ) mister -- ( continued ) 94 . continued : jeff do not mister I , you sonofabitch ! my wife be lock in a hole in you fuck barn ! you do not give I the key , I will blow you fuck head off ! arleen glance at Red , frighten . arleen ( clueless ) Warren ? what 's go on ? red I do not know , honey . just stay calm -- jeff ( to arleen ) you husband 's a kidnapper and a murderer be what 's go on ! do you know that about he ? huh ? ( gesture ) ever wonder where all this stuff come from ? arleen look up at Jeff , scared . she start to open she mouth , when -- deke ( o.s. ) stick them up . Jeff turn . nine -year-old deke be aim a rifle at Jeff from the hallway . the rifle look enormous in he hand . the boy 's lip quiver . the room be silent . no one move . Jeff keep the pistol aim at Red . he swallow , speak slowly : jeff you do not want to do that , kid . just put the gun down . red ( firm ) do not listen to he , deke . keep the gun on he . jeff put the gun down . ( continued ) 95 . continued : deke ( voice quavering ) my daddy keep he rifle load all the time . he show I in case I need to protect mommy when he 's away . jeff I understand that , deke . I be not gonna hurt mommy . but if you pull that trigger , there 's a chance I will still kill you father . red he 's lie , deke . he can not get I . just pull the trigger . jeff no , deke , do not listen to he . he 's wrong . red plug he , boy ! do what I tell you ! deke look at he father , fight back tear . his finger tighten on the trigger . red that 's right , boy . do it . do not worry about I . deke whimper , squeeze the trigger ... jeff deke , no -- ! suddenly , billy bolt from the table . the rifle fire ! the recoil knock deke off he foot . the bullet rip into Al 's shoulder ! al oww -- goddammit , you little shit ! Red be out of he chair . Jeff dive first and seize the rifle . he whirl , aim the pistol at Red . jeff do not fuck move ! everyone freeze . ( continued ) 96 . continued : Jeff sidestep to the window . billy be run across the yard . be he head for the barn ? Jeff swear , turn back . jeff deke ? deke ? get on you foot ! deke rise , tear stream down he face . jeff it 's okay , kid . go over there , stand next to you mother . hurry up . deke obey . clutch he shoulder wound , Al glare at the child as he pass . Jeff deliberate . where the hell be billy go ? he gnaw he lip , decide . jeff okay ... on you foot . now , everybody ! Red , arleen and Al get to they foot . deke stay at he mother 's side . Jeff aim the pistol at Red , hold the rifle with he other hand . jeff let 's go . out . he herd they to the door . arleen look to Red nervously . red do like he say , arleen . he 's crazy . CUT to : ext . barn - night Jeff train the pistol as he captive stand at the entrance to the barn . he glance around , keep a eye out for billy . jeff ( to Red ) okay . reach into you pocket and hand the key to you wife . red this be not gonna work , boy . ( continued ) 97 . continued : jeff ( jam pistol at he ) do it . Red fish a key ring out of he pocket and extend it to arleen . she just stand there . red it 's okay , arleen . take it . she take the key . jeff ( indicate barn door ) okay , now unlock it . arleen insert a key , open the padlock . jeff good . now give I the key . ( turn to deke ) deke , push the door open . quickly . deke look at he father . Red nod . deke go to the door , begin wheeling it open . jeff that 's enough , deke. ( gesture they inside with gun ) let 's go . move it . Jeff herd all four into -- int . barn - night Jeff lead the group through the barn at gun-point . he glance right and leave , wire . the rifle be strapped to he back . he keep the handgun ready . he peer under the tractor-trailer , look for any sign of billy . they reach the trap door . Jeff circle it , constantly keep a eye on Red and Al . he hand the key to deke . jeff deke , I need you to open this . ( continued ) 98 . continued : deke look at he father . he kneel , unlock the padlock and heave open the trap door , revealing a narrow staircase slant into the cellar . deke look down into the darkness and swallow . jeff it 's okay , deke . there 's a freezer down there with a woman in it . I need you to let she out . deke descend the step , frighten . deke ( o.s. ) ( voice quavering ) I can not see . Jeff jab the pistol at Red : tell he where the light be . red ( a beat , to deke ) the switch be on the right . there 's a click and the light go on in the cellar . deke let out a yip of fear . deke ( o.s. ) dad ... red it 's all right , son . just ignore that stuff . Jeff crouch to peer into the cellar . jeff' Pov - cellar root and mildew hang in string from the ceiling . the light be a bare bulb . there be several distressingly - shape garbage bag against the wall . back to jeff his gaze shift back to Red . jeff ( to deke ) deke ! you at the freezer ? deke ( o.s. ) yeah . ( continued ) 99 . continued : jeff okay . you be almost do . just open it up , let the woman out . we hear a freezer be opened . deke she 's all tie up with tape . jeff you get that swiss Army knife you dad give you ? deke ( o.s. ) uh-huh . jeff good man . use that . make sure you do not hurt she . they wait tensely while deke work downstairs . jeff ( to Red ) you better pray she 's all right . deke ( o.s. ) I get she -- amy ( o.s. ) Jeff !!?? jeff Amy !!! amy ( o.s. ) I be almost free !!! jeff Amy , come up here ! Amy climb the stair quickly . scrap of duct tape cling to she wrist . she throw she arm around Jeff . amy they be go to kill I . jeff I know , baby . it 's okay . they can not hurt you now . while Amy embrace he , Jeff keep the gun on Red and the other . he gesture toward the cellar . ( continued ) 100 . continued : jeff ( to Red , arleen , and Al ) okay . everybody in the cellar . nobody move . jeff do it ! arleen and Al descend the step . Red follow , then stop , halfway down . red remember this moment , pretty boy . ' Cause whatever happen , no matter how far you run , I will hunt you down and kill you like a dog . Jeff stare back . a beat , then : jeff go to hell . he boot Red in the chest , send he backward down the step . he slam the trap door shut and lock the padlock . he look around , see a massive tool chest . he tip it onto the trap door -- crash ! then he take Amy 's hand , still keep a eye out for billy . jeff let 's get out of here . they run from the barn . ext . barn - dawn the first ray of sunlight be beginning to poke over the horizon . Jeff wheel the barn door shut and lock it . he see Amy run toward Red 's house . jeff Amy , no ! it 's not safe -- amy ( turn ) but there 's a phone inside . we have to call the police . ( continued ) 101 . continued : jeff one of they 's still loose . c'mon -- this way ! it 's too much to explain . Jeff grab she arm . as they take off run toward the light flicker in the distance . reveal billy lurking in the shadow at the corner of the barn , watch . ext . field - long shot - dawn Jeff and Amy be tiny figure sprinting across the flat terrain , illuminate by the red glow of a rise sun . CUT to : ext . trailer home - dawn ( minute later ) the morning sky be lighter now . a rickety trailer surround by a chicken coop , junked appliance and a clothesline . there 's a old utility pickup truck park in front . Jeff and Amy arrive out of breath . Jeff pound on the door . jeff hello ? hello ? anybody home ? there 's no answer . Jeff put he shoulder to the door and ram it open . the flimsy door give way easily . int . trailer - dawn Jeff enter . the place be ramshackle -- tear vinyl furniture , empty beer bottle scattered about . a tatter flag hang on the wall . there 's no one around . jeff ( shouting ) hello ? anyone home ? Amy follow he inside , look around . Jeff cross the room , snatch up a phone and dial 911 . jeff c'mon , c'mon ... ( continued ) 102 . continued : while he wait for a answer , Amy lean the rifle against the wall . she notice a set of car key hang by the door . jeff ( be : key ) take it . we may need to get out of here -- ( into phone , suddenly ) hello ! this be Jeff Taylor . I be report a emergency ... I do not know the address , the house belong to a Red barr -- I mean , Warren something ... no , I do not know he name ! amy ( suddenly hearing something ) Jeff -- a deep rumble be approach , getting louder by the second ... jeff no -- he kidnap my wife , he 's lock in a barn ... Jeffrey Taylor . if you contact the police in -- Amy pull a curtain aside , react to what she see -- amy ( panicked ) Jeff ! suddenly , the roar be deafening -- the peterbilt explode through the wall of the trailer home ! jeff and amy dive out of the way . int . red' peterbilt - day Inside the truck cab , we catch a glimpse of Red behind the wheel , shouting something inaudible . fragment of debris cling to the grille . 103 . int . trailer home - day the rickety structure spin 360 degree ! Jeff go fly . a television somersault across the room and explode . Amy slam into a wall . the speed peterbilt shear away a section of the trailer home with a horrible ripping sound ! the trailer home be suddenly open to the sky . int . truck cab - day Red put the truck into a hard turn , circle for another run at the devastate trailer . int . trailer home - day Jeff struggle to he knee . jeff Amy ?! Amy be crawl over the debris . Jeff pull she to she foot . he grab the rifle and car key . jeff c'mon ! they stagger through the gape hole in the trailer . int . truck cab - day Red see Amy and Jeff flee the trailer and head for the utility pickup . he throw the peterbilt into a turn . yard Amy and Jeff run for the Ford f100 utility truck -- a aging blue-collar workhorse equip with side - mount toolbox and a lumber rack bear a ladder . in ford Jeff key the ignition . the engine sputter . Amy whip around to see the peterbilt bear down from the side . amy Jeff , go ! go ! ( continued ) 104 . continued : Jeff turn the key . the engine catch ! he throw the Ford in gear and floor the gas . the Ford shoot out of the peterbilt 's path ! highway the ford peel out of the driveway and join the road , spew exhaust . it 's a old vehicle that do not maneuver well . in ford Jeff mash the gas pedal . the engine strain , backfiring . Amy look back , see the peterbilt join the road . amy can not this thing go any faster ?! a shotgun blast shatter the passenger window ! Amy scream as glass shower the cab . Jeff swerve wildly . jeff what the fuck ?! he swivel he head right , see -- firebird kick up a cloud of dust as it pull alongside the Ford on the right -hand shoulder . the driver , billy , be levelling a shotgun through the window . jeff crank the wheel . jeff get down ! in firebird billy triggers a blast ! 105 . amy yelp as the passenger - side mirror disintegrate ! she whip around , see -- cadillac deville pull even with they on Jeff 's side . the drive , Al , leer as he spin the wheel and crease the Ford -- crunch ! jeff raise the pistol and fire ! highway the Ford be sandwich between the cadillac and firebird as they race down the highway with the peterbilt in the rear . jeff let out a cry as they carom off the cadillac . blood flow in a trickle down he neck . Amy see it , panic . amy Jeff ! jeff it 's glass ! use the rifle ! Amy raise the rifle , thrust the barrel awkwardly out the window and aim at billy . she fire wildly -- bang ! billy grin as the shot whistle past harmlessly . he reload the shotgun , snap it shut and return FIRE -- blam ! highway the blast hit the Ford 's side - mount toolbox . the door fly open . tool scatter on the road ! 106 . billy veer away , swear , as hammer and chisel and power tool hit the asphalt and bounce up into he path . the front end of the extension ladder come free from the lumber rack and hinge into he path , smashing the windshield ! billy sonofabitch ! billy swear and jerk the wheel , steering away . he glance up suddenly , see Jeff aim the pistol . the pistol fire ! billy slam backward against the headrest , hit in the face . there 's blood everywhere . the car careen toward the shoulder . highway the firebird hit a mound of earth , fly through the air and land with a crash ! in peterbilt Red see the crash , scowling . he press the gas and pull closer , take billy 's place alongside the Ford . in ford Amy see the peterbilt advance . whipping she head to the other side , she see Al raise a pistol . amy look out ! Al jack the trigger -- blam ! blam ! on peterbilt a stray bullet slice the hydraulic brake line run to the trailer . the hose hiss and whip through the air ! in peterbilt Red swear and let the truck fall back , swear . up ahead be a long , curving downgrade . he tap the brake . there be a jolt as the trailer bump the tractor . ( continued ) 107 . continued : red sonofabitch -- he realize : the trailer 's get no brake . highway the peterbilt descend the grade , let out a rapid - FIRE blat of backfire . it 's gain speed , bear down on the Ford . in ford Amy turn in the seat , terrify . the truck loom closer . Jeff keep the gas pedal on the floor . jeff hang on ! they be fly into a hairy curve . in peterbilt Red struggle to stay in control . every time he apply the brake , the uncheck trailer jar the cab forward . the peterbilt race into the curve . Red have no choice . he have to pump the brake and risk jackknife or the truck will fly off the road altogether . he hit the brake ! highway the huge truck screech on the asphalt , tire smoking , cab and trailer fold at right angle ! then , unexpectedly , the trailer disconnect from the cab ! in cadillac flanking the peterbilt , Al glance to the side and see the trailer come untether from the cab . now the trailer be a unguide missile , weaving drunkenly back and forth across the blacktop . Al try to swerve away . the trailer streak toward he . Al slam on the brake , scream ! 108 . highway the trailer pile into the cadillac . there be a huge impact as trailer and cadillac be reduce to scrap metal ! and just as this be happen ... peterbilt blast into the rear of the Ford , jarring it forward with a crunch of metal and taillight ! jeff slam against the wheel . Amy be throw against the dashboard . the Ford be be propel downhill by the peterbilt . highway the two vehicle be now lock together , gain speed as they hurtle down the grade . jeff jam the pistol through the rear pass - through window and fire at Red in the truck . bullet ping off the grille . the gun click empty . in peterbilt Red hit the brake , but it 's no use . the bumper be meshed . the two vehicle plunge downhill , skid sideways . up ahead , a concrete bridge span a deep gorge . highway the peterbilt and Ford fly onto the bridge . the big truck glance off a railing . the vehicle suddenly come unlock . the ford plow into the concrete railing with a crash ! the peterbilt creams it from behind and carom away , skidding the length of the bridge before smacking the opposite railing ! 109 . inside road Jeff grimace . in front of they , the concrete railing have break away . debris fall 300 foot to the bottom of the gorge . the Ford 's right front tire hang in the air . Jeff look at Amy . she look wildly adrenalate , eye wide . jeff you all right ? Amy look back at he . she expel a long breath and nod . Jeff force he upper body through the driver 's window and look over the Ford 's roof at the peterbilt . jeff' Pov - peterbilt it 's face they , 50 yard away on the bridge . the engine be dead . steam hiss from the crumpled radiator . one tire be shred . there be blood on the break windshield . back to jeff sit in the driver 's window . he squint toward the truck , search for any sign of Red . there be none . amy ( o.s. ) Jeff ... jeff yeah ? amy ( o.s. ) Jeff ... I can not get out ... Jeff drop back into the cab . the dashboard be crush against Amy 's leg . she try to wriggle free . jeff what be it ? amy ( wriggle ) it 's just ... I can not get out ... jeff what do you mean ? ( continued ) 110 . continued : amy I mean I can not get out ! Jeff blink . he climb out of the Ford , run around to Amy 's side and yank the door . it come open with a creak of metal . behind Jeff on the bridge , a motor kick over . he whirl . jeff' Pov - peterbilt exhaust belches from the smokestack . Red be behind the wheel . his face be cover with blood . he stare hatefully . with a rasp of gear , the peterbilt lurch forward . back to jeff he push against the dashboard with life - or-death urgency . jeff c'mon , Amy , push ! Amy struggle and struggle to free she leg . jeff push , goddammit ! Amy glance toward the peterbilt , terrify . peterbilt creep toward the Ford . the truck 's grille be smashed . one wheel rim scrape the asphalt . it gain speed . in ford Jeff crawl over Amy and try push with he leg . she wince as the metal cut into she skin . Jeff strain . amy ( turn , reacting ) Jeff ! 111 . peterbilt ram the rear of the ford -- crash ! it jar the pickup farther through break concrete guardrail . in ford Jeff and Amy be throw forward by the impact . the peterbilt 's engine roar . it 's push they over the edge ! in peterbilt Red 's eye burn as he press the accelerator and force the pickup farther through the break railing . ford lurch through the widen gap in the railing . concrete sail into the canyon . the front tire hang over the void . in ford Jeff strain against the dashboard . it will not give . he whip around , swear , and leap from the Ford . amy ( panicked ) Jeff ? on bridge Jeff run to the peterbilt and jump on the driver 's side run board , grasp the door handle . Red heave the door open suddenly . it strike Jeff 's head with a crack ! he fall backward to the ground . in peterbilt Red press the gas , yell over the engine roar . the railing be give way . he see Jeff struggle to he foot . red you think you can come into my life and fuck with I ? nobody fuck with I ! ( continued ) 112 . continued : he look down . Jeff be no longer visible . Red frown . suddenly the passenger side door fly open and Jeff surge into the cab , landing on Red , claw at he eye ! they grapple in the cab . Red swing a elbow into Jeff 's face -- crack . Jeff drive a fist to he jaw ! the steering wheel drift counter - clockwise as the truck inch forward , ramming the Ford closer to the precipice . Red get he hand around Jeff 's neck as the steering wheel continue to move counter- clockwise ... on bridge the truck be no longer hit the Ford squarely . instead , the peterbilt 's right front tire be riding up and over the cargo bed , crush the leave side of the Ford under its massive weight . in peterbilt Red have both hand around Jeff 's windpipe . he glance up for a second , react , but it 's too late . on bridge the peterbilt be surging up the driver 's side of the Ford , use the pickup like a ramp ! in ford Amy scream as the leave side of the cab be flatten under the peterbilt 's weight ! on bridge for a instant , the peterbilt 's front tire seem to hang in the air ... then the truck be fall ! in peterbilt Red and Jeff be throw forward in the cab , still flail at each other , as the truck plunge nose - first into the gorge . then it jerk to a halt in mid-air ! 113 . on bridge the leave rear set of wheel on the trailer be snag on the thick rebar reinforcement in the crumble concrete railing . the peterbilt be dangle nose - down from the bridge ! in peterbilt Jeff slam into the windshield . Red land on top of he . loose object from the cab rain against the windshield . they grapple . Red grab Jeff 's arm and twist sharply , force it at a impossible angle . they face be inch apart . red you think you can fuck with I ?! he headbutt Jeff viciously -- crack ! blood erupt from Jeff 's nose and mouth . Red be about to deliver another blow when ... ... the windshield fall away ! the loose item in the cab plummet 300 foot to the canyon floor below . Jeff drop through the windshield open . he cling to the center support column . his leg dangle over the hood . Red slip through the open , he hand lock on the steering wheel at the last instant . the windshield sail away into the gorge . on bridge the iron rebar groans . it 's beginning to give way under the weight of the truck . the truck slip slightly . on peterbilt Jeff feel the truck shifting . he grab the windshield wiper blade with he free hand . the blade snap away . Red be cling to the steering wheel . he flail at Jeff with he foot , swear . Jeff be barely out of reach . Jeff look to the side . there be a grabhandle on the corner of the cab . he reach with he free hand and seize the handle . 114 . on bridge the rebar groans . the truck be wedge against the Ford . as the truck slip , it force the Ford closer to the edge . on peterbilt Jeff cling to the handle . he reach for the passenger side door handle , work he way up toward the bridge . rebar give away once more and -- jeff scale the cab , find more handhold . he climb past the passenger door . behind he , Red be work he way higher in the same manner . he grab Jeff 's foot , try to pull he off the cab . Jeff kick free and climb past the sleep compartment . Red grab the door handle . Jeff boot the door release button . the passenger door fly open ! Red fall away as the door open . he 's cling to the open passenger door , suspend over the gorge . in ford Amy breathes in sharply , feel the Ford move closer to the edge . she struggle to free she leg from the dashboard . amy oh God ... Jeff ... jeff climb higher . the peterbilt slip again . below , Red lose he grip and almost fall . Jeff haul himself onto the bridge with a final gasp of exertion . he run to the passenger side of the Ford . ( continued ) 115 . continued : the Ford teeter precariously . any move could send it over the edge . Jeff can only extend he hand to Amy over the void . jeff c'mon , Amy , it 's all you now ... you can do it ... with a huge effort , Amy frees herself from the dashboard and reach for Jeff 's outstretch hand just as -- peterbilt come free from the rebar ! amy take hold of Jeff 's hand . peterbilt plummet into the canyon ! red scream ! peterbilt seem to fall forever ... before landing with a huge explosion ! on bridge Jeff and Amy fall backward on the road . down below , secondary explosion rock the canyon . Jeff take Amy in he arm . amy do not let I go , Jeff ... jeff I will not , baby ... I will not ever let you go ... he look into she eye . they lip meet in a kiss and we -- dissolve to : 116 . ext . red' house - day Police car and official vehicle be park outside the house . radios chatter . yellow crime tape hold back onlooker and news reporter . cop and evidence technician work the scene . a criminalist photograph steal property as it 's carry out of the barn . a plainclothes FBI agent close a cellphone and walk over to where Jeff and Amy be sit at a picnic table . they be batter and bandage . jeff how 's the sheriff ? FBI agent out of surgery . it look like he 's gonna make it . as for the wife and kid , she 's not talk , he 's be turn over to protective service . Jeff nod soberly . FBI agent we have get i.d. on the dead suspect . turn out they be all license trucker . one of them have a rap for check kite . otherwise they could have be model citizen . jeff what about the leader ? FBI agent same thing . his real name 's Warren claney . Three speed ticket in five year -- apart from that , he 's clean as a whistle . Amy watch as cop stack windshield outside the barn . amy ( daze ) how could they do it ? how could they treat it like a ... business ? FBI agent ( shaking he head ) I do not know . I have be do this 15 year , I have never see anything like it . ( more ) ( continued ) 117 . continued : FBI agent ( cont 'd ) it be simple , efficient and organize . they stay on the move , spread it over a dozen state . as long as no witness survive , it 's a untraceable crime . ( look at they ) you be just a couple of the lucky one . up ahead , a television news helicopter be landing on the road . a cameraman , reporter and producer hurry over . Jeff watch the news crew , a bemuse expression . it seem like a million year ago ... the FBI agent shake he head , disdainful . FBI ( be : media ) c'mon -- let 's get you folk out of here before thing really get hairy . he escort they to a wait sedan . as they climb in , Jeff look back over he shoulder , surveying the scene one last time . he get in and the car pull away just as the frenzied news crew arrive , mike and camera at the ready , run alongside the depart sedan , shouting question . through the rear window , we see Jeff put he arm around Amy , pull she close as we hear : amy promise I one thing ... jeff name it . amy next time ... we fly . ext . house - aerial - day over this last line , the sedan drive away , and we climb higher and higher away from the bristle crime scene until the ranch house be just one in a town of modest house and the pink desert floor spread out endlessly in every direction . fade out . the end