breaking bad '' i.f.t " episode # 303 3.36 teaser macro-close - a cigar a quality Cuban . torpedo shape , with a deep brown wrapper . we be focus on the freshly - cut end of it . we hear a button click ! -- the sound of a butane torch lighter be trigger ... pffffffffffffffff ! -- a thin blue flame jet into frame . it 's luminescent and beautiful in the dim surroundings . the flame do not touch the cigar ( the guy work the lighter know what he 's do ) -- the point of it stop a centimeter or so from the cigar end , which be angle downward some forty degree . we hold on the pretty flame . watch , as it bend slightly , suck into the cigar end as the smoker draw air though it . the tobacco ignites , start to glow . the cigar turn ( spun in the smoker 's finger ) so the wrapper burn evenly around its circumference , casting a line of gray ash as it recede . thick , white smoke billow and float lazily across the frame . it 's oddly calming . a contrast for what 's to come ... int . mexican cantina - day ( flashback ) reveal tortuga -- cartel henchman - turn -dea -snitch from episode 207 -- puffing on the cigar as it get light . we know we nre in flashback because he head be attach . he sit at the thick , wooden bar of a seedy mexican cantina , wear he caballero hat and boot . a barkeep ( beto , male , young than tortuga ) stand behind the bar hold the lighter . we be at a dark water hole in a one-horse border - town in rural juarez -- a place where campesino , town drunk , and unemployed youth come to escape the blister heat and self medicate themselves into oblivion . no chica in this joint . dingy , rustic , with Spanish -style western character ( arch and stucco wall would be great ) . line of liquor bottle behind the bar ( maybe shelve in front of plate mirror ) reflect dim overhead light and a few neon cerveza sign . a back kitchen ( or pantry ) abut the main barroom , separate by a swinging door . two work - weary laborer ( character face : more rural mayan than bullet- head tough ) drink cerveza at the bar a few seat down from tortuga . ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 2 . continued : five or six other patron sit at roughly - hewn wood table , stare with disinterest at a futbol match play on a older model tv over the bar . just kill time . a lot , judge from the clutter of empty long - neck line up like casualty on the table . Beto finish lighting tortuga 's cigar . slide he a beer . then pour he a brim tumbler of tequila . tortuga downs it in one throw - back . tap - tap ! he glass hard on the bar . { all dialogue in teaser be in spanish , subtitle in English . ] tortuga more . whoa . Beto 's serve tortuga a few time prior , and he 's get a strong hunch tortuga be el cartel . thus , he banter be amiable with no mind to affront . that say , tortuga 's get a treacherous , make - or-break deal go down in a couple of hour ; he 's even surlier than usual . beto ( friendly , just kid ) careful , sefor . hot day like today , too much oil in the machine can cause it to blow a gasket . tortuga ( beat , scoff ) there be two kind of man in the world . that who drink , and that who pour . ( stare coldly ) shut up and fill my glass . uh-oh . a dead silence cut across the bar . the laborer shift nervously on they stool , sense trouble . Beto refill the tumbler with a shaky hand . tortuga fish for a gold money clip with a thick wad of peso and dollar . as he pluck out bill to pay for he drink , the laborer can not help but glance at he copious cash . tortuga notice they envy . indeed , he relish it . tortuga hey , you two . ( off patron : we ? gulp ! ) yeah , you . my mayan brother . you know , I use to be just like you ? good , honest campesino . worked dirt for the man till my hand ble . ( snort , wave bankroll ) the way you just look at I ... ( more ) ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 3 . continued : ( 2 ) tortuga ( cont 'd ) I have that same stupid look on my mug whenever I see a rich man flash he bank . no more . wanna know why ? no . they really do not . but God forbid they show disrespect . they swallow nervously . timidly nod they head . patron # 1 Si , sefior . tortuga make they wait for it , while he gulp down he second tequila . ahhh ! grit he tooth against the burn . tortuga I learn that a man can never drink he fill by wait in line for the tap . tortuga raise he beer . the laborer share a confuse look , before lift they own in response . as tortuga tilt the bottle ... man' voice ( 0.s ) bravo , tortuga . all other head turn toward a mexican man , who stand in bright sunlight stream through the now open barroom door ( if there be plate mirror behind the bar , maybe we do a cool mirror reveal for this ) . this be juan bolsa , avuncular , a little paunchy , in he late 5as or 60 . wearing loose , tropical cotton garment , perhaps a Panama hat , he may have be a Mexico city bureaucrat before he turn a dark corner . from a more refine social stratum than gruff tortuga , or so he prefer to convey . a cartel underboss , bolsa be higher up in we fictional cartel than tortuga , but not one of the control capo . he do not look particularly threaten . tortuga turn , surprised to see he boss . tortuga heyy , howya doin‘ , boss !? tortuga stand , shake bolsa 's 's outstretch hand . bolsa good to see you , my friend . you know , I never peg you for such a deep thinker . tortuga shrug it off -- ah , it 's nothing . ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 '' i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 4 . continued : ( 3 ) tortuga I get a lot of thought about a lot of thing , boss . there 's no time or place for they all . bolsa slide into a bar stool . tortuga follow he boss 's cue , he cocky air now replace by respectful deference . tortuga motion to Beto who pour they both tequilas . tortuga so , what bring you way out here to this burro 's asshole of a town ? bolsa I know I would find you here . tortuga 's eye widen a notch . bolsa check he watch . bolsa do not you have a shipment to deliver in a couple of hour ? cut it close , be not you ? tortuga ahhh , lot of time . tortuga may be slow out the gate , but he always -- bolsa ( overlap he ) -- finish first . yes , I know , just like you namesake . I like the way you talk , tortuga . tortuga yeah ? bolsa yeah . you have get such a way with word . they just roll off you tongue . I like that about you . bosla raise he glass in toast . tortuga clink it . they throw back . bolsa shoot tortuga a look of apology . bolsa I miss you birthday last month . ( off tortuga , so what ? ) no , I feel terrible . so bad I come all the way here ... to this ' burro 's 's asshole 's ... to bring you my present . ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 '' i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 5 . continued : ( 4 ) tortuga present ? ahh , come on , boss . no need to go through the trouble . bolsa forget it , I want to . I have it for you in the kitchen . bolsa nod toward the kitchen . tortuga peer over . the door be shut . look quiet . forebode . like a good place for a ambush . tortuga do not like the smell of this . not at all . tortuga back there ? bolsa yes. come . follow I . bolsa stand , motion for tortuga as he pace toward the kitchen . tortuga hesitates . oh , shit ! if he split now , bolsa will know for certain he 's get something to hide ( i.e. , he 's a snitch ) and then he 's a goner for sure . reluctantly , he rise , follow bolsa through the swinging door , into ... int . mexican cantina - kitchen - continuous a grimy , unkempt kitchen . tortuga , expect to be jump , cautiously file in behind bolsa . to he relief , however , he find the kitchen totally empty -~ phew ! -- except for ... a very large , familiar tortoise crawl across the floor . it be a present after all ! tortuga explode in a burst of relieved laughter . ah-ha-ha-ha-ha !... tortuga it 's perfect ! bolsa you really like it ? tortuga I love it ! what a great pet it will make . thank you , boss ! bolsa excellent . let I sign it for you . bolsa pick up a small can of white paint and a paintbrush from a nearby counter . squat , begin to paint some letter with the brush across the animal 's shell . bolsa 's back shield tortuga 's ( and we ) view of what he 's spelling out ... ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 6 . continued : bolsa sign it ' for the big talker 's . huh ? bolsa finish painting . he stand and step aside , revealing ... '' h-o-l-a_d-e-a " . tortuga freeze . oh , fuck ! -- he know !! [ note : this lettering should match what we see in episode 207 exactly , as we realize what we be witness be the run - up to a scene we have previously see ] . the door to the kitchen swing OPEN . in file the cousins ! they pace toward tortuga , eye on they quarry . one cousin grab a large butcher nos knife from the counter . on tortuga , paralyze with fear at the sight of this weird , silent killer , approach like terrifying force of nature . or , more precisely , of death . his hand shaking , tortuga fumble under he shirt for he gun . but it 's too late . before he can get a handle on he weapon , the cousin grab he arm ( Juan bolsa merely watch ) . tortuga writhes and struggle to free himself . tortuga no ..! no ..! but it 's no use . they hold he down . wrench he head back by the hair , expose he neck like a lamb at the slaughter . as the knife- wield cousin press the blade to tortuga 's throat , arm cocked and ready to see off he head , we cut to : int . mexican cantina - day - continuous ah -ah~aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhe ! ! ! tortuga 's ear-pierce scream shatter the silence . the bar patron lower they head in terror . like docile , beat - down mule , too scared even to move . they wide , vacant eye glue to they drink . tortuga 's scream reach a almost inhuman pitch , before it 's truncate by a odd gurgle sound , and then stop . end _t er breaking bad # 303 '' i.f.t . '' writer 's draft 8/26/09 7 . act one ext . white house ~ rooftop - day tight on a dry up pizza . half out of its box and smear on the roof . this be the pizza Walt hurl at the end of episode 302 . if we look carefully , we might see way in the b.g. mike' brown chrysler park down the street . a ladder swing into frame -- clunk ! -- slam against the edge of the roof . a pair of bright - yellow rubber -gloved hand ( first one , then the other ) grab onto the top rung ... walt 's head poke up into frame . his eye shift to and for , assess the mess . shake he head -- what the hell be I think ? he fish into he back pocket , pull out a scrunch up plastic trash bag . flap it around , airing it open . peel the pizza off the roof , shove it into the bag . he take a damp cloth from he other back pocket , scrub the cheesy residue off the shingles . as he stop to pluck off a pepperoni slice that have petrify to the roof , we cut to : ext . white house - STREET - day - simultaneous mike , in he car , spy Walt , while he talk into he cell phone to Gus 's minion , Victor ( whom we do not see or hear ) . mike ( into phone while spying ) yeah , he 's breathin’ , alright . by the look of he , he 's get no idea how close he come . ( beat ) I '' assume saul goodman do not need to know . ( beat ) mum , it be . Mike hang up . start the car , pull away from the curb . make a u-turn to avoid pass by the White house . as Mike 's sedan drive off , we : time CUT to : int . skyler 's jeep - drive - day skyler drive , while baby holly sit quietly in the car seat behind she . she sing along to the mind - numb baby music play on the car stereo ( though she 's not into it ) : ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 8. continued : skyler the wheel on the bus go round and round , round and round , round and round ... as skyler near the White house , she fume at the sight of Walt 's aztek park in the driveway . what ?! he 's back ..?! ext . white house - driveway - day - continuous skyler shut off the music . pull into the driveway behind the aztek ( but leave the engine idling ) . rifles through she baby - bag for she cell phone and dial Walt : skyler Walt ? be you in the house ? skyler 's Pov : a hand pull the curtain of the front window aside , revealing Walt 's face . cell phone to he ear , he speak to skyler as he peer at she through the window . walt ( filter , almost chipper ) oh , hi. yep ... it 's I . I be back . skyler ( beat , vex ) no , you nre not , Walt . get out of the house . walt ( calm , simply explain ) it 's my house , too , skyler . I be stay . for good . skyler we have a agreement . walt I do not agree to anything . ( beat ) look , come on inside . we will talk this through . sklyer -- no . there 's nothing to talk about . I be not come in until you get ... out . walt ( long beat , shrug ) suit yourself . ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 9 . continued : Walt vanish back behind the curtain . skyler , bewilder , hang up . stare in disbelief out the windshield at the aztek . last night be frisbee pizza , now break and enter ? her anger mount , until she 's nearly tremble . then , little Holly , cue off she mom 's anxiety , start to stir and fuss -- weh - weh !... weh ! -- in back . skyler glance over she shoulder . ugh ! not go to win this standoff with a restless baby in the car . in utter frustration , she shut off the car . as she shove the door open , we cut to : int . white house - front door - moment later skyler barge through the front door , hold the car seat with Holly strapped in . she spot Walt at the dining room table , casually grade exam as if nothing be awry . she set the car seat down on the live room floor ( Holly be awake but , of course , now quiet ) . storm toward Walt . int . white house - dine room - continuous Walt look up , see she charge . put he pen down , sit up straight , and wait with he hand clasped on the table . like Lord Nelson under fire , a picture of calm . skyler what be wrong with you ?! you be trespasp ! how do you even ... I change the lock ! walt ( beat , calmly explain ) skyler , I have every right to be here . skyler no , you do not . you do not live here any more . we be get a divorce . walt I do not agree to a divorce . skyler it 's not up to you ! ( beat , '' ok , that 's it '' ) if you do not get out right now , I will call the police and I will tell they everything . ( a beat ) I mean it , Walt ! ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 10 . continued : a long beat . Walt shrug . nod toward the phone . walt go ahead . there 's the phone . skyler cock she head . oh , you think I be kid ? she grab a phone book off the counter , rapidly fan through the page until she find the number for the police . snatch up the phone and dial . eye fix on Walt , she wait for the call to go through . then , with demonstrative aplomb , flip the receiver around and hold it out , ear piece towards Walt ... skyler ( do not fuck with I ) it 's ringing . but Walt be serious , too . he ’1ll either live in this house , or go to prison . there be no third way . through the out - turn receiver , we faintly can hear the operator answer . apd operator ( filter ) albuquerque police department . beat . skyler huff . rights the receiver and talk into it : skyler I want to report a disturbance , please . ( beat ) no , it 's not ... not exactly a ... it 's a domestic issue . ( beat , then to Walt ) they be connect I . right hand to God , I will tell they . walt ( total resignation ) do what you have to do , skyler . this family be everything to I . without it I get nothing to lose . Walt 's total lack of fear in the face of she threat , he buddha-like acceptance of whatever may happen , only stoke she anger . be he not take she seriously ? skyler fine. ( beat , into receiver ) yes , officer . my name be skyler White . I need police assistance at my home right away . ( beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 ll. continued : ( 2 ) skyler ( cont 'd ) my soon to be ex-husband break into my house . i- I need a officer to come and remove he . ( beat ) it 's thirty - eight twenty - eight negra arroyo Lane . ( longer beat ) okay ... okay . thank you . skyler hang up . finger raise , lay down the law . skyler they nre come . if you do not get out of here right now , you be go to jail . and it 's all gonna be on you . beat . Walt go back to grade he papers . skyler continue to stare at he . who be this man ? have he lose all fear for the law ? Square -jaw and determine to find out , she turn and ... and now what ..? arm cross , skyler wander into the live room , sit down on the couch , and ... she wait . ugh ! stew in excruciate silence . angle on the live room clock . second slowly tick -tick - tick away '' High - noon '' style , as skyler 's moment of truth -- when she make good on she threat to tell the police on Walt or not -- get closer . and closer . and closer . a grueling , nerve-wrack , tediously slow burn ... , we hear o.s. the sound of a approaching car ! sie leap up off the couch . nearly run to the front door ... but right before she get there , it swing OPEN ... a upbeat walter , jr. clunk in . just in time for the firework . perfect ! skyler frown . she 's not mad at she son ~- but he 's the last complication she want to deal with right now . in contrast , walter , Jr. ( have see the aztek outside ) be upbeat , thrilled by the prospect of see he father , whom he spot across the room . upbeat : walter JR . dad 's here . skyler why be you home so early ? walter , JR . I '' not . skyler glance at the clock -- terrific . Walt emerge from the dining room . ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 12 . continued : ( 3 ) walt hey , son . walter , jr. ( eye light up ) dad , you be back ..! for good ? Walt shrug -- let 's hope so . walt ( evade ) hey , I be starve . you want a grill cheese ? walter , JR . ah ... sure . I guess . Walt cross to the kitchen . on the way , he ask skyler ... walt want one , , too ? skyler glower in reply . she turn to walter , Jr . skyler walter , you father and I have something to discuss . it 's private . ( beat , do as I say ) I all bring you sandwich to you room when it 's ready . walter , JR . Mom , I have not see dad in , like ... forever . walter , Jr. turn he back on she , head to the kitchen . skyler walter ..? walter , Jr. 's feed up be keep in the dark . and he 's genuinely glad to see he dad . in he teenager 's mind , how could this not be a step in the right direction , even if mom 's not yet on board ? off skyler 's isolation : int . white house - kitchen - minute later close on a piece of toasted bread , with greasy melting cheese on top , fry in a pan . we watch as another piece of toast be laid down on top of it , then press with a spatula . cheese goops out the side and sizzle . ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 13 . continued : pull back to reveal Walt , stand over the stove , work the spatula . walter , Jr. lean against the counter nearby . as father and son chat , skyler ( visible in the b.g. ) pace in front of the live room window . baby Holly be asleep near she , now in a bassinet . though walter , Jr. 's arrival be highly unfortunate , she have not lose she resolve . but man , that cop be take they sweet time ! walter , JR . you gonna be at work tomorrow ? walt that 's the plan . walter , JR . good . Cause everyone 's say that sub they get for you really suck . walt everyone , wow . well , do not believe everything you hear . but ... it 's good to be miss . finally , we hear 0.s. , ding -dong ! in the b.g. , anxious skyler rush toward the door . int . white house - front door - continuous skyler open to reveal two apd patrolmen , a senior officer ( 40s , male ) and a rookie officer ( young , male or female ) . senior officer hello , mar ‘am . be you the one who call the police ? skyler yes , that be I . just then , walter , Jr. walk into the foyer area behind skyler . a look of shock come over he . walter , JR . you call the cop on dad ? what the hell 's wrong with you ?! off skyler , mortify , we ... time CUT to : breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 14 . int . white house - family room - minute later skyler stand with the senior Officer . per police protocol , the cop have separate the spouse . we can see in the b.g. Walt be question by the rookie Officer in the dining room . walter Jr. sit on a bar stool on the dining room side of the breakfast bar -- confuse , silent , scared . skyler be nervous , even more anxious now that Walt have call she bluff and she be be put to the task . the senior Officer , on the other hand , have respond to dozen of domestic call in he career , and he 's get certain preliminary question he must ask as a matter of procedure . he jot down occasional note on a pad . skyler i- I come home from work and he be back . just move back in . I ask he to leave , but he will not listen . I , ah ... I just want he out . I want he out of the house . senior officer ( polite ) okay , Mrs. White . there 's a couple question I need to ask you right off the bat . it 's very important that you answer they honestly . ( beat ) do he strike you ? skyler no . senior officer have he ever hit you ? skyler ( frustration mount ) no . this be not about violence . this be about trespasp . about he be here against my will . the cop have hear '' no violence '' before , only to be call back later when the wife be beat to a pulp . he turn , check to make sure Walt 's not eyeball she into silence from afar . but Walt appear to be cooperate , fully engage with the rookie cop . do not even appear agitate at all . senior officer okay . trespass . you nre divorced , then ? ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 " '' i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 15 . continued : skyler no , work on it . right now , we be separate . senior officer ( I can work with that ) legally separate . as he start to make a note in he pad ... skyler well ... there 's no court order , if that 's what you mean . but we have be live apart for-for ... almost two week . give or take . the cop look up from he pad . so much for cut and dry . skyler look , I change the lock . be not that break and enter ? senior officer whose name be on the title to the house ? skyler both of we be . it 's , ah , jointly own . senior officer we can not arrest a man for break into he own house . not without a order from the court require he to stay away from the premise . ( beat , try again ) unless he 's threaten you or the kid in any way ? skyler ( frustrated , but can not pull the trigger ) no. not physically . but have he in the house be ... it 's not ... it 's just not a good thing . weh-weh-weeeeeeeaaaaahhh !! -- baby Holly stop skyler mid - sentence with a startling , screeching cry . and what a cry ! one of that '' my-child - is-possess - by-a-demon '' shriek of anger and injustice and hunger . skyler 's head swivel toward the sound . the senior Officer turn , too , as we : breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 16 . int . white house - live room - intercutting skyler' / senior officer's Pov : Walt rush from the dining room to Holly . lift she from the bassinet . gently bounce she in he arm , soothing she . walt shhhhhh . it 's okay , baby . Holly 's fussiness start to ease . Walt flash skyler a kindly look from the live room - I get it , no problem . Walt pick up a half - full bottle of formula from inside the bassinet . he feed it to Holly while he pace back to the rookie cop ( who now stand at the threshold of the live room ) . like a perfect , even -tempere , responsible father . walt sorry about that . where be we ? rookie officer ( check note ) disagreement . walt right . yes , we have be have ... a few problem . she ' 's not in the wrong . I have not be the most attentive husband , lately . I have be ... a little distant . cold . as Walt bore the rookie cop to tear , he do not look so unattentive . in fact , as he deftly feed the baby , Walt appear more like a dutiful ( if not whipped ) house-husband . int . white house - family room - intercutting the senior Officer turn back to skyler , now off she game plan , watch Walt feed the baby . regains she attention : senior officer Mrs. White . would this be easier if we step outside for a minute ? skyler um ... no . I be - I '' fine right here . to the officer , this call be look like a nonviolent ( albeit heat ) marital disagreement , the cop call in to up the ante . it happen . but he 's cover too many ill - fated domestic to not be wary . and he sense skyler be hold something back . he want to give she every opportunity to say something that might give he authority to kick Walt out . ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 17 . continued : senior officer I be gonna level with you , Mrs. White . if you want you husband out of the house , you gotta help I out . if he 's break any law that you know of , anything at all , you should tell I that . ( long beat , encourage ) even if you just get a suspicion of some wrongdo , I will work it out . I all get he out of here for you . and there it be -- the '' law '' practically begging she to make good on she threat . skyler exhales deeply . dig to regain she mettle , as she lock eye with Walt across the room . so nauseatingly Gandhi - like and passive . she 's sick of he smug manipulation and bullshit , he imprisonment of she . she warn he . to hell with he ! skyker look at the cop in front of she . then , just as she 's about to turn Walt in : rookie officer what 's you take on all this , young man ? skyler ‘s Pov : from across the live room , skyler glimpsis the rookie Officer now question she son . walter , jr. ( distraught ) it 's my Mom 's fault ! she will not say what my dad do because he do not do anything . she 's nut ! my dad , he 's a great guy . skyler stop herself . she want so badly to vindicate herself , scream out the truth . but she just can not do it . a long beat , as the officer read she . finally , he conclude she 's get nothing to tell he . reaches into he pocket for a card . senior officer sorry , mar ‘am . we have no legal basis to remove you husband from the house . ( hand she the card ) next time you feel that thing be get out of control , you should call that number . that 's the family hotline . ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 18 . continued : ( 2 ) the senior Officer motion across the room for he partner . the rookie Officer cross to the front door to meet he . Walt follow to see the police out , while skyler sit down on the couch , utterly humiliate . senior office best of luck to you folk . walt thank you , officer . the two cop head out . as soon as they leave , walter , Jr. 's anger at skyler explode : walter , JR . how _c : that t ! walter , Jr. storm off toward he room . Walt call out : walt Son , wait ... do not blame you mother for this . but it fall on deaf ear . 0o.s. , we hear he bedroom door slam shut as he lock himself in . skyler , seethe in she defeat , walk up to Walt . take the baby from he arm . skyler ( calm , but venomous ) welcome home . she , too , disappear down the hallway . slam the door to she bedroom . off grim Walt , stewing in he '' victory '' ... cto} breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 19 . act two int . jesse's house - live room - day low and wide on jesse , knee to chest , sit on the floor . his back be propped against a newly - paint bare wall . we be in the live room of jesse 's big '' new '' house . no furniture yet . nothing but a field of glossy hardwood floor in the f.g. , bath in a pale sunlight slip through the window . dwarf by the wall , jesse stare introspectively off into the empty space . a lonely tableau . several moment pass , before he fish a cell phone from he pocket . press speed dial , put the receiver to he ear . when the call go through ( we do not hear it ) , a faint , nostalgic smile crease he face . it 's a sweet moment . a fleeting glimpse of the jesse we know before the plane crash , the addiction , the loss . what do he just hear ? ding - dong , the doorbell ring . jesse hang up . but he do not budge . he 's get no desire to see anyone . ding - dong , again . follow by a hard knock -knock ! jesse consider . whoever it be know he 's inside . he pocket the phone . rise , pace slowly to the door . open , to find ... saul , wear a shit-eate grin . he hold a cheap , pathetic - look potted cactus , the kind you get from Ralph 's . jesse be not thrilled to see he ( he 's be dodging saul 's call ) . saul he life ! ( off deadpan jesse ) happy housewarm , kid . do not look so glad to see I . saul hand he the cactus . oh , boy . jesse cool . thanks . saul wait to be invite inside . jesse would prefer not to , but saul do just help he fleece he parent for the crib . reluctantly , he step aside . saul file in , look around the empty space . jesse set the cactus down by the window sill . saul interesting decor . subtle . the whole minimalist thing never blow my hair back , but hey . ( off jesse ) so. howya do ? stay clean ? ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 '' i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 20 . continued : jesse nod -- yeah . saul good . I be kinda worried you be back to you old habit , since I do not hear from you . you get any idea how stupid it be to ignore you counsel 's call ? ( beat ) what if I be tryin' to warn you the dea be about to kick in you door ? what then , huh ? jesse how 's about you spare I the sermon and get to why you be here ? saul ( beat , reset ) Fair enough . the other day , when I bring up the idea about you gettin’ back in touch with you partner . well , I kinda wanna be - float that boat . ( beat , jesse be blank ) do not get all excited . I be not suggest you yourself get back to cooking . you be in rehab and all , that would be ... beyond the pale , even for I . ( beat ) I care about you , kid . I only want you to convince the master - chef to do he thing . so ... whaddya say ? jesse get it . unlike Walt , he 's not essential to saul 's deal with Gus . in fact , jesse 's irrelevant . for any meth cook with a smidgen of pride , it 's a major snub . but jesse appear not to care . even give a half - heart shrug : jesse sure , man . whatever . jesse try to show he to the door . but : saul whoa , whoa , hold on . ' whatever 's what ? you gonna talk to he ? jesse I say , I will handle it . now , bounce , will ya , please . ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 21 . continued : ( 2 ) saul read he . still skeptical . but for now , he 's play he hand . throw he the saul finger point . saul final think . ( be : the empty house ) look at this place . you be house poor , you get no bankroll . you get the maestro cooking again , I can make it worth you while . call he . saul leave . alone again , jesse head back to he perch at the wall . sit , try to clear he mind . but he can not . he reach for he cell again . speed dial . this time , we hear what he be listen to before : jane n's voicemail message ( establish in episode 213 ) : jane ( recorded v.o. ) hey . if you be try to sell I something , I nve get four little word for you : '' do -not-call -list . '' however , if you be cool , leave it at the beep . beep . he hang up . off jesse 's loss : int . dea abq - hank 's office - day close on a blue pushpin , pinch between strong finger . we pull back to reveal hank . he sit at he desk , phone to he ear . he 's hope to find a spot to stick this pin . laid out before he be the previously establish map of the Southwest , riddled with blue push -pin mark all the location where Walt 's blue magic have turn up . but it 's be at least a month since any blue meth have be report . hank be on the phone with a agent in the field , hope to hear some good news . but to he disappointment ... hank no blue stuff , huh ? ( beat , deflate ) alright . let I know if you hear of anything . hank chuck the pin back in it 's plastic box . just then , asac merkert pop into hank 's office . asac hey , schrader . get a minute ? ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 '' i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 22 . continued : hank yeah , sure , boss . what 's up ? the asac sit down in front of hank 's desk . he look proud of himself , exude a sense of accomplishment . asac I make a few phone call , get Dallas and D.C. in the loop . to be frank , I have to pull out a couple of stop for you , hank . hank yeah ? asac bottom line , I just get off the phone with El paso . they agree to have you back . hank ( beat ) hey , that 's great ! thanks , boss ! asac you deserve it . it 's good for you career , good for we department . and I know you will prove I right , that you be the best man for the job . hank oh , you can bet on that . asac ( as he get up ) as soon as you get you house in order , you be good to go . you just let I know when . hank alright . will do . as hank watch ( through the glass ) the asac cross the bullpen , he excited expression fade to a grim frown . we remember he ptsd . uh- oh . off hank 's anxious preoccupation : ext . parking lot - bingo parlor - day weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeehhh !... we follow close on a rubber - tire wheel , spin across pavement to the whining drine of a electric motor . ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 23 . continued : widen to reveal a female retiree ( dumpling - shape , push 70 , but feisty -- we all call she '' aunt '' ) zipping across a parking lot in she rascal scooter . in the b.g. , a bingo parlor ( or other place where older folk congregate ) . the camera follows she as she motor down a row of park car to a handicap van . she stop , press some button on a remote control . unlock it and lowering the wheelchair lift . as she scoot forward onto the lift , we hear the clop - clop -clop of approach boot . the footstep stop . angle close on two pair of cowboy boot , ornament with ... oh , no ... not that menace silver skull ! aunt press a button on the remote . the lift start to raise she . sense a presence behind she back , she crane she neck over she shoulder as far as she can -- ehh ! - ehh ! but with she older ligament , she just can not get a good look ... until the lift reach full height and she see ... the cousin ! ( note : maybe we place the camera on the wheelchair lift , so it rise into the reveal of the cousin 's face in auntie 's Pov as she look over she shoulder ) . death 's doppelganger be a frightening spectacle . but we feisty lady , God bless she , still manage a smile . aunt hello . no response . off the wide - eye aunt , we : timecut to : ext . parking lot - bingo parlor - day a tight shot of the cousin , now sit in the front seat of the park handi-van . the cousin in the driver 's seat start up the vehicle . as the van pull away , we cut to : the rear end of the handi-van , with a bumper sticker that read '' ask I about my cat . '' the wheel of the scooter , now topple on its side , spin in the f.g. poor auntie . off the image of this spin wheel : ext . poultry farm - establishing - day low angle between two long , weathered shed with corrugate wall and sloping roof , stretch out before we the length of a football field . a weirdly - muffle , low murmur of bird infestation emanate from everywhere and no place in particular . ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 24 , continued : the sound be creepy , juxtapose against the institutional - look barrack - shape shed -- like the place be some kind of aviary auschwitz . int . poultry farm ( stock ) - broiler shed - day a sea of obese chicken . ten of thousand of they , pack wing to wing , head to tail , forage on the ground inside a long broiler shed . the bird sound be deafen . they cluck - cluck and peck -peck at each other in overcrowded agitation , compete for bit of feed bury in the shit and the dirt . ( note : let 's use stock footage , make sure the farm be for broiler -- raise for meat , not egg -~ so the shed interior reflect the proper farming technique , i.e. , the bird be feed crowded together on the ground , not keep in stack cage for egg lay ) . ext . poultry farm - day wide angle to give a view of the whole farm ~- some six long broiler shed line up parallel . this be Gus 's industrial chicken farm , a major operation that raise for slaughter some half a million bird at a time . a dirt road run alongside the shed . between the shed and the road , there 's a mobile office trailer , like a foreman would have on a construction site . a small dirt parking lot be next to the office , with a single american - make sedan ( Gus 's car ) . besides Gus 's car , no other sign of worker today ( perhaps it 's a weekend ) . Beyond the farm , nothing but sun -scorch plain for mile , with train track slice through . we be in the middle of nowhere . low angle on the office -- from across the dirt road and down a way . a wheel zip through the frame , cough up dust . as the vehicle distance , we see the rear end of decease auntie 's handi -van ( there 's that familiar '' ask I about my cat '' bumper sticker again ) head toward the office . the handi- Van pull into the dirt lot , a comfortable distance from Gus 's car . the cousin climb out . open the elevator door . use the handi-van lift -- weeeeehhh ! -- they lower ... you guess it -- tio ! in he wheelchair . as we killer finish lowering tio , they hear the grumbling approach of another car . they turn to the sound and wait : breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 25 . int . office trailer - poultry farm - day tight on a sheet of saran wrap -- schweeek ! -- as it 's peel off a snack tray . carrot , celery , dip , maybe some cut pineapple and melon chunks . coffee , a pitcher of iced tea . tilt up to reveal gus , alone , meticulously lay out this spread for he soon - to - arrive guest . get thing just so . we be inside the office , which be nothing fancy , just like you would find at a construction site : a standard desk , phone , a bunch of file cabinet , coffee machine and fridge , and a conference table front and center . the sound of a slamming door grab Gus 's attention . he peer outside through the window at ... gus 's Pov through window : Juan bolsa -- the cartel underboss whom we meet in the teaser -- walk from he park airport rental sedan and greet the cousins with warm hug . then , he lean close to tio , clasp tio 's bell hand in both of he own . a warm , respectful greeting . Gus study he guest at beat . then , step to the door : ext . trailer - parking lot - day - moment later Gus open the door , stand at the top of the step . ( note : this entire scene be in Spanish , subtitle in English . ) gus gentlemen . welcome . thank you for come . ( beat , as they approach ) how be the crossing -- any difficulty at the border ? bolsa ( not a problem ) the day I can not get across the border be the day I retire . Gus gesture for they to come inside the trailer . gus please , come in . I apologize that it 's not wheelchair accessible . Gus step back inside to clear the entrance . the cousin each take a side of tio 's wheelchair and lift . as they carry tio in he chair up the stair and into the trailer behind bolsa , we : time CUT to : breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 26 . int . office trailer - poultry farm - minute later Gus , on one side of the conference table , sit across from bolsa , tio , and the cousin . four against one . Gus nod , by way of we wonder bolsa my apology , Gustavo . of course , you should have be advise . it 's you territory , you have a right to bless the order . ( beat , probing ) but , we have no reason to believe the man be of concern to you . acknowledge the respect be show he by bolsa . simple answer : gus indeed , he be . bolsa so , you be in business with this ' Heisenberg . 's gus I do not know he by that name , but yes . ( then ) I have make no secret of the fact that I have always do business with certain local manufacturer . you and I , we still make money together . it 's never affect we relationship . what business Gus be talk about ? Walt turn down Gus 's offer in episode 301 . bolsa glance at tio and the cousin , who be get more and more impatient . bolsa give they a subtle nod -- a petition for calm . then , he begin to speak for they : bolsa Don salamanca have a nephew name tuco , gus I know of he , yes . bolsa then perhaps you know Don salamanca mentore he in the business ... think of tuco as a son . ( more ) ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 27 . continued : bolsa ( cont 'd ) when Don salamanca lose he ability to walk , tuco take over for he uncle . he be a key man in we organization north of the border . he be loyal . ( off Gus ) this ' Heisenberg 's ~- walter White -- he be one of tuco 's local supplier . until he betrayed tuco . ( grim beat ) so , now you see ... blood must be repaid by blood . tuco 's cousin here ... they have the right to exact vengeance . the salamanca family , the cartel , everyone stand shoulder to shoulder on this . ding ..! tio concur . a somber beat . canny Gus already know all of this . however , as always , he keep what he know close to the vest . address tio and the cousin : gus Don salamanca , sefior . I feel you loss deeply . please accept my condolence . I have no issue with you right to vengeance . and I do not stand in the way of justice . ( beat ) but , I be presently engage in business with this man . when we business be do , he will no longer be of any concern to I . ( beat ) until then , I need he alive . ding !-ding !-ding !-ding ..! livid tio frantically ring he bell and grind he jaw -- wrong answer ! the cousin stare coldly at Gus , who do not flinch . bolsa calm tio down . motion to Gus -- outside -- then turn to he compadre : bolsa Excuse we . bolsa get up . he and Gus file out the door , leave tio and the cousin to stew inside . ext . trailer - parking lot - continuous bolsa and Gus exit the trailer and climb down the step , Gus close the door behind they . they stand and talk privately . ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 28 . continued : bolsa I do not tell you how to fry you chicken , Gustavo . you should really leave matter of my organization 's politics to I . not mean as a insult . bolsa say this somewhat casually -- but the seriousness , the warning here , be clear . gus do I not run my own territory ? bolsa of course you do . and I will advise they to be patient . but I recommend you finish you business with the man quickly . or you risk lose the good grace of the cartel . that would be unwise . ( off Gus ) and that boy inside ~- I can not guarantee that they will listen . they be ... not like you and I . for they , this be a holy mission ... for Santa muerte . and they tell I she must be appease . as Gus consider this , he look up at the trailer window and see ... +.- the cousin , stare at he through the window , as coldly as death . off this forebode portrait ... end act two breaking bad # 303 '' i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 29 . act three int . white house - nursery - night overhead angle on Walt , as he toss and turn on a AIR mattress on the floor . Wide awake in he new makeshift sleep quarter , unable to get comfortable . a police siren sound in the far distance . not startling . just a subtle reminder of the constant threat of skyler , or anyone , disclose Walt 's secret . off Walt , wide - eye and restless : int . white house - master bedroom - night a cloud of smoke waft lazily through the air . widen to reveal skyler , sit in a chair she 's pull to a OPEN window , pensively smoking a cigarette . her foot propped up on the sill . a picture of melancholy . this complete the picture of the new '' normal '' in the White house : two sad , discontent people live separately under the same roof . Holly , in a bassinet across the room ( a '' safe '' distance from the smoke ) , start to cry . skyler snuff out she cigarette . pad over to the crib , hold the cry child to she chest . after a few beat , Walt call out from the hallway : walt ( 0.s. ) skyler ..? want some help ? skyler ignore he . intercut with : int . white house - hallway - night - simultaneous Walt , now stand in the hallway . he try to turn the knob . it 's lock . he continue to wait until the baby quiet down . then , in a plead ( slightly pathetic ) voice : walt skyler , can I use the bathroom ? again , no answer . Walt crinkle he nose , catch a whiff of something . smoke ?! not only have Walt lose master bathroom rights , skyler be smoking in there with the baby ?! man , do this piss he off . Walt turn , try walter , Jr. 's bedroom ( where the other bathroom be ) . also lock . ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 30 . continued : dammit ! Walt scowl . stomp down the hallway ... int . white house - kitchen - night - continuous Walt stop in front of the kitchen sink . remove a pile of dirty dish , rise up on he toe and ... he let out a long -await , spiteful stream of pee right into the sink . ah , yessss ! -- the new '' normal '' at the White house . off Walt , break bad into the sink : int . luxury rehab - the onion - day jesse sit in a circle of ten other in he now familiar group therapy session . [ note : let 's use mostly the same actor as in episode 301 . } only he 's in street clothes now that he 's a '' outpatient . '' though the group leader ( same guy as in episode 301 ) rant with conviction , jesse appear bored . we get the feel he 's come here only by routine . group leader we can not live we life try to make amend for what we do while we be use . that 's just another way of dwelling on the past . the past be fill with guilt , and guilt make we use again . ( beat ) forget redemption . it 's bullshit . if it happen it happen . we just gotta get on with we life . every day 's a blank slate . a rebirth . we can always be reborn . a few '' yeah '' and '' right on '' from the programmer . but not jesse . the Group leader notice he silence . group leader hey , jesse . ( startle , look up ) what 's up with you , man ? jesse takin ' it all in , be all . group leader no , man -- how’re thing go on the outside ? jesse ( shrug ) everything 's good . ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 31 . continued : group leader everything 's good ... and ? a beat . jesse , reluctantly , finally relent . jesse gotta new place . all move in . ( search ) dropped in on my folk . that go , I dunno , kinda ... alright , ina way . you know , something 's I have to do . ( beat , earnest ) thing be , I do not really know what to do with my time , man . I mean , I know I gotta get a job , make some green . but I do not wanna go work at some store , sell some shit I do not care about , like bagel or latte or deliver pizza , or whatever . ( beat ) I know I gotta do something . ' idle hand 's and all that . it 's just , I can not think of nothin’ that grab I , be all . group leader ( beat , consider ) you be soul searchin’ , man . it 's serious business . but it 's to be expect . remember , you be start over from scratch . jesse ( beat , yeah ) blank slate . group leader that 's right . just like it 's not good to dwell on the past , we can not obsess about what 's come tomorrow or the day after . take it day by day , minute by minute . that 's what it mean to live in the '' now . '' ( beat ) if we do that , life 's gotta way of give we a sign what path to take . just keep a open mind , a sharp eye out for the little detail . it ' 1l come to you . sure as the future . off jesse , take in this advice ... breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 32 . int . law office - day tight on baby holly , quietly suck on a pacifier , as she 's rock in she mobile car seat on the floor . reveal skyler , sit across from pamela orbic . skyler reach down beside she , rock the car seat by it 's carry - handle . demoralize , she unburden to pamela : skyler he move back in . pamela what do you mean ? how , exactly ? skyler he just walk back in and unpack he bag . he will not leave . he do not want a divorce , will not even consider it . . ( overwhelm ) I call the police on he . God , I be so close ... skyler trail off . a beat . huh ? pamela so close to what ? skyler ( beat ) nothing . never mind . pamela study skyler . intuit there 's more to the story . pamela skyler , I can not advise you properly if you do not tell I all the fact . skyler sigh . she 's never tell a soul about what Walt have do , not even Marie . but after what happen yesterday , she need to unburden to somebody . she have never admit it , but this be perhaps the reason she be here . pamela understand , I be bound by the attorney - client privilege to keep everything you tell I a secret . I can not tell a soul unless you authorize I to . skyler ( beat ) even if it 's something illegal ? ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . '' writer 's draft 8/26/09 33 . continued : pamela especially if it 's illegal . I be you lawyer , not the police . my job be to protect you . ! skyler ( long beat , then , finally ) my husband make meth . ( need to elaborate ) methamphetamine . wow ! pamela 's hear some wild thing in she practice , and she 's very professional about how she handle this news . but underneath she poker - face veneer , she 's pretty shocked . pamela ( re-state the fact ) you husband 's a drug dealer . skyler ( uncomfortable ) a manufacturer , technically . they , ah , call they ' cook . 's I look it up on the internet . pamela raise a brow at she . then sit back , in deep concentration . perhaps skyler hope for more sympathy , a '' oh , my God , you poor thing . '' but sober professional advice be all she 's go to get from this lady . after a long beat : pamela this be my advice and you should take it , ( beat ) Sue you husband for divorce immediately . let I go to the police and tell they what you just tell I . I ' 11 go in ex parte and get a restrain order from the court today . if he come anywhere near you and you kid , he ’1ll go straight to jail . no question ask . ( off skyler 's nerve ) once the police be on he case , he ’1ll have no grounds for custody , or any visitation . in fact , he will not be able to contest anything you nre ask for . a beat . damn ! skyler could really fuck he over . ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 34 . continued : ( 2 ) pamela this be a no-brainer . it 's the best thing for you and you family . skyler turn she gaze out the window . softly : skyler I can not . I can not do it . pamela why not ? be you afraid of he ? be you scared for you child ? skyler no . Walt would never lift a finger to hurt I or the kid . that I know with all my heart . ( off pamela ) I do not want my son to find out he father be a criminal . I just ... I can not do that to he . pamela you sure he do not already suspect it ? ( off skyler , absolutely ) kid be resilient , maybe more than you think . skyler this be different . he 's a fifteen year old boy . can you imagine the humiliation , to learn that you father -- the one man you look up to the most -- be a complete fraud . ( beat ) he aye we . make idiot of we . pamela ' you can not let you sense of shame for not know the truth dictate this decision . skyler i- I dunno , pamela , you will not have to hear people whisper behind you back -- ‘oh , there 's the meth cook 's ignoramus wife . ' ' the poor handicapped boy whose father -- celebrity cancer saint and pillar of the community -- be mixing up crank right under he clueless , incompetent mother 's nose . 's ( and another thing ) ( more ) ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 " '' i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 35 . continued : ( 3 ) skyler ( cont 'd ) not to mention my brother - in-law ... who be a dea agent . pamela ( sympathy ) jesus. skyler how 's Walt 's secret meth life go to make he look to he boss ? for all I know , he could be fire . ( beat , overwhelm ) God , I ... I be sorry , I ... I just feel so ... so trap . a emotional beat , as pamela let skyler gather herself . pamela you have to do what 's best for you and you kid . and that do not entail live with a meth cook . skyler you be right , it do not . but Walt ... he 's get lung cancer . his treatment buy he some time . but the doctor ... they all say he cancer be probably go to come back , sooner or later . ( beat , almost ashamed to say it ) i- I do not know what the future hold in store . but ... I can not see why I should lay all of this on my family ... when thing may resolve themselves soon enough on they own without anyone else need to know ? pamela be not unsympathetic . she understand why skyler want to keep quiet about Walt 's crime , even though she do not agree it 's the right , or the smartest , path . in any event , it appear she client have make up she mind . for now . pamela well . I still stand by my advice . I guess you just be not ready for it . quite true . off skyler 's sober acknowledgment : breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 36 . int . seedy bar - day hank and Gomez sit at a table in a rathole of a bar . Dark , seedy -- a pit stop for the freshly sprung from Los cruce hard up to score some crank and wet they tip in one of the resident bag-whore . if there 's blue meth anywhere in Duke City , it 's gonna be here . two meth-skells ( wiry and tough - look ) drink jet fuel a few table over . other degenerate scattered about the place . a couple tough hombres shoot cue in the back , squabbling indecipherably . though hank and Gomez be in plainclothes , they clean - cut appearance scream out '' cop . '' or '' chump . '' either way , they be unwelcome . rude glance flash they way . it 's lunchtime , but most people would not deign to eat here . goopy , diarrhea - ~ color nacho be set out at the table before they . Gomez scrutinize they with disgust . gomez what nre we do in this shithole , anyway ? hank just relax . gomez relax ? this be a good place to get knife . we should have go to chili 's , man . hank ( scan the bar ) we eat there three time last week . what 's wrong with spicin’ thing up a little . gomez ( be : the brown nacho ) this spice look like it 's run through a coupla guy before we . a few beat pass , while hank give the '' once - over '' to the tough - look meth skell . do not like the look of they . gomez so , when ya headin’ back down to El paso , anyway ? ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 37 . continued : hank ah , you know . between all the pack , errand , get the duck in a row ... maybe a week or two . gomez week or two ? come on , man . I would be die to get back to the action . you gonna clean that place up good . this ruffle hank 's feather . a hot-button topic . hank yeah , well , it 's not like there 's nothing goin 's on up here . gomez what nre you talk about ? ai not jack go on up here . hank scoff . Gomez study he -- what 's wrong with you ? hank I be hittin’ the head . he cross to the bathroom , leave Gomez to wonder at he reaction . on the way , hank take a good long look at the two nearby meth skell . hank's Pov : one of they hand the other one something in a close fist . could be money for drink , could be drug . they catch hank stare at they . sneer -- what the fuck you look at ? hank glare back , but keep he bearing . int . seedy bar — bathroom - moment later hank finish up at the urinal , walk over to the sink . he stew a moment in front of the mirror . even lowlife pipehead be show he no respect . motherfucker . his agitation build , he breath quicken . 0h , no , not this again ! lean over the sink , he splashes water on he face . struggle to control he breathe . hold it together , hank ... Atta boy , hold it together . his anxiety start to subside . phew ! Close call . he regains he composure . splashes water on he face . then he head back out . int . seedy bar - day - continuous hank sit back down next to Gomez , who be nursing he soda and itching to go . the unpaid bill be on the table . hank shoot another look at the meth skell . can not let it alone . ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 38 . continued : hank that two goons over there . I think they be holdin’ . gomez ( yeah , so ? ) shit , man . in this place , the bartender 's probably holdin’ . hank look at he -- you with I or what ? Gomez be skeptical , but he 's always get hank 's back . reluctantly : gomez alright . he pull out he cellphone . start to dial . hank whoa , whoa , what be you do ? gomez callin 's apd . whaddya think ? hank what the hell you doin’ that for ? we can handle a couple dirtball . gomez I be not sayin 's we can not handle it . but if we roust ‘em without runnin 's it by the local , asac ' 1l be all up in we ass . ( off hank 's frown ) come on , man . courtesy call . what if vice be runnin’ some kinda undercover op we do not know about . hank be piss . but Gomez have get a good point . hank screw it . you turn to pay . meet you in the car . hank shuttle out of the bar , leave Gomez to pay up . ext . seedy bar - STREET - day - moment later hank sit behind the wheel of he jeep commander , the bar visible in the b.g. he can not stop seethe over the two thug inside . he start to get hit with another wave of anxiety . only this time , it 's stronger . he suck wind . his blood boil over , until , finally -- fuck this ..! ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 39 . continued : and now he do something strange . disregard all rule of peace officer protocol ( and common sense ) , hank ... ... unfasten he holster . he stashes he sidearm under the driver 's seat . jump down out of the Commander , head back toward the bar . cross Gomez come out . gomez where ya go ? I just pay up . hank gotta take another leak . gomez Jesus , get yourself some flomax . Gomez watch hank disappear into the bar . he shrug . climb into the passenger seat and wait ... int . seedy bar - day - continuous hank cut across the bar with a vengeance . the two meth skell spy he come . what the ..? he step right up to they . Wide -ey , fist ball low at he side . a tense beat as they stare from they seat . skell # 1 you gotta problem with we ... bitch ? hank ( beat ) stand up . the meth skell rise . glare right in hank 's face . for several long moment , they stand like a triad of tree , elbow flare , wooden and mute . until , finally ... hank you move . a short beat . then , suddenly , skell # 1 try to steal a punch , and it 's on ! ( we be in close , at odd angle , so we feel we be immerse in the brutality . ) hank duck it , come back with a hard right -- ahh ! -- into skell # 1 's kidney . skell # 1 stagger , clutching he side in pain , as ... skell # 2 swing at hank from the blind . hank dodge and deflect , lock the skell 's arm . wrench it , spin he into awall . but now skell # 1 , back in the mix , land a uppercut to hank 's body . ugh ! not good . hank stumble , cring . and here come skell # 2 again -~ swinging a Beer bottle down like a mallet at hank 's head . ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 40 . continued : hank dip low and block the makeshift cudgel with he forearm . lurch and swing he fist , almost from the floor , low and hard -- oooofff ! -- double he like a bag of rice . hank grab the back of skell # 2 's head two -hande , pull down while drive up with he knee -- whamm !! -- into skell # 2 's face . skell # 2 hit the floor hard , roll half - conscious . skell # 1 , frantic at the fate of he compadre , scan for weaponry . grab the back of a chair . but as he turn to swing it -- snapp ! -- hank foul he up with a palm strike to the chin , skell # 1 reel back . hank seize he by the neck , spin and body slam he into a table , break its leg and collapse it to the floor . hank riding down on top of he . not yet deplete of fight , skell # 1 reach up double claw - hand , try to pry out hank 's eyeball with he thumb . hank let loose a animal growl , grip skell # 1 's hair in both hand . hammer the man 's head into the floor , over and over again , until he be duly pacify . kneel over he , hank cock a fist in rage , about to do grave damage to the now defenseless man . but then stop himself . he fall back on he knee , clutching the limp head trophy - like by its hair , blood trick down from its scalp and drip from one ear . stare at it , eye craze with adrenalin . then , as if aghast at he own do , shrink back and let the head flop to the floor with a plunk . hank stand , breathe hard . pull cuff from he pocket ... hank d-e-a . do not move . yeah . now he say it . he start to cuff the two skell , groan and face down on the floor . look up and see the bartender watch , open-mawe and speechless . hank go on out , tell my partner to get he ass in here . a beat . the bartender slowly backpeddle a few step . before he turn and rush outside . off hank , struggle to bridle he ptsd - fuel fear and rage ... end act three breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 41 . act four int . jesse's house - live room - night overhead angle on jesse , prone in he sleeping bag on the floor . like Walt , not get much shut - eye this day . restless , he reach beside he for he cell phone . press speed dial . he 's be do this a lot lately . this time , however , before the message finish ... jane ( recorded v.0 . ) hey . if you be try to sell I something , I have get four little word for you : do- not-call ... the message cut off . weird . jesse wait a couple beat . press speed dial again . this time he get that familiar three - tone sequence , follow by the operator recording : operator ( recorded v.o. ) the number you have reach : one- four - nine , four-nine-eight - five , in area code five - Zero - five , be no longer in service . if you feel you have reach this recording in error ... jesse hang up . a look of sadness overcome he , as he realize this last reminder of Jane 's voice be now go . but then , he expression grow pensive . be it just coincidence that he happen to be call right when the message get disconnect ? or be this one of that sign the rehab leader be talk about ? off jesse , thoughtful , we : ext . jesse's house - night / day - time lapse time lapse the exterior of jesse 's house , from night to the follow morning . int . white house - hallway - day walter , Jr. , walk down the hallway , dress for school . he glance briefly at the close door of the master bedroom -- where skyler have be hole up since last night . consider it a beat , then continue toward ... breaking bad # 303 '' i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 42 . int . white house - dine room - day - continuous walter , Jr. stop at the threshold of the dining room , where Walt be clean up dirty breakfast dish . though father and son have already eat , skyler 's place set be still laid out and clean ( Walt leave it there , just in case she want to eat ) . walter , JR . I do not think she 's come out . walt ( beat , search ) she will . she 's just , you know , go through a rough patch . we be , all of we . obviously . ( nod , willing it so ) everything will be back to normal . just ... give it some time . serious denial . walter , Jr. give he a dubious look . to Walt 's relief , a car honk -honk outside . walter , JR . I gotta go . walt see you at school . walter , Jr. , head to the front door . Walt , wheel spin , watch he exit . as the front door shut ... int . white house - master bedroom - day skyler , dress for work , sit on the edge of the bed , hold Holly . she hear the car door shut outside . wait for the sound of the motor as the car pull away . think Walt have just leave , she strap the baby in the car seat . exit into the hallway , ready to leave for work : int . white house - hallway - day - continuous skyler walk down the hall hold the car seat . she see something odd in front of she , and stop in she track . place on the floor at the juncture of the live room , where she can not miss it on she way to the front door , there be a familiar , large duffel bag . it be unzip , but from that distance , we can not quite make out what 's inside . ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 43 . continued : until skyler take a few step closer ... and we see that it 's brimming with cash ! skyler 's jaw drop . before she , more cash than she 's ever see in she life -- more than she ever imagine Walt have make cooking meth . though she expression be not one of greed or lust , she be astound . walt skyler ... she look over to Walt , who stand nearby in the live room . gauging she every reaction . partly because she 's entrance by the sight of so much cash -- but also because she now need to hear how she once humble schoolteacher husband can lay claim to so much money -- she slowly step over to the breakfast bar and take a seat on the nearest stool . her body language be clear . she be ready to listen . int . white house - live room - day - continuous Walt do not come too close to she , afraid it might unsettle she and cause she to leave . keeping he distance , he lean against the back of the armchair in the live room ( the money frame between they in the b.g. ) . when he begin to speak , he 's not the resign Walt of yesterday . this Walt be impassion , sincere . yet also nervous , for he know that this be he one chance to make he case . walt I do a terrible thing . a illegal thing . no one know that better than I do . but I do it for a good reason . I do it for we . ( be : the money ) that right there ... that 's not about money for my medical expense . I grant you , I could have take gretchen 's handout to cover that . no . this be so much bigger than that . it always be . ( beat ) I earn that money , not for myself . but to pay college tuition for walter , Jr. , and for Holly seventeen year down the road . for health insurance for you and the kid . ( beat ) it 's for walter , Jr. 's physical therapy , he sat tutor . money for grocery , and for gas , and for graduation party . ( more ) ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 44 , continued : walt ( cont 'd ) for Holly 's day care while you go to work . her brace when she 's older . ( beat ) skyler , that money be for this roof over you head -- the mortgage that you be not go to be able to afford on a part time bookkeeper 's salary when I be go . skyler Walt ... he hold up he hand -- please let I finish . walt I do not steal this money , it do not belong to anyone , I earn it . what I have do to earn it , the thing I have have to do -- I nve get to live with they . and I alone will die with they . no one else . ( choke back emotion ) I do not even expect you to love I anymore ... but , skyler , all that I have do , the sacrifice that I have make for this family , it 's all for nothing if you do not accept what I have earn . please . I be not ask you to do it for I . but take the money for we kid . a emotional beat . for the first time , skyler truly grasp that Walt 's love for he family , he paternal desire to provide for kin , be what drive he to break the law . and there 's that great big gym bag of american dream , just sit there . somebody 's go to take it . why should not it be she kid ? have not the scion of the nation 's myriad robber baron and rum runner and corporate criminal enjoy fruit of they father 's illegality in sum far great ? Walt see he word have hit home . but also he know that he wife 's pride alone would preclude a immediate answer . walt I will be here when you come home from work . you can give I you answer then . off skyler , a small but distinct crack in she armor : breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 45 . int . dea abq - bullpen - day hank stand and fix coffee at the beverage table . this , as he steal worried glance of Gomez through the glass of the asac 's office . Inside , Gomez be give he report of hank 's '' bust '' of the two meth skell . on the bullpen floor , some fifteen or so dea agent go about they business . a dea agent happen to cross by hank , catch he off guard : dea agent Nice bust , man . rock ‘n’roll . hank ah , thanks . just catch a eight - ball . no big deal . hank resume to stir and spy , until Gomez finish . as Gomez exit the office , we overhear the asac through the open door : asac ask schrader to step in , please . hank eye Gomez -- get over here . Gomez approach , stand next to he at the coffee machine . as both man stand side by side , neither one look at the other , Gomez speak quietly : gomez we be hang back . saw a deal go down . I step outside to call it in . you stay to keep a eye on the suspect . that 's when they attack you . a beat . hank nod , relieved . then , before he can turn away , Gomez inch he face closer . look he hard in the eye . say with bridle anger , but in a cold , calm voice : gomez what I do not tell he be that you leave you gun under the seat before you go back inside . off hank , know that Gomez know he 's not play with a full deck : int . beneke fabricator - break room - day CA - weesh ! ..ca - weesh ! ..ca - weesh !.. ca- weesh !... close on the strobing light of a copy machine as it zip back and forth across the copy machine glass . ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 46 . continued : we pull back to reveal skyler , run off copy of balance sheet . she be deep in think . ' trapped . miserable . ted beneke enter the break room , on he way toward the coffee machine . as he rush by she : ted hey , Sky . skyler do not reply . Ted ( think nothing of it ) reach the counter , start to fix he coffee . skyler look over at he . stare at he back ( which be turn to she ) while the stack of copy keep run through the machine . then , as if without realize it , she find herself move toward he .... she stop close behind Ted . he do not know she 's there until she reach out , touch he back . he turn , surprised . read she eye . as she slowly ... gently ... lean closer ... and then kiss he . wow ! they linger a beat , lip just inch apart . then separate further . both a little bewilder . just then , a female CO - worker come in and approach the fridge . like teenager catch kissing on the couch , they quickly quail away from each other , while the co-worker grab a lunch bag and drink . she leave , without notice a thing . they share a anxious look -- close call ! which turn a bit impish , as each find humor in the other 's embarrassment . this , too , fade , into a awkward silence . then : skyler be you kid home ? uble wow ! Ted shake he head -- nope . off skyler and Ted , about to take a extra-long lunch , and a irrevocable plunge : ext . desert - afternoon wide on a grand , desert vista -- stark sun , sand , and big blue sky . we rv , miniscule against this vast landscape , cast a plume of dust as it ramble into frame . breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 47 . int . rv - afternoon - later jesse , alone , stand before the cookware , all in order on the work - bench . chemical be line up , ready to go . he wear he cooking outfit . after a long , thoughtful ( yet determine ) beat , he grab he mask from the workbench , pull it over head and into place . then , he step to the alter , and commence to cook . so , that 's what the sign tell he to do . off jesse , live proof that idle hand be the devil 's plaything , we : time CUT to : ext . white house - driveway - evening skyler , in she Jeep , pull into the driveway behind Walt 's aztek . ( note : Louis 's car be park on the street , where skyler will not necessarily notice it . ) she sit behind the wheel ( Holly be in the car seat behind she ) . she stare blankly at the aztek , think . be she feel guilty about she indiscretion with Ted earlier in the day ? happy ? confused ? or relieved , perhaps , that she 's at least emotionally escape the captivity of she unbearable marriage ? or be she ponder she response to Walt 's pitch earlier that morning that she accept he ill-gotten gain for the family ? that she accept he ? finally , she climb out of the car ... int . white house - live room - evening the front door open . skyler enter the house with Holly in she car seat . she be surprised to see louis watch tv with walter , Jr. the boy look up ( walter Jr. be silent ) . louis hey , Mrs. White . skyler hey , Louis . louis thanks for invite I over for dinner . ( continued ) ~ breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 48 . continued : huh ? that 's annoying . the last thing skyler want right now be a visitor . but not want to be rude : skyler sure . just then , Walt , wear he apron , pop he head out from the kitchen . walt oh , hey , skyler . I be , ah , cooking dinner . pot roast . could ya ... he signal she -- come here . skyler pause , set down the baby in the car seat , then slowly approach . int . white house - kitchen - evening - continuous she find Walt , in perfect dad mode , chopping up vegetable for a salad . he 's chipper . hopeful that thing be about to take a favorable turn for he in the domestic battlefield . he mix the salad as he speak , keep he voice low , so the boy can not hear he from the live room over the tv : walt how be you day ? skyler ( beat ) good . walt ( study she ) good. excellent . ( resume mixing ) I hope you do not mind . I invite Louis to stay for dinner . you know , to thank he for drive walter , Jr. to school . ( stop mixing ) we have be kind of ... absent . and Louis have really pitch in . skyler look at he . read ( correctly ) the absurd timing of Walt 's dinner invitation to Louis as yet another manipulation -- a effort to keep skyler from skip out on dinner and retreate into she bedroom ( as have be she habit the past few day ) to avoid he burn question about the money . sure enough , as the boy watch tv in the live room , Walt motion for skyler to come closer . ( continued ) breaking bad # 303 " i.f.t . " writer 's draft 8/26/09 49 . continued : walt I just want to say , I feel good about we talk this morning . I be eager to know what you be think , you know , about ... what we talk about . ( off skyler ) when you be ready . of course . finish with the salad , Walt pick up the bowl to bring it into the dining room . almost as a afterthought , he turn to she . look she in the eye . walt honesty be good . do not you think ? a beat . skyler meet he gaze , squarely . she then ... skyler I fuck Ted . a beat , as the word sink in and Walt turn to pull the salad bowl from Walt 's hand . call boy as she cross toward the dining room ... skyler boy ..? dinner ! off Walt , stunne , just stand there , as he down upon he head ... end episode nod . and stone . skyler out to the world fall