break oliver stone copyright @ 1969 Anthony 's trip through three mood / location : 1 . the City -- speed and fear 2 . the Forest -- decrease speed fading into dream 3 . prison -- silence ( the death of word ) freedom ( end of Movie ) 1 . small , student 's french - type garret decorate in deep -re , suitcase on bed . Anthony to he desk , hurriedly examine he thick papers and book , and throw they on the floor . take a book ( closeup photograph of genet , book 's author , a photo from early 50' , in he burglar 's T-shirt , he name in large , visible letter at base of photo ) off night table , put it in suitcase , lock suitcase , open door , suitcase out door . A. back into the room , wine bottle from mantelpiece , pour red gasoline over book and manuscript pile on floor , spread the gasoline around the small room . look it all over , bend , light match , toss on fire , back up , a instant later sound of wind pop a tent shot of A. and red flame shoot up . A. force hack . through the jump flame , sweat with the heat and watch . shot of close door through open the door. fire . a 's flee footstep down the gothic stair , trot . fire. cut . footstep ( run ) . 2 . Voice off : so you run away from school . ( pause ) yes . shot of father and son , son in jeans , boot and vest , long hair , early twenty , he hair get longer with the progress of the movie , he feature , icily handsome , become more and more expressive and tender . you quit . a :* : ( inwardly ) yea . ( A. 's small pocket knife be out , play the edge with he nail , shot close of he hand slightly quivering with inner tension . ) I can see you be on acid , Father : probably on you be on pot . pill . God know what else ! ( laugh 'at himself ) a .-. sex . . . Dancing . mushroom . my mind be blow . ( gently out of tension rub the inside of he upper leg ) ( look at he as he Father : do this ) I think you be sick . ( put knife away ) a* : tun I love you , you be Anthony , P. : my boy * A. strike match , watch it burn . telephone ring . Father pick up phone . pause . strange voice hiss over the phone : sssssss . hanging up . Father , bother , hang up . the match in A. 's hand burn out . Father see it go out . a ; rise , not look at he Father , walk to elevator which open directly on the luxurious apartment . 3 I think you fire be out a : I think dad . . . I be sorry . I need a woman , dad . I be go out and find a woman , dad - f. startle , very distant , slowly wonder aloud : you really be sick . . . you have no idea really of what reality be . a , turn around at entrance to elevator which open as he talk . then softer : look at Father hard . right here . reality I have . ( gesture with he hand to he genitals ) right here . ( head ) right here . ( heart ) so man . . . ( softly ) dad . . . do not ever tell I I be sick . shot : footstep into elevator . Hand push elevator button . Elevator drift across Father 's face , disappear , 3 . Anthony 's Elevator open another floor . mother with siamese cat on she arm get into elevator 4 first , group of friend follow dress in fancy thread ready to go someplace . itother , look at in elevator , at first unable A. to recognize he : Anthony ? yes , mom. a : how be you ? marina : elarina , who say this , be Russian look , be tall with she lock down closely a husky voice and long black hair . at A. , who be lean up against a side of the elevator . mother from distance : come with we . where you go ? a .: look at iilarina , who be look at he . mother turn bored to she son , look at :him , blow smoke out of she mouth : to Hell ! what difference a .: do it make ? a Dylan - type , freaky hair 4. open . Elevator and corduroy and knee-high boot ( see later as lerner ) be lean up against the side of the elevator in same pose as a 's as elevator open . look at the party of people wth cold blue eye . go in elevator after last have leave . A. comb he hair in the reflection 5 . marina of the glass door , with a large light - blue comb . stand behind he . to the side . 5 a .: no . ! i. : why not : a .: no. 14 . : why not ? a .: no. Anthony return to pocket of he jeans . comb 6 . face of party go out the glass door , mother first , son the last . 7 . Anthony at front of door , wave to they as the door of the limousine close . A. ( off in low whisper ) : ciaou , 8 . A. glove hand in pocket not wear jeans but fancier , better clothes , walk down a city sidewalk in the damp night . a young , cautious , slightly tense walk . pass a belt raincoat on , draw up around he neck . a tall black stand in the shadow of a doorway , very well dress , a silk scarf about he neck , a distant green light blink on and off . to the negro 's right there be a fence with a manifesto tack on . A. stop , look at the black , at the manifesto , approach , read it . camera follow down the manifesto , line by line with he eye . hen want be you a man can you kill be a realist . you can you rape . can you steal . can you die ! assure yourself . go East . go to War today . shot of spade tread past A. 's back , as he read . 9 . camera follow spade from side walk down reading street . stop at light newspaper stand . a glamour magazine . pull of white model . marina , in fleeting full - screen shot of the model : Russian leather and egyptian outfit . a , look , Pan he eye to newstand where the spade be casually walk away with magazine . Voice off ( low ) , alexander 's soft cultivate voice : I fle moral courage . I read vogue magazine and comic book . . . and suffer as I look across the abyss at beauty , such complacent beauty . . . Quick full - screen blowup ?. larina ; then the Silver surfer ( a comic-book hero ) . &amp ; walk down another street . it be start to rain . 7 cut to A. as he be try to close a window in the middle of the night , the cold air blow on he naked .body . he find the window stick . it will not close . Voice off :... but then I be a soldier . . . a soldier be a soldier . . . and a soldier never cry . . . Close , A. wear a horrible white face mask , a cigarette stick in the mouth hole of the mask , smoke blow out . Voice off :... he die . A. walk faster , hand in pocket of raincoat . 10 . voice off , reeling by fast : I know exactly how you feel , man . I know exactly what you go through over there darling . I be hip man , you be emerge from a cosmos of insanity . full screen blowup : eisenhower , smile , in a golf cap - reak h to the other side . drum start up . B on throug drum fade . voice off : cool it man , cool it . another voice : see Alexander . 8 voice off : it 's a fc dl man , who play it cool . ( pause ) a - 's voice , off : . . . on the loneliness try ? they all split . dad 's face I leave behind in the elevator . shot . a 's voice , off : my mother 's voice die on the telephone . she . . . shot of marina in the hall behind A. comb he hair . a 's voice , off : split . I split . ... shot of A. in student room at fire , he flee footstep . a 's voice , off : we all split . . . we all fade . ( pause ) my mouth feel dry . A. pass camera , he back to it , 11 . Anthony in coffee shop next to movie theatre , stand , eat , what he 's eat . beautiful blonde girl wait at the counter for she change , catch each other 's eye , the voice on the radio say : drive slowly , do not gamble with you life , remember . . . the stake be too high . 9 A. follow she . shot of she move out the door . superimpose image of the two walk separately . Voice off ( Alexander 's ) : . . . the street be full of the City be the fear . fear . the sfi&gt ;dow the wind be fear . off the building be fear . the plastic people be fear . . . the silence be fear . blonde girl arrive outside she doorway , see shadow of A. come up to she silently , he hand on she neck , kiss she cheek , lightly kissing softly kissing she . she on the mouth again , he finger gently under she chin - she respond gently . her fear melt into tenderness . cut to blowup ( full screen ) of joanna ( see later ) in the wood with a thin egyptian band shape as a snake on she head , she face paint green , not a model but a member of a strange tribe live in the forest . 12 . Voice off , ( a.'s ) : I want to sleep with you as soon as I see you . she be a painter , she comfortable set : diana 's apartment . pad full of large unframe colorful painting on the wall . she have long silken white hair , a pale face , green eye , be in she late twenty , speak with a arrogant british tone . together they be lie on a rug next to the fire , 10 a lion 's head tell we what sort of rug . she be her doberman pincer warming a 's cold foot in she lap . be quietly rest on the couch above they , surveying . sound of fire crackle . D -. ( answer ) : oh we will eventually . it take time . right now you be perfectly dreadful . . . you do not know you be uptight . look what to do with yourself . they be beautiful at you hand . long creative hand , shot of hand . D .: but they be tense , quivering as if you would have malaria in the East . smell he , a bit of disgust in she face . D .: you be give off no scent . you be cold . . . no smell . you be clammy . shot : painting of black man with large red flame d' S eyeball , black on red background , a edge semi-abstract , insanity to it . of a : ( off ) : wow like some oyster in he shell on a seashore . D , ( off ) : no , a oyster be wet , it be not at all damp . the same thing . 11 pause , look at a 's e'y closely . A. not relax with she , a .: wow what do I say . do not say wow , it do not D .: mean anything to I . a but baby , l : ( bqove he head with emphasis ) wow mean a lot to I . - shot of A. at Temple in the Forest , with black brother , A. say with slow motion . in they primitive clothes . great feel and adoration wow ( no sound ) . D. 's voice , off , the camera return to she apartment as she talk ( petulantly ) : hide hide hide1 why do you you do not have hide thing ? to perform with I . . . if you ... want I . . . be yourself do not be honest either . . . there 's no such thing as honesty . . . that who try it inevitably come off smell stain . cut : come closer together on the rug . shot he finger knead the inside of she mouth , shot D. play with he zipper . shot A. take he brown leather pants off . shot dog watch , 12 shot D. 's face examine he naked body from above , judge , observe , shot Anthony on he back , he eye wander to the painting semi-abstract , examine a butterfly of a naked woman , also this painting , cup in she hand between she knee . unframe I grow almost to full screen as camera zoom in slowly . D. , off : now you bone be get softer . you have a lot of bone and very little flesh . didpu know that ? ( pause ) a . , off : no , what do that mean ? D * , off : you be not a fish anyway . camera have pan across wall to closeup of painting of black man . the voice off ; now you be taste good . D. : you be be yourself . a .: the fire 's out . D .: let 's go into the bedroom . a .: let 's stay out here , voice , off , trail into the bedroom : a .: maybe I will go in the back . D .: no , you may attack I from the rear , but you will enter at the front . 13 shot : door close on dog who attentive to he mistress , be circle at the door . shot ( sharp tense freeze ) of D. upthrust on bed , arching herself , a green scarf cling by its tip to she mouth . ai 's leave hand , with a leather wrist band on it , on the in she face , eye open , side of she head , frame it . a sudden and surprising fear -- fear of A. , fear of release , fear of sex . shot close on a 's face , look at she under he , curious , not passionate . cut . D. naked comb she long hair with a brush in the mirror above she boudoir , wear small black read spectacle on the tip of she long nose . in the mirror , we see the big dog lie warily on the bed with a . you have get a nice body . D. you have get nice hand . but you have get nice hair . I can get a thousand nice body and nice hand in this therefore , if you be city . go to come back , produce . but a little not just a tool . more of everything : gut , talent , intelligence . . . and then together . . . we will work . be hurt , not a* on bed , hand behind head , listen . to show it , get up , go towards bathroom . 14 oui , mama . A. ( bored ) : D. see he in mirrur , turn , come towards he aslant as he move , black spectacle on she nose , green scarf tie around she neck , put herself up against he , Dog raise he tapping buttock with brush reassuringly . he head , look at they quietly . D .: if you be what I think you be . . . it will work . . . we will run away . . . we will get out of the City -.. a- ( deadpan ) : oui , mama . as he say this , earlier picture of genet full - screen blowup , pass on screen through he mind . A. go to bowl . shot of solitary red rise float in the toilet bowl . shot A. curious about it . D . , off : I want to watch you pee . shot of rise be destroy by the urine . a . , off : why ? D . , off : I be curious . ( pause ) what do you want from I ? a . , off : A. in shot , the dog on bed look at they both naked . growl lowly , at the door watch he . the bathroom . D . menacingly . cut . 15 13 . the sound of jazz now , as a increase clash . we go faster . senseof unreality envelope the city . it 's cold , he Anthony walk the dark night street . briskly , drive on in spite of he hug himself . walk grow fear . plile - Davis - type jazz play off . shot of cat ( Alexander 's cat see later ) from the top , he stripe back undulate , glide , jump up , sit . shot of A. 's other cat , the siamese , sit , watch the stripe cat . the former shot of the street , a homosexual be digging A. wear a fur overcoat festoon with flower pattern and xoroccan lace . shot of A. through the homosexual 's orange - color shade ( jazz grow intense , into the drum , mimice he Orange shade melting into red stoplight . fantasy-passion ) . A. crossing the street at the red light , in the drizzle , quick image shot ofa speed limit sign mark with the twin zeroe represent infinity . Pan across thevine cover abandon Temple in the Forest -( use later for second set ) . Pan into the cat 's eye , cat 's eye fusing into the eye of spade in super - thread sit at a small table in the A. be only white middle of a jazz club , decorate in red . at the table , with the spade and a couple of head , each one brother with goatee very isolate from one another . lightly sleep on he muscle , another softly shaking he head like a snake riffing on the music , the third , the 16 spade with a African head sit there perfectly stone within himself , eye open , look ahead , almost not even pay attention to the beat . shot of candle . shot of jazz group leader , close , a slight sweat on he himself , start to grow more intense , face , carry play the same jazz that begin the scene . Voice , off : betray : explode . . . I : negative . . . betray : explodef Quick shot candle . shot : terrifying explosion of a mine in a tree ( see later ) . A. rise from table quickly , sweat , flushed , tread freaking on the jazz , need shakily towards men' room heavy soul James Brown , come something stronger . music , up fast on the jazz score , beginning at the moment of the explosion in the tree . . . Brown moan " I get the feel " . Shots quick in rhythm with new music . Shots : sweating jazz leader 's face the black at he table , individually a 's burn room back at the university foot run his A. shakily glide through club to men' room . go in . White wall of john momentarily break he mood . Shots two cat lock in the toilet , they foot visible snort . under the door . sound of strong sniff . 17 bump up against the door of the toilet as they hear A. come in . one of they say in husky drugge voice yea . . . well a . . . shot : A. comb he long hair in the mirror with the light blue comb . closer . shot : a 's calmer face . shot : A. in he forest thread , he hair longer , in the forest , comb he hair with a small jag pocket mirror . his face reflect on a jag screen . Long shot from side of in wood comb he hair . a . shot : same explosion . James Brown beginning all over again *.. I get the feel ! shot : A. dance to the music with a color chick , alone in he apartment , work it out . both dance well , fast slow , never strenuously . superimpose image : A. back in the jazz club candle Jazz man swinging his book and papers in flame smash he photograph ( see later ) cat , move , watch 14 . this superimpose image fade , A. and the girl dance to the music . I get the feeling peak . cut . no sound but that of the rain fall on the street . still night . A. get out of the car at the corner . one of the brother , with the goatee , drive in the front , the spade next to he , in the back in the shadow the third the window wiper rub the head , very high and silent . windshield . 18 open , talk to brother in back . A. keep the door listen man think we be a .t I on two different trip tonight and wow . . . it 's like we be still circle each other . brother in back , shy smilk -ng , not quite look at A. well you kfiow how it be . . . 3 rother : we all get we secret -- the man at the wheel 's get he . I get mine . the shot of driver look out at the rain , bored . spade next to he adjust he scarf . A. look at brother in back . a .: would you like to come up we will get so to my place ? high , we will have to unite . brother ( still shy , elusive ) : . . . well it 's get late and we gotta be at the man 's Fe get you in the morning . number . fte.11 give you a ring . ( pause ) a .*0 okay , man , have it you way . brother : keep it cool . A. close door to car . shot of two in front look ahead through the wet windshield . car drive off . 19 A. walk through a cloud of steam rise from the sewer . 15 . a girl in motorcycle gear ( same girl who later as member of the tribe be kill by Bunny ; some distinguishing feature so as to be recognizable ) look closely at rodinl sculpture the kiss . Voice , off : I never know why before , there 's why it be so beautiful . no sex . follow she glove finger as they probe the area camera of the male 's miss part . 16 . on a wall A. come through the steam cloud . a cop behind he be paint " freedom for Italy 's Young ! " in a blue overcoat with a stick be lean up like a prostitute against a building down the street , try to keep out of the rain . walk past he . a . shot : A. try to close the window in the night . it will not close . turn he face - on Anthony , come out of the shadow , cop take he cap off , long white hair tumble down from the cap . A. see diana , dress in blue . no look of surprise in a .* 's face , rather a acquiescence to the fear . he see what happen to he , not as unreality or dream , but as object of fear . only later , do this fear fade into dream . 20 17 , Voice off , ibther 's regalvoice , previous scene dissolve into bedroom of mother 's who be in bed look like a fiery wreck . mother , I just do not know I have pain all over my ear , my eye , my spine . . . I can not tonight I think I move -*. be go to die . oh I be suffer Anthony since the East , you have be back from you leave this apartment in such a mess , you be a pig ! I can not have it . . . I be go to . . . oh irm in pain it do not matter . want my place impeccable all the I do you understand that ? time , a * I distract , flick he cigarette in the waste basket at he mother 's bedside . Fire erupt immediately as if gasoline have be soaking the trash . mother shriek as the red flame jump up and block she off from A. through the fire , she voice : i4 other : oh you fool , you have put the place fire . 1'11 go and tell father . a.: 18 . shot of father sit cross -legge on a divan in a afghan - type robe , smoking long turkish hashish pipe . 21 Father 's voice , off : my son , bless be the star that bring f7ou to I . - cut to A. pick up he young boy 's face , 19 . encase in a photograph frame and throw it out the Father in robe behind he , picture window onto the street , look off distract somewhere else . sound of breakage , Long shot from above of it drop . no his face in the street , the rain pour down on it . 20 . cut to shot of telephone . telephone voice , off ( soft ) : keep it cool . cool it man . slow fade . 21 . this scene do in deadpan semi-documentary style , mostly medium and long shot , Anthony tread lightly into the subway , no longer wear raincoat , but look more like a cat , wrap in a light beige wool overcoat down to he knee with hood which he have over he head and light - blue sunglass over he eye , tan warm tight pants it 's about two in the morning and heavy warm moccasin . and the underground station be desert save for a color cat well dress in a silk scarf and wear light - pink shade over he eye , lean up against a tier on the other side of the track . Long shot of they across the track from one another , 22 glance through they shade at each other , unconcern . a utter silence , , A. casually strolling back and forth . advertisement on wall for soup , intermixe with poster Dean . dette Davis . of people 's face , blownup . brando . superman , batman , wonder woman - Edward G. Robinson , etc . A. stop at blowup of the Silver surfer . walk on . shot of he through color cat 's light pink lens across the track . A. read a poster : believe that Love be the greatest thing with I in the world ; that it alone can overcome hate , that right can and will triumph over might . " -- John D. rockefeller Jr. as A. read the poster , a whistle down the tunnel . a express train whistle by , shot of move people 's Express disappear . zombie face shoot by in the night . utter silence return ; whistle from down pedestrian corridor . ri'ch croesus-rockefeller type emerge dress he 's old with grey in rich fur , a red flower in he fur . walk back and forth near the hair , distinguished . track , a bit nervously but detach and rich . put a pair of light yellow shade on , look at a , on he side of the track and the brother across the track , see they both look at he with they variously color shade ( shot of they through he yellow - he do not shade ) . put they away . he take ihem off . like they . shot of rich man pace through A. 's blue shade 23 ( if in black and white , a frontal view of A. look be good enough ) and then through the brother 's pink shade . suddenly train whistle down tunnel , come down A. 's track . then brother 's . - train shot through a - be eye . approach , scream . shot through rich man 's eye . nervously pace at the very edge of the track . roar of train . Rich man jump head on into the track . roar as train go by , pull to a stop . Long shot A. casually get into subway . shot of brother , leave pull away . alone. on subway platform . watch the train pull out . train through he pink shade . look at the bloody track . do not see what he see . camera on he unsurprise eye . grey can kill grey . 22 . seat , a white wall behind solitary shot . woman she . first shot , she beautiful leg . the tilting up . face and body of a old woman . stare at the camera . 23 . blow wp pull screen of mureyev. momentary . ( nureyev the ballet dancer ) 24 . shot A. , narcissistically examine he own face in the mirror , proud that it be icy . try suddenly to put expression into it . not satisfied . 2s . cut to Anthony throw he photograph into the street ( see earlier ) . slow motion as it descend onto sidewalk , shot from above . shot nureyev 's face smashed in the street . 24 26 . Anthony in a stark white wall toilet , a violin Anthony softly play off screen a classic mozart melody . write with pencil on wall in large capital : to be Real ! to feel ! free ! ( semi-documentary effect to this scene ) camera dwell on free . cut to 27 . some stock footage out of the great fencing scene in the Sea Hawk ( 1940 ) with errol Flynn battle he adver - sary in the castle , they two huge silhouettes leaping up on the stone wall behind they . its effect camp the seriousness of A. 's feeling perhaps this imply he own ability to see himself comically . ability be what make he go on and not give up , the difference between he and Alexander . violin be still play through this scene . footage be cut at the moment Flynn kill he adversary . violin continue . 28 . camera pan a park , discover man in the cold , in the day , not raining , he head in he hand , look at a small fire burn in wire trash barrel . a dwell on he . , a dime mister ? voice off : a : if you need bread man , steal it ( pause ) 25 a : ( cont would ) : can I steal it from you ? ( pause ) here , take this key . . . ( low mumble follow and fade ) 29 . shot of father in business suit , speak scene on telephone , he arm gesture , angry , disgust , do in silence except for violin which be still play . Pan from father 's gesture arm across to he loot apartment , drawer on floor , food eat in kitchen , liquor bottle open , the mirror steal from they frame . Pan across he library full of rich leather bound book , leave untouched , pan across this , camera come to a young boy with long hair ( Anthony ) in a cardin- type suit play the piano ( the same child be see later as Anthony 's own child ) . the off screen violin fade , and Anthony pick ud the same gentle melody on the piano . camera not stop long at he , keep pan to he young itother , much young , virginal , in a long dress reach to she ankle as in the early 50' , look in profile out the window at the garden , a afternoon sun shine . ( soft , a boy 's tiny voice ) Voice off : the world be sorrow , nothing more , and in its bosom I play . . . the practice of my heart . camera pan out to the garden . dissolve very slow . 26 ( off 1 30 . there be no truths outside the gate of eden . shot of shot : unframe blowup of Dylan on wall . alexander be back on side , look at pester , hat just speak this . turn around : I be what you be . . . I be what you be go to be . Alexander , handsome all in voluptuous black , walk this away from poster , down a few step , into he apartment . scene , as very important to the well as the apartment , be theme of the movie , Alexander be a throw - back to the a blow up feeling express through word , through poetry , of Dylan in he apartment and a romantic unframe portrait of Anthony , rimbaud , the young french poet he identify with . in the apartment with he , be more modern , more uncertain of he symbol ( so far genet , Movie actor , vogue and glamour model be he only glow up ; he make Alexander 's trip here in the apartment and later again one last time , in prison , where Alexander 's destiny be unfold along with Anthony 's * two different road , but sprung from a similar source . Alexander 's dark brood clothes accentuate the idea of a modern bewilder hamlet lose in a sea of word in a world where word be die . during the course of he monologue , the camera will pass through he apartment , pick up object such as he two cat , one stripe , one siamese , the painting , the blow - up of comic -book character Alexander have but on he vjall ~ 27 a poster of Jim morrison of the Doors , and several large plant ( optional ) -- and flower . the apartment 's color could be plain white and black , either black wall and ceiling and bright white furnishings or vice-versa , but a plastic stark contrast between two scheme , old and modern . white chair , bubble table with neons glow on they , abstract portrait , that of rimbaud could be semi-abstract red and green , contrast to this single classic furnish -- Alexander -- all in black , pace through he large one- room apartment studio . a picture window look out on the dark city way below . also a fireplace above which hang a torch . not a apartment stress wealth , as Alexander be beyond it , almost mythic to Anthony . as write , the camerat effect be to circle the room time and again 1 pan the object as the speak word themselves encircle themselves . the siamese sit in a white plastic chair , look . the stripe cat be on the move . Alexander glide past he object , find a cigarette , Anthony be sit across lighting it , stand . from he in a chair , dress in a light motif -- contrast to Alexander 's black . look at Alexander , Anthony in he clothes look like he 's burn he lar;t candle . Alexander look at he , understanding : : ( softly ) what 's happen , Anthony ? tell I . a , pause , shrugging , say " oh " like the french say it . lighting cigarette . camera wander away from he - 28 his voice off , soft , almost a interior monologue : strange thing happen to I .-- feel like a I little boy inside a crazy crazy city , try to close a window . . . and the window 's jamme . . . ( pause ) .-. I keep have accident , camera move around room take in another Anthony sit there , in another outfit , spilling champagne on himself , camera continue past he as if nothing have happen - ed . Quick cut to A. flick the cigarette into he mother 's wastebasket but before fire can erupt , cut to sight pf auto - mobile accident , a anonymous body lie in the street . . . cut to A. 's face close , worried : I meet a girl yesterday in the park . . . I be walk my mother 's dog . shot of A. in the park walk he mother 's little diana walk she doberman . the doberman swarm over dog . A. 's dog . talk diana berate she dog . leash he in . A. talk to to a , who hold the little dog in he arm . she . both talk . I : do not know it then . . . but she be the law . shot of diana , she long white hair , in the blue policeman *s overcoat , she voice off : you may attack I from the rear but you will enter by the front , fading into she freeze in bed , the green scarf cling to she tooth by its edge , drape on she bosom , the 29 fear of release write in she eye : . . . so I be the thief ( &amp ; net b~cjw up ) explanation , in contrast to alexander= , Anthony 's be mostly make in image : ... cop a cigarette case from she . I shot A. leave she apartment , take a gold cigar - ette case . . . . she see I . . . ( D. see he ) . . . she pretend she hasngt . shot diana act as normal , the dog still growl at A. , soundlessly . . . . say goodbye . . . say call I soon . . . know I will not . . . I steal . . . I be catch . . . I do not return . . ( pause ) . . . she adore it . . . I do what she want . . . she 's a thief . . . do not know it . ( camera dwelling on Alexander 's portrait of rimbaud ) . . . she paint . . . she steal . . . shot of full screen of diana 's painting of the woman and the butterfly . shot A. photograph , similar to shot genet 's , in a t-shirt , look sensitive and a thief . A. close , talk , blow cigarette smoke out mouth . . . . but she do not admit it . . . stay a cop . . . love . . . like a cop . shot diana in bed , freeze , green scarf , etc . , fade into shot of red rise sit in the toilet bowl , slow fade . Alexander : but you be not a thief , be you ? Anthony , look up at Alexander . ( pause ) Alexander : any other ? A. mood , start change to smile : oh . . . I meet this crazy chick at a auto - mobile wreck .. , ( shot of same wreck , see previously ) . . . she take I home to she place , .. we talk . . . she 's incredi - bly warm .-. we go to bed . . . then very suddenly ehe say , do you like to dominate or be dominate ? . . . I say it do not make any difference . . . I do not think about it . . . she say , I want to beat you . . . okay ..* she weigh about a hundred pound . . . it 's passionless . . . I feel foolish . . . she say , man , you be so square . . . beat it .-. beat what ? ..- get out of here ! . . . she throw a boot at I ( shot of boot hit the wall next to A. ) closeup ; a 's face : we just could not get together . . . ( pause ) ( A. reflect ) . . . you walk around and you meet so many square you begin to think you be square , .. then sometimes just everybody 's out of he head . . . then you you think meet the freaky obsessed one like that chick . . . snake people , cat people , dog people . , . ( pause ; closeup A. 's face ) . . . and you just do not know where you be at . punish yourself - Alexander : ( a tender look ) you a : this crazy chick yeah , that 's just what say , why do you punish yourself , that 's what they always say when you want to find something and you be look very hard . you will it ) anything just to try anything ( emphasize find out , and if nothing be available , you go out and force a , in street , walk ) and because you yourself to look ( shot 31 force yourself , this crazy people pin a label on it -- masochist , why do you punish yourself ? Alexander : so now what ? ( pause ) a : ( shrugging , shifting mood ) ( camera dwelling on timbaud , shifting to the Comics ) ... I be sick of sit in movie . . . there 's some kind of real war in the East . . . they need man . . . I need new face . . . it 11 enlist . Alexander and Anthony , look at each other . A. go on almost in apology : .e. the money 's good , you keep what you take . . . you find out . . . if you can kill . . . if you can not ( shrug at he own morbid .-. ( pause ) . . . do you get kill ? think ) , a soft Alexander pick it up - telephone ring . feminine voice , husky , say over the phone : be diana there ? alex&amp ; tier : she 's go , be she come back ? Alexander : no. this be luna . how be you , Alex ? Alexander look at wall , reflect , hesitant about something . the voice continue : I have a partin a I be go to the East , will you still be new movie of godard 's , I will be back . here ? Alexander , look puzzle : I do not know . 32 Alexander hang up , pace to front of abstract able.to be read : lettering hang on a canvas on the wall , " painter paint , writer write , poet sing , killer kill ( read by camera go down from line to line ) . Alexander turn away from tableaux , ask a : be you a killer who kill , Anthony ? ( go on ) you have never . . . ever , . , betrayed yourself to I .. , ever , it 's sad that you be this way . . . you insist really on be you own hero in you own little tragedy . shot : face . his offscreen voice : a , be word the image begin . four quick image from Anthony 's mind tumble on screen , each image run through he mind with a click , as from a slide viewer : 1 . A. kill the anake with he knife ( see later ) . shot from A. 's 2 . A. as sole survivor of massacre . shoulder , of desolate stream bed in the forest ( see later ) . in profile . A. be decorate in dark shadow . 3 . a dark hand in a greta garbo glove put a orchid on he afghan- type uniform . the silver bird ( airplane ) fly across the 4 . sky ( see later ) . Silver bird on airfield runway , stop , Alexander , the door open . Parents , the hero return . diana , other there . four strong black brother in fur bear a pink marble coffin strewn with yellow and black flower from the plane . shot of horror on Parents ' face - look diana Alexander bow he head , tear on he cheek , hard , offended by this heroic act . 33 image end . Alexander : . . . I do not think you know yet whether you want to live or die . Close shot a 's face . pause , ( become hard ] . . . I see before I with a : my eye . I see a siamese sit pn a chair ( camera follow this object he mention ) . .. I seeposter of Dylan ---morrison` superman . . . people with secret identitie . . . I see a library full of exalt expectation - write by people who have be eat by worm .-. I see a portrait of rimbaud . . . young , tender , bold . . . ( camera dwelling on portrait ) who after all he travel and adventure be deliver back to the beginning die of syphilis into he motherg arm . . . ( bitterly ) l . . . . . and I see one writer ( camera directly on Alexander , humbling he , beginning to reveal he identity ) - he write a poetic book at the tender age of eighteen . he 's live inside this he 's do nothing since . four wall for more than a year now wrize to all hour , dream - ing think imagine have he woman around he like little insect , and without know it himself , become a ultra - sensitive , very tender plant , a interior this wound Alexander . a long pause . monologue deliver offscreen between the two of they , in urgent , intimate whisper , something they might have say to each other before somewhere in the past : ( soft , say quickly ) . . . when I die will a : will you let I in ? I see you face at the Gates of eden ? I do not think I would let myself in . alx : 34 camera which have be pan the room during this short interior dialogue , return to alx . who be talk more to himself in a wistful vein : it 's we really live like plant though . the wordless part of ourselves where thing just happen to we .. , we be hard on we animal selve , so hard , and we travel such a long way , look at Dylan blow up " it 's so hard to very few of we young one ever get on " . . . and so few , so really make it , ( turn to A. after a long pause ) I have be here tco long --. like yousay .. my mindistooloose , my leg .areinstagnantwaters - last night ...1 take mylasttrip , ... , I ask my -. , " insect woman " , -- to leave I -.- she do - shot of A. listen to alx 's conversational story , imagine it . alx on floor in lotus position , diana , he diana , painting ~ 1 ~ 's face with long snaky luminescent color alx sprout from the eye , the nose , about the forehead . she look very indian , very intense , about to be brutal . be finish . stand , look in the mirror , say something he to she , look at she tenderly . she leave , a : . . . as soon as she leave , I set my poem and my book , everything on fire ( shot of flame see in same 1 ) . . . it be everything I have do # be last year we - I take a bag -- write -- and but it make no difference . go to the end of it , as far as could go , and you know I all else have what I find . . . I find nothing but myself . fall -- Truth illusion , whatever it be , and the dream have very suddenly come down to a inescapable almost implacable 35 unmerciful factor , factor-inanition one. I ! . . . I , like some poor poet would say , have puncture by beautiful beautiful quintessence . quintessence be a lung . bang sssss . he hiss . walk to a flat table design as a chess board , with the piece on it , all of they white , a~x pick up a castle in he hand , roll it over , say a bit more gayly : alx : so I start play a game of chess with myself today ( turn to A. ) it make sense . . . ( camera on the all white chess piece , a~x replace the castle ) . . . and I shall play until I have completely lose track of which piece belong to which , of what belong to what , of who belong to who . . and then when the game be over ( he pause ) . . . you will what ? a : camera on superman blow up , shifting to one of tarzan . alx : you know , Anthony , what the most beautiful dream in the world be . . . it 's the iris of a glisten green serpent snowfloate on a film of mosspink water , perforate pupil gaze at you naked back , it slice its through the fluid brim . . . it go on and on , finger of the dawn . a.indifferent to any meaning Alexander attaches to it : word . this be just a : I do not understand . word fall out of alx : but word be thought . the sky like this rain . they glide from street corner to 36 street corner *.. ( camera dwelling on cat , the stripe one , move , the siamese look at he , the cat play a little game as the monologue continue ) . . . think , there 's always one more word * one more think nonetheless , be not there ? train of think . on the last on the next corner , corner . I pass . what be it ? I go . I pass it by . you search , you fail , you wish perfection in the mind , you be close , closer , yesterday but one , tomorrow but one , so close you be almost there . tomorrow ! it collapse and where be you ? think , dimly think . on and on , through a threnody of street , through word make of rain . ( a . look at the rimbaud portrait ) . Interior monologue . hollow distant boy 's a < mouse , 16 - 17 , = " " < b= " " a= " " about= " " almost= " " camera= " " clipped= " " docu - = " " dwelling= " " i= " " in= " " mentary= " " night .= " " of= " " off : = " " on= " " painting= " " poet .= " " rimbaud 's , = " " silence , = " " speaking= " " style .= " " the= " " voice= " " wrote= " " > I </ mouse , >