breaking bad " abiquiu " episode # 311 written by Thomas schnauz & John shiban directed by Michelle maclaren as broadcast sony picture television inc . all rights reserved '' 2010 no portion of this script may be perform , or reproduce by any mean , or quote , or publish in any medium without prior write consent of sony picture television inc . * 10202 West Washington boulevard * culver City , CA 90232 * breaking bad " abiquiu " cast list walt skyler jesse walter , JR . hank marie saul gus badger jane skinny pete andrea baby holly brock grandma group leader physical therapist tomas bogdan ( non-speak ) bullethead # 1 ( non-speak ) bullethead # 2 ( non-speak ) breaking bad " abiquiu " set list interior : white house live room kitchen dine room superlab saul' office lobby hospital physical therapy room hallway hank's room art museum meeting room andrea' home bedroom suburban house kitchen dine room live room taco sal' jesse's tercel skyler' jeep exterior : church andrea' home strip mall lot car wash suburban house urban STREET teaser a abstract image . a black square against a field of white and grey . quiet , still ... kind of mesmerize . we be look at the 4 'x7 's Georgia o’ keeffe painting title '' my last door , '' a minimalist representation of the artist 's patio door at she home in abiquiu . this canvas hang inside ... int . art museum - day many of we probably could not identify this work of art , but there 's one person who definitely do not have a clue what it even be , and that be ... ... jesse , who step into the shot , he back to we . he look at it , he head tilting a little leave , a little right . after a moment of silent contemplation ... jesse yo , I think I be gonna see some , like , vaginas . he tell this to a young woman , who step into frame next to he . a familiar silhouette against the light artwork , and we soon reveal this be ... jane . yes , jesse 's beautiful , dear , lose ... dead Jane . telling we this be another flashback , sometime after they plan Santa Fe visit in episode # 209 , but before they downward drug spiral of # 211 . jane I do not say she actually paint vaginas . I say some of she painting look like vaginas . jesse ( be : this painting ) uh , seriously ? not even close . Jane smile at he playfulness . he 's just bored and want to get under she skin . but Jane still make a effort to educate he , whisper respectfully in the museum ... jane Georgia o' keeffe paint all kind of stuff . everyday item . her surroundings . some of it evoke a ... erotic nature . it 's who she be . jesse squint at the square black hole in the painting . ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 2 . continued : jesse not like any vagina I ever see . ( then ) this chick have medical issue ? jane this particular painting be of a door . Jane pad off , leave jesse to stare at the abstract portal . he frown , not convinced at all ... jesse any other door here we can check out ? like , real one , or ...? int . jesse 's tercel - day - later the couple climb into jesse 's tercel , a light cigarette in Jane 's mouth . jesse be still a little dumbfounded , hold he key in he hand . jesse y'know , I - I - I do not get it . why would anyone paint a picture of a door ? over and over again , like dozen of time ? jane but it be not the same ... jesse uh , yeah . it be . jane it be the same subject , but it be different every time . the light be different , she mood be different . she see something new each time she paint it . jesse 's not buy into this artsy - fartsy bullshit . jesse and that 's not psycho to you . jane well , then ... why should we do anything more than once ? should I just smoke this one cigarette ? maybe we should only have sex once if it 's the same thing . ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 3 . continued : this get jesse 's attention ... do not go down that road . jesse whoa. no ... jane should we just watch one sunset ? or live just one day ? ( she point ) because it 's new every time . each time it 's a different experience . jesse can not argue with that -- but something be still rub he wrong about the whole thing . and besides , he 's have too much fun razzing she over this . jesse okay , fine . I guess the cow skull picture be cool , but ... a door ? I will say it again . a door . zzzzzzzzlzzlzazlzzz «we jesse let out a fake snore , but he still do not get under she skin . jane why not a door ? sometimes you get fixate on something , and you might not even get why . you open yourself up and go with the flow ... wherever the universe take you . jesse sigh , he 's not go to win this one . he put he key in the ignition and start the car . jesse okay , so ... the universe take she to a door . she get all obsessed with it and just have to paint it twenty time until it be perfect . Jane shake she head -- not quite . jane no . I would not say that . nothing 's perfect . jesse study she and smile . jesse yeah ? well , I mean ... some thing . ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 4 . continued : ( 2 ) meaning she . romantic jesse shift over and give she a kiss . Jane intentionally ( playfully ) do not lean in to make it easier for he to reach . she smile as he move back . jane that be so sweet , I think I throw up in my mouth a little bit . jesse ( laugh ) you can not admit just for once that I be right ?! c’mon . that o' keeffe lady keep try over and over until that stupid door be perfect . Jane smoke she cigarette -- shake she head . jane no . that door ... be she home , and she love it . to I , that 's about make that feel last . jesse watch Jane take a final satisfy drag on she cigarette , the filter stain with lipstick , and ... a ecu of the cigarette be extinguish in jesse 's full ashtray . a remnant which we find last episode in # 310 , from a moment jesse wish would have go on forever . end teaser breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 5 . act one int . hospital - physical therapy room - day a pair of feet . wearing hospital booty , lowering toward the ground with a motorize hummmmmmm . the foot belong to ... hank . he be strapped into something call a electromechanical patient lifter , which have he in a diaper - like harness attach to motorize cable that raise and lower he . a physical therapist guide he between a set of parallel bar . ( this area should be fill with as much high - end physical therapy equipment as we can get , probably in we big redress wait room ) . physical therapist okay , alright . here we go . you ready ? sweat drip off hank 's forehead as the weight shift -- he foot touch the ground , but only he arm strength be support he . he 's clearly have trouble , he breathe be labor ... he leg have no power ; little movement . marie , skyler and walter JR . be here for moral support , off to the side . full of hope that he can do this , but ... the pain be too much . he want to stop . physical therapist c’mon , gimme a step . gimme one step . hank ( struggle ) nope. nope . that 's it . take I up . marie you can do this , hank . ( then ) c'mon , it 's suppose to hurt . pain be weakness leave you body -- hank pain be my foot in you ass , Marie . Marie be a bit of a drill instructor here , and do not mind the abuse . give as good as she get ... marie hey , if you can get you leg up that high , I say go for it ! ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 6 . continued : hank 's arm shake . he 's fall . he can not do it . hank take I up , take I up ! hummmmmmmm . the therapist slowly raise hank back up , so he foot be dangle a little . Marie remain strong , not give away any hint of disappointment . but skyler give she son a comforting rub on the back , know how important uncle hank be to junior . the therapist remain positive ... physical therapist alright , coffee break . we be gonna let you rest for a minute , then we be gonna try it again . hank never mind about you '' coffee break . '' take I up . I be do . physical therapist we will just pick up where we leave off . hank see the concern and subtle pity on Sky and junior 's face . it rile he even more . he look at he wife ... but Walt Jr. try to encourage and urge he on ... walter , JR . c'mon , uncle hank . you can do it . how else be you gonna get out of here ? but something about this piss hank off even more . he lock in on junior and snap ... hank do not you have any friend ? I mean , Jesus . find something better to do ! I do not need everyone stare at I hangin’ here like a camel 's ball sac . hank be a little mean and petty , but junior be not hurt . he understand ( go all the way back to the Pilot when it be awkward for he just to try on new pants ) . skyler hank , he just want to be supportive -- but Walt Jr. softly interrupt he mom and aunt ... ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 7 . continued : ( 2 ) walter , JR . it 's alright . Walt Jr. move toward the exit . both skyler and Marie suppress the urge to lay into hank , see he hang there in he debilitate state . hank know he be out of line too , and part of he be sorry , but another part just do not give a shit . marie I will be right back , okay ? skyler and Marie quietly follow after junior . as they be leave ... hank ( to therapist ) gonna get I out of here sometime today ? int . hospital —- hallway - day - continuous skyler turn back as hesitant Marie bring up what be , for she , a delicate subject . marie Sky ? we get we first bill . and , you know , if you be still insistent ... skyler I be . skyler hold out a hand -- let 's have it . Marie reluctantly produce a fold piece of paper , hand it over . it 's hank 's hospital / therapy bill . marie prepare yourself . skyler unfold the bill and locate the '' amount due '' . we do not see the total , but judge from skyler 's reaction ( underplay for she sister 's benefit ) , it 's pretty damn big . marie they be gonna start come in weekly like that , so ... ( then ) you be sure you can do this ? remember , this be the lie of '' gambling winning '' skyler tell she sister in # 309 . it 's skyler 's plan to take Walt 's dirty drug money and use it for good . ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 8 . continued : skyler yeah ... skyler nod ... but not a confident one , as the enormity of the situation hit she . off she well - fake smile ... a abstract image . a wavy sea of blue . we be in ... int . superlab - day we be look straight up through a wavy , solid sheet of we blue meth . it may take a beat to figure out where we be , but once jesse 's face appear in he tyvek suit , we will probably know . he look down through the '' glass , '' right at we , examine the fine workmanship . after a few beat of we feel like pet fish in he aquarium ... jesse raise a scraper tool , and use the butt of it ... smash !!! meth spider out into beautiful break aqua shard . smash -smash-smash as he then break it smaller and smaller . time CUT to : int . superlab - day - moment later jesse transfer the product into the usual rubbermaid ... but as he work , he get a odd feel . he turn to see ... walt -- watch he closely . very closely . creepy , like Walt 's either go to kiss he or kill he . okay ... jesse go back to he task . he seal the lid and move this last of five bin to the weigh station , but immediately , Walt step in . walt I 'il do that . jesse what the hell , man ? jesse step back , watch Walt zero out the scale and calculate the weight . jesse what , I can not work a scale now ? but Walt say nothing , recording the weight onto a chart . jesse slow - burn , want to know what the deal be ... ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 9 . continued : jesse this be bullshit . just say it . just say the word . you think I be steal ?! Walt hold a finger to he lip -- shhhh . he motion around to the rafter , as if to say , '' bug . they ( Gus and company ) might be listen . do not use that word . '' Walt return he attention back to the clipboard . jesse just shake he head , full of mock outrage . of course , we know he 's steal , but how dare this motherfucker accuse he ! off of rile jesse ... ext . church - night establish . where jesse attend he drug counsell . and yes , this maybe could be dusk . group leader ( v.o . ) '' walk with who you be . '' int . meeting room - night jesse slip into a session already in progress . a average - size group , include badger and skinny pete , in they round - circle set , listen to word of encouragement from the group leader ( last see in # 309 ) . group leader that be the phrase my sponsor use with I , back when I first start come to meeting . ( scan face ) it 's probably just a different way of say , '' be yourself . '' right ? but this idea of '' walk '' also tell I that I have to move forward . badger and skinny Pete actually seem to be into this message . listen carefully and nodd to this word of personal motivation . be they just play along ? we be not sure . group leader always good advice , at least for I . ( scan group ) I see we have some new people here at Group . couple of new face . see some hand ? first time ? ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 10 . continued : four hand go up around the circle , hesitant and unsure , they first experience in group . one new girl , andrea ( early 20' , latina ) be the last to reluctantly raise she hand . group leader great . welcome . maybe we can go around , introduce ourselves . say whatever 's on you mind . ( point ) how about you ? you want to start we off ... he point to andrea -- pretty , alone , fragile . jesse take note of she when she 's call upon . she 's uncomfortable with all this new eye on she , but she also have a toughness that finally get she to , '' fuck it , I will just do this ... '' andrea yeah . my name be andrea ... and uh ... not really sure what else to say , she give a brief shrug of she shoulder . the Group leader remain positive ... group leader we do not bite . no judgement . you can be as open and honest as you want to be . andrea honestly . .? ( then ) I do not want to be here . she 's not be bitchy , or a hard - ass . it 's simply that he ask , and she answer . group leader alright , fair enough . who else have they hand up ? as we group leader continue on , unruffled , we hold on jesse . off he , eyeing andrea ... int . meeting room - night - later close on doughnut be pick over . it 's after the meeting , and group member gather around the free coffee and snack at a side table . badger load up as jesse approach he and skinny Pete , pretend not to know they ( as '' cover '' in they meth sell ruse ) . ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 11 . continued : jesse hey . ' sup . my name 's jesse . badger well ... hello , jesse . my name be brandon . and this be , I believe ... Peter ? skinny pete right . I be Peter . how be you ? jesse roll he eye at they suck - ass act . he look around , walk they out of earshot of the rest of the group . jesse I just , uh , want to give you a head up . it 's gonna get a little slower smuggle product with , uh , grandpa anus watch every move I make . ( assure they ) do not worry . i’11l keep it flow . badger and skinny Pete do not show relief or enthusiasm over this news , just a awkward sideways glance . skinny pete ( fake it ) great ... right on . badger yeah . jesse ( glance around ) so , uh ... how ’zit sell ? mad volume ? the guy look at each other and kind of nod , slowly work they way down to ... badger yeah , it 's uh ... you know , uh ... ( finally ) it 's not so good . it 's jesse what do you mean ? you sell ? how much have badger I sell a teenth . ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 12 . continued : ( 2 ) jesse one teenth ?! that 's it ? ( glance around at group ) to who ? badger point meekly to skinny Pete . badger to he . Pete shrug sheepishly , give a little '' yo '' - type nod and wave . jesse be stunne -- you have gotta be fuck kid ! badger look , it 's not so easy sell to this people . they be here tryin' to better themselves . skinny pete yeah , there 's like ... positivity and stuff goin’ on here . jesse be outrage . he want to bust a gasket and yell , but he can not do it here . instead , quietly : jesse I be out risk my ass to get product for you two , and you be too pussy to sell ?! you be pathetic . ( fume ) y'know what ? I want it back . all of it . I x11 sell it myself ! badger c'mon , man . do not be like that . selling to this people ... it 's like shoot a baby in the face . it 's not natural . skinny pete yeah , jesse . it 's not so easy like you think . jesse I will show you exactly how easy it be ... jesse turn and look around the room , until he eye land on ... andrea -- who be have she court card sign by the Group leader . he 's give some last word of advice to a few of the newby -- stick with this , it 's worth try . but andrea be wait to get she card back and split . ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 13 . continued : ( 3 ) jesse give a last look back to he worthless salesmen , and start head toward the exit . just as ... andrea get she sign card back , also make she way toward the door . jesse watch she as she move -- a lion tracking the weakest prey in the herd . jesse time he arrival at the door just ahead of andrea . about to exit , he pause and smile , move as if to say , '' lady first . '' jesse oh , hey . sorry ... andrea no . go ahead . but jesse do not go -- he 's much too sensitive a guy to push ahead of a woman . smooth , sweet , and to we ... just evil . jesse andrea , right ? andrea yeah . jesse hey . um , my name 's jesse , and , uh ... ( private -- for they only ) I do not really want to be here either . ( beat ) oh , uh ... sorry ... off andrea , hearten to meet someone who think like she do , and no idea of what await she ... end act one breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 14 . act two blackness . a unknown rumble sound , muffle , like we be underwater . and it turn out , yes , we be underwater , as a lid come off a metal pot -- we be looking up from the bottom through boil water . not in the Super Lab , but ... int . white house - kitchen - evening skyler move into view above we , she face look down as she salt the water . after a beat , she dump in a fistful of pasta -- sploosh ! wider -- out of we specialty shot -- we see skyler also have a pot of sauce and meatball bubbling , a bowl of salad , and a loaf of italian bread on a cut board . she crank a cooking timer as through the main room walk ... ... walter Jr. he eye the dining room table , see there 's three place setting . walter , JR . aunt Marie 's come to dinner ? skyler wipe she hand with a towel , answer with carefully measure nonchalance : skyler no. you dad be . really ? off junior , smile at this unexpected surprise ... int . white house - dine room - night two hour later . empty sauce - smear plate tell we that the dinner be well over , as we find Walt in he old chair with baby Holly cradle against he body . walter , jr. ( playfully ) how would you get she to sleep so quick ? be you that boring ? walt I be '' comforting . '' I be a comforting presence . as Walt rise to place sleep Holly in she nearby bassinet , he shoot a smile to skyler , who sit nursing a glass of wine . Sky be politely noncommittal . just ... even . but if we be judge by junior 's mood , the meal go well . ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 15 . continued : Walt , Jr. reach in he wallet , pull out he instructional permit from the New Mexico dmv and hold it up for he folk to see ( we do not need to show it particularly well -- we especially don 's T want to make out the date and year ) . walter , JR . hey , so check it out . see what this mean ? check out the date . next Thursday be officially six month that I have have my learner 's . which mean ... ( hooray ! ) «+. I can get my provisional and start drive by myself . walt ( return to the table ) since when ? you do not turn sixteen for two more month . walter , JR . do not matter -- it 's a provisional . look it up ! they change the law like , ten year ago . Walt look to skyler -- you onboard with this ? she already know , and shrug -- yep . walt well , I do not vote for that . walter , JR . do not matter if you vote for it . it 's the law . ( again playful ) so both of you start think about what kinda car you wanna buy I . skyler mmm . walter , JR . I think I have be good with either a old iroc or a ' stang . skyler ah . a '' ' stang , '' mm-hmm ? walt how about something with play card in the spoke ? make a nice motor -y sound . ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 16 . continued : ( 2 ) this be refresh -- Mom and dad together goof around with junior . it 's be a long time since we have see that . walter , Jr. 's be kinda starve for it , in fact . grinning : walter , JR . ha , ha dad . you be not go to get off that easy . alas , all good thing end . at this lull in the conversation : skyler well , I think this be um ... we should probably table this discussion for later . you dad and I have a couple thing to talk about , so ... junior sigh . he get up , gather he crutch and head to he room . walter , JR . okay . a 1971 Mach 1 fastback in grabber lime ... with a shaker hood ... ' stang . walt I will write that down so we do not forget . ( fake - pat he chest ) a darn . no pencil . Mom and dad smile as they son exit ... but then they make eye contact with each other . Walt 's here for other business . time CUT to : int . white house - live room - night reaching in a pocket of he own nearby jacket , Walt offer skyler a plain white , unmark envelope ( unseal ) . skyler nervously nod thanks . here 's the moment of truth . she open the envelope and slide out a cashier' check ( we will not see the amount , but just in case , it 's $ 10,000 ) . skyler examine the check a moment , grateful , but then ... curious . confused . she finally have to break the silence . skyler what be '' Ice Station Zebra associate ? '' Walt be not expect question , so he 's a little throw . ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 17 . continued : walt it 's a loan-out . it 's fine . skyler whose loan -out ? walt it 's fine . really . I have a guy . hmm . skyler 's radar be now way up . skyler ohhh-kay ... um , do you '' guy '' know the tax code and regulation for New Mexico ? Cause , there 's very specific paperwork that have to be submit quarterly on this . walt ( nodd ; absolutely ! ) yes . my guy be a top guy ... skyler who be he ? what 's he name ? what be he qualification ? Walt , this ... ( lower she voice ) «+. money have to be unimpeachable when it reach hank and Marie . walt and it be . it will be . skyler but , how do I know that ? I mean , apparently you can not even tell I the man 's name . exasperate , Walt think he can call she bluff . walt Jesus , skyler . you really want to know ? I mean , do you you really want to know ?! really ? Big mistake . off skyler 's resolute face -- absolutely . CUT to : breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 18 . int . saul 's office - lobby - day in a snazzy one - er , we pan across a thicket of gang - banger , cheat and troglodyte who be wait for the legal service of Mr. saul goodman , esq. to find ... .»». Walt and skyler . skyler be in a slight state of shock -- even she do not expect it to be this bad . off Walt , watch she closely out of the corner of he eye ... realize a bit too late that this be probably a huge mistake ... int . saul 's office - day - later close on saul 's '' University of american Samoa '' diploma . skyler stand stare at it , deadpan and unimpress . behind she we find saul goodman , definitely impressed ( and slightly flummox ) to be meeting pretty skyler . saul Hell . welcome . what a pleasure it be to have you ! I be just gonna call you skyler , if that 's okay . it 's a lovely name . remind I of a ... big beautiful sky . Walt never tell I lucky how lucky he be ... prior to recent unfortunate event . Walt watch nervously as he two world collide -- saul fawn over the tall - drink - of - water that be skyler , and skyler uneasy that she might accidentally pick up a social disease from the charge and shifty shyster that be saul . saul clearly he taste in woman be the same as he taste in lawyer : only very best with just the right amount of dirty . ( laugh ; off she stare ) that 's a joke . that 's a joke . it 's funny because you be so clearly very classy . here , please , sit down . saul pull out a chair for she . when she 's not look , saul give a quick eyebrow - raise of approval to Walt for landing such a looker . Walt try not to notice , take he own seat as saul round to the business side of he desk . saul so . Walt tell I that you have , uh , some concern I can alleviate . ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 19 . continued : as skyler scan the big '' constitution wall '' behind saul ... skyler uh , yes I do . I have ... concern . no shit . glancing sidelong at Walt , you do not have to be kreskin to read she mind . how the fuck do you end up with this guy ? yet skyler politely press forward ... skyler um , if we be go to go down this road ... and clearly we be , for the sake of my brother - in- law ... saul I have hear about he . uh , he 's a american hero . nodding , saul give out with the cheesy sympathy like a discount undertaker . skyler pause flatly , then continue . skyler at any rate , I need some assurance that we be gonna go about this ina manner that be extremely safe and cautious . saul Fair enough . I '’11 walk you through the process . first step be something we like to call '' money launder . '' alright , take you be money be represent by say ... this jelly bean . walt uh , saul ... saul set out a jar of jelly bean , meaning to pitch the same simplistic '' money launder 101 '' he give to jesse in # 309 . Walt try to warn saul with a quick shake of he head . skyler y'know , I be a bookkeeper -- so I actually , I know what money launder be . saul uh-huh . ( take away jelly bean ) well . ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 20 . continued : ( 2 ) really ? cricket . skyler and as with most thing , the Devil be in the detail . so to begin with , what be we say be the source of this money ? saul that 's simple . Walt here come up with a great story about gambling winning . blackjack , right ? some card - count system ? walt ( quiet discomfort ) um , actually that be skyler 's idea . saul 's eye widen at skyler , impressed . saul well . you grow more gorgeous by the minute ! ( then ; shrug ) well , there you have it . I / x11 generate false currency transaction report out the wazoo , as well as the necessary w- 2gs . I know a couple casino manager who will jump at the chance to report false loss . so , win - win for everyone . skyler but you can not sell that for very long -- saul ( interrupt ) yeah , yeah . Way ahead of you . uh , we declare just enough so as not to arouse suspicion . then , Walt 's one - time winning become seed money for investment . skyler investment in what ? saul drum roll please ... wait for it ... ( beam ) laser tag . off they non-reaction : ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 21 . continued : ( 3 ) saul laser tag ! Seven thousand square foot of rollick fun in the heart of northern bernalillo County ! skyler be stone - face . skyler laser tag . saul yeah . there 's gun and glo-lite , and kid wear the vest and runa round in team -- skyler ( interrupt ) yeah , I actually know what it be . it just that ... in relation to Walt , it 's , I mean , it do not make any sense . Walt be a silent , sick observer as this two go at it . saul 's patience rapidly fray as she question he method . try to sound like he 's joke : saul make more sense than you two be together ! I be still try to figure out how that happen ... skyler do you even know Walt ? I mean , how would he , of all people , buy a laser tag business ? it - it do not add up . saul it add up perfectly . Walt 's a scientist . scientist love laser ! skyler stare at he flatly . the wind leave saul 's saul plus , they get bumper boat . so. skyler '' hey everybody , Walt suddenly decide to invest in laser tag ! just out of the blue ! '' really ? that 's what we be suppose to tell people -- we family , we friend ... the government ... 's sail . ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 22 . continued : ( 4 ) saul okay . let I bottom line this for you . you do not need to be involved . okay ? because I have be do this for a lot of year , successfully -- believe it or not , without you help ! ( smile ) so . thank you for stop by . saul be do . skyler stare at he -- they be at stalemate . off Walt , not want to make a move to remind either of they that he 's sit there ... ext . andrea 's home - day establish . a small house somewhere in the barrio . int . andrea 's home - day andrea 's face appear near a lamp in she live room , reach under to feel for the switch . she click off the light , leave only the sun sneaking through the draw curtain . andrea plop on the couch next to ... jesse . and the two start make out . damn , we boy work fast -- he be in ! as jesse start move a little too fast , unbuttone she shirt ... andrea you want a beer or somethin’ ? jesse ( smile ) or somethin’ ? what do you mean ? jesse kiss she neck as she laugh . andrea like beer . I be clean out of anything else . even if I be not , we be not suppose to . jesse yeah . I have hear it ... over and over and over again . y'know , do not you think it 's ridiculous that society say beer be okay , anda little hit of something ... sweet be wrong ? she keep gently kissing he , but he keep sell ... ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 23 . continued : jesse I mean , mhat 's the point of shutting yourself off completely from something that ... lift you off the ground ? I spend so much energy fight the urge not to use , and I feel like crap ' cause of it ... andrea I know . it 's just ... jesse what ? andrea I can not get catch use again . jesse look she in the eye . something painful behind they . for a moment , it seem as if jesse be go to soften ... maybe it 's not easy to do this , like the guy say . then : jesse the thing be ... not to get catch . ( then ) you ever try that blue stuff that 's go around ? just a little gas in the tank and ... suddenly everything be interesting . ( half to himself ) man . I wish I could make that feel last . jesse be smooth in he seduction ... and evil ... as he build up the desire for meth , tempting andrea with each word . andrea like I say . I get nothing here . jesse nod , wait for the right moment to say ... jesse what if I could get some ? andrea seem open to it . yes . what if ? but before jesse can close the deal ... the front door open . a five - year old boy run in , follow by andrea 's grandma ( 5as ) , who carry two bag of grocery . brock mommy ! mommy ! ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 24 . continued : ( 2 ) jesse and andrea quickly compose themselves as the boy , andrea 's son brock , run to she . andrea hey , baby . you nana bring you home early . ( to grandma ) grandma , I think you be keep Brock today ? grandma eye jesse , not too pleased . grandma I be , then I see you car . I think you have a meeting . andrea I do , but we change the time . ( point to jesse ) grandma , this be jesse . he 's from the meeting . he 's like a sponsor . jesse , this be grandma . jesse give a half -heart , uncomfortable nod and wave . grandma set down the grocery and leave , mutter disparage word in Spanish . grandma ( in Spanish ) I be tired ... tired of you all . slam go the door . jesse adjust in he seat to see ... Brock at the edge of the couch , stare at he . andrea ( feel awkward now ) jesse , this be Brock . andrea gather the grocery and carry they into the adjacent kitchen , put they away . Brock , a cute kid , keep stare at jesse . jesse ( to andrea ) so ... you , uh , you have a kid , huh ? she nod . jesse and the boy stare at each other a moment , and a softer side of jesse , the old jesse , seem to come out . jesse ' sup ? Brock , huh . that 's a cool name . here . give it up ... ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 25 . continued : ( 3 ) he hold out he fist to Brock , who take a brief moment ... but then give jesse the '' fist bump '' that he be wait for . this really amuse jesse , who we have not see smile this big in a long time . we can tell the kid like jesse , too . andrea Brock be almost six . you okay ? with kid ? jesse what ? yeah , yeah ... he 's cool . Brock smile . he like be cool . stepping back amongst they , andrea take Brock by the hand and guide he away . andrea okay , Brock be gonna go play in he room while the big people talk . he 's gonna go play with he lego , and he car ... say '' bye , jesse . '' brock bye , jesse . andrea you have a good time at grandma 's ..? oh , I fix you blue car , remember ... the convertible one ? play with you toy ... jesse give the kid a smile and a wave . as jesse be leave alone , he rise , look around . maybe wonder what the hell he 's do here . thought run through he head ... about he own brother ? about the red-haire boy from episode # 206 ? int . skyler be jeep - drive - day skyler be behind the wheel , stewing . she and Walt be come from they disastrous saul powwow . silence , until ... skyler safe and cautious , that 's all I be ask -- and that man be neither . Walt sigh . walt I ' will admit he come across like a circus clown ... but he actually know what he would do . ( add ) and '' safe and cautious '' be you not be involved in this at all . ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 26 . continued : skyler well , it 's a little late on that . this be what happen when you decide to pay we bill with drug money . Walt consider she . screw it -- he make a big confession . walt skyler , this be not just about what happen before . my involvement in this be ... ongoing . ( stress ) understand ? Walt have not say this out loud to skyler before , but make it crystal clear : he be still manufacturing . skyler do not really react . she know already . how could she not ? walt I can not just quit . I have a ... something of a contract . ( off she glance ) it 's all very safe and professional . structure . but I can not simply quit . heavy stuff . what 's Sky gonna say to all of that ? nothing so far . she 's inscrutably silent . at a stop sign , she put on she blinker -- click click . click click . Walt be a little confuse as she make a turn . walt where you go ? but she speed away in silence ... ext . strip mall lot - day - minute later a big , empty parking lot at a old strip mall or somesuch . out of the distance appear the old Jeep , motor toward we . it pull to a stop in f.g. , skyler and Walt stare out they windshield past we . Walt know where he be -- he just do not know why he 's here . we do not see what he and skyler be study . skyler if you be gonna launder money Walt , at least do it right . skyler climb out . after a beat , Walt join she to look at : breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 27 . ext . car wash - day - continuous they be park across from a car wash . but not just any car wash . it 's where Walt work all the way back in the pilot . skyler you work here four year . it 's a business you understand . it 's a story people will believe . not laser tag . this . this be what we buy . Walt look at she ... what we buy ? skyler you . this be what you buy . she correct herself without urging , but still ... skyler be at a level of acceptance Walt would have never dream could happen . off Walt , eyeing this possible business venture , and a uneasy new stage in they relationship ... end act two breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 28 . act three ext . church - day a new day from the end of Act two -- new wardrobe . jesse lean against a wall , have a post-meet cigarette . several other group member mill about , do the same . here come skinny Pete and badger , exite the meeting , badger still munch on a big doughnut . the guy approach , a little wary to see jesse -- do he make he sale ? automatically drop into '' we do not know each other '' mode : badger hey , uh ... ( snap ; '' remember '' ) '' + . jesse , right ? ( present himself ) brandon ... Peter . how go it ? hanging in there ? jesse sigh and shake he head , tiredly exasperate . jesse please , just ..? dumbass . badger sorry , man . just try to keep it on the d.l. skinny pete ( glance around ; hesitant ) so. you and that girl . you do the deed yet ? jesse do what ? skinny pete you know . sell to she ? he say it low . jesse remain cool , shake he head . jesse realize -- they think he do not have the ball to go through with slinging meth to andrea . irritate : jesse what be you two even do here ? -- skinny pete what d'ya mean ? ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 29 . continued : jesse you can not get you nut up to sell , what 's the point of even come ? Pete and badger share another look -- be not it obvious ? skinny pete homie , I be on , like , step five -- this be totally sincere -- skinny 's really try to do the right thing here . jesse stare at he , open-mouthed . then he look to badger -- and you ? badger throw two finger in what look like a gang sign -- but what he 's really say be that he 's at step two . badger deuce , yo . I be catch up . off of jesse 's disbelief , he spy ... andrea , emerge from the church , scan for jesse . he stub out he cig , make a bee-line for she . jesse whatever . later . badger and Pete stare after jesse as he catch up with andrea . the boyz both watch as they slip casually into each other 's arm and head off together . andrea hey ! skinny pete dude need to come into the fold . badger yep . badger and Pete nod , sad for jesse and he evil way . int . taco sal 's - night jesse , andrea and young Brock be seat at a booth in this mom & pop eatery . clearly , jesse 's not follow through on he meth-sell . instead ... the trio be have a nice family - type dinner . jesse hey , you know what ? I have magical power . you wanna see ? ready ? jesse do a small hand trick . ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 30 . continued : brock that 's not real . jesse it be real . alright , D 's you want to see something that 's real ? look at this . watch this . ready ? jesse crunch down the paper wrapping off a straw into a small wad . jesse make sure Brock be watch , and he be . he 's fascinate with jesse . andrea watch he too , a little wistful ... maybe wonder if this be the guy who might be around for she son ... but it 's way too early to tell . jesse load the straw with some water out of a cup ( capping he thumb over one side to trap the water in ) . he drip some drop onto the paper wad , and ... the paper slowly expand like a worm . Brock smile . jesse you like that ? that 's science and stuff , make it do that . brock do it again . jesse smile , want to please , but andrea chime in . andrea let jesse eat he dinner , Brock . jesse it 's okay ... it 's okay . wanna see it again ? andrea smile at jesse , have to be the mom . brock can you do a trick with firecracker ? jesse firecracker ? um , you know , I have any firecracker on I . who do a trick with firecracker ? brock tomas . hear this name , andrea grow a bit uncomfortable . ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 31 . continued : ( 2 ) jesse tomas do trick with firecracker , huh . who 's tomas ? andrea try not to make a big deal out of it . andrea he 's my kid brother ... jesse yeah ? andrea ( lower ) and ... we do not talk about he . andrea return to she meal . jesse do not press she -- it 's she business , after all . but he can not help but be curious . andrea come on ... eat you food , Brock . jesse can I have you chip ? I be gonna steal you chip . brock hey , that 's mine ! as this pleasant dinner continue ... ext . car wash - day close on a '' lawyrup '' license plate . we rise up off it ( it 's the rear plate , of course -- no front plate in the land of enchantment ) until we be look through the rear window of a park cadillac . the back of two man 's head be visible within . the man stare out at the familiar car wash in b.g . saul that 's it ? that 's what you wanna buy ? new angle -- the caddy be saul 's , of course . and here he be behind the wheel , Walt seat beside he . the wary look in he eye tell we saul be not loving the idea . for he part , Walt probably be not do the world 's great job sell it -- this be skyler 's plan , after all . however , be a good devil 's advocate , Walt shrug . ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 32 . continued : walt people will believe it , at least . I work here four year . saul frown , raise a eyebrow . sound sad . saul '' Wax - on , wax - off '' -- be that you ? ( then ) hey , how come you guy always give with the air freshener ? I explicitly say I want no air freshener and every time I drive away smell like a Alpine whorehouse . Walt 's not listen . his attention be elsewhere . Walt 's Pov -- a bushy - eyebrow man stand in the wipe- down area , berate a employee ( we can not hear what he 's say ) . fan will recognize he as bogdan , Walt 's former boss . Walt 's attitude here be hard to gauge . sure he despise this man and this place ... but be there a certain nostalgia in he eye , a yearn for simpler time ? saul all due respect , I do not see it . so , I vote , I vote no . walt it make a better story than you laser tag ... saul be that you talk ... or Yoko Ono ? walt ( stifles he annoyance ) she have a point . it make more sense that I invest right here . saul base on she year of experience in money launder , I suppose . ( before Walt can argue ) lemme tell you something -- if you be commit enough , you can make any story work . I once convinced a woman that I be Kevin costner , and it work because I believe it . alright ? it have nothing to do with the story ! ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 33 . continued : ( 2 ) frustrate , saul point out the window at the car wash . saul besides , this dump be not gonna work because it do not have a Danny . okay ? there 's no Danny here ! walt what in god 's name be a Danny ? saul Danny run the laser tag . Danny be the guy who have a vision . where other see a dirt lot , he see black light , rubber alien , teenager run around with ray gun , right ? he be like bugsy Siegel in the desert . and when the stock market take a shit and Danny get in trouble , he go search for exactly the type of situation that we be offer . okay , Danny will look the other way to keep he dream afloat . in other word , Danny can be trust . completely . ( point to bogdan ) that guy ? the guy with the , uh , the eyebrow - that - will nort - quit ? be he a Danny ? Walt look to bogdan again . the answer be clearly no . saul you buy this place , all you get be a big building that squirt water . you get no Danny here . as Walt absorb this , and saul start the engine ... int . andrea 's bedroom - day - later close on a cigarette get stubbed out in a ashtray . it 's andrea , reach across jesse to get to the end table . it 's afterwards . she and jesse be naked in bed ( of course , this will be handle discreetly ) , as she lay she head down on he chest . jesse smoke he own cigarette , propped up by a few pillow . quiet . maybe even wistful . be he think of Jane ? after a beat : andrea you wanna stay for dinner ? ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 34 . continued : jesse yeah . thanks . ( then ) what time be it ? andrea ( squint at clock ) early still . both be quiet again . andrea look up at jesse . she seem wistful , too . pine not for someone ... for something . andrea so ... jesse misread she -- smile . jesse what ? andrea think ... maybe if you be holdin’ ... we can do somethin’ . jesse .~.. what ? andrea ( sheepish ) you know . that blue stuff you be talk about . maybe you have a line on some ? jesse sit up , practically knock she off he body a little . he mash he cigarette in the ashtray , incense . jesse wait , whoa ... what ? you say the kid be come home ... andrea yeah , in a few hour . jesse and you seriously wanna get high ?! andrea ( take aback ; a beat ) I do not know what you be get so piss about . you be the one who bring it up the other day ... ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 35 . continued : ( 2 ) jesse yeah . that be before I find out you get a kid . what kind of mother be you ? that really hit andrea hard . andrea what ? jesse you hear I . what kinda mom get waste with a little kid to take care of ? she rise , not caring she 's naked ( discreet glimpsis only ) . andrea nobody can say I do not take care of my son . jesse feel a touch of regret . but she 's on a tear now . andrea you gonna come in my house and judge I ? like you get no responsibility , so it 's okay for you to get high ? jesse look , I ... andrea what do you know about I ? I take care of my baby . I x11 do anything for he . the day Brock be bear , I swore ... andrea trail off abruptly , feel like she 's share too much -- and with a guy she 's suddenly none too sure about . glancing at he , she quietly -- and a bit self - consciously -- complete the think . andrea I will not let what happen to tomas happen to my son . I x11 die first . she 's near tear now . jesse feel bad for provoking this . jesse sorry . i- I just ... ( half -heartedly ) look , I x11 - I '11 get outta here if you want . ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 36 . continued : ( 3 ) andrea grab another cigarette and light up . andrea that 's what you wanna do , then go . there 's a awkward beat -- neither one of they want to be alone , but they be too proud to admit it . until ... jesse it 's not what I want . ( then ) look ... I be outta line ... talkin’ about that stuff . andrea ( consider ; very quiet ) we both be . jesse settles back . he 's go to stay . andrea be quietly relieved that he be . jesse you be right . I do not know what you have be through ... ( then ) you can tell I if you want . andrea consider , take a drag . then : andrea this whole neighborhood 's run by gang . they run the drug , control the street . they sorta take tomas in . no dad around ... ( ouch ) eight year old , they tomas slinging . part of some crew . then ... when he be ten , for some initiation or somethin’ ... ( glance briefly at he ) they make he kill somebody . jesse be silent . it 's so horrible , there 's nothing to say . andrea I hear the rumor . do not believe it at first . but then I see he like a week later . and he tell I , yeah , he do it . they give tomas a gun . gave he a choice . him or some dude . so he do it . told I all about it like it be nothing . ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 37 . continued : ( 4 ) jesse who would he say he kill ? andrea some dealer . from some outside crew . right around the corner from here , over off of Central . just ride up on he bike and shot he . jesse blink . it 's a horrible story , but now ... something in it pique he interest . hiding it , he voice even : jesse off of Central . like , over by the train track ..? ( she shrug , nod ; maybe ) when be this ? andrea few month back . jesse let it sink in . uneasy . jesse what else do he tell you ? andrea he shot the guy right through the neck . shot he dead . just ' cause he be work the wrong corner . andrea tell it matter - of -factly . it 's heartbreaking , but she 's be over it so many time in she head , it 's numb to she now . jesse , however , be focus on something else . a dealer shot in the neck a few month ago . jesse put this piece together -- be it andrea 's brother who kill we combo ?! ( ep. # 211 ) andrea it will not happen again . not to my son . jesse hardly hear she now , he mind reeling with question . be it possible he 's find combo 's killer ? and if so ... what be he go to do about it ? end act three breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 38 . act four int . hospital - hank 's room - day jell -o quiver on a hospital tray . untouch . who can resist jell -o ? we arm around to reveal ... hank . he stare down at the jell -o like it 's a lump of dog shit . obviously , this mean more to he than a mere snack . jell - of be what sick people eat . Marie enter the room like a purple ray of sunshine . try to momentarily contain good tiding ... marie guess what ? she stand beam down at he expectantly . after a beat , he speak up , deadpan and sour . hank people who say '' guess what , '' and then actually expect you to guess ? I hate that people . she cock she head , not about to let he rain on she parade . marie well , I just hear about a certain patient ... name schrader - comma - — hank ... ( enjoy this ) «+ . who be go to be release at the end of this week ! she 's tickle beyond belief ... until she see the stolid look in hank 's eye . chide he gently : marie be not that fantastic ? he let out a derisive snort -- not so much , no . hank they plan on roll I out the front door , at least ? or put I on a grease plank and , uh , slide I out the window ? marie hey ... ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 39 . continued : hank ( off she confusion ) I do not care what any damned insurance company think -- I be not leave here till I be well . marie hank , this be not about the insurance . I have talk to everybody -- and they all say that you be healthy enough to go home . hank ( bitter sarcasm ) oh , I be '' healthy enough , '' huh ? yeah . .? marie hank . you get stronger every day . you do not need to be in a hospital . hank in this condition , yeah . I do . mama Marie shake she head -- uh-uh . reassuring he : marie you will be just as comfortable at home as you be here . you ’1ll have all the same equipment . wrong thing to say . his eye light up . hank '' all the same equipment ? '' what the hell do that mean ? marie the ... equipment . that you have here , that you need . short -term . you will do you p.t. at home , and it will be great . because you 'il be home . hank listen , shaking he head , he frustration building . Marie , wonderfully supportive as she be , be unfortunately only digging this hole deeper , despite she best effort . marie wait till you see the bedroom . I have ‘em move the plasma in . I know that 's how you always want it -- you only have to get shot to get it , right ? I get you a new bed ... ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 40 . continued : ( 2 ) hank a hospital bed . marie well ... hank you put a hospital bed in my bedroom . marie ( hearing he anger ) hank ... you will be home . hank can not hold it any longer . it 's a complete affront to he manhood . he have bellow if he could , but it would hurt too much and he do not have the strength , besides . so , although he voice be not particularly loud , it overflow with rage . hank you get that out of my house . you hear I , Marie ? today . Marie look at he , mystify , troubled and hurt . why would he not want to be back at home ? marie hank -- hank I leave this hospital -- when I walk outta here . you understand ?! and not before . he turn he face away from she , too angry to even look at she now . off Marie , not sure how to handle this ... int . white house - live room - night Walt and skyler sit in the live room , they body language indicate Walt be still more of a tolerate guest than a partner . mid-private - chat : skyler wh-what 's a '' Danny ? '' Walt do he best to explain -- sotto so Walt , Jr. ( who be presumably home ) do not hear . ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 41 . continued : walt Danny 's a accomplice . someone who 's in on the scheme , who know about the launder . who 's pay to look the other way . skyler consider , nod . make sense . Walt press on . walt and , while I agree with you that laser tag be a hard sell , without a Danny , the car wash be not really a option . skyler and he can not get you another Danny to run the car wash . walt ( shrug ; no ) easier say than do . if we be look for someone trustworthy ..? they sit here a beat . it 's settle . laser tag , it be . but for skyler ... no , it 's not . this be the last thing she want to offer , but for the sake of keep they safe : skyler what about I ? Walt be not sure he hear she right . walt what about you ? skyler me. I x11 be the Danny . Walt , appropriately , freak . walt no , no , no . skyler ! that be not a good idea -- skyler I be perfectly capable of manage a small business -- walt a legal business ! not this ! skyler who else would we trust ? ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 42 . continued : ( 2 ) walt no . skyler Walt , I be in this , and if I be in it , I be gonna do it right . walt you be not in this ! you be not ... in this ! skyler we be marry . how be I not in this ? walt we be not marry , skyler , we be divorced ! ( then ; peer at she ) right ..? skyler ( a bit sheepish now ) I never actually get around to filing the papers . Walt be stunne . and god know , skyler be not sit here say she want to be marry to Walt -- not at all . truly , she 's get something else on she mind . something imminently practical . quietly , gravely : skyler married couple can not be compel to testify against one another . so there 's that . off Walt , head spin , see skyler in a new light ... int . superlab - day another day 's cooking . Walt and jesse quietly go about they business , jesse prepping one of the large stainless tank for venting , Walt testing ph level on some vial . both be deep in think , much on they mind , but jesse be particularly lose with all that he 's hear . as jesse work a lever ( or whatever be at hand , and make sense ) , Walt slip he mask on , know noxious fume be about to be vent . he notice jesse do not do the same . walt jesse ... jesse . ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 43 . continued : jesse stop , look to he . what ? walt you respirator . jesse realize he mistake . a dangerous mistake . but with he head mire in think , jesse do not stop to thank Walt or react to the error . he just nod . jesse right . Walt eye he partner -- you okay ? before he can probe jesse further ... ring . a loud industrial phone bell go off . Walt and jesse share a look -- never hear that before . ring ... ring . they slip off they mask , look around . focus on the wall - mount phone . ring . Walt be particularly nervous , already paranoid about be listen to -- who could be call ?? his nervousness be infectious -- jesse , too , look a bit freak . ring . they share another look -- guess we should answer it . Walt finally do . walt s+. yes ? we do not hear who he 's talk to ... but from he attitude it must be someone important . jesse grow more curious . walt uh ... yes . okay ... okay . I x11 be there . finally , Walt hang up . ponder this call . jesse what be that ? walt a invitation . invitation to what ? off this mystery , we CUT to : ext . suburban house - night a door . a flat composition , recalling the Georgia o' keeffe painting that start the episode . then ... walt step into the shot , he back to we . wide . we see Walt in front of a neatly keep home in a nice upper-middle - class suburban neighborhood . ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 44 , continued : his aztek park out front . we realize this be the site of the mysterious invitation ... but whose house be it ? Walt know -- and seem quite wary . he step to the door and knock -knock ... Walt wait . we hear approach footstep ... the door unlocks . it swing open to reveal ... gus fring . restaurateur . meth kingpin . the man Walt now know be behind the shoot of hank . Gus smile , wiping he hand on a dish towel as he greet Walt , look every bit the kindly homeowner . gus ah , walter . you be right on time . please ... come in . Walt give a polite yet hesitant nod as he step into ... int . suburban house - live room - continuous Walt glance around as he step through the door -- it look normal enough . no armed thug , no scarface - type decoration . it look like ... a home . Gus shut the door and face Walt . Walt do not know what he 's in for -- do Gus find out about jesse steal ? will he be take to task ? be this the end of walter White ? then ... gus I hope you like paila marina ... Gus walk off . Walt stand a freeze beat . as he follow ... gus it 's a fancy name for fish stew . it sound like a cliche , but indeed , it 's just like my mother use to make . move with subtle caution , Walt follow after he host , take in the sight of Gus 's inner sanctum . look around , it 's ... tasteful , modest ... god , it 's ... normal . shockingly normal . cozy even . as Walt move , he see ... on the floor of the live room , there 's one or two child 's toy ( generic -- like a plastic riding toy or doll , whatever we can get ) . some of the cabinet and shelf may have family photo , but we never want to get close enough to see any detail of face ( in case we want to cast this role in later episode ) . ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 45 . continued : there 's no sign of any other family member here currently , but the home certainly feel live in . can we be sure this home be actually Gus 's ... who know ? gus come on . you can help I cook . Walt continue through the place , into ... int . suburban house - kitchen - night - continuous Gus wash vegetable at the sink as Walt enter this well - appoint kitchen . High - end pot and pan -- someone who love to cook life here . dinner be halfway prepare . gus this be a chilean dish that I love , but ... I never get to make it . kid will not eat it . but , uh ... you know how that be . expecting trouble around every corner , Walt be surprised he 's not find any . nodding distractedly ... walt sure . Gus leave the sink and reach for a large and very sharp chef' knife . gus do you mind ...? he surprise Walt by handing he the blade , handle - first . gus wwould you slice the garlic ? very thin . Walt examine the blade in he hand . he can see himself reflect in the shiny stainless . Walt look up from the knife , consider Gus ... who have turn he back to attend to some shallot fry on the stove . it would be so easy for Walt to plunge this knife into Gus . be this a test ? Gus give he the opportunity for vengeance to see what he will do ? or be this some twisted show of trust ? Walt have to know -- and ask a simple question . carefully keep he voice even , not sounding too suspicious : walt why do you invite I here ? ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 46 . continued : Gus get that Walt be wary . no sense pretend he do not . do he best to put he at ease , he give Walt a faint -- yet somewhat warm -- smile . gus we be work together ... why not break bread together ? Walt consider . nods. sound ... legit . Gus , still smile : gus now ... the garlic ? Walt again glance at the knife in he hand and the garlic before he . off he slice it thin , just as he be tell : int . suburban house - dine room - night a hour later . over they jointly prepare meal ( which look quite good , Gus be no slouch in the kitchen ! ) , Walt be still on - guard , but less so . he know Gus be a master chess player . but be there a move here ? and what be it ? while they eat ... gus it always amaze I ... the way the sense work in connection to memory . ( be : he plate ) this stew be simply a amalgam of ingredient . taken separately , this ingredient alone do not remind I of anything . not very much at all . but in this precise combination ? the smell of this meal ..? instantly , it bring I back to my childhood . how be that possible ? walt ( almost sheepish ) basically it all take place in the hippocampus . neural connection be form . the sense make the neuron express signal that go right back to the same part of the brain as before . where memory be store . it 's , um , something call relational memory ... ( then ) do not quote I on that . I - I be rusty on my biology . ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 47 . continued : Gus be pleased to finally have Walt part of the conversation . gus that 's very interesting . he probably really mean this . Walt nod ... but he still can not be comfortable . what the fuck be this meal about ?! sense he discomfort ... gus walter . I would like to help you , if I could . walt help I how ? gus well , when I first start out , I make a lot of mistake . more than I care to admit . I wish I have have someone to advise I . because this life of ours ... it can overwhelm . ( a beat ) you be a wealthy man now . and one must learn to be rich . ( smile faintly ) to be poor ? anyone can manage . Gus sip he wine . Walt study he . walt what advice do you have for I ? Gus consider . then , nodd to himself , satisfied that he 's come up with a good one , he declare : gus never make the same mistake twice . Said simply ... deliver in a totally casual , friendly manner ... and yet what do it mean ? Walt nod . Fair enough . but he can not shake the idea that there 's something more to this . that maybe it 's a warning . off Walt and Gus , eat ... ext . urban STREET - day we do not know where we be at first . just some shitty , lesser - travel part of abq . no place familiar , far as we can see . into this frame drive ... ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 48 . continued : ... jesse 's tercel , slow to a stop before we . parking . jesse look out past we through he windshield . he climb out , take he time , surveying the area . then , he casually make he way across the street . at which point we reverse , revealing ( at least for that viewer with a good memory for such thing ) the streetcorner on which poor combo be murder . and there , in the distance , a young Hispanic kid hang out , tooling around in slow , aimless circle on he bmx bike . jesse walk toward he , not too fast , hand in he pocket . we may recognize this kid from ep. # 211 as combom killer . a touch older , a little harder ... this be tomas , andrea 's little brother . jesse hey . the kid eye he , put on he best gangsta air . tomas wassup ? jesse you , uh , you tomas ? ( off he non - answer ) I hear you be the man . tomas yeah ? what you want ? jesse , play a part , shoot a quick , nervous glance around the neighborhood , keep he eye peel for cop . jesse um , crystal . you think you could hook I up ? tomas look he over . finally : tomas Three hundred . jesse for a teenth ? shit , c’mon , yo . tomas Three hundred . jesse look around . ahh , fuck it . he expose a wad of bill from he pocket -- tomas slow he with a hand . ( continued ) breaking bad # 311 " abiquiu " as broadcast 49 . continued : ( 2 ) put that away , man ! jesse be clearly play this as if he be a naive white guy buy drug in the barrio . tomas now nods to a distant , familiar car park around a corner . which nose into view . it slowly motor we way . it pull up alongside jesse , who do he best to look nervous ( alright , maybe it 's not all a act ) . Inside the old muscle car be two familiar bullethead -- the dealer who order tomas to kill combo . jesse hey , ' sup . one of the bullethead shut he down with a look . then the thug give a quick '' hand it over '' flick - flick of he finger . jesse nod , count out two hundred and hand it over . the guy take it , count , glance to tomas ... and then the two bullethead drive off . they round right back to they opposite corner , the one they be park on originally . jesse blink -- where 's my dope , yo ?! jesse hey ! yo! jesse glance back at tomas behind he ... who unceremoniously shove a teenth baggie in jesse 's hand . this be the set -up , apparently : the two bullethead hold the money while the underage kid hold the meth . if he get bust , he 's only a minor , while the two hardass creep in the car likely skate . his purchase grip in hand , jesse hesitates , stare down at young tomas . the kid frown up at he . tomas bounce . jesse do as he 's tell -- for the moment . he turn and walk back toward he park tercel . we pull jesse along , let tomas recede deeper and deeper into b.g . as we stay here on jesse , steadicamm he along ... ... his expression darken . to a cold place we have never quite see before . as we desperately wonder what we jesse be think ... and plan ... the end