breaking bad by Vince gilligan 5/27/05 amc . Sony picture Television script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library teaser ext . cow pasture - day deep biue sky overhead . fat , scuddy cloud . below they , black and white cow graze the roll hill . this could be one of that California '' it 's the cheese '' commercial . except that commercial do not normally focus on cow shit . we do . tilt down to a fat , round patty drying olive drab in the sun . fly buzz . peaceful and quiet . until ... ++» zooom ! wheel plow right through the shit with a splat . new angle - a rv be speed smack - dab through the pasture , no road in sight . a bit out of place , to say the least . it 's a old 70' era winnebago with chalky white paint and bondo spot . a bumper sticker for the good Sam Club be stick to the back . the winnebago galumph across the landscape , scatter cow . it catch a wheel and spray a rooster tail of red dirt . int . winnebago - day Inside , the driver 's knuckle cling white to the wheel . he 's get the pedal flat . scare , breathe fast . his eye bug wide behind the faceplate of he gas mask . oh , by the way , he 's wear a gas mask . that , and white jockey underpant . nothing else . buckle in the seat beside he loll a clothed passenger , also wear a gas mask . blood streak down from he ear , blotting he T-shirt . he 's pass out cold . behind they , the interior be a wreck . beaker and bucket and flask -- some kind of ad-hoc chemical lab -- spill they noxious content with every bump we hit . yellow - brown liquid wash up and down the floor . it foam in a scum around ... ++. two dead body . two freshly decease mexican guy tumble like rag doll , bump into each other . complete this picture be the blizzard of money . a von 's bag lie leak twenty . Fifteen , twenty grand in cash waft around in the air or float in the nasty brown soup . close on the driver 's eye . he 's panting like a steam engine . his mask fog up until finally he can not see . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library ext . cow pasture - continuous the winnebago come roaring over a berm and down into a deep gully . too deep . bam ! the front bumper bottom out , bury itself . waaaaaah ! the rear wheel spin air . the engine cut off . silence again . the winnie 's door kick open and out stumble underpant man . he yank off he gas mask , let it drop . he 's forty year old . receding hairline . a bit pasty . he 's not a guy who make a live work with he hand . he 's not a guy we have pay attention to if we pass he on the street . but right now , at this moment , in this pasture ? right now , we have step the fuck out of he way . underpant man look at the rv . end of the line for that . he listen hard . out of the silence , we hear ... siren . they be faint , a few mile off -- but grow louder . we guy know he 's bone with a capital B. he hold he breath and leap back inside the rv . int . winnebago - continuous a chrome 9 mm be clutch in the hand of one of the dead mexican . underpant grab it , tuck it in he waistband . his unconscious passenger , still strapped in he seat , let out a groan . underpant lean past he , yank open the glove box . he come up with a wallet and a tiny Sony camcorder . ext . cow pasture - continuous ducking outside , he start breathe again . a short sleeve dress shirt on a hanger dangle from the winnebago 's awning . underpant pull it on . he find a clip - on tie in the pocket , snap it to he collar . no trousers , unfortunately . he lick he finger , slick he hair down with he hand . he 's look almost pull together now -- at least from the waist -up . all the while , the siren be get louder . underpant figure out how to turn on the camcorder . he twist the little screen around so he can see himself in it . framing himself waist - up , he take a moment to gather he thought ... then press record . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library underpant man my name be walter hartwell White . I live at 308 belmont Avenue , Ontario , California 91764 . I be of sound mind . to all law enforcement entity , this be not a admission of guilt . I be speak now to my family . ( swallow hard ) : skyler ... you be ... the love of my life . I hope you know that . walter junior . you be my big man . I should have tell you thing , both of you . I should have say thing . but I love you both so much . and eur unborn child . and I just want you to know that this ... thing you nre go to learn about I in the come day . this thing . I just want you to know that ... no matter what it may look like ... I have all three of you in my heart . the siren be wailing now , on top of we . walter white , the underpant man , turn off the camcorder . he carefully set it on a bare patch of ground by he foot . next to it he set he wallet , lie open where it can be see . close on the wallet -- a photo id card be visible . Walt 's smile face be on it . it identify he as a teacher at j.p. wynne High School , Ontario unified School District . Walt pull the chrome pistol from the back of he waistband , aim it across the tall weed . it glint hard in the sun . flash red light bar speed into view , skim the top of the weed . head straight for we . Walt stand tall in he underpant , not flinching . off he , ready to shoot the first cop he see ... end teaser script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library act one ext . white house ~- night no president ever sleep here . no millionaire ever visit . this be a three - bedroom rancher in a modest neighborhood . weekend trip to Home Depot keep it look tidy , but it all never make the cover of '' Architectural digest . '' we're in Ontario , California -- the inland Empire . legend : '' one month earlier . '' int . white house - master bedroom - night Dark and silent . skyler white , late 30 , sleep peacefully . beside she , she husband walter be wide awake . Walt reach over and press a button on he sharper image alarm clock . it project the time in glow blue number on the cottage cheese ceiling : 5:02 am . Walt lie motionless . Brain churn . he press the button again , stare straight up . 5:02 turn to 5:03 . Close enough . Walt rise without waking he wife . he exit . int . white house - spare bedroom - night we hear a 0o .s. squeak -squeak as we drift through this room . we pass a empty crib , pamper , a baby monitor still in its box . there 's go to be a new addition to the family . we come upon the source of the squeaking . it 's Walt balanced on a lillian Vernon stair-stepper , just three easy payment of $ 29.95 . Walt plod up and down in the darkness like he 's march to Bataan . int . white house - bathroom - night Walt sit down on the edge of the tub . we be watch he face in the bathroom mirror . he masturbate . judge by he expression , he might as well be wait in line at the dmv . Walt double - take , catch sight of himself . distract , he examine the sallow bagginess under he eye . he draw at the loose skin under he chin . stare at himself long and hard , Walt lose he erection . he give up try , pull up he sweat pants . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library int . white house - kitchen ~ morning Walt be dress for work ~~ docker and a short - sleeve dress shirt courtesy of target . a american flag pin on he tie . he and skyler eat they breakfast in silence . skyler glance up , see Walt puzzle over he bacon . skyler sizzle - lean . we need to think about we cholesterol . walt huh . skyler 's cute in a way most guy would not have notice back in high school . but not soft-cute . not in the eye . she 's dress for stay home -- she 's five month pregnant and just beginning to show . skyler whe n x11 you be home ? walt same time . skyler I do not want he dick you around tonight . you get pay till six , you work till six . not seven . seventeen year - old walter , jr. enter the kitchen , dress for school , hair still damp from the shower . the click ... click of he forearm crutch precede he into the room . Walt and skyler 's son be a sweet - face teenager who appear to have cerebral palsy . he move slowly and awkwardly , and grind he tooth as he labor to talk . but he 's a smart kid . walt hey . just seating himself at the table be a trial for walter , Jr. his parent do not give he the slight help . they treat he as if he be able-body , which be how he want it . skyler you be late . he shrug . she get up , serve he breakfast . walter , Jr. squint at the plate she plop down before he . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library walter , JR . what 's — -- that ? skyler sizzle-lean . we nre watch we cholesterol . walter , JR . not --me ! I want -~bacon ! skyler eat it . walter , Jr. pick at he breakfast , annoyed . walter , JR . what 's this -- even -- make of ?! he look to he dad for backup . Walt shrug , ambivalent . walt eat it . ext . high school - morning j.p. wynne High School . Home of the fightin’ skyhawks . two thousand - plus student , many of they in overflow trailer . into the faculty lot motor a 1991 Nissan wagon . it be a piece of shit when it roll off the assembly line , and have not improve with age . it park in a handicapped space . a handicapped placard hang from the rear-view . Walt climb out from behind the wheel , check he watch . he 's late . walter , Jr. struggle to get out of the passenger side . he fumble with he crutch and he backpack . walt all set ? ( off he son 's nod ) alright , see you at home . Walt grab he briefcase and hurry toward the building , leave he son to work it out for himself -- which be , again , exactly how walter , Jr. want it . int . high school - classroom — day hour later . this be a chemistry classroom -- black - top lab table with gas spigot . Walt be lecture to senior . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library walt chemistry be the study of what ? student ( a beat ) chemical . snicker from the smart kid . Walt smile . walt chemical . no. Change . chemistry be the study of change . ( a beat ) think about it . electron change they orbit , molecule change they bond . element combine and change into compound . that 's all of life , right ? the constant ... ( shrug ) the cycle . solution , dissolution , over and over . Walt seem to be talk mostly to himself . a pep talk . walt growth , decay . transformation . it 's fascinating , really . handsome , blonde chad sit slouched in the back with he hand jamme in the lap of he cheerleader girlfriend . he whisper to she and she giggle . Walt snap out of it . walt Chad , keep you hand to yourself please . be there something wrong with you own table ? Chad sigh heavily and drag he stool back to a adjoin table . do so , he make as much noise as he can . walt alright , ionic bond . chapter six . int . high school - faculty workroom - day , last period . Wide on Walt in the background , who sit alone in this desert room . head down , he grade test while he eat a sandwich from home . it 's a lonesome tableau . a physics teacher , margaret , enter . she 's 30 , redhead , attractive without be pretty . sexy , more like . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library margaret heya , Walt . walt hey , Margaret . Margaret feed the soda machine a dollar . Walt stare at she back a little too long . we feel he interest . Margaret get she diet Coke and turn he way . Walt lower he eye . Margaret join he at the table , check she watch . walt happy birthday . margaret ( surprised ) how would you know ? Walt shrug . smile . Margaret do , too . margaret thanks . she fumble in she purse , come up with a cigarette and lighter . she notice Walt 's surprised glance . margaret be a champ , wouldja ? do not narc . walt ( amused by the word ) my lip be seal . Margaret light up and suck deep . ohhh yeah . she blow smoke toward the ceiling , give it a wave with Walt 's papers . margaret Walt , you be my hero . Walt glance up at she once more . she catch he do it , smile back and hold he look . he drop he eye first . walt that thing will kill you , you know . Margaret shrug , exhales . margaret something always do . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library ext . velvet -touch car wash - afternoon this be one of that 60 googie-style structure -- fade space - age futuristic . Young mexican dry the car by hand . int . velvet -touch - office - afternoon Walt 's afternoon part-time job . he work the cash register . walt -- eight , nine , ten , and ten make twenty . thank you . come again . the customer wander off , re-count he change . Walt close he drawer and busy himself with record keep . amir , the middle - age Persian owner , argue on the phone . amir no. not -- that be not what I say . what I say to you -- amir switch to farsi . the conversation grow more heat . finally , he bark something and hang up . he turn to Walt . amir my sister 's worthless son -- piece of shit ! shit ! fire for good this time ! ( sigh ; shrug ) I x11 run the register . walt amir , no . we talk about this . Inside only . and only till six . amir I be short -hande , walter . what be I to do ? what be I to do ? piss , Walt unclip he tie , shove it in he breast pocket . ext . velvet -touch car wash — afternoon the sun 's sink low . Walt -- master 's degree , inland Empire Science educator of the Year for ' 92 , ' 95 , and ' 01 -- be towel - drying car alongside the teenage vato . his slack and shoe be spot with soapy water . he 's grim . Walt be at work on a anthracite BMW 3 - Series . as he hunker down to armor - all the tire , we hear : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 10 . chad ( 0.s. ) hey , you miss a spot . Walt look up to see handsome chad smirk down at he . Young master Chad be tickle pink . this be he beemer , by the way . Chad 's girlfriend stand in b.g. , giggle into she cell phone . whisper just loud enough to be hear . girlfriend {into phone ) ohmigod . oh -- my -- God . you be not go to believe ... she cup a hand over she mouth , turn away . Walt say nothing . he need this job . off he , scrubbing harder ... int . nissan sentra - drive - evening the speedometer vibrate at 86 . Walt be alone in the car , speed home . tire and dirty . he 's swallow a lot of anger today . it 's way down deep , but it glow inside he . the needle creep up to 91 . thing rattle and shake . Walt 's eye fix on something ahead . Walt 's Pov -- through the windshield , it 's a straight shot down the freeway . a mile ahead of we be a triple overpass . it 's a graceful , swoop thing make of ribbon of white concrete . it rise up out of the flatland as we approach , dwarf everything for mile around . Walt study it . he let off the gas a little . Cars crawl the overpass , over and under each other . Endless string of white headlight , red taillight . this giant structure route they in every direction a person can travel . something about it distract walt. occupies he . Walt coast underneath it all , stare up at it through he sunroof . once he 's past it , he speed up again . he eye it in he rearview mirror , then leave it behind . ext . white house - evening Walt 's sentra chug into the driveway , parking behind a shiny new volvo suv . stare at the volvo , Walt be not happy . walt oh , shit . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 11 . the front door of Walt 's house open . out step a big , barrel - chest man with a bourbon in one hand . this be hank , Walt 's brother - in - law . hank raise he glass hello . he tap he watch and shake he head -- you be late . ext . applebee 's - night deep suburbia . the shiny volvo suv be park in foreground . int . applebee 's - night family night in this chain restaurant . Walt , skyler and walter , Jr. sit in a corner booth with hank and he wife marie . Marie be skyler 's sister . we see the resemblance . hank amir , this guy 's name be ? jesus. call homeland Security . marie hank ... hank I be serious . call the FBI , see if he 's legal . might not be . ship he ass back to camel - land . hank shoot a win grin at he nephew . walter , Jr. snort with delight as he chew a mouthful of hamburger . skyler ( flat ) I do not know , hank . do they actually have camel in Iran ? marie no. horse . Arabian stallion . hank Arabian what ? Jesus . camel , horse -- a towel -head be a towel -head . you be miss my ... ( interrupt himself ) ... and they be not Arabian anyway , they be Persian . but you be miss my point here . this guy be treat you husband like uh , you know . door mat . here Walt be , get a brain the size of Wisconsin and he 's shampooing dry cum outta some teenager 's back seat ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 12 . walt & skyler hank -- hank ( to walter , Jr. ) sorry . you do not hear that . ( to Walt ) you say the word , I will go talk to this guy . in 1l set he straight . Walt give a pain little smile , shake he head . hank you sure ? happy to do it . walt no . thank you . let 's , please , let 's change the subject . hank shrug and drain he beer . he wink at walter , Jr. , who grin . the teenager worship he fire- pisser uncle . Walt can not help but notice . hank be everything Walt be not : bold , brash , confident . skyler sip she white wine . Marie stare at she . marie you be sure it 's okay to drink . skyler after the first trimester , yes . it be even in '' Newsweek . '' marie well , I do not see that . Marie disapprove . prickly . hank 's eye be on the bar tv. hank oh , hey ! turn it up ! hank whistle . the college - age bartender glance at he , confuse , hank hustle over and key up the volume on the nearest tv set . they be all wire together . everybody in the restaurant , like it or not , have to listen to ... »+ . the local news . hank , the man himself , be be interview on television . he 's polished and official . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 13 . hank ( on tv ) -- at which point we apprehend three individual and place they in custody . I be proud to say that the outstanding professionalism show by my fellow agent of the San bernardino District Office result in a substantial quantity of methamphetamine be take off the street . a on-screen graphic identify he as '' agent henry weld , d.e.a . '' the real - live hank give a smile and a nod , not just to he family , but to everyone in the place . such be the force of he will that stranger applaud he . walter , Jr. hold up a hand , which hank high - fives . walter , JR . damn . tv do - ~add ten pound . hank ah hah -hah . sit and spin . hank rub the corner of he mouth with he middle finger , flipping off walter , Jr. they be like two teenager . Walt eat french fries and try he best to tune everyone out . something on tv catch he eye . it 's the spoil of this drug bust . laid out on a table be bag and bag of crystal meth and several gun . but also ... eight big shobboxe full of cash . Walt chew he food , watch . despite himself ... walt hank ? how much money be that ? hank almost seven hundred thousand . pretty good haul . the tv linger on fat roll of $ 20 rubber - band together . it 's more currency than Walt have ever see outside of a heist movie . he 's surprised . walt that 's get to be unusual , right ? that kind of cash ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 14 . hank mmm . not the most we ever take . ( to the room ) there 's no deficit of total moron in the drug trade . and they can make a ton of money , too . at least until we catch ‘em . but we catch ‘em eventually . hank flash he great smile around the room . he note Walt 's continue interest in the news report . like it . hank Walt , just say the word and 1'11 take you on a ride - along . you can watch we knock down a meth lab . ( good -nature ) ' less that 's too much excitement for you . Walt force a pain grin and shrug -- maybe someday . ext . white house - night the light be off . it 's late . int . white house - master bedroom / bathroom - night Walt , dress for bed in sweat and a t-shirt , check himself out in the bathroom mirror . he 's not loving what he see . he pulis at the skin under he eye . he cough a little . in the bedroom , skyler 's in she nightgown , sit at the computer . she 's follow the final moment of a auction on ebay . Walt pad into the room , sit down beside she . walt which one 's this ? skyler ( eye on the screen ) that faux - lalique vase I pick up at the flea market . walt how 's it do ? skyler I meet my reserve and there 's still two minute . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 15 . Walt nod , sit watch . without take she eye off the screen , skyler reach over and slip a hand into Walt 's sweatpant . Walt smirk , surprised . walt what 's up ? skyler you tell I . skyler play with he , out of sight below frame . a beat . skyler what be you do tomorrow ? walt ( shrug ) actually , I be think about , um . maybe drive to caltech . skyler you be not gonna mow ? walt yeah , I ’1ll mow . JPL 's get a exhibit of Mars rover photograph . suppose to be , the detail ... just really amazing . really beautiful . skyler I just need you to mow at some point . I ' have do it myself , except it always throw rock at I . I think it need a new bag . walt I will mow . first thing . skyler glance at Walt 's crotch . good -~naturedly : skyler what 's go on down there ? be he asleep ? walt I be just ... we gotta be careful of the baby . skyler do not worry about the baby . this be for you . we be only do you tonight . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 16 . obscure by the computer , skyler give Walt a vigorous handjob with one hand and work the mouse with the other . skyler just relax . just ... close you eye and let it ... skyler glance again at she husband . apparently , there 's no mighty oak sprung from whence the lowly acorn lie . skyler just close you eye . Walt do so , concentrate . try hard . tugging away , skyler 's attention drift back to the computer . completely . skyler --- that 's it . that 's ... it . there you go . keep go . keep go . keep it go . keep ... ( reacting to the screen ) yes ! fifty-six . Walt 's eye open . the thrill be go . ext . caltech campus - day Old pasadena . Wide greenbelt and dark magnolias . the sign say '' jet propulsion Laboratory . '' Einstein be a visit professor at caltech , once upon a time . this place look it . int . JPL - day mar fill frame , stark red rock and red sand . we pan off this blow - up of martian terrain -- we be in a hallway mount with two dozen such photo , big and strike . small in the distance stand Walt . he 's not look at any of this photo . he 's down a adjacent hallway , stare at something else , instead . closer angle - walt he 's study name engrave on a old plaque . it 's a list of grad student award a particular research grant . closer . '' organic chemistry , 1988 -- walter H. White . '' Walt stare at he own name on the plaque . we can not read he thought , but we can guess at they . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 17 . ext . caltech campus - coffee stand ~ day a outdoor snack bar . Walt sit alone . around he , young student pore over textbooks or quietly type on laptop . Walt sip he coffee and stare into space . at the nearest table , a chinese guy sit with two chinese girl . they be laugh and talk in cantonese . they keep they voice low so they gossip might not be overhear -- but it 's not like we have any idea what they be say . Walt take another sip of coffee , carefully set down the cup . he look at he hand for a long moment . he notice he finger be trembling slightly . he make a fist , squeeze it tight . open it . the asian student be talk a mile - a-minute , the two girl giggle . Walt glance at they , look back to he hand . he press it flat against the tabletop . up -angle -- as see through this glass top table , Walt 's finger stick to the surface . they pull loose with a slow , gluey slurp . closer on Walt . he rub he mouth , sneak he fingertip to he carotid artery just under he ear . he 's feel he pulse . the furtive whisper in chinese fill he head . he 's start to breathe faster . his cellphone ring . he glance at the readout screen . '' home , '' it say . Walt silence it , tuck the phone back in he pocket . rapid~fire chinese be all we hear . now it get drown out by a sudden whoosh that make Walt blink . it 's the whoosh of the nearby cappuccino machine . it 's unnaturally loud , like a jet engine . Walt 's have enough . time to go . high angle - down through the tree magnolia leave sway in f.g . we be look down at Walt , tiny in the distance , as he rise to he foot . he make it three step before he collapse , flipping a empty table . student look up , hesitate . the chinese guy and a couple of other rise to help . off Walt , lie on he face ... end act one script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 18 . act two int . er - exam room — day Walt be conscious , seem okay . he sit in a blue paper gown , leg dangle off a exam table . he 's alone , wait . absently tapping the table . he 's be here for hour . muffled ringing . Walt reach for he pants , fish out he cellphone . '' home '' be yet again display on the readout . Walt consider , answer it . walt hey . ( a beat ) yeah , sorry . TI have it turn off . I be , uh ... ( a beat ) yeah , probably about a hour or so . amid the bustle out in the hall , two er doctor stand confer . they be look at blood chemistry result -- first one man study they , then the other . when one of they glance back we way , we realize they be talk about Walt . Walt see this . he can not hear what they be say , but it look weighty . Walt be anxious . however , he do not let it come through in he voice . walt I be at caltech . I run into a old professor , we get to talk . I should be home in about a hour . okay . Walt click off . he look again to the doctor in the hall . one man nod to the other , walk off . the remain doctor put on he bedside smile and enter Walt 's room . doctor sorry for the wait . you can put you clothes back on . Walt climb off the table , step into he pants . walt I have have it before . low blood sugar . stood up too fast . he 's fishing . the doctor do not say anything , just fill out a form . Walt pull on he shirt , button it . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 19 , walt guess I should have have breakfast this morning . doctor there 's a specialist I have like you to see . his name be Dr. belknap . I should have he ... card here somewhere . yes . the doctor find a business card , hand it to Walt . Walt stand in he sock , stare at the card for a long beat . walt oncologist ... doctor ( force breezy ) it 's probably absolutely nothing . int . dr . belknap' office / exam area - day day later . a montage of close - ups : a blood pressure cuff get pump with a whoosh - whoosh - whoosh ; a stethoscope slide here and there over bare skin ; gland get palpate ; blood be draw ; eye , ear , nose and throat be check ; more blood be draw ; colorful mris pop up on a monitor ; still more blood be draw . end montage . cut to —- Walt in he street clothes , sit in a red leather chair . he 's stare almost directly into camera . silence . up from it rise a faint sort of buzzy , shimmer tinnitus sound . it 's the ringing in Walt 's ear . it get louder as we slowly creep in on Walt 's face . he ' 's stare at we blankly . he 's stare at : Walt 's Pov -- doctor belknap . Dr. belknap be a bald man in he late fifty . on a good day , he 's maybe avuncular . he 's sit behind he desk , look right at we , talk in slight slow-motion . we do not hear a single word he 's say . we only hear the buzzy ringing . closer Pov -- we tilt down from belknap 's face , he move lip , to he doctor 's coat . on the pristine white of he lapel , there 's a spot of yellow mustard . we fixate on it . suddenly : dr . belknap -- Mr. White ? be you listen ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 20 . we have snap out of it . the SOUND in the room be normal . no more slow-motion . Walt look up from the man 's lapel . walt yeah . dr . belknap do you ..?. you understae what I have say to you ? walt yeah . multiple myeloma . stage 3 . ( a beat ) best-case scenario , with chemo , I all live another two year . ( off the man 's gaze ) it 's just , you have get mustard on you ... you have get mustard there . Walt point . belknap glance down at the spot on he lapel , then back up at Walt . he have no idea what to say to that . off Walt , look very matter - of-fact ... disconcertingly so : int . velvet -touch car wash ~ office - evening same clothes , same day -- Walt come to work straight from get he terrible news . he 's on autopilot , stand behind the cash register . the buzz be back in he head . amir be in the b.g. , argue on the phone in sound be mute . we can barely hear he . we he 's yell about anyway -- it 's pointless , we be on Walt , who simply stare into space . farsi . the do not know what do not matter . no customer . Walt suddenly jerk , like a tiny zap of electricity go through he . he step out from behind the counter and exit . amir do not notice he leave . as see through the window , Walt pad along like a zombie and nearly get run over by a car . the vato all watch , confuse , as Walt climb in he Nissan and drive away . int . nissan sentra —- drive - evening Walt drive . not speed . no expression on he face . his Pov : it 's a straight shot up the 10 freeway . the familiar triple overpass loom ahead in the distance . Walt stare at it like it 's the monolith in '' 2001 . '' script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 21 . ext . overpass - continuous a aerial view , look straight down at this vast and complex concrete knot . Walt 's tiny Nissan be a ant trundle toward it . the car disappear from view underneath , as if be swallow . int . white house - kitchen - evening a glass of white wine . skyler stand talk on the phone . skyler ( into phone ) absolutely . I send it to you on the third . it 's number ... wait a minute , let I get my checkbook . she cup a hand over the phone , do nothing . after a beat : skyler ( into phone ) here it be . it 's check number 1148 . so my record show I pay that , and I certainly do not feel like we owe any late ... ( listen ) alright . I guess then I '1 ] check with my bank and , I do not know , if the post office lose it or something ... alright then . let I look into that . thank you . Walt enter , hearing the tail - end . skyler hang up . skyler you be home early . Walt nod , find a beer in the fridge . his finger tremble a little as he pries off the cap . skyler do not notice -- she 's sifting through a stack of bill . Walt sit at the table . he drink deep , rub he mouth . skyler how be you day ? walt you know . samé. script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 22 . skyler do not tell I amir 's send you home at five now . walt no , just . today . skyler ( study a bill ) do you use the mastercard last month ? $ 15.88 at staples ? walt uh . we need printer paper . skyler Walt , the mastercard 's the one we do not use . Walt nod , overwhelm and hide it . skyler do not know about he doctor 's appointment . even if Walt want to tell she , something stop he . he sip he beer , stare . loud machine gun FIRE startles they both . skyler yell into the live room . skyler dammit , walter ! turn that down ! ( more gunfire ) go talk to he . Walt rise , set he bottle in the sink . int . white house - live room - continuous the end of '' scarface '' play on the tv . tony montana , with he mountain of cocaine and he m - 16 , take on all comer . walter , Jr. be sprawle on the couch , watch . his crutch be lean against the armrest . walter , JR . hey . walt hey. ( watch tv , remember ) you Mom want you to turn it down . walter , JR . shit , come -- on . this be -- the best -- wait , wait ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 23 . tony montana ( on tv ) come a 's meet my leetle friend ! walter , JR . oh -- damnt Hell , yeah ! walter , Jr. awkwardly pump he fist . Walt keep watch . walt dvd ? walter , jr. ( nod ) uncle hank --gave -- it to I . Walt 's eye stay on the screen . the garish little kingpin mow down acre of columbian , then die in a blaze of glory . off Walt , whose thought be unknown to we ... int . white house - master bedroom - night glow blue number project on the cottage cheese ceiling : 4:26 am . Walt lie awake beside he sleep wife . int . white house - spare bedroom - night squeak -squeak , squeak -squeak . Walt thump up and down on he cheapie stair-stepper . he speed up -- faster than the last time . thump , thump , thump . as see through the bar of the empty crib , he 's really work it hard . sweat bead on he face . bam , bam , bam . faster , faster . harder . violent . sweat drip off he nose . until -- -- crack . he break the stair-stepper . one footpad snap free , hang limp . Walt step off and examine it . he stare down at it for the longest time . we creep in on he face . the thousand - yard stare he 's have since Doctor belknap 's office give way to something else now . walt two year . he say it barely audibly . it 's like the cloud have parte . the situation have finally , truly register in Walt 's brain . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 24 . ext . white house - dawn early morning . a faint glow in the sky . silence except for the thwack ... thwack of the newspaper guy drive past . int . white house - kitchen - dawn Walt sit alone at the kitchen table , stare into space . deep in think . consider something carefully . he rise , pick up the phone and dial . keeps he voice low . walt hank ? hey , it 's Walt . I do not wake you , do I ? ( a beat ) good. listen , I have be think . could I take you up on you offer ? the ride - along ? cut to : ext . blue - collar neighborhood - morning a different morning -~ this thing take time to set up . we be in a neighborhood not unlike Walt 's . a non-descript Ford be park at the curb , blend in with the other car . hank ( 0.s. ) it 's down there on the cul - de-sac . White ? kinda redwood -look trim ? int . ford - morning — continuous hank sit behind the wheel . a subordinate agent , gomez , be beside he . hank be point out the target house to Walt , who sit in the back seat in a ill-fitting bulletproof vest . hank see it ? walt yeah . tiny house , a block down the street . not at all noteworthy . walt . ( quiet interest ) that 's a meth lab . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 25 . hank so say we snitch . say some dude who go by '' cap and cook '' life up to he name in there . get himself a three pound flask and keep it bubbling day and night . say he always add a dash of chili powder . ( to Gomez ) ah , you exuberant mexican . gomez uh-uh . '' cap 'o cook ? '' -- that 's a white boy 's name . dopey as hell . hank yeah ? I get twenty buck say he 's a beaner . gomez you be on . a yellow school bus chug into frame , drive past . hank ah , here we go . finally . ( into he radio ) School bus be clear . you get the green light . a affirmation come back . hank start he engine . hank ( smile , to Walt ) watch this . this make ‘em shit . out of the distance , we hear a big engine revving , speed we way . a truck roar past , head for the cul - de-sac . hank slowly follow it in he Ford -- just so Walt can see , hank hum ride of the valkyry , channele '' apocalypse now . '' Walt ' 's Pov : as see through the windshield , the lead truck go speed into the target house 's driveway . a entry team of six agent jump out , look like they just come from the set of a sci-fi movie -- they be cover head - to - toe in chemical suit and respirator gear . they carry carbine and shotgun . one man lug a batter ram . hank meth lab be nasty on a good day -- but when you mix that stuff wrong , you wind up with mustard gas . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 26 . walt phosgene gas , I think . hank yeah , exactly . one whiff 's 1ll kill you . that 's why the moon suit . Walt nod , watch the entry team take position at the door . int . target house - kitchen - continuous to call this a shithole would be a insult to shithole everywhere . there 's filthy clothes , overflow garbage , rotting pizza box dating to the Clinton administration ... along with stack cannister of plumber 's lye and coleman stove fuel . a rambling , rube Goldberg lab of hose and bucket stand out against the knotty pine panell . a mexican man , emilio , sit at the kitchen table , listen to headphone -- oblivious to the o.s. banging at the door . he 's get a enormous mound of red powder in front of he , and a even bigger pile of matchbook on the floor . he scrape off the striker strip and collect the powder . this be a source of red phosphorus for meth production . booom ! the front door bust open . fed pour in , point gun and breathe through they mask like darth vader . emilio nearly piss himself . he start to run for it , but do not get far . the agent hold he down , cuff he . ext . target house - morning hank , Gomez and Walt wait in the Ford . the radio crackle . agent ( radio v.o. ) House be clear . we have get one suspect in custody . hank copy that . the suspect ... might he be of the Latin persuasion ? agent ( radio v.0 . ) Si , senor . hank triumphantly put a hand out . Gomez grumble and pay he he twenty . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 27 . hank cheer up . you people still get J. lo. ( grin at Walt ) how you do back there , buddy ? this sure as hell beat spend you day clap eraser , huh ? Walt smile , act agreeable . hank turn to Gomez . hank I make the mistake of watch '' Jeopardy '' with this dude one time . he be a stud , Gomez . he 's a brainiac . beep ! '' what be E equal mc square , Alex ? '' beep ! '' what be , like , freaking ... Shakespeare ? hamlet ? '' I be tell you Walt , you shoulda go on that show . you ’da clean up . gomez right on , man . hank ( to Gomez ) shit , you do not know the half of it . two big company want he while he be still in college . he coulda write he own ticket . hank look to Walt for confirmation . Walt stare out the window , barely shrug -- and change the subject . walt hank ? do you think I might get to go inside ? see the lab ? hank yeah , tell you what -- we be gonna go peek we head in , check it out . stay here a minute . hank and Gomez exit the car , leave Walt behind . Walt 's pleasant demeanor fade . spend time with hank be hard for he . while fed in moon suit come and go across the lawn , Walt 's attention drift to the house next door . he double -take , notice a high window get raise . it 's out of sight of the d.e.a. agent . only Walt can see as ... script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 28 , --- a dude dress only in underpant back out the window . he dangle for a moment , then drop eight foot to the grass . this guy be white , gawky , early 20 -- picture a hip shaggy from '' scooby doo . '' his sneaker come tumble from the window , nearly hit he in the head . above he , a naked housewife lean out , boob dangle , frantically toss he he jeans , he sock , he cypress Hill T-shirt . the kid dress at mach speed , peek around the corner of the house . he 's desperate not to be see by the fed . Walt watch , jaw slacken . he can not believe he eye . he recognize this kid . he know he . walt {to himself ) god. dupree ..? it 's like a psychic connection -- at this moment , the kid , marion alan dupree , feel eye on he . he turn and look , even more shocked to see Walt than Walt be to see he . stare at Walt , dupree swallow hard , put a finger to he lip -- shhh . keeping one eye on the d.e.a. , he hurry to a old daytona park on the curb . as it creep away , Walt note the license plate : '' the capn . '' nobody see any of this but Walt . he climb out of the back of the Ford , watch dupree go . he still can not believe it . hank surprise he , have walk up behind he carry a shoebox in a big evidence bag . it 's stuff full of cash . hank hey , check it out , Walt -- this asshole like they shoebox better 'o Bank of America . Walt stare at all that beautiful green , turn and glance back down the street . the daytona be go . hank whatcha look at ? walt ( a beat ) nothing . hank wanna come meet a bad guy ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 29 . Walt nod , follow he to the house . he 's not go to tell hank what he know . ext , bungalow STREET - night we're in a old neighborhood of sear - roebuck cottage up in the foothills . one particular bungalow be shabbier than the rest . its paint peel off like sunburn skin . ext . bungalow - back yard - night '' the capn '' license plate get cover -- dupree be out here in the darkness , hurriedly drape he daytona with a tarp . he 's antsy as hell . hear footstep , he grab a tire iron , crouch behind the car . the footstep slow , stop . walt ( 0.s. ) it 's I . I be alone . Walt appear out of the blackness . dupree slowly rise . after a wary beat : dupree how would you find I ? walt you be still in we filing system . you aunt own this place , right ? dupree I own it . Walt nod . whatever . he glance at the tarp . walt nobody 's look for you . dupree what do you want ? walt I be curious . ( a beat ; shrug ) honestly , I never expect you to amount to much . methamphetamine , though . I do not picture that . ( off the silence ) lotta money in it , huh ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 30 . dupree peer into the darkness beyond Walt , wonder who else be out there . his hand tighten around the tire iron . dupree I do not know what you be talk about . walt no ? . dupree no freakin’ clue . walt huh . cap 'o cook ? that 's not you ? ( off he head shake ) like I say , no one 's look for you . I do not tell anyone . dupree grow more agitate . his voice stay low . dupree I do not know what you think you be do here , Mr. White . if you be plan on give I some bullshit about get right with Jesus or something , turn myself in -— - walt no . not really . dupree you be not '' welcome back , kotter , '' so step off . no speech . dupree point the tire iron for emphasis .. Walt should leave , but he do not . instead ... walt short speech . you lose you partner today . what ’s-his -name , emilio ? emilio 's go to prison . the d.e.a. take you money , you lab . you get nothing . Square one . but you know the business , and I know the chemistry . I be think . maybe you and I ... partner up . Long , pregnant silence . dupree can not believe he ear . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 31. dupree you -- wanna cook crystal meth . ( off Walt 's nod ) you . you and I . Walt mean it . dupree break into a crooked , spread grin . before he can laugh out loud -- walt either that , or I turn you in . dupree 's smile fade . off Walt , serious as a heart attack ... end act two script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 32 . act three int . white house — kitchen — afternoon Brown shipping tape get pull off its roll with a skrreck ! skyler seal a cardboard box , ready it for the post office . the kitchen table be stack with bubble wrap and box . Marie help pack . she hold up a item . marie what the hell be this ? skyler damned if I know . I describe it as a '' mid-century objet d'art . '' marie and somebody buy it ? skyler some guy in minneapolis . fourteen dollar plus shipping -- and I get it at a yard sale for eighty cent . God , I love ebay . Marie shake she head , bubble - wrap the objet . marie at this rate , in fifty or sixty year you will ] be rich . that 's the dynamic -- Marie be constantly yitzing she older sister . sometimes , she 's not even aware she 's do it . she 's just naturally negative . and competitive . marie what 's up with Walt lately ? skyler he 's fine . what do you mean ? marie he just seem ... I do not know . quieter than usual . skyler think about it , shrug . skyler turn forty be a big deal . I know I be not look forward to it . ( smirk ) you ~~ be gonna be a basket~case . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 33. marie so , it 's a mid-life crisis . skyler no . he 's just . quiet . marie ( a beat ) how 's the sex ? skyler Marie ! Jesus . Marie hold up she hand . whatever . irked , skyler run she tape gun over the top of a box -- skkkrrreck . a beat or two . marie ( mumble ) guess that answer that . int . high school - classroom - afternoon Walt 's chem lab be empty -- school have end for the day . hurrying around , Walt peer in cabinet high and low , pull out flask , beaker , tubing , stand and burner . he gather all this up , load it in a cardboard box . he pause , hit by a brief fit of coughing . he recover , sniff and feel he chest with he fingertip . Margaret the physics teacher stick she head in the door behind he . margaret hey , you be still here . walt oh , hey . margaret I miss lunch -- I be think of swinging by t.g.i. Fridays . I could use a drink . how ' bout you ? Walt clearly would like to join she , and she know it . walt shoot , I can not . my other job . margaret okay . some other time . ( notice the box ) whatcha do ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 34. walt oh. inventory . not a week go by my kid do not break two or three piece of glassware . Margaret consider . do she believe he ? we do not know . but then she wink at he , leave . Walt glance at he box full of school property . shit , that be close . he carry it to the door , pause to peek out . no witness . Walt flick off the classroom light with he back , then hump the heavy box down the hall and out of the building . ext . bungalow - afternoon dupree sit on he front porch , drink a long - neck beer and glower . Walt 's Nissan putter into view , reverse and back into dupree 's driveway . Walt climb out , jazze . walt look what I get . Walt open he hatchback . dupree do not budge . Walt stare at he -- a teacher stare at a recalcitrant student -- until dupree slouches down the step . walt quit my part-time job -- I have get four hour to devote to this every afternoon . and ... Walt lift a blanket , revealing he cargo . lot of goody . dupree peer at the steal lab gear , pull something out . walt ah. kjeldahl - style recovery flask , 2000 milliliter . very nice . you get you griffin beaker , you get you volumetric . but check this out -- the piéce de résistance . round bottom boil flask , 5000 milliliter . Big . dupree wipe he nose with he sleeve , refuse to be impressed . he point to something else instead . dupree I cook in one of that . a big one . walt this ? this be a erlenmeyer flask . you would not cook in one of this . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 35 . dupree yeah . I do . walt no , you do not . a erlenmeyer flask be for general mixing and titration . you do not apply heat to a erlenmeyer flask . that 's what the boil flask be for . do you not learn anything in my chemistry class ? dupree no . . you flunk I , remember ? prick ? and let I tell you something else -- this shit be not chemistry . this shit be art . cook be art . the shit I cook be the bomb , so do not be tell I ! walt the shit you cook be shit . I see you setup . ridiculous . ( firm ) you and I will not make garbage . we will produce a chemically pure and stable product that perform as advertise . no adulterant . no baby formula . no chili powder . dupree chili p 's my signature ! Walt shake he head -- not anymore . dupree yeah , well we will see about that . the hell 's all this ? he pull out heavy lab apron , glove , respirator . this be the respirator we see Walt and dupree wear in the teaser ( dupree be Walt 's 's unconscious passenger , by the way ) . walt Lab safety . we be also gonna have a emergency eye wash station . this chemical and they fume be toxic -- or do not you know that ? dupree hold up a apron , snort . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 36. dupree hey , you can dress up like a faggot if you want . not I . Walt glare at he , lose patience . dupree root through the pile of RAW supplies Walt have bring along . dupree stove fuel ... not enough of it . lye . you get the generic crap . Red Devil 's better . iodine , match ... also not my brand . walt somehow , we will manage . ( point ) sinus tablet . that should be enough pseudoephedrine to produce the first pound . then I be think we can switch to a proper phenyl - 2 - propanone method . dupree 's not listen . instead , he 's notice something about Walt 's shopping bag . they be all the same . dupree wait . tell I you do not buy all this from one single goddamn store . walt why ? dupree Jesus ! they know what you be do with this ! any goddamn retard they get workin’ a register 's gonna know you nre make crystal ! you be probably on some list now ! ( as if to a child ) you buy -- you supplies -- piecemeal . one store at a time , one item at a time . Walt look worried now . chasten . walt it be way over in West covina . I pay cash . nobody seem to ... dupree consider Walt . Studies he like he 's from Mars . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 37. dupree acting like some skippy little bitch . like this be fun and game . this shit be shit you take -- serious . Walt suppress he anger , stare at he evenly . walt life and death . ext . bungalow - garage / back yard - afternoon chemical , labware , supplies -- the last of the carload of stuff Walt bring get pack into a back corner of dupree 's messy old garage . dupree cover it with a tarp . dupreeb this do not stay more than a day . walt what , be not we gonna cook here ? dupree no , we be not gonna cook here . this be my house . I do not shit where I eat . walt then where be we go to work ? dupree you tell I . this be you deal , man . you wanna smoke it up , smoke it up at you house . ( off Walt 's look ) Nah . I do not think so . oh , well . silence as Walt consider . stub at the dirt with he heel . walt what if we rent a self - storage place ? one of that little orange garage ? worked out of there ? dupree Nah , they be onto that . they get dog that sniff around . ( grudgingly ) rv . that 's what you want . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 38. walt what , like a winnebago ? dupree I know a dude want to sell he . he just go camp with it -- but a mobile meth lab no be the bomb . you can drive way out in the boony . be all evasive . ( gaug Walt 's interest ) forty - five hundred have get you in . off Walt , already calculate how to swing this : int . credit union —- afternoon the name on the wall say '' Ontario teacher credit Union . '' it 's close time . we find Walt stand at the counter , do business with a teller and a branch manager . closer -- crisp one hundre dollar bill get count out . teller «+. thirty -nine , forty . four thousand ... ten , fifteen , sixteen dollar and ... sixty - four cent . Walt stare down at the money , lock distant . remove . the manager do not feel good about this at all . branch manager Mr. White , be you sure you want to do this ? I be think you would qualify for a home equity loan . walt I have get two already . branch manager you do understand you be lose nearly seven thousand dollar of principal . and that this leave you pension account with a zero balance . walt yes . I understand . he 's perfectly calm . the man stare at Walt , bewilder . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 39 . branch manager I be concerned you '1 ] want this money when it come time to retire . Walt shrug and smile , do not answer . ext . parking lot - afternoon close on a fat handful of cash . dupree count it , impressed . we be in a shopping center lot , mostly empty . in b.g. be the eredit union . dupree and Walt sit in dupree 's daytona . dupree it 's four grand . my guy want forty - five hundred . walt you be a drug dealer , negotiate . dupree think about it , shove the money in he pants . dupree you be not how I remember you from class . I mean , like , not at all . Walt check he watch . walt I gotta go . dupree wait . hold up . tell I why you be do this . seriously . walt {a beat ) why do you do it ? dupree money , mainly . walt there you have it . dupree Nah . come on , man ! some straight like you , giant stick up he ass ... all a sudden at age , what , fifty he 's just gonna break bad ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 40. walt I be forty -one . dupree it 's weird , be all . it do not compute . if you be like ... crazy or something ... if you have go crazy , or depressed . I be just say . that 's something I need to know about . that affect I . Walt stare at dupree a long time , consider how to answer . walt I be ... awake . dupree ( a confuse beat ) what ? Walt pull the handle , open he passenger door . walt buy the rv . we start tomorrow . Walt get in he old Nissan , park beside the daytona . off dupree , worriedly watch he go : CUT to : int . dressing room - night it 's tight in here . familiar crutch lean against the wall . walter , Jr. sit on a bench , struggle to pull a stiff new pair of off - brand jeans over he bare leg . skyler ( 0.s. ) how you come in there ? walter , JR . Fine . anything but . Young walter work at it valiantly , but the design of this room be give he trouble . he will not ask for help and he folk know it . after a while : skyler ( 0.s. ) you want I or you dad ? walter , JR . ( give up ; annoyed ) dad . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 41. the door open and Walt enter . not a word be say as Walt lean down and he son wrap he arm around he neck . while walter , Jr. hold on , he dad lift he a little and work the jeans up onto he thigh and waist . it 's intimate in a way that 's tough on a teenager , but walter , Jr. keep he dignity . Walt handle it well , too . walt how do this fit ? you like this ? walter , Jr. shrug , nod . Walt zip up he son , button he . int . department store - night —- minute later we're in a target or somesuch . the man 's department . walter , Jr. stand before a mirror , balance on he crutch as he appraise he new jeans . skyler and Walt stand behind he . Walt 's thought be distant as he watch he son . skyler do not get ‘em if they be too tight . walter , jr. they ' be -- pre--shrunk . skyler they always say that , then they shrink anyway . as walter , Jr. consider , we hear a faint o.s. commotion . jock ( 0.s. ) Big boy pants . I get new big boy pants . mommmeeee ... Walt snap out of it , turn and look . twenty foot away , partially hide by clothing rack , be three guy , probably just out of high school . they be laugh hard , make a token effort to keep they voice low . the biggest among they , a tall jock , be gimp around , play '' retard '' and crack up the other two . they glance we way -- it 's clear they be make fun of walter , JR . jock mommmeee , zip up my big boy pants . choke laughter and whisper . walter , Jr. hear . he set he jaw and ignore it , he face burn . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 42. skyler be livid . she 's about to go give this guy bloody hell , but Walt touch a hand to she arm , stop she . walt no , do not . before she can ask why not , Walt walk off in the opposite direction . he disappear down a aisle . be he look for the manager ? a security guard ? what 's he do ? skyler be dismay he 's not stand up for they son . frustrate . until she notice : new angle -- the jock be still flog the joke as walt enter frame behind he . unbeknownst to everyone , Walt have quickly looped around , stalking up behind this guy . jock oh no . oh no . I pinch a loaf in my big boy pa -- wham ! Walt kick the back of the jock 's knee , drop the big guy painfully to the floor . before the startle jock can get up , Walt stand full - weight on he ankle . leverage . jock aahh ! whu ~~ what be you do ?! walt what 's the matter , Chief ? you have trouble walk there ? stand up . do not be a retard . stand up and walk . jock aaahh ! get off I ! Walt raise he foot . the jock scramble to he foot , tower over Walt . jock I ’1l1 mess you up , man ! the kid 's nearly a head taller , 240 . do not mean jack - shit to Walt , who get in he face . Walt look slightly crazy . walt well , do not keep I wait . the jock be already back off . his two friend be spook , as well -- tug at he to leave . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 43. jock screw you . freakin 's psycho . b.m.o.c. limp off with he tail between he leg . skyler and walter , Jr. stand stare , amaze . they have never see anything like it . certainly not from they husband and dad . skyler Walt ..? stand here , Walt feel a kind of power -- one bring on by a absence of fear . off he , realize more and more that he like it : end act three script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 44 . act_ four ext . cow pasture ~ afternoon Black and white cow graze in f.g . we drift off they and focus on a stand of wood in the distance . ext . wood - afternoon familiar to we from the teaser , the old winnebago be park off a dirt road . dupree 's daytona be here , too . we nre in the middle of nowhere . there 's nobody around for mile . the winnie 's screen door open . Walt step out , look around . breathes deep . he 's get a plastic coat hanger he impatiently tap against he leg . wait . with a faint crunch of leave , dupree appear . he 's clomping toward we , carry binocular . dupree nothing but cow . get some big cow-house way over that way , like two mile . but I do not see nobody . walt '' cow~house ? '' dupree ( shrug ) where they live . the cow . whatever , man . shit yeah , let 's cook here . dupree walk off , attend to something in he car . Walt hang he coat hanger on the rv n's awning . he unclip he tie , slide it in he breast pocket . he unbutton he short sleeve dress shirt , hang it on the hanger . dupree wander back in time to see Walt climb out of he trouser and hang they up . dupree stop dead in he track . dupree what . be you do ? walt this be my good clothes . I can not go home smell like a meth lab . dupree shake he head , weird - out . Walt , stripped down to he underpant , climb into the winnebago . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 45 . walt C ’mon , I have only get till six . he disappear inside . dupree consider , then reach in he jacket pocket for ... a mini - camcorder ( the one we remember from the teaser ) . grinning , he follow Walt into the rv . CUT to : black screen with a ding , up come a live video image of Walt , he back to we . he wear a lab apron , rubber glove and safety glass . his respirator be propped on he forehead . we be : int . winnebago - afternoon and we be watch dupree 's camcorder Pov of Walt at work . Walt be crush scad of sinus pill in a mortar and pestle . this place be pack tight with lab equipment and supplies . we hear dupree snickering o.s. he zoom in on Walt 's underpant , which show through the back of he apron . dupree ( 0.s. ) this be a good look for you . you be maybe only the world 's second - biggest homo . walt shut up and give I a hand here . Walt glance back at we , notice the camcorder . shit ! he reach straight into lens , tussling for it . it go black . walt ( 0.s. ) gimme that goddamn -- the screen go to static . bam ! -- as we bring up music : int . winnebago ~ afternoon - montage edited to the beat of some very hip , drive song , we see various angle and jump - cut of Walt cooking meth , assist by dupree . hour be compress into second here . for that of we who grow up watch '' the a - team , '' this be that scene they would always do where the a - team build a tank or a jet plane out of spare part . same feel , same energy -- except here , we guy be make highly illegal drug . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 46. without turn this into a how - to video , we watch as : -- powder sinus tablet get soak in a solvent , separate out as a paste and a liquid , then reduce down over heat . -- Veterinary iodine be transformed into hydriodic acid . -- the striker strip of dozen of matchbook get scrape off with a razor blade , form a pile of red phosphorus . -- Red phosphorus be combine with hydriodic acid and mix with the pseudoephedrine cull from the sinus pill . -- the whole mess get cook into freebase meth oil . -- Salt , muriatic acid , and bit of aluminum foil be mix in a gas can . it get connect to a length of garden hose . -- hydrogen chloride gas bubbles through the hose and down into a big bucket full of freebase . White methamphetamine hydrochloride crystal float to the top and get skimm off . throughout all this , Walt be work with the utmost gravity and attention to detail -- as if he be a scientist on the Manhattan Project . as the cook progress , we get little hint that dupree be take it more seriously , too . see the way Walt work , see that he really know he stuff , dupree act more respectful . he even start wear he safety gear . clearly , he 's learn from Walt . ext . winnebago - afternoon the little rv sit hide in the wood . toxic-look yellow smoke waft through a vent in the roof . it curl up into the tree , filter through shaft of red afternoon sunset . end music . end montage . int . winnebago ~ evening it 's get dark outside . the cook be do . Walt sit in he apron , tired . he rub at the red line around he face leave by he respirator , try to make it go away . they have make about a pound of fat , snowy white crystal . dupree carefully dip into they product with a razor blade , lift out a tiny sample . he tap it onto a sheet of yellow paper , swirl it around . his eye be wide . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 47. he 's a whole new dupree now . subdued . awed . it 's as if he 's see the Holy grail . dupree this be ... this be glass grade . you get ... Jesus , you get crystal in here a quarter - inch long . long . this be pure glass . ( turn to he ) you be ... you be Michelangelo . you nre a goddamn artist . this be art . Mr. White ... he 's run out of superlative . he 's actually tear up . Walt be surprised by he emotion . walt it 's just basic chemistry . ( off he awe ) but thank you , marion . I be glad it 's acceptable . dupree acceptable ? every jibbhead from here to timbuktu 's gonna want a taste ! it 's gonna be like , '' Sir , would you care to replace you schwinn bicycle with this brand - new Ferrari ? '' shit ! ( dip some more ) dude , I gotta try some of this . uncomfortable with that idea , Walt intercede . walt no . we sell it , we do not smoke it . dupree since when ? ( Walt put it away ) man , you be watch too much " Miami vice . '' walt ocheck he watch ) so , how do we proceed ? dupree you cook more tomorrow . meantime , I know just the guy to talk to . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 48. int . krazy - 8's house - morning brand -new giant screen tv . otherwise , this place look like a cross between a frat house and . a crack house . krazy - 8 , a young , hard - look mexican , sit on a sofa dot with cigarette burn . he 's play NBA basketball on he ps2 . the front door stand open -- but the screen door , all heavy reinforce steel , be shut . visible through it , dupree wander up onto the porch , cup he eye and peer in . dupree yo , kraze ! how you doin’ , my man ? krazy - 8 glance over flatly , return he attention to he video game . dupree twist the doorknob . lock . dupree can I come in ? a beat or two as krazy - 8 keep play . finally , he reach over , grab a garage door clicker . he buzy dupree in . dupree bop into the live room , all smile . he 's act like he and this guy be tight -- which they be not . dupree take a seat , watch the video game . dupree I get this game . the laker Girls all have titty like pine cone . yo , I will show you a trick move . you hit the x-button simultaneous with the -- krazy -8 -- shut you mouth and show I you money . dupree I be not buy , ese . I be sell . dupree toss a tiny baggie on the coffee table . it 's a '' tina '' -- one - sixteenth of a ounce of meth . one hit . dupree tell I that be not the finest scante you ever laid eye on . krazy - 8 glance at the baggie , keep play . glance at it again . pause he game and pick it up . Studies it closely . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 49 , dupree huh ? see ? Crystal so big , look like somebody break a window . look like you have cut you nose off . try it . krazy take a whiff of the open baggie , consider . he scoops a taste into he pinkie nail and snort it up he nostril . dupreeb boo - yah ! see ? what I say ? krazy squint he eye , rub he nose . Jesus -- rocket fuel . krazy - 8 that 's alright . ( eyeing he ) sco , what ? you back in business ? dupree Hell , yeah I be back ! with a vengeance ! nigga gotta make a live ! and with you cousin go away and all ... ( change gear ) and listen home , about that . it really break I up about emilio . dude be like my brother . ( mournful ) he okay ? you talk to he ? krazy-8 yeah , I talk to he . he say when the fed come , you be out stickin’ it in some neighbor lady . dupree ( shrug ; smile ) hey , you know . I get lucky twice . krazy-8 yeah ? I dunno , man . emilio ..? ( dark ) he think maybe you dime on he . dupree 's expression cloud over , surprised and offended . dupree that be bullshit . that be bullshit , krazy - 8 ! I should kick he punk ass for even think that . next time you talk to emilio , you tell he for I . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 50. a toilet flush o.s. krazy - 8 nod toward the sound . krazy -8 make bail this morning . you can tell he yourself . the bathroom door open . into the room walk emilio , the guy we see get bust . he look bigger now , somehow . and angry . emilio go ahead , pendejo . kick my ass . dupree be suddenly none too comfortable . emilio advance on he , but krazy ~ - 8 shake he head to he cousin -- hold up . krazy - 8 turn to dupree , dangle the baggie . shake it . krazy -8 where would you get this ? ' Cause I know damn well you do not cook it . off dupree , not so cocky now : ext . wood - day it 's a second day of cooking for Walt . he 's out here alone with the winnebago , have just arrive . he put he coat hanger on the awning and strip down , hang up he good clothes . as he tie on he lab apron ... +.. a oldsmobile cutlass arrive . stop thirty foot away . Walt stand he ground watch it , wary . squint at it . Three man in the car . a little hard to see . Walt relax slightly when he realize dupree be one of they . Driver 's door open . krazy - 8 climb out , stand he ground . krazy -8 nature Boy ! you must be the cook ! ( off Walt 's silence ) that be some stone - fine cheebah , ese ! you wanna come work for I ? walt ( a beat ) I no be happy to sell to you . if the price be right . krazy -8 '' price be right . '' yeah , man ... come on down ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 51. he hold up a plastic von 's bag . this be the cash we see blow around in the teaser . krazy glance around , casual . krazy -8 so . you be out here all by yourself , huh ? Walt do not like the question . do not answer . he 's watch the cutlass now -- wonder why dupree , sit in the back seat with the third man , have not move . the third man , emilio , climb out now . he 's get a look on he face that tell we he 's just realize who Walt be . emilio shit . you be that guy . ( to krazy - 8 ) the d.e.a ... he be there with the goddamn d.e.a ! off Walt -- uh - oh . confusion all around . rising anxiety . emilio turn on dupree , still seat in the car . emilio goddamn rata snitch ! emilio 's reach for he gun . that 's enough for dupree —- he throw open the far door , take off into the wood . dupree run , mr. white ! run ! as he yell this over he shoulder -- bam ! dupree plow headlong into a tree . he collapse , knock cold . Walt do not go anywhere . krazy - 8 pull he gun immediately , point it at he . pistol draw , the two cousin look back and forth between unconscious dupree and Walt , who 's get he hand up . motionless silence . the cousin expect fed to come swarm out of the tree at any second . none do . the cousin relax a touch . dupree softly moan . emilto asshole. ( to krazy - 8 ) cap ‘em both . that 's what I say . krazy - 8 light a cigarette , think about it . Walt stand nervous , but stoic . he 's already come to grip with die , and he 's not go to plead for he life . krazy blow smoke , study Walt closely . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 52. krazy -8 yo . you really cook that batch ? Walt nod , he hand still raise . krazy -8 you a artist . it 's a damn shame . he raise he pistol , about to fire -- emilio , too . walt w- what if I show you my secret ? every cook 's get he recipe -- what if I teach you mine ? ( off they silence ) let we both live , I nil teach you . emilio look to krazy - 8 , who 's weigh it . it 's attractive . off krazy , blow smoke : ext . winnebago ~ minute later close on dupree , face - down and blotto . emilio finish hog-ty he wrist , then give he a kick in the head for good measure . emilio walk to the rv in b.g . int . winnebago - continuous Walt prepare he tool and material . krazy - 8 stand behind he , arm cross , gun in hand , watch he every move . emilio climb aboard , join he cousin . walt put out the cigarette . krazy - 8 consider , then poke he cig through the louver slat of a window and flick it outside . ext . winnebago - continuous close -- it land behind the rv , a few red spark fly . we creep in on the butt as it lie smolder in the weed . int . winnebago - continuous close -- poof ! a hot plate flame to life as Walt ignites the gas . Walt run a finger across he neatly arrange jar of ingredient . he stop on one ~- red phosphorus . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 53. Walt glance at ... he respirator . it 's lie way at the other end of the rv . Walt gingerly size up the cousin . emilio reach over , wig -wag Walt 's earlobe with the muzzle of he shiny 'mm . cold and menace as hell . emilio step to it , snitch . Walt make up he mind -- it 's now or never . he unscrew the top off the red phosphorus bottle . he take a long , deep , quiet breath ... and hold it . he dump the bottle onto the hot plate . it hit the flame with a sizzling whoof and smoke up . Walt duck and run . ext . winnebago - continuous Walt make it outside just ahead of the cousin . he slam the door in they face , lean he back against it hard . boom ! boom ! they be kick the shit out of it from the inside , try desperately to get out . we hear they coughing now . gasping . the flimsy rv door will not hold up long . suddenly -- blam !-blam !-blam ! bullet hole puncture the door , zing just above Walt 's head . still Walt stand fast , flinching and ducking lower . blam !-blam !-blam !-blam ! the fire stop . the choking sound get louder , more torture . horrify . tiny thin curl of red smoke waft out through the bullet hole . we hear a heavy thump . then another . two body hit the floor . silence now . Walt shut he eye , breathe hard . Walt recover , stumble over and check on dupree , who 's still breathe . Walt unty he . thank God , they be both alive . just as Walt get dupree loose ... .-. he smell smoke . he turn , see it rise thick and dark from behind the winnebago . he run to see . new angle —- behind the rv krazy -8n cigarette have start a brush FIRE . it 's ten foot across . Walt try to stomp it out , but that be not work . he yank off he heavy lab apron , desperately try to beat out the flame with that . no dice . in a panic , Walt stare up into the sky -- watch the smoke trail high overhead . everyone within five mile can see it . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 54. low angle - dupree lies drift in and out of consciousness . Walt ~- in he underpant , black shoe and sock -- run to he . Walt yank a respirator onto dupree 's face , then drag he out of frame . angle - the rv the flame of the brush fire be lick the back bumper . the engine roar alive , the exhaust pipe belching blue smoke . the fire be block the dirt road now . the winnebago lurch forward and take off overland . Walt 's clothes swing from the awning -- a tree branch knock loose he trouser . ext . cow pasture - day ( repeated footage ) pastoral . quiet . cow shit bake in the sun , then get run over with a splat . we be full - circle back to the teaser . the winnebago galumph across the landscape , scatter cow . int . winnebago - day ( repeated footage ) Walt drive in he underpant and he gas mask , he knuckle white on the wheel . unconscious dupree slump beside he . behind , the dead cousin slide to and for amidst the sloshing ruin of the meth lab . they cash flutter in the breeze . Walt hyperventilate . his mask fog up . bam ! he crash , violently jerking forward into lens . the frame go black . cur to : ext . cow pasture - day ~- minute later we start on black , then pull out of the barrel of Walt 's gun . we find ourselves where the teaser leave off -- Walt be aim past we , stand in he shirt and tie and underpant . siren be wail . we see red light flash just over top of the weed . they be racing we way . Walt have second thought . what the hell be he do ? he 's not go to shoot anybody . the ferocity leak out of he . despair settles in in its place . siren -- blaring . fuck it . he stick the muzzle in he mouth , wince hard . he yank the trigger . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 55 . nothing . the safety 's on . Walt fumble with it , try to figure it out . this take he just long enough that ... «+ . the siren be reveal to be FIRE engine . not the cop . two big pumper truck curve past we , follow a dirt road through the pasture we do not see until now . they roar on by , none of the firemen take the slight notice of Walt . they be head for krazy - 8 's brush fire a mile away . we can see the crooked column of smoke from here . the siren and the roar fade away . gradually , the pasture grow silent again . Walt stare stupidly , the pistol dangle at he side . he let it drop to the dirt . he stand blink , try to figure out what the hell just happen . pure , dumb luck . beginner 's luck . as he stand here , the door to the rv open behind he . dupree stumble out , pull off he gas mask . half he face be swollen like a balloon , but he ' 1ll recover . dupree wander over , stand next to Walt . daze silence . dupree what happen ..? onod toward the rv ) w- what have you do ? Walt be weirdly matter - of -fact . walt Red phosphorus , when heat be apply ... oxidize and yield carbonyl chloride . phosgene gas . one good whiff of it ... he shrug , trail off . fold at the waist and throws up . dupree stand stare at nothing in particular . Walt rise , wipe he mouth . he pick up he wallet and camcorder . walt gotta . gotta clean this up . gotta ... bury ... he slowly wander back to the winnebago . dupree follow he . off we two new partner , who have only barely survive they first week together ... dissolve to : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 56. int . white house - kitchen - night late . light be off . skyler and walter , Jr. have go to bed . Walt stand at the kitchen sink , wash krazy - 8 's cash in Dawn dishwash liquid . wash off the toxic chemical . he give a involuntary shudder . he squeeze shut he eye , which be tear up . tonight 's a night he 's never go to forget -- whether he life two year or two hundred . int . white house - garage - night black frame . a ding , then a door open -- revealing we be inside the clothes dryer , look out . dry twenty dollar bill flutter around . weary Walt reach in and grab they by the fistful . Walt quickly count the money . eight thousand and change . Walt jam it in a shoebox , snap a rubber band around it . remember something , he reach in he pocket ... «»- and pull out the tiny camcorder tape . on it , we /o 1l remember , be the confession to he family . he do not destroy the tape . he think about it , then drop it into the shoebox full of cash . Walt stand tiptoe on a chair , tuck the box way up in the garage rafter . look haunt , like hell warm over , he climb down and exit , turn off the light . darkness . int . white house - master bedroom — night skyler lie in bed , alone and awake . we be on she as we hear the door open . quiet footstep . clothes come off . Walt gingerly climb into bed , not want to wake he wife . he lie motionless , stare up at the ceiling . a torrent of thought rush through he head . finally : skyler where be you ? Walt do not answer . skyler turn he way , stare at he . skyler Walt , I do not know what be go on with you lately -- walt nothing . I be fine . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 57 . skyler -- whatever it be , I '1 ll1 tell you this . I do not like it when you do not talk to I . the worst thing you can do be shut I out . walt I be ... I understand . I be fine . she stare at he in the darkness . he stare at she . a strange feel come over he . it 's relief to be alive , mix with dread that life will not last . it 's fear of be catch . it 's the thrill -- for once -- of take risk . it 's excitement , in many different form . and since he can not talk about it , there 's only one way to let it out . Walt kiss he wife . passionately . skyler Walt ... he keep kissing she . gently roll she so that she back be to he . out of sight under the cover , he fumble with she panty , pull they down . surprise as hell , skyler nonetheless allow it . she feel around behind she . skyler oh my God . be that you ? it sure be . the mighty oak . Walt enter she -- skyler 's eye pop wide , and we CUT to black . over the sound of heavy breathing and the squeak - squeak -squeaking of bed spring ... «+» fade up credit . the end script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library