breathe by William nicholson double White revision - August 18 2016 Tan revision - August 2 2016 cherry revision - July 28 2016 salmon revision - July 26 2016 buff revision - July 15 2016 goldenrod revision - July 11 2016 Green revision - July 8 2016 yellow revision - July 5 2016 pink revision - June 28 2016 Blue revision - June 26 2016 White draft - June 2 2016 1a breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 1. black screen 1 the sound of air hiss through a machine at regular interval . almost like breathe , but not quite . at the end of each breath a faint click , then the hiss again . open title run superimpose caption : June 1957 ext . english countryside - day 1a flying over England , the green roll chiltern hill , over woodland and village and country house . the camera find a handsome manor house . in the field by the house , a cricket match be in full swing . ext . cricket field -— day 2 moving Pov - a blur of tree trunk . railing round a pavilion terrace . glimpsis of woman drink tea on a sunny English afternoon . sound of a cricket match in progress . the unknown watcher be on the move , try for a better vantage point . now at last he catch a clear sighting of - diana , a beautiful young woman , 22 year old , dark hair , calm manner . she 's seat on the pavilion terrace , surround by other but look as if she 's alone . a young man , tommy , be clearly try to talk to she , one hand nervously fiddling with he straw hat as he do so . diana seem unaware of he existence . some other figure cross the line of vision , obscure she . the moving Pov shift again . this time the watcher get a even better view of she . robin ( 0.s. ) dear God . what - be - that ? on robin cavendish , stare . a good-look 25 - year-old , dress in crickete white , wear pad . with he , also in white , he friend colin campbell . colin campbell not a chance . robin ( gaze at diana ) how so ? colin campbell she 's a famous heart - breaker . breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 2 . robin do you know she ? colin campbell I know she brother . a glance towards two young man watch the cricket , identical twin blogg and david blacker . they too be watch diana , amused by Tommy 's utter failure to attract diana 's attention . they be mimick the way he hand fiddle with he hat . Robin 's gaze turn from the twin back to diana . the sound of a wicket be take , and the clap of the spectator . robin she 's gorgeous . colin campbell no one 's ever get near . Martin propose twice . robin would you marry Martin ? I would not . but I would marry I . colin campbell and I be sure you would be very happy together , Robin . robin the thing be , I be run out of time . I leave for nairobi on July 15th . I need a wife . it 's now he turn to bat . smiling , confident , he stride out to the crease . ext . cricket pitch - day 3 Robin prepare to face the bowler . he glance back at diana on the pavilion terrace : he 's go to make she notice he . but diana 's only half - watch . she 's bored . Tommy have give up . the ball hurtle towards Robin . he step forward , smashes the ball with a sweeping off-drive . it sail over the pavilion for a glorious six . a cheer go up . diana be chat to a girlfriend . she do not even notice Robin 's triumph . breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 3 . ext . pavilion , cricket field - day 4 Robin with a cup of tea in he hand move past team mate and supporter , accept congratulation as he go . he 's head for diana . she sit stare far away at nothing . still bored . he come to a stop beside she . she do not register he presence . he drink he tea , watch she . robin I know you can see I . diana turn she lazy gaze to take he in . diana I be sorry ? robin I do not believe you be half as bored as you look . diana do I look bored ? I do not mean to . robin cricket 's a lot more fun to play than to watch . diana yes . I suppose it be . robin like life , you might say . diana might you ? a older friend , harry tennyson , come up to diana . Harry be very overweight , and just walk get he out of breath . harry tennyson we be off . if you want a lift it 's now or never . diana get up . diana I be ready . robin will you be at the baring 's bash on Saturday ? diana I might be . breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 4 . robin maybe see you there . diana maybe . she go off with Harry . Robin watch she go , but she do not give a backward glance . scene deleted int . london ballroom - night moving Pov - through the throng of guest at the ball : glimpsis of diana , stun in a formal gown . on she lovely face the same air of not see the bustle round she ; of live in some other private world . Robin , smart in he formal evening clothes , track she with he eye . he move steadily towards she . she turn , catch he gaze . hold the look for a moment , then turn away . he reach she . she show no sign of notice he . robin I could ask you to dance . you could say you do not feel like dance right now . I could say , next time , maybe . and I could saunter away . diana you could saunter away . robin or I could just not ask . that 's unexpected . she look at he , unsure what he mean . he take she hand and pull she onto the dance floor . she 's too take by surprise to resist . before she know what 's happen they be dance . he dance very well . she let he lead she , look at he with a amused quizzical look . she like dance with he . scene deleted ext . country road / wide english view - day Robin 's batter old sport car bowl along a empty country road . diana sit beside Robin . in car -— breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 5 . diana so where be we go ? robin I think maidenhead . I know a rather jolly pub by the river . the car turn off into a lane that wind up a hill between tree , to come to a stop face a giant vista of roll countryside . Robin 's favourite view . diana this do not look like a jolly pub by the river . robin no . we seem to have miss we way . diana what a surprise . robin lucky I pack a bottle of wine and a pork pie . diana good Lord , be that the time ? she reach for the car door handle . there be no car door handle . diana how do you open the door ? robin you do not . diana but I want to get out . robin no you do not . diana do not I ? robin you want to kiss I . diana what make you think I want to - he pull she towards he and kiss she . no aggression , but nor do he give she any choice in the matter . breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 6 . for a moment she accept the kiss passively . then she start to kiss he back . then she start to kiss he with real passion . ext . garden , blacker house - day 9 the grounds of diana 's family home . diana sit on a swing attach to a branch of a tree . she 's slowly twist herself round and round , wind the two rope above she . at she foot on the grass lie she brother , blogg and David . blogg ( to diana ) you hardly know the little man . david ( to blogg ) would you say he 's littler than we ? the two brother eye each other , as if make the mental comparison . blogg not much in it . david ( to diana ) have he get any money at all ? blogg it 's not like you do not have other option . david what happen to Hugh ? do not he have a castle in Scotland ? blogg mind you , who would want to live in Scotland ? david she 's talk about go to live in kenya , for God 's sake ! blogg diana , please stop go round and round and concentrate . this be you future life we be talk about . david you future happiness . diana stop twirling . her foot on the ground hold the swing steady . 9 a 9b 9c 10 11 breathe - Tan revision - 2 August 2016 7. diana the thing be , I just know this be it . she lift she foot and the swing spin she round and round , skirt fly , as the rope unwind . ext . kenya 9a we find ourselves fly through a magnificent gorge ravine . the searing heat of the bright African light upon we . we fly over tree and waterfall , ahead of we a tower mountain . into frame drop a Tiger moth biplane , fly away from we . its pilot unknown . ext . kenya 9b the biplane , now a tiny speck , fly along a massive cliff wall and circle over the plane below . ext . kenya 9c the biplane come in to land . as it taxi and stop , the engine cut . the pilot climb out of the cockpit , raise he goggle , revealing that it be in fact robin . he help diana down . ext . BUSH road , kenya - day 10 tracking past red earth , field of sugar cane , banana grove . a landrover jolt down the dusty road . in the landrover Robin and diana sit side by side , bronze and beautiful . now tracking past thick bush - the view from the landrover as it head into deep country - the sound of crashing in the tree - a elephant lumber out into the track just ahead , frighteningly close . the moving Pov screech to a halt . the elephant continue across the track , follow by another , and another . in the landrover diana sit very still , captivate by the sight . Robin have he camera out , take photograph . the herd of elephant pass in front of and behind they vehicle , thrillingly close . scene deleted 11 12 13 breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 scene deleted ( move to 15a ) scene deleted ( move to 15b ) 12 13 14 breathe - salmon revision - 26 July 2016 9 . ext . BUSH , kenya - day 14 Robin and diana be out walk in the bush with they friend colin campbell , Dr don mcqueen , mary dawnay and katherine baring , all young people of they own age . they're on the lookout for wild animal . both Robin and Colin carry gun . the woman walk behind . Robin be entrance by the immense view . katherine what be it you actually do out here , Robin ? robin I be a tea broker . I get tea and I break it . it 's very skilled work . katherine and what do diana do while you be off broke ? robin she come too . mary dawnay my God ! that 's almost indecent . diana I like it . really . mary dawnay God give man job to do so woman could get a little time to themselves . diana I like be with Robin . he 's really quite bearable . colin campbell I can not see it myself . it 's alla mystery to I . don mcqueen what Colin mean be , how on earth do Robin manage to nab diana ? mary dawnay oh we have all like to know that . diana I do not know . how do you , darling ? robin it 's very simple , really . diana be bone idle . she hate have to make decision . ( more ) breathe - salmon revision - 26 July 2016 9aa . robin ( cont 'd ) she have no idea what she think about anything . so I tell she what to think , and I make all the decision , and she 's happy as Larry . right , darling ? diana if you say so . breathe - salmon revision - 26 July 2016 9a -9b . 14a scene deleted 14a 14b scene deleted 14b breathe - salmon revision - 26 July 2016 10 . 14 '' ext . ngong hill , kenya - evening 14 c¢ the young people be gather round a campfire in a grove of fever tree , share a picnic supper . diana lie with she head on Robin 's lap . Robin hold up he hand to ask for silence . nothing but the sound of dusk . robin you hear that ? colin campbell what ? I do not hear a thing . robin that 's just it . it 's like the dawn of creation . mary dawnay the dusk of creation , you mean . colin campbell watch out , Robin . Africa do funny thing to people . ( to diana ) have he start talk to God ? diana not exactly talk . but Robin and God be quite chummy . don mcqueen you need faith to survive out here . mary dawnay how can you say that , Don ? and you a doctor . don mcqueen oh , I believe in the power of the mind . do you hear about the African prisoner on kome Island ? during the mau - mau rebellion ? there be sixty of they cramme into a small tin hut . prison officer would not let they out . the mau - mau leader say , very well , I give my man permission to die . next morning all sixty be dead . robin how ? don mcqueen mind power . they choose to die . turned they face to the wall and die . breathe - salmon revision - 26 July 2016 10a . diana what a waste of mind power . I would have choose to live . colin campbell quite right . thats a sensible woman you have get there , Robin . do not lose she . robin I will try not to . he bend down and kiss she . 15 15 a breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 11 . scene deleted 15 int . tea plantation office , mombasa - day ( prev sc12 ) 15 a the shady office of a tea warehouse . drying tea plant hang over the window , filter the bright light . diana sit fan herself with a sale document at one end . Robin be inspect the tea with a white estate manager . estate manager the Dark amber be as good as you will get this year . take a sniff of that . Robin smell the crumble leaf . a black servant bring a tray of tea - pot and three cup - and set it down beside diana . estate manager this one 's milima estate . more subtle fragrance , but it have not get the depth . Robin smell the second type . robin what do you drink ? estate manager oh , I drink nairobi chai . but it 's too black for the home market . the estate manager cross to the teapot beside diana . he smell the tea in the pot , and pour . estate manager we do not usually get wife on this buy trip , Mrs cavendish . diana it 's Robin 's business . I want to know about it . estate manager secret of a happy marriage , eh ? never let hubby out of you sight . diana blink at this . the estate manager be quite unaware of he crassness . he show Robin the tea in the cup . estate manager you see the golden colour of the liquor ? that 's top grade . top price . pure blonde . diana gentlemen prefer blond . 15 B breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 11a . estate manager I be sorry ? to Robin 's amusement , diana answer with a perfectly straight face - diana diamond be a girl 's best friend . ext . kenya road - day ( prev . scene 13 ) 15 B Robin and diana drive back to nairobi in they landrover . they sing as they go . robin / diana ( sing ) time roll on and youth be go and you can not straighten up when you bend - robin ( sing ) but stiff back or stiff knee - diana ( sing ) you stand straight at tiff ’ny 's ! robin / diana ( sing ) diamond be a girl 's best friend ! wide - the landrover drive on as night descend . in car - diana I have get news . robin oh ? diana it 's a frightful bore . I shall never be able to have fun again . he throw a quick glance at she , worried . robin tell I . diana I be go to have a baby . Robin slam on the brake . breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 11b . wide - the car have come to a stop by the side of the road as it curve round a escarpment . Beyond , the vast expanse of Africa . in the car - Robin sit motionless for a moment . then he turn to diana , he face radiating happiness . diana somebody 's pleased . robin yes . diana very pleased ? robin best news I have have since I propose and you say yes . diana you do not propose . robin do not I ? diana you say you have to get marry before go out to Africa or you would go native . robin but you do say yes , do not you ? diana apparently I do . 16 scene deleted ( now part of 15b ) 16 16 a 17 18 19 breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 12. ext . african BUSH panorama - night 16 a a portable record player on the landrover be play a scratchy record : the song be ' true Love 's from ' High Society 's . Robin have diana in he arm , and they be dance , alone on the high ridge , with the great view stretch out below they in the moonlight . singer sun-tan wind-blown honeymooner at last alone oh , how lucky we be ! Robin and diana be dance slowly , smile at each other . Robin know the word and anticipate the sung line - robin I give to you - singer I give to you - robin and you give to I - singer and you give to I - robin true love - singer true love , true love so on and on it will always be scene deleted 17 scene deleted 18 19 scene deleted 20 21 breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 13. ext . terrace , government house - day 20 the wide shade terrace of a grand colonial building . Katherine baring and Mary dawnay doze in the shade . diana read a novel . she 's now very pregnant . Governor evelyn baring come out and stand on the terrace , look towards a distant tennis game . evelyn baring Robin thrashing Colin again ? his wife molly baring appear behind he . molly baring come on . we will be late . they go . the thwack of tennis ball . diana look up to glimpse the distant game . ext . tennis court , government house - day 21 Robin be play tennis with Colin Campbell . he 's lose . Colin serve . Robin 's return hit the net . colin campbell game ! he throw he racket high into the air , whooping with triumph . robin Hell of a serve , col . I never know you be that good . colin campbell first game I have have off you in my life . how about one more ? robin no. I x11 quit while I be still stand . they leave the court . colin campbell God , that feel good ! so this be what it 's be like to be you all this year . breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 14 . robin enjoy it while it last , old chum . they come in sight of the lawn by the terrace , and burst into laughter . Katherine baring and Mary dawnay be attempt the latest craze - the hula hoop . Mary be good , swinging with she hip , make the hoop spin . a small crowd of friend look on and applaud . Black servant grin from the terrace . Katherine be not so good . she step out of she hoop as Robin and Colin join they . katherine baring God , I be useless . mary dawnay ( swinging away ) it 's all in the hip . Robin take the drop hoop and step into it . diana look on , smile . mary dawnay robin’1l be a natural . you see . Robin spin the hoop , start swinging he hip , but he can not get the knack . robin harder than it look . mary dawnay just imagine you be jiving . Robin try again . diana look on , smile , one hand on she bump . Robin stagger slightly as he swing he hip . the hoop drop to the ground again . robin too much tennis . he turn to diana . she 's not smile any more : watch he , puzzle . he grin , move towards she , give he body a shake as if to wake it up . robin I need a drink . Colin have pick up the abandon hoop and be spin it with great success . colin campbell I have get it . it 's easy ! look at this ! Robin ! I be do it ! breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 15 . Robin turn to look , smile . he feel he leave arm with he right hand . diana you all right , darling ? robin yes , fine . so what 's the plan ? diana I have ask Thomas to run I home . Don 's come round to prod I . robin ( feel he arm ) maybe he should give I a prod while he 's at it . diana be you sure you be all right ? robin I think it 's get to I , watch you and you bump . make my joint ache . diana I nil do my own aching , thank you very much . he kiss she . robin you get on home . I have get a meeting first thing . i’1l bunk here . int . bedroom , government house - night 22 a plainly - furnish adc 's bedroom . Robin sit on the bed in pyjamas , feel one arm . sweat on he brow . he get up and go out into the passage . knock on a door . Colin Campbell appear in the doorway , wake from sleep . robin sorry , col . I be not feel so good . colin campbell you look ghastly . robin my arm be give I gyp . Colin suddenly see that Robin 's in intense pain . 23 24 240 a breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 16 . int . nairobi hospital - night 23 Robin lie on a hospital bed surround by medical staff . Dr Don mcqueen be run check . Colin Campbell look on from behind . Robin be now shiver with fever . don mcqueen lift you right arm . nothing . don mcqueen Left arm . nothing . don mcqueen leg . Robin try to move he leg and can not . it 's scary . robin can not move . what 's happen ? his voice come out with difficulty . robin can not - breathe - don mcqueen get ice ! crushed ice be pack round Robin 's body by nurse , move fast . Robin lie , eye open , breathe with difficulty . don mcqueen he 's lose it . we have to get he on a respirator . moving with Robin 's bed as it 's wheeled fast down a hospital corridor . Robin breathe in agonise wheeze . Don mcqueen and Colin walk beside he . don mcqueen have to get oxygen into you somehow . look like we be go to have to smash we way in . scene deleted 24 int . nairobi hospital - night 24 a close shot - a scalpel slice into Robin 's throat . the tracheotomy in action . 25 26 27 breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 17 . scene deleted 25 int . isolation ward , nairobi hospital - day 26 diana 's Pov enter the ward - a bed with curtain round it . a large respirator beside it . the machine wheeze and click with a regular rhythm . the sound we have hear before , now identify . the nurse go ahead of she and draw back the curtain . there lie Robin , on he back , with a tube come out of he neck . the moving Pov come closer - go round the bed - Robin lie utterly still but for he eye , which strain to see . he look just the same as ever , but for this spooky immobility . diana hello , darling . he look back at she , unmove . diana can I kiss he ? don mcqueen yes . she bend over he , kiss he . then she sit down by the bed . her eye have never leave robin' . his face twitches . his lip move : he 's try to mouth word . diana watch , pay close attention , begin to work out what he 's say . diana ' bit 's - don mcqueen the air can not reach the larynx any more . that 's why he can not talk . diana watch Robin 's lip : work it out . diana he say , ' bit of a bugger . 's scene deleted 27 28 29 breathe - pink revision - 28 June 2016 18. ext . verandah , nairobi hospital - day 28 Don mcqueen stand at a chart show a cutaway view of the body , explain to diana and Colin Campbell what have happen . diana , very pregnant , sit on a chair . don mcqueen you inhale the virus from droplet in the air , the same way you catch a cold . it pass into the blood stream , into the central nervous system , and attack a group of big cell in the spinal cord . the anterior horn cell . this be the cell that control the voluntary muscle system . the result be you become like a rag doll . you can not move anything from the neck down . you can not even breathe for yourself . he stop . silence , while they take it in . diana how long will he be like this ? don mcqueen the paralysis be irreversible . a good respiration system will maintain life for a while . we be talk a matter of month . diana take this in in silence . colin campbell do it affect he brain ? don mcqueen not at all . mentally he 's as alert as ever . he can move some facial muscle , as you have see . his digestive system 's unaffected . diana look up . diana can he feel I if I touch he ? don mcqueen yes . he can still feel . int . isolation ward , nairobi hospital - day 29 diana sit beside Robin 's bed , one hand reach out . she 's stroking he face very slowly . he have he eye close . 30 31 breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 19 . the machine hiss and click beside they . the tube carry air to he throat twitches . on diana - she 's not weep . she 's just hurt so deeply she can hardly move . ext . verandah , government house , nairobi - day 30 the Governor , Evelyn baring , and Colin Campbell , look on in silence as Molly baring sit with diana , hold she hand . molly baring tell I what we can do . diana can not answer . molly baring do you want to go home ? diana after the baby 's bear . molly baring what about Robin ? diana him too . molly baring you do know ? she look round to she husband to say what she can not bring herself to say . evelyn baring I have see enough people paralyse by polio before . the mercy of it be , they do not last long . diana nod . molly baring it 's no kind of life . diana nod . Colin look down . he can hardly bear this . int . hospital room - night 31 on diana - her head on a pillow , she eye close . she turn she head from side to side . her face crease with pain . no sound . she seem to be asleep , perhaps have a bad dream . then she suffer intensify . she bang she head from side to side , she mouth open in a silent scream , sweat glisten on she brow . it must be a hideous nightmare . 32 33 34 breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 20 . then she jerk up , she eye open , the pain unbearable . it burst from she in a scream of agony . diana aaa-aaah ! wide - full sound . we now see we be in a maternity ward in nairobi . midwive and nurse cluster round the bed . a pool of light on the lower part of the bed , obscure by they busy activity . a baby be be bear . int . isolation ward , nairobi hospital - day 32 moving Pov tracking down the bright corridor as before , past the screen sway in the breeze . through door and outer room . the moving Pov enter Robin 's room and approach he bed . Robin gaze at camera . diana hold the tiny baby for he to see . the baby gaze back just as gravely at Robin . on robin - he gaze at the baby for a moment longer . then he close he eye . diana hold the baby against Robin 's unmove cheek . a kind of contact for a moment . then she take he away . she watch Robin in silence . kiss she baby 's cheek . no movement from Robin . his eye stay close . the respirator fill the silence with its hiss and click . scene deleted 33 ext . raf lyneham - day 34 a transport plane have just land . the cargo door be open and a tricky unload operation be under way . Robin cavendish be be hoist out of the plane , strapped to a stretcher . a big battery power respirator be be unload alongside he . a ambulance wait to receive he . medics , raf personnel and ground crew be gather round . medic easy now . take it slowly . keep some slack in the tube . that 's more like it . down you come . they get the stretcher onto the tarmac . now the respirator have to be man-handle into the ambulance . 35 36 breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 21 . medic ( to Robin ) disconnect you for a moment . on robin - the sound of the respirator cease . he be no longer breathe . he take it calmly , but for we the wait be unnerve . we hear the grunt and scrape as the big respirator be heave into the ambulance , and the sound of wire be clipped back into place . then Robin 's stretcher be on the move , into the ambulance . the respirator start up . the tube be replace in he throat . Robin breathes again . his eye close . scene deleted 35 int . lobby , oxford hospital - day 36 diana sit wait with tid , she former nanny , call out of retirement to help . a proud and capable woman . the pram stand between they . a young pakistani doctor , dr khan , approach . dr khan Mrs cavendish ? diana yes . dr khan I be really sorry . this be not a good time . we have have to medicate you husband . perhaps you could come back tomorrow . diana I do not mind if he 's asleep . I would just like to see he . dr khan I do not think it 's a good idea . diana I be sorry . I do not understand . the doctor hesitates . dr khan you know , with this sort of thing the morale can drop pretty low at time . you husband be go through a temporary depression . 37 38 39 breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 22 . diana I would still like to see he . dr khan I be so sorry . he do not want to see you . diana stare : shocked . int . ward , oxford hospital - day 37 Robin lie in he hospital bed , link to he respirator . it hiss and click as it pump away . slow move in on Robin . he lie with he eye open , look up at nothing , tear seeping down he cheek . int . hallyway , oxford hospital - evening 38 diana be on she way out of the hospital , with she baby in he pram , accompany by tid . diana I will be able to manage from now on , tid . it 's not fair to ask you to do this . tid I do not see why not . I look after you when you be a baby , do not I ? diana the thing be , we be not very well off , I be afraid . we have get some savings , but there 's not a lot come in . tid do not you worry about that . you family 's my family , really . it 's nice to be back . int . ward , oxford hospital - day 39 track into the ward . six bed , each one surround by medical apparatus , each one link to a respirator , each one hiss and click as it pump away . this sound , a syncopate rhythm of overlap beat , fill the air . diana 's brother , blogg and David , sit on either side of Robin 's bed . Robin be laboriously mouth word . blogg be struggle to understand . breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 23 . blogg sorry . I be not be very clever here . Robin try again . he 's mouth three word . blogg catch the lips-together form of a m . blogg mmm . ' mum 's ? david why would he say ' mum 's ? blogg maybe he want to see he mum . david ( watch Robin ) ma? moo ? me? Robin mouth ' yes '. david ' I . 's Robin go back to mouth he three word . blogg eh. me. aye. david eh. ' get 's - be the first word '' get ' ? blogg or ' let ’? david ' let - I - lie ’? blogg he be lie . sorry , Robin . you must think we be awful chump . Robin mouth again . David suddenly get it . david ' let I die . 's Robin close he eye , sink back exhaust . blogg let I die . david well , that 's pretty bloody final , I must say . 40 breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 24 . ext . oxford - day 40 diana walk through Oxford lane with she brother blogg and David . student rattle past on bike , dodging they as they go . diana be put on a good face , refuse to be sorry for herself . blogg diana , darling . how can we help ? diana oh , I shall manage . blogg how be you off for money ? diana I have get my share of what mother leave we . that will keep we go for a while . david talk to Robin be rather like one of that ghastly party game where you do not know the rule . diana it be clever of you to get he to say anything at all . blogg come to a stop . blogg what he say be , ' let I die 's . diana meet blogg 's eye . give nothing away . diana well , we can not , can we ? as they resume they progress down the lane - david do you mean we can not even think such a thing , or we do not know how to do it ? diana both , I suppose . blogg make no odd , really . I have a sort of a word with the consultant . he would not hear of it . 4l breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 25 . david not what they do . blogg he say it 's not a good way to go . several minute of agony . diana no . I do not want that . blogg of course not . david on the other hand , you have a life too . blogg you be allow to think of yourself . int . ward , oxford hospital - day 41 diana sit by Robin 's bed with she baby on she lap . Robin lie with he eye open , but he 's not look at either of they . the baby be fascinate by the rise and fall of the respirator . diana he could not go on have no name . I decide to call he Jonathan . I hope that 's all right . no response from Robin . diana watch he in silence . dr entwistle now join they accompany by he entourage , which include Dr Khan . he check he note . speak in professionally cheerful tone . dr entwistle well , Mrs cavendish . we do have some progress to report . diana progress ? dr entwistle we be learn to swallow again . diana we be ? dr entwistle it 's more significant than it sound . ( more ) 42 breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 26 . dr entwistle ( cont 'd ) at present we have a inflate cuff round we tracheotomy tube , to stop food or drink go down we windpipe . if we can swallow again , the cuff can be remove , and air can get to the larynx . then we will be able to talk again . diana take this in . diana might there be other progress too ? dr entwistle this be about as good as it 's go to get , I be afraid . ( to Robin ) how be we this morning ? Robin stare back at he in silence . diana we wish we be dead . a twitch in Robin 's face . be it a ghost of a smile ? dr entwistle ( not listen ) good , good . Dr entwistle move on . he can be hear at the next bed , speak breezily to another paralyse patient , paddy . paddy , a 40 - year-old ex-soldier , be on a respirator like Robin . dr entwistle good morning to you , paddy . tick along as usual , I see . ext . oxford hospital garden - day 42 diana sit on a rug in this open quadrangle , a area of bald grass , watch over baby Jonathan as he wriggle on he tummy beside she . tid be pour cup of tea for they from a thermos flask . diana 's face be turn away from we . baby Jonathan manage a short burst of crawl . tid there 's a young lad who will be on the move before we know it . diana turn to she . now we see the strain on she face . breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 27 . diana he never look at he , tid . he can not bear even to look at he . tid you do not know that . diana yes , I do . I know everything he 's think . each time I go there I hope he 'il have change . but he can not bear to look at he own son . tid I love my home , but when I leave , I could not turn and look back . I love it too much . diana oh , tid . the baby make gurgle noise . tid there . listen to he . he will be talk soon . 43 scene deleted 43 44 breathe - pink revision - 28 June 2016 28 . int . ward , oxford hospital - night 44 on robin - see through a gap in the curtain that surround he bed . nurse margaret , a smiley friendly young woman , be raise Robin in a hoist , remove a use bedpan , wiping he bottom . diana be on the other side of the curtain , watch every move . Robin be lower back onto he bed . nurse margaret let 's give you a suck , shall we ? she take the breathe tube out of Robin 's neck and insert a suction tube . a glugging sound as the fluid in he lung be draw out into a container . diana , watch , hold she breath . the breathe tube be re-inserted , and Robin breathes again . so do diana . nurse Margaret make he tidy . nurse margaret all comfy now ? she pull the curtain open . paddy 's eye follow the nurse with admiration . breathe - pink revision - 28 June 2016 29 . diana move forward so that she 's on Robin 's eye-line . diana they tell I you have be learn to talk . Robin gaze at she . his lip move , prepare to talk . then , slowly , slurring every growly word -— robin I be ... sorry . diana that 's not what I want to hear . robin you ... be ... so ... lovely . diana smile . diana better . Robin gaze at she a moment longer . then he eye close . diana reach out one hand and stroke he head , he face . just sit there stroking he . 45 scene deleted 45 46 scene deleted 46 47 int . ward , oxford hospital - day 47 the hospital chaplain be visit Robin , sit close , murmure he professional consolation . chaplain a old priest I know once , a very holy man , he use to say , ' that God love most he allow to suffer most . 's Robin lie , eye open , gaze up at the ceiling . breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 30 . chaplain we can not know the mind of God . we can only know that whatever happen to we be somehow part of he plan . Robin make a noise that might be a reply . chaplain I be sorry , I miss that . robin ( indistinct ) closer . chaplain what 's that you say ? robin closer . chaplain yes . right . he move he ear so that it 's near Robin 's lip . Robin spit in the chaplain 's ear . it 's a feeble attempt at a spit , but unmistakable . paddy , in the next bed , see it . the chaplain stand . he take out a handkerchief , wipe he ear . chaplain yes . well . I x11 be move on . he leave Robin 's bedside , glance round to see if anyone else see what happen , and leave . paddy speak so Robin can hear . paddy that be grand . Robin can see paddy out of the corner of he eye . he raise one eyebrow . paddy I be think you be not a believer . robin believer in what ?... God 's a joke . paddy no , pal . God 's a joker . look at the pig 's mickey he 's make of you and I . Robin grin at that . 48 49 50 51 52 breathe - double White - 18 August 2016 31 . robin how do you live like this ? paddy you get use to it . robin what if I do not ? paddy there 's always a way out . he indicate the empty bed opposite . paddy like Pete there get out . his own private box . scene deleted 48 scene deleted 49 int . ward , oxford hospital / robin 's bedroom , government 50 house - night close up on robin - in bed , apparently in Oxford Hospital . pull back to reveal - Robin in the bedroom at government House where he become ill . pull back further - he have a tube run into a throat tracheotomy . Robin awake , look confuse , pull out he tube , lean forward and look out , desperately in search of diana . scene deleted 51 int . ward , oxford hospital - day 52 robin 's Pov - a window be curtain draw back . Bright light of day . out of the brightness the image of diana form . she 's come to visit he . for a few moment he gaze at she in silence . robin why do you keep on come ? diana do not answer at once . it 's a fair question . % + eh breathe - pink revision - 28 June 2016 31a . diana I do not really know . breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 32 . robin I be no damn use to you ... you should leave I to rot . diana it would not look very good . Robin twitches a smile at that . diana and apparently I love you . robin not this ... you can not love this . diana apparently I can . robin I do not want you to ... it make it harder for I . diana yes . I can see that . you have rather just pack it in , I know . robin bloody machine keep on breathe for I . diana so it look as if you be go to have to stick around for a while . robin sorry about that . diana I be not sorry . I have like Jonathan to know you . his face twitches . she scratch the itch for he . diana and maybe I can make life a little better for you . he look at she . she stroke he face and head . robin it 's only duty . diana yes , all right . we know all about that . everything be as bad as it could be . ( more ) 53 breathe - goldenrod revision - 11 July 2016 33 - diana ( cont 'd ) but I can not go on come in here and have you say you wish you be dead . you be not dead , and that 's that . Robin stare at she . this be a new diana . diana there must be something I can do to make thing more bearable . beat . robin get I out of here . he know it 's impossible as he say it . but diana 's think : maybe that 's the only way ... ext . furlong - day 53 diana stand outside a big crumble house , gaze at it in dismay . beside she stand its owner , mr tolland , a elderly man as decrepit as the house . mr tolland I will be sad to go , of course , after all this year . but since muriel die I can not seem to get on top of thing . thing can run away with you , you know . diana it need a lot of work . be the roof sound ? Mr tolland cast a melancholy eye on the roof . mr tolland some of it . diana why be some of the window brick up ? mr tolland ah , yes . that be my room , you see . muriel say it save so much on the heating bill . diana gaze up at the unpromising prospect . then she draw a deep breath . diana it 's a lot of work , but I think it might just about do . ( more ) breathe - goldenrod revision - 11 July 2016 33 - diana ( cont 'd ) I can not pay twelve thousand , of course . or anywhere near . mr tolland I would take eleven . or even ten . diana all I can manage be seven . mr tolland Seven ? diana Cash . and you have be rid of the place for ever . and muriel . Mr tolland 's face crease into a slow smile . 53a scene deleted 53a breathe - goldenrod revision - 11 July 2016 33A . 54 int . dr entwistle 's office , oxford hospital - day 54 diana sit face the Dr entwistle , who be enthrone behind he desk . dr entwistle I be afraid it 's out of the question . I be sorry . diana have anyone try ? breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 34 . dr entwistle no one with you husband 's degree of disability , anywhere in the world , exist outside a hospital . diana seem not to be take this in . diana I have watch what the nurse do . if we can have a respirator at home I do not see why it would not work . Dr entwistle try to control he irritation . dr entwistle allow I to explain . you husband be only alive because a machine be breathe for he . if that machine should fail , in under two minute you husband would be dead . silence . dr entwistle forgive I if I speak plainly . have I make myself clear ? diana yes . 55 int . ward , oxford hospital - day 55 Robin be speak to paddy in a low voice . robin she 's up to something ... she 's scheme . paddy so what 's she plan ?... dig a tunnel for you to escape ? Dr Khan and nurse Margaret enter . Robin and paddy fall silent . nurse Margaret come to paddy 's bedside . nurse margaret how be you , paddy ? let 's make you comfortable , shall we ? breathe - pink revision - 28 June 2016 35 . she place a urine bottle for he . he start to pee . a look of ecstasy on he face . paddy aah ! piss ... best moment of the day . Dr Khan check Robin 's chart . diana enter and come to Robin 's bedside . she give Robin a kiss on the cheek . diana Morning , darling . Dr Khan give she a nod as he continue with he check . dr khan Mrs cavendish . nurse Margaret be now prepare to suck the fluid from Robin 's lung . diana look on . diana do you think I could do that ? nurse margaret I do not see why not . it 's just like a Hoover , really . breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 35a . diana watch as nurse Margaret switch off the respirator pump , remove the breathe tube , and insert the suction tube . nurse margaret here , give it a try . hold it like this . diana hold the tube . nurse Margaret switch on the pump . the tube give a jerk , and fluid gloops out . diana jump , unnerve . diana oh God ! please ! take it ! Dr Khan grin : it 's as he expect . nurse Margaret take over . diana watch the rest of the process closely . diana once I get use to it , I think I could manage . dr khan why would you want to manage , Mrs cavendish ? diana Robin ? diana Robin and I want to ask you , Dr Khan . can machine like that - ( the respirator ) - only work in hospital ? dr khan well , it 's just a machine , you know . you plug it in and it go . why do you ask ? diana Robin 's go to leave the hospital . Dr Khan be flabbergasted . dr khan impossible ! diana I think you mean inadvisable . dr khan you do have any idea of the risk ? diana yes . the risk be he might die . breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 35aaa . the suck be complete . the breathe tube go back in . Robin can speak again . diana turn to he . breathe - pink revision - 28 June 2016 35da . diana Robin ? robin I go on live here like this ... or I leave here and die . diana yes . robin what be we wait for ? breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 36 . 56 scene deleted 56 57 int . furlong - day 57 blogg and David stagger down the stair with a bed . blogg ( 0.s. ) no , you halfwit ! up ! I say up ! david ( 0.s. ) but we be go down . blogg ( 0.s. ) lift you end up to get the bloody thing down ! breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 37 . they manoeuvre the bed into the study . blogg Left ! left ! david I be go leave ! blogg then go right ! they get the bed into the study . blogg further over . we have to leave room for Robin 's bed . once it 's in place , they both sit down on it , side by side , and mop they brow . through the french window little Jonathan can be see out in the garden with tid . he 's play with a terrier puppy , benjy . david diana sleep in this bed ? blogg yes . david and Robin 's bed come here ? he indicate the space they have leave beside it . blogg that 's what she want . david surely robin’1l have a nurse . blogg no nurse . just diana . david what about - I mean - she can not be with he every minute of the day and night . she have to pee . tid speak from the doorway . tid she 's get I . 58 scene deleted 58 breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 38 . 59 scene deleted 59 5s9a int . ward , oxford hospital - night 5s9a the ward in darkness . the sound of the respirator form a weave of hiss in the wider silence . on robin - his eye be open , gaze up at nothing . paddy five pound say you will never make it . robin what do I get if I do ? paddy you get five . robin you be on . other patient in the ward overhear they . patient 1 thinks he 's get out . patient 2 some chance . patient 1 bloody nutter ! patient 2 like take candy from a baby . paddy whisper conspiratorially at patient 2 - paddy hush up and I x11 cut you in on my winning . 59 B 60 breathe - pink revision - 28 June 2016 39 . int . ward , oxford hospital - day 59 B Dr Khan and diana enter the ward , follow by nurse Margaret . they head for Robin 's bed . Dr Khan 's look round nervously . the other patient be all watch with interest . diana ( to Robin ) this be it . dr khan ( to Robin ) I be only permit this because you wife have take full responsibility for the consequence . you can still change you mind . robin I want to go . dr khan very well . ( to nurse ) you ready ? nurse Margaret nod . Dr Khan shift Robin 's respirator to a trolley . nurse Margaret unlock the bed 's wheel . paddy best of luck , pal . robin so long , paddy . i’1ll be back for my fiver . paddy watch as Robin 's bed be wheeled away . paddy I will miss you , pal . int . corridor , oxford hospital - day 60 a rumbling sound . double door open . diana peep out to see if the coast be clear . the door open wide to let robin 's hospital bed through , push by nurse Margaret . beside he roll the respirator on a trolley , push by Dr Khan . diana walk by the side of the bed , one hand on Robin 's arm . breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 39a . the procession pass through another set of double door . there ahead a grim figure loom into view . Dr entwistle . breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 40 . the bed and the trolley come to a stop under he wither stare . dr entwistle where do you think you be go ? diana we be take my husband home . dr entwistle you do not have my permission . robin be this a prison ?... be I you prisoner ? Dr entwistle do not register Robin at all . he address Dr Khan . dr entwistle what do you think you be do ? dr khan it 's the patient 's own wish , sir . he 's fully apprise of the risk . dr entwistle be the patient medically qualified ? take he back to the ward at once . robin diana . call the police ... tell they I be be hold against my will . now Dr entwistle take in Robin 's live presence . dr entwistle I be sorry . what do you say ? robin I be neither criminal nor insane ... you have no right to stop I leave this place . a long beat . Dr entwistle look from Robin to diana and back again . he 's very angry , but hide it under sarcastic courtesy . dr entwistle of course . be my guest . do as you please . he stand aside . the procession roll past . dr entwistle you will be dead in two week . 61 62 63 breathe - yellow revision - 5 July 2016 41 . scene deleted 61 ext . furlong - day 62 benjy on a lead hold by tid , with little Jonathan by she side . beside they , Colin Campbell , blogg blacker and Harry tennyson . a welcome committee for the ambulance as it pull up to furlong . the ambulance man roll Robin out of the ambulance . benjy yap . Jonathan watch eagerly . blogg how 's Robin cope ? diana so far , so good . Robin be disconnect from the respirator in the ambulance and stretcher into the house . he look round he as he go . robin 's Pov - grey stone wall . glimpsis of garden . Little Jonathan point at he , move alongside he . benjy bounce and yapping . int . furlong - day 63 Robin be carry down the hall and into he new room . here the ambulance man lift he onto a hospital bed , now place beside the other bed . diana insert the breathe tube attach to the new respirator . Robin breathes again . a tense few moment be over . diana be you all right , darling ? robin yes ... yes. blogg it actually work ? diana it work . blogg and Harry shake hand . diana , Colin , blogg and Harry gather round the bed . breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 42 . diana this be it . we new home . Robin look round as best as he can , roll he eye . diana how do you feel ? robin better . Colin be inspect the respirator . colin campbell what happen if there 's a power cut ? blogg you work it with a hand pump . harry nifty bit of kit . tid , Jonathan and benjy come in . diana pick Jonathan up so he can see Robin . diana there 's daddy . Little Jonathan gaze at Robin . Robin gaze back . the first time he 's acknowledge he existence . robin hello , Jonathan . benjy jump up onto the bed . he sniff at Robin , and give a little bark . Robin ' bark 's back . Jonathan burst into laughter . Robin smile . his first proper smile . 64 scene deleted 64 65 66 67 breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 43. int . robin 's room , furlong - night 65 Robin lie in the darkness with he eye open . the wheeze and clank of the breathe machine . widen to see the second bed alongside he bed . here diana lie , settling down to sleep . diana good night , darling . robin good night . diana 's hand reach out and feel its way to he face . she stroke he brow and cheek and lip . he kiss she finger . she lean across and touch she lip to he . scene deleted 66 int . robin 's room , furlong - day 67 jonathan be Pov - cross the room towards he father 's bed , loom above he . peer at the fascinating machine by the bed , that hiss to itself . Jonathan mimic the machine 's wheeze sound . benjy come trot in . Jonathan try to take benjy in he arm but the dog wriggle free . Jonathan topple over , try to get he back . as he scrabble about on the floor he pull unknowingly on the power cord . the respirator stop . Robin , helpless in bed , make a click noise in he mouth : he distress signal . Jonathan , entirely unaware of the crisis , chase after benjy . Dog and child run out of the room . Robin 's eye show he mount fear . he keep make the click noise . he can hear the radio play in the kitchen . a squeal of pain from Jonathan in the hall . diana ( 0.s. ) Jonathan ! be you all right ? the second be pass . Robin 's eye close . he stop make he noise . diana 's footstep in the hall . Jonathan whimper . 68 69 breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 44 , diana ( 0.s. ) it 's just a bump . no damage do . here , I will kiss it better . now at last she come into Robin 's room . diana Robin - oh my God ! she race for the machine , find the plug , push it back in . the regular hiss begin again . Robin open he eye . diana I be so sorry . I be so sorry . robin that be interesting . diana how do it happen ? robin Jonathan ... fell over ... just a accident . she put out one hand , still shaky from the shock , to stroke he cheek . the distant roar of a engine - ext . furlong - day 68 a pale blue mercede convertible sweep across the lawn in front of the house . in car - the driver be a big genial eccentric , teddy hall . on the passenger seat beside he in a cardboard box six bottle of wine rattle and clink . int . robin 's bedroom , furlong - day 69 teddy Hall work a corkscrew into a bottle of wine . Colin Campbell light two candle on a birthday cake . there 's a small party happen round Robin 's bed . diana have little Jonathan on she lap in he best clothes , while tid look on . Friends from kenya be here : Mary dawnay and Katherine baring . and of course blogg and David blacker . teddy hall best claret I have get . spend the war in my air raid shelter . pop ! out come the cork . teddy Hall fill the glass he 's also bring with he . breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 45 . blogg look like a good drop , teddy . teddy hall it be good . good wine deserve good glass . he give diana a glass - teddy hall for the lovely diana . and glass for the other . teddy hall Mary . Katherine . blogg . David . tid ? tid shake she head . tid no , no , not for I . diana tid only drink dubonnet . tid and only on my birthday . diana arrange Robin 's glass with a straw that he can reach . teddy raise he glass . teddy hall to Jonathan . happy birthday . all to Jonathan . on little jonathan - gazing back , enjoy the attention . diana ( to Jonathan ) now you blow out the candle . she help Jonathan blow out the candle . they all clap . Jonathan clap . diana start cut up the cake . teddy Hall study the respirator . Robin sip wine through a straw . robin I wonder what it would be like to get drunk ... give that I be legless already . breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 45a . teddy hall what you have to do with mechanical device be stress - test they . find they break point . blogg interesting experiment , teddy . of course , Robin would die . but you have probably be able to improve the machine . breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 46 . david all progress have its price . teddy Hall be too intrigue by the machine to hear this . teddy hall the weak link be the power supply . power can fail . power frequently fail . mary dawnay do stop it , teddy . teddy hall just hypothesise . blogg it be he job . david he 's a Oxford professor . he have not get a job . diana there 's nothing to worry about . it can be work by hand . mary dawnay what about in the night ? diana I be here . katharine baring but you have to sleep some time . diana if Robin need I , he wake I . blogg he make this noise , like a duck . he make a quacking sound . david more like a chicken . he make a cluck sound . Robin make he own click noise in he mouth . they all look at he . robin not much , be it ? I would rather have a bell . he see teddy Hall watch he closely . 70 71 72 breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 47 . teddy hall what can you move ? Robin move everything that move : mouth , tongue , eyebrow . blogg you can move you head . I have see you do it . teddy hold he palm on either side of Robin 's head . teddy hall move you head . Robin move he head . it 's such a small move it 's almost invisible . teddy hall I think I can have some fun with that . int . teddy hall 's workshop - day 70 the large workshop be cluttere with machine tool , part of clock , electrical device , and all sort of litter . in the midst of all this , teddy Hall be at work bodg up a padded lever connect to a bell . he 's set its sensitivity , make it so that a very slight pressure ring the bell . ext . garden , furlong - day 71 Little Jonathan race round and round the lawn , chase by benjy . tid sit on a garden chair read a detective novel . Jonathan 's push chair stand empty beside she . Jonathan charge up to the french window to Robin 's room and press he face to the window pane . he bang on the glass . int . robin 's room , furlong - day 72 Jonathan 's cheery little face outside the window , smile and bang . the eternal wheeze and clank of the respirator . Robin be in bed , study stock price , the Financial Times open on a rack before he . a heap of old copy of the Financial Times lie on the floor . he hear Jonathan bang and smile for he . then he wince . he move he head . we now see teddy Hall 's apparatus fix to the bedhead enable he to sound a bell . diana appear . breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 48 . diana bottle ? robin please . diana take a cloth - cover glass urine bottle from a table , draw back Robin 's bedclothes , and carefully arrange he so he can relieve himself . we hear the sound as he pee . robin you know the marconi share I buy ?... Justin 's hot tip ... they have almost double in price . diana I hope Justin get something out of it . robin of course he do ... he get the agreeable sensation of have help ... someone less fortunate than himself . diana poor Robin , paralyse for life . robin and he poor wife . I hear she 's a saint . they grin at each other a little guiltily : make fun of other people 's pity . a squeal of laughter outside , a burst of yapping . Robin look out of the french window . robin 's Pov - Jonathan have get hold of he push chair . he 's push it busily up and down the terrace , follow by benjy . he finish pee . diana remove the bottle , straighten the bed , head for the door . Robin watch little Jonathan racing he push chair on the terrace . 73 74 75 breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 49 . robin call teddy , darling ... I have have a idea . int . teddy hall 's workshop - day 73 close on a metal frame onto which have be bolt a electric motor and a bellow . a bicycle chain link the two . wire run to a 12 volt battery . teddy connect the lead and the motor turn . the chain drive , and the bellow rise and fall . a few turn and the chain fall off . teddy hall bugger . close shot - the motor 's position be adjust - the chain be tightened . a aircraft seat be bolt on . wheel for the contraption come off a bicycle . int . drawing room , furlong - day 74 close on a record player as the pick - up arm descend on a spin lp . the SOUND of trumpet : the Grand March from aida . ext . terrace , furlong - day 75 the french window to Robin 's room be wide open . to the sound of the Grand March , out come a strange procession . it 's lead by Robin , seat in a home - make wheelchair with a battery - operate pump . teddy Hall push the chair . diana walk alongside , watch closely to see that Robin 's breathe tube stay in , and that the pump keep pump . it make a gentler sound than the static respirator . tid and Jonathan and benjy follow behind . on the terrace a small crowd of friend applaud : blogg and David , Colin Campbell , Mary dawnay , Katherine baring , Harry tennyson . on robin - look a little alarmed at be lurched about - but thrilled to bit . the procession march round the terrace to the stir sound of verdi 's trumpet , and come to a stop in the midst of the crowd of smile friend . colin campbell there 'il be no stop he now . breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 50 . mary dawnay it 's terrifying . what if it break ? diana and teddy Hall study the respirator . it still seem to be work . diana ( to Robin ) how do it feel ? robin wonderful . teddy hall a little fast ? robin perhaps a little . teddy click the lever on the bicycle gear that regulate the chain . the machine pump a little more slowly . teddy hall better ? robin yes . blogg how long will the battery last ? teddy hall up to three hour , we think . harry tennyson be not this a case where a little more certainty would be appropriate ? teddy hall there 's a main lead too . robin teddy . you be a genius . teddy hall to be honest it all turn out to be pretty basic . I use a bicycle chain and sturmey archer gear . I do not know why it have not be do before . robin because you be not a doctor ... there 's no one to tell you it can not be do . 75 a breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 51 . int . oxford hospital - day 75a diana wheel Robin in he wheelchair into the hospital lobby . diana we have a appointment with Dr Khan . Robin cavendish , for he check -up . in hallway - diana wheel Robin down a hallway and into a ward . this be the same ward from which he escape , still occupy by many of the same paralyse patient on respirator . as diana wheel Robin between the bed , the patient stare . some be amaze , but some look confuse , even distress . Robin 's former neighbour paddy be grin all over he face . beside he stand nurse Margaret , also look on in wonder . Robin say to diana - robin take I to paddy ... hey , paddy ! paddy Robin !... you jammy little beggar ! Dr Khan come into the ward and see the wheelchair . he approach , he face fill with admiration . dr khan this be really quite something ! Dr entwistle enter , and stare at they in frigid silence . he advance towards they , turn he anger on Dr Khan , as if Robin and diana be not there . dr entwistle do you give permission for this contraption to be bring into my ward ? Dr Khan start to answer , but Dr entwistle be not interested in any excuse . dr entwistle it 's hard enough for we patient to accept the condition of they life without raise false hope that can only leave they more dissatisfied . where you come from it may be common practice to play game with people 's life , but here it be not . be that understand ? he stalk off out of the ward . breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 51a . robin the man 's a pompous idiot ... do not you want to smack he ? dr khan believe I , I be use to it . breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 52 . diana you would think he have want to get wheelchair like this for he other patient . robin ( to paddy ) paddy , you owe I a fiver . paddy not so fast , pal ... you could drop off you perch tomorrow . ( to Dr Khan ) how safe be it , Doctor ? dr khan I do not know , paddy . it 's the first time I have see anything like it . robin ( to paddy ) do four mile a hour with ... the wind behind you . Dr Khan be examine the wheelchair . dr khan ( to paddy ) I would advise wait a little while longer . test its limit . robin quite right ... find the break point . diana we be not testing Robin till he break . robin yes , we be ... that 's exactly what we be do . dr khan let 's get on with this check - up , shall we ? see what state you be in . as diana wheel Robin away to a examination room , follow by Dr Khan , paddy speak to nurse Margaret . paddy if he do not make it , who pay I my fiver ? 75b scene deleted 75b 75 BA 75c 76 breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 53 . scene deleted 75 BA ext . oxford hospital - day 75c diana wheel Robin back out onto the street . diana you be do better than all he other patient . that 's what he say . robin poor old paddy ... I wish we could help he to escape too . two passing women pause to stare at Robin . they assume he can neither see nor hear they . first woman it be not kind to let they out like that . second woman on the street , where everyone can see . robin believe I , lady ... my distress be great than yours . the woman hurry on they way , shocked . first woman do he speak ? be that he speak ? ext . garden , furlong - day 76 jonathan' Pov - moving through sun-dapple bush in the depth of the garden towards a light - fill gap - and there , across the wide lawn , sit Robin on the terrace in he wheelchair , benjy curl up on he lap . beside he sit tid , read she book . little jonathan , now age 5 , be explore the fringe of the pond . the phone ring : a amplify external ringer . Jonathan wave at he father . tid ( to Robin ) should I answer that ? robin yes , yes . I will be fine . breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 53aa . tid rise , put down she book , and go into the house . breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 53a . Jonathan move closer to the shore of the pond . a flicker of light as a fish flash through the water . fascinate , Jonathan look closer . across the lawn , Robin be watch , call something we be almost too far away to hear . robin Jonathan ! be careful ! Jonathan turn back to look at he father - and slip on the pond 's verge - and tumble into the water . on robin - horrify . robin 's Pov - the place where Jonathan have be stand , now empty . the distant sound of splash . distant cry . on robin - helpless , freeze . then he come to he sense and press at he bell . the bell ring on he wheelchair . 77 78 breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 54 . tid come run out of the house . robin Jonathan . Pond . tid run to the pond . benjy jump off Robin 's lap and follow she . Robin watch as she pull Jonathan out of the water . he hear he scream , at they most intense now he be safe . tid carry the soaking scream child back . tid he 's all right . he 's fine . robin my fault ... I be sorry . on robin - gazing at he frighten scream son . overwhelm with the awareness of he own powerlessness . int . robin and diana 's bedroom , furlong - night 77 Jonathan enter in he pyjamas , all alone . come to Robin 's bedside . robin come to say goodnight ? jonathan sorry , daddy . robin you must be careful , you know . Jonathan nod , gazingly solemnly back at he . robin do not want any accident ... do not want you hurt . jonathan do not want you hurt . the little boy reach out one hand and stroke he father 's face . he 's imitate what he 's see he mother do so many time . Robin smile , very touch . int . drawing room , furlong - day 78 it 's winter , and very cold in the drafty old house . Ice on the windowpane . Robin be wrap in blanket in he wheelchair , and wear a hat and mitten . diana , also well wrap , be carry out the chore of suck the fluid from he lung . breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 54aa . she 's so use to this now that she can talk while she work . Robin of course can not speak , he breathe suspend until she 's do . breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 54a . diana blogg tell I the other day that all we friend be convinced I would give up on you . apparently they see I as some kind of pampere nitwit . breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 55 . she finish and reinstate the breathe tube . robin you be a pampere nitwit . diana do not stop you run after I . robin I have get nothing against nitwit ... so long as they be pretty . diana well , you be stick with I now . robin just think ... all that affair I could have have . diana and I . robin it 's not too late . diana what , and come back to find you have pop off while I be out ? robin yes , that would rather spoil the party . jonathan come in , now five year old , carry a photograph album . he too be well wrap . jonathan look ! I find daddy ! close shot of black - and - white photograph in a album : picture of Robin in uniform , surround by friend from he regiment , the greenjacket . diana go to look at the album . diana that 's daddy when he be a soldier . jonathan daddy 's a soldier ! he turn the page . now the photograph show diana and Robin in kenya , surround by elephant . diana this be we in Africa , where you be bear . 79 t9a breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 56-57 . Jonathan do not even notice the contrast between he father then and now . he like the wild animal . jonathan wow ! elephant ! you see elephant ! on diana - find it painful to look at the picture . she look up and meet Robin 's eye . jonathan you be luck - ee-ee . he settles down on the floor , absorb by the photograph . diana leave Jonathan look at the album , and return to Robin . she 's smile but she have tear in she eye . she bend down to kiss he . her tear slightly moisten he cheek . she brushes the wetness from he face . jonathan I wish I could go to Africa . diana do you , darling ? she go on gaze down at Robin . she mouth silently to he , sorry . he mouth back : I too . diana I would better sort out tea . scene deleted 79 int . kitchen , furlong - day 79a diana put on the kettle , and then stand by the kitchen table , hold it as if to steady herself , and close she eye . sometimes it just feel too hard . she hear the voice come faintly from the draw room . jonathan ( 0.s. ) can we go to Africa , daddy ? robin ( 0.s. ) that would be fun . jonathan ( 0.s. ) I could push you . robin ( 0.s. ) Rather a long way to push I . jonathan ( 0.s. ) I do not mind . breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 56A . 79b int . drawing room , furlong - day 79 B diana carry the tea tray in . Jonathan go for the cake at once . as diana pour tea for herself and Robin - robin this chair push ... just how hard be it , over a long distance ? diana harder than a pram , I can tell you . robin ( to Jonathan ) well , Jonathan ... we be go to have to do some more think . 80 scene deleted 80 81 breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 58 . ext . furlong - day 81 on robin - grinning as he rise slowly upwards . he 's in he wheelchair , which be on the power tail - gate of a convert bedford van . the mechanic who have build it be now show Robin and diana how it work . mechanic as per you design , Mr cavendish . take up to three hundred pound . the tail - gate reach the van 's floor level . the mechanic roll Robin and he chair into the back of the van , and close the rear door . mechanic ( to diana ) hydraulic lift mechanism . you will not see that on a bedford anywhere else . in the van - Robin look round the enclose space . outside , the mechanic repeat the process in reverse . Robin be wheeled back out . mechanic ( proud ) what do you think ? robin it 's wonderful ... but it have a design fault . mechanic what 's that ? robin it 's rather dark in the back ... it make I feel like luggage . mechanic ( take aback ) I just think - be as the wheelchair have to be get in - the back seem ... his voice falter under Robin 's steady gaze . robin have you ever sit in the back of the van ? mechanic me? well , no . but then I be not - I be not - 82 breathe - salmon revision - 26 July 2016 59 . robin luggage ? ( beat ) please do not think I be not grateful ... I suppose it have to be this way . mechanic you want to sit in the front ? robin would it be very difficult to arrange ? mechanic I suppose if I take we the front seat ... he 's peer at the space in the front , work out how it could be do . robin you have do such marvellous work on the tail lift . ext . country road - day 82 high angle - down the road come the bedford van . in the van - diana drive . and beside she , in the passenger seat space , Robin in he wheelchair . the slide door be open beside he , the wind blow in he hair . Jonathan sit behind with benjy . the respirator hiss away , draw its power from the car battery . Robin love the open space , the wind , the freedom . he start to sing in he croaky voice -— robin when I get to heaven ... tie I toa tree ... for I will begin to roam and soon ... you will know where I will be ... diana and Jonathan laugh and join in as he sing . breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 59a . robin / diana / jonathan I be bo-orn ... under a wand ’rin’ star ... a wand ’rin’ , wand ’rin’ star ... crane up to see the road and a wide view of the surround countryside as the bedford van drive on . 83 scene deleted 83 84 84a 84b 85 breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 60 . scene deleted scene deleted scene deleted ext . garden , furlong - day some year have pass . it 's now 1970 . a crowd of friend fill the garden . jonathan , now ten year old , be play cricket in the field beside the garden with a mix of he friend and older guest . a ring of small girl hold a doll 's tea party , watch by tid. blogg blacker be by the terrace table , hack at a ham , 84 84a 84b 85 talk to teddy Hall . David blacker carry plate of food to guest , among they Colin Campbell and rory stewart , a good-look man in he 40s . we follow the party in a montage of brief moment . by the terrace table - blogg , carve the ham , glance over towards Robin . blogg he 's amazing , be not he ? breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 teddy Hall 's look at diana . teddy hall so 's she . 61 . by robin in he wheelchair listen to rory Stewart - rory stewart Lucy walk out a month ago now . be come a long time . robin I be sorry , rory ... very rough on you . rory stewart yes . life 's a shitty business , be not it ? there you be , get on with you life , and out of nowhere - crash ! it all come tumble down . robin and you know what 's so strange ?... the sun still come up tomorrow . rory stewart how do you mean ? robin oh , nothing really ... help I with my drink , will you , rory . rory move Robin 's glass near enough for Robin to reach the straw with he lip . robin let 's have a toast . rory stewart what be we drink to ? robin New dawns . rory raise he own glass , smile for the first time . rory stewart New dawns ! at the doll 's tea party - little girl rosie say , it 's be delightful , but I simply must rush . the game of cricket -— diana with Colin Campbell watch Jonathan as he bowl . breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 61a . diana I think he 's go to be quite good . by the terrace table — Harry tennyson be shovel food in liberal quantity onto he plate . harry tennyson you really should go to simla , it 's not like India at all . you be in the himalayas , but it feel like England . like England , but better . the blacker twin surveying the ruin of the ham carve by blogg . david you have make a real hash of that . blogg look at Robin now . they both look . Robin have four pretty woman round he now . blogg how do he do it ? 86 87 breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 62 . by robin in he wheelchair - one of the pretty woman , pamela harris , confide in he . pamela harris he propose yesterday . I be so fond of he . but he 's no beauty . I feel so confuse . robin be he actually ugly ? pamela harris well , yes . as they speak , Robin 's look across the lawn to where diana stand , in conversation with rory Stewart . from they body language he can see that rory 's confide in she , and she 's be sympathetic . robin good . pamela harris why 's that good ? robin good-look man be idle ... Ugly man get thing do . the game of cricket - Jonathan , bat , hit the ball a terrific whack , send it sailing into the shrubbery . he toss he bat in the air , turn triumphantly to call to he father . jonathan dad ! you see that ? Robin be gaze at he , full of pride . diana , sit beside Robin , share the proud moment : she hand applaud , clap softly on robins 's hand , as if they be clap together . scene deleted 86 int . robin 's room , furlong - evening 87 the party 's over . the guest depart . diana come into the room where Robin sit in he bed . she 's tend to he , arrange he to make he comfortable , before go to bed herself . diana so. do you enjoy that ? you be surround by admirer . breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 62a . robin so be you . breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 63. diana I ? robin rory Stewart could not take he eye off you . diana oh , rory . Lucy 's really mess he about . I feel so sorry for he . he say he spend he evening alone , watch television . robin I expect he have like you to relieve he loneliness . diana well , I be not go to . robin you can if you want to . diana oh . you be give I permission , be you ? robin I worry that you do not have much ... fun . diana do not worry about I . I be all right . she stroke he head lovingly . diana we manage , do not we ? robin easy for I ... I just sit here ... you do all the work ... turn out I be quite enjoy myself . diana ( fondly ) good old selfish Robin . breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 63a . robin but you ... not so much fun for you . she bend down and kiss he . diana turn out I love you . he respond to she kiss . the loving nuzzling of he lip move she , almost too much . her eye glisten . robin I get lucky with you , do not I ?... I say , diana . run away with I . diana must not overdo it . robin why not ?... I be suppose to be testing the limit . diana you be . every day . robin have not reach break point yet , have I ?... I can go further . diana go further where ? robin anywhere ... everywhere . diana what be this , Robin ? be this another of you mad project ? robin I have always want to see the sun rise over the Mediterranean . 88 89 90 breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 64 . ext . raf northolt - day 88 the front wheel of the van riding up a long ramp . pull out to discover the cargo hold of a front-opening transport plane , as the bedford van disappear into its belly . in the van - diana at the wheel . Robin beside she in he wheelchair . behind they , Jonathan and blogg . ext . runway , raf northolt - day 89 the cargo plane rumble down the runway and creak into the sky . the camera follow it up into the cloud . int . cargo plane - day 90 Inside the bedford van , in the hold of the cargo plane : everything be juddering , the engine noise be unbearable , but there they be , Robin , diana , Jonathan , grin at each other like fool . only blogg show sign of nervousness , stare out of the van window . blogg 's Pov - Three race horse stare back at he from they horse box . 91 breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 65 . ext . spanish road - day 91 down from cloud to find a road cut through Spanish countryside to the sea . the bedford van be cruise down the road . Spanish road sign indicate tarragona . in the van - the hiss of the respirator . diana the house be on the beach . I have get a long extension lead , so in theory Robin can stay out all day . robin there 's something else my chair need ... a parasol . diana I have bring pint of sun cream . robin we should charge up the chair battery . diana good idea . blogg , do you see the cable down here ? I can not take my eye off the road . blogg I see it . diana on the side of the wheelchair there 's a plug-board . plug it into the second socket . blogg oh , yes . I see . he fumble about in the shadowy space between the seat . blogg second socket . get it . he insert the plug . bang ! the car swerve and lurch . Black smoke stream from the respirator motor . the pump stop . diana for Christ 's sake ! blogg God ! God ! what happen ? breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 66 . diana steer the van up onto the verge , pull on the brake , and turn to the respirator . the van 's fill up with black smoke . diana fumble for the hand pump . blogg throw open the door . diana start to hand - pump . Robin breathes once more . diana be badly frighten . diana I know something like this would happen . I just know it . blogg be fan the door to clear the smoke . blogg what do I do ? diana I do not know , but the respirator 's bust . ( to Robin ) you okay , Robin ? robin I be fine . diana blogg , can you see what I be do ? do you think you can do it ? just maintain the same rhythm . blogg take over the hand -pump . diana examine the respirator to see what 's break , but it 's hard to get at it . diana let 's get the wheelchair out . whatever you do , do not stop pump . she and Jonathan open the van 's back door and lower the platform . then with blogg double up work the hand pump they wheel the chair out onto the grass . here diana get to work with a whole box of tool . blogg do you know how to fix it ? she get the motor open : it 's melt . diana no. I do not . she stare . this be a total disaster . breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 67 . blogg I be sorry . I just do not know what I do . a spanish motorist have pull up to help . spanish motorist ( in Spanish ) can I help you ? diana do you speak English ? spanish motorist Little . blogg we need a mechanic . diana for God 's sake , blogg . we need to telephone . she mime dialling . the Spanish motorist understand . he point down the road . spanish motorist Torredembarra . telephone . I take you ? diana yes , please . Jonathan , get my handbag . Jonathan run to the front seat of the van . robin no need to go so fast , blogg ... I be not a balloon . Jonathan be back with the handbag . diana take out she address book . diana blogg , go with this man , find a phone , call teddy Hall . here 's he number . he will either be at the lab or at he home . that 's the littlemore number . blogg in England ? diana tell he what 's happen . we 'il wait for he here . 92 breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 68. blogg wait for he to fly out from England ? diana ( tense ) just go . please . she take over the hand -pump . blogg head to the Spaniard 's car . Robin call after he . robin get some bread , and sausage ... and wine ... and a corkscrew . diana pump away steadily . Robin look at she . diana I be not say it . I hope you can hear I . I be not say it . ext . spanish road - dusk 92 diana , blogg and Jonathan sit round Robin in he wheelchair share a picnic supper . Jonathan be take he turn on the hand pump . the other drink wine straight from the bottle . robin pleasant temperature ... remind I of nairobi . blogg you okay there , Jonathan ? jonathan yes , I be fine . it 's quite easy , really . blogg ( to diana ) what 's the plan for the night ? diana we will take it in turn to sleep , one at a time . that leave one to pump , and the other to make sure they do not fall asleep . robin yes , please do not fall asleep . diana you be do brilliantly , Jonathan . I will take over in a moment . 93 breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 69 . jonathan I be okay . really . a few car go by , they headlight sweeping the little group by the van . diana I wonder what on earth they think we be do . blogg El camp . the English be famous for not want to stray far from they car . diana feed Robin wine through a straw , catch the dribble with a handkerchief . Jonathan pump away , watch he father silhouett against the evening sky . Robin 's eye move to rest on Jonathan kneel by he chair , keep he alive . he smile , and Jonathan smile back . ext . spanish road - night 93 moonlight over the road and van . the sound of the hand pump in action . in the van - Jonathan asleep , prone on the back seat . blogg upright , eyelid droop . diana in the driver 's seat , pump away , very weary . Robin asleep in he wheelchair . diana 's head droops , and she slip into sleep . the pump stop . blogg fail to notice . Robin 's eye open . he make he click noise . no one hear . more click . no response . second pass . he close he eye . second pass . blogg emit a sudden snore . diana wake . diana oh God ! she start pump again . Robin open he eye . diana sorry . sorry . robin I can go for longer than that . 94 95 breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 70 . ext . spanish road - day 94 a small crowd of local have gather round the van . Three car be now pull up on the verge beyond . the local have turn out with food , wine , sunshade , fold chair , and a radio that play cheerful pop music . among the group be a priest . he have no English , so he remark be translate by a friendly local spanish woman . in the midst of the festivity Robin sit under a awning , be feed by diana and pump by Jonathan . spanish priest ( in Spanish ) almighty God like to play joke on we . but he joke be always for a purpose . spanish woman he say God make joke . spanish priest ( in Spanish ) this poor man 's suffer bring we all together in celebration . spanish woman so we have party . robin quite right . God have a joke ... we have a party . the priest beam . diana meet Robin 's eye , and they share a smile . robin you know who have have love this ?... paddy . ext . spanish road - dusk 95 driver be Pov - approach down the road . a big crowd campe on the verge ahead , by the light of kerosene lantern . it look like some kind of outdoor religious festival . closer , we make out dozen of car lining the road . the crowd can now be see to be centre on a trio of sing guitarist . they play with great seriousness , and sing very beautifully . the approach car cruise to a stop close to the gather . in the heart of the crowd , Robin sit in he wheelchair listen to the singer , blissfully happy . breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 70a . beside he sit diana , she hand hold he hand , also happier than she 's be in year . breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 71 . behind she , Jonathan lean over they , he chin on she shoulder . blogg kneel by Robin 's chair , pump away . teddy hall ( 0.s. ) for heaven 's sake ! diana look round . diana teddy ! it 's teddy Hall , look exasperate . teddy hall you could at least have the decency to be on the point of death . close on the respirator , light by torch , as teddy Hall replace the burn - out part with a new motor . blogg go on hand - pump all the while . teddy hall God know how you manage to make such a ball - up of this . blogg my fault , I be afraid . teddy hall what be you all do gallivant in Spain in the first place ? robin my fault , I be afraid . teddy hall this thing be not build for tran - continental voyage . robin I want to see the sun rise over the Med . teddy hall it rise over drayton St Leonard too , you know . he 's do . teddy hall there . let 's fire she up . he press a switch . the machine turn , take over the job of pump . blogg rise , stretch he arm and leg . 96 96 a breathe - Tan revision - 2 August 2016 72 . blogg thank Christ for that ! the crowd start to applaud . the applause spread , turn to cheer . diana watch , smile with relief . teddy look round , grumpy but touch . teddy hall I be glad someone 's happy . scene deleted 96 ext . teddy hall 's workshop , oxfordshire - day 96a rain stream down over sodden English countryside . Robin 's van have just pull up by teddy Hall 's workshop . diana and Jonathan get out , try to keep umbrella in place over themselves , and open the van 's rear door . on robin in he wheelchair as he descend on the power tailgate . the chair hit the ground . diana hold a umbrella over he . breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 72a . robin let 's get this show on the road . ahead , stand under he own umbrella be dr CLEMENT aitken . beside he stand teddy Hall . Robin be push up to he . robin Dr clement aitken ? CLEMENT aitken the same . robin ( to teddy ) when I phone he he think I be ... a wheelchair salesman . CLEMENT aitken a drunk wheelchair salesman , actually . teddy hall I suppose I be the wheelchair salesman . Dr aitken take in the wheelchair properly for the first time . CLEMENT aitken be that chair breathe ? he bend down to listen to the respirator . CLEMENT aitken like a sleep lion ! glorious ! 97 98 99 100 100 a 100 B 101 102 103 104 105 106 107 108 breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 73. scene deleted 97 scene deleted 98 scene deleted 99 scene deleted 100 scene deleted 100a scene deleted 100b scene deleted 101 scene deleted 102 scene deleted 103 scene deleted 104 scene deleted 105 scene deleted 106 scene deleted 107 int . teddy hall 's workshop - day 108 teddy Hall show clement aitken round he workshop where the chair be make . diana wheel Robin along behind . CLEMENT aitken I have never in all my career see anything like this . you just make this up ? teddy hall pretty much . CLEMENT aitken only way to get anything do . breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 73a . teddy hall I like this man ... be he a doctor ? robin he run the disability Research Foundation . diana which he invent . robin and appoint himself director . CLEMENT aitken if nobody else will do it , you have to do it yourself . he 's reach a early version of the Mark ii wheelchair . CLEMENT aitken hello ! what 's this ? teddy hall I have be have a go at a Mark ii version . the battery life on the Mark one be poor . also the pump be too noisy . I be try out use a solenoid . CLEMENT aitken fascinating ! so what be the battery life ? teddy hall on the Mark ii , about six hour . breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 74 . CLEMENT aitken ( to Robin ) how long have you be live with this condition ? robin eleven year so far . CLEMENT aitken incredible ! if this chair of yours really work , I could use a lot of they . teddy hall how many ? CLEMENT aitken hundred . teddy hall ah . so far I have finance the work myself . have not set I back too much . but if we be to go into production , we have need proper funding . robin name a figure . 108a scene deleted 108a breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 75 . 109 int . department of health office - day 109 a senior civil servant in the Department of Health , Mr pickering , lean across he desk , study Robin 's wheelchair . Robin sit patiently , diana by he side . picker 's question be all address to diana , as if Robin be deaf as well as paralyse . pickering what qualification be require for operate this equipment ? diana none . it 's not hard . pickering do you regard it as perfectly safe ? diana nothing 's perfectly safe , be it ? picker nod and settles back behind he desk . pickering the Department have to take into account the question of cost - effectiveness . the life expectancy of polio patient be , let 's say , below average . I be sorry , I can not see how I can in all fairness make a case for funding . I have to follow the rule . robin rule be so paralyse , be not they ? picker turn to look at Robin in surprise . pickering of course , I do have every sympathy for you condition . robin likewise . breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 75a-75b . 109a scene deleted 109a 110 111 breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 76 . ext . country road - day 110 the bedford van drive down a country road . in the van - diana drive . Robin in he wheelchair beside she . robin name ? diana Lady Jane neville . robin good for ? diana a thousand at least , if she 's in the mood . robin be I plucky or pitiful ? diana I think plucky . this old dowager be tough as nail . int . drawing room , country house - day 111 Lady Jane neville be a perfectly - groom 70 - year-old , with all she wit about she . she gaze at Robin in he wheelchair . lady neville why do it make that funny noise ? diana that 's the wheelchair . it do he breathe for he . the countess meet Robin 's gaze with interest . lady neville be you quite sure it 's safe for you to be out ? robin seem to have work so far . lady neville and what exactly be it you want ? robin more of this chair . 111a 112 113 breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 77 . diana for other polio patient . robin at £ 200 a wheelchair . diana excellent value . robin five for a thousand . lady neville a thousand ? robin or ten for £ 2,000 . lady neville £ 2,000 ? robin I know we could count on you . diana that be so generous . robin we will take a cheque . Lady neville know exactly what 's be do to she , but it amuse she . lady neville I do not usually have any difficulty say no to sponger . but here you be , wheeze away at I . so I suppose I shall have to pay up . scene deleted 111a scene deleted 112 ext . teddy hall 's workshop - day 113 teddy Hall now have a team of mechanic assemble the Mark ii wheelchair . Three of they stand by the door ready to go . Robin 's van have just pull up . the mechanic load the new wheelchair into the back . in van - Three Mark ii wheelchair in the back . Robin in he wheelchair in the front . diana in the drive seat . diana here we go . breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 78 . 115 scene deleted 115 115a scene deleted 115a 115aa ext . hospital car park - day 115 aa on paddy 's face - terrify and delighted - as nurse Margaret wheel he out in one of the new wheelchair . a line of eight wheelchair , each carry a responaut , be now advance toward camera like a invasion of battle tank . Robin and paddy in the lead . Press photographer take picture . this be a stage event . diana move from wheelchair to wheelchair adjust the work of the machine paddy this be bloody marvellous ! robin feel safe ? paddy I feel bloody terrify . robin why ?... I be still here . paddy you be a bloody miracle , Robin . robin you too , paddy . ( to nurse ) still stick with he , be you ? nurse margaret can not get rid of he . clement aitken join the responaut to make a press statement . CLEMENT aitken my name be Dr clement aitken . I be the director of the disability Research Foundation . in this country there be hundred of severely disabled patient currently live they entire life in hospital bed . worldwide there be thousand . you think they like that ? he appeal to the responaut . breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 78a . CLEMENT aitken you want to get out , give I a shout ! all the wheelchair - bound patient shout as loud as they can . later - diana be wheeling Robin across the car park to they van . clement aitken walk alongside Robin . blogg follow behind . robin how many thousand worldwide ? CLEMENT aitken ten of thousand . maybe more . no one 's ever believe it 's possible to live as you do . robin so we should show they . 115 B 115c 116 117 118 119 120 121 121a breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 79 . diana what do you want now , Robin ? a world tour ? she 's not serious . but clement aitken come to a stop . CLEMENT aitken of course ! there 's a european conference come up in Germany , on severely disabled live . all the so-called key expert will be there . oh , my giddy aunt ! if they could only see you ... scene deleted 115b scene deleted 115 '' scene deleted 116 scene deleted 117 scene deleted 118 scene deleted 119 scene deleted 120 scene deleted 121 int . reception , german HOTEL - night 121a blogg be at reception , fill in form . diana , Colin Campbell , clement aitken and Harry tennyson stand round Robin in he wheelchair . the german receptionist keep glance at Robin . blogg there . all do . german receptionist I think he should be in a hospital , no ? breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 79a . blogg you be quite right . no. beam , he take the room key . breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 80 . colin campbell you do check we would be able to get the wheelchair in , do not you , blogg ? blogg of course I do . what do you take I for ? 122 int . german HOTEL - night 122 Robin 's wheelchair jamme in the doorway to the bedroom . blogg , Harry and Colin all try to force it through , watch by clement aitken and diana . CLEMENT aitken wo not go through . you be not go to make it . blogg one more heave . harry tennyson Clem 's right . blogg nobody tell I I be suppose to measure doorway . colin campbell half a inch be all we need . robin we could take off the inner door frame . they look at each other . a burst of laughter . blogg shh ! they 's 1ll catch we . robin diana 's get tool . they all look at diana . diana you want tool ? later — wield a hammer and screwdriver , blogg ease the last of the inner frame off the doorway . the wheelchair pass into the room . 123 124 125 125a 125b breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 81 . colin campbell Quick . Close the door before anyone find out . the door close behind they . from within come another burst of laughter . scene deleted 123 scene deleted 124 scene deleted 125 ext . country road , germany - day 125a the van be now make they way down a country road between tree . they turn off and drive up to a manned barrier before a grim-look institutional building . clement aitken speak in german to the gatekeeper . CLEMENT aitken wir haben einen termin mit dem direktor , Dr langdorf . the gatekeeper nod and raise the barrier . the van drive up to the front of the building . in van - CLEMENT aitken I want you to see this , Robin . let I go in first . you may come as something of a shock . int . german hospital - day 125b the german director of the hospital , dr erik langdorf , come stride across the hallway to greet clement aitken . dr langdorf Dr aitken , this be a honour . I be Erik langdorf , I be the director . CLEMENT aitken my associate . a glance back at blogg and Harry , who nod enigmatically . Dr langdorf lead the way . dr langdorf please . breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 81a . CLEMENT aitken I have hear so much about you care for the severely disabled . this hospital be famous ! Dr langdorf lead clement aitken , blogg and Harry into a long ward . it 's spotlessly clean and orderly . breathe - salmon revision - 26 July 2016 82 . Silent staff patrol the long line of bed , where patient lie alongside hiss respirator . everything be state of the art . CLEMENT aitken such excellent modern machinery ! and everything so clean ! such clean machine ! dr langdorf best in Germany . possibly the best in the world . we patient have a median life expectancy of seven year . we have one who have be with we for twelve year . clement aitken turn and give a signal . Robin enter in he wheelchair , push by diana , accompany by Colin Campbell . Dr langdorf see he , and fall silent in shock . Robin gaze at the patient in the silent ward . robin ( to diana ) push I down the ward . diana push Robin past the bed where the polio patient lie , they respirator hiss away , keep they alive . the patient gaze back at he with dull eye . the system have render they entirely passive . dr langdorf I do not understand . the chair have a respirator ? be it safe ? a white - coat hospital official come hurry in . german hospital official es tut mir so leid , herr direktor . ich habe ihnen gesagt , dass sie gehen miissen . wenn er hier auf unserem gelande sterben wiirde .... Dr langdorf give a jump of alarm . dr langdorf sterben ? hier ? er muss gehen ! er muss sofort raus hier ! 126 breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 83-83a . the official hurry down the ward and steer diana and Robin back towards the exit . Dr langdorf stare at Robin in he chair as he come back towards he . dr langdorf I be sorry . he must leave . CLEMENT aitken of course he must . how stupid of I . dr langdorf please understand we be a department of the bundesministerium des innern . if anything be to happen ... CLEMENT aitken the Ministry of the Interior ? like we Home Office . do not they run the prison too ? dr langdorf I believe so . Dr langdorf do not hear he , stare anxiously at Robin as diana wheel he past he out of the ward . clement put out he hand to shake . CLEMENT aitken thank you so much , Dr langdorf . I do hope we will be see you at the conference . he lead he group out , exchange glance with they as they go : mission accomplish . scene deleted 126 127 breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 84 . int . conference hall , munich - day 127 the hall be pack with delegate . a banner read : managing the live of the severely disabled . blogg , Harry and Colin have side seat . Dr langdorf be near the front . clement aitken be at the podium , the conference Chairman to one side . CLEMENT aitken May I begin by note a interesting fact . at this conference on manage the life of the severely disabled , there be no disabled people present . conference chairman Dr aitken , forgive I . the severely disabled be on life support machine . how can they be present ? clement aitken beckon into the wing . Robin roll onto the stage , push by diana . a gasp from the delegate . CLEMENT aitken allow I to introduce - Mr Robin cavendish . he place a microphone for Robin . robin good afternoon . the chairman and the delegate gape in amazement . CLEMENT aitken Robin , tell the conference how long you have be paralyse . robin Fifteen year . CLEMENT aitken you be keep alive by a mechanical respirator ? robin yes . CLEMENT aitken and you live at home ? robin yes . breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 84a . CLEMENT aitken you have a question to ask we host . robin yes ... why do you keep you disabled people in prison ? breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 conference chairman in prison ? no , no . we maintain some of the best facility in the world for the severely disabled . robin run by prison officer . conference chairman not at all - robin kept out of sight ... no part of healthy society ... uproar in the hall . the delegate be appal . conference chairman I must ask you to withdraw that . CLEMENT aitken Mr cavendish do not mean to cause offence . he merely suggest that the severely disabled can be better integrate into society . robin I be sure you care for you disabled people ... but when you look at I , what do you see ?... a creature that 's barely alive ... what do you think ?... let 's put he in the wait room for death ... but I , as you see , have escape ... I have a machine under my seat that breathes for I ... the battery last for about six hour ... at home I have a respirator by my bed ... I can do nothing for myself ... yet here I be . silence . he 's get to they . robin when I be first paralyse I want to die ... my wife would not let I ... she tell I I have to live , to see we son grow up ... so I have go on live ... because of she ... and with she ... and for she . 85 . diana , stand behind Robin , bite she lip , refuse to cry . robin every day I accept the risk of die ... because I want to live ... ( more ) 128 129 130 breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 86 . robin ( cont 'd ) so go back to you prison hospital ... tell you paralyse patient they too can live ... open the gate ... and set they free . silence . then the clap begin . then cry of applause . then shout of acclaim . then the whole hall be on its foot , cheer . int . robin 's room , furlong - night 128 more time have pass . now it 's 1980 . Robin 's face jerk , make scary sound , blood spattering onto the sheet . diana up and swabbing away at the blood spitting from the hole in he throat . Robin subside at last . diana I do not know what that be , but it seem to be over . Robin gaze up at she , exhaust and apologetic . he look older and more wear . over ten year have pass . int . robin 's room , furlong - day 129 clement aitken be operate the suction tube , empty the fluid from Robin 's lung . Dark blood come ooze out into the receive jar . diana look on . clement finish and replace the breathe tube . Robin breathes again . CLEMENT aitken I be afraid this be what happen after a number of year on a respirator . the lining of the lung become irritate . you get small abrasion , you get bleed . it 's what you might call normal wear and tear . robin thank you , Clem . good to know everything 's normal . scene deleted 130 breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 87 . 131 int . robin 's room , furlong - day 131 close on a electronic display panel light up with a array of light , all flash at random . robin ( 0.s. ) buggeration ! Robin have now be equip with a machine call possum , that enable he to perform several function by activate a sensor with he head . everything 's go at once : phone ringing , tv screen jump channel , bed rise and fall . the phone call be pick up . phone voice hello ? doreen here . robin hello , doreen . how be you , my dear ? Jonathan enter : now a young man in he early 20 . he stand wait for the call to end . he look on , smile . Robin have not yet see he . phone voice oh , can not complain . robin I bet you can . life 's never quite how you want it , be it ? phone voice you can say that again . I would swap Tom for a start . robin be fair . you have miss he if he be not there . phone voice do not know that I have notice , to tell you the truth . be that Brian ? robin no , it 's Robin . have to go , doreen . be good . phone voice bye , Robin . Robin manage to end the call . jonathan hello , dad . breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 87a . robin Jonathan ! how lovely ! jonathan who be that ? 132 133 breathe - salmon revision - 26 July 2016 88. robin no idea ... have not quite get the hang of the machine yet ... keep dialling wrong number . int . kitchen , furlong - day 132 Jonathan stand in the kitchen as diana prepare lunch . diana he do it on purpose . he 's just bored . be Robin , of course , they all turn into he best friend . jonathan how be he apart from that ? diana he 's be get this bleed . and he bowel be not do what they should . he get so tired . jonathan how about you ? she look up at he . she too look so tired . jonathan I do not know how you have do it , mum . all this year . diana oh , you know . keep plodd on . Jonathan take she in he arm . she hug he close , craving the warmth and comfort of touch . diana the stupid thing be , I just love he so much . ext . country path - day 133 Jonathan push Robin down a frosty path . jonathan how be you , dad ? breathe - salmon revision - 26 July 2016 89 . robin well the wheel be start to wobble a bit . jonathan mum be worried about you . robin I be worried about she . jonathan you do not need to worry about mum . she 's stronger than anyone I know . robin quite right ... how about you ? jonathan oh , I be all right . robin I wish I could have do more for you . jonathan what ? you have do load for I , dad . you have always be here . breathe - salmon revision - 26 July 2016 89a . robin could not get away , could I ? jonathan always listen to I . always want to know what I be do . never put I under any pressure . always make life fun for I . I could not have ask for a better dad . robin funny old world . 134 breathe - salmon revision - 26 July 2016 90 . Jonathan gently stroke Robin 's cheek . int . robin 's room , furlong - night 134 Robin lie in bed in the darken bedroom . his eye be open . the rhythmic sound of the respirator . he start to gurgle . spatter of blood appear round he breathe tube . his body spasm . blood burst out of he neck , stain the sheet . he activate he alarm . diana come run in , follow by Jonathan . Robin be now gush blood . diana take hold of he , and be at once cover in blood . diana help I turn he onto he side . Jonathan move in and be soon blood - soak too . diana get Robin onto he side . the blood stream out of he neck . Robin 's eye meet Jonathan 's . Jonathan see there a look of mute horror . diana do what you can to clean up the mess . she get the suction tube and set to work empty the last of the blood from inside Robin 's lung . Jonathan mop up round she . the breathe tube go back in . Robin lie there , on he back once more , stare at the ceiling . 135 136 breathe - Green revision - 8 July 2016 91 . int . kitchen , furlong - night 135 diana stand by the kitchen sink , which be full of blood - soak sheet . she have she arm tight round herself and she 's shaking all over . a silent disintegration . ext . wide english view - day 136 a slow - move procession through the tree : Robin in he wheelchair , Jonathan push he , diana follow behind . a echo of the earlier scene when Jonathan as a child race along beside the wheelchair . Times have change . they go slowly now . Jonathan push Robin out into the open and turn he to gaze out over the view . diana join they . on robin - look at the view . robin I hear a story once , in kenya ... about a group of mau mau prisoner ... sixty of they ... they leader say to he man ... ' I give you permission to die 's ... the next morning all sixty be dead . no one speak . robin it 's just a matter of will ... I have go on long enough . diana stare at he , guess what he 's go to say . robin August be a good month . when August come ... I be go to let myself go . diana move round so that he can see she . diana what about I ? robin you will be free at last . suddenly diana 's shouting - 137 138 breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 92 . diana no! no ! you stupid , stupid man ! what do you think I have be do all this year ? you life be my life too ! she turn away and stamp off across the open grass . Jonathan make a move to go after she . robin let she go . they watch diana as she circle away from they , and then head back . she start shouting when she 's still some distance away . diana all right ! have it you own way ! you always do . she come back to Robin and stand fiercely before he . diana just never , ever say you do it for I . ext . furlong - day 137 Colin Campbell have just arrive , and be head into the house . through the open window to Robin 's room he hear Robin 's voice . robin ( 0.s. ) I want to arrange a funeral . int . robin 's room , furlong - day 138 Robin have now become skilled at work he possum machine . he 's on the phone to a Oxford undertaker . undertaker 's voice I can assure you of the best service in oxfordshire , sir . we have the honour of handle all the arrangement for Sir Winston churchill 's funeral , Oxford end . robin I just want to make it quite clear that I want the cheapest coffin you have get . undertaker 's voice the cheapest , sir ? breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 93 . Colin Campbell come in and stand wait , unseen , as Robin finish he call . robin the cheapest . undertaker 's voice in respect for the decease , sir - robin the decease do not care . I should know . I be the decease . undertaker 's voice ( now uncertain ) ah , in that case ... we pride ourselves on provide a bespoke service - robin yes , yes . just send I the detail . thank you . he end the call , work the possum machine . colin campbell the decease be very bossy , as usual . Robin 's face light up at the sight of Colin . robin ah , col ! I have be wait for you . how kind of you to come . colin campbell what 's this about a funeral ? robin I want you to organise the wake . colin campbell not for a few year yet , I hope . robin beginning of September . colin campbell no , no . I be not listen to any of this . we have get a bit more life in we than that , you and I . robin you can hang around as long as you want ... I be off in August . breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 93a . 139 int . kitchen , furlong - night 139 diana be clear up . Colin Campbell be help she . 140 breathe - buff revision - 15 July 2016 94 . colin campbell we must buck he up . get he out of this morbid frame of mind . make he see how much he friend need he . diana work away in silence . then - diana we be not go to keep Robin alive for the benefit of he friend . colin campbell ( startle ) no . of course not . diana but I expect they have like to say goodbye . ext . garden , furlong - day 140 wide - the house and garden be overflow with hundred of Robin 's friend . Beyond the garden , above the intervene tree , rise the square tower of the village church . Robin lie in he bed , which have be bring out onto the terrace , where he 's surround as always by young woman . the atmosphere be noisy and cheerful . several of the guest be other responaut in cavendish chair with they carer , include paddy with he carer , now wife , nurse Margaret . a queue of people be line up to speak to Robin . blogg and David blacker look on . blogg you know he 's tell everyone this be a leave party ? david what , even the girl ? by robin - pamela harris Robin , I can not bear this ! what be I suppose to say ? robin you say , about bloody time . pamela harris do you have any idea how much we be go to miss you ? breathe - buff revision - 15 July 2016 95 . Robin 's gaze be across the garden to where Jonathan stand , with he arm round a pretty girl . Jonathan meet Robin 's eye and grin . he say something to he girl she look round and give Robin a smile . by diana - mary dawnay be this really serious ? diana it 's what Robin want . mary dawnay how on earth be you cope ? diana I do not really know . I feel strange . by robin - paddy be wheeled up to Robin by Margaret . paddy what 's this I be hearing ? you be plan another great escape ? robin time to go ... for I , anyway . paddy just like the last time . not wait for you friend . robin you be too slow for I , paddy . paddy but you will be back for I later , right ? Robin smile at he , move . robin now that would be quite a trick . paddy if anyone can do it , you can . robin you owe I £ 5 . breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 o5a . paddy ( to nurse Margaret ) maggie ! breathe - buff revision - 15 July 2016 96 . nurse Margaret have a five pound note ready . she hand it to paddy , who give it to Robin . teddy Hall come to Robin 's side , cradling a bottle of wine . Jonathan join they , accompany by he girlfriend . Jonathan 's spot the wine , and know teddy 's taste . jonathan what have you get there , teddy ? with a flourish teddy hold up he bottle of claret . teddy hall it 's a ' 59 Saint -emilion . my last bottle of one of the great wine ever make . Jonathan - glass . teddy take out a corkscrew and open the bottle . Jonathan fetch glass . Harry tennyson come and sit on the chair beside Robin . harry tennyson Robin , we have know each other a long time . I just want to say - the chair buckle under he weight , send he toppling to the floor . Robin 's face crumple up with laughter . as he clamber to he foot , teddy hand round glass of wine . he raise he own glass in a toast . teddy hall here 's to you , Robin . the other echo the toast . robin Jonathan ... Jonathan step into he eyeline . jonathan here , dad . robin about my ash ... I have like you to scatter they over the ngong hill ... they be the happiest day of my life . jonathan of course , dad . robin I do not mean I have not be happy ... breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 96a . he 's embarrassed . Jonathan understand . he touch Robin 's cheek to show affection the old way . breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 97 . jonathan it 's okay , dad . teddy hall do we have to talk about scatter ash ? it be all a little morbid . robin I suppose death be a little morbid . the blacker twin join they . blogg Robin , be we to take this seriously ? robin I do not know about seriously ... it 's all a bit of a joke , when you think about it . david but be we really suppose to be say goodbye ? robin matter of courtesy , David ... one should not leave a party without say one 's farewell . blogg then we have like to do it we way . he and David form up side by side . they come to attention , salute , and start to sing . blogg / david goodbye-ee , goodbye -ee wipe the tear , baby dear , from you eye -ee though it 's hard to part , I know - on Robin , mouth the next line with they - blogg / david I will be tickle to death to go - the crowd of friend round Robin listen , laugh . tear glisten in eye . blogg / david do not cry-ee , do not sigh -ee there 's a silver lining in the sky - ee - they begin a synchronise march away , sing as they go - breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 98 . blogg / david bonsoir old thing , cheerio chin - chin na-poo , toodle - oo , goodbye -ee . they march take they into the shrubbery , out of sight . here they come to a stop , and stand side by side , not look at each other , they let the tear come . 141 int . robin 's room , furlong - night 141 Colin sit by Robin 's bed , he head in he hand , listen to Robin . robin I suppose I should be afraid , but I be not ... stop believe in God help ... no afterlife , nothing ... just the end of my inning ... head up high , back to the pavilion . colin campbell bloody cricket . robin always love that game . beat . Colin lift he head to look at Robin . colin campbell something I have to say . I want you to know what a difference you have make to my life . it 's not always be easy for I . but every time I come here , I go away stronger . not because you be worse off than I . it 's who you be . or who you have turn yourself into . God know how . robin thanks , col . colin campbell you be always the great player . cricket . tennis . Girls . and you have have to live you life as a spectator . no more six . no more killer serve . no more - he give a meaningful shrug . robin as it happen , that 's not be a problem ... just about the only part of I that 's work . breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 98a . Colin be stunne . colin campbell seriously ? robin unlikely as it may seem . colin campbell well , hurrah for that ! you really be a bloody miracle , Robin . there you be , stick in a chair , stick in bed , but there 's more life in you than anyone I have ever know . bloody hell . I be go to miss you . 142 int . robin 's room , furlong - day 142 a cricket match on the tv screen . Robin watch the match . he look weary . his eye close . the distant sound of Lee marvin sing ' wand Star 's - 143 144 145 breathe - cherry revision - 28 July 2016 99 . song when I get to heaven tie I to a tree - for I all begin to roam , and soon you 'il know where I will be - I be bo -orn under a wand ’rin’ star a wand ’rin’ , wand ’rin’ star ... a memory from the past — Young Robin at the cricket match from the start of the film . he 's stride out to bat , look back at diana . this time she 's look at he , smile for he . Robin 's eye open . he stare out at nothing . robin who be I fool ? scene deleted 143 scene deleted 144 scene deleted 145 146 147 147a 148 breathe - cherry revision - 28 July 2016 scene deleted scene deleted scene deleted int . kitchen , furlong - day Jonathan drink coffee in the kitchen with diana . jonathan dad 's mau - mau thing be not work . it 's like a bad joke . how do a paralyse man commit suicide ? he 's be tell everyone he will be go by the end of the summer . I mean , it 's a matter of pride . he start to laugh . then the laugh stop . jonathan oh , hell . diana he will not let I help he . do he ask you ? jonathan no . I wish he would . it would be something -— he look away , afraid of revealing too much . jonathan - something I could give he . 100 . 146 147 147a 148 breathe - cherry revision - 28 July 2016 101-101a . 149 int . robin 's room , furlong - day 149 Robin in he wheelchair with Dr clement aitken by he side . they have be talk for some time . robin should be simple enough ... think of it like put down a injure racehorse . CLEMENT aitken you do know it 's against the law ? robin who 's to know ? CLEMENT aitken if diana or Jonathan be to be involved , they could end up in prison . robin what about you ? CLEMENT aitken oh , I . I have be break the rule all my life . just promise I you know what you be ask . robin I know what I be ask . CLEMENT aitken I have never actually play God before . robin you ’1ll make a good God , Clem ... all the God I need . 150 scene deleted 150 breathe - cherry revision - 28 July 2016 102 . 151 int . robin 's room , furlong - night 151 Robin have have another bleed , and diana be finish clean he up . as she gather up the blood - soak sheet and turn to leave - robin darling . breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 102a . she pause . robin that 's enough . diana yes. breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 103. robin I expect you know ... but just in case ... no one could have love you ... as much as I have love you . diana I know . robin my love . my life . she reach out to stroke he cheek . diana I too , Robin . my love . my life . 152 scene deleted 152 153 int . robin 's room , furlong - day 153 Robin be use he phone system , listen through a earphone . robin Clem ... it 's time . he listen to the person on the other end . robin today . now . he listen again . robin like a military op , eh ?... synchronise watch ... he listen , smile . robin thank you , Clem . I 'il be here . he operate the sensor to end the call . for a moment he let he eye close . he 's prepare himself . then he use the sensor again to ring he bell . diana come in . robin get Jonathan . diana go to the door and call . diana Jonathan ! breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 104 . then , back by Robin 's side - diana what 's this about ? robin no question . Jonathan come in . one glance at he mother and he know this be serious . they both turn they gaze on Robin . robin I want you both to listen very carefully ... you be to do exactly as I say ... this be very important ... promise I . diana yes . jonathan yes . diana take Jonathan 's hand in hers . robin I have come to the end ... I want to rest , as they say , in peace . diana oh my darling . robin not yet ... soon. jonathan tell we what you want we to do , dad . robin you be to leave the house just before eleven - thirty this morning ... go down to the pub ... you be to come back at twelve noon ... on the button . jonathan twelve noon . okay . beat . diana promise I I ’1ll have time to say goodbye . robin there 'il be time . 154 155 breathe - Tan revision - 2 August 2016 105 . ext . county lane / village pub - day 154 the clock on the church 's square timber - clad tower say twenty - five to twelve . diana and Jonathan walk past the church to the pub . they walk in silence . a red car pass , drive fast towards furlong . CUT to - they be sit at one of the outdoor pub table , wait , in silence . then - jonathan mum - diana no . do not say anything . she look across towards the church clock . ten to twelve . nothing show on she face , but beneath the table she hand be hold Jonathan 's tight . a barmaid come up . barmaid so what can I get you all today ? jonathan nothing for I , thanks . mum ? diana shake she head . barmaid strictly speak this table be reserve for customer only , I know we be not very busy right now , but what with it come up to lunchtime , though a few minute more will not hurt - jonathan it 's okay . we be just leave . the red car come past they down the road , drive away from furlong . a glimpse of the driver : clement aitken , look strain . scene deleted 155 156 breathe - Blue revision - 26 June 2016 106 . int . furlong - day 156 moving Pov - into the front hall . across to the door to Robin 's room . through the door into the room . across the room to Robin 's bed . there he lie , eye close , seemingly asleep . the respirator hiss away . the moving Pov approach Robin . his eye open . robin still here . diana and Jonathan sit down by he side . robin I shall go to sleep very soon . diana stroke Robin 's head and face . a unexpected peace settles over they . a rumble from Robin 's chest . some fleck of blood appear on he neck . diana move to clean he up . robin leave it . another beat of silence . on diana as she stroke Robin 's face . she 's very calm , almost as if she 's accept he 's go already . diana you go first , Jonathan . Jonathan kiss Robin 's cheek . jonathan bye , dad . I love you . Robin gaze long into Jonathan 's eye . robin my son . my boy ... you have give I more than you will ever know . beat . diana I do not have a farewell speech . you do not mind , do you ? robin no . diana you have give I a wonderful life . 157 158 breathe - double White - 18 August 2016 107-108. robin not quite what you be expect . he 's get drowsy now . diana no . robin nor I . diana I do love you , Robin . robin and I love you , my darling ... my beautiful wife . another beat of silence . they eye on each other . then Robin 's eye close . diana lean close and kiss he . wide - diana and Jonathan sit by Robin 's bed in silence . time pass . Jonathan take Robin 's hand and feel gently for the pulse on he wrist . he meet he mother 's eye . give a small nod . then he reach out and switch off the respirator . suddenly the silence be deafen . ext . african landscape - day 157 flying low over lake and plain . the red earth of Africa , the dark green forest . a whole world away ... scene deleted 158