brick written by rian Johnson 1 super MAIN title over a grimy concrete wall creep by . we emerge from ... ext . runoff tunnel - early morning a gape hole in the concrete side of a freeway . on the embankment beside the hole brendan frye squat , shoulder hunch . his dark eye behind thin glass watch the shallow stream of water which flow into the tunnel . the water not more than six inch deep . just beneath the surface a young woman 's pale blue arm in gaudy bracelet bat against the edge of she body like a dock boat . a pebble plink into the water beside it . 1 title card over black : " 2 day previous " int . locker cage - day a single locker . that same arm , bracelet and all , slip a note through the slat , then leave quickly . as the cage empty a lone figure slump to the locker . open it . the note fall to he foot . the figure be Brendan . he unfold the note ( fold in a triangle ) -- " 12:30 pico &amp ; alexander " . a STREET sign pico and Alexander . 2 a wrist watch 12:43 . Brendan look up from the watch . ext . STREET corner - day he sit on the curb of a wide suburban street , eat lunch from a brown bag and watch a phone booth on the corner . he show no surprise when it begin to ring . Brendan go to the phone and put the receiver to he ear . silence for a moment , then a thin female voice from the phone . 1 originally dode be later reveal to have be hide above the tunnel . 2 the street name be change in production to match exist street ( we could not afford to create custom street sign . ) 2 voice ( over phone ) Brendan ? brendan Emily ? emily ( weakly ) yeah . how 's thing ? brendan ( slow , deliberate ) status quo . emily yeah ? brendan uh huh . emily that 's good . her voice thin to a high , strain breath . she be cry . brendan what 's go on , em ? emily ( through strain cry ) it 's good to see you , Brendan . Brendan 's eye glance around the surround street . Emily be cry again . emily ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) it 's be some time . brendan two month . emily yeah . I do not even know you locker . I have to ask Brain . more cry noise . brendan em , why do not we meet somewhere ? emily I can not . 3 brendan why not ? emily I screw up real bad . I really screw up . brendan screw up how ? emily ( blubber , fast and incoherent ) I do what she say with the brick , I do not know it be bad , but the pin' on it now for poor Frisco and they be play it all on I - brendan slow down now , what ? emily you gotta help I Brendan I think tug - oh ! with a sharp breath the line click dead just as a black mustang roar by . Brendan drop the receiver and spin out of the booth . there , another pay phone up the hill -- empty . Brendan turn to the black mustang , far down the street . a man 's hand drop a cigarette butt from the driver side window . 1 the mustang turn the corner , go . Brendan walk after it , find the cigarette butt on the street . still smoking . a pale blue arrow be print on the filter . in the distance the class bell ring . ext . school hallway - day the high school be open air - the hallway be alleyway between building . a short kid with eyeglass the size of 1 because of the orientation of the street , this be all flip when we shot it , and the hand come from the passenger window . the dialogue in the end field scene be change to match , cause mass confusion for about half a hour on set . 4 volkswagen headlight sit against the wall . Brendan enter , lean on the wall beside he . brendan Brain . the brain hey Brendan . it 's be awhile . where you be eat ? brendan back of school . the brain huh . yeah , no one 's see you . what 's it be , a couple month ? brendan yeah , it 's be awhile . you give Emily my locker number ? the brain a few day ago . be I wrong ? brendan what ? the brain to give it ? brendan no . the brain it 's be so long , I do not know you two 's stat . brendan it have be awhile . who 's she be eat with ? the brain ( uncomfortable ) I dunno . it 's hard to keep track . brendan be it ? the brain ( shrug ) can be . the Brain avoid Brendan 's gaze . 5 brendan uh huh . a beat . the brain she have not be do too good . brendan yeah well . I be not look for a patch up . em 's life be she own . but she ask for my help . the brain help with what ? brendan I do not know . I do not even care , it 's not my business . I just want to know she 's ok , so I have get to find she . that 's all this be . the brain well . I know she be poke in with the ivy-bound cheerlead elite . Laura dannon 's crowd . across the parking lot a beautiful girl with dark long hair kiss a football player . brendan Laura dannon there with the rabbit ? the brain yeah . Brad bramish with she . cream on the upper crust . Brad laugh heartily . brendan ( softly ) he 's a sap . the brain know he ? brendan by sight . the brain I will not argue then . anyway em tag after they for a bit , but it do not work . so she pick she way down the food chain . last I see she be with whasshername , that drama vamp . small time dealer , augh , the evil one , the one you date - brendan kara . the brain that 's my bus . brendan you know she locker number ? the brain kara 's ? brendan em 's . the brain 239 . brendan thanks Brain . keep you specs on , find I if she show . the brain sure . the Brain trot off . in the distance Brad and Laura laugh , and he kiss she . her hair blow in the wind . ext . locker cage - day empty . locker 239 be open , its door swinging gently in the wind . ext . back of gym - day Brendan sit against the massive building , flipping through loose papers . he find two photograph , one of Emily hugging he , the other of Emily with a beautiful sharp - eye girl at a party , drink in hand . sort more papers , he find a red card with a sequine mask on the front . the bottom edge have be tear off . ext . parking lot - day Sixth period have break . mass of student pile into buss . 7 ext . school theater - day a huge chunk of brown building . Brendan stride towards it . int . school theater - continuous Drama people sit on the floor face the stage . Brendan step behind one , the sharp - eye girl from the picture . she hold a freshman boy 's head in she lap . pet it like a dog . she look back at Brendan , she face in shadow . girl ( through a mock smile ) hello , Brendan . brendan kara . kara come to see the show ? kiss the freshman 's forehead , purring . brendan no , I do not . ( nudge the freshman with he toe ) lapdog , blow . the freshman sit up , look to kara like a spook puppy . kara ( to the lapdog ) stay . ( to Brendan ) do not be mean . brendan I be all friendly . ( to the lapdog ) watch you head , kid - that thing bite . the dog pop up again . kara pull he down and nuzzle he ear . brendan ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) I need word . kara I be listen . 8 brendan about Emily kostich . she stop nuzzling a little too quickly . kara ( to the dog ) get I my purse . ( he go ) hurry ! he break into a trot . kara smile at Brendan . brendan still pick you tooth with freshmen ? kara you be a freshman once . she slide she finger up he arm . he growl and push they away . brendan Way once , sister . you and em be tight for a bit . who 's she eat with now ? kara eat with ? brendan eat with . lunch . who . kara you be a cutie . brendan you gonna tell I ? kara guess you be up from the underneath then . the whole jerr thing blow over . lucky strike , you and you partner get bull , you come up clean . but I guess you be always the brain of the outfit . 1 1 one of many instance of a allusion to the jerr backstory , most of which be trim back in the editing process for clarity . the author have threaten to write it as a stand alone short story , but probably never will , so in a nutshell : when Brendan and Emily be still a item she start hang out with jerr , a small time dealer . Brendan do not approve , so he partner up with jerr then ratted he out to trueman . Emily find out , and that lead to they breakup on the field , which we see in a flashback . 9 brendan where 's Emily ? kara sometimes I wonder why I dumped you . brendan ( stand to go ) god. kara I do not know where she 's at , Brendan . brendan I know you do , so why do not you want I to find she ? kara maybe I be look out for you . brendan ( go ) well I appreciate that . kara Brendan ... you look to get back into thing ? I could use you . he be go . behind kara , the play go on . int . backstage of theater - continuous the play be see in shadow - play through the backdrop . Brendan slip in through a exit door , cross the backstage area and enter the dress room . int . dressing room - continuous cramped and empty . picture of kara with friend be stick in the mirror . Brendan roughly search drawer , bag , pocket ... nothing . he stop . a red edge behind one of the photo - the same red card with a mask on it , but whole . across the bottom in small print : " Halloween in January - call for detail - 555-2394 " int . brendan be room - night Brendan pull a phone across he desk and dial the number on the flyer . 10 woman' voice ( over phone ) hello ? Brendan hesitates . brendan hello , mar 'am , this be Tom , I be a friend from school . could I speak to ... he trail off . woman' voice ( over phone ) oh , hi Tom . Laura 's here , hold on . laura' voice ( over phone ) yes ? brendan I be call for detail . laura' voice for what ? brendan detail about the party . laura' voice who be this ? brendan I do not think we have meet . laura' voice well then I do not think you be invite to my party . it 's a rather exclusive gather . brendan I can imagine . ( she start to speak , he cut she off ) you should really work on you invite management . that might be a personal ' room for improvement ' area in you life . but discretion of you invite send aside , I have procure a certain someone 's invitation , and would like detail . a beat of silence . 11 laura' voice you think you be cute , whoever you be . brendan wait will you get a load of my feel fedora and spat . laura' voice who be you ? or I will hang up . brendan you do not know I - I will save you some time . laura' voice I know everyone and I have get all the time in the world . brendan folly of youth . ask whose invitation I have get . laura' voice ( slightly ) what you say . brendan Emily kostich . a beat . laura' voice 15 Bush street , up in stockton cove . buzz 42 at the gate . nine o'clock . but who - Brendan hang up . he fold he hand under he chin and stare at the phone , perfectly still . the clock on he desk say 4:53 . dissolve to : 7:37 Brendan at he desk , tapping away at tetris . dissolve to : 8:30 the desk be empty , tetris pause . a shower run behind a ajar door in the background . 12 ext . stockton cove gate - night a impose private community gate . Brendan coast up on he bike and ditch it in the bush . he check the call box directory : " 42 -- dannon " use the call box as a hand hold he hop the gate and walk briskly up the street . ext . stockton cove STREET - night shiny car line the curb . Party noise come from a upscale two story house . Brendan take a short breath , then stride up to the front door . int . live room large and clean , with a two story ceiling and a raile staircase at one end . Fifteen or twenty clean people , some in costume , mill about in clique . Brendan come in as if he do not mind who see he come in . he get a couple odd stare , but no one stop he . with non obtrusive confidence he cut through the crowd to the beer keg in back and draw half a cup . int . parlour - same richly adorn , crowded , light with bright pool of light . Brendan drift in and stand in the back , deep in shadow . the music come from a baby grand piano set against one wall . Laura dannon lean against it . she wear a red kimono , and be strike against the velvet black piano . Laura 's kid sister , 11 year old with glass , sit at the piano play " all I do be dream of you " . Laura sing , lovely and soft but with strength . 1 Brendan watch from the back , he face obscure in shadow , but he eye gleam . through the darken window behind he a match flare up , and someone stand outside light a cigarette . Laura finish the song . the room applaud , and she ruffle she kid sister 's hair . Brendan duck out , and into 1 by the time we get around to production this have change to " someone to watch over I , " but the publishing rights prove too expensive ( i.e. not free . ) we choose the Gilbert &amp ; Sullivan song , which besides be lovely be also in the public domain ( i.e. free . ) 13 int . live room - same Brad bramish , the jock who be kissing Laura in the parking lot , sit slouched on the couch in a dense crowd . he hold a cup and speak much too loudly to a guy name biff at he elbow . brad if the coach want to play I I will play , but I can not put my best game in if I have get to worry about whether I be go to be in there . halftime last game , coach be piss I run it on a pass play , out on the field he say to I ' you gotta think about the team and you gotta ' you know and ' if you run that ball again you be out ' , and I say to he you gotta let I play ! I be out there , let I play , and he 's say ' no you be out ' and I keep say ' let I play ! let I play ! let I play ! ' , just right in he face - biff he be ! brad just ' let I play ! let I play ! let I play ! ' ' no you gotta ' ' no , let I play ! let I play ! let I play !' Brad hunch forward , he face swollen purple , yell that over and over . Tom step in front of Brendan , block he line of sight . Brendan scan the rest of the room . his eye catch on Laura , lean against a divan . her bright , sharp eye cut through the room , straight into Brendan . he wag he eyebrow at she . she look away quickly . Brendan turn back to Brad , still shouting ' let I play ' . Tom stand between they . brendan Tom ! Brad fall silent . most of the room follow suit . Tom turn around . Brendan smile good naturedly . brendan ( cont would ) could you step aside , please ? I be try to follow Brad 's story , and it 's difficult when I can not see he face . 14 the room watch Brendan . Tom mumble something and step aside . Brad stare at Brendan stupidly . Brendan flash a dopey grin and tip he glass . brad ( stumble ) he do not give I a play to make , what can I do , you know ? he fall into awkward silence . biff start babbling . Brendan look at Brad , who be stare back at he . Brendan then slowly drag he gaze over to Laura , stare at he too , she eye slightly amused . Brendan cock a eyebrow . the slight hint of a smile take the corner of she mouth , and she wag she eyebrow once at he . Brendan glance back at Brad , look at Laura now , not amused at all . Brendan stand to go . biff chatter on . Brad cut he off . brad ( cont would ) hey . hey ! what be you do here ? brendan leave . brad oh yeah ? brendan uh huh . unless you anecdote 's get a 2nd act . brad why do not you leave ? brendan ( leave ) that 's what I be do . int . dark room with a light wet bar at one end . Brendan go to the bar , put ice in a glass and crack it with liquor . LAURA ( o.s. ) whiskey ? Brendan pause , glass touch he lip . 15 brendan jameson . he downs half of it . LAURA I like a man who know what he 's drink . brendan that 's a pretty sick thing to be attract to . LAURA Brad 's not a good guy to get on the wrong side of . brendan uh huh . they stare at each other in silence . she study he face . the break light of the bar make she feature seem liquid . LAURA fearless flyer . quit you yappin and fix I one . and slip out a slide glass door . he fill another glass with whiskey and cut he with water . ext . back patio - night Brendan join Laura , hand she a drink . suburban light fill the valley below . Laura sip she drink . LAURA I will never get through all this . brendan uh huh . she sip more . LAURA I know you old partner jerr since grade school . tough break . how long be you two join up before you operation get the sting ? 16 brendan a few month . could have help himself out by turn I in , but he take the heat . he be a good guy . solid . LAURA be he ? brendan you know he . LAURA yeah I do . so why be you here tonight ? brendan I be look for Emily . LAURA she be not invite . brendan she have a invitation . LAURA well like you say , I have get to work on that . em 's be awol for a good month , nobody 's see she . brendan I see she yesterday . LAURA nearly nobody 's see she . so what do she tell you ? brendan ( wince ) score 0 for finesse . LAURA listen , you be scratch at the wrong door . I be not with Emily enough to know detail of what she be in , I just get wind of the downfall , and I do not get any detail of that , except that it be bad . so now that we be show some card ... brendan if you have not get a finger in em 's trouble , why would she name get I into you rather exclusive party ? 17 LAURA keep up with I now . I do not know , but it sound like you do , and a body 's get a right to be curious . now I be not so sure . brendan well I will put that body to bed . I do not know a damn thing about whatever trouble , and that work for I . I just want to find she . a long beat . Laura study Brendan 's face , then seem to come to a decision . LAURA coffee and pie . the word hang in the air a moment . a look of recognition from Brendan . brendan coffee and pie oh my ? LAURA and you do not hear it from I . he sip he drink . a voice call from the glass door . another girl . Laura flash Brendan a look and go to she . they have quick , quiet word and the girl leave . Laura turn back to Brendan . LAURA ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) will you wait here for I ? brendan sure . LAURA you will stay right here and wait -- I will be five minute . brendan yes . the moment she leave Brendan run across the lawn and hop the fence , into the neighbor 's yard . ext . side of house Brendan run to the edge of the neighbor house and peek around . Laura come out the front door , cut across the lawn and sidewalk and trot out into the street . Brendan 18 begin to follow , but a noise from behind the fence stop he - a match be strike . Brendan creep towards the fence and peer through a splinter hole . brendan be Pov - through the fence a brightly light window in the side of Brad 's house , and through the window the party . a dark figure wear a long coat and broad rimmed hat , all inky black . the figure smoke a cigarette and watch the party , absently stroking he cheek . Brendan step back - SNAP ! a twig . the figure freeze . then , make no noise at all , it spin to face Brendan , a tower black form against the window . the glow cigarette fall to the grass . a metallic glint , and a click sound not unlike a gun . Brendan throw himself backwards onto the grass . a beat . through the hole the black of the figure 's cloak whip away . Brendan hesitates , then hop the fence . ext . side of brad' house - same Brendan land on he foot . no black figure to be find . the cigarette still smolder on the ground . Hand roll , plain paper . Brendan gaze through the window , catch he breath . then he break the trance and creep towards the street . ext . front lawn - night peek around the house , Brendan see Laura cut across the lawn and trot into the street . use park car as cover , Brendan follow . ext . STREET between car , Brendan see a lanky kid in baggy jeans and engineer boot with a clean shaven head lean against a black mustang . Laura go to he and speak quickly . 19 the dark figure in the hat emerge from the shadow . Laura say something to he . grunting something angrily , he get in the car with the bald kid and peel off . Laura turn and slowly walk towards the house . when she be go Brendan stand , throw a look back at the house and walk off down the street , towards the guard gate . ext . back patio the two drink , where Brendan leave they . Laura take hers and drain it . the suburban light twinkle like star . ext . carrow parking lot - day the sun rise over carrow family restaurant , a squat structure back against the weedy edge of the runoff tunnel ravine . a banner from 1973 in the window - " coffee and pie oh my ! " a pack of six pale stoner slump against the rear dumpster . they beady eye follow Brendan in sync as he approach . he go to the nearest one . brendan where 's dode ? stoner 1 dunno , bra . silence and blank stare . Brendan calmly move to the next stoner . brendan dode ? stoner 2 uh uh . Brendan move to the next one . a thin head poke from around the dumpster . dode hey Brendan . maybe you should not be here . Brendan step around the dumpster . dode slump against the wall , thin and delicate in dusty black . slivery eye , pale lip , muffle intelligence . 20 brendan kara tell I you know where em 's at . dode uh huh . and why be you look for em ? brendan she ask for my help . dode uh huh . listen man , I have get plenty on my plate without deal with some jilted ex . brendan it 's not about that . dode whatever it 's about , act smarter than you look and drop it . brendan where be she ? dode she 's with I , and right now that 's the best place for she . leave the low life to the low lifer and dangle . brendan you be on the bright side of dim , dode , but if I think you have this half - handle I would be eat lunch . where 's she at ? dode better get while it 's good . Brendan do not . dode ( cont would ) heel it now , dig ? the 5 big stoner appear behind Brendan , threaten . dode turn he head away to light a joint . Brendan 's fist slam into he face , send the joint spin . Brendan slam dode 's frail frame against the dumpster . the 5 stoner stand in the exact same position , deer in the headlight . one make a half heart motion to intervene . 21 big stoner back off . brendan throw one at I if you want , hash head . I have get all five sense and I sleep last night , that put I six up on the lot of you . big stoner just easy - Brendan slam dode into the wall . brendan ( to dode ) where 's em ? dode ( deliberate ) she 's with I . she be tight when she call you , man . come to and freak . she tell I to shake you if you come by . Said you would only make thing worse . Brendan cover how shake he be by this statement fairly well . he drop dode . stoner 1 ( o.s. ) put he down , man ! dode deal with whatever this be not about and drop it . big stoner ( to Brendan ) nothing more here , bra . brendan tell Emily I want to see she . tell she if she still want my help or not that 's she business , but I want to hear it straight from she . dode she do not - Brendan walk away . brendan today . she know where I eat lunch . 22 when Brendan be a safe distance away the biggest stoner shout with conviction big stoner and stay out , punk ! ext . sidewalk - continuous Brendan hide behind a tall clump of bush . a moment later dode hustle away from carrow . Brendan follow . ext . STREET - early morning the sun be rise as Brendan tail dode through the twisty suburban street . Brendan take cover as dode stop by a white hatchback . a girl get out of the car and embrace dode . her wrist be adorn with the same cheap plastic bracelet as the dead girl 's arm . dode speak quickly to she , she nod and speak back . he hand she a slip of paper , which she tuck into a brightly color address book and slip in she jacket pocket . they embrace again , dode walk off and the girl get in she car . Brendan stumble after the car , but it be quickly go . he watch it go , then follow dode back towards school . ext . school theater - morning dode slump into the front door of the brown building . Brendan watch he from a distance , eye thoughtful . after a beat he turn and walk off into the thicken crowd of student . fade out : fade up ext . back of school - midday Brendan eat lunch alone on a concrete wall beside a long , empty utility road behind the school . later reclining on the wall , read " Lord of the fly " . he raise he eye , and sit up suddenly . 23 off in the distance on the utility road a tiny figure approach , stumbling . Brendan jump and hit the ground run towards the figure . meet the girl with cheap bracelet , the girl dode speak to , the dead girl , Emily . he catch she just as she stumble and fall and carry she into the shade of a cover hallway . ext . school hallway - continuous Emily and Brendan sit in silence . she be very pretty , but she look bad . too much makeup , not enough sleep . she sniffles , speak to she shoe . emily I must have sound pretty crazy on the phone . yesterday . she tap she shoe together lightly , eye fix on they . emily ( cont would ) it be dumb , I get paranoid over a really stupid thing . I be high , I go crazy for a little bit , but now you have to forget about it . please . that 's how you can help I now , forget about it . she turn she weak eye to Brendan for the first time . his stare be unwaver , search . she push on . emily ( cont would ) Brendan , I know you be mad at all this people , cause you think I go away from you and go to they . but you have get to start see it as my decision , stop be angry because where I want to be at 's different from where you wanna be at . brendan ( angry ) who feed you that line , em ? she look back at she shoe . emily and stop pick on dode . he 's a good guy . brendan the carrow rat ? 24 emily he 's a good friend . brendan so what be I ? emily ( strain anger ) yeah , what be you ? eat back here , not like anybody , how be you judge anyone ? I love you alot but I could not stand it , I have to get with people . I could not heckle life with you , I have to see what be what . a beat . she tap she clog . one have a hole wear through the sole . her face contort , seize up , and she be sobbing . emily ( cont would ) I be sorry Brendan . she bury she face in he shoulder . he have a hard time speak . brendan you have get to come back to I , em . emily no. no. never . I be sorry . never . I can not love on you term , Brendan . I can not do that , I be not like you . brendan you be in a spot , I can get you out of it . come back to I , and whatever heat follow you I will deal with . emily no . you be not hearing I , no . I do not want to be put away and protect . no . emily ( cont would ) no . brendan tell I about the trouble , the brick and the pin - emily you gonna fix thing like you do with jerr ? no . I come to say goodbye , for good . whatever you have to do to let I go , do it . I be gonna let you go , I have 25 decide that . make sure that , you have get to , promise you will not torture yourself , that you will let I go . she embrace he , envelop he in she jacket . his face be a freeze mask . emily ( cont would ) let I go . as she pull away he mechanically slip a address book from she jacket pocket . he watch she as she walk away . int . classroom Brendan sit in the back , flipping through the address book . the teacher drone on about the significance of the pig 's head in " Lord of the fly " . 1 the address book illegible scribbles , name , number , nothing that stop he search - then the note dode give she , a corner of loose - leaf paper which look like this : Brendan study the paper intently . ext . school hallway - day the Brain study the paper . buss pull into the parking lot behind they . Brendan be distant , lose in think . the brain hm . do you know anything else about this ? 1 we one and only scene in a classroom be move to Brendan 's lunch spot to save we a location change . the degree to which the lack of classroom time in the film have be comment on have always bemuse the author , who cannot for the life of he remember a single interesting thing that happen in a classroom in high school . 26 brendan ( shake he head ) mm. the brain slim picking . why would you let dode fly when he come back to whose - she - name , at the theater ? brendan ( shrug dismissively ) kara . it 's they turf , I could not hear they without be see , and that would only biff they play . best to know it 's there , let it ride and see what come of it . ( touch the paper ) but anyway . the brain hm . well , if this be what I think it be , it do not come straight from dode , less he 's play out of he league . ( beat ) I can only give you my best guess . brendan yeah . the brain when the upper crust do shady deed they do they in different spot around town . I know under the pier 's one , down by the bike trail in the state park 's another . there 's alot of they . the pitch be they have get little symbol for each one , and that 's how they tell each other the place , so word will not get around . so this might be that . brendan but dode would not know it ? the brain this be upper crust . dode 's pie pan grease . Brendan study the symbol . brendan call anything up ? 27 the brain how many place start with ' a '? or if it 's a shape , or just a random symbol . anyway , even if you figure it out , what good could you do ? she 's smart , she know the play , she 's gun to square thing . brendan yeah . the brain you say she business be none of yours , so she 's alright , forget it now . go home , sleep . int . brendan' bedroom - night sparsely furnish . Brendan play tetris on he computer , stare off into space . his mom 's voice call " good night " and the hallway light turn off . later 10:30 by the clock radio on Brendan 's nightstand . the slip of paper rest beside it . Brendan lie in bed , stare at the symbol on the paper . his eye tense . the symbol grow larger , burn with a searing intensity , then fold into darkness . Water rush overhead , over concrete , concrete with a hole in it -- the runoff tunnel , just for a instant , then back underwater , scream . Brendan choke , scream , plunging upwards . a woman with no face fall from the darkness and kiss he , she long hair sweeping around he then pull away . as the last strand slide off he face he wake up with a start . the clock say 3:46 . Brendan drip with sweat , breathe raggedly . he take the paper and a pencil from the nightstand and shade the symbol to look like this : flash CUT - the runoff tunnel , lining up perfectly with the now shade symbol . back to brendan 28 his eye turn uneasy as he remove he glass and click off the light . ext . brendan' house - dawn Brendan walk off into the hazy pre-dawn light . ext . edge of ravine Brendan stop at a high wall of weed , listen to the low gurgle of move water . slowly , robotically he push through . emily's body face down , bob gently in shallow water . bluish white . Red foam cling to she . ext . runoff tunnel silently , as if lower by a string Brendan sink down , squatting in the mud . his lung empty in one choppy breath . he pull he glass off sluggishly . emily's arm lifeless , pale . brendan' face a contort , freeze mask , eye wet . emily's hair stringy , flow gently in the water . brendan' eye daze , drift ... then suddenly snap to attention . a noise . from the tunnel . Brendan freeze . the inky blackness of the tunnel mouth open like a vacuum ... silent , but then - the scrape of a shoe against concrete , then echoing footstep run away . Brendan spring like a cat , sprinting into the tunnel . 29 int . tunnel nearly pitch black . 2 set of run footfalls . Brendan be chase , run full speed into the blackness , heart pound - we almost do not notice that Brendan 's be now the only footfalls . Brendan notice . he stop . silence in the darkness , except for Brendan 's breath ... and someone near ... slam ! Brendan take a fist in the cheek and go down . a inky black figure step from the shadow and kick he in the stomach . Brendan curl on the ground , the figure over he . figure ( low whisper ) you little em. the figure run off . Brendan raise he head painfully - the figure be silhouett briefly against the distant bright end of the tunnel , then be go . ext . runoff tunnel - early morning Emily 's body be still there . Brendan crawl out of the tunnel and collapse in the shallow water , beside the body . he rest he head on he arm , eye on em 's hair . ext . campus - early morning cold and barren , nearly empty . Brendan limp across the barren lawn . ext . phone booths a line of phone booth on campus . Brendan nearly collapse against one . he dial , still in a stupor . voice on phone Saint clement police . Brendan stare into space , eye burn voice on phone ( cont would ) Saint clement police , hello ? hello ? Brendan hang up . ext . library - continuous early morning mist below a squat brick building . 30 int . library warmly light , shelter the few soul scattered here and there at table . the Brain sit at one of they read a impossibly large book . he watch curiously as Brendan approach he . the brain hey , Brendan . Brendan fall into a chair . the Brain look he over . the brain ( cont would ) you be up early . brendan ( thick , distant ) I could not sleep . the brain ( nod , back to he book ) find Emily ? Brendan breathes out softly . the brain ( cont would ) you alright ? brendan yeah . what , be you here for zero ? the brain Nah , I gotta take the early bus , cause the other do not run by my street . brendan bad break . the brain eh. time to read 's nice . so what 's the word with em ? brendan she 's go . the brain can not raise she ? brendan no , I can not . the brain so what now ? 31 brendan now . I do not know . I guess it 's ... I do not know . Brendan take a long moment . he stare down at he glass , wet with condensation . brendan ( cont would ) Brain , I can not let she go . I be set to but I can not . I do not think I can . the brain you think you can help she ? brendan no . the brain you think you can get the straight , maybe break some deserve tooth ? brendan yeah . I think I could . the brain well . Brendan rub he forehead . brendan kara try to rope I . she come right out and ask . she be scared . tell I to walk from this , Brain . tell I to drop it . the brain walk from it . Drop it . ( grin ) you be thick as what - all , Brendan . brendan yes I be . Brendan clean he glass . he look Brain in the eye , and he mannerism come back into focus . brendan ( cont would ) I would need you to op. like on jerr , but that be cake to this . and unlike jerr , there 's not much chance we will come out clean . twenty four seven on this one . you okay to op for I again ? 32 the Brain barely smile . the brain what first , tip the bull ? Brendan put on he glass , stand to go . brendan no , bull would gum it . they would flash they dusty standard at the wide - eye and probably find some yegg to pin , probably even the right one . but they would trample the real track and scare the real player back into they hole , and if we be do this I want the whole story . no cop , not for a bit . the brain so what first ? brendan I do not know . you mom still have the cell ? the brain in she car . brendan borrow it for a few day , get I the number . ( stand to go ) wait for my word , and cover for I first period . I be go to be a little late . ext . basketball field - day a vast field of asphalt segment by a dozen basketball court outline in crack paint . 1 Brendan trudge across it , he step heavy . he stop and stand very still , stare at the ground for a beat then raise he eye to the horizon flat , gray , pin straight . Brendan 's voice start speak rapidly , confident and clear . 1 this describe the location at my school that the " showdown " scene be originally write for . between when I write the script and when we shot it , however , the school expand and build portable classroom on the basketball field , and so we reluctantly move this scene to the football field . 33 brendan ( o.s. ) yeah it be personal . jerr spook some decent gee and run around some what be straight with he , but I be nobody 's bull runner . this be not a business sit . but yeah . I bull he . get in tight , partner up and send he over . pan around to reveal brendan . he look different , edgier , more alive , wear different clothes and a thin goatee1 . he keep talk directly at we . brendan ( cont would ) I would bull the lot of they , em , I would burn down the whole party if they try to play you again . jerr and whoever 's next . I want to keep you safe . a arm swing into frame , wear cheap plastic bracelet and pale blue fingernail polish . it slap Brendan hard in the face . he catch it . Emily wrench she arm away and stumble backwards onto the pavement . Brendan grab she sleeve . she twist away . he grab she shoulder , grab she waist , she resist , and suddenly they be struggle with violent pent up intensity until with a shout she break away and fall to the ground . a beat . gull cry in the distance . emily you can not keep I safe , Brendan . I be in a bigger world now , and you can not hide I from it , and you can not beat it . not if I do not want you to . Brendan 's face look lumpish , while Emily 's be strong . she stand and walk off into the distance across the barren field . brendan' face watch she go . it be back to present day , pale , clean shaven , sullen . his eye be cold with resolve . ext . runoff tunnel - early morning Brendan sloshes down into the water . without delicacy he lift Emily 's body and pull she back into the tunnel . int . runoff tunnel 1 which Joe would not even consider , thank god . 34 pitch back . Brendan lay the body down . two beady eye peer at he from the darkness - he freeze . the eye hop forward - a gull . the two watch each other for a moment , then the gull squawk and flutter out the bright mouth of the tunnel . Brendan follow it without look back at the body . 1 ext . crowded hallway - day Brendan and the Brain lean against a wall . the Brain slip he a piece of paper . the brain there 's the cell number . brendan keep it on vibrate . the brain ( pat he jacket pocket ) yeah . brendan better stop meeting I in the open too . I be go to start get visible , and I need you on the underneath . I will call . the brain trueman ask for you . want word in he office . brendan I bet . keep he off I - stonewall he , he will not bite , just keep he away from I . the brain I will try . so what 's first ? brendan make em 's trouble mine . I be go to throw a few word at you , tell I if they catch . Brick . the brain no . 1 a very early draft hold on the tunnel after Brendan leave , and reveal a dark figure ( dode ) creep away from the top of the tunnel , cause the pebble describe on page 1 to plink into the water . 35 brendan or bad brick . the brain no . brendan tug. the brain tug ... that might be a drink . brendan drink ? the brain vodka and milk or something , or maybe not . brendan poor Frisco . the brain Frisco . Frisco farr1 be a sophomore last year , I think . Real trash , maybe hit a class a week . do not know he then , and have not see he around . brendan pin. the brain pin ... the pin ? brendan the pin , yeah . the brain the pin 's kind of a local spook story . you know the kingpin ? brendan I have hear it . the brain same thing . suppose to be old , like 26 , life in town . 1 all apology to Frisco farr , who the author do actually go to school with , and who be neither a druggie nor `real trash ' , but be a great guy who simply have a very cool sounding name . he be now ( the author be horrify to learn ) practice law . 36 brendan jake1 runner , right ? the brain Big time ... maybe . ask any dope rat where they junk spring they will say they scrape it from that who score it from this who buy it off so , and after four or five connection the list will always end with the pin . but I will becha you get every rat in town together and say ' show you hand ' if any of they have actually see the pin , you would get a crowd of full pocket . brendan you think the pin 's just a tale to take whatever heat ? the brain ( shrug . beat ) but what 's first ? brendan a show of hand . int . backstage of theater Brendan stride past forest scenery and drama geek , through another door and into sunlight . ext . back of theater - day kara smoke a cigarette . Brendan lean beside she . kara ( annoyed ) hey Brendan . here for the show ? brendan no. kara would you go then , honey , cause I have get this headache . brendan try smoking like a chimney , I have hear that help . 1 in a admittedly paltry concession to clarity , this be change to ` dope runner ' in post production . 37 Brendan grab the pack of cigarettes . brendan ( cont would ) be not this dode 's brand ? kara snap she head towards he , a flash of anger . she catch herself and smile cooly . kara you do not know dode 's brand . brendan oh I do now . angry again , kara snatch the pack from he . brendan ( cont would ) I be go to start shaking thing up . give I the story and you might miss the bite . kara the story about what ? brendan alright . he turn and walk away . kara the story about what ? brendan I do not want to play game if you have get a headache . get I if you want to spill it , but I can not guarantee safe passage after tonight . kara I do not know what - at the stage door , not slow . brendan tell the pin that Brad be my call card , and I need word . kara Brad bramish ? through the door and into the theater . 38 int . backstage of theater - continuous he spin to see kara 's face just before the door close . she 's worried . ext . crowded school hallway - day the Brain walk out of a classroom and Brendan swing behind he . brendan ( fast and low ) tail kara through lunch . she 's get rehearsal but she will blow early . she go home , drop she , else wait for my call . the Brain turn and Brendan 's go . ext . parking lot - lunch Brendan wander through the thick lunchtime crowd towards a cluster of 3 or 4 flashy luxury car set aside at the far end of the lot . Brad bramish sit slouched in the front seat of he convertible , front door open . a small crowd hang about Brad , he crony biff at he elbow . brad that 's all I be say , be put I in the game and I will do what need to be do , but they do not put I in , what need do do not get do and do not come cry to I , man . get off my grill man , you do not put I in , do not come to I if you do not let I play . biff they do not ! Brendan scan the rest of the car . his eye catch on Laura dannon sit in another convertible , off to the side . her bright eye cut through the crowd , straight into Brendan . he wag he eyebrow at she . she look away . Brendan walk into Brad 's direct line of view and obviously lean against one of the car . brad hey ! what be you do here ? 39 brendan listen . brad uh huh . brendan alright , you get I . I be a scout for the gopher . brad ( not amused ) oh yeah ? brendan of all thing , yeah . be watch you game for a month , but that story just now clench it . you have get heart , kid . how soon can you move to minneapolis ? a few snicker around the crowd , but nowhere near Brad . brad ( flat with anger ) yeah ? brendan cold winter , but they have get a great public transit system . brad yeah ? brendan yeah . brad oh yeah ? brendan there 's a thesaurus in the library . ' yeah 's under ' y ' . go ahead , I will wait . brad who invite you ? brendan to the parking lot ? well gee I kind of invite myself . brad I think you would better leave then . 40 brendan no , I be have too good a time . brad just the same . Brendan smile slightly , and very deliberately cross he leg . Brad 's face tense . brad ( cont would ) maybe you want to go someplace more private . brendan with you ? Brad say ' who else ? ' by lift he arm . brendan ( cont would ) ( as if he 's be ask to the movie ) sure . Brendan stand and walk off . Brad follow and the rest of the crowd trail after he . he lead they behind a park vw van and turn to face Brad . people gather around in a wide circle . Brendan pull he jacket off as Brad hang back , mumble . brad you know what 's good for you you will just beat it . beating a small frye will not win I anything and it 's not go to do you any good - Laura pull up in she convertible , behind Brad , watch . in the next moment Brendan cut Brad off by put he fist in he face . Brad grunt but do not lose ground . Brendan throw he short stocky frame into Brad 's larger one and tenderize he midsection with jab . Brad tag Brendan in the rib , then smack the palm of he hand into Brendan 's face , shove he back onto the pavement . he come at Brendan with he big fist clench . Brendan kick Brad full force in the shin . 41 Brad tumble , and Brendan come up fast , connect hard with the point of Brad 's chin . Brad get he balance fast , and before Brendan can throw another he throw one himself , then another , both into Brendan 's stomach . Brendan pull back and kick Brad 's shin where he have kick it before . Brad roar and hit Brendan very hard in the face . Brendan bounce back like a rubber ball and throw he weight into a square punch right into Brad 's nose . the sound of egg break , and Brad fall backwards like a board . he stay down , hold he face . Brendan stagger back , breathe hard , and look up at the small crowd . some stare at Brendan , some at Brad , but nobody seem about to do anything . Brendan run he sleeve over he face and walk unsteadily off , push past the last few people rush over . straggler hey , be there a fight ? brendan yeah . he throw a last look at Laura , who meet he gaze and drive off . ext . school parking lot sidewalk - continuous Brendan walk away from the lot , towards the school . Laura pull up beside he in she car . LAURA hey . Brendan ignore she and b-line for the school . Laura brake hard , parking by the curb . ext . school hallway - continuous Brendan limp down the hallway . Laura appear behind he , trot to catch up . LAURA you be quite a pill . brendan uh huh . 42 LAURA where be you go ? brendan Home . LAURA why do you take a powder the other night ? brendan same reason I be take one now . LAURA hold it . ( he keep walk ) I do not get you . that 's a chilly heel to be give a girl who 's where you want to know about . brendan I will get where I be go just fine . LAURA I want to help you . brendan go away . silence behind he . he stop , turn wearily . she look genuinely hurt . brendan ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) look , I can not trust you . you ought to be smart enough to know that . I do not shake the party up to get you attention , and I be not heeling you to hook you . you connection could help I , but the bad baggage they bring could make it zero sum game or even hurt I , so I be better off come at it clean . LAURA I would not have to lead you in by the hand - brendan I can not trust you . Brad be a sap , you be not , you be with he and so you be play he , so you be a player . with you behind I I would have to tie one eye up watch both you hand , and I can not spare it . 43 LAURA you be not Brad . brendan no , I be not . he turn and walk away . she do not follow . ext . school payphone - afternoon Brendan slump against it , receiver to he ear , lick a bruise lip . he wear dark glass . the brain ( on the phone ) you do not call . brendan sorry . kara go home though , do not she ? the brain yeah , but she stop at a payphone and make two call that she do not want on she phone bill . brendan get the number ? the brain no. sorry . brendan s'alright . be I and Brad front page news ? the brain all the buzz . you really do that ? brendan yeah . the brain why ? be Brad the pin ? brendan Brad 's a sap . I down he on he field and he crew do not bite . so now I know he 's a sap and anyone who act like he be not be profiting by it . that 's not why I rough he , though . 44 brain for kick ? brendan economics . Brad 's the school 's biggest jake buyer , so if this pin be behind all the sell , I just get he attention . anyway , now 's just shaking thing out . look , you know a kid around the burgh , lanky , short , shave head , turn a black tang ? the brain I tell you before I do not know the car . that type be a nickel a pound , but nobody I know that you do not . and trueman again - brendan keep he off . and keep you specs on - I need to find that kid . the brain okay . Brendan hang up and turn sluggishly . a lanky kid with a short shave head and engineer boot punch he in the face . Brendan hit the pavement . the lanky kid be over he in a split second , beat he face and body with short , heavy blow . flashes of the lanky kid - a shiny scar shape like a thin triangle run down the side of he face . after a brief silent thrashing the kid walk off with several other blurry figure . a car peel out and roar off o.s . Brendan lie still . the class bell ring , very distant . leg criss cross before he eye , each blur the world a bit more until it be completely smear . fade out . fade in : int . office Brendan sit with a ice pack against he head in a tiny office . a man in he early thirty behind a wood color 45 desk and name plate , " gary trueman , assistant vice principal " play with a pencil . trueman you do not know this boy ? brendan no sir , never see he . trueman and he just hit you ? brendan like I say , he ask for my lunch money first . good thing I brown bag it . trueman train a good nature dubious eye on Brendan . trueman alright Brendan . I have be look to talk to you . Brendan do not react . trueman ( cont would ) you have help this office out before . brendan no . I give you jerr to see he eat , not to see you feed . trueman Fine , and well put . brendan accelerate English , Mrs. kasprzyk . trueman tough teacher ? brendan tough but fair . trueman mm. anyway then , we know you be clean , and you have , despite you motive , you have be a asset to we . I think you be a good kid . brendan uh huh . 46 trueman I want to run a couple name by you . Brendan stand to go . trueman ( cont would ) we be not do here . brendan ( angry ) I be do here three month ago . I tell you then I would give you jerr and that be that , I be not you inside line and I be not you boy . trueman that 's not a very helpful - brendan ( anger build ) you know what I be in if the wrong yeg see I pull in here ? trueman what be you in ? brendan no . and no more of this informal chat - if you have get a discipline issue with I write I up or suspend I and I will see you at the parent conference . trueman hold it , I could - hold it - could write you up for talk back to a vp . for look at I in a threaten way . I would exercise a little more tact , Mr. frye . you can not pull a play like that unless I need you for something . so do I ? brendan maybe . trueman so maybe you be gonna need I too . brendan maybe . alright , I need you off my back completely for a few week . there might be some heat soon . 47 trueman ( interested ) if it 's something I can not cover , I will not go to bat for you . brendan if I get catch like that it 's curtain anyway - I could not have brass cut I favor in public . I be just say now so you do not come kick in my homeroom door once trouble start . trueman bite a thumbnail . trueman okay , here 's what I can do . I will not pin you for anything you be not catch at . I will ride it a little while , as long as it do not get too rough . but if anything come up with you fingerprint on it , I can not help you . also , if I get to the end of whatever this be and it get hot and you do not deliver , the veep will need someone to hand over , police - wise . and I will have you . there better be some meat at the end of this like you say , or at least a fall guy , or you be it . brendan sure I be . get one more favor to ask . ext . administration build - afternoon Gary trueman throw Brendan out . trueman get the hell off my campus , punk ! Brendan glance around , and limp off . ext . carrow parking lot - afternoon no stoner , no dode . Brendan breathes uneasily . ext . payphone by carrow - afternoon Brendan lean against it . the brain no , dode 's mia all around . 48 brendan I be 9 of 10 that kara 's get he , but who know where . I shook but she 's not spilling . the brain no more job offer ? so she 's get a play . brendan and I know enough about kara to let that worry I . alright , keep you specs on for he . any other news ? the brain some . Laura dannon come to I look for you . brendan ( consider this ) she do , huh ? the brain fourth period , nearly shook I upside down . can not say I do not enjoy it , but why would she come to I ? brendan she 's tapping kara , and kara know you know I . the brain yeah , well . she 's some piece of work . if I have know where you be I might have tell she . brendan that 's the spirit . ask around for dode , tail kara again at lunch . I get knife in my eye , I be go home sick . I will call you tonight . ext . sidewalk - late afternoon border a supermarket . Brendan trudge along . suddenly he stop . park in the supermarket parking lot be a black mustang . ext . parking lot - late afternoon the sun hang low . Brendan approach the car and walk around it slowly . he peer inside . a tuft of paper poke out from under the seat . he pull the door handle , lock . 49 Brendan pick up a break chunk of concrete from the ground , waddle over to the car and hold the chunk above he head , ready to drop it through the window . he stop . his eye catch something in the distance . the lanky shave - head kid , whose name be tugger . come towards he fast . Brendan stand there for a moment , then let the chunk fall to the ground . he casually lean against the car , remove he glass , put they in a hard case and put the hard case in he pocket . tugger hit he like a train and throw he across the pavement . tug turn back to the car and take out he key . Brendan get up and come towards tug , he face stiff . tug turn and pop he once squarely in the mouth . Brendan fall to he knee . while tug unlock the door Brendan stand up woozily . grunting , tug spin and grab Brendan 's jacket , push he back while he slap he hard in the face , back and forth , three time . when tug let go Brendan drop like a stone , catch himself on he hand and knee . the car door slam . the mustang drive about a hundred yard out into the parking lot , spin around and stop , face Brendan . its motor purr deeply . Brendan begin to limp towards it doggedly , head up , eye fix . a crackle roar and short squeal of tire spit the mustang forward . it come straight at Brendan , rumbling like a tank . Brendan stop walk and stand very still , eye steady . the gap between he and the car close in no time at all . it speed past he not six inch to he leave , brush the edge of he jacket . brake squeal behind he . Brendan turn and lope towards the mustang , idling about fifty foot away . he stop at the window . tugger eye he curiously , with some respect . brendan I want to see the pin . tugger ( nod slightly ) yeah , I guess you do . 50 ext . street twisty and narrow . the black mustang fly through they at impossible speed , roaring past like a bullet . darkness loud engine noise , jostling , grunt . then a metallic jangle , some scraping , and a clink ! ext . rear of fast moving mustang - late afternoon the trunk pop open , revealing Brendan hold a jack rod . int . moving mustang - continuous tug be put a tape in the deck , eye down . behind he the trunk pop open , then pull down out of sight just as he look back up . int . trunk of moving mustang Brendan hold the trunk about three inch open , just enough to see which street sign pass by . loud music play from the car -- " sweet baby James " by James Taylor . 1 the car zoom on . brendan' Pov through the ajar trunk . the mustang slide to a stop beside a elaborate wooden mailbox carve as a eagle 's head . Brendan close the trunk . ext . front of house - late afternoon a small one story house , slightly run down . tugger open the trunk and drag Brendan out , cover he eye with a palm , slam the trunk and go inside . when they be go the break trunk drift open . int . basement hallway a very dim narrow hall with a steep stairway at one end , dark door down the length of it and a light door at the other end . tugger drag Brendan down the stairway , drop he and go into the light room . 1 unfortunately Mr. Taylor flatly refuse , which , give the context , be probably wise . 51 Brendan lift he head painfully . surround he in the darken doorway be dozen of boy , some dress like tugger , other dress in black . tug poke he head out . tugger alright . arm pop out of the darkness and drag Brendan towards the light room . int . kingpine den a small room , amazingly messy . clothes strewn about , grove of empty bottle , precarious pile of book . the overall impression though be not of jumble chaos , but of a nest , comfortably woven and very wear in . a slim figure with wispy hair sit face the wall at a small desk , write under a green bookkeeper 's lamp . Brendan be shove into the center of the room . tug and he clone slump against the surround wall . Brendan watch the thin figure 's back . for a beat the only noise be the scratch of the thin man 's pencil . then he sigh and swivel around . mid to late twenty . sallow feature , tired eye . his clothes be so richly black it be difficult to make out specific item -- he be just one inky black mass from the neck down and eyebrow up . brendan you the pin ? pin yeah . ( beat of silence ) so now I be very very curious what you be go to say next . brendan maybe I will just sit and bleed at you . the pin shift in he seat , bored . pin hell if you be gonna go break my best client ' nose and expect I to play sandbag . anyway you have be sniff I out before then , sniff for I like a vampire bat for a horse 52 with a nick on its ear he can suck on . they do that . ( Brendan blink ) so now you get tugger to bring you here , which he never do , and you get I listen , so I be curious what you have get to say that better be really , really good . brendan call Ms. dannon in from the hall first ; she oughta hear this . pin ( amused ) no dice , soldier . would have be a neat trick , though . brendan ( shrug , then slowly ) I be go to make up some bit of information or set up some phony deal , anything so you would let I walk . then I be go to go to the vice principal and spill he the street address of the biggest dope port in the burgh . the pin 's eye shoot to tugger , who do not flinch . tugger he know zippo . brendan 1250 vista blanca , the ink blotter at the desk in the de in the basement of the house with the tacky mailbox . the world turn on its side as tugger push Brendan 's head down into the carpet . tugger you gonna do what now ?! the pin walk towards they . one of he shoe be twice the size of the other . pin no good , soldier . the croney around the room begin cackle . tug 's face be a mask of rage . Brendan can not breath . his face swell . 53 pin ( cont would ) alright , let up . but tug do not let up . Brendan 's world grow hazy , the cackle laughter reverberate , then a clean voice pierce the din . LAURA ( os ) tug , stop . tug 's face break for a moment , and he let go . Brendan 's head loll to the side . Laura stand in the dark doorway . Brendan see tug 's knuckle and a flash of white for a split moment as tug hit he in the face . the pin 's black body spill out across the frame , leave we in black . fade up SMALL dark room Brendan wake up curl on a mattress on the floor . a bare light bulb hang from the ceiling . tugger sit five foot away , watch he like a hungry dog . Brendan stare back at he through thick , glaze eye . brendan where be my glass ? ( tugger grin ) Hell with ya then . which wall 's the door in ? tug point , amused . Brendan heave himself up , and tug shove he back down . Brendan wink at he , stand and lurch towards the door again . tugger grab he shirt and slam he into the wall , but freeze when he hear a door latch click . sneer , he drop Brendan back onto the mattress and sit against the opposite wall . sound of a door open and close come from the darkness . Light footstep clack on the cement floor . suddenly tug vanish -- the room 's darkness just seem to swallow he . the thin whispery voice of the pin speak softly . pin sorry about this kid , but what the hell with what you say before . 54 his disembody face appear a few foot about where tug have sit . pin ( cont would ) where you be at , with all of we and the tug a fist away , you have get to use you nut . allay the situation , so yeah , you be not scared of I , I get it , but I be also think you be a little nut now , so you have get that trade off with you stand . but nut be not all bad , so maybe it be a good play . I do not know . he be stand in front of tug . his black clothes and broad rimmed black hat blend perfectly with the dark room , such that he face seem to bob about in space . Brendan stifles a cough . pin ( cont would ) so , Laura talk I down . let 's get you upstairs , back with the live . int . kitchen - day Brendan sit at a breakfast table eat cornflake . the kitchen be on the first floor of the pin 's house , or rather the pin 's mother 's house . she be a soft old lady in a pastel cotton dress , currently bent over the fridge mumble . mother I think we have orange juice , Brendan , I be sorry . how about Tang , or that 's more like soda be not it , or not soda but it have not get any juice in it , it can not be very fortifying . brendan Water 's fine , mar 'am , thanks . mother now just a moment , we have apple juice here , if you would like that , or milk , though you have get that in you cornflake , I do not know if drink it as well might be too much . brendan Apple juice sound terrific . mother it 's country style . 55 brendan that 's perfect . she shut the fridge . tugger and the pin sit behind she , look comfortably bored . the pin , a sharp black hole against the soft yellow kitchen , eat oatmeal cookie with small delicate bite . mother I will even give it to you in a country glass , how would that be ? boy ? tugger I be fine , Mrs. M. pin thanks , mom . the pin kiss she on the cheek . mother okay , well I be go to go , um , do something in the other room now ... she shuffles out . pin ( to Brendan ) so how bout we take another snap at hearing you tale ? brendan I do not know . it start out same as before , and this floor be not carpete . pin we be cool off . brendan yeah well , you muscle seem plenty cool put he fist in my head . I want he out . the pin grin thinly , uncomfortable . pin looky , soldier - brendan the ape blow or I clam . 56 tugger ( stand violently ) so clam ! what have you get I can not beat out of you back in the basement ? the pin and Brendan be perfectly still , watch each other . pin give we a few minute , tug . tug turn to he , but pin keep he eye on Brendan . pin ( cont would ) I will call you if whatever . beat . tug stomp off , slamm the narrow door hard behind he . the pin go back to gnaw he cookie . pin ( cont would ) so ? Brendan set down he spoon . brendan about a year ago I have a small time deal partnership with jerr madison . know he ? pin till he take the fall for you . brendan yeah well . I do not ask he to , but he be a straight player . I get out clean - almost . nothing on my official record , but the vps play it like I owe they one . when I make it clear I be not play they hound dog , well they do not like it . they keep call I in , badger I . pin gee that 's tough . brendan I do not like be tell whose side I be on . so now they think I be on you trail , I be in a nice spot to know they movement and feed they yours . pin I gotcha . 57 brendan you have not get I yet . pin what , price ? brendan consider the benefit my service could yield , I do not think that 's unreasonable . pin and what be you service exactly , just so I can be specific on the invoice ? brendan ( shrug ) whatever serve you interest . the pin stand . pin Fair enough . I will have my boy check you tale , and see how it stretch we will either rub or hire you . you will know which by end of the day tomorrow . Brendan stand but do not follow as the pin open the narrow door tugger go through and descend the dark stair behind . pin ( cont would ) we be do . the moment the pin vanish into the basement 's murk Laura come up out of it . she take Brendan 's hand . LAURA I will drive you back . int . laura' convertible moving - sunset they zig zag though the twisty suburban street . Brendan stare sullenly into space . brendan just drop I at school . ( they take a hard turn ) how long be I out ? LAURA half a hour . it take all of it for I to cool the pin down . 58 brendan ( flatly , but sincerely ) thanks . they drive on in silence . ext . school parking lot - dusk Laura 's convertible stop , and Brendan climb out painfully . he study she face for a moment . LAURA you trust I now ? brendan less than when I do not trust you before . if you can tell I you angle in this , maybe I can . LAURA come here . 1 Brendan lean on the car , he face close to hers . LAURA ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) I be on the in , top level of the tower and I know everyone , but I do not know all what go on . I know em when she try to get with I and Brad , and I like she . she be smart . but she be not we , and it do not work . when she leave she take some souvenir , dirty habit she be not strong enough to control and a connection to the pin to keep they go . with I ? brendan so far . LAURA a few month go by , and the next I hear the pin 's raging over a situation with some certain junk em be partial to , and the downfall 's come on em 's head . brendan you think em scrape the junk off the pin ? 1 not to weasel in a plug , but the original version of this scene ( shot as write ) be on the delete scene section of the dvd . available at fine retailer everywhere . 59 LAURA I do not know , but whether she scrape or cop or just run she tab around the world and into she own back , it must have be grand . I have never see the pin so hot . brendan this all help but it 's not what I ask . what 's you angle in all this ? LAURA I do not know . I be usually pretty sharp , but ... maybe I see what you be do for Emily , try to help she . and I do not know anyone who would do that for I . brendan now you be dangerous . throw the car in gear , she peel out and leave he stand alone in the fade evening light . int . backstage Brendan push through the gloom , past forest scenery , deeper and deeper until he come to a door . int . woman' dressing room hazy and cramped . everything blend into the color of flesh . no wall be visible ; it be all billowy pile of costume . Brendan push in . kara sit at the mirror , put on eyeliner . kara ( sing song ) Brendan Brendan Brendan ! brendan where 's dode flop ? ( she make a face ) I know you two be coze up , so you will tell I or you will not . kara oooh , get feisty . ( giggle ) last time we talk you be give ultimate-tim . 60 brendan it work . you go to Laura , do not you ? told she my tale . kara all part of you plan ? brendan turned out to be . kara I feel so cheap and use . brendan gol , I must seem a real cad . sometimes I just hate myself . kara grin dreamily . kara whatever happen to we , Brendan ? brendan where 's dode flop ? she turn to face he . kara we be a pair and a half for a few month , be not we ? sometimes I miss have someone I can talk to . you ever miss have someone ? I guess you must . Brendan 's face be a mask . brendan I need to hear dode 's tale about Emily . it 's important . kara ( darkly ) you better be sure you wanna know whatcha wanna know . Brendan stand , cough . brendan uh huh . Laura 's work with I now , and I will have the pin and tug in my corner soon . the sooner I get the truth from dode or the truth about dode from you , the safer you will both be . no ? pass it on to dode anyway . maybe he will have the 61 sense to get out from under you before he get hurt . kara you do not , do you ? Brendan leave without look back . int . brendan be room - night Brendan 's at he desk , on the phone . the brain ( on the phone ) so what happen now ? brendan now we wait for the pin 's answer . unless he crew spot vp Truman 's social call this morning , it will be yes . I would give we 70/30 . if we be in I get under he skin and see what 's what . you stick to kara , keep you specs peel for dode and stay away from Laura . the Brain be quiet for a beat . the brain I think she 's with we , Brendan . brendan ( too sharp ) I will let you know when she be . a beat of silence . the brain okay . Brendan gently replace the receiver and sit for a moment in silence . ext . locker cage - morning the class bell ring , and the cage quickly empty . Brendan limp in , open he locker . a note fall to he foot . it be fold into a star . he pull it open . " twelve thirty pico &amp ; alexander " . he fish the old note out and compare they - different handwrite . 62 the locker cage be now empty and silent , except for the steady sound of heavy footfalls . Brendan look up from the note . a lug with a lumpish face be come towards he . he wear a black trenchcoat over bulbous shoulder , and he black hair come down over he eye like a sheepdog 's . brendan you the pin' ? no answer . the lug keep come . brendan ( cont would ) so what 's he answer ? closer , not slow . Brendan tighten he hand into a fist . then click ! and a long slender switchblade gleam in the lug 's right paw . Brendan jump back as the lug swipe the blade at he torso . before the lug wind up for another slash Brendan be run . ext . campus square - day Brendan run through the empty campus square , the lug follow . ext . school hallway - day wind rush , sweat , the lug very close . they footstep clatter on the cement . Brendan swing around a corner , double back and stop with he back to a wall - he 's lose sight of he . Brendan sweat , listen . the lug 's footstep echo through the hallway , come from all direction at once . then it seem clear - he 's down the hall on Brendan 's right . Brendan dash leave . wrong . the lug loom over he , he knife hand flash . Brendan 's jacket shoulder tear open , and the white fill inside turn red . he stumble back blindly , get he foot and scramble out of reach . Brendan sprint away , down the hall , gain about thirty foot on the lug before turn the corner . Brendan drop to a sit position . the lug around the corner running fast . 63 brendan kick he shoe off and clamber to he foot . the lug 's footstep be impossibly loud . the lug just about to round the corner . brendan on he sock foot run silently back towards the corner . the lug 's footstep crash like symbol as they both come around the same corner in opposite direction at full speed . Brendan slide like a baseball player , tangling he leg into the lug 's . the lug pitch forward with frightening momentum . he hit the hall 's metal handrail with he arm and head . a hollow go reverberate through the hallway , and the lug fall like a puppet with he string cut . a wallet with a couple of twenty and a student id ( chuck burn ) , three hash pipe , fifteen joint , a baggie of weed and a large brownie in another baggie . Brendan leave it all on he and stagger off . ext . campus payphone - day Brendan breathes heavily into the phone . brendan Chuck burn , big lug with hair like a sheepdog . the brain ( on the phone ) yeah I know he , I just can not pin he to any crowd . he 's definitely not muscle for anyone . he tap the carrow crowd but do not hang with they . if you have get a guess I could check it out - brendan the pin . if he 's with the pin everything 's kablooie and I gotta blow the burgh . the brain I will check it . I be in third now - Brendan spot the pin 's cady pull into the parking lot . 64 brendan never mind . if I do not call by three call in the bull . Brendan hang up and begin walk at a normal pace along the sidewalk . the cady pull up beside he , and he stop walk . the door swing open and a voice come from inside . voice get in . with no perceivable hesitation , he do . int . cadilac - day Brendan sit beside the pin . the window be tinted and the car be very dark . the seat be pink vinyl . the car lurch forward . Brendan and the pin be silent for a beat , not look at each other . brendan so ? pin so. tangles . a stocky kid in the front seat turn , and reach into he jacket . for a moment he stay like that , hand in he jacket , eye on Brendan . Brendan 's face be placid . tangles pull out a envelope and drop it in Brendan 's lap . pin ( cont would ) that 's what you will get every week for you service . less of course there 's a specific job involved , in where you get slice in with my crew . Square ? brendan yeah . silence . the pin hold he hat in he hand , finger the rim . pin we be do a thing down at the hole tonight . know it ? 65 brendan South of T Street , yeah . pin it 's sort of a welcome you in thing . eight o'clock . the car stop . ext . campus payphone - day Brendan climb out of the car on the exact spot they pick he up . the cady drive off . Brendan check he watch . brendan' watch 12:32 . a phone begin to ring . ext . pico &amp ; alexander - day Brendan look up from he watch and answer the payphone , hold the receiver to he ear in silence . voice ( on the phone ) I know what you do . I see what you do . 1 the voice be low and garble , filter through something . brendan so ? voice anyone I tell , it would ruin you some way . and I be go to tell someone . brendan be you make a offer ? voice maybe . or maybe I will just do you in . brendan hire another hash head to blade I ? 1 originally the source of this call be suppose to be a mystery , but during post production we decide it be one layer too many , and identify the caller as dode . Brendan 's first line be overdubbe in post to say ` dode ? " instead of " so ? " 66 voice do not need no blade , shamus . I just gotta squawk . brendan what do you want ? voice just to see you sweat . click . Brendan replace the receiver and stand still for a moment . then he insert a coin and dial . the brain ( on the phone ) Brendan ? brendan yeah . the brain you alright ? brendan yeah , I be fine . keep digging on the burn lug , but the main thing be to find dode . he set up whatever Emily walk into , it 's get more and more urgent we talk . the brain alright . trueman be look for you . brendan trueman and the vp ? the brain no , just trueman . brendan ask for I ? the brain no , but look . brendan that 's not good . alright , keep I post . Brendan hang up . 67 ext . beach - night1 a bonfire burn about a hundred foot off . figure jump through the blaze to thrash music . the pin and Brendan wander towards we on the dark beach . pin so I be go to start you on the dope circle , clean up the turkish due , pull in the strag . brendan small fries . pin yeah , well . just to see how you handle . anyway there be not much else do . I be tailing out this big deal , but that 's almost do . brendan oh yeah ? what be it ? pin Big time . biggest I ever do , and there be a snag in it , but it 's almost do now . brendan what be it ? pin it 's over . brendan almost , you say . pin it 's over enough . you be gonna make I curious , be so curious . they sit in the sand , face the breaker . pin ( cont would ) I gotta lay something out . you be come into a certain situation , and I be bring you in sort of because of it . 1 if ever you want to witness a look of pure horror , shoot a micro budget feature film and tell you cinematographer that there will be a extend scene on a beach at night . turn out it 's difficult to light up a beach without very large and expensive equipment . who know . shoot at sunset prove a fortunate and less horror induce solution . 68 ( beat ) I do not tell tugger to hit you for the Brad bramish thing . Laura and I , I decide I oughta hear what you be gun for before I make a enemy . tug just do it , though . he be hot , and he just hit you . he 's be do that . brendan yeah ? pin he 's get my best interest , I know , he 's loyal , he just get hot . brendan muscle you can not control 's no good at that . pin you be work for I , not tug , that 's all . brendan alright . a moment of silence . the breaker crash . pin thing can get , you know , it 's tough sometimes . twisted , complicated , watch all the , I do not know . everyone 's get they thing . ( silence ) you read tolkien ? brendan what ? pin tolkien , the hobbit book ? brendan yeah . pin his description of thing be really good . brendan oh yeah ? 69 pin he make you want to be there . the wave crash . behind they , with no warning at all , a train shoot by . tug stand with he hand jamme in he pocket , flash light and gleam metal streaking and squealing behind he . int . brendan be room - early morning the clock radio blink 5:34 . the phone be ringing . Brendan half wake and put it to he ear . the brain ( on the phone ) do not go to class . brendan what ? the brain fifth period trueman and the vp come in ask for you . brendan agh . the brain do they call you mom ? brendan probably . I get home late . the brain get out of there too , then . meet I behind the library . I have get some stuff . ext . back of library - early morning a cold gray morning . the Brain hand Brendan a photocopy of a newspaper clipping , " local youth hospitalized " the brain Frisco farr be find on a sidewalk outside pinkerton 's deli three week ago . he be in a coma , he stomach contain a sausage sandwich , a horse dose of heroin and trace of choleric tricemate , a poisonous chemical find in laundry detergent . Frisco 's still under 70 and nobody 's talk , so nothing 's come of it . brendan od ? the brain no , the chem the junk must have be cut with put he down . brendan huh . bad junk . bad brick ... could that form of heroin be call ' Brick ' ? the brain no -- it be a concentrate powder , its street handle 's ' whip ' or ' rock ' or ' brock ' . ( fish a note from he pocket ) here . from Laura . brendan I tell you to stay clear of Laura . the brain you tell she to stay clear of I ? he give the note to Brendan , who unfold it roughly . brendan ( mutter ) I gotta get voicemail . the note read " meet I at the southeast corner of the school at 9:30 . " Brendan crumple it into a ball . brendan ( cont would ) no. tell she I will be at the pin 's at one . any luck with the lug ? the brain no . the Brain lay out a local newspaper with Emily 's picture - " local girl missing " . uncomfortable silence . brendan this be not good . the Brain look hard at he . Brendan stare off into space for a beat , then take the Brain 's cell phone and dial . 71 brendan ( cont would ) ( into phone ) Mr. trueman please . Brendan compare the two note from he pocket with Laura 's - distinct handwrite on each . trueman ( on the phone ) this be trueman . brendan what the hell be you do ask for I in class ? trueman what the hell be you do out of class ? brendan what ? trueman ( very deliberate ) the vp and I need to ask you a few question about Emily kostich , who you might have hear be miss . it 's a very serious thing . the police be involved . the vp and I know you two be close , so the vp and I come to ask you question , but you be truant . if you do not have a valid excuse - Brendan hang up . the brain what ? brendan I have be cut loose . I be not safe here . we should not have meet in the open . alright , lay low , but ask on the underneath for dode . that 's all that matter now , find dode , but do it on the underneath , get it ? the brain what be you go to do ? brendan I would like to have play it safe , but there 's no time . the pin 's not let 72 anything drop , so I gotta push thing a bit . the brain how ? brendan I do not know . just find dode . ext . the pin be house - day the bird of prey mailbox loom ominously . Brendan knock on the front door . no answer . he press lightly on the screen door , and it give . int . kitchen - same empty . Brendan cross the warpe linoleum and gently open the narrow basement door . he descend into inky gloom . int . basement hallway - same deathly still and silent . barely breathe , Brendan go to the light doorway at the end of the hall . int . pin be den - same empty . Brendan float through the room like a ghost , to the pin 's desk . slowly , then with great confidence he rifle through it - papers and trinket , meaningless . he reach beneath the desk , knock it gently with he knuckle . quickly he remove the top drawer and reach down into the desk frame . Brendan draw out a stack of hundred dollar bill two inch thick . he pull out another . another . another . thumb the stack -- pure hundred . something creak in the hallway . Brendan freeze . silently he replace the money and drawer , he eye on the doorway . he creep towards the door on the ball of he foot . int . basement hallway - same still empty . Brendan creep towards the stair , pass other doorway , all open but for one . he stop for a moment , listen - silence . 73 int . storage room - same Brendan enter the room - pitch black but for a small high window . Brendan pull the curtain aside . a beam of sunlight spill just enough light to reveal a figure in the dark . Brendan jump back , and he reflection in the large mirror jump as well . a white bird nest in the window flutter into the dark room . Brendan walk the large mirror into the beam of light , reflect it around the room like a flashlight . more junk , a mattress , then a strangely bare corner with a single white lump in it . the white bird stand behind the lump , its dark eye catch in the bare light . the bird fly out the window . Brendan go to the white lump , a small brick of white powder . White chalky residue pattern the floor -- there be other brick there before . behind Brendan , in the mirror , something move . someone else , in the room . tugger . he throw Brendan across the room , then heave he into a wall . tugger what with the poke , genius ?! maybe you be poke for you bull friend ! brendan do not be a sap . I can not even face up at school , the vp 's so hot for I . tugger yeah well . maybe you be look to make good . brendan I be look to find this big game the pin 's play , not to gum it , but just so when its tail jam in my back I will know who to bill for the embalm . tugger you oughta ask he what you wanna know . brendan I do . he do not tell I . 74 tug loosen he grip . Brendan gasp for air . brendan ( cont would ) when a gee I be pay to side with will not give I the straight that make I nervous . make I angry . tug draw back a bit . tugger yeah , well . that 's understandable . int . kitchen - day tug set a country glass of orange juice in front of Brendan . he pace . tugger there be ten of they . I do not know where he pick they , he do not tell I . brendan ( sympathetic ) huh . tugger so we get ten kil of brock , there aint enough mark in the whole burgh to eat that . so he unload eight of they up way north , even up to the dock . I do not know who . brendan do not tell you . tugger yeah . that be eight . so that 's the tenth in there . we gotta break it into dose , sell they off round the high , maybe some by shorecliff . brendan what about the ninth brick ? tugger ah yeah . there be problem with that . brendan yeah ? tugger it , uh ... 75 he stop , think harder than he 's use to . his scar redden slightly , then he jerk out of he trance . tugger ( cont would ) ( quickly ) it disappear . someone skimm it . we start raise hell with all the likely suspect , and whatayaknow , it come back . but it come back bad . one of ours take a dose off the top , and it laid he out . brendan Frisco . tugger yeah , poor Frisco . you hear about that . we will track down the rat . just take time . brendan I hear something fall with Emily kostich . tugger Emily who ? brendan kostich . tugger do not know she . brendan huh . a quiet pause . tug 's scar redden a bit more . tugger have the pin talk about she ? brendan not to I . tugger yeah , he might know something . ask he . tell I what he say , cause if you hear something , you know , I wanna check . brendan sure . the screen door swing open -- enter the pin . if he 's surprised he do not show it . 76 pin pow wow ? brendan just shoot the shat . tugger yeah , just shoot it . pin good . his big foot clunk on the linoleum . he eye a very sick look Brendan . pin ( cont would ) you alright , soldier ? Brendan move a hand dismissively , sniffle . pin ( cont would ) so , tug , I get a call . someone who say they know something about Emily . tugger Emily ? pin Emily kostich . where she 's at now . say we would want to know . want to meet . tugger ( uncomfortable ) yeah ? pin so we will meet he . four o'clock . ( to Brendan ) Emily be tug 's girl for awhile . you know Emily , do not you ? brendan a while back . pin you have hear she 's miss ? brendan yeah , I hear that . pin so maybe you want to come along too . 77 brendan what have Emily get to do with you ? pin ( look at tugger ) show , maybe we will find out . he give a slip of paper to tugger . pin ( cont would ) four o'clock . tugger glance at the slip , then slide it to Brendan . it have the symbol draw in pencil : a horn honk outside . brendan that 's my ride . the pin call after he as he leave . pin four o'clock . ext . front of pin be house - same Brendan fall into Laura 's idling car . brendan ( roughly ) a payphone , anywhere . LAURA what - Brendan throw the car into drive , and they jerk forward . ext . STREET corner - day payphone the mobile customer you have call be away from the phone - Brendan slam the phone down violently and walk back towards the car . his leg quiver , and a cough fit hit . 78 hack and spluttering he fall to he knee . Laura 's arm wrap around he , except it be not Laura , it 's Emily . Brendan spin backwards into darkness Emily kissing he mouth , she hair around he , but it be not she hair , it 's Laura 's . Brendan shoot upwards int . laura' car stationary - day and sit up with a jolt . laid out in the back seat , Laura dabbing he head with a wet napkin . brendan ( bark shakily ) what time be it ? LAURA lie down , Brendan - brendan what time - LAURA you have get a fever , you have get to go to the hospital or - brendan what time be it ? LAURA Three forty . you have get to rest , you be feverish . he throw himself out of the car . ext . school parking lot - same Brendan fall to he knee , cough . Laura follow . LAURA get back in the car , I be take you home , you be sick , you need - brendan shut up ! shut up ! shut up ! he keep yell that until she do . his head spin . brendan ( cont would ) okay , you have get to , what you have get to do be drive around to the carrow lot . 79 I will be up on the , the blacktop , the basketball field . so you have get to go by you or I to get down there . if you see anyone but the pin or tugger or they crew go down into the ravine , honk four time , long short long short . but do not be see . LAURA get back in the car . brendan do it ! will you do it ? I need you to do this . I need you , here . please . he hold she shoulder . a beat , then she face register resignation . ext . basketball field - day a flat plane of pebbly asphalt with a dozen basketball court faintly outline across its surface . Brendan stand crooked , watch the barren horizon . the wind blow bitterly , and the sky be dark . then , a speck . come towards Brendan , across the field . Brendan slump towards it . closer . still a dark dot . closer . Brendan 's face snap into recognition . brendan what be you do , dode ? dode grin . he hold a newspaper . dode you gonna stop I ? brendan what do you think you be do , dode ? dode I see you . I see what you do . brendan what would you see ? dode I see you . brendan what would you see I ? 80 dode you be with she , dead , and you take the body . brendan yeah , I do . that 's all you see ? what about before ? dode before what ? brendan do you see who kill she before I get there ? dode ( face ashen ) you kill she . brendan I find the body , dode . dode you , I think you do not , but we figure out , I get the news on ya , cause you hide the body , why would not - brendan who 's ' we ' ? dode shut up ! you be always talk , always this and that smartso , you be gonna shut up now ! brendan I do not kill she , dode . dode you be not go to talk this ! brendan dode , I know you be think of em , I know you try to help she - dode shut up ! you be gonna shut you Brendan stagger , the world blur out for a moment , then snap back . dode ( cont would ) put it over real nice - 81 brendan - so I be tell you now you be in over you head , you do not want to put you hand in this - dode shake the newspaper at he . dode shut up ! she 's dead , you - brendan why be she scared , dode ? she come to I , who be she scared of ? I think I know why , I just gotta know who ! dode throw the paper , which scatter in the wind . dode you be try to confuse I . brendan dode . dode you could not stand it . you little em . she be gonna keep it , it be mine , and you could not stand that . brendan what be yours ? dode I have you peg . brendan what be yours ? dode I love she . and I woulda love the kid . I be gonna bury you . Brendan 's face be empty . dode walk stiffly away . Brendan put a hand on he shoulder , but shrink back in a cough spasm . dode grab Brendan 's wrist and hit he in the face . Brendan hit the pavement . 82 ext . heaven - day Bright cloud , sharp light . Emily fly towards we , glow , then dimmer , she wing splutter out , the cloud turn gray , and we be look at Emily 's picture in the newspaper article . ext . basketball field - day Brendan pull the newspaper off he face , lie in a fetal position . dode be nowhere to be see . slowly , painfully , Brendan hoist himself up . he cough and splutter , barely able to keep he foot . he limp across the field . every step be agony . the wind blow against he . the black field seem impossibly long , still he keep limping forward , towards the ravine . ext . runoff tunnel - day Brendan slide down the embankment , landing on he foot . gather around the drain tunnel entrance be tugger , the pin , five of tugger 's flunky and dode in the middle . everyone look at Brendan . a long silence . Brendan clear he throat . brendan what would I miss ? more silence . pin dode here say Emily kostich be dead . nobody react to that . Brendan 's face be placid . brendan oh yeah ? pin yeah . he say he know who do it . he say he know where the body 's at . ( beat of silence ) and he say he want more money than I think the information 's worth . brendan that so , dode ? ( to the pin ) 83 so walk . what 's the info have to do with you anyways ? dode plenty . pin plenty , he say . brendan uh huh . and he want cash on the nail . he 's a pot skull reef worm with more hop in he head than blood . why pay for dirt you can not believe ? dode you will believe this . brendan ( shrug ) maybe you will . dode you will believe it , cause it 's someone close to you . Real close . the pin look up at Brendan , whose face be loose and nonchalant . brendan maybe it 's hot , but it 's dode , you can not trust it . dode Real close . tugger 's eye be lock on dode , he scar the color of raw liver . Brendan laugh and turn away . brendan I be get my shoe wet for this . let he milk you if you want . pin ( to Brendan ) stay . ( to dode ) it 's still too much . dode no it 's not . you will not complain when you hear it . 84 tugger twist a stick in he hand . Brendan watch he , curious . brendan ( murmur ) so maybe you should . dode you have she against the wall with the brick - pin I know my business . it 's still too much . dode ( with grow confidence ) it 's not , cause that 's not why she be kill , and it 's real important to you , cause the person who kill she 's real close , and cause he 's get a lot to lose , and he know if I do not bury he by spilling to you I spill to the bull and bury he for real , and he 's really really scared - she have a kid in she and he could not stand - tugger spring like a cat . he grab dode 's hair and knee he face . Brendan stumble towards they . brendan tug , it 's alright ! tug have dode on the ground , kick he stomach and chest . pin tug , stop . tug back off . dode raise he head . tug pull the gun from he jacket . Brendan yell , slip and fall into the shallow water . tug level the gun at dode 's head and fire one shot . the back of dode 's skull come off . the rapport reverberate through the black tunnel behind they , and bird fly out . dode remain upright for a moment , then fall limp into the water . 85 the pin 's face be stupid , lifeless . tug turn to he , gun in hand . pin ( cont would ) ( thickly ) tug ... tugger fire - dirt kick up , and the pin scramble back . Brendan crawl towards tug , yell for he to stop . tug fire twice more , both miss , and the pin be away . distant siren . Brendan 's vision blur . he stumble and fall into the shallow water . fade out fade in : a ceiling fan spin gently . Brendan 's eye open , watch it sleepily , then sharpen . int . tugger' bedroom - night Brendan sit up in the bed . tugger sit in a chair bedside , smoking . Brendan watch he for a long moment in the room 's dim light . tugger she sprung it on I , just . that 's a hell of a thing to spring on a guy . I do not remember much . Laura talk I down after , say whatever , she know she , say it be not true , but I still think sometimes . I think bout it be true . Bout it be mine . and maybe I do it cause I think it be true . a hell of a thing . Brendan stare at he through cold , empty eye . tugger ( cont would ) you up ? you be not do too good there for awhile . Laura say take you , you know , hospital , but I could not . brendan what 's the stat ? 86 tugger everyone 's just lay low . you be here with we , at my folk place . they be go . the bull get dode fore the tide take he body . brendan tide ? tugger yeah , strong tide , would have take the body , like out to sea . it can do that . but the fuzz get there first . Brendan nod . tugger ( cont would ) so everyone 's assume it 's war , but no one 's say it yet . everyone 's lie low . brendan War ? tugger you be with we . brendan the hell I be . Brendan swing he leg over the bed . tug step in front of he , stare he down . brendan ( cont would ) alright , I be with you . tugger so just lie low . sleep some more . Laura , she say you should sleep . tugger exit . Brendan run he finger through he hair , step into he shoe and hobble out of the room . int . tugger' live room - same about ten more kid dress like tug be clean gun . Brendan nod to they . brendan hey . 87 they nod back , not pay much attention as he go out the front door . ext . STREET - night on a lamplit street corner Brendan lean against a payphone . the brain ( on phone ) Brendan ? brendan yeah . the brain be you - what , man , have you hear about dode - brendan I be there . the brain you - brendan where be you yesterday ? I call . the brain kasprzyk take my phone , turn it off . I just now get it back . brendan alright , listen - the brain be you okay ? brendan just listen . be my name in the papers with the story ? the brain no . brendan alright . be it just dode in the papers ? the brain yeah . what do you mean ? 88 brendan listen , I be go to be call you tonight , probably late . sleep with you phone on . could you get a car if you need to ? the brain if it 's late enough I could take my mom 's - brendan be ready then . I will call . the brain alright . int . dressing room - night Brendan kick in the door . kara sit in front of the mirror in a soft pink robe , a boy on the floor beside she . she gasp . kara Brendan . do you hear about dode ? brendan you scheme tramp . you set that poor kid up , you hide he , feed he you tale . you get info from Laura and hold dode like a card till you could play he . for money ! Brendan throw a chair . the boy stand . kara I do not know what you be talk about . brendan you would bury I at the same time , but it be mostly for the money . you get dode think em have he kid , think I do it , and that be enough for he , but he stick to the money cause you have you claw in he , cause he could not come away from the deal without it and make you happy . kara sit down , you be a mess . Russ , go get my shoe from the wardrobe locker , would you sweetie ? 89 he go , try to look mean at Brendan . Brendan and kara watch each other like cage rat . kara ( cont would ) still wish you know what you want to know ? if it 's any consolation , it probably be not dode 's kid . it might have be tug 's , but frankly I would not bet a horse - it be a crowded field there at the end . Brendan grab a clock and throw it . kara 's mirror shatter , revealing a grimy dark wall behind . kara ( cont would ) meany . you want my tale , Brendan ? I still know what dode be sell , but I would play it smart . a quick call from a payphone to copland , they drag the tunnel and you be through . she come very close to he . her robe fall open slightly . kara ( cont would ) five thousand . Cash . I know you can get it from the pin , but even if you can not I want it by first period tomorrow , or I play my hand and bury you . she turn away , let she robe fall . 1 kara ( cont would ) now get out . Brendan 's eye burn . he lunge at she . ext . backstage - same Drama geek sit in group . the dress room door fly open and kara fly out , stark naked . Brendan fly out after she . kara what be you do ? brendan show you ace . Brendan storm out . 1 also on the dvd . Fine retailer everywhere . 90 ext . pin be house - night Brendan walk past the bird of prey mailbox . a voice from the screen door - voice Far enough . the pin . pin everyone 's pay social call . brendan Laura here ? beat of silence . pin so? brendan so what be the stat ? pin the stat be war , soon as the press heat die . and if you be with he , you be with he . brendan tug get hot . he panicked . pin tug 's be after my dig from the get go . brendan no . he 's be anxious cause he think if you find out he kill Emily you would turn he over . pin he be right . brendan yeah , well . pin I tell he to get the straight , no rough . I be not even there . 91 brendan alright . so he 's a hot head . so you do not want he on you side , at least let 's have a pow wow fore we start digging trenches . maybe we can all walk away amiable enemy . what would it take ? pin I do not know . we would have to square everything between we . he owe I some money . brendan alright , but we can talk . pin yeah , alright . brendan four o'clock . pin tomorrow ? brendan tonight . let 's clear it all before it boil up again . pin four tonight . you will be here ? brendan yeah . Brendan turn away . LAURA ( os ) wait ! she come out of the house with she purse . LAURA ( cont would ) I will drive you back . int . laura' car - moving - night Laura drive , Brendan stare at the pass light . LAURA what 's go to happen ? Brendan cough . 92 LAURA ( cont would ) do you feel better ? brendan ( weak ) I do not know . int . tugger' live room - night Brendan stumble in . tug 's hand grab he roughly . tugger for a smart guy you aint too smart . I say lay low . Laura enter . LAURA tug. he drop Brendan . Laura kneel beside Brendan , feel he forehead . brendan she be at the pin' . tugger yeah , she 's we go-between . brendan uh huh . so here 's the sit . you and the pin be go to pow wow , four o'clock tonight , he place . take all the muscle you want , you will not need it . he want to talk straight , and you be go to work with he for whatever he need , cause you do not want war . tugger Hell I do not . brendan the pin 's sit on the brick profit - hit he now would be post . make peace and wait for you chance . LAURA he 's right , tug. smooth it out . 93 brendan ( between cough ) besides , he 's get you on the dode thing . War will mean you versus . he and every bull in the burgh . tugger turn away , think . tugger yeah , we will talk . LAURA ( to Brendan ) you go ? brendan yeah . she nod . Brendan stumble into the bedroom . int . tugger' bedroom - night Brendan lie on he back . sweat stand on he forehead . the fan spin dizzily from Brendan 's Pov . then the fan be still and the room be spin , then the fan , then the room . Brendan clamp he eye shut . a door creak open . brendan ( croak ) go away . Laura float across the room to he . her hair fall around he . Brendan shrink back . she put a pale hand on he clammy forehead . Brendan try to speak , but cannot . he finger slide over he face . she pull off he glass . her hand all over he face . Brendan 's throat contort in a hard swallow . his eye be wet . her hair , she hand all warm and gentle , touch he . LAURA I be sorry Brendan . Brendan break . in silent sob first , then shiver with a almighty release he cry like a baby in she arm . the fan 94 spin above they . Laura light a cigarette . they lie beside each other . LAURA do not go tonight . brendan I have get to make sure it play out smooth . LAURA it will play however it play without you there . brendan I have get to make sure . LAURA why ? brendan Cause if there 's war , I be in it too . LAURA well let 's just , I mean why not just run away . go somewhere . I have get a car . ( Brendan give a wry look ) I have get a aunt in New Orleans , she would not care . ( Brendan grin ) yeah , it 's a stupid thing , but think about it , why not ? what , school ? c'mon . family ? brendan alright , stop . her smoke drift into the fan . LAURA I be not serious , but we could go for awhile . just until everything clear . Brendan watch the smoke . she stub the butt out in a ash tray on the table and curl against he chest . stretch he arm across the table , he nonchalantly spin the ash tray around with he finger . his glass lay on the table . through the leave lens the cigarette be magnify . pale blue arrow on the filter . 95 Laura 's arm stretch across he chest . he look at it , then up at the fan , spin . later Brendan slip out of bed . a glow clock radio read " 3:16 " . int . tugger' live room - night a swarm of silent activity . tug 's flunky prepare various weapon . Brendan go to tug . brendan tell you boy no knuckle business . tugger they be just ready . brendan you folk leave a car here ? tugger yeah . brendan take it and Laura 's . ( Brendan toss tug the key ) I will go first in yours . tugger the hell - brendan I will take the scenic route to draw off any tailer . they will think it 's you , they might even radio back that you be alone . get it ? tugger Mr. smart . he toss Brendan he key . brendan alright . get a cigarette ? tugger no . I do not smoke . brendan I have see you smoke . 96 tugger I do not smoke cigarettes . brendan give I fifteen minute , then go . ext . tugger' house - night Brendan slide into the black mustang and gutter off into the night . ext . STREET - night overlook a twinkle valley of suburban light . Brendan talk at a payphone beside the curbe mustang . the brain ( on phone ) yeah . brendan alright , I warn you . can you get the car ? the brain yeah . brendan go to 2014 clancy , off pico west of La grange . Park outside and wait . Laura 's inside . she have not get a car , but if she blow on foot or get a pick , tail she . alright ? ( silence ) alright ? the brain okay . brendan I will call you when it get light . ( silence ) thanks , Brain . click , Brain hang up . ext . front of pin be house - night Brendan pull the mustang into the driveway , limp up to the front door and knock . one of the pin 's boy let he in . 97 int . kitchen - same crowd with tense look punk , half dress like the pin and half like tugger . the pin 's mom be shuffle about , pour they milk . int . basement hallway - same several more punk from both camp crowd the hall , and more lean in the darken doorway . Brendan pass through quickly . int . pin be den - same the pin at he desk , flanke by two of he boy . tug sit in the center of the room , two of he punk beside he . Brendan saunter between they and lean against the dresser . brendan talk . pin I want full assurance that any heat from Emily and dode be gonna be on just you . I do not even want my name pull in the shindig . second , you owe I six cs , no rush , but I want you shake that it will come home in not too much time . tug 's eye burn , he scar redden . brendan ( to tug ) that 's square . you do they after all . Lay low it will blow over . stick on this , one of you will dish it to bury the other and you will both get the rap . as to the six , do you borrow it ? tugger yeah . brendan then you owe it . should not need a shake on that . tug look at the pin . tugger alright to both . 98 brendan good . let 's seal it up and blow for keep . pin third thing . the last brick . Brendan look up sharply , take off guard . brendan it 's yours . pin that aint the point . I be gonna start sell it . how do I know it aint bad ? brendan why would it be ? pin why be the last one ? Cause someone get greedy . tug here 's have the mean to swipe half and cut it bad for a long time . now we be split my loss of trust 's retroactive . brendan do you , tug ? tugger ( eye hot on the pin ) no . brendan alright , so let 's shake and blow . pin not good enough . tug shoot to he foot , kick away he chair . brendan what would be good enough ? pin I wanna see he dose it . just to prove it . then we be square . tugger Hell for that ! I do not touch you junk , that 's it . 99 pin I wanna see it . tugger to hell ! pin you not want to dose it 's tell I something right here . tugger yeah , it better be ! it 's tell that I be out from you thumb , that I aint play lapdog to no goth up cripple no more ! everyone in the room be on they foot . Brendan step forward . brendan I will dose it . all eye to he , unbely . pin what ? brendan if it will shut you two ape up I will take the dose , and if I do not die we be all right as rain , and if I do die you two have you war , so long as you keep it off my grave . deal ? pin Fine . tangles . brendan johnny , go with he . they go . tug just stare at Brendan , then toss he hand up slightly and turn away . they all wait . crash ! from the next room . everyone freeze . more break , then scuffling and shouting . the two punk look at they boss , then run out . tug start to follow , but Brendan hold he back . 100 the noise through the wall grow tremendous , a full brawl . the ceiling pound and shudder with footfalls and body hit the ground . then , from not too far away , a gunshot . the pin stand and go towards the door , but Brendan shout brendan ( cont would ) no ! and slam it shut . a few tense second . another gunshot . footfall , then tangles fall through the door , he chest red . the pin bend over he . tangles ( gasp ) the brick , it 's go . the brick 's go . tangles stop gasp . the pin stand , eye blaze at tug . pin make peace , huh ? talk it out ? get you boy in my de soe you could snag it under my nose ? tug 's scar be fiery red . he coil he body , snarling . tugger alright ! brendan no , that 's not - pin be it bad , tug ? snag it so I do not know , or sell it off to flat the war odd ? brendan ( shout ) pin , think about it - tugger alright , I do all that ! tug blow past Brendan like a train and slam the pin into the ground with he fist . he punctuate he word with hard straight blow into the pin 's face . 101 tugger ( cont would ) I cut the brick , I steal the money , I fake a peace , I snag you junk , I do it all ! he pull the gun . Brendan shout and throw himself on tug 's arm , wrenching it sideways . the gun clunk onto the carpet . the pin flip tug over and for a moment Brendan be catch between they , hit and tear , roll over the gun . tug grab it , Brendan grab he wrist and the gun go off , fire into the ceiling . plaster spray . Brendan scream , thrashing wildly , and manage to slip out of he bloody jacket and out from between the two . the pin be on top , pin tug 's gun hand to the carpet , strain to keep it there . Brendan leap to he foot , stagger , then wind up and kick tug in the wrist with all he strength . a terrible crunching pop sound . tug roar . Brendan take the gun from he limp hand . pin do he ! Brendan back off a few step . the pin strain to keep tug down . pin ( cont would ) do he now ! Brendan stumble back . tug roar , flip the pin over and beat he face mercilessly . Brendan stumble out into the hall . int . basement hallway - same empty . from the darken doorway and the thin ceiling relentless sound of fight . Brendan walk backwards as if in a trance , eye glue to the pin 's door . Inside wild shadow splay across the wall , and the pin shout Brendan 's name . Light flash from another darken doorway and the wall beside Brendan splinter . Brendan spin on he heel and fire three shot into the darkness , which fall silent . 102 he turn the gun back on the pin 's doorway . with a spray of spark the doorway turn dark . they break the lamp . the dark doorway loom up before Brendan , inky black . horrible sound come from it , blow , break bone , scream . the pin scream Brendan 's name over and over , call for help . plead . Brendan step back . time slow down . Brendan drop the gun . it thunks on the carpet . in one motion Brendan kick the gun down the hall into the pin 's doorway , turn and run into the room where he find the brick . int . storage room Dark . Brendan run through , claw past dark fight shape , run like a man possess . he break through the darkness and heave himself up through the small window . ext . front of pin be house - night Brendan scramble out , slip on the grass and hit the ground hard . two sharp gunshot come from the house . everything be suddenly still . Brendan stand slowly . he notice a light from the mustang - the trunk have drift open . Inside , a pale blue arm lie tangle in black plastic . Blue fingernails . cheap plastic bracelet . Brendan shut the trunk solidly , then walk off down the street and vanish into the inky night . a moment later police car pull up , siren blaring , light turn the dark street bright as day . fade out fade in : ext . school payphone - early morning the morning be cold and clammy . Brendan slump against the payphone . 103 brendan hey . where be you ? the brain ( on phone ) Library . where be you ? brendan do she blow last night ? the brain no . stay there till six thirty , then walk to school . brendan you do not give she a ride , do you ? the brain no . brendan but she come straight to school from tug 's ? the brain yeah . brendan she there now ? the brain yeah . not with I , but here . brendan alright . tell she I wanna meet up on the basketball field in half a hour , then go home and get some sleep . the brain alright . Brendan hang up , then pause , lose in think . ext . side of gym - later Brendan sit against the massive gym building , write on a piece of looseleaf paper . ext . administration build - later Brendan slip the paper under a door stencile " vp Offices " . 104 ext . basketball field - later cold , barren . wind whistle softly and jangle the metal mesh basketball net like windchime . Brendan stand crookedly , hand in pocket , eye train on the cold black horizon . a speck appear . Brendan wait for it , brace himself against the wind . Laura . she put she arm around he , a warm embrace . Brendan draw back . LAURA ( softly ) do you see it all ? with tug and the pin ? Brendan look at she a moment . brendan no . I take you advice and do not go . LAURA ( confuse ) no ? brendan what happen ? Laura look at he strangely , a little uneasy . LAURA the papers say six dead , three around the house , one girl in the trunk of tug 's car , and the pin and tug . Brendan 's face be freeze in a ambiguous frown . brendan yeah ? LAURA tug try to shoot he way out when the police get there . they tie he to dode , too . same gun . and the girl . brendan huh . LAURA well good thing you be not there . 105 brendan yeah . Laura 's face soften a bit . LAURA you think the girl be Emily ? brendan probably . Laura embrace he again , and do not let go . LAURA you love she . brendan ( distant ) yeah I do . LAURA you do all this cause you love she . and now it 's finish . ( tighten she embrace ) I love you . brendan no. Laura pull back , look at he face . it be a mask . LAURA what ? brendan no , it 's not finish . tug pull the trigger on em and he get the fall , but the bull coulda find that out without I . Laura pull back more . brendan ( cont would ) I set out to know who put she in the spot , who put she in front of the gun . that be you , angel . LAURA ( drift back further ) what be you talk about ? 106 brendan it be you . what , you want the whole tale ? you want I to tell it to you ? LAURA ( bewilder ) tell it to I . brendan alright , from the top . you have you finger in Brad bramish for appearance and to keep he buy from the pin , who you be hook with . Emily come to you and Brad , you see she for what she be , a insecure little girl try to get in . she go on the backburner . meanwhile maybe you be get bored , maybe just greedy , so when the pin score big with the brick you take you shot . you hook one , take half , and cut it back to size , but you cut it bad . maybe accidentally , maybe to down the pin 's operation , do not matter . you put it back , but poor Frisco dose off it and land in a coma . ( voice strengthen ) so now the pin 's fume , maybe he 's jealous of Brad , so he come to Brad 's crowd look for blood , or at least a scape . you know trouble . there 's go to be a war over this . and there 's Emily . she trust you . she want in . it 's duck soup . LAURA ( murmur ) no. brendan you frame she for the bad brick , then you cut she loose . you turn on you heel and bite she in the throat . last week on the payphone , pico and Alexander , she see something she be scared of . tug 's car drive by , the pin drive , but she would not have see the pin . no , she be across the street , angel . she see the passenger side . she see you . she see you and run like she see some devil . Laura 's face be very still , quivering . 107 LAURA Brendan , why be you - brendan and she take the hit . dode hide she away , but the pin be on to she , track she down , tell she to meet he , that they would make good . gave she a time , and a place . and send tug. just to get the straight . but maybe you have talk tug up , or maybe he just blow a fuse , but em sprung it on he that she have she kid , and he do what anyone could count on tug do - he hit she . she take the hit for you . you let she take it . LAURA stop it ! brendan that 's the tale . LAURA stop it ! brendan you be go to tell I it 's not ? LAURA it 's not ! brendan look at I . she crumple against he , look he straight in the eye . LAURA you know I . I have only help you . how can you - it be not true ! she sob through a tense , straight face . Brendan hold she stare , but he eye be distant . brendan I hope it be not . I want you to have be on my side all along , not just try to get I under you thumb like Brad and the pin and tug . LAURA no - 108 brendan but I think you know that meeting be go to blow up . I think that be you final play . but I hope I be wrong . I hope everything I write in the note I drop at Gary trueman 's office this morning be wrong . about you and Brad 's involvement in the pin 's running . I hope you do not steal the brick last night . in you purse . LAURA ( breathes ) I do not . brendan that 's good . that mean you do not let I walk into a slaughterhouse . you do not lead tug and the pin and they crew to the slaughter . and when trueman read the note , take my cue and search you locker , he will not find a damn thing . something change in Laura 's eye . ext . locker cage - insert trueman and several other man force Laura 's locker open . from its dark interior the chalky white brick fall out , spin through the air , and shatter silently on the locker cage floor . ext . basketball field - same a moment of silence between they . the basketball net jangle . Laura step back . she look as if she have be punch in the face . LAURA ( murmur ) Brendan ... do not ... brendan ( gently ) it 's do . her face do strange thing , subtle contortion . she watch he eye . he do not look at she . her voice shake . 109 LAURA done. well . that 's most of it . 9 out of 10 . I tell em to tell tug it be he . told she it would soften he up . she say she wish she could keep it , but she do not love the father . I be go to drive she down the next day , we would find a doctor . most would not . she be start to show . 3 month . you know whose kid that make it , or have you know all along ? slowly , steadily , she straighten up . her figure take back some dignity . she step towards he deliberately . closer . right up against he . she bring she head to he , put she lip to he ear , breathes warm breath , and say two word . the first be LAURA ( cont would ) mother - the second be low , guttural and lose to the whistling wind . she turn and walk briskly away . Brendan watch she go across the dark , barren field of asphalt . Metal jangle . Brendan turn to see the Brain hopping a chain link fence . Brendan turn he eye back on Laura . brendan you get you straight ? the brain yeah . I would not have - brendan s'alright . the brain yeah , well . Chuck burn come to . the knife guy . spill it all to the bull , guess Brad bramish hire he . on he own , just a grudge thing . brendan ( nod slightly ) fit . you do good , Brain . go sleep . the brain yeah , you too . 110 the Brain start to walk away , but turn back . the brain ( cont would ) what would she whisper to you ? brendan she call I a dirty word . the brain alright , you do not have to tell I . thick . brendan as what - all . Brendan stand alone on the asphalt field , watch Laura until she reach the end of the field and walk off behind a twisted chain link fence . the first period bell ring , and Brendan walk back towards campus . fade out .