bridge of spie by Matt charman and ethan coen & Joel coen final shoot script 12.17.14 12.17.14 final shoot script 1 . title over black : 1957 . the height of the cold War . the United States and the Soviet Union fear each other 's nuclear capability - and intention . both side deploy spy - and hunt for they . inspire by true event close on a elderly man reflected in a grimy mirror . the mirror be propped up on a chair next to a open window look out from the fourth floor onto a Brooklyn skyline . pull back to show the man sit in a shabby workshop / studio . he look from the mirror down at a canvas in front of he as he daub paint onto a self - portrait . the telephone ring . the old man rest he brush on the easel and walk to a table cluttere with papers and shortwave radio . he pick up the phone and listen but do not say anything . fulton STREET the old man , Rudolf abel , emerge from the building , walk along the street . title : brooklyn a agent follow abel . subway train interior the agent watch abel as the train stop at Broad Street . the agent , now join by a second agent , follow he at a distance . abel dab at he nose with a handkerchief . the agent lose he in the crush of commuter . they emerge from the station and consult two other Agents . no sign of abel . first agent head back down the stair , smash bang right into abel , who 's come up the stair . abel look up , surprised . then mildly : abel Excuse I . the agent equally surprised watch as abel make he way around he . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 2 . continued : a distant siren fade up and cross the cut to : int . car the Agents drive past abel , who be seat on a park bench overlook the East River , painting . agent ( to Driver ) go ahead and park around the corner . at the riverside abel set down he palette . Close on he hand , adjust he easel , then feel under the bench . his hand close on something hold by a magnet to the bench 's steel frame below the wood seat-slat : it be a nickel . back to abel sit . pick up he palette ... manhattan STREET a seedy part of town . abel walk toward a building , the HOTEL latham . inside the room as abel let himself in . a very modest room . he set down he portable easel and case . set he work - in- progress canvass on a stand easel , drape he jacket over a chair , hang he hat on the easel . he turn on a table fan . he fish the nickel from he pocket , retrieve a razor from the bathroom and use it to carefully to open it . it be hollow . Inside be a piece of paper , fold accordion - style into a small square . abel unfold it . hold it up to a magnifier lamp . written on the paper , a sequence of numeral . STREET outside HOTEL two government car skid to a stop and the Agents pour out . hallway the Agents run down the corridor . 12.17.14 final shoot script 3. abel 's room its door be be bust in . the Agents swarm in . they have gun . they come up short . the small room be empty . the easel with a work in progress upon it stand before the window , which stand open , gentle wind play at the sheer . outside , a fire escape . the man seem to have leave . a agent inspect a close door . the bathroom -- Rudolf abel step out , in he brief . stand in the doorway , cigarette in mouth , we see he as a frail , vulnerable old man . he freeze , not scared , just surprised . he look at the man . they look at he . at last he speak , with colorless , quasi-british accent . abel Visitors . a beat . abel ( cont 'd ) ..- would you mind if I fetch my tooth ? two of the agent , blasco and gamber , look at each other , confuse . abel gesture back towards the bathroom . blasco Colonel , would you turn around please . blasco turn abel around , check to make sure he 's not armed . blasco ( cont 'd ) sit down . on the bed . blasco and gamber walk he to the bed . he sit . abel ( gesture toward bathroom ) the tooth be on the sink ... ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 4 . continued : gamber look at I ! we be agent from the federal government . abel scan the Agents who surround he . gamber ( cont 'd ) look at I ! I be talk to you . we have receive information concern you involvement in espionage . you can either cooperate with we right now or you will be under arrest . do you understand , Colonel ? blasco head into the bathroom . abel not really . why do you keep call I '' Colonel '' ? blasco return and with care hand he he tooth . abel put they in . blasco you need to get dress . gamber we have to search you apartment . abel point at the art material on the table . abel would you mind if I clean my palette ? the paint will get ruin otherwise . just behind you there . I have a cloth , myself ... abel stand . blasco hand he he palette . abel ( cont 'd ) thank you . blasco ( to the other man ) start search , please . abel would you put this out in the ashtray . on the windowsill there . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 5 . continued : ( 2 ) while a agent do this and the other Agents begin the search , abel , hold the palette , grab a small scrap of paper -- the one from the nickel bear a series of numeral . as the agent explore the room , abel use the paper to wipe the palette clean . abel ( cont 'd ) do not want this to get spoiled . the wet paint obliterate the code . as the agent continue to toss the room ... pre -lap mellow jazz piano ... dissolve to int . the harvard club two middle - age man sit in club chair face each other . each hold a tumbler of scotch . donovan do not say '' my guy . '' he 's not '' my guy . '' bate yes he 's you guy . who be we talk about ? donovan we be talk about a guy who be insure by my client . so do not make he '' my guy . '' bate okay , fine , my point be he -- the guy insure by you client -- he do not deny any of this thing happen -- donovan '' this thing ? '' bate yes . this five thing . donovan wait . hold it , hold it , hold it . not five thing , one thing . ( continued ) continued : 12.17.14 final shoot script 6 . bate clearly , it 's five thing . donovan well -- I be sorry -- it 's not clear to I . five thing ? explain it to I . bate it 's self -evident . donovan okay , then tell I what happen , tell I the story in a way that make sense . for five thing . bate Fine . absolutely . you guy -- donovan not my guy . insure by my client . bate the guy insure by you client -- be drive down State highway 19 when he lose control of he car , hit my five guy . the five guy who hire I to represent they because you be not honore you claim . donovan you mean my client be not honore the claim . the insurance company . bate Mr. donovan : we be all clear on who 's who here . donovan except , my client honors every claim . they do , Mr. bate , every single legitimate claim . up to the limit of they liability , which be $ 100,000 per accident in the case of this man 's policy . and this be one claim , accord to you description . '' he hit my five guy . '' the guy insure by my client have one accident , one one one , lose control of the car and hit five motorcyclist . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 7 . continued : ( 2 ) bate from they point of view , five thing happen . donovan look Bob -- may i? Bob ? ( gesture to self ) Jim . if I go bowl and I throw a strike , one thing happen . ten thing do not happen . bate Jim . my client be not bowl pin . as much you guy might have treat they so -- donovan lemme finish . if you house be insure to $ 100,000 and a tornado carry it away , it carry away one house . it do not pick up every stick of furniture and destroy it in a separate incident . if that 's what you be say , well , then there be never any limit to we liability and that be the end of the insurance business . and then , Bob , nobody be safe . reception : watter , cowan and donovan donovan step into a plush office suite . the receptionist work a busy switchboard . receptionist ( on phone ) watter , cowan and donovan , how may I direct you call ? alison , donovan 's secretary , step over with he mail . donovan good morning , alison . alison Morning , Mr. donovan . I move you nine a.m. with Prudential , sir . donovan why do you do that ? watter ( 0.s. ) I ask she to -- ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 8 . continued : donovan turn to find he senior partner , thomas watter JR ( 70 ) , watch he closely . donovan everything alright , Tom ? watter why do not you leave you stuff with alison , c’mon inside . donovan set he briefcase , mail and hat down and follow watter . watter ( cont ’d ) something pretty important have come up and there 's someone here to see we . Natalie 's 1ll get you coffee . ( to watter ' secretary Natalie ) nescafé , no cream , two lump . right ? donovan that 's right , thanks . he look concerned . watter 's office Lynn goodnough ( 5as ) , Chairman of the New York bar , smile as watter and donovan enter . goodnough shake donovan 's hand . goodnough Jim , nice to see you again . how 's the family ? donovan great , good , thanks . how 's Annie ? Natalie enter with donovan 's coffee , set in on desk . goodnough homicidal , we have the in - law for the holiday . watter sit on he desk . donovan well , if she act on it she 'il have good representation . chuckle . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 9 . continued : donovan ( cont 'd ) what 's up ? Natalie leave . all three man take they seat . goodnough okay . here 's the thing . the Soviet spy they catch . we want you to defend he . ( pause ) here 's the indictment . slap ! -- he drop a thick document onto the coffee table . silence . donovan look at it but do not reach for it . he be absorb the news . donovan well . more silence . donovan ( cont 'd ) ... I be not sure I should pick that up . watter the accuse do not know any lawyer . the Federal Court toss it into we lap . the bar Committee take a vote . you be the unanimous choice . goodnough it be important to we -- it 's important to we country , Jim -- that this man be see as get a fair shake . american justice will be on trial . donovan well , of course , when you put it that way , it 's a honor to be ask . but -- Lynn -- I be a insurance lawyer , I have not do criminal work in year . goodnough well it 's like riding a bike , be not it ? you distinguished yourself at Nuremberg . ( continued ) continued : 12.17.14 final shoot script 10 . ( 2 ) donovan I be on the prosecution team . goodnough not the point : you be no stranger to criminal law . Jim , look at the situation . the man be publicly revile . donovan and I will be too . goodnough yes , in more ignorant quarter . but that 's exactly why this have to be do -- and capably do . it can not look like we justice system toss people on the ash heap . think beat . donovan suppose I do ... what 's the evidence look like ? goodnough pretty overwhelming . donovan great . great . everyone will hate I , but at least I will lose . ( to watter ) what do you think , Tom ? the firm 'il suffer , I have work here . watter I think it 's a patriotic duty , this be a important mission . I tell Lynn the firm can not say no , and you would have a tough time say no too . I think you have to defend the sonofabitch . donovan 's office on young attorney Doug forrester . doug so you be do it ? donovan ( 0.c. ) do what ? ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 11 . continued : doug defend abel , the Soviet spy . wide to include donovan , seat at he desk , forrester stand in front of he . donovan I may be . hey how do you know ? do they post it on the bulletin board ? doug I be just talk to Richard -- donovan if I do this ? I be go to need you help . Doug sit , beam , until - donovan ( cont 'd ) can you work tonight ? doug well , I have a dinner date , sir ... donovan give he a hard look . doug ( cont 'd ) ( back -peddle ) it 's Tuesday , right ? no I can cancel . no problem . as Doug stand and exit , donovan chuckle to himself . donovan home -- dine room the family be at the dinner table . Mary exit from the kitchen with plate of food . donovan ...- but it 's also a honor . and the bar association ask I because they want to demonstrate that even this spy get a capable advocate . we hear the door open , off . mary well maybe it 's the kind of honor we can do without . people be scared , they be -- Carol walk in . ( continued ) continued : 12.17.14 final shoot script donovan hi honey , what be you do home ? carol I get stand up . donovan what ? that 's despicable . who 's this knot head ? carol I have rather not say . mary well sit down , we just start . ( to donovan ) ... people be scared , they be building bomb shelter to protect themselves from people like this man . donovan Roger . make another place set for you sister . Roger do as instruct . mary ( to donovan ) I go to the store , people be buy can food and potassium tablet . it 's all about this man and what he represent , he 's a threat to all of we , a traitor -- roger who 's a traitor ? donovan the rosenbergs be traitor -- roger who be they ? donovan they give atomic secret to the Russians . they be Americans , they betrayed they country . but you can not accuse abel of be a traitor , he 's not a american . 12 . ( continued ) continued : 12.17.14 final shoot script 13 . ( 2 ) mary listen to yourself . you be defend he already . you be rehearse it on I . you say you be just think about take it . donovan well I be just think about it -- just very hard . everyone deserve a defense . every person matter . mary Jim , what do we deserve ? you know how people will look at we ? the family of a man try to free a traitor ? donovan he 's not a traitor , Mary -- the doorbell . mary Roger get that . roger why do I have to do all the work around here ? Peggy reach for a dinner roll . mary wait till we say grace ! peggy I be hungry ! mary ( to donovan ) he 's about the most unpopular man in the country -- and you be try to take second place . carol yeah , and I be third . donovan no , Carol , you just make a date with the wrong guy . ( to Mary ) Mary , do not make we disagree if we be not disagreeing , you be against the guy , I be for he ? ( more ) ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 14 . continued : ( 3 ) donovan ( cont 'd ) huh-uh . I be not for the guy , I be not for Russians spying on we . I be for he right to have a defense in a court of law . that 's why we call it a court of law ... Roger walk back in lead Doug forrester who be carry a stack of book . Carol stiffen . doug hello , sir , sorry -- do not mean to interrupt you dinner . donovan ( still focus on Mary ) a court of law and not a ... not a ... hey , Doug . and not a kangaroo court . mary ( to Doug ) oh not at all , hello Doug -- Jim be just flail . donovan I be not flail ... go ahead , Doug , you can join we for dinner , we be have meat loaf tonight . mary ( ignore donovan , eying Doug 's book ) so you come over to help Jim think about whether he 's take the case . Doug , deaf to the irony , be innocently enthusiastic : doug oh , we be take it ! it 's exciting , be not it ? Mary stare dagger at donovan . Doug realize he 's step in it . donovan , abash , start say grace , extend he hand to Mary , who do not hold it so much as slap it ... brooklyn courthouse abel be lead by a guard into a detention room where donovan await . 12.17.14 final shoot script 15 . detention room donovan good morning , sir . my name be Jim donovan . this be my credential -- both man stand look at each other , abel still at the threshold . after a beat he move in further , he gaze hold on donovan who glance at papers on table donovan ( cont 'd ) I be a partner at watter , cowan and donovan . I be admit to the New York bar in 1941 . as the guard slam the door shut , abel pick up the papers and inspect they . donovan watch he , try to read he . donovan ( cont 'd ) «..- you have be charge with three count and nineteen over act ; conspiracy to transmit United States defense and atomic secret to the Soviet Union ; conspiracy to gather secret ; and fail to register as a foreign agent . abel do many foreign agent register ? only now do abel look up from the credential up to donovan . donovan take a moment , not sure if he 's be kidd . he take a seat at the table . donovan if you do not mind my ask , sir , since you arrest : where have you be ? abel I could not say for certain . donovan you do not know . abel take a seat . abel they drive I to a airport , put I on a plane . they take I off the plane . somewhere hot . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 16 . continued : donovan it 's hot here . abel hotter . very humid . they put I in a room . abel attend to he runny nose with a handkerchief . donovan be you beat ? abel no . I be ... talk to . offer be make . donovan what do you mean ? abel offer of employment . to work for you government . I be tell if I cooperate no further charge would be make against I , and I would be give money . donovan and you decline . abel as you see . donovan well of course , I can not endorse that . I feel duty bound to urge you to cooperate with the U.S. government . abel well , I say no . perhaps you could relay to you friend at the CIA that I mean it . donovan no no , I do not work for the agency . I do not work for the government . I be here to offer my service as you legal counsel . if you accept they as such , I work for you . abel if I accept you ? be you good at what you do ? ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 17 . continued : ( 2 ) donovan yeah , I be pretty good . abel have you represent many accuse spy ? donovan no . not yet . this will be a first for the both of we . abel chuckle , look again at donovan 's credential . abel all right . donovan all right you accept ? abel yes , all right . donovan good , okay , let 's start here . if you be firm in you resolve not to cooperate with the U.S. government -- abel I be . donovan yeah , then do not talk to anyone else about you case . Inside of government or out . except to I -- to the extent that you trust I . I have a mandate to serve you . nobody else do . quite frankly , everybody else have a interest in send you to the electric chair . abel all right . donovan you do not seem alarmed . abel shrug . abel would it help ? abel watch donovan for another moment . amuse . pull out a pad of paper and start write . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 18 . continued : ( 3 ) abel ( cont 'd ) I would like material . to draw with . donovan that 's not possible . abel a pencil . a piece of paper . and cigarettes . please . the show of manners surprise donovan . abel watch he . abel ( cont 'd ) Mr. donovan , you have man like I do the same for you country . if they be catch , I be sure you would wish they to be treat well . motel a cheap room with the curtain draw . a athletic-look man in uniform be seat on a chair . voice what 's you name ? man Francis Gary power . wider : he be strapped to a lie detector . interrogator rank , service . power first Lieutenant . United States Air Force . interrogator do you have any association with the Soviet Union , Lieutenant power ? power be you kiddin ? interrogator just answer the question , Lieutenant , yes / no or as simply as you can . do you have any association with the Soviet Union ? ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 19 . continued : power Hell no . interrogator do you know why you be here ? power uh-uh . interrogator be that a no ? power yes . I mean no . it 's just no . ( turn to the interrogator ) yes , I have absolutely no idea why I be here . interrogator eye front , Lieutenant . power turn back . power yes sir . exterior motel we be wide look at the fluorescent - light arcade of room of a motel with a cheap neon sign . night cricket . the door of one room open and power and a escort emerge : power be lead down the row of door to another , and he be show in . new room Three other pilot be inside , smoking , play card , wait . murphy how would ya do in there , Gary ? power pretty good . think I get my name right . murphy probably outscore shinn , then . power sit . power who 's winnin’ ? ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 20 . continued : murphy that would be I . power deal I in . a officer enter the room and the banter stop . the pilot stand . the officer chuckle and gesture for they to sit . he turn off the flicker tv , take a seat . william okay , driver , here 's the deal . you have be select for a mission which you be not to discuss with anyone outside of this room . no one . I do not care who you trust -- wife , mother , sweetheart , the good lord when you pray at night -- you do not tell any of ‘em anything of what I be about to tell you . each of you driver have meet certain qualification -- high level security clearance , exceptional pilot rating , in excess of the require hour flight time ina single seat aircraft . we be engage in a war . this war do not -- for the moment -- involve man at arm . it involve information . you will be collect information . you will be gather intelligence about the enemy -- the intelligence you gather could give we the upper hand in a full thermonuclear exchange with the Soviet Union . or it could prevent one . for public purpose -- as far as you wife or mother or sweetheart or the good lord above -- you mission do not exist . if it do not exist you do not exist . you can not be shot down . you can not be capture . he stand . william ( cont 'd ) you work for the CIA now . he smile , turn , and exit . on the now wary pilot . 12.17.14 final shoot script 21 . brooklyn courthouse -- judge byer 's chamber judge byer fix he tie in a mirror . judge byer so , Jim , I hear you guy be speak with a phony accent . do he keep that up all the time ? he turn to donovan and Assistant Attorney General William tompkin . donovan actually I be pretty sure that 's just the way he talk . he 's get the Russian name but a british passport . tompkin well I doubt that 's genuine . judge byer so , Jim , where be we at ? I see here you , uh ... he be lean forward , peer through he glass at a paper on he desk . he take a seat , as do donovan and tompkin . donovan yes , judge , I -- I just do not think three week be gonna do it here ; we have get a massive amount of evidence here -- judge byer you wanna postpone -- donovan six week , I mean there 's just myself and my associate , basically -- judge byer Jim . be this serious ? donovan Sir ? judge byer be this serious ? donovan yes . indeed it be . it 's , you will see in the filing -- ( continued ) continued : 12.17.14 final shoot script judge byer Jim , this man be a Soviet spy . donovan ..- allegedly , yeah -- judge byer C ’mon counselor . donovan you honor ! judge byer of course I salute you , we all salute you for take on a thankless task . this man have to have due process , but let 's not kid each other . a knock at the door . he stand stand . judge byer ( cont ’d ) he will receive a capable defense and , god willing , he will be convict . c’mon , counselor , let 's not play game with this . 22 . and head for the door . donovan and tompkin judge byer ( cont ’d ) not in my courtroom . we have a date and we be go to trial . he open the door and walk through it . outside borough hall it be evening . it 's pour rain . donovan exit the building with he briefcase and umbrella . a taxi approach . but it pas donovan ye donovan taxi ! ses straight by . lls after it : donovan ( cont 'd ) I see you light on ! sonofabitch . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 23 . continued : he see another man across the street and say , be : the cabbie : donovan ( cont 'd ) can not wait to get back to Manhattan ... his light be on , right ? the man just stand , smoking . donovan look around , still angry . no cab . he start walk . donovan ( cont 'd ) .-- sonofabitch . he walk on . he hear another set of footstep . he look around . a man behind . donovan experiment with pick up he pace . the man behind seem to match it . the pursuer be briefly block by several man exite a apartment building . donovan use this moment to crouch behind a car , try to control he breathe . quiet . the pursuer run as far as the corner . the footstep stop . a beat as the pursuer survey the empty street . then they resume , come closer , and the man circle the park car to look down at donovan . man Mr. donovan . donovan be unsure whether to be embarrassed or afraid . donovan what ? he rise and stare the man down . donovan 's angry . donovan ( cont 'd ) what ? 12.17.14 final shoot script 24 . bar donovan face the man , look at identification , which he hand back . donovan CIA . man yeah . just want to chat . how 's the case go ? donovan the case be go great . could not be better . man uh-huh . have you guy talk ? donovan ... Excuse I ? man you meet he , have he talk ? have he say anything yet ? donovan stare at he . then : donovan we be not have this conversation . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 25 . continued : the man nod agreeably . man no , of course not . donovan no , I mean we be really not have it . you be ask I to violate attorney - client privilege . man oh c’mon counselor , you -- donovan and I wish people like you would quit say '' oh c’mon , counselor . '' I do not like it the first time it happen today , a judge say it to I twice , and the more I hear it , the more I do not like it . man ok , well listen , I understand attorney - client privilege . I understand all the legal gamesmanship and I understand that that 's how you make a live . but I be talk to you about something else -- the security of you country . I be sorry if the way I put it offend you , but we need to know what abel be tell you . you understand I , donovan ? we need to know . do not go Boy scout on I -- we do not have a rule book here . donovan take a beat , size the man up . donovan you be agent hoffman , yeah ? man yeah . donovan german extraction ? man yeah , so ? donovan my name be donovan , irish . both side , mother and father . ( more ) ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 26 . continued : ( 2 ) donovan ( cont 'd ) I be irish , you be german , but what make we both Americans ? just one thing , one one one . the rule book . we call it the constitution . we agree to the rule , and that 's what make we Americans , it 's all that make we Americans . so do not tell I there 's no rule book and do not nod at I like that you sonofabitch . the man stop nodd and just look at donovan appraise he . donovan smile and get up from the table , gather he thing . man do we need to worry about you ? donovan not if I be leave alone to do my job . he grab a peanut from the dish on the table and walk away as he pop it into he mouth . airplane hangar the door of the hangar split like a metal curtain and roll back . power and the other pilot stare in , expectantly . title : peshawar AIR station , pakistan sitting in the shadow be a huge black aircraft . the streamline body of a glider , enormous wing . the U - 2 . the pilot begin to surround it , examine it . william from this moment forward , you will not refer to the U - 2 as a spy plane or reconnaissance aircraft . you will refer to it as '' the article . '' '' the article '' have a eighty - foot wingspan . power by a single Pratt and whitney j57 p37 engine . 10,000 pound of thrust . maximum speed of 430 mile a hour . she may not be quick but at you cruise altitude of 70000 foot , nothing will come close to you . power seventy -thousand . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 27 . continued : william the idea be the enemy do not even know you be there . power smile ; it 's the most beautiful thing he 's ever see . the other pilot fan out . Joe Murphy look at the tail attach with three short bolt . murphy look kinda flimsy . william every extra pound of weight cost a foot in altitude and we need to accommodate the camera . the pilot gather around a structure on which be mount several camera lense . william ( cont 'd ) that 's a thirty - inch lens . a pin - sharp panoramic camera . four time as powerful as any aerial reconnaissance camera we have ever use . you be gonna be take picture . lot of picture . at 70000 foot '' the article '' can photograph 2,000 square mile of territory in one pass . now , driver , give agent sumner you undivide attention . sumner direct they to a table festoon with gear of all kind . CIA agent the item you will need on you mission be here . FBI field office -- evidence room donovan and Doug forrester stand in front of twenty - five large trestle table cover with the equipment seize from abel 's studio . agent blasco be read through a list . blasco a hollow-handled shave brush ; a complete set of cipher tablet on edible silver foil ; specialist photographic equipment -- donovan yeah , we get the idea . thank you . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 28 . continued : blasco grudgingly hand over the list and step away . donovan examine the list . he notice something on the paper . donovan ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , agent bosco . blasco ?. blasco Sir ? donovan there seem to be a sub-section to this list here . blasco well most of this stuff come from he studio . but the rest be from the hotel room he be hole up in . where we find he . donovan the hotel room you searched ? blasco well , yeah . donovan can I see the warrant ? blasco what ? brooklyn courthouse -- judge byer 's chamber donovan watch as judge byer look through he half - glass at a document on the desk before he . forrester be stand further back by the door as be asst . Attorney General tompkin . judge byer yeah , explain this to I ? there be a warrant . donovan well , there be a warrant , a civil detention writ -- for the arrest of a alien . but there be no search warrant for suspicion of criminal activity . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : he stand . courtroom as people 12.17.14 final shoot script 29 . donovan ( cont 'd ) so that search , and the evidence that be the fruit of that search , that 's all taint and should not be admit . tompkin what protection be he due , you honor ? the man be not -- the man be , what , '' Rudolf ivanovich abel , '' he be a Soviet citizen , he be not a american . donovan 1886 , yick wo v. hopkins , the court hold that even alien , in that case , chinese immigrant , could not be hold to answer for a crime without due process of law ... include any alien that enter this country illegally -- judge byer the Department of justice have its first allegiance to the United States . I do not see how a alien , if he 's here illegally , how he suffer deprivation of rights . rights as what ? a american ? rights as what , counselor ? in no uncertain term : judge byer ( cont ’d ) we be in a battle for civilization . this Russian spy come here to threaten we way of life . now we have a courtroom of people wait . get out there , sit beside the Russian , and let 's get this over and do with . and you motion be deny . take they seat , tompkin turn to the man next to he and glance at donovan , say : tompkin he should take some insurance out on himself . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 30 . continued : abel be sit next to donovan . abel how do we do ? donovan in there ? ( grope ) not too good . apparently you be not a american citizen . abel that 's true . he dab at he nose with he handkerchief . donovan and accord to you boss , you be not a Soviet citizen either . abel be always mild : abel well ... the boss be not always right but he 's always the boss . donovan look at he . donovan do you never worry ? abel ( shrug ) would it help ? a door open by the judge 's bench and judge byer enter . there be general movement as the bailiff call : bailiff all rise . classroom every child rise to he foot . with hand on heart , they begin to recite the pledge of allegiance . pull -down screen . from the black a flash of white light and a atomic bomb be detonated -- in black and white and on film . narrator first , you have to know what happen when a atomic bomb explode . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 31 . continued : kid watch in a classroom . Roger donovan be among they . narrator ( cont ’d ) .-.- there be a bright flash , brighter than the sun . onscreen we see footage of tree rock wildly from the blast . a animation of a idyllic house . with a tree and hayrick in a field . suddenly a atomic explosion rip the house sideways . Glass fly , branch be blow through the air , straw and leave be suck violently past . face of student -- rivete , hardly breathe -- a girl scared to tear . narrator ( cont ’d ) ...- it can smash in building , and break window all over town . but if you duck and cover , like burt -- animation of burt the turtle . narrator ( cont ’d ) you 'il be much safer . on roger , apprehensive . narrator ( cont ’d ) there be two kind of attack . with warning , and without any warning ... donovan home -- bathroom donovan open the bathroom door . he look in on he son , who have fill the bathtub to the very top with water . Roger have a bruise under one eye . donovan hm. what 's go on in here ? roger okay dad , this be really important . when the war begin , the first thing they do be cut off all the water and all the electricity . so the first thing we should do be keep this fill , and use the shower in you room , use the sink downstairs , the garden house outside -- ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 32 . continued : donovan that be good idea . but Roger , I do not see this as be something you ever have to worry about . roger but when you hear the siren , there may not be enough time to fill up the tub and the sink . donovan there be not go to be any siren . what be this ? Roger lift a draw he make , from a small table strewn with magazine article . roger when the bomb come , the reds will aim for the Empire State Building . but the bomb go off at 10,000 foot up . in life Magazine , it 's call a airburst and if the bomb be 50 megaton , the '' blast wave '' go out , and out , and out , and melt everything from here to here ( point to he draw ) -- include where we live ... here . donovan take the draw , sit down on the cover toilet . donovan Roger , nobody 's drop atomic bomb on we . roger but the Russians want to . you know the guy you be defend , he 's here to get thing ready for the guy who drop the bomb ... donovan he be not here for that . and he 's not even a Russian ... he be bear , we think , in Northern England . roger but he 's a spy for Russia . I do not even understand what you be do . you be not a Communist , so why be you defend one ? ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 33 . continued : ( 2 ) donovan because it 's my job . roger it never use to be . subway donovan , seat on a crowded train , look around at other passenger read the various newspaper . a page four banner headline read : '' after ten day of testimony -- abel spy case goe to the jury " there be also a picture of donovan stand next to abel . a few passenger on the subway lift they eye from they papers , recognize donovan . donovan feel like everyone 's look at he and not kindly . courthouse the foreman of the jury stand , sense every eye on he . the public gallery be full . clerk in the case of the United States of America versus Rudolf abel , as to the first count in the indictment , how do you find the defendant ? guilty or not guilty ? donovan stand next to abel . foreman guilty . clerk as to the second count ? foreman guilty . clerk as to the third count ? foreman guilty . donovan you honor , I make a motion to set aside the guilty verdict as against the weight of evidence . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 34 . continued : judge byer denied . the jury be discharge , thank you all . I would like to add that if I be one of you I would have reach the same verdict . sentence will be on November fifteen . detention room donovan pace in a detention room . he turn to see abel stand just inside the door . a Guard donovan donovan donovan smile . donovan the death sentence be not a foregone conclusion , do not worry -- abel I be not afraid to die , Mr. donovan . although ... close the door . abel ( cont 'd ) .-- it would not be my first choice . open he briefcase and remove abel 's sketch pad . donovan you leave this behind . abel oh , thank you . also hand he a packet of cigarettes . abel ( cont 'd ) oh thank you very much . light abel 's cigarette . abel draw on it and abel ( cont 'd ) you have never ask I if the charge be true . if I be indeed a spy . donovan this be how we do it : the case against you matter . make they prove it matter . the fiction be , whether you do it or not do not matter . the state have to prove it , that you be a spy . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 35 . continued : abel so you be not curious ? donovan no , not really . I always assume you be a artist . donovan chuckle . abel my wife , she 's the artist . she 's a musician . in the child 's orchestra of Moscow . donovan what instrument ? abel the harp . donovan oh . then she 's a angel . abel , now seat at the table , smoke , regards donovan . abel you know , sit there like that -- you remind I of a man who use to come to we house when I be young . my father use to tell I , '' watch this man . '' so I do . every time he come , and never once do he do anything remarkable . donovan and I remind you of he ? abel this one time , when I be the age of you son , we house be overrun -- by partisan border guard . dozen of they . my father be beat . my mother be beat . and this man , my father 's friend -- he be beat . and I watch this man . every time they hit he , he stand back up again . so they hit he harder . still , he get back to he foot . I think because of this they stop the beat . they let he live . stoikey muzhik , I remember they say . stoikey muzhik . that sort of mean , like , uh , stand man . ( more ) ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 36 . continued : ( 2 ) abel ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) stand man . donovan be move . brooklyn brownstone door it be swing open by a middle - age woman , hair do , evening dress , ready to go out . millie hello , Jim ! donovan millie . you be a vision . millie mortie 's busy get kitted out , but c’mon in . donovan enter the house . millie ( cont 'd ) scotch , Jim ? donovan oh yes , please . thank you . justa drop of water . byer 's home -- live room judge byer be work on bow tie at a mirror in which he see donovan enter . there be a scotch in a tumbler on the bureau top . donovan you honor . judge byer ' lo , Jim , just go out , get a couple minute though . March of dime thing . millie be active . jim well thank you for see I . I just want to give you my two cent on the sentencing , and I think maybe I should -- pester you at home , as ... not all my point be ... narrowly legal . ( continued ) continued : 12.17.14 final shoot script 37 . judge byer yeah well it 's that kind of case . I hope I be not too scratchy during the trial but it 's exactly what you say : nothing about this be narrowly legal . there be bigger issue . he can not quite get he tie right , rip it off . judge byer ( cont ’d ) bigger issue . he move into the dining room , try again with the tie ina nother mirror . millie enter with donovan 's drink , hand it to he and exit . the judge donovan um ...sir , I think it could be consider in the best interest of the United States that abel remain alive . he -- turn to face he . judge byer why ? I be not say I have make up my mind but , if he be go to cooperate , work with the government , he have have do it already . donovan true , but if he -- very sharp , nettle at the interruption : judge byer Excuse I . ( a beat of silence to make clear that the floor be he , then move into the next room to try at yet another mirror ) you can not say it 's in the best interest of the United States that he spend the rest of he day in a prison cell . how be this the national interest . he look at donovan as if he 's a idiot . he set the glass down and turn back to the mirror and he tie . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script continued : ( 2 ) donovan yes sir . not the incarceration itself , but ... it 's possible that in the foreseeable future a american of a equivalent rank might be capture by Soviet Russia . we might want to have someone to trade . judge byer wow . that sound like ... spin what -if . you could do that till the cow come home . donovan that 's my business , what - if . I be in insurance . there 's nothing implausible about this one , it 's entirely in the realm of what could happen . it 's the kind of probability that people buy insurance for . if we send this guy to he death we leave ourselves wide open . no policy in we back pocket for the day the storm come . byer be still work on he tie , unimpress . judge byer Nice speech . donovan clear he throat , and be control : donovan Sir , there 's also the humanitarian argument . should he die for do the job they send he to do . 38 . the judge be satisfied with he tie now . he turn away form the mirror . finishes off he drink . judge all right counselor , I gotta run . good see you , Jim . he walk past millie , who be hold donovan 's hat , the stair . millie I ’1l1 walk you out . courtroom on able 's hand , sketching on a pad . and up ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 39 . continued : bailiff ( 0.c . ) all rise . the crowd silently rise , wait for the judge to take he seat . bailiff ( cont 'd ) the United States District Court for the eastern district of New York be now in session . the honorable mortimer byer preside . the judge sit . bailiff ( cont 'd ) be seat . the crowd sit . watter watch . Mary watch . tompkin tompkin watch . judge byer the defendant will please rise . abel and donovan stand up . they be apprehensive . judge byer ( cont ’d ) in the measure judgment of this Court the follow sentence , base upon the jury 's verdict of guilty as to each count of the indictment , be believe to meet the test which have be state . pursuant to the verdict of guilty as to all count , the defendant be commit to the custody of the Attorney General of the United States for imprisonment in a Federal institution to be select by he , for a period of thirty year . he reach for he gavel , bang . judge byer ( cont ’d ) marshal , you may take the defendant into custody ... the crowd be immediately alive , and unhappy . a hostile murmur . abel look at donovan . abel no electrocution ? ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 40 . continued : ( 2 ) donovan , surprised , smile . donovan no ... no. no. the hostile noise in the crowd have grow louder , and grow louder still when the judge leave . it all but drown out the drine of a bailiff give he boilerplate summation , and one man in the crowd stand up and shout : man why be not we hang he ? why in God 's name be not we hang he ? the judge bang he gavel . judge byer sit down ! the crowd stand and erupt in shout agreement with the man . the judge bang he gavel again . hallway a press of people around donovan who have be join by Mary . they be escort by the court officer who seem to be rather necessary give the hostile crowd . Reporters shout out '' just one question ! '' courtroom abel retrieve he hat amid the chaos . lobby of courthouse cameras flash among the throng . Mary seem panicked . watter nobody here have a comment . donovan we be in firm ground for a case on appeal . this draw a concerned look from watter . donovan 's point of view : through many body , another figure be escort the opposite way : abel , walk unsteadily in he over-size suit . more body intervene -- he be lose to view . donovan and Mary walk away , across a floor litter with spend flashbulb . 12.17.14 final shoot script 41 . lobby of courthouse Tom watter , donovan in the middle , Mary on the other side . watter Jim , you do a great job . you fulfil you mandate , and then some . but the man be a spy , and the verdict be correct , and there 's no reason to appeal it . donovan there 's ample procedural reason . we know the search be taint , and the fourth amendment issue be always go to weigh more heavily in a appellate forum -- we have get a good shot . watter what the goddamn hell be you talk about -- we be suppose to show that he have a capable defense , which we do , why be you cite the goddamn constitution at I ? donovan Tom , if you look I in the eye and tell I we do not have grounds for a appeal . I x11 drop it right now . watter I be not say that . you know what I be say . mary Tom be say there 's a cost to this thing , Jim . watter that 's right ! mary a cost to both you family and you firm . donovan give a helpless look at she . 12.17.14 final shoot script 42 . prison -- detention room donovan sit at one end of the meeting table . abel , smoking , at the other end . between they , a radio play classical music . abel I have miss music . donovan they check the radio to make sure there be no transmitter . abel smile . abel I be sure they do . ( a beat as he smile , both man listen , abel 's gaze drift up ) ... shostakovitch . they listen . abel ( cont 'd ) a very great artist , shostakovitch . donovan be deep in think . donovan I think we strongest grounds for a reversal , be constitutional . we best chance be if the Supreme Court agree to review we case . abel switch off the radio , remove he glass . abel Jim . you should be careful . donovan smile , but uneasily . abel ( cont 'd ) careful . donovan home -- live room Carol , in curler , watch tv on the sofa , snack on peanut butter and cracker . suddenly , the window shatter . several gun report , shatter object . Carol drop the peanut butter jar , crawl under the coffee table . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 43 . continued : carol ( scream ) mom ! outside a car screech away . donovan home -- live room Mary and donovan rush to she as she run to Mary 's arm . donovan what in God 's name happen ? honey be you all right ? be you hurt ? mary Peggy and Roger . upstair ! donovan bound up the stair . donovan home -- upstair hallway donovan race and squat to put a arm around Peggy to comfort she . Roger be the only one not fearful -- excited , in fact : roger I sit with my back against the wall , dad ! donovan 's face come up from where he have be nuzzling Peggy 's head . donovan ... what ? roger I sit with my back against the wall , away from the window ! donovan good...good ... good boy . it 's okay . they be go . they be coward . they be go . downstair -- minute later Roger inspect the shattered live room window as donovan walk out to the veranda with a plainclothes police lieutenant . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 44 , continued : lieutenant we will have detective canvase the neighborhood , maybe we will find a description of the car . I do not think it 's very - - donovan we be go to need protection . lieutenant I have instruction to leave two car here , it will be pretty obvious this be a secure -- donovan for how long ? I have to be in Washington later on this week -- a uniform cop nearby have be listen . cop what be you doin ? what be you doin to you family ? donovan pardon I , officer ? cop you be still defend this guy . what be you fight for he for ? lieutenant okay , knock that off , officer -- cop knock off nothing . I be in the third wave at omaha Beach . wuddya think about that , buddy ? donovan I do my time in the service -- cop -- fight this guy ? and you be defend he ? what be I not gettin’ here ? donovan just do you job as a officer of the law ! ( continued ) 56 12.17.14 final shoot script 45 . continued : ( 2 ) lieutenant okay , I be sorry ( to the cop ) let 's get outside . donovan no , let 's forget about he -- cop what be I not gettin’ here ? lieutenant outside , officer . he move he down the stair and two other uniform cop follow they into the street swarm with cop car , onlooker , reporter . donovan walk back into the now- quiet live room , where a shell - shocked Mary , Carol and Becky lie together on the sofa . donovan return to the open front double door and slam they shut . peshawar usaf base - hangar Williams be briefing the pilot . he stand before a blackboard -- a quick sketch of the U - 2 instrument panel . william should it become necessary to abandon the aircraft over Soviet territory , then there 's a two and half pound explosive charge contain within the fuselage . he pick up such a explosive from a nearby table and demonstrate . william ( cont 'd ) first , you activate the circuit . but to start the seventy - second timer you need to flip the switch mark destruct . Williams point to a button mark destruct and he look meaningfully at the pilot . william ( cont 'd ) it be imperative that this flight remain a secret and this equipment do not fall into enemy hand . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 46 . continued : power and what about we ? power be smile , a half - joke . william I do not know if you be kid , Lieutenant , I be not . what you know about the plane be as secret as the plane itself . silence as this sink in . william ( cont 'd ) if capture be a foregone conclusion you go down with you plane . if you think you can ditch and get away -- if you be close enough to a border -- fine , you know the ejection protocol . but if you ditch ... he open a ball fist to show a silver dollar . william ( cont 'd ) «+- you bring the dollar with you . there 's a pin inside . he withdraw the pin . william ( cont 'd ) scratch you skin anywhere . it 's instantaneous . if you think you be about to be capture you use it . driver , you understand I ? spend the dollar . outside the hangar a suite - up power climb into a jeep with Murphy and a driver . super : UNITED states supreme court as donovan walk up the white marble step . jeep pull up to the U - 2 on the airstrip with power . the U - 2 , mechanic finish they work in service . 12.17.14 final shoot script 47 . donovan enter Supreme Court chamber . power suited up , be fitte with a parachute by Murphy . supreme court deafen quiet . donovan stand at the bench before the justice . donovan Mr. Chief justice , and may it please the court . '' the cold War '' be not just a phrase , you honor . it 's not just a figure of speech . truly a battle be be fight , between two compete view of the world . I contend that Rudolf ivanovich abel -- Colonel abel as he be call even by the man who arrest he -- be we foe in that battle . airstrip power in the cockpit , Murphy go over final check with he . auxiliary power , oxygen supply ... supreme court donovan continue speak . donovan ( cont 'd ) ...- he be treat as a combatant in that war until it no longer suite we government to so treat he . accordingly he be not give the protection we give we own citizen . he be subject to treatment that , however appropriate to a suspect enemy , be not appropriate to a suspect criminal . airstrip power finalize he check . Murphy shake he hand . the U - 2 taxi and then soar into the sky , engine roaring . 12.17.14 final shoot script 48 . supreme court donovan I know this man . if the charge be true , he serve a foreign power -- but he serve it faithfully . if he be a soldier in the oppose army -- he be a good soldier . he have not fle the battle to save himself ; he have refuse to serve he captor , he refuse to betray he cause , he have refuse to take the coward 's way out . the coward must abandon he dignity before he abandon the field of battle . that , Rudolf abel will never do . should not we , by give he the full benefit of the rights that define we system of governance , show this man who we be ? who we be : be that not the great weapon we have in this cold War ? will we stand by we cause less resolutely than he stand by he ? stratospheric space a u- 2 bank leave into view , its single engine roaring . u-2 cockpit power move he hand to the camera trigger , look into the lens . the telephoto lens at the front of the U - 2 let fly , rapid - fire as it focus on the earth below . u-2 cockpit power be focus on he instrument . a missile trail flash past to the leave : a miss . a violent whump in the cockpit . power hold he breath . power check he dial : everything be in one piece . just then he notice he right wing dip . he pull leave on the stick to level the plane and the plane respond : we seem to be get back to normal . a deafen impact : more violent than the first . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 49 . continued : complete shaking , rock , diving loss of control . the canopy spiderweb with crack . power look down , he leg trap under he instrument panel . he try to wriggle free as the U - 2 drop at two hundred foot a second . as the plane continue to fall , the earth rush into view , power open the destruct button and the canopy shatter , suck he out of the cockpit . power 's faceplate freeze instantly in the sub-zero air . he fall alongside the U - 2 as it spiral downward and crack apart , tie to the cockpit by he oxygen tube . the plane 's instrument panel begin to freeze over . the destruct button remain open but unpress . power 's oxygen pipe , secure to a tank in the cockpit , begin to rip loose . use the oxygen pipe power haul himself back towards the aircraft . he reach for the destruct button but cannot quite reach it . the pipe shear away from its tank and power separate from the plane . man and plane continue to fall alongside one another . then , at 15,000 foot , power 's parachute automatically open . a piece of the fuselage barely miss he as he pull off he freeze face plate . he drift down , the landmass of Russia rise toward he . power rip off he faceplate , suck in air . Far below now , the shattered tail of the U - 2 shear off . both wing be tear clean off as the plane hurtle away . slow dissolve to a whirring table fan announcer ( v.o. ) the President announce that a NASA weather plane disappear four day ago , north of Turkey ... prison recreation room abel be work on a painting . the newscast continue , its source the radio that donovan give abel in they last meeting . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 50 . continued : announcer .-- and the space administration fear that its pilot die in the crash ... a brush enter to continue work on the painting . announcer ( cont ’d ) .-- radar show the plane wander off course , deep into Soviet territory before contact be lose , complicate any effort to recover it or the remain of the pilot . now to news out of Washington : in a close vote today the Supreme Court affirm the conviction of Russian spy , Rudolf ivanovich abel , five vote to four . the brush stop momentarily . wider on abel , pause at he work . announcer ( cont ’d ) .-.- the case present civil liberty issue accord to the Russian 's lawyer , James B. donovan . donovan home - kitchen Mary stand at the open refrigerator , hold grocery item , listen attentively to the same broadcast . announcer ( cont ’d ) when ask how he feel about today 's loss , Mr. donovan simply say , '' tire . '' I will have more news for you after this message . Mary breathes a sigh of relief . mary ( to herself ) it 's over ... watter , cowan & donovan donovan walk through the busy office to a desk . donovan marty , I will be danm if I can find the file on that Prudential case . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 51 . continued : the young man stand . marty I , uh ... Mr. watter ask I to move it over to Jack elwe 's office . along with the first draft of the appeal . donovan he do ? marty he redraft and file it last week . while you be in Washington . continuous donovan approach watter 's office , where Tom watter be ina meeting with what appear to be the principal partner in the firm . watter how long have we be together now , and you act as if I have never close a deal ? set up a meeting , someplace fancy . the door stand ajar . watter look up and see donovan , who wave . he meet donovan 's look , without warmth , and pointedly turn back to the table to continue . watter ( cont ’d ) I be betting Mr. Young would like some of the finer thing New York have to offer . donovan listen -- no invitation to join . Natalie exit with a tea pot and the door close in he face . allison be sorting mail . as donovan walk away she approach he with a letter in she hand . alisonl do you know anyone from leipzig ? donovan more hate mail ? from Germany now ? allison from East Germany . she hand it to he . 12.17.14 final shoot script 52 . prison -- exercise yard abel be read the letter . he still have the sniffles . donovan stand next to he , wait for he to finish read . donovan be it you wife ? abel no , no , no , no . she pretend to be , but it 's not even good pretense . he look back down at the letter , read : abel ( cont 'd ) .-. " I be take this liberty to write to you after have learn from the newspaper about you most humane attitude towards my beloved husband , Rudolf abel . '' he look up , chuckle . donovan and do I write back ? abel shrug . abel ya , ya , ya -- what 's the next move when you do not know what the game be ? he hand the letter back to donovan . hall of trade union -- moscow a man stand beside power , translate the Russian judge 's voice that be be amplify by loudspeaker : translator -.. u.s.s.r. law on criminal responsibilty for state crime , to ten year of confinement , with the first three year to spend in prison . the term of the confinement ... he drone on as a stricken power absorb the translation . wide to show the thousand gather in the majestic hall , now stand and cheer the sentence . 12.17.14 final shoot script 53 . CIA headquarters -- lobby donovan sit , wait , and stare at the CIA seal on the wall . CIA headquarters -- dulle 's office as donovan enter . dulle ( 0.c . ) Mr. donovan , thank you so much for come . donovan it 's a pleasure to meet you , Mr. dulle . it 's a honor , sir . Allen dulle ( 70' ) hand donovan a cup of coffee . dulle nescafe , cream , two lump . donovan thank you . dulle lift the letter from a sideboard . dulle okay . this letter you receive . it seem pretty clear that the Soviets be make a overture here . they be do it through East Germany because they still do not want to acknowledge abel be a Soviet citizen much less a Soviet spy . so , a lot of fiction go on . donovan yes sir . but -- to what end ? dulle they have get we guy , we spy pilot , we have get they guy . he hand the letter to agent hoffman . dulle ( cont 'd ) a prisoner exchange . I think that 's what they be after . which could hardly be a surprise to you , counselor : it 's a eventuality that I think you foresee . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 54 . continued : donovan yeah , I sure do . and I be so rarely right . dulle chuckle . the three man cross the large office to dulle 's desk , where he take a seat and donovan and hoffman do the same . dulle well congratulation . red-letter day . now , we have we man over there , power -- a good man -- but with a ... with a head full of classified information . abel have a head full of classified information , too , but he have not give we a lick . donovan and , sir , take it from I -- he will not . dulle yes , we know that but the Russians do not . they want they man back before he crack and we want power back for the same reason . donovan I think you be say , sir , there might be a happy end for everybody -- dulle yes , if we , um , indulge they fiction . he light a pipe , study donovan . dulle ( cont 'd ) we want you to negotiate the swap because you be a private citizen , so it 's not government talk . they do not acknowledge abel as a Soviet citizen and we do not acknowledge East Germany as a sovereign country . we have not recognize East Berlin since it be annex by the Soviets in ' 45 . donovan so I act as negotiator , represent ( continued ) continued : 12.17.14 final shoot script 55 . ( 2 ) dulle you be not represent anybody . you be not a government official , you have no official stand . donovan so ... some fiction on we side as well . dulle correct . which mean of course you can not rely on any acknowledgment or help if thing go south . the CIA can not be responsible , we can not be embarrassed . donovan and where do they want this negotiation to take place ? dulle there . donovan ... there ? dulle East Berlin . donovan but be not East Berlin get rather ... dulle well , yes , the place be get ... complicated . hoffman yeah , complicated . the Soviet side have be set up checkpoint for the past few month to try to stop people hemorrhage to the western sector . it have not work . we have intelligence to suggest that they May go one step further and wall off the entire Eastern sector . donovan be concerned , think ... dulle okay -- that 's it in a nutshell . the decision be entirely yours . if you need time to kick it around ... ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 56 . continued : ( 3 ) after a pensive beat -- donovan no . no , I do not . dulle well fine ! Fine ! he rise to shake donovan 's hand . dulle ( cont 'd ) of course it 's be best if this all remain confidential . let 's not discuss any of this with , uh ... ( a discreet look to a open file on the table ) Mary , or with anyone else . share the correspondence only with we . it will let we know what they want to do , and when . all three man walk toward the door . donovan I have no client , no wife , no government . do not quite know what I be do , or when , or who for . dulle you be do it for you country . but you country do not know that yet . donovan what about my client , the other person in this equation -- my guy . dulle '' you guy '' ? you mean the Russian ? he 's not you guy any more , counselor , you guy be Francis Gary power now . donovan and what do I tell Rudolf abel ? dulle tell he not to drop dead . super : berlin , germany a tank and a fleet of army truck with Soviet marking in the street of Berlin . easst german soldier work with pick -ax and shovel . Soldiers break up the concrete ground . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 57 . continued : hundred of East german digging a foundation through the heart of the city . two parent rush by , carry they child , try to cross . pryor , a young american student walk he bike , watch . he mount he bike and ride along the wall , a camera around he neck and a satchel sling over he shoulder . Eastern berliner try to cross be drag back by soldier . one mother with she child shout across to she husband strand on the Eastern side . as the wall reach further upward , more and more people arrive on both side . some climb down from apartment window , dangle , while other below try to catch they . on the STREET pryor , now walk he bicycle , arrive at a gap in the construction . supplies here be pile up but no worker have yet be dispatch to this section . a brief look back and forth , and then pryor push he bike into the Eastern sector . title : east berlin pryor pull up outside a austere - look apartment block . he lean he bike against the wall , enter the building . apartment interior the door be ajar , german radio come from inside . pryor enter . the apartment be the book -crowd domain of a academic . pryor project over the sound of the radio . pryor Professor ? a young woman -- katje -- emerge from the kitchen . katje papa go to the University . you should not be here , frederic . pryor they be have class today ? ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 58 . continued : she shrug . katje he go to see . it 's where he go . what be you do here ? pryor I come to get you and you father . you have to come with I . you might not get out tomorrow . katje just -- leave ? pryor yes , yes , yes , leave . right now . minute later the young man and young woman push they bike quickly , amid tank and soldier . up ahead be the street where he cross through , into the East . Soldiers be now at work there . pryor go back . go back . a few armed soldier notice the couple . they start toward they . pryor ( cont 'd ) I will be okay , I be american . go back to you father 's , we will find another way , just go . she ease off , start to walk away . the soldier call to she in german . she turn , walk backwards , shrug , answer in german , still retreate . the soldier be upon pryor . pryor hold he palm up in apology . soldier paper . please . pryor ich bin Student . frederic pryor , I - ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 59 . continued : the soldier yell at he as he reach forward , grab the camera round he neck and yank it , snap the strap . he shake the camera in pryor 's face , yell . a second soldier grab he bike and toss it aside . pryor ( cont 'd ) my name be frederic pryor . I be a economics student . Student . he withdraw a binder from he satchel . pryor ( cont 'd ) it 's my dissertation , my thesis . the foreign Trade system of the european Communist Nations . the soldier take it from he . pryor ( cont 'd ) there 's a lot of work ... the soldier hand it off to another soldier . pryor ( cont 'd ) ( as he reach for it ) and that 's my only copy -- the reach be a mistake : as the second soldier knock he down . katje , watch from a distance , be terrify for he . donovan home -- master bedroom a rush donovan be toss dress shirt into a open suitcase on the bed . mary watch tersely . donovan come up at the last minute . they have office in London . this client , not my idea , Scotland , a fishing expedition . it 's obvious to donovan that she do not believe a word . Mary 's too smart for this , and of late , they life have be far too strange . mary ( pointedly ) what kind of fishing , Jim ? donovan salmon fishing ... ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 60 . continued : mary just tell I that you be not go to be in any danger . that it 's a routine business trip , and I will not worry . donovan keep move ; he do not have time to pause . donovan I need my passport . she open the dresser drawer so he can retrieve it . mary just give I something to hold onto . I do not even care if it 's the truth . donovan reach for she , gently hold she waist . donovan ( the truth ) I be do this for we . title card : berlin a black sedan drive through the snow , away from the central airport . donovan be in the back seat middle , hoffman and agent pinker on either side . hoffman Mr. michener here be you Berlin escort . he 's a attaché with the US embassy . he refer to the State Department man in the front passenger seat . the driver be someone with a extremely thick neck and fleshy ear . michener have he arm hook around the seat to talk back . michener so ... it 's get goddamn complicated . donovan uh-huh . michener as you know , the last letter from '' Mrs . ( more ) ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 61 . continued : ( 2 ) michener ( cont 'd ) abel , '' whoever she be , talk about she lawyer in East Berlin , Mr. Vogel , whoever he be . '' representing she interest , '' she say . donovan yeah . Vogel say he 's go to the Russian embassy in East Berlin , and they may be ready to trade abel for power . we do not know who 's who , but they be all basically the Russian , right ? michener well , Soviet -- we think so . donovan wuddya mean ? can we turn up the heat in here ? michener talk to the driver in german . the man shrug , tweak a knob on the dash . michener there 's a wrinkle -- uh -- uh -- they might try to throw you a curve ball , try and get you to accept another prisoner other than power . donovan another american ? michener the East german stasi pick up a american student -- frederic pryor -- a kid they find on the wrong side of the wall . he 's a grad student out of Yale , come over here to study economics . so , they be make noise about try this kid for espionage , grave offense , capital crime . well : Vogel get in touch with we , say he represent pryor . donovan wait a minute . Vogel represent '' Mrs. abel , '' and this kid ? michener yeah , he 's -- busy . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 62 . continued : ( 3 ) donovan so -- what be he ? he really be East german ? or Russian ? michener well -- try to figure it out when you meet he . Russian embassy , East Berlin , noon tomorrow . hoffman will show you how to get there . donovan show I how to get there ? but I be go to have a escort . uncomfortable silence ; donovan note it . donovan ( cont 'd ) ..- right ? michener be uncomfortable : michener well , that be the plan , but -- like I say , there 's a wrinkle . I will not be take you . the decision have be make , no U.S. government personnel be to cross the border until further notice . donovan how come ? michener too dangerous . the East Germans grab this kid . there 's a degree of impunity , uh , that we have not anticipate . the point be that the East german agenda , and the Russian agenda , may not be the same thing . you try to figure it out . and act accordingly : try to make a deal -- power for abel . donovan well what about this college kid , pryor ? hoffman do not fall for that . we can get he out another time . power be the whole ballgame . the sedan pull up to a remote look house - a safe house . 12.17.14 final shoot script 63. inside a bedroom with a dishevel unmade bed . the live room be pile with old newspaper . donovan turn to hoffman . it 's so cold in here you can see the man 's breath . donovan where 's you room ? hoffman I all be stay at the Hilton . it 's not far . he hand donovan a slip of paper . hoffman ( cont 'd ) this be a number here in West Berlin . memorize it , and give it back to I . donovan put it in he shirt pocket . hoffman ( cont 'd ) no. I mean now . donovan sigh , look at the paper . hoffman ( cont 'd ) the Soviets keep cut international line , but local call be okay . someone will pick up day and night . donovan hand the piece of paper back . hoffman take out a lighter , burn the paper and drop it into a ashtray . hoffman ( cont 'd ) ( hold up donovan 's passport ) now this docket , attach to you passport , will serve as you ticket into and out of the Eastern Soviet sector . the meeting with Vogel be set for noon tomorrow . he unfold a map on the table . hoffman ( cont 'd ) there be only a few route leave to the East . you take the S - bahn , the station we show you on the way in . ( more ) ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 64 . continued : hoffman ( cont 'd ) you be go to get off at the Friedrichstrasse Station , here , and walk to the Soviet embassy on unter de linden , here . look at the map now -- you should not take it with you . you be look at a map , you be a american , you be a spy , you could well be detain . just avoid interaction with people , generally -- you do not belong , so do not stick out . food be scarce over there and thing have start to fall apart . there be gang ; rule of law be less ... firmly establish over there . and definitely stay away from the Wall . on they side , there 's a line clear of building , along the Wall , they call it the death line . Cross it and you will be shot . donovan be there any outcome here where I be not either detain , or shot ? hoffman do not worry too much about what michener say . donovan no , now I be worried about what you be say . this kid pryor , that the East german 's have . how old be he ? hoffman twenty -five , why ? donovan that 's the same age as dougie . hoffman who ? donovan a associate of mine ... east german police / prison facility katje be sit at a table in a bare room . very still . katje frederic pryor . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 65 . continued : katje be hold a picture of frederic pryor . the official do not even look at it , continue read he newspaper . the follow exchange be in german , subtitle . official I be sorry , there be nothing I can tell you . after a deflate beat , a plea : katje he 's not here , or you can not tell I he 's here ? where be he ? the man shrug . official I can not tell you . prison cell pryor sit at a small table in he cell , eat . inside a train it be a gray day . donovan sit look out . his point - of - view : approach the Wall . it come at we , foreshortening , and then sweep by : a rag line stretch into the background , punctuate by guard tower . on its far side be a swath of clear land . even beyond this death line many of the building of the East be bomb out , the war damage still largely unrepaire . there be not much life in the street . friedrichstrasse station passenger disembark , donovan among the last . a long line stretch up to a checkpoint . only one soldier check papers , though many soldier stand about . donovan look at he watch . tense . he think , decide . he step out of the line and march to the front , draw look . approach the checkpoint : the soldier check papers look up at he , surprised . this do not happen . a couple soldier tighten grip on they gun . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 66 . continued : donovan hold out he passport and summon a degree of sternness as , in break german , he try to explain he plight . the soldier search he passport and wallet as he point at he watch urgently . the soldier search he document and slowly all of they begin to relax when they see he 's american . they let he pass . STREET donovan walk . it be snow heavily . he reach a intersection . several youth be gather there -- mangy stray . they eye donovan as they approach , slow . he eye they , not slow . they pass , but several pace on donovan sense something wrong . he turn . one of they , the biggest of the group , speak to he in german . clearly it be a question . they all look at he , await a answer . donovan stare , uncomprehend . the big guy repeat the question . this time impatiently . he grab donovan 's coat by a lapel . examine the material head youth so .... we apologize . if this offend ? donovan realize they be demand he coat . he ask for direction to unter de linden . the head youth point out the direction . donovan shrug out of the coat , cede it . wide look towards the street : donovan be a small figure . he wear only he suit . he 's freezing . he run . New angle : he stand before a impose building , in good repair : the embassy . he head for its door . 12.17.14 final shoot script 67 . inside donovan come to a reception desk . donovan do you understand English ? receptionist yes , sir . donovan I be James donovan . I be here to meet a Mr. Vogel . receptionist Mr. Vogel ? donovan he do not work here . I be just suppose to meet he . that 's all I know . office some minute later . the receptionist be show donovan into though a series of magnificent room to a parlor of sort . there be three people in the room : a woman in she fifty , a much young woman , and a older man in a three - piece suit . the older woman be effusively emotional and charge donovan , weepily : woman Mr. donovan ! so we finally meet you ! she hug he , donovan stiffly unresponsive . woman ( cont 'd ) -.. I be helen abel ! how be we husband ? how be Rudolf ? donovan he 's ... good as can be expect -- helen and we will get he back , yes ? this be we daughter , lydia ... donovan how do you do ? ( to the older man ) and you be Mr. Vogel ? ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 68 . continued : the man be momentarily throw . he recover , laugh : man no no no no . not Vogel , no . I be cousin drews . he vigorously shake donovan 's hand . helen this be Rudolf 's beloved cousin drews . donovan yes . cousin drews . drew I be cousin drews . donovan cousin drews , yes . helen I be helen abel ! a awkward pause ... helen ( cont 'd ) when will you see he ? she pull he down to a small sofa . helen ( cont 'd ) when will you government release he ? donovan I be sorry , I be a little ... lose here . I be suppose to meet a Mr. Vogel . lydia and drew yes , Mr. Vogel be we lawyer . donovan yes , and I think we be suppose to negotiate the exchange . helen to bring Rudolf here . donovan well yes ... yes , to bring he here , but it do not happen unilaterally . ( more ) ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script continued : ( 2 ) donovan ( cont 'd ) do you understand ? it have to be a exchange ... helen burst into tear . 69 . lydia put a arm around she to comfort she . cousin drews kneel in front of the sobbing woman , comforting she as well . donovan dubiously watch this show . a door click open -- not the one donovan enter by but one set into a panel of the wall near the mirror behind the desk . a man enter . man Mr. donovan . donovan rise , extend a hand . donovan Mr. Vogel ? shake hand , he manner dry , urbane : schischkin no no , no . my name be schischkin , Ivan schischkin . I be second secretary of the Soviet embassy . it would not be appropriate for Mr. Vogel to join we ; he be a german national . donovan so you be ... here to ... schischkin to facilitate this meeting . ( to the group on the couch ) perhaps Mrs. abel would like to compose herself privately ? and let Mr. donovan and myself to talk ? the group take the cue and leave by the main door , face suddenly stern . now the room be quiet . a beat . donovan so , I be confuse ... schischkin yes . ( continued ) continued : 12.17.14 final shoot script 70 . ( 3 ) donovan I do not care who I talk to if it 's about a exchange of ... personnel . be you the person to talk to ? schischkin yes yes -- of course we should talk . please , have a seat . sit down . they sit opposite one another at a small table . schischkin ( cont ’d ) so , how do you arrive in the Eastern sector ? donovan the train . the s- bahn . schischkin you be alone ? donovan yup . schischkin and you be credential -- donovan you must know about I , sir . I 'ma private citizen , a lawyer in Brooklyn -- in the United States -- and I have take some time out of a busy schedule to help my client , Rudolf abel . I be authorize to arrange a exchange of abel for Francis Gary power -- this be a full pardon of abel ( hand a paper across ) that will be sign when the exchange actually take place . that 's the only reason I be here . I hope and expect to make this arrangement quickly -- abel for Francis Gary power ( a measure beat ) and -- frederic pryor . schischkin we do not have pryor . donovan no ? you do not ? ( continued ) continued : 12.17.14 final shoot script 71 . ( 4 ) schischkin I have hear of pryor . but he be hold by german Democratic Republic , not by the Union of Soviet Socialist republic . schischkin hand he back the pardon . donovan well , I x11 tell you the first problem , the name of you country be too long . schischkin smile . donovan 's schischkin if we release power it be only to promote good will between we country . so it can not be a exchange . perhaps you could release abel as a token of good will to we friend in Germany , and then some month later we would release power , there 's a idea . donovan no , that will not work for we at all , you see we need this to be a exchange . you can call it what you want , but a exchange it must be . we can have abel within forty - eight hour . we need power at the same time we give you abel . schischkin well this be -- can we call this '' the impatient plan '' ? donovan call it whatever you want . cold 's get worse . he blow he nose . schischkin I can relay you impatient plan to Moscow , see what they say . but they will wonder , why so impatient ? donovan because I have a cold , I do not live in Berlin , and I want to get home . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 72 . continued : ( 5 ) schischkin they will think , well , the Americans must have get all the information that abel have to give . and now they be now impatient to trade he , hope to get in return this man power who perhaps have not yet give up the information that he have to give . this be not a equitable trade , sir . donovan but you be say , if power have give up everything he know , then Moscow would trade ? why would not they ? as for abel , if he die in a american prison , the next Russian operative who get catch might think twice about keep he mouth shut ... ( and now he try something new ) and , you never know , abel might want to see the sky again and start to trade Russian secret for very small american favor . schischkin how can we know this . we little man , we just do we job . donovan like Lt. power . he 's just a pilot . schischkin he be make photograph from seventy thousand foot when he be shot from the sky . people in my country consider this a act of war . donovan we have to get off this merry go round , sir . the next mistake we country make could be the last one . we need to have the conversation we government can not . schischkin take a moment to think . donovan watch he and wait . schischkin I will ask Moscow . who know what they will say ? a lot of people , Mr. donovan , do not want this exchange to ever take place . ( continued ) continued : he rise . 12.17.14 final shoot script 73 . ( 6 ) as do donovan . schischkin ( cont ’d ) can you come back tomorrow and discuss they answer ? power for abel . donovan and frederic pryor . schischkin ( patient ) as I say , pryor be in the hand of the organ of state security of the german Democratic Republic . donovan I be confident you can make arrangement . schischkin I be merely a secretary in the embassy of a foreign power . donovan okay . schischkin you ’1ll have to see Mr. Vogel . I / x11 give you he address . donovan look at he for a beat . donovan ...- there actually be a Mr. Vogel ? schischkin why would you imagine otherwise ? it 's a short cab ride . ( write ) and please , Mr. donovan , wear a overcoat in this weather . donovan I have mine steal from I . schischkin what do you expect ? ( hand he the address ) it be from sak fifth Avenue . be not it ? on donovan , as this sink in . 12.17.14 final shoot script 74 . build -- inner office a secretary show donovan in . a man better-dressed than he office would lead you to expect , be pour two scotch : wolfgang Vogel . vogel Mr. donovan ! donovan Mr. Vogel . vogel please come in ! vogel ( cont 'd ) sorry about the embassy , the Soviets decide not to host we , very irritate . donovan I be still try to grasp each party 's ... vogel status ? donovan yes . and interest , in the proceedings . vogel yes , a new world , all very disorient be not it . he hand donovan one of the tumbler , and they both drink . vogel ( cont 'd ) let I tell you what I have to offer . I ama good friend -- friend , no , he be older -- protégé -- of the Attorney General of the german Democratic Republic . sit down please . they sit across from each other at Vogel 's desk . vogel ( cont 'd ) this unfortunate frederic pryor , well , he be in the wrong place at the wrong time . but every accident , properly view , be a opportunity , be not it Mr. donovan ? ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 75 . continued : donovan well -- vogel you country refuse to recognize the german Democratic Republic . they prefer to make up storey -- that the gdr do not exist , for instance . donovan signal that he glass be empty . vogel ( cont 'd ) sorry . he rise to refill it . vogel ( cont 'd ) as a mean of force you government 's recognition of this real place , sir , in which you find yourself -- the gdr . the Attorney General be happy to negotiate with you , as a representative of you government , for Mr. pryor 's return . donovan Mr. Vogel , I be not here as a representative of my government . Silent beat . vogel ( sadly ) all right . I think that 's childish , Mr. donovan . donovan shrug . donovan well , I have no official status . vogel ... Fine , you do not represent the USA , I do not represent the gdr . my client be lydia abel , Rudolf 's wife , and I have also -- donovan lydia be the daughter . helen be the wife . a beat , Vogel resentful at have he think derail . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 76 . continued : ( 2 ) vogel well . I -- be prepare to offer frederic pryor 's exchange , for rudolph abel 's . donovan stand , face off with he . donovan well let 's be clear . we will produce Rudolf abel . at the same time , you will produce , the student pryor . at the same time . vogel absolutely . Vogel take a photograph from a file on he desk top . the photo be of a incarcerate pryor , look very young and very scared . he hand it to donovan . vogel ( cont 'd ) the exchange on offer be a Russian at the end of he life , for a american student at the start of he . donovan stare at the photo of the innocent young man . safe house hoffman stride toward donovan , who be wrap in a blanket for warmth , and set down a cup of tea for he and a bottle of wine . michener and pinker read newspaper in the background . hoffman '' schischkin '' ? he 's not a embassy secretary . Ivan schischkin be the kgb 's chief in western Europe . donovan well -- okay . whatever he be . he 's relaying the proposal to Moscow and they 'il decide -- could I borrow you coat ? I lose mine . hoffman stare at he , throw by the veer off -course . hoffman how do you lose you coat ? donovan you know . spy stuff . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 77 . continued : hoffman gaze at he , deadpan . finally : hoffman I ’1ll get you another coat . donovan good. good . so -- who be this Vogel ? hoffman him we do not know . he might be what you say he be , friend of the Attorney General . just some guy the gdr tapped to handle this . sound like the East Germans be fight for a place at we table . the gdr get abel back for the Russians , win they respect , and capture the headline for they cause . which of course put East Germany on the map . but we do not care about they map . stick with the Russians . stick with the Russians . it 's power for abel . donovan so , do all this mean it might actually -- happen ? hoffman that 's what you seem to be tell I . we will put abel on a plane , he will be here Friday . so if schischkin get the okay , all that 's leave be the mechanic of the trade , how we swap we guy for they guy . donovan we guy . two guy . power and pryor . hoffman no ! do not go bleed heart on I ! power be the whole ballgame . forget this ivy League boy , who obviously think it be a good idea to study Soviet economics in Berlin in the middle of the cold War . power be who we need . donovan you do not even like power . everybody hate power . ( more ) ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 78 . continued : ( 2 ) donovan ( cont 'd ) he do not kill himself , he let the commy parade he on television , he 's the most hate man in America . after Rudolf abel , maybe . and I . a overhead light burst on prison cell Gary power , fitfully sleep . two guard reach in to haul he up . power no , no ... hallway Gary power be march down a hall . gary power be push down onto a seat in a dark interrogation room . he blink blearily as a bright overhead light ignites . power I need to sleep . I need to sleep . man I tell you : you can sleep once we talk . but we need to talk . you must focus on I . you government do not care about you . you know that . any of you . you know that twelve U - 2 pilot incur brain damage . they be vegetable . because of altitude , insufficient oxygen . but they keep you fly , Gary . you and you friend . they give you this , do not they ? ( hold out the silver dollar ) a scratcher , yes , potassium cyanide ? ( pop open the coin ) do that look like they care about you ? hallway Gary power be march back to he cell . 12.17.14 final shoot script 79 . gary power 's cell Gary power be escort to he bed , where he flop down , instantly close he eye . the overhead light go out . the cell door slam close . a time jump ... now the overhead light glare on . Gary power 's door be flung open . two man pull he to he foot and drag the still sleep power out into the hallway . hallway power march down the long hall . interrogation room power in the chair . his eye flutter between wake and sleep . a bucket of cold water pour over he head . four man interrogate he . man 1 what be the construction of the destructor unit ? by what mean be this unit operate ? man 2 with what explosive be the unit charge ? and what destruction be it capable of ? power I do not know . the pilot be never show any of the equipment . man 3 how wide - far can the radar map a area during a overflight ? power I do not know ! I do not know ! man 1 be you make the overflight on April 9th , over the industrial area and the bomber base . power I be not . this be my first overflight . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 80 . continued : man 4 I need to know about engine out - to - glide ratio - - how the plane get so high . we know it reach altitude of 70000 foot . Gary , we know this . I need to know where the plane have fly . where they have fly , Gary . and we must have this talk now . now . and then , you can sleep a little . hallway power lock back into he cell . prison cell abel sleep . a hand enter to shake he awake . voice Sir ... abel stir , look up . a civilian , not a guard , stand over he . this be avalon . two other civilian linger at the door . man Sir , could you come with I please ? we need to move , could you come with I ? abel groggily sit up , swing he leg out . abel ..- what time be it ? man it 's late . but we need to talk , and then get on a plane . embassy meeting room donovan sit before schischkin . schischkin so , I have receive a favorable decision from Moscow on you proposal that we help we friend in the german Democratic Republic , by exchange Mr. power for Mr. abel . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 81 . continued : donovan that 's swell ! schischkin May I suggest the glienicke Bridge as a place for the swap . donovan why not checkpoint Charlie ? schischkin well , we be not look for publicity ! glienicke Bridge be very quiet . especially early morning . donovan glienicke Bridge , I nil run that by we side . we can have abel here on Friday , so -- Saturday morning ? schischkin always impatient , yes ? donovan yeah , I have gotta get back home and get into bed . so , Saturday morning ? schischkin 5:30 ? donovan all right . we be do here . this be a number ( write ) ... in case anything should come up ... someone will answer , at any hour . schischkin ( take the paper ) all right . I do not expect to use it . shall we toast the arrangement ? donovan why not . schischkin head for a sideboard , hold up a bottle . schischkin armenian brandy . good bracer for you cold . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 82 . continued : ( 2 ) donovan thank you . would you mind -- it 's not part of we business but I have like to ask a couple of question ? you do not have to answer . schischkin I shall answer what I know . schischkin return with the drink . donovan I like this guy . you guy . what happen to you guy ... when he get home ? schischkin well . we have to make a determination whether we guy be now ... you guy . donovan as I say to you before , he 's act very honorably . he 's still you guy , believe I . schischkin of course : you would say this if it be true , and if it be not true . donovan yeah . I guess it have come down to that ... forgive I for push , but ... be he in any danger ? if the determination be make ... schischkin well , goodness . as thing be now , everyone be in danger . cheer . he raise he glass . donovan toast he in Russian . the toast be interrupt by a knock . a secretary put he head in . secretary a message for mister donovan ... vogel 's office the familiar squalid counterpoint to schischkin 's Louis xiv swank . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 83 . continued : dapper Vogel in a new change , as incongruously fine in this office as be he last one . but he manner be different , not at all the happy fixer of yesterday . his tone be cold as donovan , dabbing at he nose , be show in . vogel there will be no exchange on glienicke Bridge . Vogel rise and reach for some file he put into he briefcase . donovan Excuse I , sir . vogel there will be no exchange . not for frederic pryor . donovan Mr. Vogel . I think yesterday -- we agree -- vogel we agree on a exchange : abel for pryor . now I learn you be a rug merchant sell the same rug to two customer . abel for pryor , you sell to we . abel for power , you sell to the Soviets . Vogel 's secretary help he on with he overcoat and scarf . donovan .-. I be not sure I understand the problem . if the arrangement satisfy two party , or three , or four , what difference -- vogel the arrangement do not satisfy this party . he exit into the corridor and donovan follow . donovan now Mr. Vogel , please -- vogel obviously you do not know who you be deal with . ( more ) ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script continued : ( 2 ) vogel ( cont 'd ) here be the interest of the german Democratic Republic : to deal with , and to be see to be deal with , another sovereign power , the United States . a equal power . instead you treat we as stooge for the Union of Soviet Socialist republic . donovan can we just call they '' the Russians '' -- it will save time . vogel I have a appointment sir . I think it be you who be waste time . he head down the stair ; donovan follow . donovan tell I if I be describe this wrong . you have a kid , a university student , somebody you know be not a spy , and no threat to you . in exchange for this person , worthless to you , you play a equal part in a exchange with two other power , the Americans and the Russians . outside the two man emerge from the building . donovan it 's one transaction , between we and the two of you . we be not try to do two different thing here . it 's one thing . one one one . and it 's hard for I to see how the Republic of East german Democrats be be slighted . vogel you arrange with the Soviets without consulting I . be this a negotiation -- or a conspiracy ? donovan for it to be a conspiracy , there would have to be some harm to you , sir . there 's just benefit here . we have agree interest -- 84 . Vogel be climb into a fancy sport car park at the curb . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script continued : vogel no . you decide they agree . donovan where 's be you appointment , sir ? vogel in the West . donovan good . donovan open the passenger door and climb inside . donovan sit in ; the car take off with a roar : a lot of power , a lot of speed . vogel raise he voice over the engine : vogel look around you . 85 . the car be racing through a desolate cityscape . donovan do look around ; take it in . vogel ( cont 'd ) how do the Eastern sector compare to the West ? ( no answer ) we Russian friend have decide that we should not rebuild we capital city . we live in this ruin . make by we Russian friend . go ahead , make you deal with this Russians , but we will not be part of it . donovan there be no deal without pryor . we be not leave he here . the car round a corner at speed . vogel be that you position , or you government 's ? donovan I be here . I be talk to you . vogel but you be not a representative of the government . you do not know who you be . neither do we . you should be careful . this be not Brooklyn , Mr. donovan . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 86 . continued : the speedometer , the needle at 120 kph donovan Sir : you must know that in the respect that matter , I represent my government . you know who I be . vogel do I ? donovan watch vogel slide into top gear , gutting the engine into top gear , gutting the engine as it speed along . a siren . vogel 's gaze switch to the rear view mirror . he smile . vogel uh-oh . donovan look behind . a police detail come up on they tail . Vogel downshift , lift he foot off the gas . Vogel pull over . donovan be suddenly nervous as they skid to a stop . the police sedan pull up behind they . vogel ( cont 'd ) do you have the proper papers ? oh , no of course you do not . it do not matter . a expensive american lawyer like you can talk you way out of anything . can not you . Vogel get out of the car . he speak to the cop in german / nod toward donovan , say he 's a american . the cop treat Vogel deferentially -- but not donovan . police officer ( sharpy , in german , to donovan as he open the passenger door . ) you , get out now . donovan climb out of the car , hand over he passport . police officer ( cont 'd ) ( in german ) passport . donovan hesitates , he look at Vogel . the checkpoint guard check donovan 's passport , shout something in german to another guard , and then to donovan in English . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 87 . continued : guard go with he . donovan why ? guard passport . Problem . donovan what ? what 's wrong with it ? what problem ? the other guard have step in , hand on he gun . guard go with he . as Vogel be lead away : vogel and remember . we control the fate of frederic pryor . cell -- east germany pryor be awake . pace . his light be off as he can see a armed guard position on the grate above . pryor be utterly terrify . cell -- russia power , eye open , alone in he cell and stare at the paper and pencil on the table in front of he . cargo plane interior avalon lead abel to a seat . abel be hold a cardboard tube . indeterminate time later holding room a hold room door be open . donovan rise from the uncomfortable bench he 's be on . s-bahn donovan asleep in a train seat . he open he eye . his cold be worse . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 88 . continued : the train chug along . a bleary look to he window . point-of-view : light by the beginning of day , the Wall be come at we , foreshortening , opposite - way from when we see it on donovan 's first trip in . as it sweep by there be movement and a shout go up . donovan stand , gaze out the window in horror . four figure at the wall . they be riddled with gunfire , two dangle and drop to the eastern side , the other two drop dead to the western side . Inside the train the passenger react in horror and donovan collapse back into he seat , devastate . hilton donovan , haggard , in the restaurant , look at a menu . a waitress approach . donovan I will start with some coffee , please . and then I 'il have the Hilton combo , and the american Breakfast . and coffee . waitress both breakfast ? donovan ( hand menu back ) yeah . yeah . waitress one first , or ... donovan both first . both , whenever they be ready . and coffee . the waitress move off . hoffman approach , sit . hoffman you should not be here . donovan well sometimes in Germany you just want a big american breakfast . michener and pinker cross and take seat at a nearby table . ( continued ) continued : 12.17.14 final shoot script 89 . hoffman what happen ? where be you last night ? donovan Mr. Vogel arrange for I to spend some time in the East . hoffman Jesus . donovan not much worse than what you get for I here in the west . so the Russians be fine with the exchange , but Vogel now say the East Germans will not do it . we be not gonna get pryor . hoffman stare at he . hoffman great . good . so the Soviets be set . we get power . we get power . well do . he give a thumb up to michener and pinker , sit at a table nearby . donovan no , the East Germans will not do it . we will not get pryor . and look , that kid matter , every person matter . hoffman sure , that 's why we try . abel 's on he way , so we be all set for tomorrow morning . donovan wait a minute -- hoffman make thing simple . donovan but we be not get the kid . hoffman yeah , I understand . we be set . we can ignore the message we get this morning . ( continued ) continued : he leave . 12.17.14 final shoot script 90 . ( 2 ) donovan what message ? hoffman from from the East Germans . they call the number I give you , say they want to speak to you today . donovan Vogel call ? hoffman no. Office of harald ott. East german attorney general . donovan wanting what -- what do he want ? hoffman to talk to you , but -- it 's okay , I can not ask you to go back there . listen , you seem to be persona non grata to some element . we will not push we luck . donovan so he want to see I . what time ? hoffman no no no , now listen , you do not need to go -- in fact , you should not go . in fact you can not go . we be set with the Soviets , we do not want to screw it up . donovan ( rise ) I be not go to screw it up . hoffman you be not go , do not be a pain in the ass . donovan oh , I order . enjoy you big american breakfast . several waitress deposit mountain of food before a abash hoffman . 12.17.14 final shoot script gl . conference room architecturally grand in a beaux - art manner but crack and peel . Furnishings sparse and poor . a heavy middle - age man shake donovan 's hand . a male secretary to one side sit take note as the ott and donovan take they seat at ott 's desk .. ort I think it should be negotiate at the high level . as a courtesy to you . donovan well I thank you sir . ort I do not know how thing become so confuse . donovan well ... I guess sometimes they just do . female server clear a large conference table of dish . ort for sake of clarity , I say we be fully prepare to exchange the so - call student pryor for Rudolf abel . I understand from Mr. Vogel that pryor be very important to you . donovan yes sir . but -- ort we will do a memorandum to that effect . donovan a memorandum . ort ( generous ) certainly . we commit to a bilateral exchange -- donovan yes , sure , I be not sure what you mean , but -- my country also insist on Francis Gary power . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 92 . continued : ort ( rise and pound on the table ) no !! one of the woman drop she dishware , apologize . ott ( cont 'd ) -- this be how thing become confuse . power -- what use be he , sir ? you want he back for punitive reason ? what 's do be do , he have divulge what he will divulge , as no doubt abel have also . we be offer instead someone who you insist be innocent . and this be right . this be who you should retrieve . the future ! look to the future . a phone among a bank of phone ring . ott pick up a receiver . ott ( cont 'd ) ott ! oops , wrong phone . he pick up another . ott ( cont 'd ) ott . he speak in german for a while , then , to donovan : ott ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . if you could give I a moment , sir . hallway Big echoing public space . donovan be seat on a hard bench . bicycle messenger whiz by in both direction . the secretary 's footstep echo as he cross to donovan . secretary I be very sorry sir . the Attorney General regret that he have to leave on urgent business . donovan ..- he -- leave ? ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 93. continued : secretary yes , many apology . donovan I have be wait for over a hour to -- secretary very sorry , sir . he turn and walk away , echoing footstep , donovan stare . suddenly donovan project : donovan Young man ! the young man stop , look back . donovan ( cont 'd ) ..- c’mere ! hesitation . donovan ( cont 'd ) - it 's all right , c’mere . the secretary cross back . donovan ( cont 'd ) take a seat . he tap the bench next to himself . donovan ( cont 'd ) oh c’mon , c’mon , sit down . somewhat bewilder , the young man comply . donovan be friendly : donovan ( cont 'd ) - you like you job here ? secretary ( genuine ) it 's a very good job , sir . donovan must be . must be interesting . secretary yes sir . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 94 . continued : ( 2 ) donovan and important too . and you English be ... good . secretary yes , I hesitate to say excellent , but it be excellent , sir . donovan good. good. good . see , I just lose my negotiate partner and I need someone to talk to . you seem like a reasonable young man -- can I talk to you ? the secretary be lose . his look to donovan be open , genuine , and uncomprehend . donovan help he : donovan ( cont 'd ) . -- it 's all right , I just ... i... 1 need you to give a message to you boss . but it have to be very very very clear . you understand ? secretary yes sir . but perhaps you should wait until he -- donovan no , no , the thing be , I have this cold , I want to get back home , get into bed . ( blow he nose ) can you give the message ? secretary certainly . donovan this be the message . there be no deal for abel unless we get power and pryor . understand ? secretary yes sir . donovan it be arrange for tomorrow morning . it will not happen unless we get two man . that two man . two two two . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 95 . continued : ( 3 ) the secretary be look into donovan 's eye in order to conscientiously remember every word . secretary yes sir . donovan if there be no deal , you boss must tell the Soviets . he have to tell the Soviets that they be not get Rudolf abel . secretary yes sir . donovan rise . donovan and tell he this : so far abel have be a good soldier . but he think he 's go home . if we have to tell he he 's not go home , the Soviets do not want he , that he 's never go home -- I imagine he behavior might change . and who will be hold responsible for that . ( he chuckle ) that 's a long message ! ya get it all ? secretary yes sir . get it ! donovan good . you be a good man . ( step away ; turn back with one last think ) oh -- and also tell he , no deal unless they let we know by the end of business today . he have the number . if the exchange be not gonna happen , no reason for everyone to get up first thing in the morning . secretary no sir . that would be pointless . busy STREET in berlin -- night donovan be walk with purpose , pull change from he pocket . hoffman be just try to keep up with he . hoffman you be kid I . you be kid I . you be kid I . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 96 . continued : donovan well . not really . need some change ! hoffman ( pull into he pocket for change ) that 's exactly what you be not suppose to do . donovan my instruction be to feel out the situation . hoffman ( explosive ) you instruction be to get power ! not pryor !! that be not the original deal ! you foule it all up . donovan how do you know ? I feel pretty good about it . hoffman hand he the change , almost too angry to speak -- hoffman you fuck it all up ! donovan oh do not worry , I think it 'il be fine . donovan reach a phone booth , enter . hoffman how do you know ?! you do not know that ! hoffman be still stare at he , anger fade as he digest the implication . he look around at where they be and how public it be . donovan drop in the coin , in break german place a long distance call to New York . donovan ( to hoffman ) look , the whole thing be just to feel I out , will I swap one - for - one . and which one . so I say no , two - for one , so they know where we stand , so it 's 1ll be fine . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 97 . continued : ( 2 ) hoffman what if they think about it , say forget it , you keep we guy , we will keep you guy ? donovan well then , I have fuck it all up . ( suddenly brighten ) hey , honey , it 's I !! yeah ! the fishing 's be great ! ( throw a evil look to hoffman as he shut the door on he ) I be in London . just for one more meeting , then I be on my way home . yeah , yeah I remember that marmalade . it 's that shop right by regent Park . all right , I will if I have the time . hey , could I say hi to Roger ? can I say hello to the girl ? be anyone not busy ? have they even notice I be not around ? safe house hoffman be sit quietly , wait . so be donovan . they be freezing -- breath visible in the indoor air , and now hoffman have a cold . a telephone sit in the center of the room on a small table , under a ratty lamp . the the phone ring ! both go for it , as do michener and pinker , enter from another room . hoffman pick it up . donovan turn and watch hoffman 's face . hoffman look at donovan . donovan look at hoffman . both unreadable . slowly , hoffman hang up the phone . unreadable . finally hoffman crack the smallest smile . hoffman we be on . two for one . donovan hot dog ! let 's have a drink . he reach for a bottle on a table . hoffman one wrinkle . donovan what 's that ? ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 98 . continued : hoffman they will not release pryor with power . not at the bridge . they will release he at the same time -- when the Russians give we power on the bridge , they will release pryor over at checkpoint Charlie . donovan ... what do that mean ? hoffman I think it mean , '' we wanna have the last word . '' donovan .-- but they will do it . a shrug . hoffman you tell I . you feel ‘em out . morning title : the glienicke bridge the snow - cover glienicke Bridge . mid- February : it 's just before dawn . Morning fog . gray-blue light . hoffman and donovan be at the foot of the bridge , look east . the other side : some guard presence , but no officialdom , no prisoner . some pace from donovan . donovan where 's we guy ? where 's they guy - - they be late . hoffman ( look through binocular ) nobody 's late . we be early . donovan May I ? he take the binoc . his look catch on something : two man in a tower , hold rifle . sniper . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 99 . continued : donovan squint , look . donovan ( cont 'd ) hoffman . hoffman yeah . donovan I think they have ... sniper . hoffman I be sure they do . donovan why be they sure they do ? hoffman because we have sniper . hoffman swing to the building on we side of the bridge , revealing we sniper . for the first time donovan feel the extent to which he be out of he depth , not in control . engine noise nearby : two car approach , from we side . they pull up . avalon emerge , walk to opposite side passenger door and open it . avalon step out , sir . Rudolf abel step out , take in the environment , see donovan on the bridge , wait for he . his clothes be too big on he as donovan 's coat be too big on donovan . abel , carry he suitcase , walk to Jim , hand extend . abel dear Jim . how be you . donovan clasp he hand , shake it . donovan happy to see you . abel have you arrange all this for I ? donovan well ... let 's see what this be before I take credit for it . donovan give a look to michener on a field telephone . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 100 . continued : ( 2 ) donovan ( cont 'd ) anyone word from pryor at checkpoint Charlie ? michener speak into he phone . checkpoint charlie as at glienicke Bridge , there be a small military presence . the checkpoint itself be quiet : no traffic . pinker be summon to a phone . pinker nothin cookin yet . glienicke bridge michener on the field telephone give donovan a headshake . donovan nod acknowledgment . a plainclothes official walk up with a young man in uniform . verona Excuse I , sir . this be Lieutenant Joe Murphy . United States Air Force . here to identify power . donovan Lieutenant Murphy . murphy sir. abel take donovan aside . abel there may be a '' glitch . '' I be a young man when I leave ; who will they find to identify I ? donovan I hope it 's not you East german family . I do not think they could identify each other . a whistle . a sniper gesture to the other side . engine noise from the other side of the bridge . two car arrive . small figure get out . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 101 . continued : we sniper raise rifle . Long lens find the emerge people , focus on they . schischkin be among they . a young man -- power -- also among they . hoffman peer through the binocular . hoffman look like we party . a beat as the small figure on the opposite side sort themselves out , survey we side . the two party gaze at each other . schischkin and another man start walk power toward the middle of the bridge . hoffman ( cont 'd ) well . let 's go . you can stay here , donovan . donovan not likely . ( to guard ) open the gate . he accompany abel , hoffman , and Murphy toward the middle of the bridge . Silent beat walk . then , to abel : donovan ( cont 'd ) ... what do you think 's 11 happen ? when you get home ? abel I think ... i’1l have a vodka . Silent walk . donovan but will they -- Rudolf -- be there not the possibility -- abel that my people be go to shoot I ? donovan well ...yes . you be not worried ? abel be ever placid : ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 102 . continued : ( 2 ) abel would it help ? Murphy be apprehensive as they approach the midpoint , reacting to the quiet . the man stop , just short of midway . a wait beat . abel talk to donovan to he side , but he look remain forward , direct at the man approach from the other side of the bridge . abel ( cont 'd ) to answer you question , my friend : I act honorably . I think they know that . but sometimes people think wrong . people be people . we will see how they greet I . donovan what can I look for ? abel if I be embrace . or just show the backseat . quiet . crisp footstep approach . the other party stop , just short of midway . total quiet . floodlight burst on , illuminate both side . schischkin step forward , project a few word in Russian toward abel . abel set down he suitcase and take off he hat and glass , to be more easily identify . he and schischien exchage word in german . schischkin motion for power to step forward . donovan take off the hat . power remove he hat . Murphy be look at the young man many yard away . he call out : murphy hey , power . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 103 . continued : ( 3 ) power hey , Murph . utterly superfluously , to hoffman : murphy yeah , that 's power . schischkin project : schischkin all right , Mr. donovan . we go now ! donovan hang on . he look back to they side of the bridge : michener on the field telephone . feeling they look on he the man look up , talk into he phone . checkpoint charlie pinker with he phone . pinker believe I , I ’1ll tell you . there 's no one here . glienicke bridge another headshake from he contact . abel be look inquisitively at donovan : what be this ? donovan they be release another man at checkpoint Charlie . just wait for confirmation that he 's there . schischkin now -- as per plan , if you please ! hoffman okay , let 's go . pryor will show up , or he will not ; let 's go . donovan they be wait to see if we will do it without he . we just have to stand here , show they we will not . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 104 . continued : hoffman I do not give a shit what they want , we have we objective . go ahead abel . go ahead sir , you can go . schischkin ( project ) if it be not to plan , we go home . we exchange now or we go home . abel do not understand the back - and -forth . to donovan : abel we be wait for another man ? donovan yup . abel you want he too ? donovan I want he . hoffman do not matter what he want , sir , I be in charge and you be free to go . please go . walk across . abel be look at donovan . abel stoikey muzhik . a beat ; he decide . abel ( cont 'd ) I can wait . hoffman stalk off . checkpoint charlie the contact alert pinker in the guard house . pinker pick up the phone as a car approach . pinker it 's something ... not sure yet . glienicke bridge the contact nod , acknowledge . call out to man on the bridge . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 105 . continued : contact hang on ! checkpoint charlie the sport car come to a stop . Vogel and pryor emerge . Vogel escort the young man to pinker . glienicke bridge the contact give a thumb up to the man out on the bridge . contact ( cont ’d ) we get he ! abel I send you a gift , Jim . it 's a painting . I hope it have some meaning to you . donovan I be sorry I do not think to get you a gift . abel this be you gift . this be you gift . abel start across the bridge . as do power , from he side . he and power pass each other at the center of the bridge . they do not look at each other . power be arrive . he and Murphy embrace . he and Murphy embrace . hoffman be urgent . hoffman go. go. go. the man move off , all but donovan who stand face the other side . he and abel regard each other from across the gap , as schischien help - or steer ? - abel into the back seat of he car . not friendly , not unfriendly . the floodlight go out as donovan stand there , watch the car with abel pull away . airport two sedan pull up outside a cargo plane . the Agents , donovan and abel get out . 12.17.14 final shoot script 106 . cargo plane interior power and donovan be seat next to each other . engine be revving . plainclothes avalon approach . avalon Mr. donovan . Colonel abel ask I to give this to you . he hand he a cardboard tube . power be look around , bewilder and apprehensive . to pinker as he pass : power pardon I , sir ? pinker keep on walk . hoffman 's behind he , and power snag he . power ( cont 'd ) be you in charge of this thing , sir ? hoffman ( curt ) yeah . power well I gotta thank you , I gotta thank somebody -- hoffman do not acknowledge . he brushes past he to take a seat further back . power , hang out to dry , watch he go . with a hurt look he turn to donovan , only because donovan be next to he . power ( cont 'd ) I give they nothing . I give they nothing . donovan it do not matter . it do not matter what people think . you know what you do . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 107 . continued : donovan open the cardboard tube , withdraw a roll - up painting . a excellent portrait of himself . donovan home donovan stand outside he house , gaze at it , suitcase by he side . he remove he hat , lift he suitcase and approach the front step as a beam Mary emerge onto th veranda . mary well . welcome home ! donovan climb the step and set down he suitcase and hat . donovan what a trip . they kiss and embrace , he hold she a little closer and longer than ordinary . mary «.. you okay ? donovan yeah . I be fine . mary you get the marmalade ? donovan yes , yup , yup . he retrieve a jar and hand it to she . mary good. ( she inspect it ) Jim ! donovan what . mary this be from arno 's ! on the corner ! donovan well , honey , I be busy -- mary oh for Pete 's sake ... donovan I be sorry , we be so busy . where 's Roger , be he home ? ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 108 . continued : mary he 's home . Carol 's home . Peggy 's home . everyone 's home . Roger 's voice be hear shouting from another room . carol ( 0.s. ) Mom , come quick ! look ! she run into the house . donovan home -- live room Mary arrive at the threshold to watch Roger , Carol , Peggy , and Doug crowded in front of the tv . Mary hold she breath as the President 's press secretary , pierre salinger , address the nation 's media . salinger ( on tv ) Francis Gary power have be release from prison in the Soviet Union , and turn over to american authority early this morning in Berlin . the president have commute the sentence of Rudolf abel . Mr. abel have be deport , and have be release in Berlin . in b.g. donovan enter the house and continue on past the live room . salinger ( on tv ) ( cont 'd ) effort to obtain Mr. power 's release have be underway for some time -- in recent effort , the United States government have have the cooperation and assistance of Mr. James B. donovan , a New York attorney . Mary can not believe what she 's hearing . peggy I think daddy be fishing . for salmon . Mary turn , expect to see donovan behind she , but he 's not there . she move toward the staircase , see he suitcase on the floor . donovan home -- master bedroom Mary come up the stair and enter the room . ( continued ) 12.17.14 final shoot script 109 . continued : donovan be face down on the make bed , fully dress , and finally sound asleep . Mary pick he hat up off the floor and just stand there look at he , she eye fill with tear . train Subway , the next day . donovan riding into work . he sit by the window as he do on the S - bahn but now , finally , look like he 's have a good night 's sleep . passenger on the train be read they newspaper , headline about the spy exchange . one woman - the same woman who once look at he disapprovingly - look below the fold and see a photo of donovan . recognize he sit across from she . she smile . he be uncomfortable , but then he smile too . his look drift to he window . his point- of-view : Brooklyn sweeping by . more benign than be Berlin . his peaceful expression darken as the train pass backyard where a group of kind be climb a fence , drop to the other side ... the camera hold on the train interior , donovan continue to gaze out the window ... title : follow he return to Russia , Rudolf abel be reunite with he wife and daughter . he be never publicly acknowledge by the Soviet Union as a spy . Gary power die in a helicopter crash in 1977 , while work for knbc News . he be posthumously award the CIA director 's Medal and the usaf pow Medal in 2000 and the Silver Star in 2012 . in 1962 , frederic L. pryor receive he Ph.D. in economics from Yale University . he be currently professor emeritus of economics and senior Research scholar at swarthmore College . follow the successful conclusion of the power - abel exchange , donovan be ask by President Kennedy to undertake further negotiation on behalf of the US . in the summer of 1962 he be send to Cuba to discuss with fidel castro term to obtain the release of 1,113 prisoner hold after the Bay of Pigs invasion . when donovan finish negotiation , he have secure the release of 9,703 man , woman and child . fade to black