BRIDGET jones' baby by helen field and Dan mazer and Emma Thompson base on the character and story create by helen field final shoot script 8th January 2016 '' 2016 universal studios . all rights reserved . shoot script . 1 1a 1 aa omitted 1 ext . london . day . 1a sweep aerial shot of London , establish the city in all its glory . ext . southwark bridge . day . 1 aa we swoop down the Thames to find a svelte figure on the bridge hail a taxi . int . church . day 2 shazzer , early forty , and she folk singer husband fergus , scurry down the aisle . the church be pack with people we might recognise . a few literary and tv celebrity amongst they . shazzer spot jude , now a pillar of marry respectability , she husband gile and they tiny baby . they take the seat beside they . omitted 3 int . church . day . 4 BRIDGET jone enter the church . she 's older than when we last see she , forty three to be exact , slim and elegantly dress . she take a deep breath and collect herself . Bridget spot Jude and shazzer and head towards they . shazzer greet she with a big hug . shazzer how be you feel , you ok ? BRIDGET yes , but I still can not believe he 's go . reveal - at the front a portrait of daniel cleaver . another reveal - the congregation consist mainly of ludicrously attractive , glamorous woman , all weep . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) his death seem to have hit the Eastern european teenage modell community particularly hard . jude they find the flight recorder but still no body . shazzer yep , in the Australian outback . and strangely fitting that he die go down in the bush . shoot script . 2 a random guy , JOHN , take he place next to Bridget . a hush descend and the service begin . a dour look Minister assume the pulpit . minister dear friend , we be gather here to celebrate the life of Daniel vivian cleaver . Daniel be a kind and wonderful son , a loving uncle and brother , a fantastic friend ... shazzer ( aside to Bridget ) a selfish but gift lover ? Bridget give a little smile , but then stop in she track . BRIDGET fuck . what the fuck be he do here ? we see MARK darcy enter at the back of the church . a little older , a little greyer , but still just as handsome . as Bridget take this surprise in , she see a attractive woman , camilla take he arm . jude you know what he 's like , want to do the decent thing . shazzer be that he wife ? Bridget nod . jude she 's pretty . BRIDGET I mean , yes , conventionally , I suppose . suddenly darcy look over . Bridget , aware of darcy 's gaze , grab onto random John 's arm . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) sorry , I be just very emotional . darcy look over , she pretend not to see and affectionately brushes the fluff from a bewilder John 's shoulder . darcy faintly but discernibly register this . John try to shake himself free . Bridget struggle to cling on to he arm but John uncouple himself , and Bridget be leave solo . darcy glance over . shoot script . 3 minister I would now like to invite he love one up to share some of they memory of Daniel . shazzer give Bridget a nudge , as if to say go on . Bridget contemplate the idea as a glamorous young woman get up from the front pew . BRIDGET ( whisper to Jude ) you know he could be very sensitive , he could make you feel like you be the only woman in the world . I remember when he take I row on the serpentine and quote keat by heart . '' where be ye go , you Devon maid ? and what have ye there in the basket ? '' Bridget drift off in fond reverie . the glamorous young woman stand in the pulpit . glamorous young woman .-. " ye tight little fairy just fresh from the dairy , will ye give I some cream if I ask it ? '' in the front pew several more young woman look at each other awkwardly , clearly share exactly the same memory . Bridget , shazzer and Jude all laugh , they can not help themselves . the rest of the congregation look at they disapprovingly . Mark and Bridget make fleeting , but definite eye contact , as he catch she mid gorgeous , life - affirm laugh . Bridget then look sadly at the portrait of Daniel at the front . minister would anybody else like to say a few word ? no one else in the congregation stand up . after a nudge from shazzer , Bridget get up . BRIDGET Daniel be a man who touch many of we , here today , include I . there be a small , slightly awkward pause , but she continue unabate . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) right now , if Daniel be here , he would have tell I to ' shut up , Jones 's and he would have be right . all I really need to say be , I miss you , dear Daniel . we all do . thank you . shoot script . 4 4a int . church . day . later . 4a the congregation be leave . at the back of the church Bridget say goodbye to she friend . as she turn , she find herself face to face with Mark darcy and he wife . MARK Bridget . BRIDGET mark. MARK camilla , my wife . Bridget Jones , my ..... a old friend . BRIDGET less old .... more childhood . BRIDGET / camilla hello . hello . awkward pause all round . BRIDGET Nice memorial ..... as memorial go . almost make one look forward to one 's own . camilla just stare at Bridget strangely . MARK right . yes. well. Goodbye . BRIDGET yes . Goodbye . they part in opposite way . at the last moment , Mark look back . CUT to : amy winehouse 's ' my tear dry on there own 's kick in . title : BRIDGET jone 's baby omitted 5 ext . southwark bridge and south london street . day 6 Bridget walk across the familiar bridge . BRIDGET ( v.o. ) here I be Bridget Jones , one day short of 43 . of the two love of my life : one be dead and the other be marry . she walk on ... shoot script . 5 BRIDGET ( v.o. ) still , not to dwell on the negative . many positive to note . be down to ideal weight ! be 685 day without a single cigarette . be hit government target for recommend intake of alcohol . 2 - 3 unit per day . a good look man clock she and take she in as she walk - she smile to herself once he have pass . BRIDGET ( v.o. ) have top job as producer of award win intelligent person news programme . Bridget walk through the now fashionable borough market . she pass the smallest italian restaurant in the world , and wave at gianni , the owner . BRIDGET ( v.o. ) and ... have foot on London 's property ladder in now -fashionable borough market ... 7 ext . / int . BRIDGET 's flat . continuous 7 she trip up over a brand new , unused bicycle in the hallway . look at it guiltily . she enter she sit room just as a fast train bullet past the window , shaking the wall . BRIDGET ( v.o. ) ... cleverly acquire just before the new-improve transport link . and even though I be still single , I have not acquire a cat . then she open a ' funny 's birthday card feature a old lady and a cat . she enter she make - shift office and go to the shelf where she old diary be . she rifle through they to find a photograph of she and Daniel , which be place between the page . she look at it mournfully before she eye settle on the diary entry on the page behind the photo ... '' reason why Mark darcy and I could never work '' follow by a list of reason . 8 int . bedroom . BRIDGET 's flat . night 8 Bridget lie in she bed . on one bedside table be a pile of serious political tome and on the other , some self - help book . '' spinsterhood be the new feminism '' , '' jog yourself happy '' , a 5:2 diet book with a empty kit - kat wrapper on top , and on the floor in a pile of dirty clothes '' the life change power of tidy '' she opt for none of this , and pick up she iPad with a red cover and type . shoot script . 6 BRIDGET ( v.o . ) if today have teach I anything , it 's that life be short , you have get to seize the day , stop make the same mistake , stop look back and ... and not be dissuade by the very simple fact that the future , seem to be something - suddenly the screen go black . Bridget drag a charge and a stray bra tangle in the wire across the floor . plug it in . she then try to get back in bed with the iPad , but realize the lead be just too short to reach . BRIDGET ( v.o. ) ... that happen to everyone else whilst I be still scrabbling around for a iPad charge . she attempt to lean out of she bed and continue to type , but realize it 's too awkward and uncomfortable . BRIDGET ( randomly ) I mean , it 's not like we even have that much in common when it come down to it . she give up and switch off she light . 9 int . BRIDGET 's flat . early next morning . 9 in the near darkness . Bridget 's phone ring loudly . she bolt up out of bed . mum ( 0.s. ) hello darling , it 's mummy . just want to wish you a happy birthday . Bridget fish around for the tv remote control and flick on breakfast tv - a clock on the corner of the tv screen . BRIDGET mum , it 's 6.00 be ! Bridget study she phone curiously . mum ( v.o ) I be do the facetime , una teach I , it 's really marvellous . close - up - Bridget 's phone - there be a extreme close - up of mum 's ear . BRIDGET the point of facetime be that you do not have to hold it to you ear . mum remove it from she ear , the camera swing round to reveal dad sit on the loo , oblivious . shoot script . mum ( 0.s. ) this time forty three year ago I be have a lamb biryani in a attempt to coax you out . twenty - three hour of labour . I be never the same again down there , but I have hardly ever regret it . Bridget half listen . a ad for a internet dating site call qwantify just audible : happy cartoon couple meet and kiss , voice by real couple who have find love on the net . mum ( cont 'd ) it 's a miracle , the gift of childbirth . penny husband - bosworth 's son sell he sperm on the internet . you do not even need a man , Bridget . 10 int . mum 's bedroom . same time . 10 we see there be flyer with mum 's face on they lie on a bedroom table . mum ( cont 'd ) and some people have marvellous life without they . I mean , look at you ! you have get a nice flat , a great career , a nice flat ... BRIDGET ( 0.s ) I be put the phone down now mum . dad emerge from the bathroom . mum ( hold up phone to dad ) say happy birthday to Bridget . dad hurriedly cover he naked torso . dad happy birthday to Bridget . mum I love you darling . do not forget I be count on you to head up my media campaign . BRIDGET mum , it 's the Parish Council election , not the U.S. primary . Bridget hang up . BRIDGET ( v.o . ) at least no one at work know it 's my birthday . shoot script . 8 11 12 ext / int . hard news tv studio . day . 11 Bridget stride into the studio , ready for the day . everyone surprise ! ! Bridget 's face fall as she see she office be fill with people . a PA hold up a card which say ' 43 today 's in huge letter . someone else hold out a toy tombstone that say ' Bridget Jones 1973-2016 '. BRIDGET oh God , oh God . who tell you ? miranda , a gorgeous , thirty - something friend of Bridget 's and presenter of the show , step forward and take a selfie with she . miranda guilty . think it would cheer you up . hashtag ' Bridge 's bday 's . Bridget look horrify as susan the pregnant floor manager bring up a cake emblazon with forty three candle for she to blow out . susan so hot ... so many candle . they start to sing ' happy 43rd birthday to you 's as the floor manager continue to hold the cake up . then mid-so the fire alarm start to go off and then the sprinkler start . richard finch , Bridget 's fifty - something - but-try - to-look - young boss , pop he head through the studio backdrop . richard finch who the fuck set the sprinkler off ? int . hard news . corridor . day . 12 Bridget be stride down the corridor - a woman at the top of she game - West wing style - with two young , deferential assistant josh and LAURA stride alongside , hang on to she every word , take note . BRIDGET josh , I want you to see what Reuters be say about the attack in ramallah . I might need a live link . and Laura , tell Adam I will be in to check the human trafficking vt . josh and LAURA peel off and miranda join she . shoot script . 9 13 miranda so , how will I be change the world today ? BRIDGET . well we main feature will be the exclusive interview with the foreign Secretary about ngochi . as she say '' ngochi '' - she do it with the authentic African click . miranda omg , how do you do that ? n-gochi , n- gochi . she try but fail to do the click . miranda ( cont 'd ) you be so good at that . BRIDGET I know , I have really be practise , '' ngochi '' they go backwards and forward '' ngochi-e '' at each other . int . hard news studio . hair & make up dept . day . 13 Bridget and miranda continue to talk as miranda be primp and preen by a hair and make - up woman , cathy . Cathy try to n’gochi too . they be all at it . cathy oooh , it 's harder than you think . BRIDGET it 's all in the throat . miranda and after '' ngochi '' ... she get it right and high fives with Bridget and Cathy . miranda ( cont 'd ) ... how do we plan to celebrate tonight ? BRIDGET night out with the gang . miranda please say that involve group sex . cathy I know a smash little club for that , just round the back of berwick Street . shoot script . 10 14 15 BRIDGET chance would be a fine thing . I be beginning to think I have pass my sell - by-date . I be like a old packet of custard creams , all mouldy and crush . miranda nonsense . there be name for people like you now Bridge , you be a cougar , a MILF . BRIDGET I be not a MILF , I be not even a mum . I be a spinster , I be a spilf . susan come in . susan Three minute until we be on air . Cathy have jotted down detail . hand they to Bridget . cathy it 's call voyeurz , with a z . tell they Cathy send you . if you go ona Thursday , there 's a chinese buffet . all you can eat ... as it be . int . hard news studio gallery . day . 14 Bridget take prime position at the desk in the gallery in front of all the monitor . she slip on she microphone . int . hard news studio . floor . day 15 miranda take she place on set , slip in she ear-piece . floor manager twenty second to air . hard news title run . miranda continue to talk to Bridget through she microphone . miranda anyway , far too many woman be waste they life have baby in they thirty and forty when they should be get on with they career . floor manager ten , nine , EIGHT , seven , six , five ... miranda suddenly change character - into impressive Emily matlis - type anchorwoman . shoot script . 11 miranda hello , and welcome to hard News . bong - miranda ( cont 'd ) tonight , more attack in ramallah , we go live as the world ask be it time for the UN to intervene ? footage run so they can go on talk . miranda ( cont 'd ) you do not by any chance freeze you egg ? BRIDGET God no , I imagine they be hard boil by now . miranda you know what Bridge , this weekend we need to go out and engage in some serious - bong - back on air . miranda ( cont 'd ) binge drink ; a dangerous scourge on society . be new legislation need ? footage run . 16 int . hard news studio . gallery . night 16 richard finch enter . richard finch Bridget , miranda , I have tell you not to talk between the bong . without look up , they both give he the finger . Richard exit the gallery . bong again . miranda the foreign Secretary will be live in the studio to talk about the loom crisis in muribundi . footage run . miranda ( cont 'd ) or you could always try online dating again . BRIDGET . that dating site be just full of marry man want affair . shoot script . 12 17 miranda no , I have meet all sort of man . the other night I be on tinder and half a hour later I be in a three way with ... bong - back on AIR miranda ( cont 'd ) Prince Andrew ; the Royal special Representative for Trade and investment have write he first child 's book . footage run . two young , hip and serious - look professional glide into the back of the studio ; power - dress alice peabody and she assistant . she watch proceedings sternly . miranda ( cont 'd ) but first , live in the studio I be join by foreign Secretary , George Wilkins , who have just return from war ravage muribundi , where the assassination of bloody dictator , Charles ngochi ... she can not help but look pleased with herself . miranda ( cont 'd ) -.. have result in civil war . Minister , be this a military coup ? GEORGE wilkin the sign be that ngochi 's own general do take he out ina bloody way , yes ... intercut to : int . gallery . day . 17 Bridget 's mobile ring . it read tom . Bridget pick up . BRIDGET . ( hurriedly , whisper ) hey Tom . can not really ... tom how be the service ? Bridget check miranda . she seem to be do fine . BRIDGET . ( to Tom ) well , it 's just sad . I can not believe he 's go actually . miranda hear Bridget in she earpiece . shoot script . 13 18 19 miranda ( to Minister ) well , it 's just sad . I can not believe he 's go actually . GEORGE wilkin ( somewhat bemuse ) I do not think there be a great deal of sadness at he pass , even by he most loyal follower . his persecution of the unbutu people amount to genocide . that 's well document . int . gallery . same time . day BRIDGET ( to Tom ) I know he have he fault , he could be a massive arsehole . but I miss he . we all do . 18 miranda ( to Minister ) I know he have he fault . he could be a massive arsehole , but I miss he . we all do . the minister , clearly confuse , but try to play along . at the back of the set , Alice take note . GEORGE wilkin well , he be a colourful character on the world 's stage , I give you that . but I think the genocide along with he eugenic programme result in the death of over 10,000 of he own people , man , woman and child , put he on the wrong side of .... BRIDGET at least he be never boring . miranda at least he be never boring . Wilkins look at miranda , now totally perplex and speechless . int . gallery . same time . 19 Bridget sign off to Tom and put down the phone . think everything be go well , she now start pay attention to the interview . BRIDGET ( to miranda ) do you think a spirit of miranda ( to Minister ) do you think a spirit of democracy can carry over into democracy can carry over into West Africa now ngochi 's West Africa now ngochi 's dead ? dead ? back on course ! phew . shoot script . 14 GEORGE wilkin now that be a interesting question . finally . Bridget look very pleased . 20 int . hard news studio . gallery . later . 20 Richard and miranda stand in the gallery . richard thank you miranda and Bridget , you could not just behave yourself when the new management team be here ? BRIDGET they be the management team ? I think they be the intern . Richard point to the floor and peabody . richard no , that 's Alice peabody . New brand manager . apparently hard News be too old fashioned , too serious , and she 's the smile assassin send in to sack anyone older than she . BRIDGET everybody 's older than she . I have get can of soup in my cupboard older than she . richard ( to Bridget ) you should watch you back . miranda they will not sack Bridget . she rescue this show , she make it relevant . she make we award win ! and as a result she have no life . because everyone have mercilessly abuse the fact that she be a lonely , single , childless spilf who work all hour . BRIDGET thank you miranda . richard look at they all with they apps and they ironic beard . miranda maybe one of they will give Bridget some sex . richard do Bridget need sex ? shoot script . 15 21 BRIDGET no ! miranda yes . which be why I be take she on the girl 's weekend to beat all girl 's weekend . a rap on the glass door make they all whirl round . it 's Alice peabody . Richard look at the studio floor confuse . alice Bridget , be not it ? Alice look she up and down , slightly witheringly . BRIDGET yes . please to ... alice team meeting tomorrow morning . we can do introduction then . Alice sashays out , Bridget do a pantomime ' scared face 's behind she back as she walk away , Alice turn on she heel and catch Bridget at it . Bridget disguise it as something else , but fail . alice ( cont 'd ) 9 a.m . we should all start a hour earlier from now on . ext . office . night . 21 Bridget leave with miranda . miranda and you be sure you do not want to come out with I and my crew ? BRIDGET thanks , but I can not let the old gang down . they would be disappointed . Bridget switch she phone on after work and a flurry of text come through . miranda head towards the bike rack . she read a text from shazzer : ' happy birthday . sorry Bridge , but can not get a ' sitter tonight . 's Bridget 's phone ping again . she read a text from jude . a vomit emoji , four baby face emojis and a sad face emoji . a third ping . tom : '' where be you ? get you freak on , bitch ? '' BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) thank God for the gay ! shoot script . 16 22 23 int . gym . strobe cycle . night . 22 Bridget enter a strobe - light gym , almost trip over . a large sign read strobe cycle . loud , gay club anthem bang out . tom o.s. okay lady , click in . tom , at the front of the class , on a spin cycle . he 's man the record deck while simultaneously cycle and speak into a head -mic . tom whatever fear , whatever insecurity you be bring in with you today , I want you to take that fear and tell they to fuck the fuck off ! a ador , pump up crowd of lithe young female body furiously pedall . they whoop . '' alright ! '' . Bridget struggle to click she shoe into the pedal . tom ( cont 'd ) this moment be about you , you body , you dream , you potential . the music 's pump up to a crescendo . tom ( cont 'd ) be you ready for this ? be you ready for this ? the woman yell orgasmically . the music swell . tom ( cont 'd ) now . ride , sexy bitch , ride ! and the woman rise from they saddle and pedal like fuck . Tom spray water at they . Bridget look like she might have a seizure . int . gym . night . 23 Tom wave off the last Strobe cyclist . Bridget , exhaust , barely able to breathe . BRIDGET ( wheeze ) it will take I three martinis to recover and you be buy . tom about that . I be so sorry Bridget . I be go to have to blow you out too . Bridget mask she disappointment . shoot script . 17 24 25 tom ( cont 'd ) the thing be ... I do not want to have to tell you this today . eduardo and I be adopt . BRIDGET . adopting what ... a baby ? tom no , a new stance on illegal immigration ! yes , a baby , or a gayby , in fact . BRIDGET oh Tom , this be fantastic news ! she give he the biggest hug . tom I do not want to say anything because we always do we '' we be pointless - empty-husk - — stick - together '' thing . and I love that . but truth be ... if I be be honest , I feel it 's important for I , in myself , to start caring for someone other than I . and well , it look like we have be successful . BRIDGET brilliant . tom we be go to bogota to start the official paperwork and I have get to pack . BRIDGET it 's alright . go! go! Bridget be leave alone on a bicycle . int . BRIDGET 's flat . night . darkness . 24 Bridget , alone , light a candle on a single cupcake . she pour herself a glass of wine and reach for a cigarette in a old packet on top of the cupboard . then think better of it . the radio play , '' all by myself '' . BRIDGET . oh fuck off ! she flick it off . int . ST . pancras station . day . 25 the station concourse be thronging with commuter . shoot script . 18 26 27 BRIDGET ( v.o . ) must not dwell on why the biological clock , though clearly tick , have not compel I yet to colombia , or olly husband bosworth 's sperm , or even into the arm of inappropriate man meet on Internet . always think I would find love of my life and then baby would follow . I may be old of womb , but will remain young at heart . will start to embrace life in manner of thirty - something friend like miranda , who do not seem to care about settling , or baby , or tick clock . we tilt up from a pair of Hunter welly , cut - off denim short , a backpack . miranda make she way across the concourse to meet Bridget . we tilt up from a pair of elegant high -heel , a smart dress and a giant wheelie suitcase . Bridget spot miranda . BRIDGET what the fuck ! omitted 26 ext . music festival . day 27 miranda and Bridget enter the festival . Bridget be wheeling she smart suitcase through the mud with little success . there be poster everywhere advertising band or specific tent and wherever there be a sign it feature a ' sponsored by qwantify 's logo . miranda I do not tell you because I know you would not come . anyway , it 's not camp , it 's ' glamp 's . BRIDGET put a ' gl 's before it do not make it any better . Calling he gladolf Hitler would not suddenly make you forget all the unpleasantness . miranda come on Bridge , it ’1ll be fun . what you need be a good shafting , some good old fashioned , lie-back - and - think -of - England bonk . festival be sexual free-for-alls , it 's like sodom and gomorrah , with tofu . Bridget look at she . shoot script . 19 miranda ( cont 'd ) seriously . it 's be five year . you need to get out of this self - impose purdah you have be in since you split up from '' he whose name shall not be mention . '' BRIDGET rubbish , I barely think about he . miranda prove it . the first man you meet , you have to sleep with . BRIDGET the first man ?! miranda I be not take no for a answer . we have get backstage pass , we will be rub shoulder with rockstar . and we have get yurt . I get you this ... in case of a emergency . miranda hold out a loo roll and 2 plastic bag , one lidl , one Marks and Spencer 's - Bridget grab the m&s bag . a dread - locked guy approach Bridget with a suspicious wrap . dread -locked guy meow meow ? BRIDGET woof woof . ( to miranda ) I be not sleep with he . behind he be a poster advertising the literary tent , with a picture of jack quant - the caption read ' algorithm Change the World 's . miranda ( to Bridget ) I ' 1ll get the backstage pass . you find a map . she stride off . Bridget head in the opposite direction . as she walk she heel get stick in the mud and as she step forward , she leave it behind . she try to go back to grab it , but the other heel get stick , and she be catch in what be effectively the split , unable to extricate herself from she shoe . after a struggle she pull one of the heel out . jack ( 0.c . ) that 's exactly why I do not wear my heel . reveal jack quant , a insanely handsome 45 year old american . shoot script . 20 28 29 30 jack ( cont 'd ) May I ? he lift the floundering Bridget out of the mud , rescue she heel and place she safely at the top of the little hill . he place she shoe back on she foot . jack ( cont 'd ) it fit ! Bridget laugh , faintly embarrassed . BRIDGET thank you ... I .... miranda appear wave welly and short . she shout . miranda Bridget ! jack be that you wick stepmother ? BRIDGET I should go , or she will have I sweeping fireplace all afternoon . Nice to meet you ... she 's already head off . jack it 's Jack ... ext . campsite . day . 28 Bridget and miranda face with a hundred identical yurt . BRIDGET right . which one 's ours ? int . yurt . day 29 miranda and Bridget open the door to reveal one bed . miranda cosy . BRIDGET intimate . miranda break out a bottle of vodka - hand it to Bridget , who tuck straight in . ext . festival bar area . day . 30 - we track along a row of theme bar , where Bridget and miranda be down every cocktail , real ale and vodka shot , and as they ' cheer 's each other , they shout . shoot script . 21 31 32 miranda BRIDGET ngochi ! ngochi ! int . edm dance tent . day . 31 Bridget and miranda be dance away like dervish amongst the ridiculously young crowd to a thumping dance track , have the time of they life . there be people in Zorb ball on the dancefloor . Bridget shout across to miranda . BRIDGET ( gleeful ) it 's 2.30 in the afternoon ! I should be hoover ! int . backstage . day . 32 a tipsy miranda and Bridget be backstage have fun by the bar . BRIDGET this be incredible , we have to get a photo . Bridget turn round to find somebody to take a photo of they . she tap the person next to they at the bar on the shoulder . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , would you mind if we ask you to ... he turn round - reveal - it 's ed sheeran . ed sheeran of course not , total pleasure . Bridget hand Ed the camera and he then place himself in the middle of Bridget and miranda - who just stare at he like he 's insane . there be a long pause . miranda what on earth be you do ? ed sheeran I think you want a picture . miranda we do ! of we ! BRIDGET yes , terribly sorry , we think it would be fun to have a picture of we backstage among all this glamorous people . I think that 's the man from ' Cash in the attic 's , it would be great if you could get he in shot . shoot script . 22 33 34 ed sheeran right , and you do not want I in the picture at all ? BRIDGET we just want you to take a selfie of we . he attempt to make a joke to lighten the situation . ed sheeran well then it would not be a selfie , would it ? it would be a ' youfie 's . miranda just stare at he witheringly , then grab back the phone . miranda and a attitude to boot ! be it really so difficult ? they walk away leave a shocked Ed sheeran hang . miranda ( cont 'd ) honestly , they let any riff-raff backstage nowadays . as they walk away Bridget turn around and exchange a smile with he . BRIDGET I think he be kind of cute . he look very familiar . I think he work in the Starbucks in balham . int . edm tent . day . 33 a tipsy miranda and Bridget be look lose . they spot a tent . miranda let 's go to the mantra tent next , that 's where fka twig be play . BRIDGET great ! I love he ... she ... they ? int . literary tent . day 34 a interviewer sit on stage opposite Jack quant . behind they a bank of screen bear the ' qwantify 's logo . interviewer since float he empire which include the online dating site qwantify , internet philanthropist Jack quant , have not sit still . he have just write a New York Times bestseller qwantum leap ... ( hold up book ) ( more ) shoot script . 23 interviewer ( cont 'd ) and he 's also sponsor this festival . a round of polite applause . interviewer ( cont ’d ) but it all begin with the strum of cupid 's arrow , right ? the audience laugh . jack well , it begin with a break heart . date seem irrational , so I want to see if the mystery of human attraction could be break down into something mathematical . suddenly a rowdy Bridget and miranda bound into the tent assume it 's fka twig . miranda wooo , fuck yeah ! all head turn as Bridget and miranda stop in they track . jack ( look directly at Bridget ) I believe there be someone out there for everyone ... if we just ask the right question and apply the law of mathematics . the audience listen intently . miranda come on let 's go . who want to do math at a festival ? let 's get shit - face . BRIDGET ( whisper to miranda ) let 's stay ... he 's interesting . Bridget force miranda to sit down in two empty seat . back on stage Jack have the crowd rapt . interviewer and now you have move from match - make to global business partnership . jack yes , that same algorithm have help bring together the world 's most needy with the world 's most wealthy . shoot script . 24 as if to illustrate this point , behind he photo of cocoa farmer in Columbia switch around the screen to match with chocolate factory in Switzerland ; yak farmer in tibet with coffee house in San Francisco . miranda ( shouting out to the crowd ) boring ! jack okay . I get it , you do not want to talk about algorithm at a festival . so let I show you how they can be ... sexy . take out you phone . murmured curiosity as the audience take out they phone . Jack reach into he pocket and take out he own . jack ( cont 'd ) take a photo . Jack take a photo of himself , tap on the screen and upload it . at once he ludicrously handsome photo appear with some of he answer underneath . it read - Jack quant ' interest - environmentalism , trekk , Lady Mary 's . jack ( cont 'd ) now quickly answer a couple of question . miranda take out she phone and hurriedly fill out the questionnaire . she take a photo of a resistant Bridget . miranda I have put down that you like french cinema - it 's sophisticated and slutty at the same time . miranda take a snap of herself . jack then upload it to the qwantify website and the result should start come up on the screen behind I . more and more photo upload from the audience . suddenly a photo of miranda appear - she look amazing . then one of Bridget - she be slightly out of focus , mouth open . jack ( cont 'd ) french cinema , huh ? slutty and sophisticated . as more picture appear he comment . shoot script . 25 jack ( cont 'd ) it 's science , you have be foolish to resist it . ( alt ) this could be the start of something special , or at least a quick fumble in a sleep bag . to guy with white hair & beard . jack ( cont 'd ) ooo , there you go gandalf , seem you be not the only one look for a ring . the good look couple be match . jack ( cont 'd ) now you guy would have good look baby . a pair come up who both have as one of they interest - ' night in on my own 's the girl do the ' call I 's motion . jack ( cont 'd ) he do not have to call you , he 's literally here . various other photo appear with caption . interviewer 's picture come up with - ' Social anthropology , sunset 's . a quiet marvel as more and more photo upload from the audience , come together , align in ' coupling 's . the interviewer 's photo attaches to a particularly attractive woman , he eye light up . miranda flush , now match with a rather odd look man sit to she leave . jack ( cont 'd ) remember what happen at the festival , stay at the festival , unless it go on instagram then 300 million people can see it . miranda grab Bridget 's arm . a rather earnest look man with a very old plastic bag in he hand smile at Bridget . she look back at the screen . they have be match . jack ( cont 'd ) never question the algorithm , see there really be someone for everyone ... Bridget and miranda get up and edge out of the tent . suddenly on screen , Jack 's photo be match with Bridget 's and the earnest man be knock down to a photo below . shoot script . 26 35 36 Jack 's eye fall back to where Bridget be sit . she 's go . jack ( cont 'd ) guess I scared she off . ext . festival . night . 35 Ed sheeran belt out the iconic and brilliant ' sing 's . the crowd love he , so do Bridget and miranda . Bridget , now loving festival life , jiggle on top of miranda 's strain shoulder . miranda oh my god . BRIDGET I know ... it 's the guy from Starbucks ! later : miranda buck Bridget off she shoulder . as she be crowd - surf over the head of the fan , Bridget 's image appear on a multitude of screen flanking the stage . later : miranda be in she bra inside a giant inflate zorb ball roll around . int . yurt . night . later . 36 Bridget crash into the pitch black yurt , laugh . she rip off she dress , flop into bed , exhaust . BRIDGET I have get to admit , that be fun . no response . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) you know what , you be right , what I need be a good shafting , some good old fashioned , lie-back - and - think - of - England bonk . jack sign I up . Bridget sit bolt upright , startle . Jack put on the light , smile gently at she . BRIDGET oh my god ... how ? ( genuine surprise ) what be you do in my yurt ...? she look around and see all he thing scattered . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) with all you possession , and clothes , and luggage ... shoot script . 27 37 38 they laugh . jack yup , it 's almost as if I have come in and make it my own , right ? Bridget take another look at Jack . BRIDGET oh my god , you be the algorithm guy . jack and wait , it 's you , the creature from the black lagoon , who like french cinema , right ? Bridget smile at he . Jack scoot across the bed to make space . jack ( cont 'd ) you do not really expect I to believe you accidentally crash into my yurt , do you ? but since you be here and obviously look for a mate , maybe I can help you . Bridget laugh . damn he 's hot . int . festival tent . night . 37 Ed sheeran perform a unplugge version of ' think out loud 's to a rapt small audience . as he sing a giant Zorb ball with miranda inside , roll gently into the tent . int . jack 's yurt . night . 38 Bridget be lie on she front on the bed , face Jack as he fill in the qwantify questionnaire online . they face illuminate by the screen . BRIDGET I think you say a few question . jack nearly there . do you believe in God ? BRIDGET only when absolutely necessary . when face major illness and / or when stick in a lift . jack have you ever eat anything off the floor ? shoot script . 28 BRIDGET usually after apply the five — second rule , but not if it 's butter - side down . jack have you ever do anything you be ashamed of ? BRIDGET well , I pretend to be disabled to get to the front of a Duran Duran concert ; I watch ' dirty Dancing 's eight time in one day , and have sex with olly husband - bosworth in my dad 's 's old renault . Jack laugh . jack I be run out of space ... would you sleep with someone on the first date ? there be a long pause . BRIDGET tricky .... but on reflection ... quite possibly ... yes . ( beat ) do it count if you have get money on it ? jack depend how much ? BRIDGET term be not officially agree but it go along the line of my friend betting I that I have to sleep with the first man I meet . jack and be I ? the first man ? BRIDGET second . jack you might have just lose you bet . he lean forward and kiss she . BRIDGET be we finish with the question ? jack a couple more . thing be heating up . Jack kiss she again . shoot script . 39 40 29 jack ( cont 'd ) I need to know what thing you be not prepare to do , just to make absolutely sure I do not offend . he start to kiss she neck . he reach they kiss . jack ( cont 'd ) be this off the agenda ? BRIDGET a hundred percent . I be not that kind of girl . jack right . so I presume this be a no - no ? round to undo she bra . BRIDGET without question . jack excellent . I be really beginning to paint a picture of the kind of girl you be not . BRIDGET do you think you may have find I a match ? jack I ‘’1l have to run the number but I be pretty hopeful we can find someone within you criterion . it 's look like a 97 percent match . although would you mind a american ? BRIDGET a american ? sound terrible ... ext . festival portaloo . night 39 miranda be now in the giant zorb ball with Ed sheeran . they roll down a hill and straight into the portaloo , two of which they knock over . int . yurt . sunday morning . dawn . 40 Bridget wake with a start . turn . the other side of the bed be empty . she look around blearily , she see she phone to check the time and there be a text from miranda . '' where be you ? '' with a panic Bridget jump out of bed and grab she clothes . shoot script . 30 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 ext . yurt . later . 4l nobody be awake . it 's be raining and the field be a swampy , muddy bog . Bridget , in a flap , jump out of Jack 's yurt , land in a boggy patch and can not extricate she Wellington boot . panicked , she simply take she foot out and run off with one bare foot . omitted 42 ext / int . yurt . morning . 43 Jack return to the yurt with coffee and croissant . he see the empty bed . look outside again where he see the abandon Wellington boot . he extricate it from the mud and look at it wistfully . omitted 44 omitted 45 ext . BRIDGET 's flat . some day later . 46 Bridget exit she flat hurriedly with a poorly - wrap toy . shazzer and she twin , ruby and spike ( 5 ) wait by shazzer 's car . shazzer oblivious as Bridget slip two blue fizzy haribo bomb into they mouth . they smile at she in delight . shazzer so it last six hour ? BRIDGET at least . Ruby shout over . ruby what last six hour mum ? shazzer erm , a puppet show auntie Bridge go to ... int . car . day 47 they pile into the car . shazzer six hour puppet show . and be they little puppet or ... BRIDGET very nice size puppet . shoot script . 31 shazzer and do he ... ( struggle ) put the puppet in you mouth ? the child look very confuse . Bridget nod . shazzer ( cont 'd ) God I feel like my day of puppet show be behind I . I have never even have 2 puppet at a time , have a mile high puppet show ... and have he call ? it 's be a week . BRIDGET that 's not how it work now . you just hook up with rugge troubadour at music festival and there be no string . puppet with no string . 48 int . country house HOTEL . bedroom . day . 48 a chic , expensive room . jude dress she 6 year old , poppy , whilst talk on speaker into she iphone . they both have frightful cold . gile be in the background get ready . jude where the fuck be you ? the child watch she mother carefully and expressionlessly before sneezing wetly all over she . 49 int . car . london traffic jam . day . 49 the car in stationary traffic . shazzer 's child 's mouth be agape at hearing the swear word . BRIDGET speed through lovely countryside . spike no we be not , why be auntie Bridget lie ... 50 int . country house HOTEL . bedroom . day . 50 jude ( 0.s. ) you would better be . Jude lift up poppy 's dress and look at she severely . jude ( cont 'd ) you be not go to a christen without wear knicker . shoot script . 32 51 52 53 int . car . day . 51 BRIDGET we be wear knicker . shazzer speak for yourself . jude Bridge , I think you should know , after Tom drop out , gile ask Mark to be the godfather , the prick . BRIDGET ( horrify ) he do what ? jude ( 0.s. ) I know he really be a useless cock , do it without ask I . Bridget tense . int . country church . day . 52 the service be already underway . Bridget , shazzer and the kid come in at the back of the church . BRIDGET ( v.0 ) oh fuck , fuck , fuck . a roiling sea of smug-married and they offspring fill the pews . shazzer and the kid duck into a pew , leave Bridget to run the gauntlet , totter down the aisle to the font where the christen party be wait for she . the baby be cry . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) ( mutter leave and right ) sorry , sorry , sorry ! poppy stand beside a cross-look Jude as Bridget approach . poppy ( repeat she mother 's word ) where the fuck be you ? Bridget get a frosty reception from Jude , gile and the vicar . she acknowledge Mark darcy . he give what look like a disapprove nod in return . irritably , Jude hand Bridget the baby . it immediately stop cry . the baby love she . ext . country church . day . 53 Bridget and darcy still have not have a chance to speak . Jude , gile , Bridget and darcy be lining up for photo . shoot script . 33 Bridget be still hold the baby who be sleep peacefully . magda and jeremy , friend of Bridget 's , be there with three ill-behave boy in tow . magda look at Bridget - she 's a natural . jeremy need to get a move on though . mind you , that woman in Italy have a baby at 65 . magda nudge he , smile apologetically at Bridget . BRIDGET number one on my to - do list ! jeremy want a hand ? magda hit he . Mark look awkwardly at the floor . photographer ok , can I just have the godparent now ? the rest of the congregation peel away , leave just Mark , Bridget and the baby . in a alternate universe ... MARK ( stiffly ) so , how be you ? BRIDGET very well thank you ? and you ? MARK well . yes . thanks . Mark be incredibly uncomfortable and awkward around the baby . BRIDGET be you here with you wife ? I be sorry I can not remember she name . MARK camilla . no. she er ... no . could not make it . be you with anyo ....? BRIDGET no. not...today ... no . she trail off , busy herself with the baby . photographer come on it 's not a funeral . what about a couple of smile from you two ? maybe give she a little kiss on the forehead ? darcy lean over to give Bridget the most awkward of peck on the forehead . shoot script . 34 54 photographer ( cont ’d ) that 's lovely , but I be talk about the baby . BRIDGET ( try to break the ice ) we should probably just acknowledge that this be unbelievably awkward , no ? MARK sorry ? BRIDGET this ? you and I hold a baby , you know , since well ... you know . MARK right , yes , put like that ... he do not get a chance to elaborate because Jude interrupt . jude Bridget , they want to get a photo with you and I and the baby . BRIDGET yes . good . MARK well . i’1l see you later I should not wonder . BRIDGET yes ... unless I try and make a break for it with this thing . healthy baby can fetch a fortune on the black market and I desperately need a new boiler . ( talk to the baby ) shall we sell you ? shall we ? the baby chortle back at she . the photographer look horrify , Mark smile . int . drawing room . HOTEL . day . 54 the party be well underway . darcy stand with a group of father include gile & fergus . Bridget be wander around follow by a crocodile - line of kid . darcy and Bridget pretend not to notice each other . on a band of mother , all talk to a heavily - pregnant woman , ginny . Bridget try to sneak past . woney here she be . everyone 's favourite godmother . how many godchild now , Bridget ? BRIDGET running into six figure , woney . shoot script . 35 woney better hurry up though ! Bridget grab a fork from a pass tray and stab it into woney 's arm . woney scream . BRIDGET do you think it have not cross my mind ? back to reality . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) good advice . thanks . ginny you know there be a woman in Italy who have a baby when she be 65 . BRIDGET wow , I do not know that . ginny ooh ! there she go ! she 's kick I ! BRIDGET and who can blame she ? the woman stare at she . BRIDGET . with all this noise and excitement . ginny do you want to feel ? BRIDGET no , I be okay - ginny I really do not mind . feel . the. bump . BRIDGET oh. right. okay . ( do so reluctantly ) ahh. Lovely . wow . Bridget , all smile . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , must go and get er ... impregnate . as she leave all the woman watch she and ' aaah 's in patronise sympathy . CUT to : shoot script . 36 55 56 int . other side of the room . day . 55 Bridget and Mark arrive at the bar simultaneously . Mark give she a polite smile as two efficient bar- people reach they . MARK hello again . BRIDGET hello . MARK how be you ? BRIDGET I be very well thank you . how be you ? MARK I be fine . BRIDGET so be I . well good bye then . MARK good bye . they turn away to a separate barman . BRIDGET give I a glass of wine . Big , big glass . MARK ( to he barman ) and a whisky . double . they go off in opposite direction . drink fast . int . tv room / corridor . HOTEL . day . 56 Mark spot Bridget who be heroically try to stop magda and Jeremy 's three ill-behave boy and shazzer 's twin from kill each other in order to get a turn on the iPad . BRIDGET Zak , you mum say thirty minute . off ! now ! boy one wait ! I be about to shoot the pimp ! Bridget look at the screen horrify as the boy kick and thump each other . the youngest wind Bridget 's hair around a Thomas the tank engine . suddenly the child be hoist away as if by magic . Bridget sag with relief . MARK that 's no way to treat a lady , boy . here , look - shoot script . 37 Mark pick up the iPad and sit on the floor . the boy cluster around it . MARK ( cont 'd ) right , vigilantism be no solution , let the police deal with the pimp , he 'il face a minimum of eight year in custody , assume no previous , and how about you all sit round and watch this thing with cow in space ... Bridget rise to she foot , watch . the boy , absorb in this new film , have forget she exist . Mark speak without look up . MARK ( cont 'd ) I would go while the go 's good . BRIDGET thanks . Bridget walk away . she stop behind a flower display and look back at Mark patiently watch a film with five irritate child . MARK see that 's the first issue right there , cow with opposable thumb , ludicrous ... 56A int . HOTEL . night 56 a we find Jude fast asleep in she hotel room , with the baby next to she . 57 int . dance floor . HOTEL . night . 57 Dancing have start - a kind of kid / adult disco affair as child run around drunk adult . gile & fergus be djing badly . the music play be gangnam style . Bridget - by now quite merry and wear poppy 's fairy wing - still have the toy train wound into she hair . she 's dance with all the child , and do all the horsey - ridey move . despite the silliness of the dance Bridget be in she element , she know the dance really well and be mesmerize , a strange combination of graceful , sexy and fun . Mark darcy stand aloof , a bit torture , observe , inadvertently rapt by she . Bridget , mid dance , spot he look alone and after a moment 's pause ' gangnam style 's over . BRIDGET I would ask you to join I , but I be pretty sure you be not a real gangnam style kind of guy . shoot script . 38 MARK I be only there very briefly . BRIDGET where ? MARK gangnam . Bridget look puzzle . MARK ( cont 'd ) what be we talk about ? BRIDGET gangnam ? Dancing . MARK ah , I see . not the suburb of Seoul . BRIDGET no. MARK right . BRIDGET I be not familiar with gangnam the suburb . MARK it literally mean ' south of the han river 's . it be inhabit as early as the paleolithic period . Bridget stop dance . BRIDGET right , it suddenly seem so much less catchy . fergus , on ' the deck 's spot they together and immediately change the tune . something lovely start to play . fergus ( 0.c. ) now a little something for all you lover out there . we be enter the ‘erection section 's . a shout ring out over the crowd . shazzer ( 0.c . ) do not say fuck ' erection 's at a christen . MARK ( to Bridget ) shall we get some air ? they walk outside . shoot script . 39 58 ext . terrace . HOTEL . night . 58 Mark lead Bridget to the terrace overlook the moonlit lake . MARK I do not suppose you have a cigarette ? BRIDGET ( shocked ) no . I give up . 691 day ago . MARK not that you be count ... BRIDGET since when do you smoke ? MARK I do not . it 's be a tense time . and maybe I be nervous . BRIDGET why ? they stop and stare at each other . MARK you have a train in you hair . BRIDGET I be aware of that . MARK seem to be stick . and be this ... cake ? BRIDGET profiterole . mari technically more of a dessert than a cake , I suppose . Mark start get the train out . suddenly he pull she to he . they kiss . she pull away . BRIDGET what be you do ? you be marry . MARK no I be not . well I be . we be get a divorce . that 's why she 's not here . BRIDGET but you be there together at Daniel 's memorial ? MARK no , she be just there to be supportive . ( more ) shoot script . 40 59 60 61 62 MARK ( cont 'd ) she 's go back to the hague . where she 's now live and I be not . BRIDGET . Mark . I be so sorry . MARK right at this precise moment , I be not sorry at all . and he pull she to he and kiss she again . int . party room & HOTEL reception . HOTEL . same time . night 59 the dance floor be crowded with mum , dad and child miming the action to ymca . Bridget and darcy leave the party , they eye lock on each other . int . mark bedroom . night 60 Mark try to undo the many tiny button on she dress , it take a ridiculously long time . they both start to laugh . MARK how the fuck be I mean to get in here ? int . MARK ’'s bedroom . later 61 the familiar trail of clothes and undy lead to the bed . Mark and Bridget be have sex . BRIDGET Mark darcy . wow. int . MARK ’'s bedroom . later 62 Mark and Bridget happy , content , post-coital . MARK Bridget ? BRIDGET yes . MARK be you fake not have a orgasm ? BRIDGET ( sheepish ) uh huh . MARK why do you do that ? BRIDGET so you will not stop . shoot script . 4l 63 64 65 66 67 MARK God . I have miss you . Mark 's iphone alarm go off . he reach for it . BRIDGET be we on schedule ? Mark laugh . MARK sorry . it 's go off early . I have get a flight to Damascus tomorrow . he turn over and go back to sleep . Bridget look at he . flashback montage int . airport . day 63 Bridget wait for Mark at arrival . the arrival board read ' damascus 's . he do not appear . Bridget anxious . int . restaurant . gianni' italian . night . 64 Bridget be at a candlelit table order . Mark be outside the window on the phone . BRIDGET ( to herself ) happy anniv .... Mark wave a absent minded finger at she , talk into he phone . she point to something on the menu and he give she a thumb up , still on the phone . int . airport . day . 65 Bridget wait for Mark at arrival . the arrival board read ' basra 's . he do not appear . Bridget anxious . int . MARK 's house . night . 66 it be Mark 's birthday . Bridget have prepare a spectacular birthday meal , with balloon , candle , flower . she 's dress in a apron . she hear someone at the door . she open it to Mark . simultaneously the camera pull back to reveal a wide shot of : Bridget from behind , entirely naked . Mark 's four work colleague appear in the door behind he . omitted 67 shoot script . 42 67a int . auditorium . day - flashback - later 67a on a podium , look gorgeous but professional in a posh frock , Bridget accept the award for ' daytime Television News producer of the Year 2010 's from a well know presenter . she head off the stage and back to she seat with she impressive - look award . 68 ext . tate britain . day - flashback 68 large banner outside the building announce the ' british daytime television award 's Bridget stand alone on the step of the impose building . she be hold she award . she be look up and down the road , as if wait for someone to arrive . the last of the event 's attendee trickle down the step , one or two of they congratulate she as they pass . finally , she walk down the step , alone and sad , and stand wait on the pavement . at the sound of a car , she look up and smile with relief and delight , as if see someone she know . end montage . 69 int . mark HOTEL room . cont . 69 at that moment Mark 's mobile light up . we see a text flash up from camilla ( complete with photograph ) : ' call I . x X '. Bridget reflect . she give he a tender kiss on the cheek before gather she clothes and leave . 70 int . country house HOTEL . darcy 's bedroom . day . 70 Morning light flutter across darcy 's lid . MARK Bridget ? this be meet with ominous silence . he look around and deflate as he spy a note on the bedside table . BRIDGET ( v.o. ) I be so sorry , Mark . have to leave . this probably sound pathetic but I get scared . we have be here once before .... and I be not sure either of we be ready to go through it again . we always love the fantasy of we . but the reality , as we both know , be quite different . BRIDGET . close on MARK 's face . 71 omitted 71 shoot script . 43 72 73 ext . albert bridge . morning . time passing sequence . 72 on four different day over the eight follow week , Bridget wobble to work on the new , unused - before bicycle . she can not filter into the traffic . she ding she bell . BRIDGET ( v.o. ) cont . must keep try something new and frightening each day , like finally pluck up courage to ride bicycle through scary urban street which we now call village . and will - as always - throw myself into my work . Bridget happily cycle along the busy road . smiling at she achievement . pull out to reveal a long line of honk car and truck stick behind she . EIGHT week later . int . hard news studio . boardroom . day . 73 Alice peabody be address the assemble staff of hard News . Richard finch sidle in look every inch the hipster with full beard and moustache . he smile smugly at Alice 's hipster assistant . alice it 's call ' news 's because it should feel new , otherwise it would be call ' old 's . last night we top three storey be twenty - three dead in the Middle East , boring , earthquake in Asia , see it before , car crash on the m5 , blah blah blah . we be make ' old 's . we need to flip the switch , mix it up . I want to nutri bullet the shit out of the news . Richard lean across to Bridget and miranda . richard she 's on the warpath . Susan the floor manager have go . she be 37 for God 's sake . BRIDGET she be 6 month pregnant ! Alice peabody confer with a assistant about the powerpoint presentation . alice we need to grab the attention , get eye on screen , we need storey like , be you sofa bed give you cancer ? be you freezer give you Alzheimer 's ? shoot script . 44 74 BRIDGET and be they ? Alice be annoyed at this challenge . alice literally no evidence , but you be miss the point . you be intrigue be not you ? I want to launch hard News 's rebrand with a clear new , objective . we have a presentation in twelve week at the London media show and I need someone dynamic , innovative and focus to lead the charge . any volunteer ? in a fit of enthusiasm Bridget thrust up she hand , she be the only person to do so . everybody look stunne , include Alice , who choose not to acknowledge she . alice ( cont 'd ) anybody at all ?... still , only Bridget 's hand remain aloft . miranda lean over to she and whisper . miranda you do realise this be extra work for no money . alice do you need the loo Bridget ? BRIDGET no , I want to volunteer . ( then unconvincingly ) hashtag letsdothis ! int . BRIDGET 's flat . evening . 74 the tv be on in the bedroom . Mark darcy be on the news . he be outside the Supreme Court in he barrister 's garb , stand with four female punk . Bridget stop what she 's do and look at the screen somewhat sadly . tv news ( v.o . ) the all female punk band , poonani , who have already serve a prison sentence in they native country for criticize they President , be now be accuse of fraud and face extradition from the UK . Mark address the assemble press . MARK this case be not about fraud . it 's about freedom of speech . we shall use the full force of the british judicial system to ensure that p ... ( more ) shoot script . 45 MARK ( cont 'd ) ( he can not bring himself to say the name ) this artist be entitle to exercise that freedom in the twenty first century ... Bridget be put on she jeans . she can not fasten they . BRIDGET ( v.o . ) hashtag letsjustwaitasecond and launch into presentation as soon as I corral increasingly worry middle - age spread . CUT to : Bridget be skype-ing shazzer on she laptop in she sit room as she google p.e.r.i.m.e.n.o.p.a.u.s.e . a frenzy of website : hotflush.com , bioidenticals.co.uk etc . shazzer so you be what ? BRIDGET peri menopausal . the symptom be ' memory lapse , mood swing , weight gain . for some woman this can begin as early as thirty five . 's we be a biologically oppress race ! shazzer ( 0.s . ) before you become too oppress , let 's rule out some other option . you be not pregnant , be you ? BRIDGET of course not ! I always carry condom in my handbag and I make they use mine ! she pull out the condom - box from she bag and examine it . it 's crumpled and decrepit . shazzer oh god , you do not use that weird vegan thingy ? BRIDGET bio-degradable and dolphin- friendly . if I be go to be slutty it 's nice to think at least it 's help the environment . shazzer Christ Bridget , I remember when you buy that thing , that be decade ago . she look at they closely - the sell by date say use by September 2010 . shoot script . 46 75 76 77 BRIDGET sell by date do not mean anything , do they ? omitted 75 int . hard news studio . miranda 's office . next morning . 76 close up on a draw full of pregnancy test . miranda hand one to Bridget . miranda they be a gift . do not ask ... int . hard news studio . lady toilet . day . 77 miranda stand outside a toilet cubicle talk to Bridget inside . miranda tumble rapid , froth waterfall , a babbling brook ... she turn on the tap as we cut to a pensive Bridget sit on the loo . BRIDGET ( v.o . ) so here I be , wee on another stick , think back over all the time I fear it be positive , or negative , wonder what I want this time . CUT to : Bridget and miranda look at the pregnancy test stick . close up . a blue line appear . miranda I think that 's a positive result . for a moment , both of they be in stunne silence . miranda shake the stick . BRIDGET do not shake it , you 'il hurt the baby . miranda the baby 's not in the sodd stick , Bridget . well the good news be you be not have the menopause . BRIDGET right . Bridget look at miranda - she can not believe it . shoot script . 47 78 79 miranda this be when you be mean to leap for joy . BRIDGET I be ? miranda you be pregnant . you be pregnant ! you be go to have a baby !! BRIDGET yes. ( with a genuine smile ) a baby . Alice peabody march in , and in a panic miranda sweep the test from the sink top into a rubbish bin to hide they . Alice head into a cubicle and a panicked Bridget fish the test out of the bin . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) ( whisper to miranda ) that be no place for a child of mine . int . gallery . hard news studio . day . 78 miranda and Bridget in whisper discussion , aware that Alice and she team be hover in the background . miranda you do not have to keep it ... BRIDGET do not I ? maybe that 's a good thing ? be it ? miranda Bridget , do you want a baby ? BRIDGET I do not know , but I be 43 and it might be the only chance I be go to get . miranda one break out - of-date condom ... I might have believe it be a accident but two ? you want it . BRIDGET ( v.o. ) maybe I do ? int . ante - natal clinic . waiting room . day . 2 month . 79 Bridget sit in a full wait - room . she flick through a hello magazine , stop at a double page wedding feature . shoot script . 48 BRIDGET ( v.o. ) this be not how I think this moment would be . I think I would be with the square - jaw love of my life , I imagine he return home from work in a suit to the joyous news . breathe . stay calm , whole world about to change . 80 int . ante - natal clinic . day . 80 Bridget be sit with dr . rawling who be hold up a chart . Bridget consult she iPad . BRIDGET so which of the time with I and my wonderful man do you think we might have get pregnant on ? dr . rawling do it matter ? BRIDGET well , yes ! it 's such a special moment ! we want to know which one it be so we can treasure it . dr . rawling can n xot you treasure both of they ? BRIDGET we will and do , of course , but surely one of that date be more likely than the other ? dr . rawling actually Day 10 , he birthday , be a bit early and Day 16 , which be - BRIDGET - after we anniversary dinner - dr . rawling - yes . be a bit late . be you sure there be not another treasurable occasion in between ? BRIDGET quite sure because - he be away for a few day - he 's such a busy bee ! always on business trip . so which of the two would you go for ? dr . rawling no idea . both equally likely . could have be after the event because as you know , sperm can live for several day after ejaculation . Bridget 's eye bulge . shoot script . 49 BRIDGET could not you just have a guess for I ? dr . rawling no . BRIDGET just pretend you be put money on a horse ? dr . rawling certainly not . BRIDGET what about the first scan then ? will that show when conception take place ? dr . rawling no. call this number to fix a date for it . and do bring the father . if you can work out which one he be ... Bridget be catch . BRIDGET right . just out of interest ... dr . rawling yes ? BRIDGET if someone do have a element of confusion about who the father be - dr . rawling - you can get DNA from the baby at the amniocentesis . and I do recommend that you have the amniocentesis . there be always more risk with a geriatric mother . BRIDGET geriatric ? that 's outrageous . dr . rawling indeed . BRIDGET unless it mean they can sign on for they pension and child support at the same time . Dr. rawling laugh . 81 int . BRIDGET 's bedroom . day . 81 Bridget sort through she underwear drawer . shoot script . 50 82 83 BRIDGET ( v.o. ) where be they ? she produce a pair of the almost full body spanx , they extend from knee to just under the breast . BRIDGET ( v.o. ) here they be ! the constrictor ! must prove to world , Bridget Jones can do this . independent career woman , single mother . must prove myself as key millenial attractor . Bridget now with full body spanx on . BRIDGET ( v.o. ) hashtagletsdothis ! int . hard news office . day . 82 Bridget be at she desk as Alice march up . Bridget spot she and put on she best ' concentrate face 's , focus on she computer . alice hi , so I just want to connect , check how the presentation be shaping up . BRIDGET uh , huh , yup . totally on top of it , nutri bullete the shit out of it . Alice screw she face up . alice what ?... I be rely on you Bridget . I need you to get this right . understand ? BRIDGET one hundred percent . you can count on I . as Alice sashays off , Bridget lift up she bin and vomit into it , then put it down as if nothing have happen . ext . ST. pancras fountain . day . 83 shazzer and Tom be happily drink al fresco as Bridget nurse a orange juice . Bridget furtively sniff shazzer 's wine as Tom show they picture of he colombian baby on he phone . in the background a outdoor experimental puppet show be take place . shazzer 's child be watch the show . tom eduardo 's still out there , he 's so excited about be a dad . Bridget and shazzer ' ooh and aah 's at photo . shoot script . 51 shazzer speak of which have you tell you ' father 's yet ? BRIDGET yes of course . do I ? what if I be too much of a coward ? no , you be right . tom or at least one of they . get they DNA and you can eliminate one of they from you enquiry . BRIDGET this be not CSI St. pancras ... which one do I tell ? what would I even say to Mark ? ' hello Mark , I be just pass by , I know I leave you asleep etc etc . but I do not suppose you have get any blood , sperm or old fingernails lie around ? '. and Jack 's a bloody billionaire . it 's not like I can just ring he up or give he a friend request on Facebook . shazzer be busy google he on she phone . tom I can not believe you sleep with a gorgeous billionaire . if you need he DNA , I be totally prepare to extract it for you . BRIDGET why could not I have just shag a bloody plumber ? he will just think I be another awful gold digger , he ’1ll never answer my call . I have no clue how I ‘'1l ever even see he again . Bridget take another desperate sniff of the wine . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) can you order a scotch , I need a sniff of something stronger . the puppet show end , the child come run over . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) do you enjoy the show , kid ? spike yes auntie Bridge ( aside to Ruby ) she think we do not know what puppet show really mean . shoot script . 52 84 85 int . hard news gallery . night . 84 the gallery be buzzing as it 's show time . a skittish Bridget be at the desk , in miranda 's ear . BRIDGET ok , nice job miranda , you have 3 minute of vt before the interview . Alice enter . alice I have to say Bridget , I be actually excited about this next guest . relevant , relatable and extremely fuckable . good work . int . hard news . studio floor . night . 85 reveal : down on the studio floor Jack be get mich up . he can not see Bridget who be up in the gallery . the make up person , Cathy , approach . brush , powder etc at the ready . cathy I be think some simple magenta eyeshadow to really make you pop and a hint of rouge ... Jack smile . the surround crew laugh as Cathy subtly look up to Bridget in the gallery who give she a nod . cathy ( cont 'd ) ooh , you have get a little grey patch here , shall I ... before he have a chance to reply she whip out a pair of scissors and snip off a lock of hair . she secretly put it in a plastic zip - loc bag . cathy ( cont 'd ) and this silver fox 's nail could do with a little bit of a trim too . ooh , this hand have not see a day manual labour . they be silky soft . Bridget give a thumb up . Jack look perplex . jack wow , real attention to detail . I could get use to this . Cathy laugh . cathy now tell I , Jack , do you by any chance like chinese food ? shoot script . 53 86 87 88 89 int . gallery . night . 86 a nervous Bridget talk into miranda 's earpiece . BRIDGET ok , come out of the vt in 5 , 4 , and remember - gear shift . int . studio floor . night . 87 miranda put on a concerned face as the floor manager count she down . miranda and we have a number for a helpline on we website . ( perk up ) but now though , I be join by Jack quant . raise by a single mother in Baltimore , he win a scholarship to Harvard at 17 , create the website that make he a billionaire and he 's here today to tell we all about he number one bestseller , qwantum leap . it 's absolutely wonderful to have you on the sofa . miranda be in full flirt mode . jack it 's great to be here . int . gallery . night . 88 Bridget talk into she earpiece . BRIDGET can you please try not to shag he on air . Alice come over and lean in . alice this be dynamite , tell she to flirt more . int . studio floor . night . 89 miranda now we be go to be talk about you new book of course , but first let 's talk about romance . we find this picture of you from you college day . up pop a math faculty photo show seven of the geekiest look boy imaginable - all glass , brace and awkwardness . shoot script . 54 jack ( smile ) wow - you have do you research . I be the good-look one at the front right ! miranda you have change a lot since then and qwantify have bring true love to million ... have it work for you ? jack ( easy charm ) if I answer that , can we move on and talk about my book ? miranda nod . jack ( cont 'd ) ok then , some people have farrah fawcett as they first crush , but my first love be a algorithm . 90 int . gallery . night . 90 Alice 's face go black . alice and we have lose they ... if he carry on talk about ' algorithm 's I be cut to that vt of cat who look like Hitler . Bridget steel herself , speak into the earpiece . BRIDGET he 's avoid the question . get he off math . ask he if he 's with anyone now ... 91 int . hard news , studio floor . night . 91 miranda so , for someone so good at matchmake be there someone special in you life ? jack ha ! apart from Downton 's Lady Mary ? I think we be move on now ... 92 int . gallery . night . 92 alice cue Hitler cat ! a picture come on the monitor of a cat that look exactly like Hitler - all ready to roll . shoot script . 55 93 93a 93b 93c Bridget now have the bit between she tooth ... BRIDGET miranda do not be evasive , it 's do not be evasive , it 's apparent you have everything , apparent you have everything , but why have you choose to but why have you choose to have no family , no child ? have no family , no child ? richard finch brilliant , zoom in on 4 . . alice Love it ! omitted 93 omitted 93a int . hard news . studio floor . night . 93b Jack be a little bit rattle . jack look , I love kid , but I always find the idea of be a father myself kind of petrify . that 's why I be draw to algorithm . they be rational , predictable . everything a child be not . cut to Bridget - she face drop . miranda flinch as she hear the next question come down the earpiece . she steel herself and become all paxmanesque . BRIDGET miranda so , can you have child ? so can you have child ? be be the soldier work ? the soldier work ? Jack look shocked and the crew look confuse . jack ( cont 'd ) well ... I believe so , the barrack be in pretty regular use . int . gallery . same time . 93c BRIDGET miranda really , because for somebody really , because for somebody with a suppose algorithm for with a suppose algorithm for love , be not it odd that love , be not it odd that you have never find it ? you have never find it ? shoot 93d 93e 93f 94 95 96 script . 56 int . hard news studio . night . 93d jack well I suppose in order to find something you have to actively look for it , and I guess I work so hard this day , I have not get time . omitted 93e omitted 93f int . gallery . night . 94 BRIDGET miranda how much do you know about how much do you know about the quant family bloodline ? the quant family bloodline ? any skeleton in the closet ? any skeleton in the closet ? sexual deviant ... criminal sexual deviant ... criminal record ... serial killer ...? record ... serial killer ...? Alice now look confuse , as do everybody in the gallery at this random non-sequitur . int . hard news . studio floor . night . 95 Jack now look totally perplex . jack I be sorry , I be not sure where we be go with all of this , but in all honesty , I have to be wary . I can attract the wrong type of woman . he look around and recognize Bridget in the gallery . jack ( cont 'd ) you would not believe some of the weirdo who cross my path . see he see she , she take evasive action and duck behind she desk . unfortunately , she headphone lead do not extend far enough and she end up jolting she head back and have to lean at forty - five degree to the floor . int . gallery . night . 96 Bridget , still at forty - five degree to the floor , everyone in the gallery stare at she like a lunatic . shoot script . 57 BRIDGET ( flounder ) fuck ! ask he something about algorithm . 97 int . reception . hard news . night . 97 a furtive Bridget try to sneak out of the building when she find ... jack well how about see you here . BRIDGET oh , hi ! great to see you , I be sorry , I want to come and find you , say hello , but you know what live tv be like , so chaotic ... jack you know , there be easier way to get in touch with I than invite I on national tv to ask I about my sperm . BRIDGET what ? no ... I ... jack because I would have like to have hear from you . I be disappointed when I come back that morning and you would go . BRIDGET you be ? jack we have a amazing night . I think you be great , at least I do , before I become a clip on ' the fifty most embarrassing chat show moment of all time 's . BRIDGET I be sorry ... I do not know how to explain it ... ( deep breath ) ... the thing be ... I be pregnant . jack wow ! congratulation , that 's so much better than you be mental . BRIDGET around twelve week . jack oh ... wait ... you mean ... the Festival ? shoot script . 98 58 Bridget nod . Jack look dumbstruck . BRIDGET yes , it 's quite a surprise . but I be fine . I just want you to know I be not look for anything from you ... jack ( laugh nervously ) except for a complete DNA check and review of my medical record . Bridget embarrassed . awkward . BRIDGET I be sorry about - in there . I suppose I want to find out more about you , in case you , ... , in case we ... look , the thing be , I do not really mean for you to find out about this . Bridget point to she tummy . she go . emotion . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) and of course , obviously , you 'il want you lawyer or whoever you have check for the ' weirdo who cross you path 's , make sure I be not one of that ... jack right , I do not have you down as one of that . forgive I , I 'ma little in shock , this be not what I be expect . BRIDGET and I be feel very foolish right now , so if it 's ok with you , I will just retreat gracefully . thank you . good-bye . leave jack feel a great wash of mix Jack see miranda scuttling past . jack hold it , Katie couric ! I need to talk to you . int . ante - natal clinic . day . 3 month . 98 jack be hair and fingernails be in the zip - loc bag on a medical trolley . BRIDGET so , the baby 's okay ? shoot script . 59 dr.rawlings sound as a bell . a great , beatific smile break out on Bridget 's face . pure joy ... the baby 's image come up on the screen , Dr. rawling melt into the background as Bridget become mesmerize by what 's on the monitor . BRIDGET oh my god , be that it ? Bridget start to laugh and then to cry . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) be it alright ? dr . rawling perfect . you be approximately 12 week along . listen . Dr rawling turn up the sound and there it be - the heartbeat . Bridget look smitten . Dr. rawling go out to organise the amniocentesis needle . dr . rawling ( cont ’d ) I be glad you have decide on the amniocentesis . Bridget do not hear this . she be stare at the image . suddenly a tiny hand be raise , this little bean of life . Bridget smile , tear prick she eye . tiny foot be just visible . BRIDGET hello you . wow . be that you foot or you ear ? you have big foot . ooh , look at you wave already . hi ! you be obviously very advanced . quite the genius . this be it , this be - you be the best thing I have ever see . this be not quite how I plan to bring you into the world but I ’1ll certainly try my best . so you just keep snug and safe in there while I try and sort the mess out here and hopefully ... a pause . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) what the fuck be that ? Dr. rawling have come back in and be bear down on she with the amnio needle . it 's enormous . shoot script . 60 99 dr . rawling the amniocentesis needle . we pop it in and get a tiny bit of fluid which we can use to check for any abnormality and , of course , for the DNA sample you need . Bridget 's eye widen . dr . rawling ( cont ’d ) now there be a very slight risk of miscarriage so you will have to keep extremely still to make sure the needle do not come into contact with the - BRIDGET - oh , no , no . that 's insane ! she get up , clutching she midriff and back away . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) what kind of a maniac would stick a needle in a baby ? put it away , you monster , put it away - come on little one . I be take you home . she exit the cubicle , leave the bewilder Dr. rawling hold the needle . int . BRIDGET 's flat . sitting room . day . 99 Bridget come into the flat , she flop on the sofa and unwrap a baby outfit . BRIDGET I know they say it 's bad luck to buy thing for a baby before it 's bear , but I beg to differ . I think it 's good plan . after all , who do not want to plan the outfit for they big entrance ? and you be go to make such a entrance ! Bridget get a piece of paper and a pen . she start to draw . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) you know what , we be go to be fine . I be sure of it . in Africa they say it take a whole village to raise a child - look , I x11 show you we village ... look , there 's you and I . she draw a big smiley face in the middle of the paper with a body and another , much smaller smiley face inside it . she draw ' spoke 's out from the face . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) there 's miranda , Tom and shaz , in reality they all have hand , but hand be very tricky to draw . shoot script . 61 she draw a cartoon of the friend , they all have stumpy hand . she draw a cartoon of Jude at the end of the second speak . she 's surround with lot of baby . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) there 's Jude and she 's get four baby already and you be all go to be great friend ! she draw two more smiley face at the end of the third . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) there 's mum and dad . they 's 1l1 spoil you rotten , once I actually tell they you exist . then , at the end of the fourth speak , she draw Jack . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) there 's Jack , who we probably need to - get to know a little bit better before we decide about he , but accord to Google he do have he own helicopter . she add a helicopter . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) I know that look like a cat , but it be in fact a helicopter . and finally , at the end of the fifth speak , she draw Mark . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) - and there 's Mark who will find this a bit messy and modern , but we will cross that bridge when we come to it . she look at she draw - it seem to comfort she , the smiley face surround by lot of other little smiley figure . she pat she tummy . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) what ? there be a small pause . Bridget listen . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) what 's that ? I ought to tell Mark too ? that 's very mature of you . no , you be right . absolutely . I absolutely must . I have be avoid it . you be right . would you like a aero or crisp ? ... what 's that ? both , you say ? 100 int . the supreme court . day 100 Bridget walk into the impose lobby , look apprehensive . shoot script . 62 101 BRIDGET ( v.o . ) Mark , I have some exciting news . Mark , I have the funniest story to tell you . Mark , I be up the duff . she take a deep breath and head towards the courtroom . int . MAIN courtroom . day . 101 Bridget enter the public gallery . she can see Mark darcy , in wig and gown , get to he foot . nine supreme court judge be seat , smart in they suit . Mark be dash , authoritative and incredibly impressive . MARK my lord , there be only one fraud that have be commit here and it be this . to use the law of one country to try to destroy the freedom of speech of another . a trojan horse to take away the right of this brave young woman to speak the truth about the reality of they beloved country . in the dock be four ' poonani 's singer , wear anti government t-shirt . MARK ( cont 'd ) you may not like they music and for that I can not blame you . they may not have master the fundamentals of melody , or even the most basic tenet of musicianship , however , this be the land of Shakespeare , Orwell , lawrence . a land build on the defence of free speech . this be you opportunity , my lord , to send a very clear message back to any country , any ruler , any despot , that here in the United Kingdom we will always defend and protect woman such as p ... BP ... woman such as this , who have courageously and selflessly choose to risk they liberty and quite possibly they life to tell the truth . accordingly we respectfully ask that the request for extradition be deny and quash forthwith . he be masterful , compelling . he take he seat . the court erupt . judge thank you , Mr. darcy . the Court will now adjourn and judgement will be give in due course . the judge rise and everyone get ready to leave . poonani explode in the dock . shoot script . 63 102 103 poonani member poonani ! power to the poonani ! in unison they form they hand into a triangle and point they towards they crotch . Mark turn to he assistant , pierce . MARK oh Christ , I be look forward to go back to some good , old - fashioned genocide . as Mark collect he thing to leave , he spot Bridget in the public gallery . ext . alley . near temple . day . 102 Mark walk Bridget towards he office . MARK I be not expect to see you again , after the ' event 's at the christen . BRIDGET no , right ... I understand . you be very impressive in there today . MARK thank you , although deal with they for the last month have make I feel a certain amount of sympathy for the totalitarian dictator who want to silence they . there 's only so many time I can listen to the resolutely un - catchy ' menstruation , castration , Liberation 's . BRIDGET make you pine for a bit of Ed sheeran . MARK who ? int . mark office . day . 103 Mark show Bridget into he immaculate office MARK so ....? BRIDGET so .... Mark .... MARK yes ... Long pause . shoot script . 64 104 105 BRIDGET the garden look lovely . autumnal . MARK yes ? BRIDGET be that a conker tree ? MARK err ... yes. BRIDGET and what about that one ...? MARK Bridget ? BRIDGET ( blurt ) I be pregnant . MARK right ... congratulation . Bridget nod . MARK ( cont 'd ) and how can I help ? BRIDGET I be three month pregnant . absorb that this be something to do with he . MARK oh ! the christen ? you mean .... Bridget nod , she look anxious as it sink in . MARK ( cont 'd ) well . this be ... right . if you will excuse I for just one moment . he leave the room . she stand there , not know how this will play out . int . corridor . mark office . day . 104 Mark head out into the desert corridor where he try to compose himself . int . mark office . day . 105 he return and look at she , breathes , brace himself . shoot script . 65 106 MARK so. I think ... this be possibly the single , most wonderful piece of information I have ever be give in my entire life . BRIDGET be it ? ok . obviously I have no expectation of how all this will turn out . but I just think you should know . MARK of course . and I mean , how do you feel ? be you ... happy ? BRIDGET yes , I think so , but my be pregnant do not mean the last ten year have not happen . so much have change , you have be marry , I have ... be on a number of long haul holiday ... Sri Lanka be a real highlight . a baby be not some sort of panacea . MARK I know that , but , right now , I just can not feel gloomy about it . on Bridget 's face . BRIDGET ( v.o ) gaaaaaah ! how can I tell he now ? int . jude 's kitchen . day . 106 Bridget visit Jude . the place be mayhem . jude , still ina dress gown with a huge cold - sore , be hold the new baby . gile be in a business suit , on the phone and try to leave for work . he be clean sick off himself and feed the toddler . everyone be thick with cold . a Polish builder wander through , on the phone have a loud argument in Polish . through the kitchen window , another child be bounce on the trampoline in the garden . BRIDGET thing be , they be both so happy that it just feel cruel to tell they the truth about the other and frankly , I be terrify . gile make he way out of the room . gile ( on the phone ) sorry Margaret , I be cover in porridge . what time be my flight ? shoot script . 66 jude that 's the least of you problem .... poppy ! no !... you have no idea . she just turn and shout maniacally at poppy mid sentence without miss a beat . Bridget look horrify . BRIDGET what do you mean ? Jude wait for gile to leave the room . the Polish builder shout again . jude I know I have go on and on about how wonderful motherhood be in public , Bridge , but I have be lie . BRIDGET what ? why ? jude because everyone do . no - one tell the truth . Babies be ghastly . they ruin you life . ruin it ... put it down !... ( she shout at a unseen child ) ... you be always ill , you can not go out , you be cover in a constant layer of sick , wee , old food and poo , there 's no time to wash , and anyway there 's no point because you do not see anybody and you will never have sex again - gile try the other night and apart from the fact that when he pull off the duvet I look like I still have it on , I could not feel anything - not a thing because it 's a wind - tunnel down there , he say it be like the hadron fuck collider and as for my nipple - Jude whip out a boob . we only see Bridget 's horrify reaction . Jude spoon the boob back in . jude ( cont 'd ) do not do it , Bridge , or have it , sell it , and buy a nice new car ... one of that lovely new minis . get out , escape while you can . BRIDGET thanks Jude . you have be - a great help . jude no , thank you . that be good to get off my chest . shoot script . 107 108 she get up to leave and as she turn the corner she see 67 milo , she nine year old boy , throw dart at poppy . Bridget look horrify , and give both of they a haribo . jude ( cont 'd ) let they get on with it , natural selection . int . BRIDGET 's flat . later . the door slam behind a panicked Bridget . 107 she pass she draw pin to the fridge door . she take a pen and cross out Jude 's little cartoon figure . BRIDGET ( v.o ) best avoid ... ext . park bench . day dad and Bridget sit on a bench eat a sandwich . dad you mum be go to be over the moon . BRIDGET you promise not to tell she ? I can not handle that right now . dad I promise . it 's probably for the best in any event . she 's pretty wrap up about whether to hold a referendum over make the a418 a dual carriageway . she think it will bring in a flood of undesirable from ketter . BRIDGET dad , I be sorry . not to know about the father . dad do not be daft , love . I know dozen of people who could have be anybody 's . BRIDGET so you be not - disappointed ? you do not think I belong on Jeremy Kyle ? dad not a bit of it . I be thrilled . he hug she . 108 shoot script . 68 dad ( cont 'd ) actually , still not sure if you be mine or that nice Lieutenant Colonel 's who run the bowl club . BRIDGET dad ! dad only joke , you have get my foot . I have always have very dainty foot . just tell the truth , Bridget . you can never go too far wrong tell the truth . 109 int . gianni' cafe . night . 109 Bridget and Mark stare at each other . gianni and he brother , sergio , smile from the bar area , uncomfortably close to they table . BRIDGET ( v.o ) so there I be . in the split of a eco-condom I have go from carefree - girl - slash - slightly - too-old -single - woman-about -town to mum-to - be with two rather fantastic man in my life , and with no clue about how I be go to tell they the truth . MARK you sound pre-occupy on the phone , not you usual self . be everything ok ... before Bridget can answer a enthusiastic gianni come to the table and interrupt . gianni mister Mark . miss Bridget . I so glad to see you back together . mister Mark she be so miserable when you two parte . Bridget try to brush he off . gianni ( cont ’d ) I mean sooooco miserable . she eat so much pasta . BRIDGET . yes . yes . thanks gianni . gianni and pizza , and chianti , but look miss Bridget now be so good you be fat in a good way , fat with a bambino , not with gnocchi and tiramisu and calamari . now you be eat for two . shoot script . 69 110 110 a Bridget smile . BRIDGET . ah , can not let young balthazar go hungry , or bartholomew . MARK very , notting Hill school gate . I be actually think Jack , after my grandfather . Jack 's a good strong name , you can rely ona Jack . Bridget blanch . BRIDGET . yes , it 's one for the list certainly . MARK we little Jack . gianni raise a glass . gianni here 's to Jack ! be wonderful news Mr. Mark , wonderful . Mark smile proudly . take she hand . MARK it be , gianni . it truly be . Bridget smile , conflict . omitted 110 int . BRIDGET 's flat . night . 110a Bridget be sit prepare she presentation on she laptop . BRIDGET ( v.o. ) hard to concentrate on impending big presentation when all I can think of be how to tell at least one father the truth . Mark be trickier than expect , he just seem so happy ... the buzzer go . a voice come slightly distort through the intercom , Bridget get up to answer . jack ( 0.s. ) hi surprise ! it 's the father of you child ... BRIDGET Jack ? shoot script . 70 jack ha ! who else ? he be buzze up . Bridget open the door . Jack enter , excited , carry two huge bag and the Wellington boot she leave at the festival . BRIDGET you keep it ? jack should we make sure it fit ? Bridget smile . BRIDGET I be not expect to see you . jack I be not expect to come . I be not use to be reject ... twice . but I have be do some think . BRIDGET I hope you have cake in that bag . a excited Jack compose himself . jack Bridget , this baby situation throw I initially . we squash a entire relationship into one night and skip straight to the start a family phase . we never even have a real second date , but just so you know I would have take you to ottolenghi 's , a amazing place in notting Hill . you would have have the grill salmon and pine nut salsa . it 's unbelievable and healthy . he produce takeaway box from inside he bag . jack ( cont 'd ) we would have come back here , have incredible sex and spend the next couple of day send each other filthy text . he get out he phone and press send . Bridget 's phone beep , she pick it up and read it - clearly a filthy text . BRIDGET I would not have let you do that to I on a second date ! jack why not ? you let I do it on we first ... ( more ) shoot script . 71 jack ( cont 'd ) we would then have go on a dirty weekend away to the seaside , I would have be manly and win you a cuddly toy on the pier . he produce a cuddly toy . BRIDGET but I really want the giant scooby doo . jack nobody ever win that , the coconut be glue on . Bridget 's phone beep again - another filthy text . BRIDGET ( flirtatiously ) ok ... as long as you clean up afterwards . unprovoke Jack start shouting . jack you be wilfully misunderstanding I , I do not even know she ! he storm out and slam the door . Bridget look confuse . after a beat he return with some amazing flower that he have hide in the hallway . BRIDGET what be this for ? jack to say ' sorry 's . we have we first fight , I be not flirt with that waitress , she mean nothing to I . Bridget smile . he go out to the hallway again and produce a flat pack Ikea cabinet . jack ( cont 'd ) and I have bring we some swedish furniture to make , because if we can get through that , we can get through anything . Bridget be be sweep off she foot . jack ( cont 'd ) I would find it adorable how you neck go blotchy when you be nervous , and I would know you have be the great possible mother to my child . why do you neck go all blotchy by the way ? Jack take she in he arm , it feel incredibly safe and reassure . shoot script . 72 BRIDGET ( v.o. ) I could have tell he then , of course , but suddenly the possibility of a life of spontaneous takeaway and flat pack furniture seem sort of invite ... bit of a pity to ruin it and we would not want my neck go all blotchy again ... I be go to tell they both tomorrow . definitely . without a shadow of a doubt . 111 int . ante - natal clinic . day . 4 month . 111 Bridget be lie in a darken room on the examination bed , she belly expose as Dr. rawling rub on the conductive gel . dr rawling so this be dad , I presume . please to meet you , I be glad you could be here , this be a unique and wonderful moment . Mark smile proudly . dr rawling ( cont ’d ) back from you many business trip then ? darcy look confuse . Bridget panicky . dr . rawling before we start , would you like to know the sex ? BRIDGET I do not know , I can not decide . MARK maybe we should be prepare ... then ' thump . thump 's . the sound of a heartbeat fill the room . Mark be transfix by the image on the screen . it 's a moment . the tiny miracle of life stretch and squirming . dr rawling so would you like to know , Bridget ? BRIDGET yes please . dr rawling it 's a boy . BRIDGET a boy . MARK a boy . shoot script . 73 112 Bridget and Mark stare at the grainy image lovingly . MARK ( cont 'd ) we boy . Bridget be overcome with happiness and then instantaneously rive with guilt . BRIDGET Mark , I wonder whether you might give we a second . MARK oh right ... of course . Mark exit . BRIDGET Dr rawling , I wonder whether you could do I a little favour ? int . ante - natal clinic . next day . 112 Bridget be lie in a darken room on the examination bed , she belly expose as Dr. rawling rub on the conductive gel . dr . rawling so this be dad . please to meet you , I be glad you could be here , this be a unique and wonderful moment . reveal - Jack smile proudly . dr . rawling ( cont ’d ) so , would you like to know the sex ? BRIDGET ( bad act ) oooh , I be not sure , such a big decision . should we ? should not we ? Dr. rawling do a eye roll . jack I be not sure we should ... Bridget swiftly interrupt , say brightly . BRIDGET actually yes , let 's find out . Dr rawling go through the motion as Jack remain awestruck by the process , transfix by the monitor . dr . rawling it 's a boy . jack a boy . my boy . shoot script . 74 113 114 he 's overwhelm with happiness . BRIDGET ( v.o. ) both man deliriously happy , despite my best intention , I have no idea how I could tell they the truth ... int . hard news office . day . 113 Bridget enter the office and walk towards she desk . angle on : 2 bunch of flower . one card read , '' think of you , best of luck with the presentation . Mark x '' . the other , next to a much bigger bunch , read , '' to my incredible Bridget , think of you both , good luck tomorrow , knock ‘em dead , Jack , xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx '' BRIDGET ( v.o. ) two bunch of flower , one big dilemma . I would tell they once I have my presentation out of the way , I would definitely tell they then . definitely . hundre percent . Alice walk over to Bridget 's desk . alice ah , lovely , pregnant Bridget , how be you feel ... BRIDGET well , thank you it 's very exciting , I ... alice ( totally cut she off ) ahhh , that sound amazing . how 's the presentation look for tomorrow ? BRIDGET excellent , ship shape . I have actually be get help from someone rather brilliant , he 's ... Alice , clearly not listen , march off . int . smaller conference hall . day . 5 month . 114 a crowd wait for the presentation to start . a banner with the word : exposure - crowd - sourcing the News . amongst they , a concerned look Alice and a amused look finch . a nervous Bridget stand , hand - free microphone on . shoot script . 75 BRIDGET from Tokyo to teddington , Hollywood to cricklewood , in a digital age where every cellphone be a camera , we be all broadcaster . Bridget wave she hand in the air , as we have previously see Jack do , and suddenly the checkerboard of screen behind she light up . the image animate with young people on the street of South London , Africa and India . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) ready to interview , interrogate and investigate the global and local news storey that affect we 24 hour a day . Alice be impressed . the room be impressed . at the back of the room , Jack watch , willing she on . and now she 's wave she hand again and the cornucopia of image be swapping . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) from designer jeans ... image of celebrity in jeans all sell they product . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) ...to designer gene . image of ivf twin all talk at once . in the back of the audience , Bridget see Jack , he give she a re-assure smile , gesture for she to slow down . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) we be partner with London media show to rebrand hard News for the digital generation , so that you , we viewer , will be able to use you smart phone to become you own news broadcasting channel . you simply download the new hard News app and broadcast directly to we studio , where miranda be wait for this evening 's live simulcast . behind Bridget , we see miranda , live in the studio , wait to go on air . we see the hard News countdown clock on the screen and then the hard News open titles .... BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) go into the app , hold up you phone and say '' good even miranda '' . Bridget hold up she phone and say '' good even miranda '' . the audience hold up they phone , choruse : '' good even miranda '' . shoot script . 76 on screen behind BRIDGET : we see miranda , live on air at the hard News studios , surround by a abundance of screen and face , include Bridget 's , chant '' good even miranda '' miranda '' good even everyone live at the London media show . miranda continue to introduce the show on air , while Bridget turn back to the conference centre audience . BRIDGET as of now , we be live and we audience be broadcasting . start close to home , 16 year old daryl baine be live at wembley Arena where he 's about to tell we what he think of the jessie J concert . she press a button . behind Bridget , a teenager 's bare bottom appear on a hundre screen . live on national tv , the bare bottom appear behind miranda 's desk . Bridget dive for the exit button . teenager hard News suck ball ! BRIDGET Jesus ! well there 's always one be not there . miranda ( laugh , cover ) ok ... let 's go to the grampian where Adam wollaston be lead a group of venture ranger to the top of Ben Nevis . CUT to - a group of venture ranger all show they bare arse to camera . venture rangers hard News suck ball . adam wollaston who 's the pregnant granny ? BRIDGET ha ! well there 's always two . some technical glitches there , we apology . let 's go to Anthony mathis , a company director who have be attend the gbi conference in Brighton . CUT to - a suite middle age man , ANTHONY mathis , address a phone camera be hold by a friend . ANTHONY it have be a monumental day here at the conference ... shoot script . 77 suddenly , without warning , he spin round , take down he trousers and reveal he bare ass to camera . ANTHONY ( cont 'd ) hard News suck ball ! while miranda cover for the screw up , a flustered Bridget soldier on , try to ignore a fume Alice peabody . a new face appear on the screen behind she . she look up at it . BRIDGET and if you think I be fall for that , you can think again , sir . nobody have any desire to see you bottom . a caption appear on the screen . david cartwright - ceo - London media show we see he face register fury , before a reeling Bridget get rid of he , hurriedly switch screen . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) of course email or tweeting the show could not be easier , simply type in hardnews.co.uk ... at once Jack reach for he cellphone . a tweet pop up jackq1971 - '' excellent new site , hard News as ever at the cut edge '' . Bridget look to Jack who give she a elaborate and morale boost thumb up . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) ah , there we go , a bit more representative . another tweet pop up , markdarce ' can not wait to interact with the number one news show on tv '. BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) ..or search ' hard News 's or simply A. Bridget type ' h’ into the browser , but get distract when she see MARK darcy , there at the back of the audience . oh shit ... she wobble .... BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) because at hard News we believe ... we believe ... hard News be ... ready and on the front line . Bridget collect herself , but she 's leave the h on the screen and all she previous search start with ' h’ display on the massive screen behind she . shoot script . 78 115 BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) ask the question that the world want answer to . on the screen : how can I make my thighs look thinner ? harry style naked . how can I make my boss like I ? how can I get my boss fire ? how can I find out who be the father of my child ? the crowd be mesmerize by the search . Bridget blissfully unaware . she then look behind , see the search . be horrify . int . same . five minute later . 115 Mark make he way over to she . her happiness at see he be significantly tempere by the fact that she can see Jack approach behind . MARK I hope it 's okay I turn up , surprising you . I mean , well do . it be very ... technically adroit ? as he say this Bridget see Jack approach and panic . BRIDGET ( v.o. ) gaaaaah ! she grab the nearest person to she . BRIDGET Mark darcy I have really love you to meet .... she squint at this stranger 's name badge ... BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) ariyaratna Sithamparanathan , ariyaratna be Area manager for dtc technological solution be not you ariyaratna ? both man look perplex as Bridget rush to cut off Jack . she be intercept by Alice peabody ...... alice what the hell be that ? what be you think ? I have 4 voicemail from David cartwright on my phone that I dare not listen to . shoot script . 79 BRIDGET well they say there 's only one thing worse than be talk about ... Bridget be try to extricate herself , but Alice be steadfastly block she way . alice be it that presentation ? BRIDGET Alice , I be so sorry . alice sorry do not cut it , I seriously have to question whether there be a place for you at hard News ... to she horror , she now see ariyaratna intercept he hero , Jack quant and introduce he to Mark darcy . BRIDGET so sorry I really have to ... and she leave a furious Alice hang , mid sentence . MARK Bridget ! this be Jack quant . he 's really rather brilliant . I read this tremendous profile of he in the New Yorker - BRIDGET right , yes . we actually know each other . Jack put he arm round Bridget . jack we sure do ! Mark slightly balk , look confuse . ariyaratna Sithamparanathan be still there . jack ( cont 'd ) why do not you introduce I to this guy earlier ? he 's great , you know he 's represent that punk protest band who be be extradict ? BRIDGET yes . yes I know that too . ariyaratna hi , we meet fleetingly before , I be in charge of the data management for most of daventry . a shell shocked Bridget ignore ariyaratna . shoot script . 80 BRIDGET well , I have to say it 's fantastic that you be get on so well ... because you actually have a lot in common . I feel we should go and discuss somewhere a bit quieter ... jack fantastic . MARK why not ? I book gianni be . ariyaratna great idea . BRIDGET I think you might have to sit this one out , ariyaratna . 116 int . gianni' restaurant . night 116 Mark , Jack and a shell - shocked , silent Bridget be sit at a table . Mark and Jack be get on like a house on fire . gianni , lay the table , be enjoy the conversation too . MARK «+. so you really believe that mathematics can help we - how do you put it in you book - ' analyze human behavior previously invisible to science . 's jack well , it 's a theory . gianni ( but in ) be incredible idea . MARK really ? in my experience emotion have a lot to do with it . a pause . Bridget look uncomfortable . jack my dating algorithm be to help people find love , not necessarily replace it . have you ever try it out ? Bridget laugh nervously . jack ( cont 'd ) you be single right ? MARK well - shoot script . 81 Mark look to Bridget - she smile , even more uncomfortable . gianni , frankly , confuse . MARK ( cont 'd ) I suppose in a way ... yes ... so , how do you two know each other ? Bridget take a deep breath . BRIDGET well ... it 's sort of a funny story , sort of . you see , the thing be , a few month ago on June 4th I meet Jack at a music festival . MARK right . BRIDGET ( interrupt ) we get on very well and sort of have ... relation . gianni back off , pretend not to be listen . gianni dio mio ! MARK oh ... right .. I see ... that 's ... all of a sudden it 's a bit awkward . BRIDGET - and then the follow week , that be to say ... on the 11th June at Jude 's baby christen to be precise , and follow the consumption of quite a lot of alcohol , Mark and i..um.. well .. we have similar ' relation 's . it 's now very awkward . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) and this be the ' funny 's part , I suppose , and why in many way it 's good that we all meet and be get on so well . the thing be that owe to this ' relation 's the result - um - life - form currently reside in my - um - tummy - could in fact be either of yours . I know I should have tell you both before , but I just do not ... you both seem so happy . jack correct I if I be wrong but do you just say that the baby could be either of ours ? shoot script . 82 117 118 Bridget nod . MARK so you have no idea which of we be actually the father ? gianni , wishing he be invisible . BRIDGET I know this be all very confusing . I have make a mess of it and I be sorry , but one thing I be certain of , be , however we choose to do this , the most important thing now be this . she point to she bump . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) ok ? a long pause . jack Bridget , I be not go to pretend this be not a shock , but I just want you to know whatever the circumstance , you be right , the most important thing be the baby , and I be here to support you both . who know this could be a great adventure ? he put he arm around she . MARK ( less convincingly ) I be sorry , you will have to excuse I , I have a meeting . he get up and leave . omitted int . village hall . grafton underwood . day . 117 118 Bridget tentatively inch she way into the back of the hall where mum 's campaign launch be in full swing . all of grafton underwood be present and the room be bedeck with campaign slogan . there be a photographer in the background . mum see Bridget and rush over to greet she . mum I say we bring back National service . shoot script . 83 dad I do not disagree in principle Pam , it 's just I be not sure grafton underwood Parish Council have the power to conscript . mum do not be sarcastic Colin . add it to the minute . dad rush off to talk to speak to a official . mum see Bridget at the back and rush over to greet she . mum ( cont 'd ) ... honestly , we start half a hour ago where have you ... BRIDGET what 's the emergency ? mum the argus want a family portrait . what be you wear ? then she notice Bridget 's bump and stop dead . mum ( cont 'd ) oh my god , Bridget , be you ... Bridget nod , half nervous , half excited . mum 's face light up . mum ( cont 'd ) why do not you say anything ? BRIDGET I be worried you might be angry ... mum why would I be ?... ( the penny drop ) oh no Bridget . who 's the father ? be it Mark 's Bridget , do say it be ? BRIDGET well , yes in a manner of speak , sort of . what I mean be , there be at least a fifty per cent chance . mum a fifty percent chance ? BRIDGET Mark and Jack quant , he 's a american . mum oh no Bridget ... a american ? do you have a three way ? mum 's face drop . she see the photographer head over and she face fill with fear . she see the coat rack , grab a few coat and thrust they at Bridget . shoot script . 84 mum ( cont 'd ) oh no . here , carry this , act as if everything 's fine . BRIDGET what ? everything be fine . as they walk the photographer spot she and want a picture . photographer Mrs. Jones can we ... before Bridget can answer , mum bark . mum here , this be a lovely place for you to stand . she place Bridget behind a counter where she bump be hide . mum frantically start to arrange sandwich and cake in front of the bump to obscure it . BRIDGET what be you do ? be you ashamed of I ? be you hide you first bear grandchild behind a pile of mini quich ? somebody come over to take a mini quiche - mum slap they hand away . mum look , darling it 's just the circumstance , I be run for high office and I be present myself as a paragon of family value , see ? she point to a poster that read ' pamela jone , if you love family and you love value vote pamela jone for family value 's . BRIDGET wait .... still read ... it 's so long ... ( she finish read ) «+ . look , you might not be proud of the circumstance , but at least you can be proud of I . this be not the 1950' . it 's not all nuclear family and 2.4 Children any more . look around you ; mavis enderbury 's daughter be raise 2 kid on she own , una 's son 's a single father , two lesbian have adopt at number 32 . if you do not change the way you look at the world you be not only go to lose you daughter , you be go to lose you precious election as well . she storm off , pause , turn back , grab a handful of mini quich and storm off again . as she march out she pass una who spot she bump . shoot script . 85 119 119a una Bridget , so lovely to see you ... be you ...? BRIDGET ( defiant ) pregnant ? yes . yes I be . una how wonderful ! we think you have just get all fat again . ext . community centre . day . 119 lot of pregnant woman with loving partner go in and out of the entrance . Bridget wait alone and consult she watch nervously . BRIDGET ( v.o ) be suddenly freak in weird social experiment . but why could not this work ? we be all mature , sophisticated adult who want the best for the baby . people might look back and see this as the dawn of a new vanguard of parent . perhaps I be a visionary , ahead of my time . Jack swoops in on he vintage triumph motorbike and dashingly remove he helmet . Bridget look relieved to see he . jack we first ante-natal class . excite stuff , huh ? time CUT to : ext . community centre . moment later 119a Bridget and Jack be about to go in when Bridget see Mark run up the street towards she and she can not help but let out a big smile , he decide to come ! Mark hand she a small paper bag . MARK I bring you a nice tea . BRIDGET thank you . I be glad you come . jack I too , awesome to see you buddy . he grab the tea . shoot script . 86 120 jack ( cont 'd ) there 's a heck of a lot of caffeine hide in that tea . Jack take out a smoothie from he bag and swap it out for the tea . Bridget look slightly horrify by Jack 's hideous look concoction . BRIDGET thank you ... both . shall we go in . jack here , let I carry that for you . he take Bridget 's big handbag from she , she 's genuinely appreciative of the gesture . Mark look put out . MARK right , do you want I to carry you phone for you ? she be also carry a tiny mobile phone . she hand it to he . BRIDGET thank you . int . hall . community centre . later . 120 all the couple sit together in a semi-circle around daisy , a very pretty young woman , who listen with earth - shatter brightness to one particularly lovely couple who be address the group . Bridget , Mark and Jack be the oldest people in the class , and obviously stand out as the only trio in the room . Bridget look anxious and self conscious as the couple all introduce themselves . daisy and who do we have here then ? BRIDGET I be Bridget . this be Mark and this be Jack . daisy ( read she list ) oh lovely ! you be we second same sex couple tonight . everyone clap . a lesbian couple look over and wave . MARK no , actually .... jack ( look at Mark mischieviously ) absolutely , and we just need the gift of a baby to make we complete . shoot script . 87 121 daisy ( look at Bridget ) and you must be ... the surrogate ? Bridget play along , look at Mark and Jack . BRIDGET exactly , just try to make this wonderful couple 's dream come true . daisy well the plan be to take you through some of the basic thing to expect during the birth . to start off , perhaps someone can tell I what sign to look out for that might indicate labour be start ? Jack 's hand shoot up . Daisy point to Jack who leap in . jack early labour will be characterize by mild to moderate contraction , up to thirty to forty - five minute apart , and often , but not always , a rupture of the amniotic membrane . Jack look pleased with himself . Daisy look surprised . Mark speak quietly . MARK right yes , absolutely . of course . I mean , be not this something one would normally leave to the midwife ? jack Mark get nervous about all of this , it 's very new to you be not it , lamb chop ? Mark could not look more uncomfortable . BRIDGET ( v.o. ) like all visionary I would encounter bump along the road , but still have faith in my grand plan . int . swimming pool . night . 121 Jack with a row of dad watch the new mum - to - be include Bridget in the water , mid aqua-ante - natal class . Jack be refer to a pregnancy book . suddenly Mark join they , late and hassle , still in he court clothes . jack ( book in hand ) how would you like to give birth to you placenta ? shoot script . 88 122 123 BRIDGET ( laugh ) quickly ? Water sloshes over Bridget . suddenly she begin to choke , then sink . at once , Jack strip off he clothes , revealing a rippling six pack , and leap in to save she . on Mark , catch he reflection in the window . he look old , tired and grey . int . mark office . chamber . night 122 Mark sit in he office , late at night , read studiously with a glass of wine and takeaway on he desk . his assistant pierce pop he head in . MARK you should leave , I be just go over some of the detail on the Al bashir case . pierce absolutely . I think knowledge of ' problem of breech delivery 's may be crucial in prove the sudanese be use aid money to fund the splm insurgent . reveal : Mark be not look at he brief but instead be study ' the expectant dad 's handbook 's and have other pregnancy / baby book strewn on he desk . he have be bust . MARK when you have Charlie do it all come naturally ? do you know you be go to be a good dad ? Mark , troubled . pierce all the book in the world will not prepare you for what 's about to happen , but for what it 's worth , I think you 'il make a amazing father . pierce leave . int . community centre . day . 123 back at the ante-natal class , all the same people , new week . today the partner be stand behind they wife as Daisy demonstrate massage technique . every woman have one man behind she apart from Bridget , who have Mark and Jack , vie for pole position . shoot script . 89 daisy and of course massage can have many benefit throughout pregnancy , can we name some of they ? Jack 's hand shoot up . jack it can lower stress and promote feel - good hormone . Mark shoot he hand up . MARK and to be safe , it should also be avoid in instance of high -risk pregnancy for example where there be a geriatric mother . Bridget look slightly put out . everybody laugh , Mark look embarrassed . daisy right , excellent , someone 's be read up . let 's put some theory into practice . a super enthusiastic Jack grab Bridget , manoeuvre she into position and take control . daisy ( cont 'd ) take a unclench fist and begin at the nape of you partner 's neck . Jack set about this and Bridget can not help but swoon with pleasure , he 's great at it . Mark stand awkwardly , pathetically , by the side - the only person in the place not either massage or be massage . Daisy spot he . daisy ( cont 'd ) oh , erm ... do you want a go ...? MARK it 's Mark , I think I ’11l probably leave it to Jack , he seem to have it cover . jack ( mischievously ) you be so sweet , that 's why I love you , pumpkin . a huge , lumber , tattooe neanderthal man look over to they and turn to he wife . shoot 124 125 126 126a 126aa 126ab script . 90 neanderthal guy Lovely couple , it 's great that they get to enjoy the miracle of childbirth . omitted 124 omitted 125 omitted 126 int . mark bedroom . day . 126a Mark be on he computer , he appear to be deep in work , but ... reveal : his computer screen show the qwantify website , he have put he detail in and there be picture of he and Bridget and a graphic that read ' compatability 3 % 's . a page come up of suggest match - photo of slightly stern masculine woman who look just like Mark . int . hard news office . day 126aa Bridget be work intently at she desk . she get a pain and reach for she stomach . she look around for help , all the hipster be busy work away at they station wear oversize headphone , oblivious to she . int . court . day . 126ab Mark be address the court . MARK my lady , may I please make a application for leave to appeal in the case of h.m. government and saddiq Al bashir . as you ladyship be no doubt aware , Mr Al bashir lose he case in the court of appeal and he now seek this court leave to appeal on a point of law of public importance , namely , the question of whether permission for the electronic intercept of he phone be lawfully grant by the foreign Secretary . as it stand , the law on intercept warrant lack clarity and on we propose appeal we shall be invite you ladyship 's court to give great definition to the Home Secretary 's power and duty . shoot script . 91 126b 126ba c/u : Mark 's mobile phone vibrate silently by he papers , out of he sight . there be six miss call from Bridget and a group text to Mark and Jack . '' on my way to hospital . stomach pain . worried '' int . hospital room . day 126b Bridget sit on a examination couch in a blue robe . Jack sit next to she . dr rawling gherkin , anchovy , banana juice , pringles ? its the combination that 's do it . any baby would need a nap after that . BRIDGET so essentially ... dr rawling wind . dr . rawling leave . Jack smile reassuringly , put he arm round she . int . hospital waiting room . day . 126 BA Dr. rawling enter the wait room and see Mark darcy at reception . Mark approach Dr. rawling . MARK how 's Bridget ? be everything alright ? Dr. rawling subtly move to block the window and then make Mark face the other way round so that he can not see Jack . dr rawling she 's fine . she 's currently in there with dr... pringle ... as she say this , through the window , they see Jack and Bridget laugh . dr rawling ( cont ’d ) he have a very unique bedside manner , its new technique we be trialling out of Oslo . MARK it 's fine , I know about Jack , but thank you , Doctor . shoot script . 92 dr rawling oh , for heaven 's sake , why do not you tell I before . she 's fine , he 's do very well and calm she down completely . Mark pause a moment , look through the window . 126c int . hospital room . day 126c Bridget and Jack be mid conversation as Mark enter the room . her face light up . BRIDGET hi. MARK I be sorry . I just get you message . I be in court . BRIDGET that 's alright . can not be help . freedom of speech need to be defend . Mark 's phone ring . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) you should take it . it might be work . jack it 's totally fine . I have it cover . MARK yes . I can see that . jack C ’mon buddy , you need to take a chill pill . we have get to do this together . in Peru , the um bat do consider paternity a task to be share among many tribesman . MARK well , unfortunately we um bat don 's T live in Peru , I live in ealing . Bridget look from Mark to Jack . BRIDGET stop it . we be not in the 18th century and this be not pistol at dawn to prove who 's the better man . jack look , the vibe be bad for the baby . let 's go talk it out . shoot script . 93 BRIDGET yes , that would be better . thank you . wo not be a minute ... Jack follow Mark out into the wait room . jack why be you so angry .... 126d omitted 126d 126e int . hospital MAIN reception . day . 126e jack hey buddy why be you so angry ? MARK you know what ? I be really not you buddy , I do not know about vibe or negative energy or prenatal wind and even less about algorithm and automated reason , so I 'il admit that I struggle to understand the law of attraction especially when I apply they to myself . Bridget just defy comprehension generally . but despite , or perhaps owe to , the bewilder litany of catastrophes I have witness over the last forty year , I feel I know she rather well and have spend every one of that year caring for she very deeply . in do so I may be go expressly against my own better judgment but there 's nothing I can do about it . ( cont 'd ) jack do about it ? you could try be around a little instead of save the world by cell phone . I make she feel happy , Mark . MARK and I suppose you algorithm tell you that you and Bridget be destine to be together , do it ? jack actually it do , and the fact that you have be try and fail to make it work with each other for the last ten year should tell you that maybe you be not . this hit Mark hard . Jack relent . shoot script . 94 jack ( cont 'd ) I do not want to fight with you Mark . we need to think about Bridget and the baby , and for better or worse , fate have bring we together . MARK it be not fate . it be condom . a beat . jack what do you mean ? MARK you know that disastrous dolphin friendly thing from the bottom of Bridget 's bag . jack sorry , I be not sure I know what you be talk about . when Bridget and I ... how do I put this ..? I do not dress for the occasion ... a silence while this revelation sink in . jack ( cont 'd ) why do not we calm down and grab a beer ? 126f int . hospital MAIN reception . staircase . day 126f Bridget come down the stair . she see Mark and Jack still argue . BRIDGET ( v.o. ) this be go to be so much harder than I think . if they can not get along now , before the baby 's even here , how be they go to deal with the really big thing , like who get up for the night feed , or whether he can have a iPad for he first birthday , or which granny to spend Christmas with ? so much for the social experiment . 127 int . BRIDGET 's flat . day . 127 Bridget return home to find a letter from Mark . she read ... MARK ( v.o. ) dear Bridget , I be sorry about today . I think you be right when you say the fantasy of we be always better than the reality . what you want I to be and what I be just do not add up . shoot 128 129 130 131 132 script . letter montage int . mark office . day . Mark write the letter . MARK I do realise how difficult I make it for you to love I and it be never my intention to leave you so alone . because in truth there must be something that I have never be able to give you . why else do you go back to .... ext . tate britain . day - flashback 95 128 129 Bridget stand alone on the pavement , clutching she award . at the sound of a car , she look up and smile with delight , as if see someone she know . MARK ( v.o. ) Daniel cleaver . CUT to : Mark darcy , hurry across the pavement . he stop on see Daniel cleaver 's convertible drive off with in the passenger seat . int . BRIDGET 's flat . day . Bridget still read at she flat . tear roll MARK ( v.o. ) it 's alright Bridget . int . pregnancy yoga CLASS . night . Bridget struggle in a pregnancy yoga class . surround by young , nubile pregnant woman . MARK ( v.o. ) I have always make myself believe that we history should lead we to be together . int . mark bedroom . day . close - up on Mark close up a suitcase . MARK ( v.o.cont ’d ) but maybe deep down , despite everything we have share , we be not compatible . Bridget clearly 130 down she face . 131 she 's 132 shoot script . 96 132a 133 133a 134 135 136 137 ext . greenwich park . day 132a Jack and Bridget walk hand in hand . Bridget look distract . omitted 133 int . BRIDGET 's flat . night . 133a Bridget and Jack be together on the sofa watch television . omitted 134 int . airport . day . 135 Mark , distract , at the board gate for khartoum . he make he way towards the plane . MARK ( v.o . ) and now information have come to light that have lead I to believe that my further involvement in this situation be impossible . be assure of my concern for you well - be and some sense of my responsibility in the situation ... int . BRIDGET 's flat . day . 136 Bridget back read the letter . she look at a enclose cheque , indignant . MARK ( v.o. ) a financial contribution would seem to I appropriate . should you have any practical need , you need only alert my office . I wish you every happiness for the future . Mark . the cheque fall to the floor . she walk up to the African chart , zone in on darcy 's name , with tear roll down she cheek . she stroke she bump . end montage int . community centre . night . 137 ante-natal class . just Bridget and Jack - Mark be conspicuous by he absence . daisy ok , take you partner and let 's practice breathe ... no Mark today ? shoot script . 97 138 Bridget shake she head sadly . the neanderthal guy turn to he partner and mutter . neanderthal guy ahhh , shame . they seem so happy ... I be really root for they . ext . greenwich park . day . 138 shazzer sit with Bridget on a bench . in the background Jack be hold shazzer 's child 's attention with he animated retelling of a fairy - tale . shazzer how do you orchestrate such cliff - hanger in you life ? BRIDGET well thanks for that . I have not think of it like that . shazzer I can not believe Mark duck out again . BRIDGET well the last time be not really he fault . shazzer ( look at Jack ) I suppose we better just hope it 's Jack 's , right ?... let 's face it , thing could be worse , he be pretty fuck amazing . Jack hold out a apple , overact as a wick Queen . the child and Tom be enthralled . shazzer 's nose slightly turn up . BRIDGET he definitely seem to be , I do not really know anything about he . shazzer how much do you need to know ? he 's gorgeous , he 's richer than god and have a very nice size puppet . BRIDGET he do , and we match up very well on paper . in some country they just make you marry a boy in the next village because he dad have a nice horse , and that marriage seem to work . shazzer exactly ... and he 's certainly enthusiastic . shoot script . 98 shazzer say this like it 's a negative . Jack be now juggling the apple , the child be rapt . BRIDGET ( pensive ) right . I suppose he be . shazzer I mean , it 's difficult , but you just have to ask ' can I see myself grow old with he 's ? send the kid off to school , teach they how to swim , how to drive they first yacht ? Bridget laugh . BRIDGET how do I know ? I do not know anything about he , he may wear sock with sandal when he go on holiday . what happen then ? shazzer for that ? divorce . but you have to have faith . nobody know what life have in store . you know , look at I and fergus . when we meet he have a record deal and exciting plan , I have the great career in journalism . now I and the kid be off next week accompany he on a tour of pub back room in the Shetland Islands , live in a fuck camper van . I be just say when it come down to it , when you be stick hold the baby and it 's pissing with rain , be that the man you want to be in a camper van with ? BRIDGET I suppose he be a billionaire , so it will be a fuck nice camper van . Jack rush over and take a cupcake out of Bridget 's hand and replace it with the apple . jack watch that blood pressure Bridge . let 's go with nature 's candy . right little fella ? he talk into Bridget 's belly . shazzer slightly raise she eyebrow . she turn to Bridget . shazzer I be sorry I be not go to be here , Bridge . shoot script . 99 139 139a 140 int . BRIDGET 's flat . kitchen . day . 139 Bridget cross shazzer off the African family chart . ext . STREET . day . 139 a a pensive Bridget , look a bit breezier be walk along a street , shopping for the baby . BRIDGET ( v.o. ) shazzer be right , I have land on my foot , with a amazing man who be happy to be with I . he tick every box . the only thing that be go to get in the way of this be I ... int . BRIDGET 's flat . spare room . day . 140 Jack 's be decorate Bridget 's spare room for the nursery -— a half - finish , black and white pattern on one wall . Bridget , shopping bag in hand , enter the room to find Jack painting . she stop for a while , silently watch he . jack oh , hey ! for the first few month they can only see black and white . this will stimulate he spatial awareness . BRIDGET right . it 's actually make I feel a bit sick . jack so much better than the float pizza . reveal - Bridget have be painting on the other wall . BRIDGET they be teddy bear . but thank you . jack well my Mom put Captain caveman wallpaper on my wall when I be a baby . you can imagine how much that traumatize I . he start to do the voice ... he stop , no recognition . there be a moment of silence . BRIDGET I buy he one of that bouncy chair , I be not even sure where we be go to put it . shoot script . 100 jack yeah , about that . it 's kind of cramped in here , do not you think ? BRIDGET cosy . Jack pause , ready himself for something big . jack I be think , maybe it might be nice if we move in together ? this hit Bridget hard . BRIDGET do you think we be ready for that ? jack of course . I be tired of live in hotel room , and airport lounge . we could be a family , you , I , he . what do you say ? there be a long beat - Bridget try to make sense of thing . BRIDGET what if it be not yours ? jack what ? BRIDGET what if the baby turn out to be Mark 's ? what will you do then ? he pause a moment too long . jack I mean , obviously that would change thing ... BRIDGET I see . there be a very long beat . jack and be that what you want ? for it to be Mark 's ? this time Bridget pause a moment too long . BRIDGET I do not know what I want . Jack take a deep breath . jack be you in love with he ? shoot script . 101 BRIDGET I have be . jack and I ? BRIDGET I do not know ... I could be , one day . jack Bridget , I have not be entirely honest . Bridget look at he . jack ( cont 'd ) Mark think the baby be not he . I let he believe it be mine ... that 's why he disappear . BRIDGET why would he think that ? jack because I let he . you blind - sided I Bridget , with the chance to have a family . I do not want to lose you . we can be good for each other . ninety seven per cent , remember . she drop she bag . BRIDGET yes , on paper , and we might even be have a baby together , but fall in love do not happen on paper . sometimes it do not make any sense at all . sometimes you love a person for all the way they be not like you . sometimes you just love a person because they feel like home . she look at he , in shock and confusion . she pick up she phone . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) I need to find mark. ( into phone ) pierce ? it 's Bridget . I be try to get hold of Mark . she listen , then look hopeful . 141 ext . borough market . day . 141 a heavily pregnant Bridget ' run 's through the market . shoot script . 102 142 143 144 144a 145 146 147 ext . southwark bridge . day . 142 Bridget cross southwark Bridge . ext . mark house . day . 143 Bridget , breathless , turn the corner to see a taxi pull up . Mark get out with he suitcase . Bridget , about to call out , when she see he front door open and camilla wait to greet he . she watch as they hug . ext . london street . day . 144 chasing pavement by Adele play . Bridget march back towards she house , still reeling from what she 's see . she step off the curb , not look when a car screech to a halt . beeeeeeeeeep . Bridget step back and look down to she bump . it 's a wake up moment . BRIDGET ( v.o . ) and that be the moment I decide to stop . stop try ... '' +..to force everything to be like everyone think it should be . like I think it should be . omitted 144a int . BRIDGET 's flat . later . 145 Bridget come in exhaust . she slump down on a chair . BRIDGET ( v.o . ) it be back to the wall , I and my sweet little lovely baby , and I be bloody well go to make it work . Bridget walk over to the African Village draw , and cross out Jack , then darcy . BRIDGET Fucking african . what do they know ? ext . STREET . evening . 7 month . 146 it 's Christmas . Bridget , now 7 month pregnant , sadly drag a Christmas tree on she own to she apartment . ext . mum and dad' house . day 147 a bedraggle and miserable Bridget arrive in front of the house . shoot script . 103 148 take the place of Christmas decoration be a ' pamela Jones for councillor 's campaign banner , that dad be in the process of hang . he spot Bridget . dad ah , you be here . be you ok ? he give she a huge hug - just what she need . int . mum and dad 's house . day 148 she enter - take stock of the party , be clearly surprised . dad mum 's throw a combine Christmas party stroke political rally . it 's like the g8 summit in there , but with pig in blanket . mum spot Bridget and rush across eye wide with excitement . BRIDGET I be sorry , I do not realise everybody would be here , I do not want to derail you campaign , I can just sneak upstairs . mum nonsense . look una have all the leaflet and poster re-print , you have inspire I . the slogan on the wall now read ... ' tolerance be not a four letter word , but prejudice be a four letter word . 's ' pamela Jones - support single mother , minority , the majority of homosexual , italian . 's BRIDGET wait , still read , still so long . mum you be right darling as it turn out , this place be teeming with single mother , single father , bisexual , surrogates and they be all lovely and so normal . Bridget smile . mum ( cont 'd ) family value be not just about two marry parent anymore , Bridget . I have even get two homosexual on the team . Jeffrey and Graham wave . shoot script . 104 149 mum ( cont 'd ) who know ? una everybody . mum I be very proud of you darling , you know that ? what you be do be not easy , but if anyone can make it work it 's you . that child be the luckiest boy on earth to have you as he mum . he will have all the support , protection and love of a million father as long as you be by he side . Bridget melt . just what she need . dad look across and smile warmly at she . mum ( cont 'd ) now come on , we have get some campaigning to do . mum grab Bridget and start escort she through the crowd . mum ( cont 'd ) make way ! make Way ! pregnant single mother come through . int . ante natal room . day . 149 Bridget , minus the two man , at a scan . Dr rawling give she a understanding smile . dr rawling eight week to go . Bridget muster a half heart smile . Dr rawling detect the sadness . dr rawling ( cont ’d ) you do not need they , you know . all they be really useful for be fitting car seat and blame thing on . they just get in the way . you can do this on you own you know . I do . next time I see you , we will be in the delivery room . Bridget smile . the baby 's image appear on screen . Bridget , spellbound , by the fully - form little be . she look to she belly . the camera follow she gaze and continue inside as the baby move around , grow . a life form all on its own . CUT to : shoot script . 105 150 151 152 153 154 int . BRIDGET 's flat . london . 7 week later . ( 36 week ) 150 Bridget , she bump now bigger , struggle to load the laundry . she pour alpen muesli into the wash machine . she start scoop out the alpen ; a phenomenal mess . int . baby 's room . night . 151 Bridget defiantly paint over Jack 's graphic mural . int . BRIDGET 's flat . night . 152 back in the kitchen Bridget pour milk into the wash machine compartment and start eat the alpen . int . hard news studio . corridor . day . 153 in another West wing scenario , a heavily pregnant Bridget be now waddling down the corridor with she researcher not so much in tow as walk incredibly slowly to match the ponderous Bridget . BRIDGET we need to give six minute to lu tong , it 's a huge scoop . LAURA Alice want to pull the interview , she have a feature on ' be the world really end on Tuesday ? 's BRIDGET lu tong be pull over my dead body . this be a news show ... wait a second . she have to stop she West wing walk for a little rest - she be totally out of breath . CUT to : int . hard news studio . reception . night . 154 a harry and breathless Bridget bustles in to the chaotic reception area . she look around and spot a burmese man wear a uniform . BRIDGET sorry , it 's chaos here today , but thank you for come on . we be on live in two minute , miranda will probably want to start with what 's happen in naypyidaw ... the Studio Guest try to speak but Bridget hurry he along . shoot script . 106 155 156 157 int . gallery . hard news studio . night . 155 Bridget sit in the gallery . the new -look , crowd - source news show be in play . up on screen appear a poonani member at a press conference on the street . poonani member this be a great victory for free speech . we must thank one person who be prepare to fight for we when no one else would , and we say to that person with all we heart ... on screen : the poonani girl lift up they t-shirt in unison revealing we love you MARK darcy , qc scrawle across they bare breast . the crowd roar . the camera swing to Mark darcy smile awkwardly . the screen , now bear Mark darcy 's image , freeze . Bridget distract . her assistant nudge she . BRIDGET ( bark into microphone ) miranda , you be back on General lu tong . keep press he . this could make the front page , peabody ! richard finch he 's on the rack , tight on three , get that bead of sweat . int . hard news studio . night . 156 miranda be interview the guest . miranda I ’‘1l ask you again , General lu tong will you take responsibility for the human rights abuse perpetrate by you government ? guest I be sorry I can not answer that . int . hard news studio . gallery . night . 157 Bridget be triumphant . she shout into the earpiece . BRIDGET ha ! can not or will not , lu tong ? reveal - Alice peabody have sneak in behind with a angry look , very dignify and smartly dress man . shoot script . 107 alice on balance I would suggest ' can not 's consider I just find General lu tong in the lobby , and he chauffeur be currently live on air answer question about burmese human rights violation . good job ! 158 int . hard news studio . boardroom . next day . 158 Alice sit at she desk opposite Richard and Bridget . the front page of the newspaper read '' so long lu tong ! '' . richard it 's actually illegal to fire somebody for be pregnant . alice I be not fire she for be pregnant . I be fire she for gross incompetency . richard finch Bridget 's the beat heart of this show , why would you fire she ? alice how about for interview a chauffeur instead of a General , publicly insulting the ceo of the London media show , use a tv interview to determine if a guest might be the father of she child and be responsible for broadcast of 36 bare arse . BRIDGET it 's okay Richard . I be go to quit anyway . ( to Alice ) believe it or not , I be it like you when I start here , a bit chunkier maybe , and with less make up . I be go to make my mark too . but I can not be part of you '' re-brand '' . I have not get the right haircut , and I do not drink my cocktail out of jam jar or put photo of my lunch on instagram . it might be old fashioned to want to make something worthwhile but I would rather be old fashioned and unemployed than be part of a show that celebrate the inane . Alice and she acolyte look at each other , shocked . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) maybe when my son be old enough to understand , integrity will be fashionable again . good luck and goodbye . shoot script . 108 159 159a 160 at the door , one of Alice 's hipster assistant hand she a box contain she belonging . she walk out . int . BRIDGET 's flat . day . 159 Bridget arrive home , exhaust . BRIDGET oh , dear . what have I do ? she open the fridge . nothing . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) it 's all very well fight for you principle when there 's no food in the fridge . wearily , she head back out . int . MARK ’'s house . bedroom . day 159a Mark be search in a drawer and find the old reindeer jumper . int . morrison 's supermarket . evening . 160 Bridget struggle with she shopping , queue for the checkout . shopper be it a boy or a girl ? BRIDGET it 's a boy . shopper when 's it due ? BRIDGET two week , more or less , I think ! just as she get to the checkout the cashier go on she break . Bridget 's long queue shuffles over to the next till . cashier be it a boy or a girl ? BRIDGET Boy . cashier when 's it due ? BRIDGET um , two week , we think . as the cashier ring up Bridget 's purchase , another shopper come up and stare at Bridget 's bump . shoot script . 109 160 a 161 shopper 2 be it - BRIDGET Boy . two week . cashier ( talk to the next cashier ) do you read about the woman in Italy who have a baby when she be sixty - five ? ( turn to Bridget ) that will be £ 40.67 please . enter you pin . Bridget put she card in machine , she go blank . BRIDGET I have forget it . oh , god. the other customer in the queue be get restive . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) I ’'1l pay with cash . she fumble in she purse , and manage to rustle up £ 29.60 . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) I ' 1l put something back . she start to hand back some of the item , one by one , reluctantly . the unhealthy one first . the cashier de -scan they until the total be down to £ 27.60 . at the last minute Bridget defiantly take back a carton of Ben and Jerry 's bring the total up to £ 23.10 . Bridget march out triumphantly pass a lady who be enter the shop . ext . MARK 's house . day . 160a Mark be load suitcase into a cab . camilla exit the house . they both get into the car and drive off . int . high STREET bank . day . 161 Bridget be at a ATM in one of that bank lobby , she 's still try to remember she pin as she attempt to get cash . BRIDGET ( mumble ) birthday ? incorrect pin flash . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) Battle of hastings ?... first shag ?..... incorrect pin flash and the machine swallow the card . shoot 161a 161b 162 162a 163 164 script . 110 BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) oh fuck it ! Bridget shuffles out . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) ( to she tummy ) oh , my darling , I have go all crap all of a sudden . ext / int . heathrow airport . same time . day . 161a Mark and he wife enter the airport with the suitcase . they pause at the departure board . ext . high STREET bank . day 161b it start to rain very hard . Bridget suddenly realize , as the glass door close , that she have leave all of she shopping inside the bank . BRIDGET oh ! oh - come on , let 's just get home . omitted 162 int . airport . same time . day . 162a Mark be help camilla at the check - in desk . he turn around , just in time to see : Tom and eduardo , emerge into arrival carry they little boy . Tom stroke he head . eduardo fuss with the buggy . Mark watch this scene . he smile . he think . unbeknownst , camilla 's observe he . omitted 163 ext . BRIDGET 's flat . day . 164 the rain be ease off . Bridget feel in she bag for she key . she become increasingly agitate . BRIDGET oh , no ! please no . no key . no phone . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) oh , no ! I have leave they inside ! oh , fuckity fuckity fuckity fuck fuck . ( to she tummy ) sorry . shoot script . 111 165 she press all the other buzzer . no answer ... she slump , utterly defeat . she look just like a crumpled old street -dweller . BRIDGET ( v.o. ) I be so sorry , little bean . everything that I need to call someone for help be in my bag , and I be just too exhaust to go back and get it . I bet someone 's already tucking into my Ben and Jerry 's right now . I suppose I could call Jude or shazzer , but I can not remember they number this day , and it 's probably bath time , bed time , or story time , or some other inconvenient time . and Tom 's get my spare , but he 's on he way back from ecuador , so that 's no use to we . hmm , I wonder if gianni 's be open ? I will just sit here for a little rest while I come up with a plan . she close she eye , start to drift off . ext . BRIDGET 's flat . - transition to night 165 she come to , look up and think she 's imagine .... MARK darcy come round the corner . she watch he as he approach . he get near to she and then .... dip he hand in he pocket and give she a tenner . he then ring Bridget 's door bell . BRIDGET hey ! MARK Bridget ? my god . what be you do there ? you be all wet . you be outside ! he kneel down , help she up . BRIDGET I lock myself out . I lose my phone ... and my key ... and my credit card . like a bloody idiot . he put he coat round she . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) what be you do here ? MARK it seem I can never , ever leave this street . shoot script . 112 BRIDGET but I think you be back with candida . MARK you know very well she 's call camilla ... BRIDGET camilla . I come round to find you and she be there . MARK she be come to collect she thing . she 's go back to the hague . without a beat he wrap he scarf around he hand and punch the glass of the front door , before let himself in . 166 int . BRIDGET 's flat . night . 166 they be both now inside the flat , Bridget still reeling . Mark take Bridget in he arm . MARK look you know I find emotional declaration .... difficult , but the truth be ... ( a beat ) Bridget ? BRIDGET mmm ? MARK why be my trousers all warm ? BRIDGET oh !! oh !! fuck ! my water must have break ! MARK Jesus Christ ! BRIDGET I be so sorry . i’1ll get a cloth ! MARK no , no . it do not matter . but you be not due for another two or three week at least . a contraction . she wince . BRIDGET ooh ! and that 's a contraction . shoot script . 113 MARK and we be ruling out '' braxton hick '' which tend to be longer and non - rhythmic in nature ... BRIDGET yes we bloody be . I think we should go to the hospital , quickly . suddenly the mood be all urgent action whilst try to maintain calm . MARK absolutely ! BRIDGET we will go in you car . MARK I come in a cab . BRIDGET ( contraction ) oh for fuck 's sake ! MARK well how be I suppose to know !? BRIDGET not you - the contraction ! MARK we will take you car . BRIDGET can not , the key be in my bag along with everything else . she let out a scream . MARK right . ok . you just pant and breathe and relax and count . that 's what you be suppose to do , right ? darcy 's phone start to ring . will he answer ? BRIDGET 41 , 42 , 43 , 44 ... should you get that ? it might be work . Mark march over to the window and in a dramatic gesture , go to throw the phone out . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) do not ! but he throw it out triumphantly . he 's prove himself . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) great ! but we need to get a cab . shoot script . 114 MARK oh shit ... can I borrow a phone ? she throw he the house phone . he start to dial . MARK ( cont 'd ) where 's you overnight bag ? BRIDGET «+. 48 ... 49 ... over there . MARK hi there . a cab from 7a stonier Street . a great suite of immense luggage . MARK ( cont 'd ) good God , Bridget , it 's a overnight bag , do you really need - BRIDGET do not shout at I ! I have lose count now . 48 - 49 - ( another contraction ) ohhhhhhhhh ! MARK Jesus ! BRIDGET I be sorry but it 's painful . MARK no , not you . 45 minute for a cab , apparently it 's gridlock . BRIDGET what do we do ? Mark look out of the window and see gianni 's pizza van . MARK we will work something out . I x11 carry the bag . and we should call Jack . 167 int . gianni 's pizza delivery van . night . 167 Bridget and Mark be in gianni 's pizza delivery van . Bridget be in some pain now . gianni do not worry miss Bridget , we get you there ... no traffic this time of night . the van stop . Mark look confuse . shoot script . 115 167a 168 gianni ( cont ’d ) a quattro stagione and margherita with onion and pineapple for number 17 . gianni hand 3 pizza to Mark , he realize it 's futile to argue and rush out . gianni turn to a panting Bridget . gianni ( cont ’d ) who have pineapple and onion - some people they a-crazy . Mark return from he delivery and the van move off again . gianni ( cont ’d ) dio mio ! it 's like rush hour , Mr Mark . the van stop again . CUT to : int / ext gianni 's pizza delivery van . night . 167a all three in gianni 's van . he be try to avoid the traffic . he do a 3 - point turn and then go uphill . CUT to : ext . london street . night . 168 the road be indeed gridlock and Bridget be in real pain . BRIDGET this be really happen , I be go to be a mother , Mark . have I leave it too late ...? before Mark can answer gianni pipe up . gianni do not worry about the age , there be a woman in my country , she be 65 when she ... BRIDGET yes ! I know ! they hit traffic again and come to a stand still . gianni be unbelievable , be a bloody woman 's rights march . you know I be a big fan of woman 's rights .. and they left . yes Mr Mark ? you get it , they left ? I talk about they booby . shoot script . 116 MARK oh Christ , it 's that infernal woman . CUT to : hundred of incense chant woman on bicycle with placard block the street . back in the cab : MARK ( cont 'd ) BRIDGET hold my hand - squeeze my 17 , 18 , 19 , 20 , 21 - hand , hard as you like - not long now - stay calm -— actually , not too hard . BRIDGET 22 , 23 , 24 , 25 - they be come quick - oh my god we need to get there . gianni honk repeatedly on the horn . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) right . we be get out . you ready ? and they step out into the street . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) I do not think I can walk . MARK there 's no need . i’1ll carry you . gianni I come behind with bag Mr Mark . and there 's a great rush of romantic music as , in true Officer and gentleman -style , Mark lift she into he arm . BRIDGET I must be very heavy . MARK nonsense , I do not feel a thing ! jump CUT to ten yard later . gasp , red-face , double over , Mark can not go one step further . MARK ( cont 'd ) good God , Bridget , you be immense ! BRIDGET I can not help it ! MARK I think my lung 's collapse , but this be not about I . shoot script . 117 169 170 171 BRIDGET contraction 's start again ! I be go to have the baby in the street ! MARK okay , we will walk for ten , rest for ten . and he haul Bridget on towards the hospital . ext . street near hospital . night . 169 Mark be still carry she . almost on he knee ... when Jack , on he motorcycle , screech to a halt . he get off . jack I will take it from here ! darcy hand Bridget over to Jack . he try to carry she . jack ( cont 'd ) Holy shit - I think this be a two man job . ext / int . hospital . labour unit . night . 170 Mark and Jack carry Bridget in through the door . a midwife run up with a wheelchair . midwife which of you be the father ? Mark and Jack step forward . MARK / jack ( in unison ) I be . the mid-wife look confuse , but usher they into the delivery room . int . hospital . birthing room . night . 171 Bridget be on she hand and knee on the birthing bed . Mark and Jack simultaneously rub she back . two midwive busy themselves prepare the equipment . dr rawling enter the room and look from jack to MARK , and smile knowingly . dr rawling ah , I be wonder how many father we might get today - full house ! bingo ! ( calm ) ok Bridget , how be we go to do this ? epidural ? shoot script . 118 jack you can do this , a positive mental attitude be stronger than any drug , think away the pain . BRIDGET bollock to that . I want everything - gas , air , injection , morphine - jack Bridget ... remember you yoga . BRIDGET fuck yoga ! dr rawling could not agree more . it 's suppose to be relax but I spend my entire time worried that I be go to let out a fart . now , let I have a look at that cervix of yours . she lift up Bridget 's gown and Jack can not help but get a look at the ' action area 's . he look queasy . a blood curdle scream come from the woman give birth in the room next door . dr rawling ( cont ’d ) oh , good ! close on Bridget 's relief . dr rawling ( cont ’d ) you be already at six centimetre so you can not have any drug at all . BRIDGET what ? dr rawling you be too far on . oooh another contraction . Bridget wince in excruciate pain . Jack and Mark wince as Bridget wince . dr rawling ( cont ’d ) ( to Jack and Mark ) I be not sure there be much to gain from you be at the coal face , if I be honest . my ex-husband say it be like watch he favourite pub burn down . another huge scream . midwife maybe dad should go and fetch mum a cool flannel . Mark and Jack look confuse , unsure which of they should go , there be a bit of awkwardness then Mark go to get it . shoot script . 119 Mark return with a cool flannel in he hand , Jack grab it from he and place it on Bridget 's forehead , leave Mark floundering and annoyed . MARK Bu ... jack you can do this , just think the pain away . as Jack get closer , gently implore she to manage the pain , she lift she fist and punch he hard in the face , knock he down . jack ( cont 'd ) motherfucker ! MARK just think the pain away ... Jack nurse he bleed nose . BRIDGET get out ! both of you ! unwill to infuriate she more , the man share a look and both go to leave . BRIDGET continued make it stop , make the pain stop . ( to the depart man ) where be you go ? both man be at the door , look at each other and turn round , sheepishly make they way back towards the bed . BRIDGET it 's too painful ! I can not do this I just can not . CUT to : later Bridget let out a blood curdle scream , she be clearly in huge pain . both man simultaneously put out they hand for support , but as she scream , just as the pain appear that it might be too much and face with the choice of the two man in she life , impulsively , instinctively , she reach for ... MARK . Jack see this and realize that Bridget have make she choice . as Bridget cling to Mark , the two man share a look . Jack give a conciliatory and defeat nod then quietly , graciously , withdraw from the room . oblivious to this , Bridget continue to squeeze Mark 's hand with superhuman might . he swallow he anguish and put he face in front of Bridget so she can see he . shoot script . Mark nod . 120 MARK you can ! you can do it , Bridget ! and we can do it together . BRIDGET really ? MARK look at what life 's throw at you already . as he talk , Bridget grab he arm and start to bite into it - it 's clearly extraordinarily painful , but Mark just grit he tooth register . and talk through the agony , barely let it MARK ( cont 'd ) Christmas jumper , massive pants , cheating boyfriend and repress man who do not deserve you . you have turn disaster into triumph with you sheer joyful , infectious , indefatigable lust for life , time after time in succession . you have manage you pregnancy almost entirely alone whilst have to deal with two juvenile man , a lunatic mother and ... p... p... poonani ! he finally say it ! she bite down harder . Mark conceal the pain . MARK ( cont 'd ) this be just the last few moment and at the end of they , you will see you beautiful baby ! BRIDGET and what if the baby be not yours ? what if he 's Jack 's ? MARK ( no hesitation ) then I will love he anyway . just like I love you , just the way you be ; the way you be ; and - no doubt - the way you always will be ... Bridget look at Mark through the red haze . he 's make sense . then the next pain be upon she and she bow she head to it . she take she tooth out of he now bloody arm , teethmark apparent . he turn he back to she and let out a massive silent scream . shoot script . 121 172 dr rawling you should probably go and get that see to . i’1ll handle it from here . she usher he out . dr rawling ( cont ’d ) honestly ... ' think the pain away ’... absolute nonsense , you be squeezing out another human , I would love to see they ' think it away 's . you be do brilliantly , Bridget and you be nearly there - BRIDGET I can not - dr rawling ( firm ) yes , you can actually , and I think you know it . int . grafton underwood village hall . night . 172 it 's the night of the election , and the recount have go on late into the night . mum be on stage , next to all the other candidate , await the result . una stand next to she . una the result be in . a formal look official clutching a piece of paper approach the microphone . mum - tense then brace herself . official with three hundred and sixty -six of the vote , mavis rita enderbury .... dad pamela - dad fight he way to the stage , phone in hand . official with three hundred and sixty - seven of the vote ... mum what ? dad darling , it 's Bridget . official pamela Margaret Jones . mum not now , Colin . shoot script . 122 173 174 dad it 's about the baby . official lady and gentleman , I hereby declare that the say pamela Margaret Jones be duly elect ... mum lean over to whisper in he ear . the mic pick it up . mum I be so sorry , you will have to excuse I . we be about to become a grandmother ! there be cheer from she supporter and she scurries off the stage , push una forward as she go . mum ( cont 'd ) I ' 1l leave you in the capable hand of my deputy , una . mum and dad rush out of the hall , leave the official and other candidate totally confuse . int . hard news studio . night . 173 miranda be finish up present the programme . miranda and that 's all for this late night special edition of hard News ... she look up at the control room and Richard finch be fist pump the air . he shout into he headset . miranda ( cont 'd ) except to say , Bridget Jones be in labour . Alice peabody let out a small , but discernible , smile . int . hospital . labour unit . early morning . 174 the injure man sit next to each other , head between hand , slump , exhaust , both bandage from they Bridget - induce wound . jack she 's pretty amazing , be not she ? MARK formidable , always have be . jack listen , I owe you a apology . I know I have not behave very well in all this . shoot script . 123 174a 175 176 MARK it 's okay . CUT to : later 174a it 's early morning after what have clearly be a long night . Jack and Mark be fast asleep in the wait room chair . Jack 's head rest on Mark 's shoulder . suddenly there be a huge cry like a great lion 's roar . they wake up with a start , and whirl round to look at the door . second later , the mewl of a new-born babe . int . hospital . birthing room . early morning . 175 Bridget be on the bed . the midwife be stand beside she and Dr rawling watch on , happy . the sudden cessation of pain have flood she body with endorphin and she be in a blissful state . in she arm , a naked baby , still attach to the umbilical cord , yell lustily . Bridget look up at the haggard face before she . BRIDGET we do it ! say hello to we beautiful boy ! Jack embrace Mark and kiss he . Mark almost kiss he back , then stop himself . Mark rush to Bridget 's side and for a moment they both look down at the mite in she arm , the perfect , everyday miracle . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) let 's tell everyone . MARK why do not you tell they yourself , they be all here . he open the door and Jude , shazzer and Tom pop they head in blow kiss and congratulate she . Bridget smile at they , so happy . int . hospital . labour unit . BRIDGET 's room . day . 176 Bridget cradle the baby , who be now wash and swaddle and quite simply the most beautiful thing ever . one by one , the friend rush in . close on Jude . shoot script . 124 jude so sorry , I be late Bridge , some lesbian be have a stupid all night march . MARK actually they be march in aid of freedom of speech , it 's a rather important ... shazzer rush in . shazzer Bridge - I can not believe I be not here - there 's some unbelievably annoying march ... BRIDGET do not worry . I would only have punch you as well . MARK actually , the march be rather ... Tom rush in . tom can I be godfather ? BRIDGET I be depend on you . they all clasp hand tightly . the vignette be interrupt by a loud speech . mum ( 0.s. ) Bridget Jones ! my daughter ! she 's my daughter ! where be she ? the thunder of blue heel as mum approach . she be ushere in . everyone else draw back . mum ( cont 'd ) so sorry we do not get here on time , there be some march for woman 's rights . honestly , do we really need any more rights ? mum , tearful and overjoy all at once , kiss Bridget wherever she can get at she . BRIDGET meet you grandson , mum . mum grandson ! my grandson ! say hello to new Parish councillor Jones . Bridget beam at they both . shoot script . 125 177 178 mum ( cont 'd ) oh - the darling ! he look so like - oh . not that it matter , but do we know who daddy be yet ? everyone turn to look at the man - Mark with a blood - bolter bandage on he forearm and Jack , not look rich at all with a wodge of loo - paper up he nostril . Dr. rawling bend a finger at the two of they . dr . rawling come along , you two . time for a little test , so exciting , it 's like the final of X factor . phone in add a 01 for Mark or a 02 if you want it to be Jack . Mark and Jack look at each other . they shake hand . MARK good luck . jack ( gravely ) and to you , my friend . close on Bridget - still high on she endorphin , regard Mark with love and Jack with affection . back on the man as they turn to she - freeze on they face . over this , the sound of a baby 's laugh . the best sound in the world , in fact . it laugh and laugh . a caption come up : one year later . omitted 177 int . church . day . 178 Bridget Jones , finally a bride , enter at the back of the church on dad 's arm , smile , nervous . she walk down the aisle pass miranda , Richard , the friend , una , mum , dad and other friend and relative . Bridget arrive at the altar . Jack step forward . jack ( to Bridget ) you look beautiful . she smile . Jack step aside - to reveal - Mark darcy . MARK we be really do this . on the congregation smile , happy . shoot script . 126 178a 179 BRIDGET there 's no go back now . minister we be gather here to celebrate the union of Bridget Rose Jones and Mark fitzwilliam darcy . Bridget and Mark stand together , hold hand . CUT to : minister ( cont 'd ) I now pronounce you husband and wife . Bridget and Mark kiss . omitted 178a ext . wedding reception . day . 179 a laugh William be throw high into the brightest , bluest sky . laugh , giggle , hysterical , idyllic . y what 's that , higher ? and he throw the laugh boy even higher . X ( 0.s. ) y , what be you do with my son ? X and Bridget approach hand in hand - y do not leave I alone with he again . I have no idea what I be do . BRIDGET come on . we will be late for lunch . the two man lift the baby up and join Bridget . she take the baby and give he a big smacker . BRIDGET ( cont 'd ) alright then , William xx x. hashtagletsdothis ! Bridget take a moment to survey the scene . it be a motley crew and no mistake . she watch as X walk ahead , chat animatedly with y. BRIDGET ( v.o. ) dear Diary , and so I Bridget Jones be a singleton no more ... marry ? yes. finally . smug ? maybe just a little . shoot script . 127 Bridget swipe a glass of champagne , knock it back . on a nearby park bench , a newspaper flap in the breeze . the newspaper headline read : '' airplane found in BUSH one year later . publishing playboy miraculously alive '' . a photograph show a bearded Daniel cleaver stand surround by several gorgeous aboriginal woman . the end .