bright angel screenplay by on y Richard Ford revised 2 nd draft une > blue page 6/29/89 ~~ pink page 7/6/89 -~ fade in : ext . duck marsh - dawn jack russell and he 18 - year - old son , GEORGE , crouch in a makeshift cattail blind . roosting duck be drop into the marsh . on the water float a arrangement of duck decoy which have lure the duck to the pond . in the blind , Jack hold a long - barrel , semi-automatic shotgun . George man a seal - beam car- light hook to a portable car battery . the light be not yet shine . Jack peek through at the duck while George keep he head down , check and retwist the connection to the battery . it 's mid - June on the northern Montana hi-line , and it 's chilly as the sky barely lighten eastward . the duck : settle and the marsh go quiet . Jack , in the blind , take _a long , deep breath , squeeze off the safety of he shotgun , regards he son beside hin . jack shine , George . shine now . George click the crude switch on the car-light and the yellow beam stream out onto the marsh surface through the cattail . the duck be there , all of they on the water , completely expose and not yet alarmed by the light . Jack stand and begin shoot down on the water with the shotgun , methodical shoot , not fast , but gauge to cover as much of the water as he can . most of the duck be hit sit in the water , but some fall just as they begin to lift off . Jack shoot , in all , eleven time . on the water after the last gun blast , there be 54 duck dead or die . jack ( quietly ) well . there 's that . GEORGE yessir . . jack a lot of ‘em . a lot of ‘em that time . good work on the light , George . you be steady as a rock . Jack and George begin to wade into the marsh to collect the ' @uck float there . ext . rural meat locker / slaughter house ~ early morning Jack drive he truck up to a local meat locker / slaughter house , honk he horn . the locker owner walk out while George grab sack of duck from under a tarp in the truck cab . Jack stay behind the wheel . ( continued ) pink page 7/6/89 2 continued : locker owner ( to Jack ) how many ? jack forty -three mallard . . mostly greenrhead . locker owner do you see any game warden out there ? jack ( sarcastic , smile ) saw a hundred of ‘em . they just do not see I . the locker owner begin to count out cash from he pocket into Jack 's hand . George see the transaction as he walk with the sack toward the slaughterhouse . locker owner ( count ) how 's the railroad , Jack ? jack mean and lean . pay 's regular . 3 omitted 4 int . / ext . grain elevator / broadview - afternoon George finish a hot , airless job clean the inside of a elevator which have just be emptied . he be sweaty and dusty . he exit , go inside a airless little washroom , wash he hand and face . he exit the silo , start walk toward town . 5 ext . polar bar / broadview afternoon George cross street and enter polar bar . sunburst be a tiny , grain - elevator town build on the great Northern railway , twenty mile south of the alberta border . 6 int . polar bar - afternoon the room be convivial and people by a few farmer and railroad crewmen , a country bar with a few poker , keno ( continued ) pink page 7/6/89 continued : 6 machine , high school football schedule tack to the back bar wall . Jack sit at the bar smoking a cigarette over he beer and whiskey . he be a railroad brakeman , 44 , a tough , soft - speak man whose life have drop he in a place he might not have plan , but that he 's make accommodation for . he 's mildly drunk . George load nickel into one of the poker machine against the wall , hit the button , while one of the older bar habitue , slightly drunk watch he from the nert , machine , * bar habitue * Ace George ! . Jesus you can not : win this game . this game 's rig against you . you better quit . ( laugh . ) . George give the machine a hard shove and a kick . he turn , glance at he father at the bar . a man - -a fellow railroader -- be huddle with Jack , talk seriously . they conversation can not be hear . the man put he arm on Jack 's back , say another ardent word , then walk out of the bar . George turn away from the poker machine and walk to where Jack be sit at the bar . Jack be moody , as if he 's hear bad news . GEORGE what 's happen ? the bartender drift past Jack 's empty glass . bartender ready for another one , Jack ? jack ( ignore he , to George ) let 's get out of the bar . okay ? I save back three quacker . [ 711 grill ‘em . do something different . surprise you mother . GEORGE ( uneasy ) good . that 'il make she happy . ( continued ) 6 continued : Jack take a painful pinch of George 's belly , use he hard grip . jack you can not box on dead leg . you gonna make you weight ? - GEORGE I think so . jack it would actually be nice to come ina little over . that 's the way you win . GEORGE ( patiently ) ica not . you can not do that anymore . claude phillip enter the bar and motion to George from the door . Claude be 19 , dark , black - haire and good - look , a full - blooded blackfeet indian who look more Latin than indian . he 's a wild boy , already sophisticated with girl , whereas George be less savvy , more home - turn but restless for some kind of action . claude ( to George ) . come here . I wanna show you something . George walk to he father , who 's obviously on he mind . GEORGE I be , uh , go outside with Claude just for a minute . i/ 11 be right back . Jack look skeptically across the bar at Claude . jack do not fuck around . okay . I be not stayin’ long . GEORGE I will not . i-promise . : Jack make a pistol gesture at Claude , who smile roguishly back . he and George exit . pink page 7/6/89 7 ext . broadview STREET - late afternoon 7 something be clearly up with Claude . he 's in high spirit . they walk , hurry toward Claude 's car , a ' 72 chevy junker , which be across the street . claude get in the car with I , asshole . GEORGE what be it ? claude sherman 's get a woman with he out at the motel , which be typical . he dead -headed she in from havre last night . . now he want out of it . so who do he call ? his son . I be go to get he out of it . it oughta be funny . I guess you do not want to see it , though . GEORGE I will see it . I have like to have a look at it . they enter the car . 8 int . car - late afternoon . 8 Claude produce a half - pint vodka bottle from under the visor , and they each take a drink . claude sherman forget where he hide it . Claude laugh , take a drink , give the bottle over to George . : . GEORGE ( laugh ) rocket fuel ! claude Fire up you missile . they drive out of town . 9 ext . sonic motel - late afternoon 9 the sonic Motel be a little cottage camp with 6 unit and a skinny gravel lot . Claude drive in behind the pickup and honk he horn . George look at the office cabin . ( continued ) ) C ) continued : a woman -- the manager -- be stand in the doorway watch . a 7 - year- old child be play in front of the office in the dust . after a moment , the cabin door open and sherman phillip step outside , close the door behind he and walk to Claude 's car . sie . GEORGE what do you mother think about this ? claude she marry a gash hound . here come the great lady 's man . the big indian . Claude revs the engine . sherman be a large , dark indian with a big , tight belly . he wear glass and be in he sock and have on a long -sleeve white shirt . his hair be tie in a long ponytail . claude ( cont ’d ) clear conscience be no conscience . sherman you two be drunk as monkey . claude no , we be not drunk at all . sherman I have get to get home right now . hazel think I be still in havre . ; claude maybe you be . maybe we be all in havre . what 's she name ? . George look and see a woman look out shermari 's cabin window . sherman ~ . Lucy . she 's a nice girl . she 's a canadian . claude that 's probably why she like you . maybe she ’1ll like I . sherman I be go to bring she out here . claude be she go to be my present from you ? ( continued ) continued : sherman suddenly reach through the window , catch . Claude 's hair in the back and twist it . sherman be wear a big silver and turquoise ring that dig at Claude 's scalp . sherman you be not funny . you be a couple - of cluck . sherman drag Claude out of the car . sherman ( cont ’d ) okay . 1/11 just break you goddamn arm . : sherman speak intently to Claude out of George 's earshot . George look at the motel manager who go back inside . finally , sherman turn Claude loose and walk back to the cabin . Claude come and flounce into the open doorway of the car . claude so. fuck hin . GEORGE what be we do ? claude I be take she off somewhere . he 's tell she he 's go to meet she some place later , but he be not . and I be just get rid of she . maybe I all kill she . that 's what Indians be suppose to do , right ? what else be available ? sherman emerge again , walk to the car and stuff some money into Claude 's shirt pocket . sherman this be shut - up money . so shut up . ( look in at George ) you can shut up , too , George . go the hell home , in fact . sherman motion toward the cabin door . the screen open and a young woman . step out . this be Lucy . she 's wear sunglass , a sundress and carry a small suitcase . she 's thin and of a age that could be 15 or 25 , but obviously nobody 's pushover . she come to the car look sullen . sherman ( to Lucy ) so , all right now . this be Claude . ( more ) ( continued ) 9 continued : sherman ( cont ’d ) _ he 's my son . this be he close friend , George , who 's not go with you . Claude 's go to take you to get something to eat . this be Lucy . i‘1l be back in a hour or two . sherman ( gruffly ) let she get in , Claude . claude she do not want to go with we . _ sherman yes , she do . sherman take Claude 's arm and urge he out . and iook in the back seat . lucy ( arrogantly ) I be not get in that back seat . there be not any seat back there . GEORGE let she in front . sherman get in the front . watch out . Lucy lean Claude reluctantly get all the way out and Lucy crawl into the middle of the seat , put she suitcase Lucy ( smile at George ) hello . GEORGE hello . sherman do not cause I any fuck trouble , or 1 /11 break you up . in the back . he turn immediately and start back toward the cabin . Claude get in the car and the three of they sit in the front seat without speak . Lucy I be hungry . spend some of that money on I . be a big shot . ( continued ) 9 continued : claude {still furious ) I do not give a shit if you be hungry . Lucy . you be a real odd match for father and son . you do not look like each other . claude who do I look like ? Lucy some Greek . maybe you mother . claude where 's she now ? my mother . Lucy wherever you live . at home , I guess . you want I to guess ? claude ( darkly ) no . she 's dead . be that my father 's glass ? wmucy he give they to I . if that be you father . do you want they back ? i GEORGE be you divorced ? Lucy . I be not old enough . I be not even marry . , GEORGE how old be you ? locy twenty . sixteen . how do they sound ? you might be criminal . ( smile at George ) how old do I look ? claude eight . or maybe a hundred . Lucy let 's eat something . ( continued ) 10 12 pink page 7/6/89 continued : Claude jump on the motor , spew gravel all the way out of the parking lot and whirling off toward town . int . car - moving / sroadview - late afternoon Lucy remove she sunglass for the first time . she reach and turn on the radio , stare imperturbably at Claude and George . musak commence in the form of the Ray coniff choir sing " April in Paris " . Claude turn the radio up full blast and drive . ext . broadview - pre-dusk as Claude 's car make a run through sunburst and past the polar bar , Jack be walk across Main Street , weaving very slightly , head toward he truck . he recognize Claude 's car and wave they down and come to the window . jack what have you rob ? GEORGE nothing . jack you rob something . you have take on .a new accomplice . GEORGE . we be go to ride down to great Falls . jack you be not . you be come home with I . we have get some duck to clean . George look at Lucy and at Claude . he want to stay , but . lack the choice . he pop the door open , climb out . GEORGE ( frustrated ) okay . Lucy ( flirt ) we will miss you . Lucy slide over to occupy George 's empty space by the window . Claude be silent , stare ahead . : ( continued ) 10 11 * il 12 continued : jack come on , son . you do not know what I be save you from . locy yes he do . she pull the door close . Claude revs the chevy again and head off out of town , into the night . int . car - dusk on the drive home , George drive and Jack drink out of he own pint bottle from under the seat . he and George both take a drink . Jack be somber , unsettle . jack who 's that with Claude ? you two into some trouble ? GEORGE nothing Claude can not handle . they drive . jack ( wearily ) boy-oh -boy . you know , georgie , you George take a drink , then hold the whiske ! let it trickle hotly down he throat . mother say something to I once I have never forget . she say , " nobody die of a break heart . " this be somewhat before you be bear . we be live down in casper still then . we have have some big blow - up , and that be the idea she have . I do not know why . I do not know why I think of it . ( shake he head , drink ) have a drink , son . something oughta be good in life . bottle back . jack ( cont ’d ) what do you worry about , George ? do you worry about giris ? do you worry about you future sex life ? be that some of it ? GEORGE I do not worry about that . ( continued ) y in he mouth , George hand the 11 . 11 12 12 13 12 . continued : 12 jack ; well , what then ? what else be there ? George sit up straight and enfold the steering wheel in he arm . - GEORGE I worry if you be go to die pefore I do . or if mother be . that worry I , that 's all . jack : if I be you I 'or worry we might not . thing pass too fast in you life , George . do not worry about that . ( a beat ) just stop here . just a second . just stop . George slow the truck , then stop in the road between wheat field . he cut the light and the engine . Jack roll down he window and put he face out , listen . - jack ( cont ’d ) I just want to listen now , George . just listen . I do not know . you have to do that . I like that . Jack listen . George try to listen without know what he 's listen to . Jack be just gather himself for whatever 's next . tack ( cont ’d ) . ( suddenly satisfied ) let 's go . let 's go home the back way . int . car - night they drive on toward home from the alternate direction . sitting in the field beyond the windbreak olive tree be a unidentified car . a pontiac hardtop . jack well . there 's a car . be not it ? they drive into the house yard . the house be a prairie farmhouse , white - frame and dormer , with a front porch . major , a black labrador retriever , walk out of the quonset barn and stand in the headlight . ( continued ) 13 13 14 13 . continued : 13 Jack be clearly suspicious , as though he 's know what to be suspicious about before now . George be nervous . sack ( cont ’d ) let 's see what 's happen here . Jack open the car door and get out . int . kitchen ~ night 14 George and Jack enter from the mud-room step . a tall , young man , woody , who be maybe 29 , stand behind the kitchen . table . he 's dress nicely in beige , pleate pants and a floral shirt with the short sleeve neatly roll , partly disclose a tattoo . he have wavy blond hair comb back on the side . Woody be a stranger and seem not intend to be find . Woody keep he eye on Jack . a glass of whiskey sit on the table . Jack look around the kitchen ... jack ( flatly , but charge ) hello . woody ( edgy , but unafraid ) hello . jack what 's you name ? wwoody Woody . sack ( seemingly amused ) Woody . where 's aileen -- I mean -- where 's Mrs. Russell , Woody ? I - guess you be not robbing my house , be you ? woody no. ( a beat ) upstair . I think she go upstairs . jack ( smile ) : good . that 's a good place . Jack walk toward the stair , which be in the hali , then turn to George . ( continued ) q ee ) 14 15 14 . continued : 14 jack ( cont 'd ) . georgie , you and Woody step outside and wait on I . just stay there and I 'il come out . a phone begin to ring . - aileen ( 0.8 . who 's that ? ( ? jack it 's I . it 's Jack . he disappear up the stair to confront he wife as the phone . continue to ring . George stare at the phone , which be on a table beside the stair . he seem to want to answer it , but do not . GEORGE ( quietly ) let 's just go outside . woody all right . they step toward the door . ext . house / car yard - dark 15 George and Woody step outside into the car yard and stand wait beside the house . Woody shuffles foot - to-foot . it be not at all clear why he do not leave while he have the chance . though he 's a nullity -- he effect on the world be only chaotic and he behavior random . Woody smoke a cigarette as they stand , and it 's not possible to see that he 's wear cheap black and white shoe . woody I like it out here . nothing to bother you . I bet you could see Chicago if the world be flat . the great Plains commence here . GEORGE I do not know . woody do you play football ? GEORGE no . ( continued ) 15 1s . continued : 15 woody ; I have be drink . but I be not drunk now . jack ( inside ) that 's a real joke ! find you : goddamn suitcase . just find it ! Inside , a drawer open and slam shut . George look anxiously at the house . he see aileen then Jack pass by the upstairs window , argue . Woody seem not to notice . they hear a plane fly overhead . woody I once pass my brother in the Los Angeles airport , you know , and do not even recognize he . he recognize I , though . of course he say , '' hey , bro , be you mad at I , or what ? " I be not mad at he . we both have to laugh . George eye Woody with both suspicion and interest . a pause open . woody ( cont ’d ) do you know you mother be marry before ? GEORGE yes , I know that . woody ( smile , knowingly ) it happen to all of they , now . they can not wait to get divorced . GEORGE . . I guess so . Jack suddenly come out of the house with aileen behind hin . aileen be carry a suitcase . she be a handsome , young - look woman , 42 year old . she stop at the top of the back step , look grave . Jack be coldly furious and look shake . he walk straight up to Woody , come close enough for they clothing to touch . aileen give George a guard half -smile . jack ( softly ) what do - you do for a live ? woody I be in the Air Force . ( continued ) 15 continued : jack be this you day off , then ? woody no. jack what 's the matter with you ? do not you understand something ? Jack take a big revolver out of he coat pocket and put it under Woody 's chin . Woody 's face rise , but he arm stay at he side . : jack ( cont 'd ) I do not know what to do with you . I do not have any idea . I just do not . Jack pull the hammer back and raise the gun higher under Woody 's chin . for a long moment no one say a word . aileen ( calmly , finally ) Jack , let 's stop now . let 's just stop . Jack look into Woody 's face , he tooth gritt together . jack you be crazy , be not you ? you be a goddamn crazy man . be you in iove with she , too ? be you ? say you love she so I can blow you fuck brain in the sky . . woody all right . no . it 's all right . . aileen he do not love I , Jack . for God 's sake . Jack turn and glare at aileen , keep the gun under Woody 's chin . jack ( shout ) you be leave ! that 's why you be pack . get out . go on . aileen you be not make I leave , sweetheart . I be just leave . ( more ) ( continued ) 15 fawn page seus ue 17 aileen ( cont 'd ) 1d George have to be at work in the morning . she mouth silently , but very intently to George : aileen you do what you father tell you to . aileen walk off the step , round the corner of the house and disappear into the ark . Woody 's car door open and shut audibly . Jack return he attention to Woody . jack I have like to think of some way to hurt you . I feel helpless about it . ( pause ) you think I be a fool ? : woody no. jack where be you from ? woody Chicago . a suburb of there . jack ( intensely ) be you parent alive ? Jack push the gun harder under Woody 's chin . woody yes . yes , sir . jack toe bad they have to know what you be . I bet they both wish you be dead , though ... somebody else 'il have to kill you . I do not want to have to think about you . ( lower the gun ) I guess that 's it . Jack just stand perfectly still in front of Woody , the gun at he side . Woody say nothing . he wait a awful moment , then step back , look at George , then quickly follow where aileen have go . Jack look at George helplessly . jack ( cont ’d ) do this seem stupid to you ? all this yell and go nut ? I would not blame you . you should not even see this . I do not know what to do now . ( continued ) 15 16 pink page 7/6/89 18 . - continued : : 15 GEORGE ( sympathetically ) it 'il be all right . George walk out to the road . he stand , watch Woody back the car out of the field . the car stop a moment while Woody and aileen sit in the car seat and have a animated conversation George can not hear . it be only clear they be not argue . when the car move off , aileen turn and wave at he through the back window , then Woody drive away down the road into the cold night . int . kitchen - night 16 Jack have mix himself a drink and now furiously put together sandwich for the both of they . he 's on the edge and try to stay sane . the pistol be lie on the table . George put it into a kitchen drawer . jack so . what do you think ? GEORGE you could have be more limited , maybe . maybe you should not have have she leave . . jack that 's one version . okay . that be a mistake . she should still be here , I guess . this be not she usual , GEORGE you could probably go find ner . we could do that . jack ( sarcastic ) where would you lock ? GEORGE I do not know . maybe in the café .. jack that 's probably exactly where she be or will be soon . I think I /11 eat first , though , if that 's okay ? I make you dinner here . do you want to eat ? GEORGE I 'il eat . ( continued ) 16 17 18 19 19 , continued : / 16 jack ( unexpectedly ) wait a minute . wash you hand first . you have get dirt on you hand . I be you father , I oughta be able to do something for you . - should not I ? GEORGE sure . Jack move George by he shirt sleeve to the old - fashioned high ~ faucet sink , turn on the hot tap , push George 's hand under and begin to soap they fiercely . George flinch from the . painful water , but he father 's hand be in it , too , and he submit . jack harsh word be all alike , George . you can make ‘em up . they all mean the same thing . - GEORGE what 's that ? jack they mean ... Jack quit wash George 's hand , wipe he own on he pants . '' jack ( cont ’d ) they mean , " what about I ? " that 's all . you understand ? that 's all it be . just I . int . live room - night 17 at 10:00 p.m. , Jack sleep -- pass out on the couch with the television play . George enter , turn off the tv , then leave the house through the kitchen . omitted 18 ext . town / drive through - night 19 George drive through town . train car be be shuttle on the track . he park in front of the light sunburst . cafe . C ) 20 . 20 int . cafe - night 20 George walk inside . two railroad switchmen sit at a table drink coffee . the proprietress , a woman in she fifty , sit on a stool back of the counter , chat with then . first switchman George . what trouble be you in ? George sit at the end of the counter . GEORGE I '' just on the loose . first switchman ( grin lewdly ) loosey goosey . second switchman ( smirk ) you know what you find when you be on the loose , do not you , George ? GEORGE uh-uh . second switchman I be not go the spoil it for you . he mutter the punchline of the joke to he friend , then they laugh . GEORGE ( to the proprietress ) I will drink a pepsi . proprietress ( bring the pepsi can ) how 's you mom , George ? GEORGE ( shyly ) she 's fine . proprietress she roll by here tonight . I think she be try to run you down . or you dad , one . GEORGE she find I . do she say where she be go ? proprietress nope , nope , nope . do not . ( continued ) w) 20 21 . continued : 20 outside a car pull up . Lucy and Claude get out . Lucy and Claude enter . she be carry she suitcase and still wear sherman 's sunglass in the middle of the night . they each seem bored with the other . Lucy look at George curiously . Claude immediately head for the back where there 's a restroom sign . claude ( privately ) I get to piss so bad I could cry . Lucy set she bag down three stool away from George and take a seat . Lucy ( to George ) you forget something ? GEORGE yeah . I forget to stay out of town . where would you and Claude go ? Lucy ( sarcastically ) oh , we have a wonderful time . you would not believe the place we go or the thing . great fail , Montana . that 's a nice place . I be glad I get to see that . ( a beat , then to proprietress ) I '' like a coffee , please . ( smile at proprietress ) Indians be just bump in the road , if you ask I , frankly . GEORGE do you get something to eat ? . Lucy I have a buffalo- chip burger , which be wonderful . I forget what it have . GEORGE have you see a pontiac hardtop drive through town ? Lucy I have not be pay . much attention to pass car . GEORGE where be you guy go ? ( continued ) 20 continued : 22 . 20 uey : I be riding the bus in the morning , I guess . look like what ’s-his -name 's old man have a engagement he forget about . be this place open all night , I hope ? . GEORGE it clese when the midnight yard crew get off . Lucy ( grimly ) . lucky I . why do not you take I home with you ? GEORGE you would not be very comfortable . Lucy you would not be , you mean . GEORGE where be you go on the bus ? lucy casper , Wyoming , where I already should have be two day ago if I be worth anything , which apparently I be not . GEORGE what 's down there ? lucy my brother 's in jail down there . GEORGE that sound nice . Lucy do not it ? we be all very happy for he . let 's go to another " Jeopardy " category , okay ? GEORGE I have a aunt in casper ... George turn on he stool and look at he car . GEORGE ( cont ’d ) '' my mother 's sister . ( continued ) 23 . 20 continued : : 20 oo Lucy maybe I x11 see she when I be there . you have any message for she ? GEORGE you want I to drive you ? - George be without outward expression but have surprised himself by the offer . Lucy look at he dismissively , then @rink she coffee . Lucy ( softly , skeptical ) uh-huh . " GEORGE I be serious . Lucy ( half - believe ) how far be it ? GEORGE can not be that far . I do not have to '' ~~ work tomorrow . you pay for gas . Lucy ( sharply ) I have get money . . Claude come out the door at the back . he 's in good for spirit . he think he 's get rid of Lucy and be ready for high - jinx . claude this young lady 's riding the ole blue-doggy tonight . she have a date with fate in the great state * of ... Wyoming . GEORGE I be drive she down there . Claude grin widely . he look at George then at Lucy . claude how long be I go ? Lucy ~~ Long as you attention span . a Lucy finish she coffee and pay for it . George stand . . ( continued ) pink page 7/6/89 continued : GEORGE I do not have anything to wait on . claude ( suddenly ) I be go , too . lucy ( tired of he ) why ? claude ( eye sparkling ) the new and the strange . the quick and the dead . : Lucy ( regard Claude ) this be the last vestige of life as we know it . they leave the cafe into the street . ext . sruadview STREET - night GEORGE get in my mother 's car , I have aot to a0 over here and leave . a note for somebody . lucy who be it , you wife ? George run across the street to the switch yard show - up shack . int . show - up shack - night a single bulb light this tiny , dark room . George be — laboriously write a note in pencil . just as he finish , lucy enter and meanly snatch the note . Lucy you write you memoir in here ? vead aloud ) " dear dad , " that 's nice . " I be fine , but I be just go to take a drive . " of Wyoming . " do not worry about I . I be fine " you say that once . " and will be home pretty soon . I will not drop any weight . " you worried about lose weight ? ( continued ) 22 23 continued : GEORGE ( annoyed ) let I have it back . she hand it to he and leave . put it in Jack 's dark cubbyhole the shack . ext./ int . car , broadview = night Lucy wait in the front seat , Claude look in the back of claude see what you old lady pink page 7/6/89 George fold the note and in the shack , then exit the car as Lucy and geor9 ? arrive . *s get back here ? here 's a fishing rod . a six - pack , a pair of blue jeans . here 's he reach into a small bag ana toss article from it , include a diaphragm case , into the front seat . Lucy casually open the diaphragm cas - GEORGE why do not you leave that stuff alone ? claude here 's some lipstick . to guess what else be Claude laugh raucously . Lucy ( to George ) where 's you mom , now ? GEORGE I do not want back here . where 's she suppose to be ? that must . be where she be . Lucy display the diaphragm deri claude what 's that thing ? Lucy sively . that 's a thing the dentist give you to make you keep you be we go to drive , go to sit here and mouth open . or be we hallucinate ? ( continued ) 25 . 22 23 23 24 continued : GEORGE ( upset , but determine we be drive out of here . George begin to drive off as Lucy toss the diaphragm out the window . int . car - drive - night pink page 7/6/89 , the dash and the radio light illuminate the front seat . Claude sleep off he drunk . Lucy sit by the window , erect and focus on what 's happen to she . she smoke a cigarette . the radio play softly . George drive . Lucy ( absently ) what do you father do on railroad ? GEORGE brakeman . Lucy be he go all the time ? GEORGE ( ignore the question what do you old man do ? lucy ( harden ) . he 's a american . the ) he leave Farmer . to avoid the draft and get very lucky to marry my mother . they get everything through inherita ! nce from she family . not that they be rich . they be conservative now , of course . GEORGE what be you do with sherman ? Lucy fhe chief ? he 's a long sto leave . ry . best she think about it , then decide to tell it . lucy ( cont ’d ) I be in the rendezvous bar in havre , Montana , where I be young to get in . I have hitch with this gorilla- trucker , somehow pass from view . ( more ) too ed down and he 23 24 24 7 of ~ '' '' ~~ : 25 a a continued : Lucy ( cont ’d ) and here be Chief sherman , come on like the mounties . yah . all of which explain why I be here with you . and ... ( refer to Claude , sighing . that idiot . sigh. ( a beat ) you get in odd situation . I GEORGE hear that . Lucy reflect a moment . Lucy and yah , yah , ) - the Chief , you know . sherman . he 's not so bad . you certainly wouldn 's think he have sit in the dark in the middle of the night and pray in a motel . would you ? but he do . laid there and listen to hin . they drive on . ext . all - night truck stop - night at a all - night truck stop on interstat : across a gravel lot be a j and a occasional customer summery dark . lucy emerge from the lady suitcase , run she £ 1 : pump gas . raise himself once , look around . t I e 90 , after midnight . uke joint where car be park float out into the still , room with she nger through she hair . George Claude be asleep in the back seat , though he on the floor of the front seat . Lucy Lucy set she suitcase . I have like to take a bath and I can not do it in a washroom sink . GEORGE you must be dirty . claude oraise himself again ) where be this , Chicago ? I oughta a@rive . we be go the wrong way . Lucy get in the car and Claude cri next to she . George finish pump , get be awl into the front seat in back . ( continued ) 27 . 24 25 25 26 270 pink page 7/6/89 28 ... continued : 25 Lucy ( to George ) you can have a beauty sleep . claude ( resentful of they rapport ) George be a indian , sweetheart . he do not need sleep . do not you think he 's probably a sioux ? I do . you be a sioux , George . this be all it take to be one . they let I decide that thing . lucy he 's nicer than you be , at this stage . he 's not a asshole . : claude he all say anything to get on you pretty side , though . wo not you , George ? do not get he piss off , though . uh- oh. Lucy you be the odd couple , be not you ? ( stare out ) what 's the fun out here ? that must be a well - keep secret . claude you be it . you be we reward for be able to put up with you . Lucy good luck with that party . you would dn hetter alone , would not you ? claude be with you be like be alone . they pull out with Claude drive . int. / ext . car drive - night 26 George lie back on the seat . George eye Claude in the rearview . Lucy rest she head against the cool window . Claude drive , watch George in the mirror . Lucy sleep . ext . river side - morning 27 |. George sit in the warm sunlight on the grass below aileen 's ( continued ) 27 pink page 7/6/89 continued : : 27 car watch Lucy undress at the edge of the small clear - flow river . the car door be open and the radio be play softly . a six - pack of beer sit in the grass along with some junk - food sack , some still full . tlucy 's suitcase be open beside she , as if she be alone in a bathroom . Claude rig up the fishing rod from the back seat . claude you will have to look real close if you want to see anything . George watch Lucy intently . it isa gift to he that he 's about to see she undress . she turn , naked now , to see George watch she . Lucy have a good look . I have gota brother , remember ? ( step into the cold water ) oh , shit ! Claude walk off down the river bank 20 yard and begin turn up rock for pait . Lucy stand in the stream , dip water up onto she arm , underarm and across she chest . she have a small bar of motel soap in she palm and use it sparingly . Lucy + ( to George ) which way 's north ? I like to stay orient . George glance at the sun and point west without speak . Lucy ( cont ‘d ) you get a. clothespin on you tongue ? she continue dip water onto herself as though to taunt he with herself . down the bank , Claude find something he like for bait , rig up a hook and cast he line into a slow - move eddy . he be skillful and seem confident of catch a fish . Lucy ( cont ’d ) : do you ever have the dream that somebody you know . be lead you into a river and just when you be knee - deep you step into a hole and fall under ? and you jump in you sleep it scare you 50 much ? GEORGE I have have that . when I be little . ( continued ) pink page 7/6/89 30 Lucy 27 - be you a man now ? be T suppose to think that now that we be out here ? GEORGE it do not matter what you think . she imeel demurely into the water , cup she hand and raise water to she face . Lucy ( dripping ) I think a bath would do you good . I do not think he 's ever have a bath . GEORGE do you think you parent ever lie to you ? locy do somebody lie to you ? GEORGE not that I know of . Lucy I hope mine lie to I . TI would not want to know all the shit they know , would you ? GEORGE sure . I want to kmow it . Lucy finish she bath , walk out of the water and kneel in front of she suitcase , realize a tiny bit of modesty . she put on a long flannel shirt , a man 's size . she stand and walk up the grass bank to where George sit . Lucy : I want to get in the sunlight . it 's warmer up here . I think I '1l have a warm beer . she take a beer out of the six - pack and sit on the grass beside he . on the radio a weather forecast for central Wyoming be audible . rain be forecast . weather man say good - bye to sunshine , east central Wyoming ! Lucy ( softly , to herself } good-bye , good - bye , say good - bye . she extend she leg into the morning sumlight . she be make conversation and watch Claude finagle a big fish . claude all right ! here 's a fish . Lucy he 's a fool , you know . GEORGE he 's not a fool . he 's smart . you just would not want to be he . he would not want to be you either . Claude shout again in delight . ( conttnued } xm with ) 27 continued : she turn wucy ( carelessly ) okay - 1 ' m-too-hard - buddy . ( a beat ) and I do not mind for on-him -he 's ~ your= eeling lonely out here . though I do not know why I think I have get time to just lie here like this . GEORGE that 's you pusiness , I guess . wucy do you have a girlfriend ? GEORGE no . locy ( impatient ) then tell I what you have do that 's shameful . you already know something about I , even though I have do worse . toward hin provocatively . claud ! ee ( wench the fish ) I see he now . this be a fish ! you have to see this son of a bitch ! GEORGE nothing . I have not do anything . Lucy ( confidently ) lying . that 's shameful . you lie because you be ashamed . there be not any out to this . GEORGE you be not ashamed of anything , be you ? icy yes . Ian . I be ashamed of leave home without say anything to anybody . and I '' ashamed of spend the night with sherman in that motel . that 's just two day of thing . ( continued ) 31 . 27 pink page 7/6/89 32 27 27 GEORGE that will go away by tomorrow . Lucy it will all go away . Claude jerk the fish up onto the bank . he whoops with enthusiasm . GEORGE ( softly ) my mother take off recently , and I be glad about it . I be ashamed of that . Lucy that 's a shameful lie , right there . she 's probably happy , anyway . Lucy be clearly move by George 's admission , and sympathetic to he predicament . she pull closer to he , look up , but at a loss for how to sympathize correctly . she take off she sunglass and look up at George . Lucy ( cont 'd ) why do not you just kiss I ? just for a minute . George look down at Claude , who 's drag a big whitefish up onto the bank . Lucy ( cont 'd ) I do not care . let he see we . she reach up and kiss George hard , first with she lip seal , then with she lip parte . lucy ( cont 'd ) just do that . kiss I back . I like that . : George put both arm around Lucy and kiss she awkwardly . claude ( shout , watch they ) you be both drunk ! you be both fuck drunk . Lucy do not act jealously . at Claude 's foot be a large , gasp fish . claude I be down here fishing . come look at this . this be a great fish . , Lucy pull away from George , sit up and stare coldly at Claude . George be disorient . ( continued ) 27 pink page 7/6/89 continued : Lucy ( suddenly ) let 's see he poor fish . then maybe we can get out of here . she stand and walk barefoot down to where Claude be stand over he fish . George follow after she reluctantly . Lucy look down at the big , silvery fish , its gill rise and subside in the grass . claude . ( enthusiastically ) be not it lively ? it 's a whitefish . they be good to eat . Lucy what a surprise that must be for : the fish . everything just go crazy at once . I wonder what it think ? claude Fish do not think . he kneel beside the fish , hold a long clasp knife , and try to take the hock out with a deat turn of he knife blade , but in do it he cause the fish to twist in he grasp and the knife to jab he palm . he drop the knife , wring he hand , then suck the cut . claude ( cont ’d ) ( hand in he mouth ) son of a bitch thing ! Fucking fish be dangerous . Lucy be that the indian way of fishing ? Claude glare at she in a fury . he seem move to strike she and it be a moment of fierce tension . claude ( hatefully ) okay . it 's you fish . you deo something with it . I do not want the fuck thing . Lucy look at the fish and by some inner grasp - on - purpose seem to relax . Lucy okay . ( reach forward ) let I have that knife . ( continued ) 33 . 27 % + of 27 continued : Claude pick up the knife and extend it , but as she reach for it , he jab it at she . claude you might kill I if I give this to you . - Claude look at George , try to be amused . Lucy I be go to put this poor fish out of its misery . claude okay . do it . he hand Lucy the knife . she merely lean over and confidently push the knife -- not without resistance - — straight through the fish 's side , behind the gill . the fish max a noise in its throat . Lucy then raise the whole contraption - ~knife and fish together -- and sling it out inte the river , where it disappear . Lucy there you go . ( look inguiringly at George ) you want I to be ashamed of that , too ? . it be a tense moment . GEORGE no . claude I bet you will do anything , will not you ? 34 . 27 he 's be vanquish and do not know what to do to ease the humiliation . claude ( cont ’d ) you have fuck a pig in knicker , I bet . you Canada girl ? wocy I do commit the wrong sin sometimes . this obviously refer to sherman . Claude step toward she and with he fingertip , very siowly raise the front of the shirt Lucy 's wear . ( continued ) 27 lc ) 35 . continued : 27 claude what do you think you be good for ? everybody think they be good for something . or be you just good for nothing ? Claude raise the shirt further , uncover she . Lucy you boy all seem alike to I . claude you do not have to act that way . Claude unbutton the top button of Lucy 's shirt , while George look on . he 's clearly about to rape she . Lucy I guess I have have all the fun I be go to have . claude ( unbuttone ) not yet . Lucy I think I have . Lucy 's face be become pale but not flinching . GEORGE ( reluctantly ) i I do not think that 's necessary now . claude you have a kiss . you can be second . I be not go to kill she . GEORGE let it go , huh ? George step forward and move Claude 's hand away gently but without hesitation . GEORGE ( cont ’d ) this be not a way to act . this be not any good . — claude ( argue the point ) this be what I want . ( continued ) 27 28 36 . continued : 27 GEORGE ( softly , shaking he head ) no , no . they be all three stand very closely , so that they softest voice can be hear . : GEORGE ( cont ’d ) Claude , I x11 take you back up to town . you can catch the bus . let 's stop this . Claude look at Lucy and at George . he 's finish . _ GEORGE ( cont ’d ) ( softly ) get in the car . it 's all right . I have get some money . 1/11 buy you a ticket . claude ( defeat ) fuck. you guy . just fuck you , okay ? Lucy ( walk away , disgust ) you boy . I love you boy . you be so wonderful . ext . post office / SMALL wyoming town - late morning 28 George , Claude and Lucy pull up in aileen 's car . Claude get out , hold the remain of a six - pack of beer and stand alone in the street where the wind have rise and the cloud from the mountain be roiling for the rain . claude ' ( angrily ) I be all right . fuck it . he turn around to address the remark to Lucy and George but they be already drive away . claude ( cont ’d ) ( to himself ) that 's great . all right . that ' 's great . back in the car , drive . locy the great fisherman . I wonder what he 's think about . ( continued ) 28 29 30 continued : GEORGE he 's think about you . lucy ( derisively ) he think he be in love with I . : that 's what he tell I . be not that strange ? she look out at the pass scenery . George decline to answer . int . / ext . drive montage - day they drive through a variety of Wyoming landscape , through 's rain , Lucy take a turn drive while George sleep . int . car - day Lucy and George sit park in a terrific downpour ina roadside turn -out . in the car they have sandwich and beer . the window be open , let in the cool , rainy air . the radio be play . Lucy sit in the driver 's seat , smoking a cigarette . she idly pull down the sun visor , look at the photograph . lucy who 's this ? you whole family , feature you as a kid ? George look over at the photograph without visible response , but he be move . GEORGE that 's when my old man get out of the Air Force . he want to be a . jet mechanic . but he do not do that . he go to work on the bn . switch . lucey what ' be you plan for a bright future ? GEORGE I have like to go to college . I have like to be on the box team , if there 's such a thing as a box team . Lucy ( motion ) College be back that way , be not it ? ( continued ) 37 . 28 29 30 continued : GEORGE yeah . it be . Lucy I think you ‘’re head in the wrong direction then . right ? - GEORGE I have like to join the Marine Corps after that . make that a career . Lucy warrior . you be a-warrior . and you be a worrier , I believe . Lucy sigh . her foot be on the dashboard . Lucy ( cont 'd ) ( dreamily ) we always pluck geese in the fall . hunters bring the geese they shoot to we house in sceptre , in saskatchewan , and we dip ‘em in this waxy . water and get the feather off and gut ‘em and wrap ’em . for a charge . the whole family 's involved «.. I have like to rise up above that . rise up in the world . be a star in some firmament . GEORGE you 'il have to leave Canada for that . there be not many canadian star . George chuvalo . he 's all I ean think of . Lucy giselle mackenzie . Bob hope . ' GEORGE I do not know Bob hope be canadian . Lucy yeah . he be . ext . car overlooking casper ~ morning they pull into a turn - out look out over the city of casper . the wind be blow and the sky be full as they get out to look at the expanse of the town and the grouping of oil rig below . George kick rock over the ledge to one side , then gaze over to Lucy , who be stretch , stare off in the other direction . 32 33 34 bwwe page 6/29/89 int . / ext . casper — morning George and Lucy drive through casper . casper be a oil and mining town , a roughneck town of high risk and boom-or-bust . casper be unforgive , and Lucy drive into to tough , palpably dangerous . George wo sightseeing . Lucy what a place . my brother say it be nicer than this . maybe it grow on you if yo plan to be . amusement ? u be here longer than I what would you do for GEORGE beat people maybe . . the up . steal thing , usual . Lucy I know you think that 's amusing . omitted ext . lazy k.t. motel - day Lucy return from use the pay phone on the outside wall of a motel , get back in the car where George wait . lucy it 's not a easy matter to have you brother in jail . you can not talk to hin . GEORGE that 's what they have in mind . you do not seem to be in any hurry till now . * Lucy ( momentarily melancholy ) I know it . ( a beat where be you , distract ) stay ? she half know the answer , and mean this as a invitation . George look out the window at the traffic . GEORGE I have get my aunt in town somewhere . he look up at . the blast hillside of tacky , lower - case suburban house and , farther on , oil rig , then out at the lazy k.t. Motel . ( continued ) 39 . 32 33 34 * oo 34 35 40 . continued : 34 GEORGE ( cont ’d ) you gonna afford this place ? Lucy I have be save my money . I 's and where I be go , anyway . - GEORGE you be lucky . a hollow moment yawn open for George . wucy ( chipper ) | fhis . be a honky tonk town , be not it ? GEORGE I guess . Lucy you want to stay with I tonight ? till you figure it out . two bed . { two people asleep ? int . motel room ~ day 35 they enter the motel room and Lucy set down she bag . George walk around the room , peek out the window , leok in the closet , the drawer , turn on the tv . Lucy , who 's exhaust , sit on one of the two bed in the half - light . Lucy how many time have you be ina motel room with a girl ? GEORGE ' ( prowling around ) not many time ... not any time . Lucy this be a big deal for you , then , be not it ? too bad it can not be with somebody you be in love with , not that that make a lot of difference to man , or boy , whichever you be . GEORGE it do not make any difference to I . ( continued ) 35 36 37 38 41 . continued : . 35 George sit on the bed opposite Lucy who lie down need rest . there 's intimacy , but not precisely sexual intimacy , though it could be . Lucy you probably be in love with I , - be not you ? GEORGE no. I be not . no. Lucy good . that 's very smart . Lucy fall into exhaust sleep . George watch she sleep for a long moment , then get up , restless , gaze out the door , then go to find a phone book in a drawer and look up a number . silently he decide not to call for fear of waking Lucy . but he take the book , open to the casper city map , and quietly slip out of the room . omitted 36 omitted . . 37 ext . motel - day 38 as George walk out and close the door quietly , he see a large man in he fifty wear rough ranch clothing , get out of a pickup and walk to the pay phone next to George 's car . the man take a piece of paper from he pocket and reach for the phone . he turn and look aggressively at George as George pass . George , unsettle , look away and speed he walk . man hey ! George do not respond , reach he car and open the door . man ( insistent ) hey . what nre you up to ? GEORGE ( finally ) I be mind my own business . be that safe here ? ( continued ) 42 . 38 continued : 38 man you look for a job , pay you a lot of money ? just yes or no . say that . GEORGE no . - man you a farm boy ? GEORGE no. man you would of fool I . you sure you do not want a job ? I get a job . GEORGE yeah . sure . man ' bye . the man begin to make a call . George drive away . 39 int . / ext . drive through casper ~ day 39 George use the telephone - book map and drive into he aunt 's neighborhood , which be in town , to a middie-class row house with a fence - in half - acre lot . sudy 's house have a wheelchair ramp up to the front porch . George park and go to the door . 40 ext . judy and harley 's house - day ~ 40 judy open the front door smile , not recognize George . she be near aileen 's age but pretty and appeal in a somewhat more wholesome way - judy hi , there . GEORGE ( hesitantly ) hi , Judy . it 's George . aileen 's son . I kinda think I have come by . judy ( loudly , affectionately ) Oh-Jesus-Christ~it-is -not ! you be a little bitty boy . you can not be this ... immense . and handsome . ( continued ) 40 41 42 43 . continued : 40 Judy hug he and bring he inside . int . judy and harley 's live room ~ day 41 here it 's antiseptically neat -- a couch , match chair , a _ preserve old tv -- but un - live in . Judy and harley '' live in the back " of the house where Judy take George . int . den / kitchen - day here be a sunny , remodel kitchen and a open - up , add - on de with a wheelchair ramp for harley , sjudy 's husband , who 's black , handsome and trap in a wheelchair , which be push up to a kitchen table set for lunch . Judy and harley seem a more dependable , more affectionate couple than George 's parent . judy ( enter ) now , harley , I do not want you to get up out of you wheelchair or anything but who do you think this be ? it 's George . remember George ? my sister 's only baby ? well , this be what he 's turn out to be , right here ! Judy push George toward harley , who smile crazily and give he a fierce black - power handshake up from he chair . harley all riiight ! how you doin 's ? you be up there , be not you ? you be way up there . up in the cloud . harley fidget he finger on the padded arm of ‘his wheelchair . judy | ( busily set a place ) we be just about to have lunch . T want you to sit down and eat with we . harley c’mere , let I show you something , George . harley suddenly push he chair backward away from the table . { continued ) 42 42 43 44 . continued : 42 judy ( noticeably patient ) oh , harley , for goodness sake , let he sit down . harley - ( ignore she ) right . harley lurch off toward a smal ] hideaway room off the kitchen . he open the door and push in , George behind he . int . gun room - day harley ( chuckle , enter ) all right . come in here . harley switch on the fluorescent light in the ceiling . the room contain a huge tv , cheap wood - panell wall and two wall full ef gun in rack . harley be a gun nut . military rifle , hunt rifle with scope , a machine gun , saw - off with pistol grip , '' pistol of all kind display . harley wheel straight over to the wall and take down the one particularly malevolent - look scope rifle he can reach unaid . he mount it -- still seat -- and make several severe pop noise . harley ( cont ’d ) i ( boast ) starlight . Light you up after dark . George look at harley , then at the gun . harley cut he eye at George , smile . harley ( cont ' D ) I be a civil engineer . do you know that ? . GEORGE I know that . we meet once . harley do we ? I do not remember .. I meet suay right down on Wyoming Street in town . two day after I get out of the U.S. Army . I come out here to get rich ... you know what you can do with this instrument ? GEORGE sure . ( continued ) 43 ~ 43 continued : 45 . 43 harley I can part some cowboy 's hair ina different spot for he , long distance . GEORGE - why would you want to do that ? harley why not ! they put I in this chair . how do you think I get in this chair ? I be stand down underneath the rig and somebody open up he junch bucket and drop a orange straight down on my head . break I all up to piece . and one of this day they be go to come up here to finish the job and that 's when I will be sit here wait with my answer . GEORGE : do you think they 'li come up here ? right to you house ? I do not see anybody do that . harley sure they 's 11 come up here . they / 11 have on white sheet and come right in the front door . " boom , " be what Ill have to say to that motherfucker , " boom , boom , boom ! " i GEORGE that will be great . harley it will be great . wo not it be 7 great ? I have a sense of personal mission in this , son . I have suffer a loss . somebody have to pay for that . GEORGE I guess that 's true . harley oh , yes , it 's true . it 's true as that I '' sittin’ here . and I be sure sittin’ here . 44 int . kitchen ~- day at the lunch table , table full of good food . eat mechanically in he chair . guest . in the neaten - up kitchen , Judy be there 's a perky as they eat . harley George be uncomfortably a you be not through with school , be judy you ? GEORGE yeah , I an. school . judy I finish in summer ( smile , fork poise ) and how old be you ? : GEORGE eighteen . judy gee whiz . be you ? you be that old . I do not think I must have blink . harley frown and snap back in he chair as if he 's be shot at long range . GEORGE you have not hear anything from my mom , have you ? might nve call you . might even have come I think she I think she down here . she and my dad have kind of a blow - * judy where be she go ? GEORGE up . I leave . judy ( disturb ) what kind of a blow -up ? GEORGE I do not know about it exactly . get mad and she leave . harley who be it with ? GEORGE nobody . they she just leave , that 's all . ( continued ) 46 . 44 '' oo 44 continued : 47 . 44 harley nobody just leave . not in ny experience . if you leave by yourself , that 's where you be go to be . and nobody want to be that place . I / l1 tell you that right - now . GEORGE well , that 's what she do , anyway . you may not know everything about everything . harley ( smile ) I know enough . that 's for goddamn sure . she would not come here , anyway . GEORGE why not ? harley she like I too much , that 's why . even in this cripple 's chair she could not resist I . there 's way around everything . ogudy harl , now , that 's not true . do not say that . it 's not true , George . aileen never do anything like that . it 's he mother , harl , for God 's sake . do not lie about she . harley I be not lie about she . GEORGE ( calmly ) yeah , you be . you be lie about she . you be full of shit . she would not have anything to do with you in a million year . harley why not ? why do not you think she would ? be something wrong with I ? GEORGE no. nothing 's wrong with you . . you be marry to she sister . that 's all . she would not do a thing like that . ( continued ) 44 45 48 . continued : 44 harley right ! harley roar with agonize laughter , then abruptly roll he chair back from the table and spin it toward he gun room -- though it 's just a meaningless half - threat . - harley ( cont ’d ) they never do that , do they ? that 's what they never ever do ? they never like the wrong guy . harley disappear into the room and slam the door behind he . the tv come on then , loud through the wall . '' " wheel of fortune " be - audible , then a cheer . ext . judy and harley 's house ~ day 45 Judy and George walk out to the car . Judy be sympathetic and affectionate . judy be she by herself ? she 's my sister . I forgive she if she be not . . GEORGE ( reluctantly ) she be not . dad make she leave , though . he push thing out too far , sometimes . i judy and be you call yourself look for she ? be that what you be do here , hon ? GEORGE I guess so . I do not know . do you always know what you be do when you do it ? judy not always , hon . that 's right . Inside the house , George can see harley through the little picture window , watch then . judy we be not real close anymore . but . she might cail here . you do strange thing . everybody do . ( more ) ( continued ) 45 46 49 . . continued : 45 judy ( cont ’d ) I have run off before . four time . but I come back . GEORGE pid harley come look for you ? judy he could not very well . he can not do much in he chair . he just have to wait till I show up . Judy reach forward and kiss George on the cheek and hug he lightly . judy ( cont ‘d ) it will be all right or it will not . you will survive . be you stay in town ? GEORGE yeah . I be all right . judy I guess you be a man now , georgie . it 's sad , be not it ? you have so many new thing to think about . I ‘remember when I figure out I be not a girl anymore . it just hit I one day . I laid down on the bed and cry . . GEORGE how old be you ? judy oh. ' hirty -someth . I do not know . ( laugh ) , too old , or not old enough , right ? call up here , though , sweetheart , if you want to . if I know anything I ' 1l1 tell you . as George get in he mother 's car , he notice harley stare out at he . ext . motel - late afternoon 46 pink page 7/6/89 George tap on the screen door , push it open . ) 50 . 47 int . motel - late afternoon 47 Lucy sit on the bed , talk to johnny on the phone . she look toward George , disguise she surprise and relief . Lucy ( to johnny ) I know it , hon . it 's awful in - there ... it be a long way ... it sure be ... no ... what news can you make from a jail cell ?... whatever it be , ifll do it ... you just stay put ... ' bye - ' bye , ...’ bye - ' bye . she put the receiver down , dismay by have to do what she 's come to do . Lucy ( cont ’d ) ( sarcastically ) great. great-great . ( to George ) what would you go do ? I think you be a history lesson . GEORGE I drive up and see my aunt . Lucy my aaunt . ' that 's what we say in we family . aaunt . what would she say ? anything about you mom ? mmock herself ) mom. { GEORGE no . lucy she 's probably in Las Vegas 's farting through silk this very minute , or in Hawaii . some people be actually innocent , you know . GEORGE after you , who else ? Lucy after I ? nobody . GEORGE what do you brother do to get to be in jail ? Lucy stole oil and get catch at it . ( more ) ( continued ) 47 48 49 sl. continued : 47 lucy ( cont ’d ) although he say they do not have a good charge against he . that 's always the story be not it ? but I be suppose to get he out , and I will . ( rise ) - let 's go drink something . I be tired of talk to myself . ext . trail end bar - night 48 the trails be a long , wood -side roadhouse , with car park - in a gravel lot . int . trail end bar - night 49 Lucy and George sit at a table drink beer . the trails end be a cowboy - and -roughneck bar with poker and keno table pop , people dance and in the large back room a pitiful , small - time " tough - guy Contest , " use a crude fight ring , shallow makeshift ceiling light and a sparse , drunk crowd in attendance - - vaguely interested cowboys , indian and they girlfriend . two indian boy spar but no one in the audience pay much attention ; some be boo and taunting the boxer . the Indians be bloody each other almost without effort . George be remotely cocky . Lucy be half - drunk and ill - tempere from the strain of the previous day and from she responsibility . i GEORGE how do you think you can get somebody out of jail ? Lucy I have get a plan to do it . GEORGE let 's hear about it . Lucy let I just say this as true . the way to get out of trouble be find somebody with worse trouble and get they to help you . GEORGE that be not true about woman . ( continued ) >) continued : 49 lucy what 's true about woman in the word of the great expert ? GEORGE my father say never hook up with a : woman who 's get worse trouble than you do . Lucy asshole-heart . what be you do away from home , anyway ? ( to waitress ) - you know he 's underage . shit . she turn away in she chair , disgust . lucy ( cont ’d ) I hope you do not mind if I go down on you friend . Clark , or klaus . whatever . I just have too many trouble to help myself . you know ? GEORGE ( ill - at -ease ) whatever float you boat . Lucy well , that float mine , and it float he right to the top . I guarantee you . a barmaid pass through the table hand out challenge card by which a customer can enter he name to fight the bar champ in the ring at the back , win a hundred dollar and become the " tough guy . " barmaid ( blandly ) you wanna fight ? George glance at the card , shake he head no . Lucy no . I be sure you do not . Lucy slide the card across the table in front of she . to the cowboy at the next table she say : Lucy ( cont ’d ) lemme borrow you fountain pen a . second , butch . ( continued ) L ) 49 50 51 53 . continued : 49 he give she a ballpoint and she write George 's name on the card . Lucy ( cont ’d ) what 's you last name ? George try to beat she game by not answer . Lucy ( cont ‘d ) ( smile grimly ) George what ? ( stare at he ) George . .. no - lead-in-his-pencil . we will make you a indian again . she write this and slide the card back to George . lucy ( cont ’d ) you could not pour piss out of a boot . you poor thing . GEORGE be that right ? _ George take the card , look at it . Lucy maybe you can win a hundred dollar and get out of my life . : GEORGE ' it will not cost I that much . he crumple the card she give he , take another card from the several on the table and walk to the back of the bar . int . boxing ring room / trail end - night . 50 a man be 's seat ringside at a wooden table on top of which be a bell and a piece of metal for sounding round . George step up hesitantly , put down the card , sign it right there , then stand nearby wait to fight the indian , who be a lean , rangy boy who sit ringside wear no shirt , @rink a beer . George take he shirt off but not he boot . int . boxing ring ~- night 51 George get into the shabby ring and fight the indian , who 's barefoot and a assassin . George use the ring skill he 's learn in school . ( continued ) 51 52 53 continued : but the indian make quick work of he , use tough , street smart , taunting and bully . as Lucy watch at the room 's entry along with a room full of rummy stranger , the indian hold - and-hit , gouge , thumb and generally kick George around , finally knock he down and kick he . omitted int . motel room - night Lucy lie languorously on the bed , indifferent to George , who 's stand in the bathroom after he shower , pour ice from a ice bucket onto a wash rag then put the rag on he swollen cheek . Lucy offer no sympathy . George notice Lucy watch . GEORGE when do watch I get to be so interesting ? Lucy I be not watch you . I be look at you and think about something else . people must do that — to you a lot . GEORGE ( grimly ) . I get my ass kick . I do not like that . i Lucy I be just think about that . that 's what my mother be . a kick - ass . be not that funny ? GEORGE no . Lucy ( examine she nail ) that 's because you do not think it 's funny . she cut nobody a- n-y slack . not my father , not Lucy , not Mr. johnny — be-good-that -was not , and ... not herself . no slack . GEORGE where be she now . Lucy ignore hin . ( continued ) 54 . 51 52 53 53 George step pink page 7/6/89 55 53 Lucy they have a life of bliss . she have she dazzle sexual fantasy and he have he and they live in Canada . ( mock ) eh? so. what ? you mum - n- dad have a big bust -up . what would she do ? into the room and sit on the single chair , face the bed . GEORGE - she be in the house with some phony when my dad come home . he throw she out . I guess she be screwing he . so she leave . Lucy turn onto she belly and look sideways at George , feel more warmly toward he . they seem to be in similar predicament . Lucy what 's you dad do about it ? * GEORGE I do not know . nothing . maybe . * lucy you go to bring they back together again . be little cupid ? GEORGE *( sarcastic , but nodd ) right . Lucy bullshit . buli-period -shit-period . GEORGE no , then . be that better ? lucy you be out be where you be . simplify . you '11 - £ind you mom when the lady catch ' the fish with she gold watch in it . later . very much later . GEORGE . okay . I leave town with you . have you get a better idea ? i'11 get the hell out of here if you do . ( do not get up ) I can leave you to you brother . I do not mind . lucy ( like he better ) no . do not do that . you do not have ( more ) ( continued ) 53 continued : lucy ( cont ’d ) to do that . I have rather have you in here . it 's nicer . you can protect my interest . . GEORGE - what interest ? Lucy I get a lot of money with I . GEORGE how much ? Lucy : six thousand dollar . american money . GEORGE where be it ? Lucy ( arrogantly ) under this mattress I be lie on . you want I to show it to you ? GEORGE where have you get it ? Lucy my pop . he hoard shit . money . thing like that . in he box . he can not use the bank because he 's a american fugitive . so. I borrow some . someday I will give it back . ( a beat ) maybe . he come over to where she 's lie on the bed and sit beside she . she reach under the mattress , produce a man 's leather wallet with money in it . she display the bill , then put the wallet back . Lucy ( cont ’d ) I trust you . you can kiss I again . that 's fine . . that 's nice . I do not mind that . GEORGE everybody get to kiss you , I guess . Lucy no , that 's not true . that be not ( nore ) ( continued ) 56 . 53 lc ) 53 54 55 57 . continued : 53 lucy ( cont ’d ) true at all . you do not understand about that . plus , whe care ? I do not care who you kiss . I do not care what you do not understand , either . she sit up and kiss he hard on the mouth , a quick , hurtful kiss , then lie back in bed with she back to he . George sit on the bedside with the light from the bathroom shine out into the dark room , casting a yellow refrigerator - glow . GEORGE ( thoughtfully ) that indian could fight . I could not whip he . Lucy oface away ) I know you could not . you do not whip he . surely you would have if you could have . GEORGE I could not whip he if we have a hundred fight and I get better every time . ( a beat ) sometimes you can not win , but you can not believe it . you can not see yourself lose . you be always a i winner when you think about it . then you have to get use to lose . Lucy tell I something I might not know . GEORGE I wish I could . I would like that . he turn off the light and get into bed with she to -~- sleep . omitted 54 int . county jail - morning 55 the jail be a part of the county courthouse , which also contain the sheriff 's office , morgue , courtroom and other county office . there 's much activity in the corridor . Lucy and George ask they way through to the visitor 's ( continued ) 55 ~~ 56 ~~ 57 on ~~ continued : wait room . they walk down a corridor , come to a door mark " jail Visitors . " they hesitate . Lucy come in with I . GEORGE it 's not my business . Lucy please come in . I need you to come . you be the american in this . George reluctantly go in with she . int . visitor's waiting area ~ day George and Lucy sit and wait along with two lowlife . GEORGE ( softly ) they probably will not let you stay very long . Lucy I do not want to stay very long . shortly , a female deputy appear . deputy ( to Lucy ) okay . stand up and come this way . Lucy stand and exit with deputy . int . visiting room / int . visitor 's waiting area > day Interior room have window all around , a table and two chair . George look in through the window . he can hear nothing . Lucy wave at he through the pane . he wave back . just then , johnny enter with a male deputy and be tell to sit . he 's wear a ill-fitting orange jail jumpsuit and tennis shoe . Lucy hug he , then they both sit . johnny be 25 , fresh - face , blond and pretty with a arrest , cold malevolence only a sister could ignore . he sit at the table , fold he hand tensely , expectantly . he glance out the window at George , who 's try not to he conspicuous , while realize he 's in view . George read they lip : ( continued ) 58 . 55 56 57 blue page 6/29/89 59 . continued : . 57 johnny who 's that asshole ? Lucy ( glance , very tense ) oh. I do not know . it do not matter who he be . George , disturb , turn away awkwardly , then walk to a more hide position from where he can watch Lucy 's and johnny 's intense discussion . a phone be beside he . on impulse he dial home . operator ( v.0 . ) AT&T Operator ..+ GEORGE I have like to make a collect call to 's - my dad ... jdack . * operator ( v.0 . ) you name , please . GEORGE George . operator ( v.0 . ) thank you , George . George become more and more anxious as the phone ring unanswer ( 5 time ) during which time he see Lucy 's conversation with johnny take a desperate turn while the deputy and lowlife in the wait room seem to stare at hin . operator ( v.0 . ) ( come back on ) there 's no answer . would you like to place you call later ? GEORGE . no , thanks . he hang up . omitted 58 int . car - day 59 George and Lucy drive through casper . Lucy study a map in the motel phone book , give George uncertain direction . ( continued ) 63 continued : Bob put the pistol down and pick up he coffee mug . Art look Lucy look uncertainly at George , hope she 's do this right . blue page 6/29/89 bob how can that possibly be ? do not the whole world work on trust ? Lucy I will give you half of it and you can have the rest right after . bob do not cause I anxiety . bob ( cont 'd ) how will we get it ? you gonna mail it ? what 's my address ? p.o. box dumb fuck ? Lucy I all mail it . you can just tell I where to . bob ( arrogantly ) be not that trust ? Lucy I all do it . you get half first . I promise . bob ( mock ) you promise ? nina ( absently ) I have trust she . bob you be trust . look at who you be marry to . sourly at bob. bob ( cont ’d ) I 'il tell you what . where be you two sleep ? Lucy . / at the lazy k.t. Motel . right on the main 's drag . ( continued ) 67 . 63 63 continued : Bob walk town . Nina get 68 . 63 bob Ill tell you what . you be there tonight at eight o'clock . if I be in the neighborhood maybe we '1 ] l conduct some business . or maybe I / 11 blow you off . how 's that sound ? - lucy ( fearfully ) it sound fine . bob Fine ? be that fine ? that 's what you want , be not it ? to the big window and stare down the hill toward cucy yes . bob ( he back to they ) you , too , George ? GEORGE sure . bob you two go to play a trick on I ? ruin my day ? i Lucy no. bob then get out of here . I gotta make a phone call . I gotta call my travel agent , okay ? ( turn to they ) Nina can show you out . nina okay . up smile and walk toward the front door . it 's still overcast . nina ( cont 'd ) you kid be not dress for the weather : if I have a coat I have give it to you . it 's suppose to rain sheet . ( continued ) €3 64 65 continued : they leave . int . car / drive - casper - day George drive Lucy , low in the seat , who put she foot up on the dash , bite she fingernails nervously . Lucy ( half to herself ) 1790 madera . sound just like a place regular people would live , do not it ? . George drive on as they assimilate what 's just transpire . int . chuck wagon restaurant - day the Chuck wagon be a franchise joint full of late luncher . George and Lucy sit - in a booth . Lucy study GEORGE I do not know about this guy Bob . you know what I mean ? lucy ( occupy by read ) I love breakfast . I /d eat breakfast for every meal if they have serve it to I . GEORGE ( still preoccupy ) how do you know he ’1ll come through ? Lucy I just know that he will not if somebody do not do something . ( look at George ) would you like it better if I say it be all fuck ? okay , it 's fuck up . johnny 's in jail . TI have to pay money to some guy I do not know . bob. how 's that ? I be just full of hope . George , scold , look out the window . GEORGE that 's all right . I hope thing . the menu . ( continued ) 69 . 63 64 65 70 . 65 continued : 65 ao lucy what do you hope ? I already know what you be ashamed of . let 's hear the flip side . you probably hope something about I , do not you ? GEORGE some thing I do not worry about . Lucy that 's the first smart thing I have hear you say . ( pause ) . what be you go to do ? ina matter of minute and a matter of day ? GEORGE . ( invent it ) in a matter of day I be go on down to Texas . I can get a job in Texas . Lucy ~~ you will be the only one that 's get one . though I guess busboy be always in demand . too bad you can not deal card . maybe you can become a professional boxer . in about two hundred year . GEORGE for the moment I be in this with you . she kiss she finger and reach and put it on he cheek . Lucy ( mock ) you be too sweet . GEORGE I be sweet . lucy what have I say ? do not I just say that ? sweet boy be not in demand , though . unfortunately . neither be sweet girl . Lucy laugh and George smile . ( continued ) at 65 66 67 71 . continued : 65 Lucy ( cont ’d ) eat a breakfast . they can do that right in place like this . you might as well let ‘em . ext . greyhound station / casper - late afternoon 66 it 's blustery , greenish , almost cold despite summer . George and Lucy walk inside . int . greyhound station - late afternoon 67 Lucy and George walk to a bank of locker , open one . Lucy produce a envelope full of bill . she and George huddle against the locker in a pitiful attempt at secrecy . she count half the bill into George 's hand , then pause . Lucy maybe I just oughta give it all to ‘em right away . he might have a hard time get into it and get piss off . GEORGE go with the deal . he get the second three thousand when you send he the key . if you brother do not get out the way he 's suppose to , then you be not wipe out . ' he take the money , put it in another envelope they have bring and lay it in the locker . he close it and keep the key . Lucy - ( smile , sweetly ) how would you get so smart ? GEORGE Ill show you something else . he put a quarter into another locker several row down , take the key and close the locker . GEORGE ( cont ’d ) you keep a option . eighty -one 's get money . fifty -four 's get air . he offer she both key but she take only one . ( continued ) 67 oo 68 : 69 oo o~ continued : Lucy you keep the real one . I do not trust myself for some reason . I have get the shake just all of a sudden . you can deal with this better than I can . GEORGE you hope . Lucy I hope . right . they leave . ext . lazy k.t. motel ~- dusk / night only 2 or 3 light burn in room . int . motel room - night Lucy and George await Bob . only a table lamp blue page 6/29/89 the weather be blustery . be light and the room be dim . the curtain be pull shut . outside the weather be bad , windy , rainy , wild . Lucy be sit in a chair with $ 3,000 in a fold wallet she 's hold . George be drink a can of beer and lie on the bed fully clothed . the radio be play Sam cook , " darling , you send I . " George be a little drunk . Lucy do not get drunk up , for Christ sake . this be important to I . I might need you for something . GEORGE I do not buzz up on beer . Lucy tough guy . you be a tough guy . give I a drink out of it . Lucy get up , come over for the beer , which George extend to she . but as she take it hé hold she leg with he hand and draw she closer to he , he hand rise up she leg under she skirt . lucy ( cont ’d ) ( wearily ) oh , my . it 's you , now . I just do not think so . be a great idea . ( more ) I do not think this ( continued ) 72 . 67 68 69 69 70 pink page 7/6/89 73 . - continued : : 69 Lucy ( cont ’d ) Bob might get the wrong idea about we -- he might think we be trash and get disgust . GEORGE ( softly , but not serious ) maybe we be . maybe that 's what we be . . Lucy lie across the top of he , drink the beer with she mouth close to he , push she finger through he hair , get beer on he face . until now she have be observe a small code of conduct with regard to George - ~ some innocence in hin touch some innocence in she . but now , from fatigue or compromise or familiarity or futility , give in to each other might not matter , might in fact be a source of consolation . Lucy ( softly ) what do it matter , huh ? just doa thing ? do it cold ? GEORGE I do not care . hot , cold , whatever . Lucy you poor thing ... ( kiss he ) you do not know anything , do you ? you be lose . but you think you be find . that 's terrible . they begin to kiss passionately , relinquishing the anxiety ef the moment , until Lucy pull back . Lucy _ just hold marry eee dissolve to : . ext. / int . motel / motel room - dark 70 the room be dark but for the tv burn silently . Lucy and George lie in bed as they be , clothes on . a car 's light swing across the room through the curtain from outside . a big car engine be audible . there 's a knock on the door . Lucy sit up . George answer the door . ( continued ) 70 ~~ o~ 721 oo — 74 . continued : 79 Nina be outside in the wind . she 's smile winningly , though in a daffy way , and seem nervous . nina hi , kid . ready to go ? Nina be wear a dress , high heel and a man 's windbreaker that be long for she . it be Bob 's jacket . Inside the room Lucy hurriedly put on she coat . lucy I '' ready . where 's Bob ? nina we be go to drive you to meet he . he 's wait for we . outside , Art be visible in the driver 's seat of the big purple cadillac idling in front of the room . lucy ( firmly ) George be come with we . nina ( smile , nervous ) that be not the plan , hon , that 's not a good idea tonight . Nina glance back at Art , who glare at she . Lucy stand still in the cheap motel light . t lucy ( abruptly ) then no deal , then . I need he . Nina again look worriedly at Art inside the car , as if ask advice . but Art vigorously motion she to '' come on . Nina turn back , smile . nina ( brightly ) okay , then . but let 's hurry up . we do not want to take all night . int . cadillac - dark 721 in the cadillac and underway , Nina and Art be in the front seat , George and Lucy in the back . in the big cadillac seat George and Lucy be small and seemingly helpless . Lucy , after a uneasy silence , say : ( continued ) ) 71 continued : lucy where 's Bob ? art ( benignly ) we be go to see he right now . - they drive through town out into the cold , rise desert , the red light of pump oil well in the distance . Nina , become chatty as a chaperone , look back at Lucy . nina - now , be you two related ? GEORGE ( vaguely put off ) no . nina I think maybe you be . you sort of favor each other . ( stare seriously ) do not you think ? Lucy ( abruptly ) yeah . nina where be you from ? Lucy say nothing and George only reluctantly answer . GEORGE Montana . nina . that 's where you folk be ? GEORGE yeah . nina that 's nice . that 's a nice place to raise a family , I have think . everything simple . you can see everything so clear up there be how I imagine it . GEORGE that 's right . ( continued ) 758. 71 721 76 . continued : 72 George turn and look uneasily out the back window at casper retreate into the night , become just a grid of light . lucy where ' be we go ? - art out here a way . where it 's safe . Lucy I see . nina Art and I have be marry four year . though we live together for a time before that . maybe a year ? she look at Art inquiringly , but Art do not react . nina ( cont ’d ) I have two kid from another marriage , too . they live in San Antonio , Texas , which be a city of canal . I / have have another child , I think , if Art think he want to . art ( onedd approval ) I have do it . why not ? kid nre great . nina Art and I be probably old enough to be you two 's parent . ( laugh ) Art 's probably old enough to be one of my parent . Nina smile at Art admiringly . art ( amused ) right . silence intervene as the rainy , windy night rush by . Lucy ( uncomfortably ) what line of work be you in ? - art in-surance . yep . JI use to work for a company that insure oil well . ( more ) os 721 continued Art look 77 . : : 71 art ( cont ’d ) ( smile grimly ) the oil business . Lucy ( peer out ) - what 's out here ? art just a well site . nothing important . nina ( promptly ) Bob 's out here . art oh , right . Bob / 'il be out here when we get there . that 's where we will transact we little bit of business . nina then I '11 run you kid home . at George in the rearview mirror . art what do you like to do , son ? GEORGE box . 1 art ( amiably ) you a boxer ? be that right ? who teach you how to do that ? GEORGE * ( protectively ) my father do . art be he a fighter ? GEORGE he be . in the Air Force . nina I do not care for box . 'o art ( chide ) can you protect yourself pretty good ? ( continued ) 721 ~ ; ! 72 1 ~~ of 78 . continued : 71 Art hold both fist up above the steering wheel . art ( cont 'd ) two-fist ? you gotta be two - fisted . GEORGE ( sulleniy } I can take care of myself . art I bet you can . ext . / int . dirt road / car - night : 72 they drive off the road and up a dirt drive into the dark . art can you take care of yourself against one of this ? : he hold up a silver short - barrel shotgun with a pistol grip . art ( cont 'd ) this can clear the room of asshole . George be rivete , say nothing . Lucy I do not see why we need gun . this be not a gun thing . nina it 's all right . do not worry , sweetheart . Art always have a gun . he have take a gun to the grocery . '' they bounce up to where a derelict oil drilling rig sit in the dark with only a small utility light shine over the well storage reservoir , give it a spectral , expressionistic look in the shadow . the wind be blow dirt and cold rain together . in the distance , the light of casper prickle up out of the night . GEORGE ( leok out ) I do not see Bob out here . ' art he 'il be here . ( continued ) ~ a 72 73 continued : nina he 's always late . int . car / ext . oil rig site - night Art stop George 's door and point the si seat . the cadillac beside the rig , get out , then open liver shotgun into the back art now you and miss priss get out . Nina pop the trunk from the front seat . she lead Lucy , and Art lead George , around to the back where they peer inside the light trunk . bloody green shag carpet . lucy oh , my , no . GEORGE ( aghast ) that 's bob. art Bob have a accident . he want Nina and he to take you money and leave I in the house in some condition I would not be happy in . that be the accident part . Nina 's not that kind of person to do that . she love I . so. here he be . here 's Bob now . GEORGE ( grimly ) what be I suppose to do ? art just reach in there and take Bob out . I want you to drag he over to the well cap , which be not on , and we will cap the well with Bob . it /’1l be easy . ( to Lucy ) you can help here if you have like to . nina you do not really have to , hon . he can do it . Art get he in there . Lucy , horrify , assist George as they reach difficulty drag Bob and the carpet out of the the whole package on the ground . ( Bob 's dead body be wrap in a in and with continued ) 79 . 72 73 trunk , bump 73 80 . continued : 73 George and Lucy drag the carpet with Bob in it over to the well landing , which be in the car light . Art have a flashlight and shine it on the planking that cover the well . art - pick up that plank . they be not nail down . it /’1l keep he warm . ( laugh ) it be blowy as shit out here . George lean to pick up a plank board and as he haul it up , half rise then swing it flagrantly at Art , who instinctively shoot the rotted plank half off and in a second motion , bashes George in the face with the barrel , then spontaneously do the same to Lucy as she try to intervene . George be crack in the cheek and hand . Lucy be hit in the head , knock down hard , stunne . nina oh , God , Art . do not hit she . art ( furious ) just what in the fuck be this ! you think this be some fuck cowboy movie ! you asshole ! you can not just get this gun away from I . I will not let you . I / 11 kill you with it , then I / 11 kill you asshole girlfriend and forget about both of you . i George regards Lucy as though he would help she . Lucy be on the ground , injure but not unconscious . art ( cont ’d ) do not be a shithead . just put Bob in the hole ! GEORGE ( daze ) all right . I ' 1 ] put he in there . George , he face and hand hurt , swell and painful , be chastise and under Art 's direction now . art ( ludicrously ) you fuck kid . people kill each other . it 's not just some board . game . I be fifty - four year old . I / 11 kill you dead as shit . ( more ) ( continued ) 81 . 73 continued : 73 art ( cont 'd ) ( notice Lucy ) how 's miss priss ? George clumsily and with difficulty roll Bob 's corpse over across the oil rig landing , then upend it into the open well . Nina kneel to minister to Lucy , who 's bleed from she scalp . Nina have a kleenex packet . Lucy take one . nina here 's a tissue , hon . wipe you blood off . Lucy ( daze ) I be fine . George push Bob 's leg so that they go down , shove the shag carpet to conceal it , then replace the planking -- while Art be watch he with the shotgun and flashlight . art put he in there right , Jesus . ~~ when he be finish , George stand under the derrick wait to be tell what to do next . Lucy get to she foot and stand close to George . they be both stricken . she be shiver in the wind and rain . art ( cont 'd ) {to Lucy ) all right , where 's the goddamn money ? I want it right now . lucy ( daze ) here it be . she extend the purse with the money inside . Bob take it then hand it to Nina , who go through the money . nina ( to Art ) Three thousand . art where 's the rest of it ? there 's more of it . I want all of it . GEORGE aon that be not the deal . ' ( continued ) 73 82. continued : 73 art there be not any deal ! the deal ' 's in that hole over there . GEORGE ( fearful ) - we be suppose to tell you when johnny get out . art he 's not get out . he kill a pipefitter out in natrona - - he hate goddamn pipefitter . he 's not get out . he probably forget to tell you . Lucy he do . art he stab this guy with a screwdriver . I see he do it ! just where 's the money , sweetheart ? lot of dead people be out here . nobody 's go to notice you two . GEORGE {to Lucy ) give he the key . Lucy , who 's obviously hurt badly , reach in she skirt pocket and produce the empty locker key and give it to Art . Art hold the key in the light , look at Lucy curiously . art ( to luey ) what 's this , some school locker key ? you leave it in you locker ? lucy we do not . GEORGE it 's at the bus station . nina I do not want to go there . I have be ' in too many bus station . art you want this money ? ( continued ) v) ) 73 continued : nina yeah , but I hate bus station . art just get the cuff out of the glove box . - Nina retrieve the handcuffs from the car and Art take they then march Lucy and George over to the rig where Bob 's body be stashed . a edge of the carpet be visible through the plank . art ( cont ‘d ) ( to George and Lucy ) you sit down here . and you sit on the other side of this pipe . it / 11l ao you good . it be a pipe attach to a piece of rigging and when George and Lucy be seat close together but on opposite side of the pipe , Nina close the handcuffs on each one of they wrist so that they can not escape . she then move the cuff around on Lucy 's wrist , who 's shudder now from the onset of shock . nina be that too tight ? I do not want it to cut off circulation . ( to Art ) you hit she too hard . she 's shiver . art ( to George , ignore Nina ) I can not believe you try to hit I with that plank . if the money be not in the box , I be come back out here by myself . if it 's there , then . maybe something nice will happen to you . nina ( smile , brainless ) you kid 'il be okay here . she run she hand sweetly through Lucy 's hair , then she and Art walk toward the cadillac . nina ( cont ’d ) I just do not think you should leave they out here expose . ( continued ) 73 74 b4 . continued : 73 art {archly ) Don 's tcha ? nina no . I think we should take they . - art ( calmly ) do you want I to leave you out here with they ? nina I do not want that . no , art well , then , catch a ride with I . Art get in the car . Nina look at Lucy and George then climb in the cadillac . they @rive away . ext . oil well - night 74 when Art and Nina have disappear , George think he see a '' way of get loose by raise they two join hand to a loosely thread bolt in the pipe , loosen it and set they free . wind be whipping the rain and debris around then . . GEORGE i stand up . I want to reach that pipe bolt . they be not go to strand we out here . Lucy be very unsteady , but they both manage to stand . George try reach the bolt with she hand join to he injure hand , then climb to it . GEORGE ( cont ’d ) climb up on you side . Lucy toca not . it 's all right . GEORGE . well , fuck it then . they sit back on the cold plank , side by side . Lucy wear only she cloth coat , skirt and shoe . Lucy ( fracture ) get closer . I be freeze . ( continued ) 74 continued : GEORGE fold you hand in . she reluctantly fold she thumb and little finger into she palm . George try to pull , then twist , then wedge the handcuff off she small hand . bucy nature be the enemy . even Catholic . GEORGE but fail . - you nre not no ... listen . be you okay ? she put she head on he shoulder and give in a little . Lucy this hurt . I hate they make I so sad . go to just be sti a marble sky . no star . I be il . it ' will be okay . I be young enough . George look at Lucy 's wound . Lucy ( cont ( shiver ) *d ) that 's okay , be not it ? GEORGE it be . it 's okay ... need to start a fire Lucy you 'il burn we up . you that I do not gi friend . klaus or ¢l. guess . GEORGE I do not believe tha George painfully go into he goddamn it . I I want to tell '' down on you aude or Carl . I it . pocket for match . it 's obvious he 's scared and that Lucy be fail , though she be not precisely aware of it . around he for something flamm hold it to some of the planki he find the match and look able . he strike a match and no , but the wind snuff it . he try again , then again , without success . Lucy he do ask I to mar GEORGE ( matter -of -fact . I can see you marrie ry he . iy ) die to somebody . ( continued ) 85 . 74 74 pink page 7/6/89 continued : lucy ( sweetly ) who to ? you ? George be frantic but attempt to appear calm . he try to take off he own jacket and can actually slip it off he arm and onto hers so that it cover she . he 's leave with a flannel shirt . Lucy seem at one moment relatively clear - head , the next , confuse . . GEORGE no . to somebody else ... do you think I be pretty handsome ? Lucy ( fatigue ) you might become handsome . I do not know . ( draw closer ) oh , I be so cold now . you coat do not help much . she be become light - head again . lucy ( cont ’d ) my head feel zizzy . you nre suppose to get out of bad thing , be not you ? GEORGE I do not know . Lucy . if I have know johnny have kill somebody I would have never come down here . the fucker ... I wish I be older . GEORGE ( hold she closer ) it / will be all right . Lucy {pause } you could tell I some dream of yours . I feel like hearing a dream all of a sudden . maybe I be short of sleep . that ' have be nice . do you remember one ? GEORGE ( muse ) yes , ( continued ) 86 . 74 by 74 pink page 7/6/89 87 . continued : : 74 Lucy which way 's north now ? I like to stay orient . Lucy try to look around , though she 's lose she strength . George motion with he head toward the desert clothed in darkness . GEORGE it 's that way . ' Lucy I will never get dack tnere . ( rest , close to he ) what be you dream , georgie ? GEORGE it be when we be drive down here . Lucy wait . lie on top of I , baby . make I warmer . George negotiate himself sideways so that he can move on top of she , he face near hers , he lip close to she ear . lucy ( cont ’d ) oh , that 's good . I be fine now . George turn he head so he can look down at the glitter city . GEORGE in this dream I be drive down some highway and it be snow . and off the road there be a wreck car on fire . and inside , in the flame , be this people . I could see they in the window , try to get out . but they be trap . and I stop and run up , and I pull the door and pull it and pull it until it open , but it be hot and smokey inside . and I reach and grab inside and I feel all they hand . first , a adult 's hand and then child 's . and I take they all out until they be all out in the dark beside the highway . safe . and I just stand ( more ) ( continued ) ») 74 75 88 . continued : 74 GEORGE ( cont ’d ) there beside that burn car then , and nobody talk . but I be they hero . Lucy have fall asleep close to he . > GEORGE ( cont ’d ) ( implore ) do not go to sleep . that 's a mistake . there 's more in this dream ... George shake she , then slap she cheek softly with he injure hand , try to keep she alert . Lucy ( feebly ) that 's a sweet dream . you be the hero . you conscience be clear , be not it ? she doze . GEORGE no , no , do not go to sleep . I should not have tell that to you . - I '' sorry . Lucy ( drift off ) I be blue . I must be blue . I feel blue . goodness . she pass into sleep . GEORGE ( faintly ) . do not sleep . I could marry you . I could . he desperately shake she and simultaneously try to cover she with he body , finally embrace she when she do not respond . she be in shock . the rain and wind swirl around then . fade out : fade up : ext . oil rig - dawn 75 , it be the moment before the first light of dawn . the light ( continued ) 75 76 continued : ef casper still twinkle . a pair of car light move up the road . for a time it 's not clear that Art have not come back , though as the light come nearer the car grow visible as a reservation police car on a night patrol . when the car near the oil rig , it stop . a policeman run he flashlight across the well platform , disclose Lucy and George , who seem asleep where they have be handcuff and be cover with dirt and frost . when they reach George one of the indian policeman squat , brushes frost off George 's face . policeman what be you two do here ? he shake George , who wake to the light in he face and the faraway sound of the indian 's voice . Lucy remain still beneath he , almost unnoticeable . the policeman hold he finger to Lucy 's neck , but there 's no pulse . policeman {to he partner ) not this one . GEORGE ( faint , desperate ) I have the right key . she make a mistake . you can have it now . in a instant , George recollect himself , try to lift himself off Lucy , turn he face to hers and see she 's die of shock and concussion during the night . dissolve to : int . casper sheriff 's office - morning it be several day later . George , he face bruise , sit beside a empty detective 's desk in a large room where 3 other sheriff 's detective be work at they desk , talk on phone . they ignore he . a fourth detective casually enter from another office carry a metal container , which he set on he desk and from which he produce George 's wallet , some change , a clasp knife and the locker key from the Greyhound depot . George pick up he belonging with he bandage hand and stuff they in he pocket . detective ( sarcastically ) you have have a time , have not you ? GEORGE yeah . I do . ( continued ) es . 75 76 eo ) 76 continued : the detective put up he foot and pull he pants leg up over he boot top , revealing the butt of a pistol in one boot . detective what else you get in mind ? : GEORGE what be you go to do about she brother ? detective do not think about that boy now . he 's in another world from you . ( a beat ) tell I something else you get on you mind . GEORGE ( mutedly ) go home . I guess I x11 go home . detective ( smile , lean in he swivel chair ) you do enough damage , you figure ? have enough fun ? GEORGE yeah . I have do enough . detective you could not have stand much more fun , could you ? GEORGE ( look up malevolently ) that 's right . detective ( arrogantly ) what else ? GEORGE nothing . after a pause , the detective nod . detective then let ‘er rip , I guess , son . in the event we locate Mr. falcone and miss bennett , how easy be it to find you to get you to testify ? ( continued ) 90 . 76 76 77 78 continued : GEORGE sunburst , Montana . detective pretty easy . there 's a lady outside to give you a ride . - omitted int . dairy queen - day George eat a burger and drink a milkshake . Judy eat nothing . judy I never reach you dad . GEORGE he 's probably work . judy he probably be . but you oughta go home . you could go in the wrong direction pretty easily now . ( a beat ) it may not seem like it . GEORGE it do not exactly seem like it . judy ( smiley ) well . whatever 's right . {a beat ) I have not want to ask you a whole lot of question . you could nve call I quick . I could have get you out of juvenile home . I be you next of kin . GEORGE yeah . judy that poor girl , though . I would like to ask you how you get with she . and that other man , that man in the hole . and that other two people ? how have you get in with they ? you could have get kill out there . you know that ? you would not have be the first . ( continued ) 91 . 76 77 78 92 . 78 continued : 78 she be scolding now . something that 's happen to George frighten she but also have prick she curiosity . GEORGE ( stare out ) I guess so . - he be silent for a few second , as if the question have no place in he think , nor the answer any relevance . GEORGE ( cont ’d ) luck , I guess . judy not luck I have want . GEORGE bad luck . '' Judy look at he uncertainly . judy ( with distaste ) aileen want she car back , George . George look at she , emerge out of he preoccupation at the sound of he mother 's name . GEORGE where 's she ? judy ( reluctantly ) she call from down in rock Springs . I do not really know the particular . she want I to wire she some money . which I do . but of course I tell she about you . and she say she want to see you , say she have take the bus up here . she 's afraid you 's / be mad at she . I tell she you have be through a patch down here . it be not a real nice chat . GEORGE yeah . thanks . judy she be real interested about she car , too . GEORGE it 's she car ... ( more ) ( continued ) 78 79 80 81 pink page 7/6/89 93 . - continued : 78 GEORGE ( cont ’d ) ( a beat ) where be she ? judy out at the tropicana Motel , like a you be come in from natrona , room 242 . she call last night from there . she sound all right . I do not know _ what to tell you , George . she 's you mother . GEORGE okay . judy I do not want you to take I home now . just leave I sittin’ here and goon . in 1l call somebody . harl 's nut today . I may have to leave myself pretty soon . I can not always take it even though I love hin . ( laugh humorlessly ) that 's catchin’ , be not it ? GEORGE I guess so . Judy lean across the table and hug he and kiss he on the cheek . int . greyhound depot - day 79 George go directly to the locker . he open it and there be the envelope with the $ 3,000 , just as he and Lucy have leave it . he pocket the money and walk out . ext. / int . drive through casper '' 80 . George drive toward the western outskirt of casper , ' he drive until he see a yellow fotel , turn in and drive around to the parking lot . 82 83 pink page 7/6/89 94 . - ext . motel room ~ morning 82 George walk along the 2nd level of motel room , look in through one screen , see a man lie on a bed asleep , then walk out farther '' : until he reach room 242 . he see aileen through the window before she notice he . she finally do , come to the door . int . aileen 's motel room - morning 83 aileen be in stock foot , wear blue jeans , she hair tie back as though it be dirty . she turn in the middle of the small room and smile at he . her suitcase be open on the floor beside the bed . some fold clothes be on the unmade cover . she be pack and unrepentant but wish , if possible , still to be he mother . GEORGE hi. aileen ( sweetly ) come in , George . it 's ' the height of '' grandeur in here , be not it ? I be just try to put some order on thing . aileen look around the room . the bathroom door be open and the light on . - she go over and close it , then sit on the bed . aileen ( cont ’d ) privacy can be you burden sometimes . ( a beat ) look like somebody whacked you cheek . GEORGE yeah . they do . aileen what happen to you hand ? GEORGE same thing . aileen we can talk about all that business if you want to . GEORGE we do not have to . ( continued ) ee be 83 continued : aileen I be interested . GEORGE it 's not very interesting . aileen have you be try to find I ? GEORGE no. aileen - ( sympathetically ) that 's good . I just take a flyer . you know ? - GEORGE I know . ( a beat ) where 's Woody ? . aileen oh. Woody . she clear she throat and begin to put on a pair of high - heele shoe . aileen ( cont ’d ) Woody decide to leave the Air Force early . but they come and take he back . I do not see any future in that for I . GEORGE ( watch she ) I guess not . aileen finish with she shoe and smile at he . aileen have you get a compliment for you oid mom ? I /d like one . GEORGE ( reluctant ) - you look pretty . I be glad to see you . aileen take a piece of fold clothing from beside she and lay it in she bag . ( continued ) 83 96 . 83 continued : 83 aileen that ' 's a nice one . I be glad to see you , toc. ( a beat ) would you like to go have lunch ? GEORGE no , thanks . she smile at he in acknowledgment , then reach to the night table , take a tissue out of a small package and blow she nose . she 's not cry , only at a loss . aileen sometimes , you know , I /11 think about something I do . just something . year ago . or last week even . and it 's as if I have read it . be not that strange ? GEORGE yes . aileen ( smile ) maybe that 's not so bad , finally , maybe it 's a disease I have . you think I ' 1l get well ? GEORGE ( smile ) I do not know . maybe . I hope so . 1 aileen why do not you sit down ? George sit in the little write - desk chair , face she . aileen ( cont ’d ) ( smile ) how 's my beautiful car hold up ? do you drive it ? she stand , walk to the window and look out . she can see she car in the lot . GEORGE it 's fine . it could use a accelerator pedal spring be all . you can have it back . aileen oturn to face he ) maybe I will . ( more ) {continued ) 83 continued : aileen ( cont ’d ) ( a beat ) georgie , I be not very good at share thing right now . I be sorry . I ‘’1l answer anything you would like to ask I . whether I even want to or not . you do not have to trust I . we / be both grown-ups . GEORGE ( abruptly ) be you ever marry before ? aileen ( indignant ) who tell you that ? that be not true . do Jack say that to you ? that 's a awful thing to say . GEORGE ( sheepish ) he do not say it . Woody do it . I just want to know the answer . aileen ( pack ) Woody . how wonderful . not that it matter . when I marry you father I think he would take I out of the stick . and that be not exactly what happen . so. I / have like a less domestic life for a while . that 's all . GEORGE I understand that . aileen ( sweetly ) De you think you understand woman ? have you have some experience with woman ? GEORGE sort of . yes. aileen ( resign ) sort of 's enough . you life 's you own business , sweetheart . sometimes it scare you to death , it 's so much you own business , you just want to run . you know ? ( continued ) 97 . 83 pink page 7/6/89 / 98 83 : 83 GEORGE I do not . but I do now . aileen ( good-humored ) do you want I to go home with you ? be that what you would like ? GEORGE do you want to ? aileen well , no . I really do not . GEORGE well . then. do not . aileen you be not exactly like you * father , be you ? * GEORGE ( confidently ) * no . * aileen okay . we be on we own in this , right ? GEORGE right , we be . * aileen ( smile sadly ) you can not fix people . ( pause ) let 's get out of here . this place give I the willy . they exit the room . 84 . ext . motel parking lot - morning - 84 * ' George and aileen walk toward she car , George carry she bag . aileen where be I take you ? GEORGE Bus station . ( a beat ) where be you go ? aileen ( light-heart ) I do not know . Florida ? get a tan . maybe I could go to college . who know ? you wanna go ? pink page 7/6/89 99 84 continued 84 GEORGE no . aileen I do not blame you . GEORGE I have get some money . do you want some of it ? aileen how much have you get ? GEORGE a thousand dollar . George stop , take the money from he pocket , hand it to aileen . aileen I do not know where you get it . GEORGE here . it 's great . I work for it . they resume walk to the car . 85 int . car / drive in casper - wyoming 85 aileen drive , George ride . they be release from 's some pressure . they arrive at the Greyhound station . aileen stop outside . aileen nsmile , embarrassed ) so. I be forty - two year old . this be where I be at this point . George reach and take the photograph from under the visor , hold it without look at it . GEORGE it 's just something I want . aileen . oh , right . that 's for you . you keep that . we will look at it someday and laugh about it . ( continued ) pink page 7/6/89 100 . . 85 continued : . 85 George open the door to get out . aileen I want you to have a good life . give I a hug . I / x11 see you again . that 's for sure . GEORGE okay . they embrace in the front seat . tear be in aileen 's eye . aileen I have get a knot in my stomach , of all thing . be not that odd ? George get out , close the door . aileen drive away , leave George stand alone , watch she go . 86 int . greyhound terminal - day 86 George go to the ticket desk , look beyond the ticket agent , read the departure and arrival . he look at the clock , see it be 2:00 p.m . GEORGE when 's the next bus go to San Francisco ? agent ( routinely , read from a sheet ) ten o'clock tonight . GEORGE how about north ? _ the agent rub he eye and look at the board . agent ( vaguely sarcastic ) North . like to Canada ? GEORGE ( react to mention of Canada ) beat . : * no. to Montana . great Falls . agent ( bored ) billing , bozeman , butte , helena , great Falls . five -eighteen . George look at the board again , consider . ( continued ) 86 ~~ 87 o~ ~~ continued : GEORGE okay . great Falls . he pay for a ticket use the money Lucy leave and put it in he pocket . int . greyhound terminal / pay phone - day George make a collect call to he father , who answer . GEORGE ( softly , close to phone ) hi , hi . it 's I . jack ( v.o. ) ( sternly , but relieved ) where the hell be you ? GEORGE ( quick1y ) . down in Wyoming . I be in casper . jack ( v.0 . ) what the heli for ? what the hell be you do ? GEORGE / I be on my way home . I / 1 ] probably be there tomorrow . I be on the bus . jack ( v.0 . ) i where 's you mother ? be you with she ? GEORGE no . she ' 's not . ( a beat ) * I see she . she get back she car . jack ( v.0 . ) ( sullenly ) she will need it . do she think she 's come back ? GEORGE no . not right away . jack ( v.0 . ) XI do not get any of this . I do not get any - of it . you know what I mean ? I do not . ( continued ) 101 . 86 87 87 88 102 . continued : 87 * GEORGE ( softly ) I know . Ill be home tomorrow afternoon . okay ? jack ( v.0 . ) . sure . why not ? come home . that 's great . GEORGE ( apologetically ) I will see you . jack ( v.0 . I all see you . they hang up . int . greyhound terminal - montage - day 88 George take a seat to begin he 3 - hour wait for the bus home . the effect of the last few day have settle on he and he be abstract and undirected . he unwrap the bandage on he hand and exercise he finger painfully . he throw the bandage away . he 's incapable of relax or sit still and begin to wander around the bus station . as he do , time seem to fracture . he pass people randomly , overhear conversation , become indistinguishable within the populate depot . overheard I go out there in the night where he be change he shirt . overheard ~ I wonder if the FBI would be call my house . he stare at soldier and Indians , farmer , old man and backpacker , fixate on a idle gesture or on someone ' 's shoe . he 's become more abstract . overheard I think he want I , you know . but when he start he just lose he heart . he play pinball . - he go into the little diner , drink a '' Coke and watch the fry-cook . for brief moment time seem to slow down , the sound blur . ( continued ) pink page 7/6/89 103 . - continued : L 88 two girl , early twenty , stand in front of a open locker . one vaguely resemble Lucy , change she blouse while the other girl shield she . George watch , transfix , stand against a column . he be remember Lucy . a man walk past where George be stand . he be a large , pulky man in he fifty , wear extremely handsome western clothes : snake-skin boot , whipcord trousers , a silver rodeo buckle belt , white shirt and hat and a fleece - line denim jacket . he be carry a hard - sided attache case and a wrap package , which he deliver to the ticket counter for express service . it be the man George have see make a call outside the eden Isle motel day before . the man have notice George and walk over , surprising George out of he reverie . man ( amiable but businesslike ) do you ever find any work ? I see you at the motel . ' GEORGE I be not look for work . man . you see you family here ? GEORGE no . '' man bus never go anyplace particularly good , do they ? GEORGE sometimes they do . man . where 's yours go ? GEORGE Home . man where 's home ? . __ GEORGE broadview ; Montana . man what do - you do there ? ( continued ) 88 continued : 104 . 88 GEORGE ( suspicious ) I live there . man you break ? GEORGE ( uninterested ) - no. man ( accuse ) you look break . GEORGE look lie , then . the man smile at George as if to dismiss he and leave . GEORGE ( cont ’d ) ( idly ) you still pass out job on the street ? man ( casually ) why , do you decide you want to earn a lot of money ? GEORGE : do what ? man work . that ' 's the only way to make money , unless you steal it . GEORGE work do what ? man work the oil field up in gillette . roughneck work . GEORGE where 's that at ? man it 's a long way from here . a half day 's drive in a car . twenty year on the bus . . ( continued ) 88 continued : immediate 105 . 88 GEORGE ( idly ) how would I get there if I want a job ? man - I have take you . GEORGE ( earnestly ) I do not know anything about that kind of work . man well . you have just have to learn then . you ever learn anything before ? GEORGE ( get the point ) yeah . man you get along with you parent okay ? GEORGE none of you business . man they bust up ? GEORGE no , they be not bust up . they be at home . man what happen to you hand ? - the man reach and take George 's red , scratch hand and look at it . . GEORGE nothing . it work fine . George look vaguely around the squalid bus station , he prospect coursing through he mind , then come to a dead stop . he look down , think a moment more , then look at the man . GEORGE ( cont ’d ) } I 'il take a job if you get one . I can work . ( continued ) 88 89 continued : pink page 7/6/89 man I do not know . ( look come over to that bathroom with I . around ) George smile , look at the man a bit disbely . GEORGE ( smile what for ? ) man I 'il show you . do not worry . George do not move , smile suspiciously , look across at the batter restroom door then up at the man . GEORGE ( as if tease ) what be it ? man ( good naturedly ) come on . what 's the matter ? you afraid ? GEORGE * ( quickly ) no . George glance around as.if he 's be watch do something shady , follow - the man across the depot wait room and walk inside . int . restroom - day 106 . - 88 89 in the restroom a traveller be stand at the mirror wiping he face after shave . the traveller glance at then . George and the man step inside . the man set he attache case on a sink top , open it as if look for papers . George look around the room , wait , on what he be not sure . as he talk , and unseen by George , the man take a pair of cow-skin drive glove out of he case and put they on . man I always look forward to eat a decent meal when I come into town , you know . but the one place I really like , this Enrique 's . they close . just go . I like that italian food , boy . lasagna . vermicelli . veal marsala . ( continued ) 89 faw rael «iui we 107 . continued : . 89 the traveller leave . George look around relaxed by the man 's conversation . the man turn and look at George seriously . man ( cont ’d ) all right now , son . he step in and hit George a hard blow with the flat of he hand straight across the cheek , knock George against the sink and half off he foot . the man advance on hin quickly , without speak , flash a ungainly leave hand -- open fist -- and hit George across the other cheek , knock he further down . George scramble up , he eye narrow , gasp for breath . again the man very quickly and methodically move in , but George slide off to the leave and when the man swing he flat hand , George be angle beside he and hit he 4 time in the face -- in combination ~ - use he painful , injure hand , and knock the man against the unlatch stall door cause he to lose he balance and fall inside . as with the fight against the indian boy earlier , this be a sudden , vicious , unmerciful fight . Real ferocity have be trigger in he , a fierceness only the last week of he life could have precisely release . man ( ending the test ) all right ! back off , yo son'of a bitch ! : GEORGE I will beat you to death ! man ( surprised ) Jesus ! it 's okay !! you be try to kill I . - GEORGE ( angrily ) what the fuck be this ? George stop and step back . 4 _ man | — ; help I out of nere .. _ GEORGE _ pull yourself out . George turn and staik out of the bathroom . '' he walk to the 's seat hes be occupy . '' he 's red -face , out - of - breath and angry , feel he 's be have . he sit , in a state of confuse belligerence , he eye darting . the man , who 's come out of the yestroam after he '- though not actually chase he - approach , wiping nis face with a white — * ae rh * 89 90 pink page : 7/6/89 108 89 man no use take any pussy up there . you look like a pussy to I . GEORGE so. well . I would not get the job otherwise ? * fuck you . how 's that ? * man ( derisively ) a man 's gotta do what a man 's gotta do . * six hundred buck a weex . you up for it ? * GEORGE ~ no. * man ( dismally ) - great . * GEORGE ( second-think but still angry ) eight hundred . * man ( smile , derisive ) and not a penny less , I be sure . * George stare he in the eye , say nothing . * man '' ( smile still ) o-kay . you get it . * ext . greyhound terminal . - afternoon George and the man be leave the building , talk . the man reach in he inside pocket . man you break ? GEORGE ( lie ) . sure . * the man produce a wallet , give George a hundred - dollar bill . man do not gamble it away . save you money for college . GEORGE 1 do not gamble . the man laugh . man whew ! you just start ( a beat ) come on . 90 91 109 . continued : 90 the two of they walk across the parking lot to a large , new pickup . ext . pickup truck ~ afternoon 91 a roughneck in a hard hat sit inside the pickup . ~ he look blankly at George . the man open the driver 's door , put he case inside .. man get in the back . we / will find you a place inside once we be go . George look at the back of the pickup . the man turn to hin . man ( cont ’d ) my name 's billy abbott . GEORGE ( halting ) George . they shake hand . George climb in the bed of the pickup . billy you can not get trustworthy boy anymore . I prefer you farm boy . you know how to work . GEORGE ( softly ) I / be not a farm boy . materiel be in the back ; coil of wire , tool , grocery . George make a place for himself . the man get in , check on George , who 's settle , then start the truck . billy . ( good - naturedly to roughneck ) I would not want to be a kid again . George say nothing , look out over the back of the truck . we follow close on George as the truck pull away , out into the street and up to a red light . camera move very close , rest quietly on and examine George 's face as he stare out while the truck idle at the long red light . : . finally the light change . truck and George slowly pull away . :