bright STAR by Jane campion shoot script 4th April 2008 ( include all amendment ) producer jan chapman Jan chapman production pty Ltd po box 476 woollahra nsw 2025 Australia producer caroline hewitt brightstar film Limited 18 antrobus Road London w4 5hy United Kingdom '' pathé production Limited , screen Australia , british Broadcasting Corporation , UK Film Council , New South Wale Film and Television Office and Jan chapman production pty Ltd 2009 ext . hampstead heath - dawn 1 Morning light , lemon and faint through the tree of hampstead heath . a squirrel run along the branch of a tree . october 1818 . int . bedroom elm cottage - early morning 2 a thread of cotton nose it 's way through the eye of the needle . fanny brawne age 18 be sewing by first light while she 9 - year old sister margaret sleep . her stitches be confident , intricate and fast . the white muslin she be sewing be delicate and fine . the glint of the steel needle as it weave then pull , weave then pull a trail of perfect stitches . int . the kitchen elm cottage - morning 3 mrs brawne 40 enter the kitchen dress to go out . fanny , the maid charlotte and little Margaret be all sewing different part of fanny 's white muslin dress . Samuel , she 14 - year old brother , sit apart munch toast . mrs brawne have you forget we be go to Mr and Mrs dilke for tea ? we be to meet Mr Brown 's poet friend Mr keat . fanny no I have not forget . can you help Margaret , the stitches must be small and exactly even . Mrs brawne take over from she youngest daughter . fanny ( cont have ) what if Mr Brown have already poison Mr keat against I ? I shall not be afraid to take they on in wit . if I be in the mood I could lash they both . mrs brawne why not ignore Mr Brown ? fanny he provoke I ! mama it be he game . I must defend myself . int . bedroom elm cottage - morning 4 fanny finish some intricate hair arrangement , with the help of little Margaret , who pass the pin to she mother who be secure they . blue page 04/04/08 2 . int . kitchen elm cottage - morning 5 the may finish press the dress . she carry it upstairs over she arm like a baby . ext . washing line at the back of elm cottage - day 6 fanny , a vision in white , walk elegantly between she family out onto hampstead heath , past the washer women and a maze of washing line . ext . hampstead heath field - day 7 fanny and she family walk down the heath between clothes spread out on bushes with a distant London beyond . they pass a family evict from they house with they possession , bed , wardrobe and table for sale . the air be smoke filled from the burn of autumn leave . ext /int . wentworth house - day 8 the brawne family group turn into the gate of wentworth house . fanny dauntless , she head high , she cheek pink and ready for battle . maria dilke greet they at the door , ador fanny 's new dress and it 's petal embroidery . fanny greet everyone warmly , mr dilke and little charle they son . mr brown join the group . fanny frown and look away . mr brown ah , the very well stitched little miss brawne in all she detail . mrs brawne ( to maria dilke ) where be Mr keat ? maria dilke I be afraid he be not join we . he be next door in Mr Brown 's half of the house . Mr Brown put out he hand to fanny who move past , ignore he . mr brown what be this ? what have I do ? how have I offended ? fanny I do not shake hand with a enemy . mr brown a enemy ? what have I do to you ? blue page 04/04/08 3 . fanny you do nothing to I , or for I and that be how I prefer to keep it . Mr Brown hold up he arm in mock wonder , enjoy teasing fanny as he might a lap dog . mr brown what !? fanny all right , you offence be to my fashion to which I be '' so helpless slavish ! '' mr brown I do not say that , Mrs dilke ? I never would say such nonsense . I have be ill quote . the gather move into the drawing room where tea be serve . Maria be bow she head guiltily . mr dilke ( to mr brown ) bait ... bait ... fanny ... '' she obsession with flounce and cross stitch ? '' mr brown Cross stitch ? miss brawne I do not even know what it mean , I have be wrongly use . fanny I feel the same about you poem Mr Brown , I know nothing of what they mean . in fact , they have the quality of you cigar , they puff , smoke and dissolve leave nothing but irritation ... mrs brawne fanny why not talk to one of we you hold in higher favour ? fanny Mr Brown set out to irritate and he be successful , now I set out to demolish and I be only begin . mr brown ohhh ... maria dilke fanny take this tea to poor Mr keat , he be in very poor spirit . fanny ( looking concerned ) oh . will he have sugar ? blue page 04/04/08 4 . mr brown he be compose and do not want disturbing . fanny it be my find in the business of disturbing you be the expert . mrs brawne fanny that be too far . fanny I be praise he ! mrs brawne fanny ... fanny what now I be restrain because I compliment he too much ? I withdraw . let someone else take Mr keat 's tea , I want to be leave alone to examine the length of my stitches . maria dilke ( pouring keatss tea ) please fanny I want you to go , I be want to know what you shall say about Mr keat . I have be wait two week that I may enjoy you opinion . I can not look upon he without smile and he be quick with he thought though now they be mostly sad . mr dilke his brother Tom be not at all better , very diminish . fanny 's sympathy be engage . maria dilke Mr keat nurse he alone . it be difficult work . mrs brawne be there no other family member ? maria dilke no . the parent be both dead . there be only a much young sister and a brother who emigrate to America . mrs brawne how old be Tom ? mr dilke only 19 , very painful and keat be not much older . mrs brawne I be so sorry . blue page 04/04/08 5 . int . mr brown 's house - afternoon 9 fanny stop mid corridor to check she hair and self in the hall glass . she be possess , neither pleased or displease with she appearance and dispassionate in she attention . outside Mr Brown 's door fanny stop to knock and then to turn the handle but keat surprise she by pull the door suddenly open ( expect Mr Brown ) . keat and fanny be eye to eye , each other 's petite equal . they laugh . the tea sloshes . fanny you like joke Mr keat ? I like joke . I hope we shall play some on each other . Mr Brown I warn you , do not like my joke , he complain I care for nothing but fashion . should you like cake ? fanny turn to leave . keat and what shall be say of I ? you have come to spy . fanny I come to bring you tea . keat how will you describe I ? my character ? fanny I be not the least interested in you character . keat my jacket then or my pantaloon ? fanny you need a new jacket that be what I would say . keat that be all ? fanny that it should be of velvet . keat tell I miss brawne , how be you so sure ? blue page 04/04/08 5a . fanny all that I wear I have design and sewn myself . be it not well do ? ( more ) 10 11 blue page 04/04/08 6. fanny ( cont would ) I be often tell I be clever to exception about design , I have originate the pleate edge upon the ribbon . it be charming and it have be copy ... Mr Brown enter the room and sit at he spot at the writing desk opposite keat , push he chair back to look at fanny . mr brown have she annoyed you sufficiently ? she have do brilliant well with I . Men 's room , man 's room , out , thank you . poet write . Mr Brown pick up he pen and act write . fanny leave calmly as if Mr Brown be not scuttling she . keat Goodbye minxstress . fanny my stitching have more merit and admirer than you two scribbling 's put together . keat and mr brown ohhhh . ohhhh . fanny and I can make money from it . keat ouch ! ext . STREET hampstead heath - day 10 Margaret and Samuel make they way to the bookshop , careful not to catch the eye of the hungry and homeless . int . bookshop - day 11 the bell on the bookshop door ring . Margaret and Samuel enter . they boot clunk on the board of the quiet shop , they walk to the counter . there be no - one there , they stand in front of it . a voice speak from a shelf behind . shopkeeper yes ? Samuel move to the counter . SAMUEL have you get John keat 's poem book endy ... shopkeeper endymion ? I have not hear much good about it . I have not sell one and take twenty . 12 13 blue page 04/04/08 7. the shopkeeper take a copy from a tallish pile . margaret my sister have meet the author . she want to read it for herself and decide if he be a idiot or not . int . bedroom elm cottage - day 12 fanny at home in she room sew the tiny pleat of a triple mushroom pleated collar . her needle weaving in and out , then draw the thread through . her eyelash catch in the pale white SUN . stand in she petticoat , she hold the almost complete collar to she neck and check it 's effect in the glass . she gently tilt she head to the side and point she toe . int . bedroom elm cottage - day 13 Margaret and Samuel come upstairs and enter fanny 's bedroom . Margaret take off she coat and sit . fanny 's steel needle pause . fanny unwrap it . Margaret take the brown paper from the book . fanny watch . she take the book in she own hand , turn it over , open it to the title page . then pass it back to Margaret . fanny ( cont have ) read it . her needle weave in and out of the pleat , draw it 's pale thread behind it . margaret endymion book 1 '' a thing of beauty be a joy for ever : its loveliness increase ; it will never pass into nothingness ; but still will keep a bower quiet for we , and a sleep full of sweet dream , and health , and quiet breathe . therefore , on every morrow , be we wreathing a flowery band to bind we to the earth '' fanny 's eye stop and go deeply inside , she be listen . her needle again weave in and out of the fine pleat . she be sewing faster . margaret ( cont would ) '' spite of despondence , of the inhuman dearth '' 14 blue page 04/04/08 8. fanny stop . Margaret stop and look to fanny . fanny stop sewing . fanny ( cont have ) I be completely lose ... fanny take the book from Margaret . fanny ( cont have ) '' ... yes , in spite of all , some shape of beauty move away the pall from we dark spirit . '' int . the royal artillery mess - evening 14 the royal artillery mess at woolwich , a dance and fanny in the centre of it in she new gown . she dance with a study grace . the effect be elegant yet mannered . in the interval she sight a under dress keat sit back , ignore the dancer absorb in he thought . near he Mr Brown and they friend reynold and he sister talk loudly . fanny whisper to she young brother Samuel . Samuel slouches over to keat . SAMUEL my sister miss brawne wish to greet you Mr keat . keat and where be she ? fanny be all alone wait for he strategically pose by a large ornate mirror near the dining hall . fanny '' a thing of beauty be a joy for ever : its loveliness increase ; it will never pass into nothingness ; '' keat look surprised . keat you have read endymion ? fanny I want to adore it . keat but you hate it ? fanny I can not say . blue page 04/04/08 9 . keat be you afraid to speak truthfully ? fanny never . keat well tell I then . fanny no . I be not at all clever with poetry . keat neither it seem be i. still I have hope for myself . what do you make of my hope miss brawne ? fanny I think hope very useful . keat but ... fanny but hope and result be very different . one do not create the other . keat could practice help ? fanny yes it might . I be not always able to stitch so well . keat ah ha , I must practice my stitches . fanny look at keat . fanny let I do the sewing , I have such a start . this be the first frock in woolwich or hampstead to have a_ triple - pleate - mushroom collar . keat look about to realise there be only fanny , himself and they reflection . keat ( intimately ) behind you I see one I fear to be identical . fanny disconcert , turn to see she own reflection , she laugh very pleased with the joke . she see a group of military men , dance partner search for she . she put she back to they so she may finish talk . 15 blue page 04/04/08 10 . fanny my card be completely full ; three I have meet before and be suitor . Mr tarrant be scare I with he talk of estate and he dog , he have eleven . maman say it be possible to love almost anybody and I will come to understand that . keat ( gesture ) even Mr ---? fanny tarrant ? yes , be not that a miracle ? but you do not dance Mr keat . I love to dance . keat I do not feel like dance .. fanny you brother be still ill ? keat he be no better . fanny I have think of he often and wish to make he something . would lemon wafer be agreeable ? keat he would like so much that you have think of he . fanny my papa be ill for as long as I can remember . he die when I be still a child . fanny tear up . she take out a small white embroidered handkerchief and pat she eye . the two military men spot fanny and come over . keat bow and depart while fanny be lead out on to the dance floor . she have recover herself and be dance with quaintly exaggerated hand movement aim at affect a personal stylishness . the reynold sister notice and comically impersonate . apparently for keat 's benefit . he be not amused by they or by fanny but be alone and alienate int . kitchen elm cottage - day 15 on the kitchen table fanny and the may be grate lemon rind . dabbing wafer mix onto a oven tray . stoke the FIRE . from the cook wafer fanny toss all but the most perfect onto a rubbish heap . she line a basket with linen . then pause , she turn from the table . 16 17 blue page 04/04/08 11 . quickly she swoops on Margaret 's frock where she snip a lemon ribbon off she neckline and begin to tie it decoratively on the basket . margaret mother ! fanny have take my ribbon and she never ask . mama ! Margaret go in search of she mother who she find in the hall way . margaret ( cont would ) she have cut my ribbon . Mrs brawne enter the kitchen to see a mess of shatter and discarde wafer and fanny tie the ribbon on she basket of 20 perfect wafer . mrs brawne what be you do fanny ? fanny I be try to bring some comfort to a die man . Mrs brawne pick up one of the discard wafer from a huge stack . mrs brawne what die man ? where be you take they ? fanny I can not offer poor Mr keat 's brother anything that be not perfect . mrs brawne but so many of they look quite well . fanny mama , quite well ! he may die . I can not offer he anything but we most beautiful and we best . ext . wentworth house - day 16 fanny carry the basket of wafer as the three young brawne 's walk up the path to wentworth House . int . wentworth house - day 17 Inside the house they walk down the corridor to Mr Brown 's apartment . fanny knock . mr brown no thank you , poet at work . blue page 04/04/08 12. fanny it be I , miss brawne . I have something to deliver to Mr keat . mr brown leave it at the door . fanny be Mr keat not there ? keat I be here . mr brown we be work miss brawne . fanny I have something for Mr keat 's brother . heavy footstep . Mr Brown open the door . fanny hold out a basket with a lace napkin laid over the top . Mr Brown whip off the lace cover and pinch a wafer . mr brown mmmm. ..delicious ... fanny you vile , disgusting , ape ! a sad keat turn he head towards fanny at the door and watch listlessly . keat invite miss brawne inside . let they all come in . Mr Brown stand aside , gobble he wafer . mr brown be careful you enter the ape cage , ( mimick a monkey ) hoo , hoo , hoo . fanny you be invisible to I , you idiot , you ... keat come and sit here , next to I miss brawne . my prospect in the world feel very faint . fanny this room be so poorly care for . it be half night in here for want of pull you drape back . she pass over the wafer . 18 blue page 04/04/08 13 . fanny ( cont have ) please try one . I be anxious they will cause he to choke . keat take one . Mr Brown put he hand into the basket fanny whip it away . fanny ( cont have ) no ! they be baked for someone very ill . try another and I swear I shall bite you . mr brown ohhh , I be very scared . keat take care , she have sharp tooth . she have sink she fang into my poor poem and shook it apart . fanny I be very sorry I could not love you endymion completely Mr keat . perhaps I do not say but I think the beginning of you poem something very perfect . fanny turn to go . keat no , do not leave we . you can see for yourself , nothing be happen . all day we lie about the room begging for inspiration . tell I what I must do . fanny there be something sordid and menace that I do not at all enjoy in the atmosphere . I be in a hurry to get myself away . I feel I be inside a cage with two monkey . keat we monkey just want a little company . Mr Brown steal another wafer . fanny spin away . fanny how dare you ! ext . hampstead heath - day 18 fanny , Margaret and Samuel walk back fast through the heath . a great gust of wind send the autumn leave spiralling upwards . keat , flush face be jogging after they but somewhat behind they . he have fanny 's basket in he hand . blue page 04/04/08 13a . keat if we have finish tiffing , come and say '' hello '' to Tom , it might cheer he . blue page 04/04/08 14 . margaret we will have to ask mama . fanny no we do not toot . margaret yes we do , be not that so Samuel ? we have to stay together . Samuel shrug . fanny walk off . fanny well then , I be go and you will have to come with I . keat stand at the junction of many track . keat should you like to go by the pond or through the wood ? I have explore all this path which be more in number than you eyelash . fanny my eyelash ? fanny bat she eyelash and laugh . she walk beside keat . fanny ( cont have ) it amaze I that you can sit opposite Mr Brown all day . I have never hear he say one thing of wit . not one ! keat you favour wit ? fanny I rate it the high . keat you like the fashionable ? fanny yes , I do . keat Men who say thing that make you start without make you feel ? fanny no , thing that be amusing . keat I know this dandy 's , they have a mannerism in they very eat and drink , in they handle of a decanter . 19 20 blue page 04/04/08 15 . fanny you be make a attack on I . keat no , I be defend Mr Brown 's generous good heart . fanny by attack myself ? keat forgive I . I have be too long at my brother 's sick bed . fanny can we not still appreciate clever humour ? keat what witty thing can be say of a nineteen year old drown in he own blood ? fanny suddenly realise the seriousness of Tom 's illness . fanny nothing , nothing at all . ext . keat 's apartment well walk - day 19 the three brawne 's lead by keat , arrive in the courtyard of he rent apartment in well walk . keat lead they in . mrs bentley oh thank God ! he 's be call out for you . keat Excuse I . int . tom 's room well walk - day 20 he enter tom 's room in the other room fanny glimpsis keat hold he pale , groan brother who struggle to breathe . it look grim , hopeless . margaret I want to go . I want to leave . it smell . fanny shush , or I 'il cut you hair in the night . keat come back out look pale and sadden . keat he be feverish and can not speak . 21 22 blue page 04/04/08 16 . fanny should I call a nurse ? keat I train for 5 year as a doctor , there be nothing to be do . tear spring to fanny 's eye , she give keat the lemon wafer . fanny the wafer . ext . wentworth house - evening 21 wentworth House in the evening . both side of the house be lit up for a evening entertainment . people be arrive , walk up the path to the house . int . hall wentworth house - evening 22 Inside fanny and she family be remove they peliss and overcoat with the dilke 's help when keat arrive . there be lot of '' good evening '' and jollity . mr dilke ( to keat ) I do not see you bassoon , I hope you have not forget it . keat not at all , it 's in my waistcoat pocket . fanny watch keat arrival keenly . fanny Mr keat . keat hello minx . fanny how be Tom ? keat look away from fanny suddenly anxious . mr brown gentlemen of the orchestra to the leave , lady to the right . fanny Mr keat how be ... keat ( to fanny ) do not ask I of Tom , minx . the only good I can do be say how I love he . 23 24 25 blue page 04/04/08 17 . mr brown rehearsal have begin . hurry on gentleman . keat let we start with some claret to tune the instrument . Mr dilke walk after keat play a invisible violin . fanny watch they disappear . int . dilke' drawing room wentworth house - evening 23 the lady , Mrs brawne , Mrs dilke , the reynold sister , fanny and the child sit quietly together in the dilke 's draw room . the reynold sister play card with the older woman while fanny sew a flower pattern onto a piece of lawn . from they room they can hear the loud voice of the men in the opposite wing . fanny 's needle pick out the outline of the leaf . int . dilke' kitchen wentworth house - evening 24 in the kitchen Mrs dilke , she cook and fanny carry plate of pickle , cheese and meat through into the man 's room . fanny seek out keat who be drown he sorrow in play , he and another friend , mr severn the artist , be have a duel use celery stick . fanny put the plate down on the table and leave with the other unnotice . int . dilke' drawing room wentworth house - evening 25 fanny and Mrs dilke come back into the insular world of lady . reynold sister 1 ( to maria dilke ) we be just tell Mrs brawne of John keat 's review in blackwood . reynold sister 2 we do not know there be people leave who have not read it . reynold sister 1 you have not see it ? maria dilke in this house we do not acknowledge it . fanny be it so very bad ? maria dilke I can not bring myself to remember ... blue page 04/04/08 18. reynold sister 2 it have stick in my mind . '' ... no man , whose mind have ever be imbue with the smallest knowledge or feel of classical poetry or classical history , could have ... '' reynold sister 1 ( join in ) '' , .. profane and vulgarise every association in the manner which have be adopt by this '' son of promise '' ... '' fanny do they not admire the open ? the open be perfect even I could know that . reynold sister 1 do you like poetry miss brawne ? fanny no . poem be a strain to work out - and I never can tell if I have work they well . the reynold sister titter . JOHN reynold enter the room . he be a lawyer poet friend of keat reynold sister 1 John we be talk or about to talk of you defence of Mr keat 's poem endymion . JOHN reynold yes ... '' I have clung to nothing , love a nothing , nothing see or feel but a great dream ! ot have be presumptuous against love against the sky , against all element , against the tie of mortal each to each . '' the rhythm be beautiful and unique . there be rhyme but not on the beat , they be quiet but bind and the repetition set you up to fly . '' I have clung to nothing , love a nothing , nothing see . '' reynold indicate the expanse of flight . JOHN reynold ( cont would ) here you come out '' or feel but a great dream ... '' fanny it 's beautiful . JOHN reynold there be immaturity but also immensity and that be what they do not say . blue page 04/04/08 19 . reynold sister 1 it be say , you say it brother . JOHN reynold thank you . reynold sister 1 indeed you say it beautifully . reynold sister 2 very bravely . Mr severn walk into the room . mr severn lady the hampstead heathen be about to begin . reynold ? JOHN reynold not I , I be expell . 26 int . mr brown 's room wentworth house - evening 26 the audience of lady folk squeeze into Mr Brown 's candle lit room . the fifteen gentleman be formally assemble . keat , Mr Brown and they friend perform a well know mozart piece with they human orchestra . fanny watch quietly focus on keat . the reynold sister enter confidently into the festivity , '' ohhhing '' and '' ahhhing '' , laugh affectedly . 27 int . elm cottage - day 27 fanny and she brother and sister be have dance instruction from they very effeminate french dance master . they use a BOX mirror to correct they posture . through the window , fanny notice a teary face Maria dilke gesture to Mrs brawne who leave . the class continue with fanny dance in the formal style of the time but she feeling overwhelm she . tear fill she eye . dance master fanny , tempo . un deux trois , un , deux , trois . fanny have stop still . tear roll down she cheek . she leave the room . dance master ( cont have ) Mademoiselle ... she walk down the hall to the kitchen where Maria dilke be be comfort by Mrs brawne and a cup of tea . fanny be it Tom ? have he die ? 28 29 blue page 04/04/08 20 . Maria dilke turn and nod she head . fanny leave , push past toot . margaret fanny vient de quitter la classe de danse . ( fanny just leave the class . ) mrs brawne laisse-la . ( leave she . ) int . fanny 's bedroom elm cottage - day 28 fanny pull out a piece of ivory silk . she slice through the material with scissor . Mrs brawne enter the room . she watch fanny sobbing loudly as she work , then bend to help fanny pin two rectangle of the silk together . fanny 's needle be thread with a light GREEN cotton . her needle fly in and out make a line of grass . out of the grass she sew stem and wild flower . int . brawne' parlour / hall / front door elm cottage - day 29 John keat , Charles Brown and the brawne 's sit in the brawne 's parlour . fanny be silent . Mr Brown talk to Mrs brawne who be all solicitude . mr brown I wake with the strange sensation of someone hold my hand . I open my eye and there be John . I know immediately what have happen and then he say '' Tom die at 8 o'clock quietly and without pain . '' of course Mr keat can not go on live there , so I have invite he to stay with I . Mr Brown stand , sighing , look towards a numb keat . mr brown ( cont would ) aghuh , we have a long schedule of visit . fanny sit with she eye downcast . keat be watch she sense she disappointment that they be leave so soon . mrs brawne I do not want to interfere with you city plan but you be most welcome to have dinner with we . we have provide and set the table ... keat ( quietly to fanny ) minx ? be you unwell ? I have never see you so quiet . blue page 04/04/08 20a . fanny I be sad for you brother Mr keat . blue page 04/04/08 21 . fanny hand he the silk embroider pillow slip wrap in black cloth . margaret she have be sewing it all through the night . keat begin to unwrap it , enough to see the beautiful stitching and the simple pattern of wild flower on the edge . keat I be afraid I will break down . tell I what it be ? fanny it be a pillow slip . keat then I shall rest Tom 's head upon it . mr brown keat , the reynold be expect we . keat I will catch you up . thank you . keat kiss the pillow slip . Mr Brown have come across and be whisper in keat ear . mr brown let we get out of here . it be a loud whisper , loud enough so that fanny and keat both hear . fanny , shame , watch as the two man continue discuss , she catch phrase , '' would like to stay '' , '' we be expect by hayden and lamb '' . keat put on he coat . keat invite I again , alone . fanny come for Christmas . keat should not you ask you mother ? fanny no , what one of we want we all wish for , that be how we be . keat look unconvince . fanny ( in french ) ( cont have ) maman I have invite Mr keat for Christmas dinner . 30 31 blue page 04/04/08 22 . mrs brawne yes , Mr keat , please do join we . Margaret and Samuel loudly enthuse . margaret and SAMUEL yes. hurrah . please do , please ! mr brown but Marianne reynold invite we for Christmas . you be there when she say it , remember they be have musician ? the brawne child be crestfallen . fanny defiant . mr brown ( cont would ) I be sorry to spoil thing . mrs brawne not at all . wherever Mr keat be happy we be happy for he . margaret why can not he be happy with we ? fanny because Mr Brown want Mr keat all to himself . mr brown I be merely remember to Mr keat a previous engagement . fanny turn and walk back inside elm Cottage . mr brown ( cont would ) you be walk away miss brawne ! I think we be converse ... int . brawne drawing room elm cottage - day 30 fanny and she sister sew in silence . int . brawne kitchen elm cottage - day 31 Mrs brawne and Charlotte the may work quietly together make mince pie . a letter be deliver to the kitchen door . Charlotte give the letter to Mrs brawne . 32 33 34 blue page 04/04/08 23. int . brawne drawing room elm cottage - day 32 Mrs brawne come into the draw room with the open letter . Margaret and fanny look up but fanny do not pause in she neat small stitches mrs brawne ( read ) '' dear Mrs brawne , May I yet join you for Christmas ? I have not the health or the heart to be anywhere but with a family such as you own . '' John keat . int . brawne kitchen elm cottage - evening 33 fanny , the may , Mrs brawne and Margaret prepare the Christmas dinner . potatoe be peel , profiterole be fill with cream , peas be shell , a goose be baking in the oven . Margaret be count cutlery at the window . margaret Mr keat have come ! Margaret run out the kitchen back door . fanny 's hand be cover in flour . she turn she back to she mother who unty she apron . fanny rinse she hand and dry they . carefully she adjust she hair and smooth she frock . ext . STREET elm cottage - evening 34 Margaret fly down the street and throw herself into keat 's arm who carry she . keat do you know the difference between a caterpillar and a cheese ? margaret a caterpillar and a cheese ? keat yes . margaret of course . keat ( dropping her to her feet ) then you be too old for I to carry you . keat look up the garden path to see fanny , a perfect doll , frame at the open front door . 35 blue page 04/04/08 24 . int . brawne drawing room elm cottage - evening 35 keat be crouch on the sit room floor stroking the brawne 's cat . fanny come in with a tray of glass , she be shy of look at keat but acutely aware of he . she polish each glass with a cloth and place it on the table . fanny I wonder this morning if you be sleep in my bed . keat pardon ? fanny be you sleep in my bed ? keat be confuse and amaze . keat no ... fanny you see I believe you be . have you forget that we rent Mr Brown 's half of the house this summer while you be journey in Scotland ? which room do you sleep in ? keat the one overlook the back garden . fanny that be my bed . for proof , pull it out from the wall and by the pillow you will finda figure I draw with pin hole . keat be the figure you ? fanny no . it be a fairy princess . keat should I be feed she ? fanny no , she refuse to eat . but what she might like be a good night poem . Mr keat will you teach I poetry ? I want to understand , but I do not know how to begin . Margaret come in put a bread roll on each person plate . keat stroke the cat watch fanny , the movement of she hand as she fold the napkins and the angle of she head as she examine the arrangement of the table . 36 blue page 04/04/08 25 . int . brawne dine room elm cottage - evening 36 the brawne 's sit about the dine table include the may . the meal be finish and keat have invent a skit that compare the English and the Scottish . there be three cup of tea on the table and the may , toot and fanny be be instruct to stir they teas in different and complimentary rhythm , clanging the edge of they cup with they spoons at the end of each cycle . keat the English draw room , now the Scottish . keat nod to Samuel who begin to play a impression of a highland tune on he violin . with pleated napkins tuck into he pantaloon kilt - like , keat do a wild impression of a highland fling . keat ( scottish accent ) ( cont would ) theeey kick and jump it and toe and go it and twirl it and wheel it , stamp and sweat and tattoo the floor ! the family clap and laugh . keat bow and remove he napkin . mrs brawne formidable , very good . margaret a poem ! other oh yes , a poem . margaret a short one . the other laugh . fanny be quiet , watch , scared to betray she grow affection for keat , she head bow . keat sit opposite and as he sit he begin to speak so naturally they be only gradually aware he be recite . keat '' when I have fear that I may cease to be before my pen have glean have my teeming brain , before high - pile book , in charactery , hold like rich garner the full ripen have grain ; when I behold , upon the night 's starr have face , huge cloudy symbol of a high romance . '' blue page 04/04/08 25a . fanny look up , she and keat be look into each other 's eye . keat be suddenly speechless . 37 38 blue page 04/04/08 26 . the family look at keat , there be a awkward pause . keat ( cont would ) I do apologise , I have go blank . but keat seem trance . mrs brawne you must be tired . should you like coffee and cake , we have not have cake . Mrs brawne be get up , clear the table . fanny sit opposite keat . neither move . finally with what seem a enormous effort fanny rise and move around the table to take keat 's plate . as fanny lean forward , keat lean in towards she . as they touch , there be a suspension of time , of breath in the room that make even Samuel puzzle a moment as he loosen he bow . keat look up at fanny , at she irresistible closeness . he run a finger across fanny 's wrist , both confirm and break the spell . keat '' two witch eye above a cherub 's mouth . '' int / ext . front door selm cottage - night 37 at the door everyone be say goodbye and wave . fanny walk out into the street with keat . fanny Mr keat have you remember the poem ? keat ( he nods and clear he throat ) '' '' , ..» huge cloudy symbol of a high romance , and think that I may never live to trace they shadow , with the magic hand of chance : and when I feel , fair creature of a hour , that I shall never look upon thee more , never have relish in the faery power of a unreflect love ; - then on the shore of the wide world I stand alone , and think till love and fame to nothingness do sink . '' fanny and keat look at each other . keat be bewitch , so be fanny . keat make a awkward bow and cough , walk into the frosty night . int . wentworth house hall - day 38 in the dark hallway fanny knock on keat and Mr Brown 's door . behind she Maria dilke take Samuel into she half of the house . Mr Brown open the door . blue page 04/04/08 26a . fanny I have come for my poetry class . 39 blue page 04/04/08 27 . fanny slip under he arm . mr brown poetry class ! int . brown 's drawing room wentworth house - day fanny and keat sit together . fanny listen intently . keat seem a little flat . keat a poet be not at all poetical , he be the most un - poetical of anything in existence , he have no identity - he be continually fill some other body , the sun , the moon ... Mr Brown watch disturb . mr brown I can not restrain my credibility longer . miss brawne may I ask you a question ? fanny you may . mr brown be this really you ? or be you act ? fanny it be really I . keat be look irritate . keat Charles I have a pupil , desist or depart . 39 Mr Brown get up , take some book and he tea cup with he . mr brown ( under he voice ) my modest hope be the cost of the lesson will not be the poet . fanny ( stand ) the cost Mr Brown be that Mr keat will forthwith discuss poetry with I not you as I shall study . mr brown you do not mean to read the poem ? fanny I do until I know all the poet and poem in the world . I have a excellent brain and nothing to do as you have so many time note . blue page 04/04/08 27a . mr brown let I bow to you ambition . blue page 04/04/08 28. Mr Brown exit . fanny now Mr Brown have go I shall find it easier to talk , he be forever scrutinise . fanny look at keat . she be unsettle by he darken mood . fanny ( cont would ) .». can you say something of the craft of poetry ? keat 's face darken . keat poetic craft be a carcass , a sham . if poetry do not come as naturally as leave to a tree it have better not come at all . fanny be write note as keat speak . keat ( cont would ) I be mistaken I be not sure I can teach you . fanny be I so extremely hopeless ? be it Mr Brown ? I be too rude ? I can apologise . keat I do not think I have the right feel towards woman . I be suspicious of my feeling . fanny I do not understand you . keat if you know what a slave to my affection I fear myself to be , and the fury it bring about in I , you might understand . fanny do you not like I ? keat I be attract without know why , all woman confuse I , even my mother . I yearn to be ruin by shrew and save by angel and in reality , I have only ever love my sister . fanny begin to put on she bonnet . fanny I be annoyed by my sister as often as I love she . and I still do not know how to work a poem out well . blue page 04/04/08 29 . keat you do not work out a poem . that would undo it 's magic . poem need understanding through the sense , they develop you negative capability not rational capability . fanny and what be negative capability ? keat you capacity for be in uncertainty , mystery , doubt , without any irritable reach after fact and reason . fanny listen , not understanding . keat ( cont would ) the point of diving in a lake be not immediately to swim to the shore but to be in the lake , to luxuriate in the sensation of water . you do not work the lake out , it be a experience beyond think . poetry soothes and embolden the soul to accept mystery . fanny I love mystery . keat I find you little princess , on the wall by my bed . fanny you could make she out ? keat I join the pin prick with my pen , she wear a butterfly frock . shall we continue with Spencer ? 40 4l 42 43 blue page 04/04/08 30 . int . brawne dine room elm cottage - morning 40 fanny and she family be have breakfast . bowls of porridge . fanny be pour over she poetry book , make note . fanny maman , Mr keat be really very brilliant , but he do not like I . he prefer toot and Samuel and even we cat who he be always petting to death . Mrs brawne watch fanny who have go back to eat , with a little wonderment and concern . mrs brawne Mr keat know he can not like you . he have no live and no income . ext . hampstead STREET - day 4l fanny and Samuel walk through the snow clad street in they wellington . int . wentworth house - day 42 fanny be let in at wentworth House by Mr Brown . she be carry a large pile of poetry book . mr brown Mr keat be not here . he say to tell you he have a sore throat and think it better to stay on in chichester . fanny look very unbely . mr brown ( cont would ) you do not believe I , come in . fanny walk into they parlour . mr brown ( cont would ) there , no Mr keat . fanny May I return this book to he room ? I know where it be . int . keatss bedroom wentworth house - day 43 fanny make she way to keat 's bedroom on she own . she put the book on he bedside table . blue page 04/04/08 30a . then sit on the bed and remove the pillow to see the tiny princess just as keat have say , outline in pen . 44 blue page 04/04/08 31 . fanny trot down the stair . Mr Brown wait at the bottom . mr brown I have order tea for we both . if you tell I what you have read , maybe I can catch up . fanny hesitates . mr brown ( cont would ) I be interested ... int . dilke sitting room - day 44 note - this scene now include SAMUEL warm and pretty Maria dilke pour tea into elegant little cup . her son lay he head in she lap . mr brown what chaucer do you read ? fanny all of it ... also Mr Spencer , Mr milton , and the odyssey ... mr brown that be a lot to read in one week . what do you think of the odyssey ? fanny I be yet part way through but I have read all Mr keat have write twice and learn some by heart . the eve of ST . agnes '' out go the taper as she hurried in ; its little smoke , in pallid moonshine , die : she close the door , she pant , all akin to spirit of the air , and vision wide : no utter have syllable , or , woe betide ! but to she heart , she heart be voluble , pain with eloquence she balmy side ; as though a tongueless nightingale should swell her throat in vain , and die , heart -stifle , in she dell . '' Mr Brown listen , impressed , a little smitten and also dubious of she claim . mr brown and what miss brawne , do you make of paradise lose ? fanny I like it . blue page 04/04/08 31a . mr brown you do not find milton 's rhyme a little pounce ? blue page 04/04/08 32 . fanny look back wide - eye at Mr Brown . Mrs dilke look up , puzzle . fanny no , not very . Mr Brown regards fanny and she wide eye . mr brown be it the material of she dress that make miss brawne 's eye so violet like ? Mrs dilke sit forward to look into fanny 's eye . fanny , quite pleased , open they towards Mrs dilke . maria dilke oh , yes they be blue . mr brown violet almost . maria dilke yes , yes . what colour be yours Mr Brown . Mr Brown big eye Mrs dilke and then fanny . fanny suitcase brown . 45 ext STREET hampstead heath - day 45 Samuel and fanny walk home through the hampstead street . fanny do you see Mr Brown ? he be amaze , he be gape . SAMUEL so many author in one week be a bit incredible fanny I know , he see I be serious , and I will read they when I have the time . 46 47 48 blue page 04/04/08 33. ext . elm house - day 46 a messenger boy approach elm House with a letter . valentine day 1819 int . brawne house stair elm cottage - day 47 Margaret climb the step to they bedroom . margaret fanny ! you have a letter . Margaret look hard at the envelope against the light . margaret ( cont would ) I think it be a valentine card . fanny come to the door . Margaret hand she the envelope . fanny promptly shut the door before Margaret can walk in and join she . fanny sit neatly on the end of she bed . at she foot a pattern be pin out . fanny '' the suitcase ? '' oh it be from Mr Brown . fanny be clearly disappointed and confuse . fanny ( cont would ) '' darling Valentine I be not sure if you should have a kiss for you violet enchantress eye or a whipping ! your , the suitcase . '' int . brawne elm cottage kitchen - day 48 keat be pace in the rain amidst the clothes line outside elm Cottage . Inside Mrs brawne and the may watch he from the kitchen window . keat appear very agitate . mrs brawne fanny , Mr keat be behave very oddly , should I invite he inside ? fanny join the woman at the window where keat continue he vigil . blue page 04/04/08 33A . 49 ext . elm cottage - day 49 fanny put on she coat and join keat outside . keat look at fanny who be pleased to see he . 50 blue page 04/04/08 34 . keat Mr Brown send you a Valentine ? fanny I think it be a joke . Mr Brown be walk up the road towards they . keat see and back off , walk towards the heath . mr brown keat ! John , wait . keat stride up the road , fanny and Mr Brown follow he . ext . hampstead heath - day he 50 fanny and Mr Brown cross the road onto the heath , where keat lead they down a avenue of tree , then across a frost scorched meadow to a copse of winter elm . no one speak . there be gravity to keat 's mood and a anger . keat take sidelong glance at fanny . keat I be away but 10 day Brown , with you encourage I to stay on and get well . now you send miss brawne a valentine card . be you lover , be that the truth ? keat walk off again unable to stand still . keat walk past Mr Brown . mr brown no John ... keat you send a card Charles , you have the income to marry , where I cannot . do you accept he miss brawne ? be I to congratulate you ? Mr Brown move to keat and by put he back to fanny talk privately . mr brown John , easy , it be a jest . keat for whom ? I do not laugh , miss brawne do not laugh . mr brown I write the valentine to amuse fanny who make a religion of flirt . I be simply smoking she so you may see who she be . Mr Brown put he arm about keat . keat pull away . 51 blue page 04/04/08 35 . keat you disgust I . mr brown John she be a poetry scholar one week and what , a military expert the next ? it be a game , she collect suitor . keat you astound I ... both of you . there be a holiness to the heart 's affection , know you nothing of that ? believe I it 's not pride , it hurt my heart . keat walk up to fanny and stand in front of she . keat ( cont would ) be you in love with Mr Brown ? why do not you speak ? mr brown she can not speak because she only know how to flirt and sew . fanny walk away , humiliate . mr brown ( calling after her ) ( cont have ) and read all milton whose rhyme do not pounce because miss brawne there be none ! there be one or two of she kind in every fashionable draw room of this city '' aheme '' over skirt length . a troubled keat take a moment or two to decide then run after fanny . together they walk across the heath . keat I be sorry . we could have a poetry lesson tomorrow . fanny turn to he , tear streaking she face . fanny ( a impressive rage ) no ! no ! I want to dance and flirt and talk of flounce and ribbon and bead until I find my old happiness and humour . keat be impressed by she passion . fade to black . ext . hampstead heath - day 51 spring . a silhouette of blossom on the heath 's tree . 52 53 54 blue page 04/04/08 36 . int . mrs brawne 's bedroom elm cottage - day 52 Mrs brawne , Margaret and fanny sit together on Mrs brawne 's bed in they nightgowns sip tea and nibbling toast from a share plate . tree filter sunlight play on the bed cover . fanny be attach the last sleeve to a dusty pink jacket . margaret I be dance , but my dress be not properly on and no matter how I haul it up it slip until it be around my ankle . fanny do you have on a petticoat ? margaret no , nothing . fanny nake ? Margaret nod and they laugh . mrs brawne do you dream fanny ? fanny be remember she dream but she be not tell . the other know better than to press she . ext . wentworth house - day 53 fanny walk along the street then up the path to wentworth House with a white blossom TWIG . she be wear a frock of snowy whiteness over which she have dusty pink empire length jacket . she look adorable . behind she Samuel follow kick a wooden ball . fanny see keat inside he room and tap at the window . ext . keat 's room wentworth house - day 54 keat leave Mr Brown at the table and throw open the window . fanny give keat the blossom sprig from behind she back . fanny I dream of you eye , it be a sign I think that I do like you . blue page 04/04/08 36a . keat even though I do not dance ? 55 56 blue page 04/04/08 37 . from behind keat Mr Brown watch edgily . mr brown ( loudly ) have we break for the day ? keat ? but keat appear not even to hear . Samuel come over to the window excited . SAMUEL ( to keat ) we be go to live next door , Mr and Mrs dilke be move to westminster and we can have six month half rent ! fanny it be a great economy for maman . but if you like , only if you like . keat climb out the window . Mr Brown close he book moodily . ext . wentworth house - day 55 note - brawne cat in basket for move to wentworth House while the dilke 's , Maria , Charles and they son move out of they side of the house , the brawne 's move in . Mr Brown and keat be talk intensely in the garden , hand behind they back . mr brown if the princess have already abandon the dwarf , we can not keep he love speech ... Samuel 's ball pass in front of they and keat split off to kick it back . Samuel and keat begin a game together . keat playfully kick at Mr Brown twice but the ball simply bounce off he leg and then Samuel and keat pass and tackle leave Mr Brown alone . he walk fast into the house . int . brawne live room wentworth house - day 56 the brawne 's goods be part unpack . Mr Brown have the family gather in the dilke 's old live room . Mr Brown stand at the fireplace while they sit and stand about they unsettle furniture . mr brown if Mr keat and myself be strolling in the garden , loung on a sofa , stare into a wall , do not presume we be not work . do nothing be the muse of the poet . blue page 04/04/08 37a . fanny ( teasing ) be this musing what we common people may know as thought ? 57 58 blue page 04/04/08 38 . mr brown thought yes , but of weightier nature . fanny sinking thought ? mr brown not really miss brawne , muse , make one 's mind available to inspiration . fanny as in amusing ? mrs brawne we thought be all very simple so you never need worry about interrupt we . we be always glad of company and should be happy if you join we for dinner on any day . int . keats’s room / stair / fanny 's room w’worth house - day 57 keat walk upstairs to he room . his hand behind he back , distract with think , the word of Mr Brown can be hear faintly from the live room . keat walk into he room and stare at the wall . fanny and Margaret climb up they stair and enter they bedroom where they resume unpack and tidy away they clothes and effect . keat move towards the wall and knock . fanny and Margaret stop still . margaret Mr keat ? fanny move towards the wall . keat on he side again knock a little rhythm . fanny reply with the same rhythm from she side . keat move he bed against the wall . fanny and Margaret listen to the sound of the bed scraping and thudding against the wall . int / ext . garden / kitchen wentworth house - day 58 a spring morning . the flowers be open they petal to early dapple SUN and the bee be busy visit each and every bloom . blue page 04/04/08 38a . amongst the flower be keat , fanny and Margaret . they be move between the blossom sniff they . 59 60 blue page 04/04/08 39 . Inside wentworth House kitchen , Mrs brawne be help they may with toast and tea . mr brown good morning , good morning . Mr Brown 's fine good spirit fade when he notice keat and fanny amongst the flower . Mrs brawne join he at the window . they watch as fanny and keat sniff from flower to flower . Samuel sit eat he toast . SAMUEL they be sniff every flower in the garden to find the best scent . charlotte Mr keat be be a bee . Mr Brown can bear it no more . he take he tea and leave . now fanny and keat be nose down in the same flower . mrs brawne fanny ! I need you help . fanny appear not to hear . Mrs brawne go outside but be immediately draw into judge between two bloom omitted 59 int . browns room & brawne drawing room / terrace wentworth 60 house - day Mr Brown observe the dance class through the open door , before he return to the table where he scan keat 's write . Mrs brawne match keat with Margaret but the dance master change they so keat become fanny 's partner . 61 blue page 04/04/08 40 . mr brown ( reading aloud eve of ST agnes ) '' soon tremble in she soft and chilly nest , in sort of wakeful swoon , perplex have she lay , until the poppied warmth of sleep oppress have her soothed limb , and soul fatigue away ; flown , like a think , until the morrow - day ; blind alike from sunshine and from rain , as though a rise should shut , and be a bud again . '' Mr Brown be blink , touch and impressed fanny and keat dance together , small and delicate faery people . int . fanny 's bedroom wentworth house - night 61 upstair Mrs brawne help fanny dress in a new ball gown , as ever it be cleverly conceive and original . a coach arrive and a young woman friend mary robinson walk up the path to wentworth House . Inside keat can hear fanny come down the stair . keat meet she in the hallway just as fanny be greeting she friend . keat where be you go , be you keep secret ? you say nothing of this on we walk . fanny it be not a secret . I be go with Mary toa dance at the mess . keat not to dance ? fanny yes . of course I will dance - why do not you come too ? keat ( low to fanny ) to watch as soldier put they arm about you ? Mrs brawne come down the stair . mrs brawne hello Mary , you have not leave yet ? fanny I be just ask Mr keat to join we but he be not persuade . keat bow and full of jealousy retreat . 62 63 blue page 04/04/08 41 . add some dancing . int / ext . fanny 's room / garden wentworth house - day 62 fanny put she dance sore foot on the floor of she room . she open she curtain to let the morning light in and see keat lie beneath she window . keat be look up at fanny . ext . the heath - day 63 it be a beautiful day . the heather on the heath be sprinkle with wild flowers . child sail they paper boat on the pond . keat and fanny wait while Margaret busy a ice cream . keat lie to I tell I you do not dance last night . fanny I do not sit down a single tune . you can see the truth in my slipper they be completely scuff . I do not think they can be wipe clean even with methylate spirit . mama be annoyed as they be expensive but I do not know how I could have prevent it . Margaret return with a vanilla ice cream . margaret May I watch the boat ? I do not want to wait again under the tree while you talk . fanny and keat walk together up the hill to they favourite spot shade from the sun and pry eye by long limb oak tree . keat ( on the way to the tree ) I have such a dream last night . fanny ohhh ? keat I think one of the great enjoyment I have ever have in my life . fanny well tell I . keat I be float above the tree with my lip connect to that of a beautiful figure for what seem a age . flowery tree top spring up beneath we and we rest on they with the lightness of a cloud . blue page 04/04/08 42 . keat sit back into the long grass . fanny be rattle , jealous . fanny who be the figure ? keat I must have have my eye close for I be not sure . fanny yet you remember the tree top . keat not so well as the lip . fanny look at keat . fanny whose lip ? be they my lip ? keat touch fanny 's lip with he finger keat they may have be yours . keat close he eye and present he lip for fanny to kiss . fanny gently place she lip on he . keat wait and fanny kiss he again . keat pull fanny on top of he and kiss she and she he and he she . they lie down together lip to lip . keat ( cont would ) '' pale be the lip I kiss have . '' keat kiss she again . keat ( cont would ) '' - and fair the form . I float with about that melancholy storm . '' Margaret come call up the hill . keat make sound effect of wild flower squealing as Margaret stop . keat ( cont would ) '' help . '' '' ahhh . '' keat slow she to a halt . to she chagrin she cannot step without crush something . margaret stop it ! 64 65 66 67 68 blue page 04/04/08 43. ext . hampstead heath - evening 64 the three make they way across the heath home . keat and fanny follow behind Margaret who play a game of catch they touch , kissing . ext . terrace back of wentworth house - evening 65 fanny , keat and Margaret return . a glow keat walk backwards look at fanny . keat let fanny pass and watch she from behind . fanny smile and slyly touch hand . in the garden Samuel have climb onto the hedge . Mr Brown stand underneath , disconcert by keat 's attention to fanny . fanny walk in a cloud up to she room . int . fanny 's bedroom wentworth house - evening 66 fanny lie stretch on she bed listen to she body tingling with new and beautiful sensation . ext . garden / plum tree wentworth house - evening 67 Samuel be high in the tree branch . SAMUEL Mr Brown bet I could not find the nightingale 's nest . mr brown there be no nest and no bet . keat make nightingale trill . Mr Brown puff he pipe while keat join Samuel in the tree , silhouetted against the last of the SUN winking through the leave . int . mr brown 's drawing room wentworth house - night 68 late at night keat sit in the draw room write a letter to he brother George and sister - in - law georgina when Mr Brown enter in a dressing gown with a plate of midnight snack . Mr Brown sit beside keat and eat without pause . keat you be make a liar of I - I have just writ - '' Brown be go to bed - and I be tired of rhyme - there be a north wind blow , play gooseberry with the tree . '' blue page 04/04/08 44 . mr brown I read you Eve of St agnes today it do not trip , not once , it be perfect , extraordinarily good . '' her rich attire creep rustling to she knee : '' keat '' soon , tremble in she soft and chilly nest , in sort of wakeful swoon , perplex have she lay , until the poppied warmth of sleep oppress have her soothed limb , and soul fatigue away ; '' mr brown '' her soothed limb , ... '' I spend the afternoon sorting through you sin and think ode to psyche very keen , beautiful and clear . '' and there shall be for thee all soft delight that shadowy think can win , a bright torch , and a casement ope at night , to let the warm Love in ! '' see here there be tear , you be so far ahead of I and above I . keat Brown , I be amaze . mr brown you write be the finest thing in my life . a great miracle than to see new life bear . that sort of miracle be in compare common place . Mr Brown hold out he hand to keat who take it . Mr Brown pat keat hand . mr brown ( to keat 's hand ) ( cont would ) you write this little hand . keat ( playfully ) yes , while he be dream I write it all , see this be where the pen press . Mr Brown clasp the hand . mr brown as one who truly love you I must warn you kindly of a trap you be walk into . keat if you be go to speak of miss brawne we have never agree and cannot agree . mr brown no that be not true , we both agree she be a exquisite dress creature . 69 70 71 blue page 04/04/08 45 . keat be it a sin to look well ? mr brown for one or two of you '' slippery bliss '' you will lose you freedom permanently . you will be slave at medicine 15 hour a day - for what ? to keep Mrs keat in french ribbon ? keat look dismay , sick . mr brown ( cont would ) I cherish you talent , I truly do . keat then allow I my happiness for I be write again . ext . plum tree wentworth house - morning 69 keat look up into the plum tree . he whistle . the nightingale sing . int / ext . wentworth house - morning 70 fanny watch keat from she bedroom window . int / ext . wentworth house and garden - morning 71 keat pick up a chair from the live room table . as he take it outside fanny come down the stair and go to the brawne sit room where she see keat place the chair under the plum tree in the dapple shade . out of keat 's pocket he take a fold piece of paper and a lead pencil . he do not write but become perfectly still , he body relaxed , he focus inward . keat ( v.o. ) ode to a nightingale '' my heart aches , and a drowsy numbness pain my sense , as though of hemlock TI have drunk , or emptied some dull opiate to the drain one minute past , and lethe-ward have sink : ' tis not through envy of they happy lot , but be too happy in thy happiness , - '' fanny watch keat move he chair to the shade and he pen make its steady journey across the paper . Mr Brown enter he live room , he notice the chair go , then keat under the tree one leg cross over the other completely still except for the pen fly . 72 73 blue page 04/04/08 46 . keat ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) '' that thou , light - winge dryad of the tree , in some melodious plot of beechen green , and shadow numberless , singest of summer in full - throat ease . '' the nightingale sing again then fly out through the branch like a arrow . [ cgi shot ] keat watch the bird 's flight then continue write . fanny rise and walk to the window she sewing in hand . keat have go . the chair be empty . int . brown 's drawing room wentworth house - day 72 keat stuff he note into a gap in the bookshelf of the draw room . Mr Brown look up and watch as keat walk out of the room . Mr Brown retrieve the note . carefully Mr Brown lay the page out on the table . int . brawne drawing room wentworth house - day 73 keat be play with the brawne cat . toot stand ready in a bonnet for a walk . Samuel have a ball and cricket bat . fanny join they , bonnet , glove and parasol ready . keat look across and smile . Mr Brown enter the draw room unannounced , he look very intense . mr brown John , can you come ? keat I be about to accompany the miss brawn to the heath . Mr Brown look urgent , intent . mr brown now . please . fanny glumly undoe the bow on she bonnet and keat follow Mr Brown out of the room . as fanny go to the stair bonnet in hand , she pause . she can hear the sound of keat 's voice and sometimes Mr Brown read with he . keat ( and mr brown ) '' darkle I listen : and for many a time I have be half in love with easeful death , call he soft name in many a muse rhyme , to take into the air my quiet breath . '' 74 blue page 04/04/08 47 . fanny open the door softly despite Mr Brown 's sign keep out poet at work . keat turn and see she . Mr Brown be at the table try to make out keat 's handwrite as he make a fair copy . mr brown '' now more than ever seem it rich to die . '' keat '' to cease upon the midnight with no pain , while thou art pour forth thy soul abroad in such a ecstasy ! '' fanny sit on a chair against the wall listen , thrilled . Mr Brown stop work and scrape back he chair look at keat exasperate . keat ( cont would ) what ? mr brown do you tell miss brawne of we summer holiday , or shall I ? fanny look at keat . keat not as yet . Brown be do he summer rental and we both have to leave . mr brown we be meeting up on the Isle of wight for some undisturbed write and carouse . fanny be burn with humiliation . head bow she rise from the chair and leave . int . hall wentworth house - day 74 in the dark hall fanny lean against the wall and sob . the door open , it be keat . keat fanny I be go to tell you . fanny when ? when be you go to tell I ? you play with I like a cat . I will not be picked up and put down ! fanny shriek at keat stalking back to she side of the house . slam the door . Mr Brown open the door . Samuel come downstairs to look . blue page 04/04/08 47a . keat knock on the brawne sit room door . he let himself in . fanny be sobbing onto she mother 's lap . 75 blue page 04/04/08 48. keat May I speak to fanny Mrs brawne ? fanny no , no , I will not speak to he . ( shriek at keat ) you have humiliated I ! you could not have do better if you have stripped I bare ! keat be white with fright . keat I have no money fanny in fact I be in debt . I must earn , I must write and make a live . if I fail though I hate to think on it , I must make way so another may marry and adore you as I wish to . fanny I will not be adore ever again by you or anyone ! I hate you ! I hate you ! I hate you ! keat sit , alarmed and helpless watch the sobbing fanny in Mrs brawne 's lap . Mrs brawne resume she embroidery , raise she eyebrow at keat . fade to black . ext / int . brawne half of wentworth house - day 75 the brawne half of the house in it 's summer suit . dapple light , yellow lawn , rose bobbing . the heath beyond full of merrymakers . Samuel wander out the front door . Mrs brawne be clean teaspoon in the dining room . Margaret in the draw room be sewing a sampler . fanny watch Samuel wait at the gate . the post messenger pass but do not pause . Samuel turn and walk back . SAMUEL ( calling to fanny ) nothing . a disappointed fanny be sit on a upright chair with the cat on she lap . Mrs brawne count the spoons and place they one by one in a velvet line BOX . fanny my life be no more than a cat . I sleep . I clean myself . I prowl around the room and barely ever leave this house or this neighbourhood . tear begin to well in fanny 's eye . Mrs brawne repair to the kitchen for more silver . 76 77 blue page 04/04/08 49 . music can be hear distantly on the heath and the shout and laughter of the summer crowd . Margaret carry a little sample work across to fanny . margaret ( toot ) will you check my stitch fanny it be a open work seam . fanny oh God no toot , go away . I do not care a dam for stitches . mama , please get rid of she . the cat be send fly and Margaret 's stitching be toss aside . ext / int . fanny 's room wentworth house - clear summer 's day 76 fanny be lie in bed . Margaret kneel beside the bed , a set up of she toy world with all its accoutrement line up on the floor . Mrs brawne enter with a tray of tea . fanny look up . fanny no letter ? mrs brawne not today . fanny fall back softly crying . fanny be I in love ? be this love ? it really be a very bad thing . I shall never tease about it again . it be very hard , so sore I believe one could die of it . int . brawne drawing room wentworth house - day 77 fanny sit in the draw room pouring tea for Mrs dilke , she mother , Margaret and Samuel . fanny hear the step of a messenger outside the gate . her whole concentration shift , she put down the pot and move to the window willing the messenger to stop at they gate . he do . the messenger open the gate and walk up the path carry a letter . fanny be draw to the door like one possess . the messenger hand the letter in keat 's hand to fanny . blue page 04/04/08 49a . she pay the messenger 1 / 6d and without further explanation take the letter hold to she bosom upstairs to she bed . she pull the cover up over she head and in she tent like privacy open the letter . 78 blue page 04/04/08 50 . keat ( v.o . ) shanklin , isle of wight , thursday my dearest Lady , '' I be now at a very pleasant Cottage window , look onto a beautifully hilly country , with a glimpse of the sea ; the morning be very fine . I do not know how elastic my spirit might be , what pleasure I might have in live here if the remembrance of you do not weigh so upon I . --- ask yourself my love whether you be not very cruel to have so entrammelled I , so destroy my freedom . '' ext . hampstead heath - day 78 fanny leave the house trail by Margaret and Samuel . as she walk out upon the heath away from other stranger and far ahead of she brother and sister , she take out keat 's letter . keat 's letter continue . '' will you confess this in a letter ? you must write immediately and do all you can to console I in it --- make it rich as a drought of poppy to intoxicate I --- write the softest word and kiss they that I may at least touch my lip where yours have be . '' fanny gulp for breath , she kneel unaware of herself in the long grass study the word . press she lip against the letter . keat 's letter continue . '' for myself I know not how to express my devotion to so fair a form : I want a brighter word than bright ; a fairer word than fair . '' Margaret and Samuel catch up with fanny and collapse in the grass near she , watch she strange possession with the letter but know better than to interrupt . keat 's letter continue . '' I almost wish we be butterfly and liv have but three summer day --- three such day with you I could fill with more delight than fifty common year could ever contain . '' fanny beam at Margaret . she pull she towards she and kiss she . 79 80 blue page 04/04/08 51 . fanny if I have ever be mean and I know I might have be , please forgive I my darling toot . Margaret blink with each kiss . fanny ( cont would ) sorry , sorry , sorry . int . fanny 's bedroom wentworth house - night 79 fanny prepare the paper by kissing it . my dear Mr keat , '' thank you for you letter . I have lately feel so nervous and ill that I have to stay five day in bed . but have receive you letter yesterday , I be up and again walk we path on the heath . I have begin a butterfly farm in my bedroom in honour of we . sammy and toot be catch they for I . Samuel have make a science of it and be collect both caterpillar and chrysalise so we may have they flutter about we a week or more . '' the child and fanny in the business of butterfly and caterpillar collect . jar top be cover in grease proof paper and tie around the top with string . the paper be pricked with a fork for air hole . the jar be line up around fanny 's bedroom . fanny 's pen dip into the ink , a butterfly in a glass cover jar slowly close it 's wing as she write she letter . int . brawne kitchen wentworth house - day 80 fanny talk to she mother in the kitchen . she be dress for a outing , all in white , straw bonnet and white parasol . Mrs brawne be roll out a pie while the may be ironing . fanny if a letter ... mrs brawne I promise I shall come and find you . fanny but be ready . have you hat and parasol ready . 81 82 blue page 04/04/08 52 . mrs brawne perhaps I will send abigail . can you run ? abigail oh yes I can , if I lift my skirt go as fast as any boy or even a man . ext . hampstead heath - day 81 fanny and Margaret be strolling near the pond where child wade and coax they toy boat along with a stick . Samuel be guide he along from the edge . fanny 's eye scan any sign of movement , a child chase a ball , a man bowl a cricket ball , a mother rush after a toddler . fanny lie on the grass face - down , dead -like . most of the heath 's reveller have leave . Margaret sit near fanny not know what to do . Samuel fiddle with he boat 's rigging . margaret ( speak to fanny on the ground ) shall we go home ? fanny ? I have collect some leave for the caterpillar . int . brawne drawing room wentworth house - day 82 on the staircase as fanny enter lie a letter from keat address to she . fanny snatch up the letter and storm into the draw room . Charles and Maria dilke stand to greet she but she be in mid fury . fanny why do not you send for I ? Mr keat have write and you do not send abigail as you have say . mrs brawne please greet we friend . fanny I be sorry but I can not be polite when I have be so betrayed . why be you against I mama ? mrs brawne fanny the letter could wait a hour . I need abigail . fanny Three hour !!! 83 84 blue page 04/04/08 53. fanny storm out of the draw room and upstairs to she room . the party downstairs re-seat themselves , the air fatally electrify around they . maria dilke when do this happen ? mrs brawne under my nose - I be praying to God it will blow over . int . fanny 's bedroom wentworth house - night 83 in the privacy of she room fanny by candlelight read she new letter . keat 's letter . '' I have two luxury to brood over in my walk , you loveliness and the hour of my death . o that I could have possession of they both in the same minute . I be miserable that you be not with I : or rather breathe in the dull sort of patience that can not be call life . I never know before , what such a love as you have make I feel , be ; I do not believe in it ; my Fancy be afraid of it , lest it should burn I up . but if you will fully love I , though there may be some fire it will not be more than we can bear when moisten and bedew with pleasure . '' fanny '' bedew with pleasure ... '' fanny kiss the letter . int . fanny 's bedroom wentworth house - afternoon 84 Mrs brawne enter fanny 's bedroom concerned by the romantic chaos , butterfly in the air , clothes scattered about . attempt letter littering the bed and all about fanny , keatss letter . fanny look up smile . fanny I forgive you maman . Mrs brawne open a window . margaret no maman we will lose they . mrs brawne there be no air . blue page 04/04/08 54 . margaret they love the heat . fanny ( reading ) listen , '' I love you more in that I believe you have like I for my own sake - I have meet with woman who I really think would like to be marry to a poem and to be give away by a novel . '' '' married to a poem . '' fanny laugh amused . Mrs brawne do not . butterfly flutter past Mrs brawne . fanny ( cont have ) maman do not be cross . fanny take she mother 's hand . fanny ( cont would ) when I do not hear from he it be as if I have die , as if the air be suck out of my lung and I be leave desolate , but when I receive a letter I know we world be real and it be the only one I care for . Mrs brawne back out of the door . fanny get up and follow Mrs brawne to she own neat , clean bedroom . fanny ( cont have ) be Mrs dilke speak against we ? mrs brawne she be you friend too . and she care for and love Mr keat as I do . fanny but not as I do . what do she say ? mrs brawne that he should not come back here and live be what Mrs dilke say . what Mr dilke be say too . fanny and you agree ? mrs brawne yes . fanny let I marry he mama , if he come back let we be . mrs brawne you ambush I fanny . 85 86 87 blue page 04/04/08 55 . fanny I will organise my life . take all the letter , you keep they , and once a day , no better , once a week you may give they to I for one hour . the rest of the week I shall work . I shall sew 4 hour , and study , and take up my dance class , we can all walk upon the heath . I will make you laugh again mama but let we be engage . mrs brawne no man want to live off he wife 's family who be barely manage . fanny you insult he and you insult I . why must you do this ? his great worth be in the future . what can we not afford , another chop ? then I sha not eat and when I die the family can prosper , be this you logic ? Mrs brawne look at fanny hopelessly . mrs brawne do you programme . give I the letter , let we try . fanny I may keep only the latest ? mama to have something of he . int . brawne drawing room wentworth house - day 85 fanny , Margaret and Samuel be practise they dance step . Mrs brawne pass through the room cautiously pleased . int . brawne dine room wentworth house - evening 86 Margaret and six other child receive instruction from fanny on how to work a swiss embroidery frame clamp to the table . fanny ( to margaret ) fill the inside with as many pad stitches as you can , then use a wide slant satin stitch . Mrs brawne watch , cautiously pleased . int . brawne kitchen wentworth house - day 87 Margaret run into the kitchen look frighten . Mrs brawne and abigail be rolling pastry . 88 89 90 91 blue page 04/04/08 56 . margaret fanny want a knife . mrs brawne what for ? what have happen ? Margaret 's lip begin to quiver . Mrs brawne run up the kitchen stair . int . fanny 's bedroom wentworth house - day 88 fanny lie sobbing on the floor , clutching she latest letter , a tiny pair of sewing scissor lie nearby . the family cat sniff curiously at she cheek , while only one live daze butterfly flutter around the room . the corpse of many other lie about the floor and surface . fanny it be all over . I have such a short letter , after all this time , say he be in London , in London but could not bring himself to visit for fear it would burn he up ! mrs brawne he write that , '' burn he up ? '' fanny he have make no fortune and he be ashamed of it . if only he know how little I , or even you , care for that now . I do not know how I will live . fanny break down , a small scratch on she wrist . int . brawne stair wentworth house - evening 89 abigail and Margaret carry a armful of empty butterfly jar full of dead leave downstairs to the kitchen . int . fanny 's bedroom wentworth house - evening 90 fanny sweep butterfly corpse into a dustpan . fade to black . ext /int . wentworth house - day 91 Margaret and Samuel be play cricket in the garden , they stop and stare as Mr Brown appear on the path . mr brown hello . 92 blue page 04/04/08 57 . Margaret turn and leave immediately . behind Mr Brown a thin young man pull a cart pile with Mr Brown 's holiday luggage . a crush fanny and Mrs brawne be quietly sewing ; fanny a dress , while Mrs brawne darn . Margaret appear at the window . margaret Mr Brown have return but no Mr keat with my rock he promise . Mrs brawne look across at fanny anxiously . fanny what can he do to I ? hurt my pride ? it have slip so low I have step out of it . int . mr brown 's half wentworth house - day 92 Mr Brown be surround by he luggage in pile in he draw room . he be paying the carter who put the last of the bag down . there be a knock at the door . fanny enter follow by abigail they red head maid , she head bow . fanny mama ask I to welcome you home and to introduce you to miss o’donaghue who be we may but may also do for you . the young irish may blushes and curtsey . abigail please sir call I abigail or Abby . mr brown very well . be sure you do not enter when the door be close . abigail nod . abigail yes sir . abigail leave . Mr Brown watch , he interest mildly arouse . fanny remain awkwardly . mr brown Mr keat be not come back . he be go to live in London . fanny please tell Mr keat that we brawne 's have keep safe all he thing . 93 94 95 96 97 blue page 04/04/08 58 . int . brawne basement wentworth house - day 93 fanny take the key from keat 's chest stack high with book . she thread it onto a ribbon . int . brawne kitchen wentworth house - day 94 fanny be knitting a fine wool sock in the dimly lit kitchen . abigail be knead and make bread . abigail Mr Brown have say that I could learn to read yet and I say '' what will I read ? '' and he say '' even the Bible be not so dull as you might believe . '' he have say that the '' song of Solomon '' be juicy enough to make a churchman blush and as I learn to read I will see he do not tell a lie ! fanny 's four slim needle work steadily , systematically . around she neck be the ribbon reach into she bodice . ext . wentworth house - day 95 keat walk up the path to wentworth House . int . brawne kitchen wentworth house - day 96 Margaret run into the room . margaret Mr keat have come , be not you come down ? he need the key to he chest . fanny be startle . she put down she needlework . int . brawne cellar wentworth house - day 97 fanny follow Margaret into the cellar where keat and Samuel be struggle with the lock . SAMUEL do you have the key fanny ? fanny hello Mr keat . keat hello miss brawne . blue page 04/04/08 58a . the two stare at each other a long moment before fanny remove the ribbon from around she neck and gently pull the key clear from she bodice where it have be nestle in she bust . fanny drop it into keat 's hand . 98 blue page 04/04/08 59 . keat be transfix by the warm key lie in he palm , burn it . Samuel leave , he voice fading off . SAMUEL mama we have find it , fanny have it like I think . ignoring everything but each other , fanny gently take the key from keat and kneel unlock he chest . she open the lid . fanny what do you need ? keat kneel beside she . he be unable to take he eye from she . he watch as fanny pull out item of clothing . fanny ( cont would ) you coat ? fanny shake it out hold it up . fanny ( cont have ) but it be not warm enough , there be no lining . this brown breech be warm . they eye connect as fanny turn slowly towards keat the fold pant in she hand . she turn back to the trunk . fanny ( cont would ) and you black vest , ohhh it have a small hole . I could mend it so well you will not see it . wordlessly keat and fanny continue bond through the domestic chore simple and deep - all he resolve dissolve . int . 25 college STREET - day 98 the dilke family dine room where the dilke 's son and a friend play . Charles dilke write at one end of the table keat at the other while Maria dilke be pouring tea . keat 's pen dip in he dark brown ink . 11 & 13 October 1819 my sweet girl , '' I be live today in yesterday : I be in a complete fascination all day . I feel myself at you mercy . write I ever so few line and tell I you will never for ever be less kind to I than yesterday - you dazzle I - there be nothing in the world so bright and delicate . blue page 04/04/08 59a . you have abosrbe I I have a sensation at the present moment as if I be dissolve -- - '' 99 100 blue page 04/04/08 60 . ext . hampstead heath - day 99 fanny and keat walk slowly together through the autumn leave on the heath . Samuel and toot run ahead . the lover lean together on the trunk of a huge elm . keat give fanny a ring . keat kiss fanny deeply on the lip . toot and Samuel shocked , stop in they track . int . brawne dine room wentworth house - day 100 Mrs brawne and Maria dilke be talk gravely and take tea in the brawne 's dining room . fanny pass through with she sewing . mrs brawne fanny . fanny what be wrong , you be look so grave ? mrs brawne Maria say Mr keat be now propose to live next door again . she want to know if I have any objection . fanny of course you do not . no she do not . Mr Brown be Mr keat 's best friend , how can we object . Maria dilke be quiet , she look at Mrs brawne . maria dilke fanny , Mr dilke and I be worried that such close connection may prove restrictive for you . fanny no . maria dilke I do not think you fully understand . Mr keat can not afford to marry , he circumstance be really quite hopeless and if he be next door how will you meet anyone else ? how will you go to dance ? Mrs dilke notice fanny 's ring , shocked . maria dilke ( cont would ) ohh but you be engage ? fanny it be Mr keat 's mother ring , not a engagement ring . 101 blue page 04/04/08 61 . mrs brawne ( overlapping ) you be not to wear it fanny see I wear it on the finger next door maria dilke what a pretty ring . mrs brawne do not even discuss it . she be in no way bound to he . Mrs brawne be shaking she head exhaust by fanny 's power of persuasion . fanny ( cont 'd ) you teach I to love , you never say only the rich , only a thimbleful . Mr keat be a genius . his poem will sell , and until then I could make money sewing . maria dilke attachment be such a difficult thing to undo int . hall wentworth house - day 101 fanny be walk towards keat and Mr Brown 's door . she slip she garnet ring off she middle finger and across to she engagement finger . mrs brawne fanny ! fanny hide she leave hand behind she back . fanny I be go to say good morning . mrs brawne how will he write he poem if you be with he ? come . fanny it be alright he be simply fair copying the poem for a new book and in this I give he calm . fanny enter the poet room almost invisibly . quietly she take a chair and place it next to keat at the table . she begin to sew . Mr Brown , at the other end of the table , finally notice and leave perturb . as the door close fanny and keat immediately begin to kiss . keat rest he head on fanny 's chest . 102 blue page 04/04/08 62 . keat '' pillow have upon my fair love 's ripening breast , to feel forever it 's soft swell and fall , awake forever in a sweet unrest still , still to hear she tender take breath . '' fanny it 's new , from which poem ? keat your - '' Bright Star would I be stedfast as thou art - not in lone splendour hang aloft the night . '' fanny why do you say not ? not in lone splendour ? keat because I want to be close enough to you , ( kiss ) , to hear you every breath , ( kiss ) , yet I wish for the eternal faithfulness of a star . fanny ( pushing he back ) you fear I be not steadfast because I oblige maman by go to a dance ? keat do not tease fanny . fanny I will tell maman I be unwell . fanny kiss keat . keat no , go , go . int . brawne kitchen wentworth house - day 102 Mr Brown scoff fresh scone in the kitchen . abigail butter they for he full of admiration . fanny be work on she scrapbook of fashion idea . mr brown good irish abigail who never do fail to make a scone as good as a swan ... abigail put a hand over she rotted tooth as she giggle . suddenly fanny rise , she be look out the window as the snow begin to fall . fanny leave the room . blue page 04/04/08 63 . 103 int . brawne drawing room wentworth house - day 103 Mrs brawne see fanny walk out into the snow . she move to the window . mrs brawne fanny come in , it have turn very cold . fanny Mr keat have go into London with no coat . fade to black . 104 int . brawne drawing room wentworth house - night 104 the snow have turn to sleet . the brawne 's make they way by candle up to they room . 105 int . fanny 's bedroom wentworth house - night 105 fanny watch from she window . rain be reflect across she face . she be relieved to finally see the small chill figure of keat make he way unsteadily to the house . 106 int . mr brown 's hall wentworth house - night 106 Mr Brown come out from he study as he hear the front door close . keat be wet and staggering , find it hard to stand . mr brown have you have wine ? keat shake he head . mr brown ( cont would ) what be the matter , be you fevere ? keat yes , yes . I be severely chill . I be on the outside of the coach - but now I do not feel it . 107 int . fanny 's bedroom wentworth house - night 107 it be pitch black only the SOUND of Mr Brown 's voice shout , banging and footstep . mr brown ( voice off ) abigail ! abigail ! get up , dress yourself we need a doctor . blue page 04/04/08 63a . fanny sit up terrify . 108 blue page 04/04/08 64 . int . brawne kitchen wentworth house - night 108 fanny in she dressing gown and with a candle . abigail be carry sheet through to the laundry . fanny follow she . fanny what have happen ? abigail I do not know ma’am . fanny have a doctor arrive ? abigail yes ma ’am . Mr Brown tell I to take this sheet off as they be bloody . abigail place they in the laundry tub and turn on the water . fanny be it Mr keat ? abigail make she way back to the stove with its boiling kettle . abigail I do not know ma’am . fanny let I help . fanny put china cup on a tray . her hand be shaking . Mr Brown come through . fanny move towards he about to speak . mr brown echoing ( interrupting ) not now fanny , I can not talk . fanny if he 's ill I want to help . he would want I there . mr brown move away , this be a emergency . a basin , I need a basin and a towel , glass . fanny I can bring they . mr brown no ! stand back ! fanny stand back offer no resentment . the SOUND of water fill the wash tub send she to the laundry . she turn off the tap , keat 's bloodied sheet bloom in the dark tub . 109 blue page 04/04/08 65 . int . brawne kitchen wentworth house - day 109 Mr Brown be stand by the kitchen hearth , towel be fold on the table . abigail cross past with a barely touch tray of broth and toast from keat 's room . dr bree be finish up a plate of bacon and egg . the brawn ( include Samuel and Margaret ) be sit at the table listen anxiously . mr brown Doctor bree be particular in say that Mr keat should avoid all source of excitement . it be a disease peculiarly vulnerable to romantic anxiety . Brown look towards the Doctor who confirm Brown 's explanation with a nod . dr bree a lot of rest . he leave , head down , signal they to remain . mr brown keat have already ask to see miss brawne but I have manage he and say she have go into town ... fanny but I have not . how could I go into town when Mr keat be so ill ? mr brown I be speak of keep Mr keat calm . fanny what must he be think ? this be a deception I can not join . mr brown it be not a deception , I be simply determine to preserve the life of my friend . fanny he will be unquiet until he see I ... mr brown he have be profoundly unquiet since you have decide to love he miss brawne . fanny he would be more unquiet if I decide not to . mrs brawne ( sharply ) fanny ! blue page 04/04/08 65a . fanny Mr Brown would have it that I kill Mr keat with affection . blue page 04/04/08 66 . mr brown perhaps you will . perhaps there be nothing I can do to protect he from you insistence of loving he into a early grave . but I shall try , miss brawne , I shall try ! all visit will follow my regime or they will not happen at all . fanny sit back shocked . mrs brawne please , we brawne 's will do whatever we can to restore Mr keat to health . int . keats’s room / passage wentworth house - evening 110 fanny wait outside keat 's room . she put she garnet ring onto she engagement finger . the door open , Mr Brown stand aside to allow fanny through . keat darling girl . I have be wonder where you be . fanny I never do go to town , I have be wait to be with you the whole day . keat last night there be a great rush of blood , such that I think I can not survive , that I would suffocate . I say to Mr Brown very calmly '' this be unfortunate '' and my thought be of you . keat stroke she hand . keat ( cont would ) know you be next door make a pleasant prison of my house . Mr Brown enter the room and fanny immediately let go of keat 's hand and rise . keat ( cont would ) come as frequently as they allow . and write I when you cannot . int . stair / mrs brawne 's room wentworth house - night 111 fanny run upstairs into she mother 's room . Mrs brawne take she in she arm , fanny sob onto she lap . blue page 04/04/08 67 . fanny he have a new greatcoat , why do not he wear it ? oh God , oh God he spat so much blood . why must this happen to we ? I be so afraid . fanny abruptly sit up wiping she face . fanny ( cont have ) wait , I have to write he a note so he have something of I tomorrow morning . 112 omitted 112 113 omitted 113 blue page 04/04/08 68 . 114 int / ext keat / browns room / garden - day 114 keat ( v.o . ) '' my sweet creature when I look back upon the ecstasy in which I have pass have some day and the misery in they turn , I wonder the more at the beauty which have keep up the spell so fervently . when I send this round I shall be in the front parlour watch to see you show yourself for a minute in the garden . how horrid be the chance of slip into the ground instead of into you arm - the difference be amazing Love . do not take the trouble of write much : merely send I my '' good night , '' to put under my pillow . '' J. keat keat be rest in a makeshift bed make from chair . fanny appear in the garden , keat 's note in she hand . she walk towards keat 's window . Mr Brown look up from he desk . he get up and walk towards the window . mr brown ( shooing fanny ) go! go on ! keat turn to see fanny . keat no Brown I need to see she . fanny kiss she note and hold it to she heart . keat smile at she . keat ( cont would ) I feel anxious if I miss a day . mr brown why not bed she , she would do whatever you wish . it might relieve you condition . keat be write a letter . on he sideboard be a row of jar and jelly , gift from friend 's larder . 120 blue page 04/04/08 69 . int . fanny 's bedroom - day 115 fanny sit on the edge of she bed and write on a SMALL piece of paper the word '' good night '' . int . doorway to mr brown 's apartment - day 116 the fold paper with '' Mr keat '' write in tiny handwrite be slip under Mr Brown and keat 's door . both man turn to look . int . keatss bedroom - evening 117 a bare chested keat take the note from he trouser pocket , unfold it , put it to he lip then place it under he pillow . he rap on the wall . int . fanny 's bedroom - evening 118 the '' rap '' be faint on fanny 's side but she hear it and put she hand against she side of the wall . toot already in bed , watch the ritual . fanny 's shadow flicker large against the wall . ext . hampstead heath - day 119 fanny sit upon a stone wall on hampstead heath read she note while Samuel and Margaret play with a cricket ball . fanny walk , still read through some desolate skeleton of tree , no leave above and mud below . '' let I no longer detain you from go to town - there may be no end to this emprison of you . perhaps you have better not come before tomorrow evening : send I however without fail a good night . you know we situation - I be recommend not even to read poetry much less write it . I wish I have even a little hope . I can not say forget I - but I would mention that there be impossibility in the world . '' you affectionate j.k. omitted 120 121 blue page 04/04/08 70 . int . hall / mr brown 's drawing room wentworth house - day 121 fanny walk quickly to Mr Brown 's half of the house where keat be propped up on a day bed . she draw a chair next to he . fanny sew and talk quietly . fanny why do you say impossibility ? keat I have cough blood again . I fear the disease have the upper hand and I can not recover . fanny I can not leave you . it be a impossibility . I have such clear hope about you new book of poem . when you be well enough you can finish the fair copying . they be more beautiful than any I have read of Mr coleridge or Mr wordsworth or even Lord Byron . fanny ( cont would ) '' oh what can ail thee knight at arm , alone and palely loitering ? the sedge have withere from the lake and no bird sing ! '' fanny ( cont have ) '' I meet a lady in the meads full beautiful , a faery 's child ; her hair be long , she foot be light and she eye be wild -' keat '' I set she on my pace steed and nothing else see all day long , for sidelong would she bend , and sing a faery 's song - '' fanny '' she find I root of relish sweet and honey wild and manna dew , and sure in language strange she say I love thee true - '' 122 blue page 04/04/08 71 . keat '' she take I to she elfin grot and there she wept and sigh have full sore , and there I shut she wild wild eye with kiss four . '' fanny '' and there she lull I asleep and there I dream have - ah ! woe betide ! the latest dream I ever dreamt on the cold hill side . '' int . brawne kitchen wentworth house - day 122 fanny come into the kitchen where abigail be make a incredible racket , banging pot , and stomping to and for . on the table be a letter . fanny be it mine ? abigail aye it be . Mr Brown have say to give it to you tomorrow , but I shall not wait . he be every bit as cruel as any gaoler of any prison in this foul world . let he do he own dirty work . fanny take up the letter . she look at abigail and see she eye be red from cry . abigail ( cont would ) if you have a note for poor Mr keat I will take it as soon as you will . abigail burst into tear . fanny move to comfort she . abigail ( cont would ) I wish I be dead . oh my God ! ohhh ! ohhh ! 123 124 blue page 04/04/08 72 . int . fanny 's bedroom wentworth house - day 123 fanny write at she portmanteaux . dearest Love , '' I hope you rest well last night . I be turn circle for joy that you have finish the fair copy of you book . do you hear from you side the bang of pot ? abigail have be sobbing without stop and believe you be the only one she can confess she trouble to . I shall send you later you '' good night '' with abigail . she have quite change and will help I whenever I ask ! '' your ever and with love fanny '' p.s. tell I as soon as you be able when Dr bree have come and what he say . '' int . keatss parlour wentworth house - night 124 keat turn as Mr Brown enter . keat I be boil with fury . mr brown what be it ? this be not good , be calm . you must not convulse again . keat abigail be with child , but to whom out of shame or fear she would not say . we Brown must find out and when we have he name , butcher or baker , he shall face up to he indecency . call she , let we get it do .. mr brown it 's not necessary . she have I believe I be the father . keat my God , I have no notion of a love affair . mr brown there be none or I must have sleep through it . I wake up after some claret to find the girl in my bed snore like a fireman . keat with what ease you help yourself . 125 blue page 04/04/08 73. mr brown it be a accident . now she be start a sobbing campaign to marry I . I sha not of course . keat and the child ? mr brown I have agree to pay expense . the worst thing be I can not keep this place , I have to start my summer rental early . I feel wretch turn you out while you be unwell , but I have not anything leave , only debt . keat do not be concerned , I shall manage . in what stumbling way a new soul be begin . int . brown 's drawing room wentworth house - day fanny quietly pour tea and move softly amongst keat 's literary supporter and Dr bree . she be invisible to all but keat who constantly watch she . mr hunt gentleman I think we should hear Dr. bree on the issue of climate for keat health . do he want to go to Rome ? dr bree he have to go . he will not live through another winter in England . mr hunt how do you feel about Italy John ? keat do not reply mr brown I think it 's a issue of finance . mr hunt could we between we not start a fund or a collection ? where be we up to with the poem ? mr haslam we have they in the galley now . JOHN reynold could they not generate income ? mr haslam it be very hard to predict sale + eh blue page 04/04/08 73a . mr hunt of course he will need a travel companion . Brown , you will go ? mr brown yes , absolutely someone must go , but I be not sure I 'il be able to . mr hunt be that a ' no ’? dr bree there be a excellent English doctor in Rome , a Dr Clark , who could also find room for you Mr keat . 126 blue page 04/04/08 74 . keat ( turning from fanny ) pardon ? dr bree I be talk of a Dr Clark who attend the English colony in Rome . keat ah . mr hunt I can help find a room for the summer John if you want . at that moment a pregnant abigail make she way into the room with a tray of hot tea . ( overlapping ) abigail ( hissing ) miss , miss . but it be Mr Brown who stride irritate to the door and swiftly take the hot pot . abigail do not move , she stay still like a stunne rabbit . the man look then look away discretely . mr brown which poem go first ? be it to be lamia or Eve of St agnes ? mr haslam it be lamia I believe . keat nod once again watch fanny . ext . STREET kentish town - day 126 all along the street be sign of the precarious life of the poor , STREET urchins begging , a drunk collapse in the pavement . fanny and Samuel support keat along the road , pause as a cough rack he body . Samuel walk a few step behind , next to a boy carting keat 's trunk . fanny I want to come to Italy with you . we can marry and I 'il go with you . sammy walk behind . keat laugh . * 127 blue page 04/04/08 75 . keat my friend talk of Italy but I have no money and must yet make it through the summer in London . besides , I do not believe it possible I could ever leave you . Samuel be slinking up alongside fanny and keat . fanny ( exasperated ) get back behind . keat poor sammy , he 's not a dog . fanny but he will tell ! SAMUEL I will not tell . fanny you see , he listen . keat stop . keat ( evasive ) farewell I here . fanny why ? int . corridor / basement kentish town house - day 127 fanny and keat follow the landlady down a damp corridor into a basement suite of two water stained room . there be a table dimly lit by the basement 's window . a shriek follow by another somewhere higher in the building . landlady we do not do linen . she leave , shout back up the stair . keat sit at the desk . he pretend to write . he turn to see fanny 's look of horror . keat look away , shame , steely . fanny Mr hunt can not have mean this room . keat be go darkly into himself . he shake he head . keat I tell you not to come . tell I how will you fill you day when we be apart ? who will you find to smile with ? 128 blue page 04/04/08 76 . fanny no one , I will wait . keat wait ? fanny nod , confuse . keat ( cont would ) yes you can wait , you can probably find amusement . I be not the same as you . the very air I breathe empty of you be unhealthy . you be to I a object intensely desirable . but that 's all right because you can wait ! you do not know what it be to love . it be make I glad there be such a thing as the grave ! int . brawne drawing room wentworth house - day 128 fanny , she mother , Samuel and Margaret and the dilke 's be sit at they formally set table . all be very subdued . fanny be deeply depressed . out of nowhere she start to sob . the child and Mrs brawne watch she anxiously . all decorum be sweep aside as fanny 's sob become convulsive . Mrs brawne wave the child away . she take fanny 's head in she arm , stroking she tear away but they do not stop . Mrs dilke also stroke she . fanny he write that I do not love he . he be tell I have be flirt ... but I have not . maria dilke how long have Mr keat be go ? mrs brawne five week . maria dilke perhaps it be for the best . fanny whose best ? maria dilke I think it might be a relief to be separate when the circumstance be so difficult . fanny everyone wish I would give up , but I cannot , even if I want to I cannot . there be no one in this world so beautiful or so brilliant . 129 130 131 blue page 04/04/08 77 . Mrs dilke and Mrs brawne exchange look of anxiety . toot 's face appear at the window . fanny ( cont would ) get rid of she ! ext . wentworth house garden - evening 129 Margaret be outside in the garden picking flowers when she notice something strange under the hedge . a leg , then as she cautiously circle , another leg and a bundle beside it . omitted 130 ext . wentworth house garden - day 131 fanny approach the tree slowly like a cat until a very ill keat , barely recognisable , turn , he eye accuse and frighten on fanny . keat put a arm out to fend fanny off . keat keep away if you do not love I , if you have not a crystal conscience this past month . fanny John ...? fanny do not hesitate , she kiss keat . he be sheet white and sweat . keat I think my heart be break . fanny you be shiver . what be this , blood ? maman ! toot , call maman . keat hunt 's son open you letter and hide it for two day ... I have walk out , I have leave they ... ( keat be barely able to speak ) keat fall to one side unconscious as Mrs brawne arrive outside . 132 133 134 blue page 04/04/08 78 . ext / int . garden / hall wentworth house - day 132 the brawn assist keat towards the house the brawne 's roll keat gently onto a sheet and together lift he upstairs and onto Mrs brawne 's bed . int . mrs brawne 's bedroom wentworth house - day 133 Doctor bree be apply suction glass to keat 's back . fanny sit beside he stroking he forehead . Mrs brawne pick up keat 's soiled clothes from the floor . int . brawne laundry wentworth house - evening 134 Mrs brawne be put keat 's clothes into the tub . fanny join she help to scrub the stain . fanny maman may Mr keat stay ? mrs brawne yes all right , tonight . fanny and tomorrow ? until he leave for Italy ? mrs brawne but you be not even officially engage . fanny can not we be ? mrs brawne please do not begin , there be no end to this , next you will want to marry and after that travel to Rome . it be all my do . I should never have move to this house . I have let this happen . fanny let he stay just until Italy . I promise I shall never ever ask anything more . you will not regret it . Mrs brawne continue to scrub . mrs brawne you be already the source of so much gossip . fanny well let we be engage . he be too ill to bea threat ! 135 136 137 138 blue page 04/04/08 79 . int . mrs brawne 's bedroom wentworth house - night 135 fanny sit beside she feverish fiance , cool he head with a wet cloth . she move she engagement ring across to the fourth finger on she leave hand . her ring sparkle in the night . Bright Star . int . brawne kitchen wentworth house - day 136 vegetable be be peel and chop . a chicken broth be strain . omitted 137 int . mrs brawne 's bedroom wentworth house - day 138 Inside keat be dress , lie dream on a day bed by the window . fanny take the tray and put it carefully on keat 's lap . Margaret step shyly towards keat smile . keat toot have you be eat rosebud ? toot no , I never have . keat so where do you cheek get they blush ? fanny pull she chair close , signal Margaret to leave . fanny bye , bye . keat begin to sip the soup . there be a wild rose on keat 's tray . fanny take a petal and wind it around she finger . keat '' fold a rise leaf around thy finger 's taperdness , and soothe thy lip . '' fanny rub the petal across she lip . 139 blue page 04/04/08 80 . keat ( cont would ) ... sometimes remember that I do not only dote on rose but climb mountain and cut up body . int . brawne live room wentworth house - day 139 there be a small gather of keat 's inner circle in the brawne live room . mr taylor and mr haslam keat 's publisher , Mr severn a young and very nervous painter friend and mr hunt a loyal supporter . the tea have mostly be drunk and people be prepare to leave . fanny be quietly sewing a silk lining onto a cap . a improve keat sit next to she . they be very much a couple . mr taylor I confirm you ship , the Maria crowther sailing to naple . mr severn when do she leave ? mr haslam in ten day . keat wince , he look at fanny stop sewing , stop breathe . mr taylor Autumn be come , it 's get colder , I be afraid if you delay there will be less and less reason to hope . keat so there be no put it off I must march against the battery . Mr severn have spilt he tea onto he saucer and be neurotically dally about what to do . fanny let I pour you another . mr severn really , well perhaps I might just tip it back , no well perhaps not . do I take sugar ? fanny yes I think you do . mr severn well then I do not stir it . 140 blue page 04/04/08 81 . fanny Mr keat tell I you be plan to paint in Rome ... mr severn ( distracted ) we shall be in need of a italian dictionary Mr keat . sorry , yes indeed I shall definitely paint . shake hand with keat Mr severn leave . Mr haslam say he farewell to keat . mr haslam ( discreetly ) Mr Brown could not go ? keat sadly not ! I be wait to hear but I think it not likely . Mr haslam nod a moment think . mr haslam well there be no alternative , we must put all we hope and faith in Mr severn . a distress fanny continue the tiny , perfect stitch around keat 's cap . int . brawne kitchen wentworth house - day 140 fanny be put a tray together for she and keat 's supper . Mrs brawne be shelling peas . fanny my God what I would do to accompany he . he be still so weak . mrs brawne no . no ! I have look into it , we can not afford the fare and if anything should happen to Mr keat or even you in a foreign country , how could you survive ? 141 blue page 04/04/08 82. fanny but it should not be Mr severn he barely know he . where be that fool Mr Brown when he be need ? why do not he write ? fanny pick up the tray . mrs brawne I have find a goose for Mr keat 's last dinner . fanny ( suddenly terrified ) do not say '' last '' . ext . garden wentworth house - late afternoon 141 fanny put keat 's arm in the correct position about she waist for a waltz . she be giggle , shaking she head happily . beside she Margaret and Samuel stand ready except Margaret be laugh at keat who be clowning in he effort . the dance class be happen on the lawn in the back garden . it 's late afternoon and the tree be casting beautiful shadow across the grass , while the rose bob in the breeze . Mrs brawne be at the open window . mrs brawne ready ? fanny yes , please . Mrs brawne sit back at the piano and begin . fanny ( cont have ) one , two , three , turn ... keat two or three posies with two or three simple - two or three nose with two or three pimple - Margaret and Samuel be laugh too much to keep dance . keat be make up he own mad step . fanny be nimbly keep up . keat ( cont would ) what ? two of three wiggles with two or three giggles . keat stop beside a autumn leaf . keat ( cont would ) what 's that ? blue page 04/04/08 82a . fanny playfully stand on it . 142 143 blue page 04/04/08 83. fanny nothing whatsoever . there be no autumn in this house only summer . please remove it . Margaret take the leaf by the stork like a mouse by the tail and drop it over the fence . margaret and do not come back . keat and fanny dance on in they own gay way until keat stop and lie in the grass catch he breath . he look up and see the autumn tree top . int . mrs brawne 's bedroom wentworth house - day 142 fanny be arrange keat 's clothes in he trunk . keat be at the little desk write in the front piece of he red bound poetry book . fanny sit back and watch he , drink up the last moment of he presence as if he be the sun set . fanny move across and gently stroke keat 's head and he , like a cat play up to the stroking , move he head under she palm . int . brawne dine room wentworth house - evening 143 the family be eat a roast goose together . the plate be still full , but no - one except Samuel be eat . fanny start to gather the plate up . keat bring from the sideboard he red bound poetry book and put one beside each family member . Mrs brawne be look at hers . mrs brawne oh my mad boy , it be so beautiful . be ita success ? keat there be two highly positive review , by friend , six mainly positive and four hostile . I do not know , be that successful ? fanny yes ! extremely so ... mrs brawne so they be sell well ? fanny why must you harp on about sell when the poem themselves be the point and they be so beautiful ! Margaret and Samuel each give keat a gift , Margaret a handkerchief she have sewn . blue page 04/04/08 84 . mrs brawne yes of course they be , come back and live with we , marry we fanny , I will miss you as a son . margaret ( hugging keat ) I love you . she give keat a tearful , cling hug . fanny put the hat she have be sewing on keat 's head . fanny it 's you old travel cap . I have sewn a silk lining to keep you warm . 144 int . mrs brawne 's bedroom wentworth house - night 144 fanny clip a lock of keat 's hair and carefully fold it into a piece of tissue paper . keat pick up the scissor . fanny be this really happen ? be we really to separate ? keat select a dark curl from fanny and cut it . he put it between the page of he poetry book . keat I sha ant be able to speak tomorrow , I suspect I will break down . let we say we goodby now . fanny I want to come to Italy with you . keat and then ...? fanny be together . keat for how long ? fanny as long as we have . keat sigh . fanny begin to cry . fanny ( cont would ) shall we awake and find all this be a dream ? be there another life ? there must be , we cannot be create for this kind of suffer . blue page 04/04/08 84a . keat put he arm around fanny 's neck and draw she head to he . keat soothes she while he talk . blue page 04/04/08 85 . keat I doubt we shall see each other again on this earth . fanny then why be you leave ? why must you go ? keat because my friend insist on torture I with a hope they can ill afford but have already finance . it be a hopeless hope , but how do I refuse ? fanny say you be too ill . keat '' more happy love ! more happy , happy love ! for ever warm and still to be enjoy , for ever panting and for ever young . '' we have woven a web you and I , attach to the world but a new world of we own invention . we must cut the thread fanny . fanny shake she head . fanny no . I can not , I never will . keat move away , hit he head with he palm . keat who do I fool ? do I wish you free ? no ! no ! my still unravish bride , I should have bed you while I be well enough , why not ? it could have be we with child not Brown with he bastard . fanny you know I would do anything ... keat ( bitterly ) I have a conscience ! keat be walk to calm himself in he agony . keat ( cont would ) then let we pretend I be return in spring ? fanny look up slowly . fanny you will return , I know it . keat will we live in the country ? blue page 04/04/08 86 . fanny yes , close to maman . keat we bedroom will look out on a apple orchard and beyond that a mountain . I be most partial to a mountain in a mist . fanny I will make a garden where every sort of wild flower grow . we can take we breakfast there on a little table . keat we will go to bed while the sun be still high . fanny then it will get dark and the moon will shine through the shutter . keat and I will hold you close and kiss you breast , you waist , you arm . fanny everywhere . keat kiss fanny 's breast , waist and she arm , then run he hand along she hand until they finger touch . keat touch have a memory . fanny I know it ... outside be the sound of footstep . keat you mother ? fanny she will not come in . mrs brawne fanny . I be go to bed . fanny I be just join you . keat and we will never separate . fanny never . not for one night . fanny and keat hold tightly on to each other . 145 146 147 148 149 150 blue page 04/04/08 87 . int . mrs brawne 's bedroom wentworth house - morning 145 keat stand dress , ready to leave . the trunk have go . but still he stay , look for the last time at the room in which he have enjoy some happiness . the will to go seem impossible to summon , but finally a rattling cough break he reverie . fanny come to fetch he . keat not a word . fanny nod . ext . wentworth house / lane - morning 146 fanny and keat leave the house silently . Margaret run after they . fanny turn and desperately shake she head dissuad she from come further . Margaret fall back . ext . street and lane of hampstead - day 147 fanny and keat arm in arm keep stride down the narrow lane towards the Pond Street coach Depot . fanny look towards keat but do not speak . Mr hunt walk a little apart anxiously aware of the young couple ordeal . ext . pond ST coach depot - day 148 amidst the SMALL crowd at the coach depot , stable hand , cleaners , other travellers arrive and parcel and produce be unpack and stack , keat and fanny remain poise . finally without speak keat disengage he arm and squeeze fanny 's hand . he swiftly board the coach . fanny watch as he be seat then turn and leave . keat look out at the last of fanny 's figure walk away . Mr hunt climb in beside keat . int . wentworth house - day 149 fanny burst through the door of wentworth House . she run up the stair into she room . fanny open the literary pocket book keat give she and write , '' mr keat left hampstead . '' ext . hampstead heath - day 150 the tree on the heath be almost bare and the sky be a dark grey . pile of autumn leave be burning , smoking the tree . 151 152 blue page 04/04/08 88. int / ext . brawne dine room wentworth house - day 151 a single black thread nose it 's way through the eye of a needle . the needle thread in and out of the black material fanny be sewing . Mrs brawne sit nearby mend . Margaret be run across the draw room window as Mr Brown follow by abigail they baby and they luggage arrive back at wentworth House . margaret the baby ! abigail 's baby ! oh God it have red hair ! int . brawne dine / live room wentworth house - day 152 abigail now Mrs Brown , be take tea in the dining room and happily show off she baby boy to Mrs brawne and Margaret . in the connect sit room Mr Brown stand at the window , shuffle through he letter from keat , make a effort to engage with fanny who be clearly resistant . fanny be sewing a length of black ribbon onto the black material , one neat small black stitch after another . mr brown you see the baby ? look like abigail ... John 's reach naple . they quarantine he ship . he write that he make more pun in two week out of desperation than he have in any other year of he life . I should have like to have hear they . fanny you could have , have you go - I be certain you would . mr brown I be plan daily but I fear I have leave it too late . fanny why not leave now , travel overland ? abigail walk smilingly into the room hold out the cry baby to show fanny . Mr Brown wave abigail and the baby away . mr brown it 's not simple with the baby and my fund reduce , then there 's the snow ... fanny ( say it or silently give this impression ) and lack of will . 153 blue page 04/04/08 89 . mr brown should I say it aloud ? will that satisfy you ? I have fail John keat - I have fail he . and I pay a price daily - I do not know till now how tightly he have wound himself about my heart . fanny what heart ? you abandon you ill friend , never replying or enquire . mr brown fortunately in my absence he be not short of care , he letter be full of you family 's kindness ... fanny and my love . Mr Brown be a little stunne , move despite himself by she open confession . mr brown ( leaving ) he ask I to offer whatever comfort can be give to you . int . brawne dine room wentworth house - day 153 fanny sew a seam in black thread . outside it be snowing . the door bell ring . Margaret answer . it be a letter . she put it on the other end of the table . margaret for you maman , it 's from Italy . fanny stop sewing , alarmed . Mrs brawne slowly rise and walk to the letter . she glance at fanny who be wait fearfully . Mrs brawne open the letter . mrs brawne it 's from keat in naple . he say it look like a dream . Mrs brawne stop read and look at fanny who shake she head with relief and disappointment . fanny why do not he write to I ? fanny look out into the garden where a bow Brown read a letter . blue page 04/04/08 89a . 154 int / ext . brown 's live room wentworth house - day 154 Mr Brown stand at he window , look out onto a dreary bare winter garden . 155 blue page 04/04/08 90 . he watch as Margaret and Samuel kick a ball between they and beyond they the gaunt , upright figure of fanny slowly come into view . a mirror match in mood to himself , she pace ghostlike in the snow . fanny and Brown lock eye then each look away . int . brown 's drawing room wentworth house - day 155 fanny knock at Mr Brown 's garden door . Mr Brown be surprised to see she , he stand . fanny you once say you would offer what comfort you could . mr brown yes , of course , come in . fanny be there something , anything at all you can read I from he letter ? I be disappointed to have none of my own . any sort of news , even the painful , bring I closer . mr brown the latest letter be all from severn . keat I be afraid , be in a deplorable state . Mr Brown sort through he correspondence . mr brown ( cont would ) I have some older one from keat . fanny please . mr brown '' I can bear to die - I can not bear to leave she . oh , God ! God ! God ! every thing I have in my trunk that remind I of she go through I like a spear . '' Mr Brown look up to judge fanny 's reaction . she be not shocked but transport . mr brown ( cont would ) '' the silk lining she put in my travel cap scald my head . my imagination be horribly vivid about she - I see she - I hear she . o that I could be bury near where she life ! I be afraid to write to she - to receive a letter from she - to see she hand write would break my heart . my dear Brown , what be I to do ? where can I look for consolation or ease ? I have coal of fire in my breast . it surprised I that the human heart be capable of contain and bear so much misery . ( more ) 156 157 blue page 04/04/08 91 . mr brown ( cont would ) be I bear for this end ? God bless she , and she mother . '' the letter be to I but it be all about you - keep it . fanny shake she head . they look at each other with something like peace , like compassion , for what they both have and for what they must soon bear . fanny turn and Mr Brown watch as fanny 's ghostlike figure disappear down the hall . ext . approach to wentworth house - evening 156 in the last of the light , Brown walk through the mud splatter snow towards home . ext / int . brawne drawing room wentworth house - evening 157 fanny and she mother sew while Samuel practice he violin and Margaret play happily with the cat on the couch . the front door open and close , then footstep in the hall outside attract fanny 's attention . she turn towards the door , poise . Mrs brawne notice and watch the door anxiously . Samuel stop play as a sombre Mr Brown enter the room . fanny observe Mr Brown sinkingly , she breath suspend . mr brown it be cold out . how be you all ? fanny notice a letter from Mr severn in Mr Brown 's hand . mrs brawne we be all quite well enough . but how be Mr keat ? mr brown it be as unbearable to I as I know it be to you . Mr keat have die at only 25 year . Mr severn send I a account , I have copy it for you miss brawne - shall I read it ? fanny nod . mr brown ( cont would ) Friday 23rd February . '' at four in the afternoon , keat call I '' severn - severn - lift I up for I be die - I shall die easy - do not be frighten , thank God it have come . '' at one point a cold , heavy sweat break out over he whole body and he whisper '' do not breathe on I it come like ice . '' keat die imperceptibly ... 158 159 160 blue page 04/04/08 92 . fanny no more . Mr Brown stop read . fanny make she way shakily from the room . Mrs brawne follow . fanny collapse on the staircase . fanny ( cont have ) I should have be with he . I should have hold he - it should have be I with he . oh my God I be finish . he be go . oh maman help I , please help I . Mr Brown and Samuel listen stricken . Margaret sit on the couch , tear drop onto she frock . omitted 158 ext . spanish step rome - dawn 159 a small funeral procession of two coach wait by the pietro bernini fountain at the bottom of the spanish step . keat 's coffin be load into a black funeral coach . the small procession clatter through Rome 's still sleep street . keat ( v.o. ) '' ' lamia ! 's he cry - and no soft - tone reply . the many hear , and the loud revelry grew hush ; the stately music no more breathes ; the myrtle sicken have in a thousand wreath . by faint degree , voice , lute , and pleasure cease ; a deadly silence step by step increase until it seem have a horrid presence there , and not a man but feel the terror in he hair . '' int . fanny 's bedroom wentworth house - dawn 160 in the dim first light a exhaust fanny be sewing she black frock . she make a knot and cut the thread . across the bed be strewn keatss poetry book and he letter . in the next bed sleep Margaret , she arm about she mother 's neck who sleep fully dress . fanny pull the black frock over she head , one sleeve yet unmade and the hem unfinish . 161 162 163 blue page 04/04/08 93. int . fanny 's bedroom wentworth house - dawn 161 with three chop of she big pinking shear fanny cut she hair short . her black hair fall in a circle about she foot . she take she red bound book of keat 's poem 1820 , she copy of endymion and quietly leave the room with she bonnet and black boot in she hand . Mrs brawne rise as she leave . mrs brawne Samuel ! sammy ! int / ext . brawne front door wentworth house - dawn 162 fanny draw on she coat and black glove . she open the front door and step into the chill and misty air . ext . hampstead heath - dawn 163 out on the heath fanny walk briskly through the winter mist follow at a respectful distance by a hurriedly dress Samuel . fanny , the landscape , the tree , Samuel appear and vanishing in the fog . clutch she precious keat book against she chest , fanny make she way up the side of the hill where she and the landscape completely disappear , only she voice continue steadily recite , learn by heart the poem bright STAR dedicated to she . fanny ( v.o. ) '' Bright Star , would I be stedfast as thou art - not in lone splendour hang aloft the night and watch , with eternal lid apart , like nature 's patient , sleepless eremite , ( devotee ) the move water at they priest like task of pure ablution round earth 's human shore , or gaze on the new soft - fall masque of snow upon the mountain and the moor . no - yet still stedfast , still unchangeable , pillow have upon my fair love 's ripening breast , to feel forever its soft swell and fall , awake forever in a sweet unrest , still , still to hear she tender - take breath , and so live ever - or else swoon to death . '' fanny now alone , walk on the heath until in the dark she pause beside the pond . overhead the star glitter and be reflected again at she foot . fade to black . white letter on black blue page 04/04/08 93a . for three year fanny brawne continue to walk hampstead heath , often far into the night . blue page 04/04/08 94 . keat die imagine himself forget . yet generation after generation of poet have be inspire by he , and he fame continue to grow . credit