benjamin breyer write by Brian gunn & Mark gunn 12.22.2017 troll Court entertainment '' uta / Charlie ferraro 9336 Civic Center Dr. beverly Hills , CA 90210 ext . farmhouse - night a lonely , rundown victorian farmhouse surround by six - foot - high cornfield . a neglect barn in the distance . no neighbor in sight . everything dark but for a flicker blue tv light from a upstairs window . int . tori and kyle's bedroom - continuous pan across a array of frame photograph on a hallway wall , stretch back generation - a recent color photo of a young man and woman on they wedding day . sepia portrait of a homesteader family on the plain of Kansas , everyone sturdy , solemn . Black & white portrait from the ' 20' and ' 30 , lot of kid . in the bathroom the woman in the color photo - tori breyer , early 30' , ina sleeveless nightgown - study herself in the mirror . she do not like what she see . too plain . too midwestern . too wholesome . so she tuck a lock of hair behind she ear . unbutton a couple button on she nightgown . she make she way - into the bedroom her husband kyle - 30' , thatchy beard , sturdy build - lie in bed scrolling around on he laptop . a tv play a sitcom on Nick at nite . Tori go to Kyle . she get on the bed , fold up he laptop , set they on a stack of book on the nightstand : take charge of you fertility ; the everything get pregnant Book ; miscarriage : woman share from the heart . Tori climb on top of Kyle . start to kiss he . he 's pleasantly surprised - kyle what 's go on ? be you ovulate ? tori ( between kiss ) no . but for once let 's not have it be work . just fun . kyle Hell , it 's always fun for I . he get into it . they start mess around . Close . intimate . a tangle of hand and limb . a bedside lamp flicker . the cable tv feed pixillate and stutter - jag burst of creepy sitcom laughter . Tori stop short . tori um ... ow . kyle ( hyper -concern ) what , what ? her hair have become catch in he watchband . they both giggle . kyle ( cont 'd ) Jesus , I be sorry ... he delicately maneuver he wrist , unclip he watch , disentangle she hair . he throw he watch on the bed . she sit up , straddle he waist , she finger interlace with he . he smile . she smile back at he . then - a chain on the bedside lamp quiver , tinkling against the light fixture . Tori climb off the bed . she 's curious . alert . as if the air be suddenly charge . she venture toward the hallway . kyle ( cont 'd ) Babe ? you okay ? she look down the dark hallway . peer into the stillness . she turn to Kyle . tori I be fine . for a second I think - a deafening boom ! like a 747 roaring inches above the house . book , perfume bottle , and picture frame fly against the ceiling , as if magnetized by something passing overheard . tori and kyle be thrown to the floor . the house rattle to the foundation . for a brief moment the object in the room hover in zero gravity - then plummet . the tv crash to the floor . Kyle 's watch land beside he . Tori and Kyle try to collect themselves . kyle you all right ? she nod , shake . tori what be that ? kyle I do not know , a earthquake ? she give he a wither glance . that be not a earthquake . she notice something outside . she drift toward the bedroom window and look out , disturb . Kyle join she . they see , far off , a flickering light in the wood . a thin wisp of smoke rise into the night sky . int . pickup truck - moment later headlights cut through a dirt road - deeper and deeper into wood thick with tree . Kyle at the wheel , Tori look out the window . she wear a red wool cardigan over she nightgown . eerie old - time music play on a tinny dashboard radio . as they drive , the headlight cast ominous shadow . the surroundings become more atmospheric and forebode . Kyle sense Tori 's anxiety . kyle you know , we do not have to do this . Tori shrug he off . she do not want to do this , but she have to . a screech of bird flee from the forest . Kyle and Tori look up as a endless flock of crow surge overhead . Kyle watch they pass : why be they all leave ? the song on the radio start to garble and short out . Kyle fiddle with the radio knob , the dashboard light flicker - spack ! a crow hit the windshield head on - twisted and splatter , the windshield cracked . Kyle lose control of the truck . he wrestle with the wheel as the vehicle skid off the dirt road - and nosedive into a shallow ditch , jolting Kyle and Tori . the truck whinny to a stop . kyle ( cont 'd ) goddamnit . Kyle and Tori climb out of the car . as he examine the damage - buckle hood , break windshield - Tori stand cold and frighten . she can hear , faintly , far off - raspy breathing - labor , like a handsaw 's back - and -forth . tori do you hear that ? as he grab a flashlight from the bed of the truck - kyle hear what ? he shine a flashlight on the jack - up front hood . he 's not happy . kyle ( cont 'd ) oh , that 's beautiful . my truck just get wreck by a fuck crow . there 's no response . he look around and notice Tori wander deeper into the wood - as if call . kyle ( cont 'd ) Tori ? she disappear into the brush . kyle ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? he head after she , rake he flashlight across the wood . he notice tree snap , shorn off , the edge of they branch on FIRE . tiny ember wafting through the air . the breathing get louder . Kyle - disorient - spot a glimpse of Tori 's nightgown flutter past some tree . he scramble to catch up . kyle ( cont 'd ) Tori ... he see she , briefly , just before she go through some bush , deeper into the wood . Kyle hurry to reach she . he shine the flashlight onto the ground and realize he 's in a smoldering trench . a shadowy figure approach behind he . he turn - shine he flashlight - it 's tori ! Kyle be rattle . Tori be overcome with emotion . almost beam . she take Kyle 's hand , pull at he , beckone he deeper into the forest . the raspy breathing grow louder . a loom sense of dread . she lead he to a jumble of wreckage surrounded by flame - a cracked pod made of some kind of black mineral , its shell ruptured OPEN . she reach into the pod and take out - a naked baby ! a newborn - mouth agape - struggling to breathe . Kyle stagger back - kyle ( cont 'd ) Jesus ! what the fuck ! Tori cradle the wheeze baby . he 's no more than three pound . fragile in she hand . helpless . kyle ( cont 'd ) what be that ? tori it 's a child . a boy . 6. Kyle fret as Tori hold the baby to she . the baby stare up at Tori , need she . Tori remove she cardigan and wrap it around the child for warmth . Kyle stand back as Tori cradle the baby to she . the baby stare up at Tori , need she . Tori remove she cardigan and wrap it around the child for warmth . kyle where would it come from ? tori do it matter ? kyle we gotta call someone . the sheriff , child service , I do not know . Tori be lose in the newborn child . she stroke he scalp . his breathe slow , steady . Kyle step toward Tori and the baby , mystify . kyle ( cont 'd ) what should we do with he ? tori take care of he . Kyle squirm , uncertain -— kyle Tori ... Tori - welling with emotion - look up at she husband . tori we have be try for a baby for so many year . all that pain , all that agony and heartache . the memory stab at Kyle . kyle I know , I know ... tori all that night we stay up hold each other , wishing - praying - that God or the Universe or someone would help we . and now it 's happen . he 's here . a gift . meant for we . Blue ( 11/30 / 17 ) 7 . Kyle be awed , catch up in something larger than himself . he hold out he pinkie . the baby grasp it . Tori smile . she kiss the baby 's forehead . the family be together , complete , flame and smolder smoke behind they . Tori and Kyle look down at the peaceful baby in she arm . CUT to : title card : benjamin breyer ext . farmhouse - morning 12 year later . a crisp autumn morning . Tori walk through sprawling farmland . she call out - tori Benjamin ! time for school ! no reply . she let out a two - tone sing - song whistle . from some other part of the property she hear the same sing - song whistle in reply . she smile to herself . she walk across a expanse of patchy grass and head toward a abandoned barn . she playfully whistle again . from inside the barn , someone whistle back . Tori open a dilapidate door . barn swallow screech - startling her - fly past she face . she watch the bird soar through sunlight filter through old rotting window and roof beam . she climb up a ladder to a upper loft area , scan the nook and crevice - a game of hide and seek . she let out a whistle . elsewhere , closer now - the whistle reply . she think she hear a creak from one of the floor board . she smile , climb down into a grain pit area - benjamin leap from some higher level and tackle Tori onto a molder mess of hay . Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 8. Tori wince , laugh - tori ( cont 'd ) you be get too big for this game ! Tori stare into Benjamin 's eye . he 's gangly , 11 go on 12 , hair uncomb , he eye alert . tori ( cont 'd ) but you will always be my baby boy . Benjamin smile . he rise and lift Tori to she foot - benjamin take you long enough to find I . Kyle - wear jeans , work glove in he hand , fresh from the field - enter the barn . he 's get a noticeable limp . kyle what be you guy do in here ? benjamin I be just hide and stuff . kyle c'mon , you know the barn be off limit . Kyle double - check the padlock on a hinge trap door build into the floor of the grain pit area . kyle ( cont 'd ) all this loose board and nail and shit , I just do not want you to break you neck . tori he know that . we be about to leave . Kyle put he arm around he son - kyle sorry if I gotta be the big bad dad now and again ... Benjamin roll he eye . the family head out of the barn into the vast farmland and the morning light . push in on the trap door in the barn , give off a faint , throbbing hum . insistent . foreboding . Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 9. int . middle school classroom - day a science teacher stand next to a video projection - image of bee and wasp dance off of she in the darken room . science teacher wasp and bee . both member of the same insect family , both with two pair of wing , both with stinger . as the teacher lecture , a pretty girl with frizzy hair - caitlyn - peer over at Benjamin make childlike doodle in he notebook - variation on he name and initial . science teacher ( cont ’d ) can anyone tell I any difference between they ? Mr. Breyer ? Benjamin look up at she . benjamin well , um ... bee be pollinator , wasp be predator . science teacher good , good . benjamin wasp be more aggressive . more dangerous . one species , polist sulcifer , be what 's call a brood parasite . a blue -ey boy , royce , exchange glance with a kid with a fauxhawk , the two of they stifling a snicker . benjamin ( cont ’d ) this wasp have lose the ability to build they own nest , so they use brute force to get other wasp species to raise they young . they make they feed they baby beetle larvae and maggot . a awkward silence from the class . royce pipe up - royce yo man , how would they taste ? the classroom erupt in laughter . Benjamin be bruise . as the teacher try to quiet the class , caitlyn lean over to Benjamin and whisper - 10 . caitlyn do not worry about that idiot . some day he will be work for you . Benjamin take this in . caitlyn return to she notebook . he smile to himself . int . farmhouse - kitchen - night Tori wash dish in the sink , steam rise . the kitchen be off dining and live room that have not change in generation - peel wallpaper , heavy dark furniture , old porcelain doll . a loud thump from upstairs . Tori turn off the sink . listen . she call upstairs - tori Ben ? a grandfather clock tick - tock . then , from somewhere in the house , she hear - a low murmuring noise . ghastly . sinister . Tori be creepe . she make she way toward a back study off the live room . Kyle be slump on a old couch , sleep , the tv play some old movie with the sound off . Tori whisper - tori ( cont 'd ) Kyle , do you hear that ? he mumble incoherently . she return to the live room . she hear a SMALL clatter outside - trash can maybe . then a pained guttural moan . she open the back screen door and go - Blue ( 11/30 / 17 ) 11 . outside the farmhouse a jag breeze . wind chime trill . Tori stand on a wraparound porch . she scan the backyard area . bare light bulb behind she . the field a blanket of darkness . she zeroe in on a rusty swing creaking back and forth . be that what she hear ? then , across the yard , someone walk through her peripheral vision . Tori jolt as she watch benjamin bee - line into the backyard , oblivious to tori , oblivious to everything , in a kind of zombie trance . it 's chill . unsettle . tori Benjamin ? he keep walk through flutter sheet on the clothesline . through the backyard . past the coop - chicken squawking wildly . tori ( cont 'd ) Benjamin ! Tori follow Benjamin as he stagger toward the barn - a tiny figure in he pajamas recede into the vast darkness . Tori can make out a eerie ringing noise - keen , pulsate - emanate from inside the barn . faintly at first , then grow . Tori head toward the source of the noise . she enter - the barn almost pitch black . scary as hell . Tori try to find Benjamin in the shadow . the ringing noise beckone he . she find he in the grain pit area , the trap door in the floor OPEN , peering inside . down in the pit be the black pod he arrive in as a baby . the shell be putrefy . crawl with carrion beetle . it throbs , keening . Blue ( 11/30 / 17 ) 12 . Benjamin stand over it - murmuring in some hushed alien gibberish -— he reach out to the pod . he make contact with it , the keen grow louder . tori Benjamin . Benjamin turn - startle - he hand graze the metallic edge of the pod . the keen noise stop . Benjamin clutches he hand in pain . he 's disorient . weak. lose . benjamin what happen ? Tori support Benjamin . she examine he injure hand . a trickle of blood run from he finger . benjamin ( cont 'd ) it cut I . tori I know . I be sorry , baby . Tori use she shirt to squeeze Benjamin 's finger , stanching the bleed , she shirt now blott with blood . benjamin ( in a daze ) I hear ... I do not know what it be . voice or something . Tori look into he eye , search , try to figure out how much to tell he . tori you be dream . she soothes Benjamin 's hair . tori ( cont 'd ) let 's forget this happen , okay ? Tori hold Benjamin , comforting he , try to be strong , but deep down she 's frighten , a sense of something new and terrifying welling up inside of she . Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 13 . int . benjamin' bedroom - moment later the room be dark and shadowy , cluttere with the detritus of different era : a radiator from the 1910' , cowboy wallpaper from the ' 40s . Tori lovingly tuck Benjamin into bed . she make sure he 's asleep . kiss he forehead . she head out of he room , close the creaking door slowly , careful not to make too much noise . she turn , and -— kyle be behind her ! she jump , startle . kyle everything okay ? she fidget . tori I do not know . he be ... sleepwalk I guess . kyle ( suspicious ) where ? Tori catch herself , decide to protect Kyle - tori downstair . he 's fine . c'mon , you get a early morning . int . chain restaurant - evening growling engine . first-person video Pov of stock car racing around a track , crash into each other . Benjamin and Tori sit side - by-side at the wheel of a nascar Racing arcade game . Tori be have a blast . int . chain restaurant - moment later Three member of a wait staff clap in time while chanting a birthday tune . we be in a casual dining place . the waiter set down a sundae with a light candle in front of Benjamin - 14 . wait staff happy happy birthday ! we whipped up something cold ! Benjamin be moody , distant . he 's surround by Kyle , Tori , he aunt merilee - 30' , sunny - and he uncle noah - late 30' , pudgy , affable . Benjamin contort he face , turn off by the cheery song . wait staff ( cont ’d ) happy happy birthday ! for someone get old ! Tori snap a photo with she phone as Benjamin blow out the candle . the staff whoops it up , wish he happy birthday , then head off . kyle wow . I think they use that to break prisoner at Guantanamo . Benjamin half -smile . tori sorry , I do not know they be gonna do that . noah put he arm around Benjamin . noah be it punishment for something ? bad grade ? tori ( proudly ) you have hear about he test score , right ? top one percent . merilee top one - tenth of one percent . everyone on the faculty have be talk about he . tori and he 's just get start . she start to get choke up . tori ( cont 'd ) so much ahead of you . 15 . noah well , a boy that special deserve a special gift . this be from I and you aunt merilee . he hand Benjamin a long wrap gift . merilee merilee go ‘head . Benjamin tear off the wrapping to reveal a remington bolt - action rifle . noah shot my first buck with that very same model . kyle no . no way . Tori , we discuss this . tori I know , but - kyle ( to Benjamin ) you be not ready . Kyle take the rifle from he . Benjamin flare with anger . benjamin I be twelve year old . kyle exactly . you be still a child . Benjamin be irate . he stare down Kyle . arcade game malfunction in the b.g . benjamin give that to I . it 's mine . kyle ( take aback ) what would you say to I ? benjamin i_said - give it to I . Tori and Kyle be stunne . they have never see this behavior from Benjamin before . Benjamin glare at he dad - Blue ( 11/30 / 17 ) 16 . benjamin ( cont 'd ) kyle ( furious ) okay . you be do . no ice cream . Kyle knock the sundae aside - the glass bowl clatter across the table . other customer steal glance at they . kyle ( cont 'd ) we be leave . Kyle stand to go , grab Benjamin by the elbow - Benjamin do not budge . a immovable force . Kyle be about to lose it - kyle ( cont 'd ) get _up . Benjamin boil . it 's a standoff . Tori tenderly touch Benjamin 's arm . tori Benjamin ... listen to you father . Benjamin look at he mom . a moment pass between they . Benjamin give in . he rise to go . tori ( cont 'd ) ( to merilee and noah ) I be so sorry , guy . merilee and noah beg off : not we business . Tori and Kyle leave with Benjamin . int . farmhouse - live room - later that evening Tori sit on a couch , remove she shoe , rub she foot . Kyle get a longneck from the fridge , pop the cap . kyle turn twelve year old , suddenly get a mouth on he . tori it be so strange . so unlike he . Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 17 . Kyle limp toward the live room , think he notice something outside - glance out a window behind Tori . he see wind blow through the tree , spindly shadow on the yard - - be that something moving ? - maybe just the wind . kyle I worry about he . get older . change . maybe it 's all normal , I do not know . Kyle sit next to Tori . take a swig from he beer . tori oh , we be so much worse when we be he age . the shit we get into ? sneak out on school night , smoking weed in my parent ' basement ... Kyle twinkle at the memory - kyle Fucking around on that puke-green couch down there . every time the floor would creak upstairs I would zip my damn pants up ... they laugh as he nuzzle up to she , put he hand on she thigh . she return he affection . kyle ( cont 'd ) we be such idiot . but we pull through , do not we ? tori barely . you parent be okay I guess . mine suck . she laugh . tori ( cont 'd ) I just want we to be better than that . Kyle ruminate . the large window above they , tree waver outside , scraping the glass . kyle how ' bout we all go camp up in drywood this weekend ? the three of we . Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 18 . tori oo - we have not do that in forever . she happily climb on top of he . kyle know what else we have not do in forever ? she smile as they start kissing . int . / ext . farmhouse - garage - night crrreeeeeeeechch ! a rickety automatic door open on a garage pack with box , gardening tool , a 1970 's sedan , its hood stack with paint can . Kyle carry the the remington rifle from he truck into the garage . the wind chime jangle . he climb on a work bench . he reach above a cabinet , move aside Christmas light and mason jar fill with nail . go to place the rifle on top of the cabinet - the light bulb in the garage flicker and dim . Kyle stop . he hear , from outside , a low murmuring noise . ghastly . sinister . the same noise Tori hear from Benjamin . he listen . he can make out the flutter and squawk of chicken - rising into a cacophony of panicked screech , flesh tearing , punctuate by a pained guttural moan . then - silence . nothing but the wind chime . Kyle climb down from the work bench with the rifle . he grab two bullet from a box on a shelf , open the chamber of the rifle , press they in . he slide the bolt shut with a click . he venture out into the yard , toward the chicken coop , rifle lead the way into the darkness . Blue ( 11/30 / 17 ) 19 . he tread lightly , past the squeaking swing set , plan to sneak up on whatever get to the chicken . he hear a drip near a tall tree . he limp toward it . he stop to listen . drop of blood fall onto he face . he wipe at he face , he hand slick with blood . what the hell ? he look up - there 's a mangle chicken carcass lodge in the branch . he walk further and discover - a few more chicken carcass scattered throughout the property , tear open , entrail smear along the ground . then - a rustling from the cornfield . Kyle spin . something's in there . whispering strange noise - a kind of alien gibberish . Kyle steady he rifle . he head into the dark cornfield . he use the barrel of the rifle to nudge aside leafy corn stalk . his heart be pound . his breath shallow . his footstep crunching dry leave . he can see splatter of blood on the leave of corn . he go deeper into the cornfield . now almost engulf by the stalk . he can barely see a foot in front of he . he come out on a empty space between the row of corn . all be silent . he listen for the intruder . then - something bleat at kyle from he side ! Kyle spin with the rifle - Blue ( 11/30 / 17 ) 20 . he relax . it 's a horribly wounded chicken , one wing rip off , a chunk of flesh miss , squawk in agony , stumbling in circle . Kyle aim the rifle point blank at the thing and fire , put it out of its misery . the shot echoe mile away . Kyle stand in the cornfield with he rifle . he call out to the darkness -— kyle fuck you , wolf ! I outrank you on the food chain ! you come round again , I will kill you ass ! no reply . Kyle be alone amid a vast sea of corn stalk . ext . farmhouse - driveway - day Benjamin head toward the truck , where Kyle pack camp supplies . he wear a t-shirt , a backpack over he shoulder . he seem more inward , more distant , than he do earlier . Tori call out from a wraparound porch - tori Benjamin , where 's you jacket ? benjamin I do not need one . tori it 's 40 degree ! Benjamin slump he shoulder and sulk . tori ( cont 'd ) Fine , I will get it . she go - inside the farmhouse through the kitchen and live room . she hasten upstairs . into - Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 21 . benjamin' bedroom Tori sift through the clutter , look for Benjamin 's jacket . she spot it throw by he bed . she crouch down and notice between the mattress and box spring a sheaf of crinkle paper . she take they out and page through they . from downstairs , Kyle call - kyle ( 0.s. ) hon ? you about ready ? Tori be lose in the page . concerned . Kyle join she in the room . kyle ( cont 'd ) you find it ? tori I find ... something . she hand he the page . on top be a target ad feature model in bikinis . Kyle be amused - kyle be this he idea of porn ? he see a Memorial Day sale mailer with woman in bras . he 's amused - kyle ( cont 'd ) mailer from target - for the truly hardcore . he leaf through and find page from a anatomy textbook - Medical diagram of the female reproductive system . a illustration of a naked female and she endocrine system . cross - section of the vagina , the cervix , the uterus . pink tissue . tangles of red and blue vein . technical . RAW . kyle ( cont 'd ) what the hell ? tori be it just a guy thing ? kyle not any guy I know . not this . Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 22 . tori maybe it 's time you have a talk with he . you know , bird , bee , et cetera . Kyle sigh . he do not want to . kyle Fine . I will give he the same talk my dad give I : ' it 's the second hole from the back of the neck . ' tori ugh . she swat at he . ext . wood - afternoon a crisp afternoon , sun dead over the horizon . a cheap dome tent set up at a campsite . Tori take a couple of gnarled red steak from a package and salt they . up the hillside , Kyle and Benjamin crinkle through brown leave , gather firewood . Kyle try to be casual - kyle so , uh , Ben ... I know you just have you birthday . benjamin yeah . kyle which mean you be a young man , you body 's start to change . benjamin okay . kyle so you might find yourself more and more interested in woman . and woman 's body . Benjamin look up at Kyle - cold , upset - benjamin be you in my room ? Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 23. kyle what ? no . benjamin I do not like it when people go through my private stuff . kyle look , I respect that . I be the same way at you age - I think about girl all the time , and no one ever tell I it be okay to touch it or play with it . benjamin with what ? kyle you know . the , uh - my penis . benjamin okay . kyle but here 's the thing : sex be not about organ and body part . I mean , it be . but it 's really about find the right person , fall in love . benjamin and make baby . kyle eventually . even then , that 's not the only purpose of sex . you mother and I , we still - you know , partake . and she can not have baby . Benjamin be take aback . benjamin what do you mean ? kyle that 's why we go to a adoption agency . benjamin Mom can not have child ? like no matter what ? Benjamin chew he fingernails , simmer . he look at Tori , seem betrayed . Kyle be baffle . Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 24 . kyle what 's this about ? be you want a baby brother or sister ? because we be happy with you . with the three of we . benjamin that 's not it . Kyle get close to Benjamin , try to connect with he - kyle look , maybe my word come out stupid . just know that you be a guy , and you be gonna be feel certain urge about girl you see in movie , girl in you class , whatever . it 's okay to give into they now and again . Benjamin look up at Kyle . he nod , placate . int . caitlyn' bedroom - night Benjamin 's classmate caitlyn lie on she comforter in pajama bottom and a t-shirt , talk on she phone , she frizzy hair dangle over the foot of the bed . caitlyn okay ... Jesus , I be at , like , zero percent , so I should probably go . caitlyn rise and cross toward she desk . she pass she second - story window and do not see - outside - a blurry figure in her yard , watching her . caitlyn ( cont ’d ) ( on she phone , laugh ) same to you , dork . mwah . she hang up she phone and set it on she desk . she plug it into she charge . her home screen blink weirdly and go dead . probably out of battery . caitlyn turn off she light . she pass she window again . this time the figure be closer - somehow right outside her window - hovering . caitlyn plop into she bed , throw cover over herself . we see , behind caitlyn - her window be OPEN . the long curtain fluttering lightly . caitlyn nestle into she pillow . she close she eye . 25 . everything calm and quiet . then she hear - eerie music playing . something spooky and romantic , like mazzy Star . caitlyn be terrify . she lift she head and see - her laptop be OPEN , glowing . the song play on itune . she get out of bed . she approach she computer , confuse . no one in sight . she shut the laptop . the music stop . she turn around to head to bed . the music plays again behind her . caitlyn see she laptop open again . her heart rate quicken . she 's almost shaking with fear . she slam the laptop shut . she stack heavy book on the lid . her room now silent . she notice the accordion door on she closet slightly ajar . she slowly advance toward it . she reach out to the knob of the door ... she grasp it and - slowly slide the accordion door . they squeak open . the closet be pitch black . caitlyn reach up , pull a chain , and turn on a bare light bulb . just clothes on hangar . shoe box . pile of old toy and board game . caitlyn steel herself and - quickly part the clothes on hangar — just a plain wall behind the clothes . she part more hangar . then a couple more . Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 26 . then part another - a face glare at her ! she jump back ! it 's just a old rag doll with a tear - up face . caitlyn lower she guard . she turn off the closet light . close the door , turn , and - - walk , oblivious , directly past benjamin stand behind her long fluttering curtain . the hair on she neck raise . she sense something awful and terrifying - she see benjamin staring at her , curtain swirling around he in the night AIR . caitlyn lets out a blood - curdling scream . she turn to run out of her room . the door swing OPEN - a dark silhouette stand in the doorway - wrapping up caitlyn in her arm . it 's she mom , erica . caitlyn be cry . erica what 's wrong ? what 's wrong ? caitlyn someone 's there ! by the curtain ! erica flip on the light . she approach the window - slowly . cautiously . she grasp the curtain - and open they . there 's no one there . the window be close . nothing amiss . but caitlyn be a wreck . erica honey , no one 's here . Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 27 . caitlyn he be right there . I think it be ... this kid from my class . erica be dubious . erica be you watch scary movie on you phone again ? caitlyn I be not , I swear . but even caitlyn be start to doubt herself . caitlyn ( cont ’d ) can I sleep in you bed tonight ? erica of course . of course . int . camping tent - night Tori startle awake . she 's in a sleep bag next to Kyle in they tent . she feel at a empty sleep bag - Benjamin be go . the tent door be unzip , flap blow in the breeze . just cricket and katydid outside . tori Benjamin ? Kyle wake - kyle what 's wrong ? tori Benjamin - he 's go . the two of they scramble out of the tent . Kyle call out - kyle Ben ! in a panic she grab a flashlight . Kyle start to split from Tori - kyle ( cont 'd ) you check that way , I will take over here . Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 28 . Tori nod nervously and go into the forest . she shine the flashlight everywhere . acre of tree recede into total darkness . she 's alone . she hear a flutter somewhere in the tree , a crow squawking . she look behind she . no sign of Kyle . the ember of the campfire recede into the night . she 's scared . tori Benjamin , can you hear I ?... where be you , baby ? Tori hear rustling in the tree above . seed and acorn drop around she . she shine the flashlight up into the tall tree - vertiginous , dizzying , casting eerie shadow . she think she see something moving up there . tori ( cont 'd ) Benjamin ? her flashlight start to flicker and spasm . Tori rattles it , try to jar the battery back into place . the light go back on . she shine it up . nothing up there . she lower the flashlight - benjamin be directly behind her . Tori startles - then loosen . tori ( cont 'd ) oh my God , Benjamin ! where be you ? benjamin take a pee . Tori let out a huge laugh . benjamin ( cont ’d ) do I scare you ? I do not mean to . tori ( still laugh ) no , it 's just ... you have I and you dad pretty freak . Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 29 . she hug she son . tori ( cont 'd ) I be just glad you be here . ext . middle school - afternoon the school day be over . Benjamin be at the end of the walkway in front of the school , apart from other kid , as he sit hunch over he notebook , wear headphone and doodling . a way back from he , Tori wear a hy- vee employee polo , walk with she sister merilee , deep in conversation - tori you do not think I should take he to someone ? a professional maybe ? merilee for what ? talk back to he dad and keep weird jerk - off material under he mattress ? tori it 's more than that . Benjamin be always my special little guy . such sweetness . but lately he 's ... different . merilee uh - yeah , it 's call puberty . merilee laugh , but Tori be pensive . she want to say more . merilee ( cont 'd ) look , Benjamin be highly gift . kid like he be often anxious , depressed , they may have problem integrate socially . what appear troubling to you be actually normal for he age . he will grow out of it . tori I hear you . maybe I be overreact . merilee wrap Tori in a soothing hug , then break it off - merilee sorry , I be late for my 3 o'clock . tori go. Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 30 . merilee hustle off . Tori approach Benjamin from behind . we can hear , muffle , the same song that play in caitlyn 's bedroom . she peer over Benjamin 's shoulder and see what he 's doodling - variation on he initial , lot of stylized b's , next to sketches of cape and mask . Tori see Benjamin obsess over a crude ballpoint drawing of caitlyn' face with she frizzy hair , her eye wide and fearful . Tori zeroe in on the draw - lean in - closer - benjamin turn suddenly , startling her . glaring at he . Tori be flustered . tori ( cont 'd ) um ... who be she ? Benjamin close he notebook shut . he storm into the parking lot toward Tori 's car . tori ( cont 'd ) sorry ! she follow after he . tori ( cont 'd ) she 's cute , by the way ! int . farmhouse - study - night Kyle sit at a old desk in the study . just a desk lamp on . he have he iPad and checkbook open , bill spread out before he . he pick up a certified letter from the local bank . not good . he tear it open . scan the letter . we catch scrap of the letter - " notice of foreclosure " " , .. miss payment ... " " property to be sell within 90 day unless ... " Kyle set the letter down . he sit there , fume - then , overcome , he crumple the letter . so angry he want to crawl out of he skin . Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 31 . he look through the open doorway and see Tori fiddling with a flicker light bulb . Kyle go to the door and close it quietly . he pull up he pant leg and unstrap a plastic prosthesis - a artificial leg from the knee down . he sigh , some pain relieved . he open a bottom desk drawer . reaches behind some hang file , deep in back - and pull out something bundle inside a old sock . he unfurl it to reveal a pill bottle of oxycontin . he twist off the cap , shake out a couple of pink pill . he swallow the pill , sit back , and wait for they to change he . int . farmhouse - study - later later in the evening , Kyle be in a fog - drooly , nearly pass out . he hear a digital chime . Kyle perk up a bit . orient himself . he look down at the iPad on he desk . a alert from the security cam . something move outside . Kyle open he home security app - he see the eerie black - and - white night - vision on the chicken coop . all seem still . then , suddenly , close up of wing flapping , a fury of feather . chicken be die . Kyle , creepe out , see white wisp amid the chicken coop . the footage be jag - freezing and skip . he rewind the footage and freeze the frame . he see what look like a blur . Kyle be confuse . he un - pause the image . the footage play . Kyle peer closer - Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 32 . bam ! a hand jut into frame . Kyle can make out a white figure - ghostly , blurry , with luminescent eye . he 's horrify . int . farmhouse - cellar - moment later Kyle , hold the iPad , lead Tori down rickety wooden stair . tori Kyle ! what be this about ? they get to the bottom of the stair . at one time a old root cellar - stone wall , low ceiling - now a laundry room light by a bare light bulb . Kyle - agitate , clammy - fidget . kyle it be a person . tori what be ? kyle I see something in the chicken coop . be not a wolf . be not a animal . it be a person . tori a person ? kyle ( apologetic , emotional ) Babe , I think it may have be Benjamin . she look at he askance - tori no . he open up the security cam footage on the iPad , press play , and show it to she . kyle this be from the camera I put up . Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 33 . she hear the audio - flutter and tear - but the video be pixillated , corrupted . tori there 's nothing here . Kyle be confuse . he take the iPad back , try to find the footage . kyle I do not know what 's go on . there be someone . a hand . Tori slump as he prattles on - kyle ( cont 'd ) this be we fear . all along . abnormal shit . truly out - there shit . Tori stare at he pitifully . kyle ( cont 'd ) you see what I be say , do not you ? tori ( solemn , direct ) you be do it again . kyle do what ? tori the oxy . kyle that 's ... no . that 's ridiculous . tori you have that look in you eye , you be talk crazy - kyle no , I have not - ( catch himself ) Tori , that 's not what this be about . she give he a wither stare . Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 34 . tori it would make a lot more sense that you new camera be break than that we son magically kill a bunch of chicken . Kyle be chasten . Tori walk up the stair . Kyle turn to the iPad . he press play , see only corrupted data . the footage be a pixilate mishmash , almost taunting he . he 's frustrated , defeat , wonder if he really be see thing . kyle shit . int . middle school - gymnasium - day a red-haire 12 - year-old girl stand with she hand fold across she chest , she eye close . she let herself free fall backward - into a circle of other kid who pass she around , she eye close , a version of the trust game Willow in the wind . Benjamin be on one side of the circle , caitlyn on the other . he look at she . she look away , unsettle . a p.e. teacher blow he whistle . p.e. teacher okay now - there we go ! when we trust each other , good thing happen ! he look at Benjamin . p.e. teacher ( cont 'd ) you be up next , big guy . Benjamin dutifully enter the middle of the circle . p.e. teacher ( cont 'd ) let 's hear it for Benjamin ! some kid clap . Benjamin stand up straight , fold he arm across he chest . he look back at he spotter . p.e. teacher ( cont 'd ) nothing to be afraid of ! you classmate have you back - literally ! Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 35 . Benjamin close he eye . he let himself fall . caitlyn watch , fearful , as kid pass benjamin around the circle . someone pass he to caitlyn . she step aside and lets he drop . he sprawls onto the gym floor . the other kid ooh and wince . royce laugh . Benjamin lie there , unmove , seething inside . royce Way to trust the floor , Breyer ! the teacher rush to Benjamin - p.e. teacher you okay , bud ? he gingerly lift Benjamin into a sit position . some student cringe , other giggle . Benjamin glare at caitlyn . p.e. teacher ( cont 'd ) damn it , caitlyn . give he a hand up . caitlyn be terrify to go near Benjamin . p.e. teacher ( cont 'd ) ( warning ) caitlyn . caitlyn he 's a pervert . royce and he buddy fauxhawk laugh . Benjamin fume . he stare at caitlyn . benjamin you lie . p.e. teacher hold on now - we be all on the same team here . caitlyn , help he up . caitlyn hesitates . p.e. teacher ( cont 'd ) help he up or you fail this class . caitlyn squirm . 36 . then - she reluctantly reach she hand down to Benjamin . Benjamin grasp she hand . he squeezy it . torrential pain hit caitlyn hard . Benjamin stay locked in on her . a fix beam of rage . p.e. teacher ( cont 'd ) Benjamin ! caitlyn let out a animal wail of pain . p.e. teacher ( cont 'd ) let_go ! Benjamin squeeze tighter . his grip like a industrial machine . the bone in caitlyn' hand snapping . then ground to dust . the other kid panic - whimpering - scream . Benjamin grind he hand into a fist , then let go . the p.e. teacher rush in to help caitlyn - she fall back , bawling , clutching she wrist , her hand hanging loose , nothing but pulp - a baggy monstrosity . the other kid shriek . Benjamin 's eye brim with satisfaction . he 's at peace . int . middle school - hallway - afternoon hand-held . we be move - quickly . Kyle , drench by rain , rush down the hall , toward a administrative office - past student glance at he , gossipe in hushed tone . past a young female sheriff 's deputy , walkie squawk . he approach the sound of people yelling . he round a corner and enter a - 37 . reception area Tori - in she work polo - argue with caitlyn 's mom erica . chief deputy tom deever - 45 , brawny , wear a khaki sheriff uniform - stand between they . a waif - thin principal be off to the side . erica do you see my daughter 's hand ?! do you see it ? tori I be sorry she 's in pain , erica , but scream at I be not go to make it any better . Kyle notice , in the glass - in principal 's office - Benjamin sit alone , engross in doodling , he backpack next to he . erica I be not leave until you son be remove from this premise - tori oh Christ .... erica - before he hurt someone else . kyle can someone take a breath and tell I where thing stand ? principal Benjamin be officially suspend for two day - erica suspend ? he should be arrest ! deever that 's up to juvenile prosecutor . principal after he suspension he will receive regular session with we school counselor , miss merilee . erica his aunt ? Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 38 . deever be principal right now she 's the only -— erica ( to deever ) you know she son be inside my daughter 's bedroom last Saturday night . take aback . tori last Saturday night he be camp with we . thirty mile away ! Kyle glance at Benjamin , wonder if he be really with they the entire night . erica ( to Tori ) you just can not admit there 's something seriously fuck up with you kid . tori because he 's adopt there 's something wrong with he ? that 's - beyond disgusting . we be do here . Tori go to get Benjamin . erica badger she - erica who 's he father ? some kind of serial killer ? Tori escort Benjamin out of the office . Benjamin pass erica and glare at her , dead - eyed , cold . deever position himself in front of erica , try to calm she down . Benjamin walk out with he parent , never break he gaze at erica . int . tori and kyle's bedroom - evening raining outside - thunder groaning . Tori change out of she clothes . Kyle angrily remove he jacket - kyle if I pull shit like that , break a girl 's hand ? goddamn . my daddy woulda beat my ass . Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 39 . tori like that 's gonna help . kyle we be probably on the hook now for all she fuck medical bill - tori this be what you care about right now ? kyle I care about my family ! tori then start show it . kyle this be how I show it . by hold he accountable . not by slather he with love and tell he how damn exceptional he be . tori he be exceptional , Kyle . he be . the two of we be try - forever - to have a child , then he arrive . this miracle . kyle ( derisively ) yeah , he behavior have be so miraculous lately . tori ask merilee - everything he 's go through be normal for he age . Kyle level he gaze at she - kyle Tori , he may look like we , but he 's not we . he 's never ble , not once in he whole life . never have a cut . or a break bone . or a bruise . and now he 's hurt people . erica be right - there be something fuck up about he . Tori simmer . upset . then - tori he do bleed . Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 40 . Kyle give she a confuse look . tori ( cont 'd ) he cut he hand , that night when he be sleepwalk . kyle where ? tori out in the barn . he find the pod . Kyle be stunne . furious . kyle why the fuck do not you tell I ?! tori because I know you would react like this . you always , always think he be something to hide , something to be ashamed of - kyle you_do not get to make decision like that for I ! he grab he jacket , start to leave . tori where you go ? kyle out . do not wait up . he hobble out of the room and down the stair . int . farmhouse - dine room - later that night Tori sit at the dining room table , she laptop open before she . she pop open a bottle of beer , take a swig . she type into Google - childhood developmental disorder - and press return . it yield a flurry of result - she eye scan phrase for meaning , answer - disruptive mood dysregulation disorder ... encopresis ... oppositional defiant disorder ... she go to take another drink . 41 . from upstairs she hear -— a loud thud , like a body hit the floor . she set the drink down . listen . she hear a muffled unearthly moan . pained . almost animal . she leap up and hasten -— up the stair she head down the hallway . toward Benjamin 's room . she can hear a SMALL racket from inside he room , like object be throw about . she try the door but it 's lock . she knock . tori Benjamin ? she can make out the mumble alien gibberish . tori ( cont 'd ) open the door - please . she bang on the door with the palm of she hand . more loud thrashing and shaking . benjamin spitting angry alien gibberish . Tori - panic - bang harder on the door . tori ( cont 'd ) Benjamin ! benjamin groaning - wailing ! Tori lean she shoulder into the door and bust it OPEN - inside benjamin' room the window be OPEN - drape flapping inward - benjamin in he pajamas - floating three feet over he bed - he eye rolled white - head thrown back - he body bent backward - grotesquely contorted - as if in the grip of a seizure . Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 42 . tori scramble onto the bed -— she pull down benjamin . fighting with the violent ENERGY surging through he . she corral he to the bed . wrap he in her arm . benjamin seem to SNAP out of it . he 's disorient - he eye craze , savage . Tori grip he face with she hand - desperately try to soothe he - tori Benjamin - you be okay - you be okay ... Benjamin be confuse about where he be . he catch he breath . he study he mother . tori ( cont 'd ) I be with you now . she cradle he . Benjamin look directly at Tori . then - benjamin who be I ? Tori stammer , search for the right word - tori you're ... you be we son , you — benjamin where do I come from ? Tori know this moment would come . she know she have to level with he . tori Benjamin ... I know thing have be difficult for you . I know you feel different from other kid . and you be different . ( slowly , candidly ) you be not from we world . we do not adopt you from a agency . you come here , in some ... pod . from where I do not know . Benjamin nod , processing , almost resign . Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 43. tori ( cont 'd ) you be special . a gift . she grasp he hand in hers . tori ( cont 'd ) there will be people who do not believe who you be and what you can do . that 's why you have to show they that you be virtuous . and kind . and good . Benjamin can see he purpose . benjamin thank you , Mom . everything make sense now . tori you have be send here to do great thing . but you will always be my baby boy . Benjamin smile and put he head on she shoulder . she stroke he hair . he 's at ease . int . caitlyn' bedroom - day caitlyn be propped up in bed , recuperate , she right hand in a bulg cast , she bone pin with a external frame . a bowl of soup sit on a tray in front of she . she try to eat it with she leave hand . her hand shaking . struggle to lift the spoon to she mouth . she set the spoon down and see - in the doorway - benjamin , hold flower . she jolt . instantly petrify . Benjamin enter the bedroom . caitlyn leap from bed . she back away from he . caitlyn what be you do here ? benjamin I get you flower . she drift toward the corner of she room , terrify . caitlyn you can not . Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 44 . she 's on edge . his demeanor be steady , placid . benjamin do not be scared . I want to talk to you . Benjamin slowly walk closer to she . benjamin ( cont ’d ) do you know what karma be ? it 's when you do something bad , and then something bad happen to you . it 's another name for justice . Benjamin be almost upon she . caitlyn be in agony . benjamin ( cont 'd ) that 's why , from now on , you should be careful what you say about I . or karma might happen to you . Benjamin 's face be next to hers . she can feel he breath . a tear roll down she cheek . benjamin ( cont 'd ) do you understand ? she close she eye , wince , horrify . caitlyn ( whisper ) yes . she open she eye . benjamin be gone . caitlyn be shake . expose . she start to weep . ext . dirt road - afternoon late afternoon . a low sun . royce and he buddy fauxhawk ride they bmx 's along a leaf -strewn train track that run along the bottom of a ravine . they talk about girl in they class royce no dude , olivia 's trash . fauxhawk then who would you pick ? Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 45 . royce I guess caitlyn . when she have two hand . they both burst out laugh as they approach the arched stone entrance to a old dark train tunnel , graffiti blankete the side . all around they , a uproar of squawking crow . the boy notice , sit above the tunnel , a slight figure wearing a red cape and mask - the eye and mouth hole jagged and terrifying - he legs dangling over the archway . fauxhawk jump , bitch ! they both laugh . the figure just watch they . royce yo , nice mask . they laugh some more as they ride under the archway , the figure silently look down at they . the guy ride they bike into - the dark train tunnel lit only by fade light from each end . the deeper they ride , the darker it get . royce make mock ghost noise - royce qooo00000 ! they ride into the tunnel until it 's pitch black . we can not see a thing . we hear a strange whisking noise , then the sound of the boy be pitch and throw to the ground , they metal bike crash , wheel spin . royce wail in agony . fauxhawk ( 0.s. ) ( scared ) what be that ? what be that ? royce whimper and mumble incoherently . fauxhawk turn on the flashlight on he phone and shine a pin light on royce . he nose bleed , he mouth gushes thick blood . royce pull broken teeth from he gum . he 's in a daze . 46 . royce something hit I . fauxhawk ( panic ) no ... no ... he move the pin light over royce 's shoulder and see - stand near they bike - the figure in the mask and cape . fauxhawk ( cont ’d ) oh God , oh God ... the figure walk toward they . fauxhawk ( cont ’d ) ( squealing ) royce ! we gotta go ! fauxhawk help a daze royce to he foot . they scramble as fast as they can toward the light at the end of the tunnel . fauxhawk ( cont ’d ) do not look back ! do not look back ! royce start to whimper and cry . the two boy run . they make it to the end of the tunnel - both boy be knocked down . they 're dragge back into the darkness , scream and kicking . they try to crawl away , but something flip they over . a foot press down on royce 's chest . he can barely breathe . the masked figure look down on the two of they . benjamin do not cross I . royce recognize the voice as benjamin' . he gasp helplessly - royce Breyer ? ( struggle to breathe ) do not hurt I . please . the pressure be release from he chest . royce sit up . 47 . they look down the tunnel to see the silhouette of Benjamin walk away , he cape flutter behind he . int . fast food joint - night a small - town dairy queen-like joint that have bbq sandwich , soft - serve ice cream , etc . out in the middle of nowhere . erica lock up from inside , turn a door sign to close . the place be light by bright fluorescent , the window fogge up in the chill night air . erica - all in one shot - make she way to a cash register behind the front counter . she open it up with a ding . pull out the cash drawer . close it . set the drawer on the counter . she look up and see - write in the precipitation on all the window - die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die she 's disturb . the overhead fluorescent light flicker . erica grow more concerned . erica okay , who 's fuck with I ? the fluorescent bulb spasm erratically , buzzing faintly , throw erica in and out of darkness . erica ( cont 'd ) that you , Rick ? no reply . erica climb on top of the front counter . she reach up to one of the flicker light . she strain to touch it . she tap at the long tube . the light go on for a moment - then go out . she tap the light again - the fluorescent bulb flare white hot , then — pop ! 48 . the bulb burst ! erica topples off the counter . land on the floor , hard on her shoulder . she moan in severe pain . through burst of flicker light - she try to prop herself up . her face be CUT up , bleeding . jag shard of glass fall from she cheek . she whimper . mewling . her right eye sting . a searing agony . a SMALL shard of glass jut out of the pupil of erica's right eye . she reach up to it , let out tiny cry , she hand shaking . she manage to pinch the shard of glass with she fingertip - she hold she breath - and start to pull out the glass shard from her eye . impossibly long . buried deep . cover in blood . she pull it out , cast it aside . erica try to see through the blood , she vision blurred and jag . light flicker amid the darkness - a strobe effect . she look up and see , stand over she , in a nightmare burst of flick light - benjamin in he red mask and cape . the light flicker again and he 's go . she can hear he on all side of she . everything blurry and confusing . erica howl out in rage -— erica ( cont 'd ) get out of here ! erica scramble behind the counter . half-blind , she frantically feel underneath the counter - find what she 's look for : a baseball bat . she try to stand - swinging the bat wildly - grunting like a animal — 49 , with each flicker of light benjamin appear to be elsewhere . near . far . on her left . her right . erica knock over display and condiment dispenser , swinging the bat at Benjamin - erica ( cont 'd ) leave I the fuck alone ! she can not fend he off . he seem to be all around she . she 's lose she mind . erica ( cont 'd ) nooo ! she swing hard at Benjamin - miss - and hit a big metal soda station . the bat get jacked out of her hand and go spiraling across the floor . she can not find it through the burst of light . benjamin appear in front of her . erica howl , turn , and run toward the back area of the joint , knock over table . she stagger down a short back hallway , and come to a walk - in freezer . she lift the long master lock hang loose on the latch , then enter - a walk -in freezer she slam the door shut behind she and lock the handle tight . the air be frigid . but erica be safe . she can see she terrify breath in the flicker of light . her breathe slow . she listen for noise on the other side of the door . she hear nothing . and then a eerie hissing noise . something crackling . a pinpoint dot near the door handle start to ripple and melt . scald from intense radiation . erica no. no. no. Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 50 . she back away from the door . freak out . the intense heat carving a hole around the door handle . erica retreat further into the walk - in freezer , amid shelf of freeze food . light spasming . nowhere to hide . she look all around she , brace , ready - in the flicker of light we can see - above her — benjamin in he mask . erica turn - look up - too late - benjamin swoops down on her , the mouth hole in he mask agape , he eye glowing red . int . farmhouse - dine room - later that evening Kyle plop a serve of mac and ' cheese onto he plate . he 's uneasy , do not want to be here . Tori sit to one side of he at the dining room table . Benjamin on the other , hand fold , stare calmly . everyone have food on they plate . kyle ( mutter ) let 's say grace . he reach out to either side of he - Tori take Kyle 's hand , but Benjamin keep he hand fold . benjamin can I say something first ? Kyle look at Tori - this be unusual . kyle sure . benjamin I would like to tell you something I be grateful for . Tori smile . benjamin ( cont 'd ) thank you for adopt I . for the first time I finally feel like I belong . I feel good . Benjamin take he parent ' hand , the three of they now join . Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 51 . Kyle brighten . he close he eye - kyle thank you Lord for this bounty before we ... int . fast food joint - dawn a misty morning . deever and the young female deputy - she name be reye - saunter throughout the place . the emergency light from they squad car swirl lazily in the parking lot . deever and reye pick they way through the wreckage - smashed - up cup and condiment everywhere . Broken light bulb . deever you say she have not respond to any call or text ? reye that 's correct . this be the last place she be see . her daughter have not hear from she . deever damn . that poor girl need she mom real bad right now . deever come to broken glass and drop of blood near the front counter , the spot where erica remove the shard from she eye . deever crouch down to scrutinize it . reye Sir ? reye gesture up toward the ceiling . deever look up and see , scrape into the plaster overhead : a stylized ' b' , like the one Benjamin have be doodling in he notebook . int . middle school - hallway - morning royce be at he locker gather book - he lip split , he mouth bruise . he close he locker to reveal Benjamin walk down the hall toward he . royce be guard , deferential . Benjamin be calm , dead -ey . Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 52 . royce watch Benjamin pass he by . fauxhawk see Benjamin and veer out of the way . all the kid in the school watch Benjamin , hushed , terrify . the word be out . a pall have descend on the school . int . counseling office - later a smallish office space - inspirational poster , paint cinderblock wall . Benjamin 's aunt merilee sit in a chair , a notepad on she lap . Benjamin sit across from she on a small couch . merilee so Benjamin - this be you first day back since the incident ... as she talk he take in knick - knack and photo on she desk : a frame photo of noah ; merilee with she arm around Tori ; merilee with noah in some tropical location hold cocktail . she 's in a bikini top and a sarong . merilee ( cont 'd ) I want to talk to you about how you be adjust . how you be feel , how you class be go . Benjamin stare at the photo of merilee on vacation , tan and nubile . merilee ( cont 'd ) Benjamin ? Benjamin turn to merilee . he look at she a uncomfortably long time . then - benjamin I be sorry . merilee for what ? benjamin that you have to be here , counseling I . merilee Benjamin ... I enjoy be with you . Benjamin forward . Benjamin Benjamin 53 . benjamin you have to say that . merilee no - I really do ! look down . merilee set she notepad aside . she lean merilee ( cont 'd ) look - Benjamin - I know you have not have the easiest time make friend . but I think you be worth get to know . scrunches he face . merilee ( cont 'd ) remember that time we go to world of fun , and everyone else be too chicken to ride the mamba , so you and I go on it over and over ? enjoy the memory . merilee ( cont 'd ) you be a blast ! she lean in closer to he - conspiratorial - merilee ( cont 'd ) and you know what I say to the people who do not want to be around you ? she squeeze he hand and whisper - Benjamin merilee ( cont 'd ) eff ‘em . smile . merilee reach for she notebook . merilee ( cont 'd ) okay , back to business . how be you class go ? benjamin good. 54 . merilee if you find yourself fall behind in any of you schoolwork , please know my door be always open ... as she speak , Benjamin stare at she . studying her . tracking her with he eye . int . sport bar - night fun rock music play . Kyle and noah play pool with a couple of friend , blue-collar dude . they be mid-conversation - noah yeah , my buddy tell I the whole joint be just wreck , and erica be go . it 's be over twenty - four hour . malik - a forty - something buddy - joke - malik Kyle - you think you son coulda do it ? noah swat malik 's arm . malik ( cont ’d ) what ? he do crush she daughter 's hand . kyle not funny right now . travis what 's gonna happen with all that ? kyle he be suspend for a couple day . and I be sure I will hear from some lawyer soon , painting my son as a monster . which - I do not even know anymore - maybe he be . the guy laugh good - naturedly . travis dude , all kid be monster . one night , long time ago , we have a new babysitter over . and my daughter - four year old at the time - ask she if she have a boyfriend . babysitter say no . ( more ) 55 . travis ( cont 'd ) and my daughter go ' be it because you be so ugly ? ' the other guy laugh - ooh , that 's bad . travis ( cont 'd ) but that 's what it mean to be a parent . you love them despite they awfulness . a waitress set down a pitcher of beer . noah , a little buzze , take it from she and put he arm around he brother - in- law -— noah this guy need another beer ! but Kyle be not placate . he 's lose in think . int . noah and merilee's house - night a simple midwestern home . spotify play oldy music . merilee , wear only a oversize t-shirt that go down to she mid-thigh , have a laundry basket tuck under she arm . follow her in a hand - held oner as -— she enter a bathroom , gather some bath towel and throw they in the laundry basket . she walk with the basket down a hallway . the music recede a bit . she enter she dark bedroom - past a window . outside we see the faint outline of a face and a pair of glowing eye - luminescent red - watching her . merilee walk right past the window , turn on a lamp on the night table . now all we can see be she reflection in the glass . she gather more clothes from the laundry hamper . then reach under she t-shirt , remove she bra , and throw it in the laundry . she turn off the lamp and pass the window . the figure outside be go . merilee exit the room and head downstairs . the music play . merilee stop by a side table , pick up a glass of red wine , and drink . then , above she - 56 . a slight creak . merilee stop drink . she hear more creak . across the length of the roof above the live room . be that ... footstep ? merilee be suddenly alert . uneasy . she set down the wineglass . she go to the front door - open - and step outside - ext . noah and merilee's house - continuous the house be off a lonely rural road . cricket rattling . merilee slowly back she way down she front driveway to get a better angle on the roof . she stand on she tiptoe , try to see if anyone be up there . she back up further - benjamin ( 0.s. ) aunt merilee ? merilee jump . Benjamin be behind she , in the middle of the driveway , wear he backpack . merilee laugh at herself . merilee Benjamin ! what be you do here ? benjamin I be think about you . merilee be confuse . benjamin ( cont 'd ) you say if I fall behind in any of my schoolwork that you door be always open . I have be fall behind in social study . merilee how would you get here ? benjamin I walk . Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 57 . merilee five mile ? benjamin you know what , maybe I should head back . merilee no , I will call you mom , have she pick you up . benjamin she 's work late tonight . merilee okay , well . noah 's out and I be in no shape to drive , so ... why do not you just come on in ? merilee head back toward she front door . Benjamin follow she . int . farmhouse - kitchen - night Tori be in she work polo . she set down takeout bag on the kitchen table . she call out - tori Benjamin ! I have sesame chicken ! she go through the live room turn on light . the grandfather clock tick - tock . Tori walk a few step up the stair -— tori ( cont 'd ) Benjamin ? int . noah and merilee's house - later Benjamin stand in a open kitchen - out of merilee 's eyesight - pour himself a glass of water . a mellow steel - guitar country song play in the other room . merilee ( 0.s. ) Ice cube be in the bottom freezer ! Benjamin fill up she glass with red wine . he then take out a Ziploc bag that contain four pink pill - Kyle 's oxycontin . 58 . he squeeze the bag , powder the pill between he finger , then dump they into the glass of wine . int . sport bar - night malik sink the 8 ball . he and Travis slap five . travis one more ? noah ( tipsy ) naw man - I do not get home soon merilee 's gonna kill I . Kyle intercept noah as he put on he jacket . kyle sure you be okay ? noah ( shrugging he off ) it 's just a few mile down the road . Kyle nod . noah zip up he jacket . int . noah and merilee's house - night Benjamin carry both the glass of water and wine into the other room . merilee sit on a cushy sofa . merilee Benjamin . benjamin what ? he set the glass of wine before she . merilee I do not ask for another glass of wine . benjamin oh . I feel stupid now . merilee do not . it 's fine . she take a drink . Benjamin sit across from she . 59 . benjamin so can I ask you something ? merilee give he a look : sure . she take benjamin ( cont 'd ) how come you do not have any child ? merilee Benjamin ! benjamin be that inappropriate ? merilee of course it be . benjamin I be sorry . another drink . her mind start to drift . merilee I be ready for kid . noah , not so much . I stop take the pill a few month ago , just to see . ( catch herself ) oh my God , listen to I . you be twelve ! merilee really feel woozy now . Benjamin stare at she . she grow introspective . a little sad . merilee ( cont 'd ) noah say thing be go so good now - why risk mess that up with a child ? benjamin if I ever have a child , I would see it as a gift . a miracle . she laugh . fading . half-conscious ... merilee get back to I in ten year , see if you still feel that way . merilee lean she head back . she look up at the ceiling . the music become muffled , dreamy , drop out ... she mutter something unintelligible then drift off . 60 . Benjamin sit across from she , stare at she as she lie there pass out . several moment pass . he reach down to he backpack , unzip it . he pull out he red mask with the mouth and eye hole . he put it over he head . he stare at merilee . ext . noah and merilee's house - later that night noah walk from he truck - a flatbe with a fiberglass truck cap - toward he front door . he insert he key , open the door , and enter - he live room a dim lamp on . a doleful song play eerily . noah go into the kitchen , open the fridge . he grab a beer , pop it open . he take a swig as he sift through mail on the counter . he notice a empty wine bottle on its side on the counter . he hear , from upstairs , a door creak shut . he call out - noah mare ? no answer . noah turn off the music . the place now dead quiet . noah make he way upstairs . he head down the hallway . the bedroom door be shut . he turn the door knob . the door squeak open . 61 . inside the bedroom the room almost pitch dark . noah can make out merilee sprawled atop the floral comforter , arm and leg akimbo , she long t-shirt hike over she thigh , pass out . noah crouch next to merilee . he caress merilee 's hair . he 's unsettle , queasy . noah honey bear ? she 's not responsive . he turn on a bedside lamp . benjamin be behind he wearing he red mask . huge jump scare . eye close , merilee mumble distantly . he 's concerned . he stand , turn , and sees benjamin behind he . he flinch - noah ( cont 'd ) Jesus ! ( shake , piss ) what the fuck ? noah rip off the mask . Benjamin calmly look back at he . noah ( cont 'd ) what be you do here ? benjamin I help put she to bed . noah no - here . in my house . with that stupid goddamn mask . benjamin she be help I with my homework . noah , furious , grab Benjamin by the collar - noah let 's go . noah drag he out of the room . down the stair . into - 62. the live room noah march toward the front door , churn . noah I be very disappointed , Benjamin . very disappointed . benjamin I do not do anything . noah fume . it take everything in he not to pound the shit out of Benjamin . he make he way out into - ext . driveway - continuous benjamin be you go to tell my parent ? noah you be lucky if that 's all I do . noah open up the passenger door for Benjamin to get in . the door ajar chime . noah stride toward the driver 's side - he notice a light over the garage door flicker and buzz , shrug it off , start to climb behind the wheel . he see Benjamin be still outside . he storm back over toward the passenger side - noah ( cont 'd ) goddamn it , Benjamin ! Benjamin stand next to the truck , hold the mask in he hand . benjamin you should not say anything to my parent . noah - piss - grab Benjamin by the arm - noah get in the truck ! he throw he weight into Benjamin . Benjamin make a move - so close and fast we can barely see it - noah be thrown across the driveway into the garage door . he rib shatter . 63 . noah fall in a heap . he gather himself to he knee . wheezing . cough up blood onto the asphalt . he look back at Benjamin , who stand there , unmove . the open car door continue to chime . benjamin I do not want to hurt you , but you make I . noah see the coldness in Benjamin 's eye . he crawl toward he truck - pure survival mode . he climb into the front seat - grimace . he throw the vehicle into drive and squeal out of he driveway . the truck tear down the long empty road . inside the truck noah - rasp , terrify - look in he side mirror . he see a glimpse of something , a blur . noah scream inside . pure panic . he look out the side mirror again - nothing there . then he feel a jolt - as if something be leaping onto the truck cap . he hear footstep on the roof - what the hell ? noah try to keep he eye on the road -— the truck headlight brown out . the dashboard light fade . the engine die . noah 's truck come to a stop . noah try to start the truck . it click over and over . battery shot . noah desperately pound the steering wheel . noah sit in the middle of country road . light out . surrounded by pitch blackness . he 's terrify . hyper-alert . he lock the driver 's door . he reach over and lock the passenger door . he sit there , trap . his breathe shallow . his headlight flicker - 64 . noah can see , up ahead - Benjamin in he mask hovering a few inches above the road . noah no . no no no . noah quiver with fear . through the flicker headlight he see Benjamin - closer - then closer - he masked face almost on he -— noah scream as -— benjamin plows into the the truck ! glass pebble from the windshield shatter inward . the front cab accordion . noah's leg splinter . he pelvis dislocate . the truck tumbling over ... it come to a stop . noah look down and see he own blood pool on the road . he 's wedge into the wreckage , the truck rest on its side in the middle of the road . noah be daze . his pupil dilate . blood run from he jaw hang loosely , dislocate . he try to move it into place but it will not stay . his mouth fill with blood . he look up and see - through the shattered windshield - benjamin stand there . noah rattles out slow , labor breath . he see Benjamin starting to walk directly toward he . slowly . methodically . noah reach into he pocket . take out he cell phone . finger bloody - shaking - he precariously dial - 9 - 1 - then drop the phone . it clatter onto the hard asphalt . noah - wedge in , helpless - watch Benjamin approach he , as if in a dream . Benjamin squat near he . leans in close . the slow surf of noah 's breath draw in . 65 . noah gurgle , a faint murmur - noah ( cont 'd ) what ... be you ? Benjamin say nothing . just stare at noah , scrutinize he . noah choke out a plea - barely audible - noah ( cont 'd ) help I . Benjamin watch , impassive . he reach out with he finger and insert it into the OPEN gash in noah's neck . noah try to say something but can not . he stop breathe . his eye glass over . he 's dead . Benjamin study the pearly crimson splotch on he fingertip , almost fascinate . int . farmhouse - later Tori and Kyle , key up , pace they kitchen . she 's on she phone - tori ( into cell ) sorry I keep leave message , merilee , but it 's after ten , we still have not hear from Benjamin . have you see he at all ? kyle ( to Tori ) do he say anything to she at school ? tori ( into cell ) do he mention somewhere he have to be ? I know I be rambling , but I be kinda freaking . so call I . please . she end the call , look at Kyle , and sigh , weary . Kyle give she a suggestive look . tori ( cont 'd ) what ? 66 . kyle ( too innocent ) I do not say anything . tori okay , you tell I so . I get it . Kyle sigh , frustrated . then - the front door creak open . Tori and Kyle rush into the live room - Benjamin enter the house . he's shirtless . holding he wad - up t-shirt in he fist . tori ( cont 'd ) Benjamin ! my God . where be you ? Kyle hug he . Benjamin do not hug back . tori ( cont 'd ) what happen to you shirt ? benjamin I rip it . play soccer . kyle be that where you be all this time ? benjamin royce and that guy ask if I want to play after school . kyle ( not buy it ) royce ask you to play soccer ? benjamin well , kinda . they start play rough - elbow I , trip I to the ground . that 's how I tore my shirt . so I decide to walk home . I should have call , I know . Tori place she hand on Benjamin 's shoulder . tori I be so sorry , baby . you okay ? he nod . Kyle be leery . tori ( cont 'd ) have you have anything to eat ? Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 67 . benjamin I be not hungry . I just want to go to bed . tori okay . here , I will wash that - she reach for he shirt and he pull it away from she . benjamin do not worry about it . thanks . as Benjamin head upstairs -— tori ' night . Kyle be alone with tori. kyle you believe that story ? tori why would not I ? royce and that boy have be bully he since second grade . kyle which he know you know , which be why he come up with that bullshit . tori okay then , what else do you think he be out there do ? kyle I do not know what he be do , I do not know who he be . that 's the whole goddamn point . Kyle sink into a chair , put he head in he hand . he feel like he 's drown , and Tori can not help he . int . tori and kyle's bedroom - later that night Middle of the night . Tori asleep . Kyle lie next to she . he can not sleep . he pop a oxycontin tablet and lean he head back , swallow it . he hear a slight creak from the hallway floorboard . 68. then the sound of muffled alien gibberish . kyle ( whisper ) Tori ? you hear that ? she rest peacefully . he get out of bed . he saunter toward the bedroom door . open it . the hallway be dark . empty . Kyle have trouble get he bearing . he look up . he see benjamin bent over , contorted , crawling on the ceiling , he eye rolled back in he head . kyle ( cont 'd ) Benjamin ? benjamin start to cry . he's in pain . Kyle reach up to he - kyle ( cont 'd ) come here . it 's okay . Benjamin reach down to he dad - and grip he face with he fingertip — kyle try to scream as benjamin slowly crush he face - kyle's bone snapping - blood and flesh surging through benjamin' finger — kyle jolt up_in bed . suddenly awake from he dream stupor . Kyle gather himself , rattle . Tori sleep peacefully next to he . Kyle peer under the space beneath the close bedroom door . be he just dream ? Tori 's ringtone loudly split the night . she reach for she phone , mumble a sleepy hello . she grow troubled . like the wind 's be knock out of she . tori what ?... no ... no ... 69 . int . county medical examiner - night merilee sob into torix shoulder as they hold each other tight . Kyle put a consol hand on Tori and merilee 's back . they're in a dim hallway . linoleum floor . gloomy lighting . Tori - she face red from tear - whisper tenderly - tori it 's okay . let it out . merilee break the embrace , try to gather herself . merilee they will not even let I see he . they say he 's all - she flutter she hand , indicate noah be a mess . tori do they know how it happen ? merilee he be on Route 18 . they think he hit a deer or a cow or something . they be gonna do a toxicology whatever to see if he be , you know , impair . Tori look to Kyle , almost accusingly . kyle he have , like , two beer . maybe three , I be not count . tori why do not you drive he home ? kyle no one 's even on that road at night . Tori glare at he . merilee sniffles . merilee how 's Benjamin ? kyle we have not tell he yet . just say we have something urgent . Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 70 . merilee so he get home okay ? Tori nod yes . merilee ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , it 's a blur . I do not remember when he leave exactly . Tori be confuse . tori Left where ? merilee he come over . he want help with he homework . a feeling of dread well up in Tori and Kyle . int . farmhouse - live room - morning milky first light of morning . Benjamin sit with Kyle and Tori . the two of they have be up all night . they be solemn , measure . tori this may be difficult for you to hear , but we want you to know that ... you uncle noah - he , uh - she 's emotional , have trouble find the word . kyle he die last night . benjamin how ? kyle a car accident . Benjamin take a deep breath . as if absorb the news . Kyle study he reaction . tori you all right ? benjamin it 's weird . I feel like maybe I should cry or something . Benjamin just sit there . Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 71 . tori now , Benjamin , we know you be at aunt merilee 's last night . Benjamin take this in , unfaze . tori ( cont 'd ) I be you mother , and I will always defend you . but if you know anything about what happen to noah , it 's okay to tell we . Benjamin regards he parent for a moment . then -— benjamin all right . I be gonna be totally honest with you . he look Tori and Kyle in the eye . benjamin ( cont ’d ) I be at aunt merilee 's last night . she be help I with my homework . then she say she be tired , so I leave , and I see noah in the driveway . he be yell and act strange , like he be drunk . then he drive off . that 's the last I see he . kyle so all that play - soccer stuff be a lie . benjamin yes . I make up something that I think would make I sound less - I do not know . less weird . Tori be relieved . Kyle be not . he lean in . kyle I gotta ask , Benjamin - what other thing have you be lie about ? benjamin nothing . tori ( caution ) kyle. 72. kyle be you outside caitlyn 's bedroom before you break she hand ? tori he be camp with we , Kyle ! Kyle just stare at Benjamin - kyle where be you on Wednesday night ? the night caitlyn 's mom go miss ? tori this be not help - kyle ( to Benjamin ) what happen to she ? tori stop it - kyle he 's lie to we fuck face ! benjamin I be go to go upstairs . Benjamin rise to go . kyle no - we be get it all on the table ! right now ! tori goddamn it , Kyle ! kyle ( to Benjamin ) do you hurt noah ? do you hurt he ? Kyle be start to unravel . Benjamin stare at he . Kyle pin Benjamin against the wall . the light in the room start to flicker . tori stop this - please ! 73 . kyle ( to Benjamin ) what do you do ? he be my friend ! and you just fuck - Benjamin 's voice come out harsh - evil - benjamin leave I alone ! Light bulb pop and shatter - Benjamin hurl kyle into a cabinet , plate shatter . tori Benjamin ! she rush to Kyle , on the ground , aching . Benjamin stand over they . tori ( cont 'd ) just go . get ready for school . Benjamin turn and calmly walk upstairs . Kyle be alone with Tori . stew , she gather piece of the break plate . tori ( cont 'd ) damn it , Kyle . Kyle , churn inside , hear the shower upstairs squeak on . he get up . brushes past Tori . amble up the stair on he one good leg - upstair hallway Kyle see the bathroom door close , hear the shower run . he head toward Benjamin 's bedroom at the end of the hall . he go into -— benjamin' bedroom Kyle 's heart rate spiking . he open dresser drawer . sift through sweatshirt , jeans , short , look for something . tension music rising . 74 . he glance again at the doorway . the shower still run . he go through item scattered on the floor . he run he arm between Benjamin 's mattress and box spring , but come up empty . the bathroom shower whine off . the water stop run . all be silent . Kyle freeze . he know he should leave the room , but he can not . he hurriedly presses on - he open Benjamin 's walk - in closet . rummages through dirty clothes , old toy , old trinket . he 's frantic now . Benjamin could walk in any moment ! he find a gap at the base of the closet where the drywall be detach from the stud . he reach into the dark cavity and find something . he pull out - the wadded - up t-shirt Benjamin be hold the night before . he 's terrify . mind racing . he unfurl the shirt . it 's tatter . smear with blood . Kyle be paralyze with horror . he leave the closet - benjamin dad ? Kyle startle , hide the shirt behind he back . Benjamin stand there , towel around he waist . benjamin ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? Kyle be terrify of he son . kyle just ... uh ... I want to apologize . Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 15 . Benjamin study he . kyle ( cont 'd ) we have both have a lot go on lately . and I should not have say the thing I say . Benjamin nod slowly . benjamin okay . kyle thank you . for understanding . Kyle try to play casual , but he 's nervous as hell . he move past Benjamin out of the room . int . study - later Kyle have the blood - and paint-streaked shirt splay out before Tori . the two of they talk low , hushed , but Kyle be disturb , animated -— kyle it 's right there . Tori be at a loss . kyle ( cont 'd ) that 's the shirt he be hide from we last night ! that 's noah 's blood ! tori ( derisively ) what be you say - that noah 's truck hit Benjamin ? kyle I do not know . I do not know what I think . tori the truck be totale . Benjamin would not have a bone leave in he body ! Kyle plead with she - kyle Babe ... if we do not do something , more people will get hurt . ( more ) 76 . kyle ( cont 'd ) more people will die . you have get to be with I on this - tori you be ask I to turn against we son ? kyle ( pointedly ) he be not we son . he 's some thing we find in the wood . Tori be full of spite for Kyle . tori you do not understand he . you never do . kyle for twelve fuck year I have understand he ! ( point to the bloody shirt ) this be Benjamin ! right here ! a monster ! Tori start to cry - tori you be wrong . he 's good . we can not run from he . we need to be he parent . we need to love he . kyle ( desperate ) you know I try and try to love he . tori you never do . you never want he . Kyle be now on the verge of tear - kyle please please - he 's kill we - he reach out to Tori , but she shun he . she turn and walk out of the room . Kyle be desperate . fraying . he collapse into he desk chair . Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 77 . he open the bottom desk drawer . reaches behind some hang file , deep in back . he pull out the bundle sock , remove the bottle of oxycontin , then stop short . he notice , in the same desk drawer - a pile of art project make by Benjamin over the year . he set down the oxycontin and linger over they : a Father 's Day card with crayon heart and a school photo of Benjamin , age 8 . a ceramic dish with Benjamin 's handprint , age 5 . a popsicle-stick picture frame with a photo of the whole family and mom , dad , and benjamin write in Magic marker on the side . he 's wrack with emotion . he fight back tear . int . tori and kyle's bedroom - moment later Tori lie on she side , curl up in bed . she 's lose ina stupor . Kyle climb in bed next to she . he spoon she . she do not move . kyle you okay ? Tori shrug . give he nothing . kyle ( cont 'd ) so I have be think ... I be wrong . she take this in . kyle ( cont 'd ) I should not have accuse Ben of any of that stuff . I know he have problem , yes , but I be start to think maybe I be the biggest one . Tori nod . she start to cry . kyle ( cont 'd ) I be go to take he with I to the wood . ( more ) Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 78 . kyle ( cont 'd ) let he use that rifle , teach he how to hunt , like my dad do with I . I want to work thing out with he . let he know I love he . Tori turn she body toward Kyle . she take he hand in hers . int . police station - morning deever sit at he desk with a cup of coffee , binder and file open on he desk . he study the crash report for noah . he sift past edr data , tire mark analysis , grisly crash photo , noah's traumatic wound , he dead body . he find a long shot of the crush car . he see a small blurry detail in the photo . we can not make it out , but he 's take aback . Holy shit . ext . farmhouse - driveway - morning Kyle wear a insulate jacket , pack up he truck . he load a pair of hunt rifle next to duffel bag and camp gear . Benjamin hand he the tent - kyle thanks , man . he smile , slide the tent into the back , slam the hatch . Tori meet up with the guy . she zip up Benjamin 's jacket . tori and here - take this . she hand he a pair of winter glove . benjamin it 's not that cold . tori out there in the wood it be . Benjamin sigh . tori ( cont 'd ) wear they for I . 79 . benjamin okay ... he take they . benjamin ( cont 'd ) listen , Mom ... I be sorry I lie and stuff . Tori regards Benjamin , full of affection for he - tori come here . she hug he tightly . tori ( cont 'd ) it 's okay . we all make mistake . but you will always be my baby boy . Benjamin hug she back . she kiss he . kyle it 's a good hour and a half each way , so do not expect we before supper . Tori smile warmly at Kyle . tori be safe . he smile back at she . a moment between they . Tori watch the guy climb into the truck . the door shut . the vehicle revs up . Kyle , look in the rearview mirror , wiggle he finger goodbye . the truck crunch gravel down the driveway , leave Tori and the house further and further behind . ext . highway - morning deever stride onto the stretch of highway where noah die , he squad car park on the shoulder . there be still bit of debris in the road . nearby , a sad roadside memorial - unlit votive candle , handwritten note , flower in cellophane . deever come to the middle of the road . 80 . he look down . there , scrawle on the asphalt , be the same distinctive ' b' insignia he see back at the fast food place . this time in blood . int . kyle's truck - moving - day a endless road . the car stereo play some old tune . Kyle glance over at Benjamin , gaze out the window . Gray Kansas sky . bare tree . flat land for mile . the song now interrupt by static , the station lose its signal . Kyle try to adjust the dial . no good . he change station . a farm report . a country song . all of they engulfed by white noise . he shut off the radio . they drive in silence . just the squeak of shock absorber go over bump in the road . ext . forest - later Kyle and Benjamin sit on a log by the park pickup , eat sandwich , they rifle in nylon sleeve nearby . sunlight glitter through incandescent yellow and orange cottonwood . tension music creep in as the two guy - father and son - sit side by side , eat , not look or talk to each other . Kyle offer Benjamin a snack -size can of pringles . he shake he head no thanks . Kyle eat a pringle instead . the two guy eat they lunch , stare off in the distance . a feel of dread hover over they . 81. int . farmhouse - kitchen - afternoon Tori stand at the sink drying a salad bowl when she notice outside - a police car drive up the long driveway toward she house . she 's concerned . ext . farmhouse - driveway - moment later Tori emerge from the house , stand on she porch . deever step out of he car and approach she . deever afternoon , tori. tori be something wrong ? deever well ... could be . not exactly sure yet . be you son around by chance ? tori he 's out hunt with he dad . deever then maybe you could answer a question for I . he show a Polaroid to Tori . deever ( cont 'd ) this look familiar to you ? it 's the ' b' insignia in blood on the road . Tori grow concerned , but hide it - tori no. should it ? deever it 's some kind of signature , leave at the spot where both erica go miss and noah die . Tori try to keep she composure . tori I do not ... I can not help you with that . 82. deever do not it look to you like a B maybe ? as in Benjamin Breyer ? tori I do not like where this be go . deever motion inside - deever mind if I come in , take a look around ? tori I be gonna have to ask you to leave . deever if you think you be help you son , you be not . tori get off my property . deever grit he tooth , frustrated . tori ( cont 'd ) go. deever all right . but you know I will be back . Tori stand there defiantly as deever head toward he squad car and climb in the front seat . he fire up the engine . Tori shut and lock the front door , turn , and — sprint up the stair , adrenaline pumping , horrified . intercut with : ext . forest - afternoon Kyle and Benjamin lurch through the wood hold they rifle . a low tangerine sun . Dead leave crackling under they shoe . the guy venture deeper into the wood . Kyle 's eye darting , explore option , a coiled spring . as they get deeper into the forest , a crow start to squawk . 83. first one . then another . Kyle look up and see more and more of they - dark splotches in the tree - kyle something must have spook that crow . Benjamin notice something . he scurries ahead . he crouch down before a slather of mud - benjamin it be a deer . this be track . he examine the track , he back to Kyle . Kyle 's heart rate quicken . this be the moment . kyle raise he rifle - at the back of benjamin' head - benjamin ( cont 'd ) this way . benjamin look back - Kyle quickly lower he weapon . he nod . sure . let 's go . Benjamin stalk ahead . Kyle follow behind . Benjamin search around he , every branch carry information . the crow screech madly . Kyle - queasy now , die inside - follow Benjamin . Benjamin stop to examine a small tuft of fur on a bramble . Kyle stop about ten foot behind he . the screeching crow build to a rising chorus , there scream raining down on benjamin and kyle . kyle know this be it . he lift he rifle . point the barrel at the back of benjamin' head . the crow ' cry carry over into - intercut with : Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 84. int . farmhouse - benjamin be room - afternoon tori charge into benjamin' room , she world spin . she tear through item on Benjamin 's floor . find he backpack . unzip it . pull out he notebook . she open it - and take in page after page of horror — clinical drawing of the female reproductive system . catalog CUT -out of women , there face scratched out , there eye poked through . childlike drawing of women with there legs spread . pregnant women in chain . drawing of sex and torture . Tori be breathless , bottom out , leaf through the notebook - then she see - page after page of ' b' doodles - variation on the insignia that deever showed her - next to drawing of benjamin as a superhero , wearing the red mask and cape , the ' b' insignia on he chest . Tori fall to her knee . she clutches herself , practically dry heaving - a wail of agony building inside she , spilling over . intercut with : ext . forest - sunset the crow scream . kyle with the rifle trained at the back of benjamin' head . surging with adrenaline . he mouth dry . he hold he breath . choking back emotion . he squeezy the trigger — 85 . the rifle fire - the bullet hit benjamin in the head , behind he ear -— benjamin' upper body spin around - the thunderclap of the shot reverberating through the wood - the crow go quiet . Benjamin - staggered but still on he foot - feel the back of he head . no wound . no blood . he turn toward kyle . Kyle stand there . frozen . panic rise . he frantically eject the shell from the rifle then dig into he pocket . benjamin you never want I . kyle fumble for a new bullet , hand shaking . Benjamin grins . benjamin ( cont ’d ) you never make I feel at home . Kyle load the bullet into the rifle , push the bolt forward - raise the rifle - - and fire - directly at benjamin' chest . the bullet rip open Benjamin 's shirt and ricochet off somewhere . Benjamin stare at Kyle with homicidal rage . kyle oh God I be sorry . I be sorry . Kyle drop the rifle - turn - and run away as fast as he leg will allow -— through cottonwood tree . willing himself forward . faster . try to put space between he and Benjamin . he 's desperate . prey . he feel a gust - a kind of moan - blow past he . he change direction , look around , still run . 86 . tree whizzing by . he think he see something to the other side of he - a blur . he change direction again . huffing . stumble . lung burn . Benjamin seem to be here - there - ahead of he - behind he . everywhere and nowhere . then benjamin tackle kyle to the ground . hard . like a semi hit he . int . farmhouse - benjamin be room - continuous Tori - work up - hold she cell phone to she ear . the line ring . to herself - tori pick up , pick up ... the line answer . tori ( cont 'd ) ( frantic ) Kyle , I be so sorry ! you be right ! Benjamin kill noah ! he kill he ! no reply from the other hand . just the soft hiss of static . tori ( cont 'd ) Kyle ? the line still hiss - give up nothing . then - benjamin ( v.o. ) no . tori ( start to whimper ) Benjamin ? where 's dad ? benjamin ( v.o. ) he 's go . Tori 's stomach turn . she 's terrify . tori go where ? 87. benjamin ( v.o. ) ( accusingly ) you know . tori I do not know - I swear - I do not ! Tori fall apart - tori ( cont 'd ) what do you do to he ? what do you do ? benjamin ( v.o. ) ( cold , flat ) I be come home , Mom . the other line click dead . tori Benjamin ?... Benjamin ? ext . forest - continuous Benjamin be on top of a weak and weary Kyle . Benjamin drop the phone . he clutches he father 's head with both hand . rage build . vein and capillary around Benjamin 's temple swell . his eye glow red - smoldering with impossible heat . kyle no - no ! intense beam of radiation erupt from benjamin' eye socket . kyle scream -— as the lasers find kyle's eye - a burst of blinding light bore a hole in kyle's face . he skull cave in and collapse . Kyle 's body sag . he stop moving . his head a gummy mass of boil skin and muscle . Benjamin let he dad 's corpse drop . the forest be quiet . Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 88. leave shaking in the breeze . some animal function have now take over Benjamin . he roil with predatory fury . he let out a pained , unearthly wail . int . farmhouse - live room - night screeeeach . screeeeach . Tori drag a heavy china hutch toward the front door , digging up the old hardwood floor . pant , she catch she breath . then try again - exerting herself - pulling the hutch until it block the door . Tori have barricade herself in . a bookshelf be push against the front window . Kitchen table jamme against the back door . she 's alone . grandfather clock ticking . she go to the fireplace set , pick up a iron poker , hook at the tip . she carry it like a weapon . she gently peel back the heavy live room drape . peer outside - half moon . shadowy tree . a old tire swing sway from a oak tree . she close the drape . she 's a live - wire of edginess , try to stay calm , try to focus . she hold the iron poker in front of she . ready . she can hear she own breathe . her own heartbeat . the world seem to stop . then - bam ! the whole house shudder . as if rammed by a wrecking ball . sawdust fall . Tori take out she phone . dial 9 - 1 - 1 . the line pick up , a woman 's voice - 9-1-1 dispatcher ( v.o. ) 9 - 1 - 1 , what 's you emergency ? Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 89 . tori ( whisper ) my son - he 's - he 's go to hurt I . Tori retreat from the front door , against a wall with frame photo of Benjamin at various age . bam E E 9-1-1 dispatcher ( v.o. ) where be you son now ? a impact from the side of the house . the foundation rattling . Frame cracking . tori ( rasp ) he 's twelve year old . this should not be happen . 9-1-1 dispatcher ( v.o. ) stay calm . where be he now ? Tori feel like a cornere animal . tori we find he in the wood when he be a baby , in some — 9-1-1 dispatcher ( v.o. ) ma'am ? tori oh God - this can not be happen . in some sort of pod . Tori hide under the dining room table , a sheer linen tablecloth she only refuge . bam bam 9-1-1 dispatcher ( v.o. ) ma'am , please - where - ? tori ( voice crack ) he 's try to get in - 9-1-1 dispatcher ( v.o. ) at you front door , mar 'am , or - ! bam ! Blue ( 11/30/17 ) 90 . tori through the wall . he ... have ... power . 9-1-1 dispatcher ( v.o. ) ma'am — tori ( sobbing ) I think he be here for good . but I think he 's here to kill all of we ! the front of the house be blown in — wall collapsing — benjamin surging into the live room like a freight train . tori be overwhelmed by a onslaught of wood and debris . she want to scream , can't scream . the entire house billowing with drywall dust . tori can hear benjamin crashing into the second floor of the house . the dust start to dissipate and clear . Tori stand , get she bearing . half the live room be gone . everything — wall , floor , the whole side of the house — obliterated in a cloud of dust and debris . pink heating insulation tear , dangle . frayed electric wiring flickering through the haze . Tori grip the poker . sense ringing . footstep creak above she . Tori hear — benjamin ( 0.s. ) ( childlike voice ) Mom ?... Mom , be you here ? she can hear Benjamin proceeding from room to room . she can make out the low rumble of a closet door roll open . Tori slowly - gingerly - walk toward the open space in the live room . she can see - through the haze - Benjamin starting to walk down the stair ! Tori turn and hurry through the dining room , into - 91 . the kitchen she motion toward the back door , then spot a glimpse of Benjamin 's silhouette through the dust . she can not reach the back door without step into he sight line . so she back slowly toward the study , then scurries up - a rear staircase she arrive upstairs . almost pitch black . she peer down through the baluster in the stair - look for sign of Benjamin . a game of cat and mouse . she listen . she can hear the cellar door creak open . footstep head into the cellar . Tori feel safe enough to head downstairs . she 's go to make she escape . then - slam ! crack ! a batter from below . Tori turn tail and run down - the long upstair hallway frantic . sprint . someone step in front of her . she scream - lift the poker - she' wrapped in a bear hug - the poker drop to the floor . it's deever and reye armed with shotguns . deever you be safe now . we get you . everything 's gonna be o- something whisk past he . deever stop short . 92 . he feel something and look down - part of he throat have be torn away . blood start spilling down he shirt . Tori 's eye widen in horror - almost hyperventilate . another whisk and deever 's head cave in . his face be deform , he eyeball come out a little bit . he fall over dead . as Tori scream , reye drag she away - pull she into - a spare room a old sewing room with creepy dress form mannequin . reye hold she shotgun toward the door , expect Benjamin to follow they . Tori - every dial turn on - lead reye into a walk - in closet . she open a door at the other end of the closet and come out on — a guest bedroom fade wallpaper , oval mirror , religious statuette on the dresser . no sign of Benjamin anywhere . the two woman try not to move . the house eerily quiet . they listen . from elsewhere upstairs they hear , faintly - a floorboard creak . reye signal Tori to hide while she go to investigate . Tori nod . reye head out into the hallway - silently , steadily . Tori duck into - her bedroom she 's alone now . she wedge herself under the bed . 93. she lie down . as low as possible . she can hear strange noise - odd floorboard creak . benjamin approach . Tori be freeze with fear . she retreat as far under the bed as she can . Benjamin enter the bedroom . Tori see he feet glide past - a couple inches off the ground . she cover she mouth with both hand , try not to give herself away . Benjamin move on . benjamin walk past wearing he red mask and cape . just a few foot away . Tori cover she mouth with both hand , try not to give herself away . a heavy silence . nothing move . Tori crane she head slightly , peak out from under the bed . she can see , in the reflection of a mirror - reye make she way down the hallway . Tori want to tell she she 's in danger , but she can not . Benjamin intercept her — reye get off a shotgun blast but it glance off Benjamin . Tori can see in the mirror - reye howl in agony as Benjamin palm she face and smashes her head against the wall - her skull splitting like a melon . blood splatter the mirror . it take all of Tori 's power not to scream . Benjamin stand in the hallway , he mask cake with blood and dust . inhuman . he listen . he hear something come from the bedroom - someone under the bed . he enter the bedroom . 94 , he crouch down and look under the bed . there 's no one there . he look to the bedroom closet . the door slightly ajar . he know where Tori be . he go to the closet door . he open it . no one there . just shelf of towel and toiletry . CUT to : outside the house tori dangle from the second -story window . she look down . it 's a 25 foot drop . she have no choice . she let go - and fall to the ground . hard . her ankle twisted , fuck . she will herself to stand up . and take off run . into the backyard . emergency light from the sheriff 's squad car swirl eerily in the quiet night . Tori limp toward the cornfield - she ankle ringing with pain . she press on . running . frantic . she tear through the thick stalk of corn . desperate . and then she hear it - behind she , faintly - a two - tone sing - song whistle . the same from the game of hide - and - seek earlier . 95 . Tori want to cry . can not cry . she charge forward . she emerge from the cornfield . headed toward the big barn . she run across the patchy ground . come to - the big barn she burst in through the entryway . the place creepy at night . a dead , rotting husk of a building . almost pitch black . Tori climb up a old ladder . strain . boom ! the building rattle . Tori let out a whimper . she can hear Benjamin crashing he way into the barn . from behind she , closer this time , Tori hear -— the two - tone sing - song whistle . she cry to herself - tori no no no . Benjamin be stalking she . toying with she . Tori inch she way along - a dark walkway she feel along the wall . floorboard at she foot miss or rotting away . boom ! boom ! Benjamin burst through wall , literally tear apart the barn to find she . Tori step further - bam ! a entire section of the barn explode inward ! Tori 's path be collapse . cut off . 96 . she try a different route . she crawl under a gap at the base of the wall . she squeeze she way into - a hidden storage space she stand up to find , light by moonlight from gap in the roof - erica's dead body hanging from hook - splayed OPEN - her reproductive organ labele - cervix , uterus , fallopian tube . dripping with maggot . the AIR thick with fly , fluttering moth . and carve all over the wooden wall - benjamin be ' b' insignia . over and over and over . Tori be lose , panic , trap . she feel a tremor - the whole barn shaking - benjamin burst into the storage space - Tori back away - stumble - and crash through rotting floorboard . she fall . two stories . and land hard in the grain pit area . she 's daze . her nose bleed . her back scream with pain . she see the rotting roof and the night sky above she , flitter with moth . she have to get up . she stagger to she foot . scramble to the trap door . she strain to lift the heavy door . from somewhere above she hear the sing - song whistle , get closer . 97 . she manage to lift the door . in the pit below lie the ruptured black pod . she kick at the shell of the thing . the pod break into piece . she grab one of the shard . rise . and - benjamin Mom ? Tori turn to see - Benjamin stand behind her . the two of they alone in the pit . Tori quiver , terrify . Benjamin slowly remove he mask . his young face be cold , distant . Tori be jittery . try to keep it together . holding the shard at she side , conceal . tori Benjamin - listen to I - she steady herself . tori ( cont 'd ) I have never stop loving you . ever . I believe - I still believe - that you be a bless that fall down to this Earth . Benjamin remain wary . tori ( cont 'd ) when we find you , you be so helpless . so tiny . all we could do be keep you safe . Benjamin 's anger start to dissipate . tori ( cont 'd ) no matter what you have do , you be still good inside . Benjamin break - a 12 - year- old boy now , not a killer . he begin to cry . the most emotion we have see from he . benjamin I want to do good , Mom . I do . 98 . tori you will . I will help you . Benjamin come to she . he embrace she . weeping . bury he face in she shoulder . Tori cry too . she hold he , stroking the back of he head . she whisper - tori ( cont 'd ) you will always , always be my baby boy . Tori take the broken shard from her side - lift it - about to plunge it into benjamin' neck - benjamin' hand catch her wrist . he stare into she eye - a mixture of rage and wounded pain . he squeeze Tori 's wrist . she drop the black shard . terrify for she life - tori ( cont 'd ) no ... no , Benjamin ... benjamin grip her tighter . he surge upward . tori ( cont 'd ) Benjamin ... benjamin surge upward . he smashes through floor after floor of the barn , snapping torix bone . he fly higher and higher — into the night sky . over the farmland below . tori be body in he arm . tori - helpless , broken - look up at benjamin . benjamin look at he mother one last time . then drop her . tori fall and fall in slow motion - her body flailing as she stare up in horror at her son ... 99 . fade to : a tv newscast a anchorman sit at a local news desk . over he shoulder be a graphic that read disaster in the skie . anchorman break news this hour . a passenger jet have crash in the small town of brandenburg , Kansas . report be still come in , but there be believe to be no survivor among the 268 passenger on board . we go now live to we own Dawn maywell , at the scene of this horrific tragedy . Dawn , what can you tell we ? match CUT to : ext . farmhouse - night a young reporter in a parka stand before the smolder wreckage of a downed passenger jet , billow smoke . she hold a microphone and speak to a tv camera . reporter investigator be not yet sure what cause the plane to drop suddenly from the sky . there be no inclement weather , no indication of engine failure ... we pull back to take in a grisly scene - body scattered - on the ground , in a tree , hang from the rupture fuselage . a zillion globe light from emergency vehicle . firefighter spray water onto the wreckage . rescue worker attend to the scene . pull back further to realize we be on the grounds of the breyer family farm . the plane seemingly nosedive into the farmhouse itself . in the back of a emt vehicle , sit all alone , be benjamin , wrap in a mylar blanket . 100 . he watch the billow smoke , the swirl light . he 's emotionless . his aunt merilee approach he with a Dixie cup of water . merilee here . I be able to get you this . she hand he the water . he drink it . merilee ( cont 'd ) and I talk to one of the official . they say you can go if you would like . Benjamin look up at she . his face passive . she gaze down at he with sympathy . she have trouble keep it together . merilee ( cont 'd ) oh Benjamin , I be so sorry . she start to weep . merilee ( cont 'd ) all that people ... you parent ... dead . it 's too much . he nod . merilee ( cont 'd ) I be just grateful you be okay . benjamin I too . merilee come on — she help he to he foot . merilee ( cont 'd ) you will stay with I until we figure thing out . the two of they walk away from the emt vehicle . Benjamin reach out and take merilee 's hand . she clutches it . merilee look ahead . she do not see the faint smile creep across Benjamin 's face . 101 . they walk past the wreckage , leave the tragic scene . the camera stay on the crash . it dolly in on the rupture side of the airplane . there , sear into the wreckage be the strange ' b' insignia . black . during end credit : we hear staticky audio from the cockpit of the plane - pilot ( v.o. ) ( casual ) Tower , we engine instrument look good . eighty knot , head two six zero . ( then ) wind be at zero one - um . huh . we be see something downwind . unidentified . approach . a huge thump - crackling noise - alarm whooping - the pilot panicked - pilot ( v.o. ) we lose engine 3 and 4 ! lose altitude ! we can hear passenger scream - piercing - primal . pilot ( v.o. ) something 's outside the plane ! a man ... oh my God ... a boy ... then a massive eruption - a wall of static . come up on — int . federal office - continuous a man in a navy tie and a press white shirt sit at a table in a small room hold a steaming cup of coffee . let 's call this man black coffee . a char orange cockpit Voice recorder be plugge into he laptop . the speaker hiss static . Black coffee rewind the audio and play the last part again -— 102 . pilot ( v.o. ) - outside the plane ! a man ... oh my God ... a boy ... he stop the recording . he sit back in he chair . gear turn . the door open . agent two - young , crisp , female - enter the small room and hand he a piece of paper . black coffee this about the South China Sea ? as he scan the report - agent two nine confirm dead and count . black coffee we know what kill they yet ? agent two Survivors tell storey of a half - man half - creature emerge from the ocean . Said to breathe underwater . Black coffee take a drink from he styrofoam cup . then - black coffee sound like we get another one . end .