mightbirds by Steve Lloyd haye ( 818 ) 981-7696 stevehaze@sbcglobal.net February 2008 nightbird in darkness , we hear tinkling glass and rustling feather . mack could I get a spot here ? a spotlight hit mack the mock , a white - suite mockingbird at a microphone . a glitzy show curtain sparkles behind he . mack ( cont 'd ) lady and gentleman , gull and boychick , welcome to birdland ! ( whistle , feathery applause ) perched high in the beautiful treetop Lounge , we have get a great show for you tonight . so put you wing together for artie caw and he crow bar Ban another spot hit the '' crow bar band '' - three crow on keyboard , bass and drum , lead by another crow , artie caw . mack ( cont 'd ) and welcome everybody 's favorite songbird miss flo nightingale ... spotlight converge on flo -- pack into sequin and spangle , she 's the sexiest nightingale you ever see . mack ( cont ’d ) I be you host , mack the mock -- geoome moviefone voice ) '' Bird of a thousand voice ! '' ( Bobby darin ) '' look out ol 's macky be back , yeah ! '' Professor caw , if you please ? artie 's band strike up a song intro ( '' nightbird '' ) -- a big epese gi number straight out of a great old rko movie , except this singer have wing . call it a busby birdly musical . flo join mack at the mic , sing : flo most bird work and hunt all day , never stop to sing or play ... mack come sundown , they be run-down . flo but some bird sleep the day away , till twilight fall ... mack then hey -hey -hey ! mack & flo we be the fun set , up at sunset , Flying till dawn -- when other birdy turn in early , we turn on ! we be ... light up full -- the curtain rise to reveal a chorus line of glitter - garbe nightingale . whistle and cheer . nightingale nightbirds ! hey , put out the light , bird , it 's time for we nightbird to rise and shine ... mack the birdland beauties , everybody ! nightingale nightbirds ! you want pure delight , bird ? you come to the right bird ! tonight you will feel fine ! the chorusbird do a tap break . reveal they be onstage at .. ext . birdland - night a lavish nightclub with leafy table and booth build into the branch of a huge tree . the stage be the ledge of a gothic cathedral , frame by two gargoyle . the decor suggest a Deco 430s speakeasy . now mack take center stage . mack sure , i_ know early bird catch all the worm -- but what kinda squirrelly bird want breakfast that squirm ? I would rather dine with the ... all nightbirds ! if dayltg ght 's too bright , bird , and blue sky make va blue ( boo hoo hoo ) -- you just might , bir be nightbird , too ! applause as the nightingale pose . a scenic curtain fall , feature a farm with crow rooster . mack take the mic . mack ( elvis ) '' thank you , thank y' very much . '' as you know , someone very special be make he debut here tonight . ( imitate owl ) '' whooo ? whooo ? '' oh , the owl be get impatient , I 'il tell you who -- kid bantam , that 's who ! ( imitate hen ) '' cluck-uck-uck-uck -bakaw ! " '' listen to that hen , they love he -- stay up late , huh , lady ? okay , do not get you egg in a scramble . ( off loony laugh in crowd ) hoo-boy , the loon be out tonight -- '' hoo - hoo-hoo-hoo-hoooe ! '' now lemme tell you a little about the kid . you know he real name ? first time I meet he , I ask '' what 's you name ? '' and he say , '' dagnabbit , shuddup ! '' so I say , hey , shuddup yourself , I be just ask . and he say , get this _- '' no , that 's my name - - dagnabbit shuddup ! anyway , that 's what the farmer call I . '' kid you not . true etary from the farmyard scene on the curtain ... dissolve to : ext . farm - night a real farmyard scene . the mailbox read '' farmer family farm . all the light be off in the ramshackle farmhouse , and the henhouse next to it . a cow doze with a donkey , pig sleep together , the night be quiet . then ... rooster dag pop into frame , crowing . dag brakakakak ! brakakakak ! erkakakak-aroo! his chest swell -- he throat puff -- he wattle wobble as he blast he brassy jazz riff into the silent night . dag ( cont 'd ) er-er-roooo , ba-kak ! er-roooo , ba-kak ! er-roo bak-kak-kak-kak-kak! the night start to respond , as dag 's crow wake they up , the animal start to complain ... cow / donkey / pig oooooocooch .... yawwwwwwww .... roink ! somewhere , a dog start to howl . other dog join in . a light come on in the henhouse doorway . penny emerge -- the cutest little chick you ever see -- wide awake and eye sparkling as she listen to dag crow . older hen appear behind she , squinting , groggy and grumpy . old hen get back to bed . do not encourage he . now a crying baby add he voice to the cacophony -- and light start go on in the farmhouse . dag brakaka -kak , a rooo ! brak .. farmer ( 0.s. ) dagnabbit ! shuddup ! dag 's in musical seventh -heaven , so he do not see the book hurl out of the farmhouse window behind he ... which conk he in the head , silencing he in mid-so . dag bak-kak-kak---unk! dag sprawl , knock unconscious . penny move to help -- then retreat as ... the farmer stomp out of the house in he long - john with length of twine in he hand . he kneel by dag and loop fhe knotted twin around he beak -- a improvise muzzle . farmer last chance , dagnabbit . he turn back to the house as dag woozily come around ... to see he 's muzzle . dag freak out . he strain against the twine , try to crow -- but he can only croak miserably ... dag melp ! melp ... penny rush to help , peck at the muzzle . dag pull away . penny do not worry , I be not gonna kiss you . but dag 's lovestruck eye tell we that 's the last thing he 's worried about . he let penny bite he muzzle -- they both twist and pull -- and after a awkwardly intimate moment ... penny pull the muzzle off ! dag crow in delight . dag erk-erk-a-roo ! ( catch himself , whisper ) erk-erk-a-roo. the noise bring the older hen back to the henhouse door ... hen . keep it down ! knock it off ! go to bed , ya freak ! old hen better yet -- fly the coop ! then we can all get some sleep . penny you think we want to be up all night ? it 's just how we be . old hen ( righteous sniff ) no better than nightbird . the hen drift back to bed . penny help dag up . penny Boy , he really throw the book at you . dag aaah , I be okay . but how ' bout you ? still get henpeck ? penny you should hear what they say about you . dag maybe they be right . maybe we should fly the coop . penny only problem with that ? we can not fly . dag we could leave . penny you mean ... cross the road ? dag yeah . penny but ... why ? dag why not ? see what 's on the other side ? penny that 's it ? that 's you plan ? '' we will see when we get there ? '' '' man '' rooster . ' no idea where they be go , and will not even ask how to get there . well , till you get a little more specific about you intention , you can just cross that road by yourself , mister . dag come on , penny , do not be so human . penny I be not human ! it 's just -- when I cross the road with a guy , I wanna know what 's on the other sidé . you get back to I when you figure out where you be go . dag where we be go . she smile , soften . they nestle a little closer . dag crow a soft arpeggio , sing : ( " if I could fly '' ) dag ( cont 'd ) talk about boring , everyone 's snore , it 's not even ha past 's eight ... penny and here we be , stay up late again ... dag everyone 's always peckin ' 's and pickin 's -- penny '' well , she 's a odd duck ... " dag '' man , he 's one funky chicken . " dag & penny I wish we could up and take flight to wherever bird stay up all night ! dag penny if I could fly , ( speak ) I would say goodbye ... why ?! dag penny to everyone but you . whew . D. penny if I could fly , hey ! I would fly away -- dag penny to find we a home somewhere ooh ... new . dag a home somewhere far , where we will be who we be ... penny where we will rest in we nest all day ... where we’ ip sta up and play til the night fade away ... dag & penny and who give a hoot what the other bird say ! if we could fl we would fly toget . er , bird of a feather across the sky , to someplace free ... if only we could fly . penny 's eye sparkle . dag draw close . music continue under . they be just about to kiss when ... conk ! a package drop on dash 's head . he spin and stumble to the ground . music stop . penny rush to help dag up . dag ow ! man , I be have a bad head day . on the package - which have rip open when it hit the ground . dag reach down to pull out ... a souvenir snowglobe with a city skyline . dag shake it . reverse shot - dag and penny 's eye be huge in the round glass , as they watch glitter swirl around the tiny city . dag ( cont 'd ) hey , it 's snow ! I mean out here ! dag be Pov - the snowglobe lower to reveal a real sky full of fluttering white flake . no , not flake -- piece of mail , drift to earth . dag and penny stare in wonder . on the postcard as they land -- Fairy - tale view of a Manhattan - style city . dag read the print message . dag ( cont 'd ) '' live the night life ... '' '' join we after dark ... '' '' the city that never sleep ! '' dag look to penny , amaze -- here 's they answer ! penny 's eye sparkle . they be just_about to kiss again when ... thwump ! music stop abruptly as dag and penny be startle apart by the crash - landing of a pigeon right in front of they . the pigeon ( homer ) wear a messenger vest , a mailbag sling over one wing , ermos on the other . homer whoa ! hey lovebird , sorry to interrupt , it 's just my bag spill and ... spot the snowglobe ) whoa , lucky that do not break . dag ( point to he head ) no , but this do . homer sorry dude , nothing serious , right ? ( hold up he wing ) how many wing ? dag duh -- two ? homer excellent , no concussion , hey , accident happen , you get insurance , right ? as he talk a mile a minute , he unsling a thermos from he shoulder and pour a cup of coffee . like many delivery worker , Homer be hypercaffeinated . homer ( cont 'd ) tell ya what , let 's be cool and not even involve the vulture , dig ? and you can keep the doohickey . dag rub he head angrily ... penny eye the snowglobe longingly ... dag eye penny longingly ... homer ( cont 'd ) so ... we cool ? ( off dag 's shrug ) excellent . I be Homer . dag ( as they shake wing ) dagnabbit shuddup . homer whoa ace , say what now ? enny that 's he name , call he dag , I be penny . homer thanks , Pen , you be one knockout chick , and one righteous rooster . what be you two do up this time of night besides , you know , chicken - neck ? you two get some nightbird in ya ? dag so they say . homer | it 's not a bad thing . he pick up scattered postcard . dag and penny help . dag Homer , where do this come from ? homer the City . you never be to the City ? dag be it really a '' city that never sleep ? '' homer brother and how . you gotta go , it 'il blow you birdy brain . the Central Park poopery ... the statue of lavatory ... the International Airport -a-potty ! ( off they look ) hey , I ’ma a pigeon , the world be my tollet . best of all ... ( find a postcard ) birdland ! on postcard - a view of the lavish treetop nightclub . homer ( cont 'd ) '' Home of the famous treetop Lounge where the nightbird sing till dawn and close time 's not till tomorrow . '' get off you tailfeather , check it out ! it 's not even that far , you can see it from here ! he flutter to the roof of the farmhouse porch . penny and dag look helplessly at each other . then ... dag flap onto the roof of the henhouse ... then onto a tall stack of crate . penny follow tentatively . dag leap to the trellis by the porch , grab the slat with he claw . he reach he wing out for enny -- and catch she as she jump . together they climb up the trellis to join Homer ... on the porch roof - Homer point to the distant light of a glitter skyline . dag and penny squint to make it out . dag wow ! you think we could make it there ? homer well if you can make it there , you will make it anywhere . ( see penny 's reluctance ) you know , you could go first -- get a job , finda place -- _and come back for enny once you " be all set up . I x11 help , just _call when ya get there . I be at the Hotel broadwa catch you on the flipside , fow . $! with a salute he take off . dag and penny wave goodbye -- then look at the city . music under ( " if I could fly '' ) . penny it 's so big ... and so distant ... dag but it 's not non-existent ! now we destination 's in sight ... dag & penny just a couple of loony , out here in the boony ... still we feel that it 's real and it 's right ! so_ you and I will keep we eye on that far horizon across the sky , where we would be free ... if only we could fly . they nestle closer , silhouett against the moonlit sky . the night itself start to fly via time - lapse fast - motion : the moon arc downward -- they draw closer -- dag put a wing around penny -- she draw away -- they look at the sky -- awkwardly inch together again -- penny lay she head on dag 's shoulder -- and he put he wing around she . ext . farmhouse - dawn as sunlight seep into the sky and paint it in pastel , dag and penny nestle together , doze . penny dag ? be not it time for you to ... dag mmm ? oh yeah , okay ... he try to straighten up and crow ... then realize -- he 's on the edge of the roof ! groggy , he instantly fall off . penny squawks -- then take a brave , run leap to the crate ... down to the henhouse ... to the ground . the Farmer emerge from the house , pass unconscious dag ... farmer pathetic . he move to open the gate for a turnip truck as it turn in . as penny run to dag 's side , the other hen emerge from the henhouse , blink and stretch in the dawn light . they stare at penny as if she be a fall chicken . old hen pathetic . as the Farmer help the truck driver load basket of turnip onto he truck , he see ... a long black car approach . it nose through the gate and squeal to a stop by the Farmer . tinted glass roll down , replace the Farmer 's reflection with the crabbe face of ... cap'n pluckett - a withere despot in a white linen suit . a beady - eye parrot ( paulie cracker ) ride on he shoulder ; a big rhode island red rooster ( red ) doze at he side ; a glower hound dog ( general lee ) sit at he foot . 10 . cap ‘n pluckett anything to sell I today , Farmer Farmer ? the farmer 's shadow close in on sleep dag ... who awaken rudely as the Farmer hoist he into the air . farmer how ' bout this worthless rooster ? up all night , sleep all day . heck , forget sell , I ’1ll give he to you . cap ‘n pluckett I do have a certain interest in bird of a nocturnal nature ... he pat he own sleep rooster . the Farmer hold dag up to the window ... where he attract the attention of General Lee . the Dog growls . dag squirm . cap'n pluckett ( cont ’d ) but that 's not what I want to purchase . farmer I keep tell you , this land 's not for sale . we be not dead yet . cap'n pluckett sure you be , you just be not get the good sense to lie down . as the sun rise , a large shadow fall over both man . reveal the pastoral farm be border by a towering brick wall . a billboard at the top read '' cap'n pluckettas poultry '' -- and feature a likeness of the old cap 'o himself , lift a drumstick to he mouth with a motorize hand . up and down it go , as the cap 'o take the same bite forever . back to scene : the cap 'o hand the Farmer a official - look envelope -- notice of foreclosure and eviction . cap'n pluckett ( cont 'd ) sorry about this , Farmer Farmer . just doin 's my duty be all . ; paulie cracker doin 's my duty , rawk ! doin 's my duty . now General Lee bark at dag -- who kick out and land a swipe across the dog 's nose . furious General Lee lunge through the window . the Farmer pull back and drop dag ... who run for he life , with General Lee in hot pursuit . ext . farmyard — dawn dag race beneath hoe and rake lean against the wall ... knock they over as he pass . hot on dag 's tail , the General stumble and roll over the clatter tool . he finally rights himself -- and step right on the blade of a hoe which obey the law of slapstick and swing upright , conking the dog in the noggin . with a flutter of wing , dag leap lightly over a haystack . behind he , General Lee plow straight through -- and tumble out the other side , spitting hay and paw it from he eye . 11 . dag head straight for the gieep mule ... and run under he , tickle the mule 's belly as he go . the mule jagy in he sleep ... then wake abruptly , annoyed . who wake he up ? he look behind he to see ... General Lee approach . the Dog see the angry mule ahead , ready to kick . he try to brake , but too late ... dag look back as the mule brays and the bog yelp . his eye follow General Lee 's brief flight and hard landing . thud . as the cow and pig wake , complain loudly , dag race to ... the henhouse - he dive through the small door with General Lee inch behind . wham ! the dog 's nose wedge tightly in the henhouse door . int . henhouse - continuous shake from the impact . feather fly . hen squawking in alarm . dag hurry to penny ... dag Pen , remember we talk about I leave ? penny nod . dag point at the dog 's snout behind he , snarling and slaver as it try to free itself . dag ( cont 'd ) seem like a good time . dag take a peck at the snout . General Lee yowls and strain to pull free of the door . dag peck as he talk ... dag ( cont'd it will be okay , I will find a job , and I nil find a place for we to live .... penny together ? dag ( take she hint ) and I '1l find a all - night wedding chapel ! penny dag , be you ...? dag sure , will you ...? before penny can answer ... crrrrraaaack ! Wood split as the dog pull free , with the doorframe still jamme on he snout . dag ( cont 'd ) gotta go . as he leap out the wide - open door ... penny yes ! the answer be yes ! ext . henhouse - continuous General Lee 's at the base of the henhouse ramp , try to pull the door-frame off he snout ... 12 . - as dag leap out and land hard on the top of the ramp . the whole thing see-saw -- dag 's end drop to the ground -- the other end land a uppercut to General Lee 's jaw . the dog yowls . dag skeddadle . he take a run , flap leap ... and barely make it to the top of the fence . whew . angry hen watch dag 's escape from they shattered doorway . old hen good riddance . ext . farmyard -— continuous dag race along the rail with General Lee run below , snarling jaw open to reveal a mouth full of tooth and drool . the turnip truck be pull out of the gate as dag run down the fence ... and leap off ! he land on turnip , which roll out from under he . dag slip -- slide -- almost tumble off . but he curl he claw around a truckbed rail and hang on for dear life as General Lee gallop through the gate , keep pace . the dog launch himself into the air , lung at the tailgate ... dag cringe as the dog torpedoe at he ... then drop . dust illow as Lee hit the ground . miss it by that much . J settles he tailfeather into the truckload of turnip , watch the farm and furious General Lee shrink away . mack ( v.o. ) and so we hero make the epic journe from rural heartland to sin-soaked city . a jazzy version of '' ( get you kick on ) Route 66 '' play as we dissolve to : dag ’‘s road - trip montage - bucolic heartland pasture pass by as a superimposed road map chart the truck 's progress with a dot line ... rural road sign become highway marker : Route 66 , US 10 forest and lakefront give way to suburban sprawl as ... that dotted line near a big CITY on the map . mack ( cont 'd he 's a little fuzzy on the detail , since he be travel by day ... on the truck bed -- where dag doze on turnip , snoring . mack ( cont ' D ) - so he pretty much sleep through the whole trip . pull back to reveal the truck be now crawl in four lane of heavy traffic on ... ext . brooklynesque bridge - afternoon until the truck be just one of a thousand colorful speck crossing the water into the big CITY skyline . 13 . ext . farmer' market -— afternoon on dag - jolted awake as the truck stop . his eye open ... dag be Pov - CITY skyscraper soar into the sky . dag blink , look again . the skyscraper grow even taller . suddenly the truck rattle as the driver open the tailgate to unload . dag squawks and leap onto the street ... where he 's nearly creamed by car tire speed past . he retreat under the truck ... and emerge on the other side . sigh with relief -- then squawks as he 's nearly trample by sidewalk pedestrian . he scurries one way to avoid rushing feet -- then jump the other way as a bicycle whizze by . he dive for safety .. ext . a alley - continuous dag crouch by a trashcan , breathe hard as he gape at all the people and traffic barrel past . he do not see the head rise out of the trash above he -- black mask around beady eye -- meet cooney the raccoon . cooney well well well , what we have we here , poss ? -.- poss ? next to he in the trashcan doze a possum -- he partner in crime poss , the smaller and , at this hour , sleepier of the pair . they partnership be a penn—and - teller affair , with cooney do all the talk . ) cooney nudge poss awake . cooney ( cont 'd ) think this boy 's new in town ? ( call down to dag ) need some help , son ? dag look around -- where 's that voice come from ? he 's startle as cooney leap from the can and land beside he . cooney ( cont 'd ) I bet you mama tell you not to talk to stranger , so let 's be stranger no more . I be cooney , and this be my partner , poss . poss land on the other side , again catch dag off - guard . dag hey ! hi ... I be dag. ( off poss 's mute reaction ) do not talk much , do he ? cooney Silent partner . dag could you tell I how to get to birdland ? cooney and poss trade a look -- can not resist the set-up . 14 . cooney practice ! practice ! ( laugh , then ) I could tell you be a musician . dag you could ? I be ? see , it 's my first time in the city ... cooney no kiddin’ . Fresh off the farm , no experience , you will get yourself in big trouble without expert professional to steer you career . lucky you find we . he nudge poss , who hand dag a business card . dag read : dag '' cooney & poss , scavenge and hauling ? '' cooney snatch the card away , as poss hand dag another . dag ( cont 'd ) '' cooney & poss , pest Control ! '' cooney grab poss 's handful of business card , fan through they till he find the one he want . hand it to dag ... dag ( cont ’d ) '' cooney & poss , artist management . '' shoot , I be no artist . cooney we will be the judge of that . show we what you get -- sing , dance , whatever you do . dag oh , I just crow a little ... cooney and poss feign eagerness . bashful , dag clear he throat ... squeak ... settles ... and start to crow . dag ( cont 'd ) brakakaw , brakakaw , brakakeeeee ... baby ! brakakaw brakakaw ... on a window ledge high above , mack the mockingbird be adjust he tie in the window 's reflection , sing : mack listen to the mockingbird , oh that crazy mockingbird ... he stop as he hear dag crow below . bop to the beat -- hey , not bad . he look for the source of the sound ... back to scene -- as dag finish big . dag brakak , brakeek , babop-dop - deep dra-kow ! cooney whoa , dig that crazy sound . you get a lotta talent . but not a lotta know - how , nachaur Van naad a anand mananar 15 . cooney start to rub dag 's shoulder with he paw ... as he talk , cooney siyly lift a corner of dag 's leave win poss reach underneat ! poke around for a pocket to pic cooney ( cont 'd ) we will make sure ya meet the right bird . get the best gig ... poss shake he head , nothing . so cooney lift the right wing while poss poke . - cooney ( cont 'd ) and above_all , make sure nobody exploit you . really , " thirty percent 's a small price to pay . dag thirty percent of what ?... hey ! dag 's catch poss in the act . cooney scramble to cover ... cooney he 's pest check you measurement , you will need some new outfit . first we jet you a stylist , some good picture , I now some guy , I will get you a deal . then we will get you a personal trainer ... ( off dag 's reaction ) you be no spring chicken , bubbe , that drumstick need definition . all at minimal cost , a small investment in you future , how much money do you have , anyway , and where do you keep it ? actually , be aeinda leave home in a hurry today . I do not bring any cash . cooney and poss trade look -- and change mood . cooney flexe he claw , grab dag by the shoulder . cooney listen , 2° , rube , this be the City , you wanna make it here , it cost money . now be you gonna help we help you ? or do we have to shake it outta you ? cooney shove frighten dag against a wall . then ... the raccoon 's expression change from menace to pain . cooney ( cont 'd ) yow ! reveal mockingbird mack have land squarely on cooney 's head , grab a furry ear in each claw . mack geagney ) you dirty overgrown furry rat -- let he go , or the ear come off . ( dig in ; pacino / scarface ) I all rip they off and shove they up you nose , say goo ’bye to you leetle yeriend ! 16 . cooney yaaaaaaa , get off I ! he release dag. scare poss or die onto he back , play ossum . as cooney escape grab poss 's tail and drag im along , racing out of the al ey . mack look dag over ... mack New in town , kid ? dag how ’dja know ? mack lucky guess . just fall off the turnip truck , huh ? dag no ! ... I jump off . mack yeah ? what 's you name , kid ? dag dagnabbit shuddup . mack hey , shuddup yourself , I be just ask ! dag that 's my name , dagnabbit shuddup . that 's what the farmer call I , anyway . mack hunh . how 's about I call you dag ? ( extend a wing ) | mack the mock , stand - up comic and stand - up bird , at you service . dag wow . you be in show biz ? mack do not tell I -- just where you wanna be . AG I never really think about it till Mr. cooney say .. mack yeah well , forget anything that con - artist tell ya . dag I suspect he be not quite on the level . mack what tip you off ? the burglar 's mask ? the prison-stripe ? or when he try to mug ya ? listen , kid , this town 's full of guy like cooney , happy to take all the lough while you do a the work . you get a sweet souni kid , but you need some street - — smart , stat . you get a job yet ? maybe I can help . follow I ! 17 . he spread he wing and take off . dag watch he go . after a beat ... mack return . mack ( cont 'd ) what 's samatter ? dag can not fly . mack oh yeah , rooster , right , I know that . okay , I 'il go slow so you can keep up . hey , you know how to get to birdland ? dag «.. practice ? mack Heard that one , hunh ? come on ... as mack take off , dag double - take ... dag birdland ? we be go to birdland ? and he race out of the alley ... ext . CITY street - montage - twilight dag ’'s Pov - a hundre payr of legs , tower above and clomping past he as he navigate the city sidewalk . dag escape the crunch to hug a wall -- scan the sky ... perched on a streetlight , mack wave at dag , fly on . dag dodge a oncoming cyclist -- land in the path of a skateboarder , who swerve in the nick of time . dag spin as the skateboard whizze by ... to find himself face - to- face with ... a pack of slobbering , growling dog . dag brakkkk ! he turn and run . the dog yap and charge after he . luckily they be on all leash hold by a hapless dogwalker ... dogwalker heel ! heel ! heel ! from a telephone wire , mack see the dogwalker drag by he dog as dag make he escape . mack hey dag ! grab a cab ! dag spread he wing and take a fly leap onto the a park car -- and from there a pass yellow cab . splat ! from the cabbie 's Pov -- as dag land and immediately get flatten across the windshield , wing oustretch . cabbie hey ! move ya stupid bird ... 18 . dag try to smile at the cabbie -- until the windshield wiper start up , whipping he back and forth across the windshield . he scramble to climb up to ... the roof of the cab -- where he almost tumble off -- but curl he claw around the '' taxi '' sign and hang on . mack Pov - dag perches atop the cab , riding through heavy traffic up a street that look a lot like Broadway . as the cab stop at a light , we swoop down , circle above dag ... mack take a right ! dag eye the crossing traffic , take a run leap into a truck . go in the wrong direction . mack ( cont 'd ) you other right ! this way ! Dog reconnoiter , jump onto a car head the other way , dig he claw into the canvas top . he search the sky for mack . mack ( cont 'd ) right behind ya . dag yelp , surprised . mack have land on the car top . mack ( cont 'd ) we get off at this next ... the car hit an_ intersection and squeal to a stop -- send we heroes tumble off . ext . STREET - twilight dag and mack land hard , roll on the pavement . luckily they be stop . : '' wham ! wham ! by the trunk of a enormous tree . as they struggle to they foot , dag look up to see .. gothic cathedral tower ( think St. Patrick 's ) soar above . dag we be go to church ? mack quite the contrary . he tap on the massive tree - trunk with he beak . a speakeasy - style peephole open . glint eye and a gruff voice : voice ( 0.s. ) yeah ? oh , hiya mack . a door open in the trunk , revealing the Club bouncer inside -- cocky cacciatore , a burly , grey rooster . mack dag , meet cocky cacciatore . the cocky cacciatore . dag yeah ? wow. 19 . cocky he never hear of I . dag sure I have . ( off cocky 's stare ) no I have not . mack he be World cockfight champ five year run be al cocky '' be '' be the key word . can not expect kid to know ancient history . hiya , dag . they shake wing . mack and dag step inside . cocky stick he head out , yell upward cocky ( cont 'd ) okay , fella . pan up to reveal four big , burly nighthawks perch on branch above -- each harness to a rope that pass into the tree and down to the elevator . the hawk flap and take off in four direction ... pull the elevator up . int . elevator as it rise , cocky study dag . cocky kinda past you bedtime , be not it ? mack think we get a nightbird here , like you . cocky yeah ? happy to welcome another freak of nature . you come to the right place kid . music begin as the elevator stop . Doors open to reveal ... int . treetop lounge - twilight dag gape like dorothy in Oz as he enter birdland , even more spectacular than its postcard . on the gargoyle - frame stage , a_chorus line of nightingale rehearse as the crow bar ban play and a fey jaybird ( busby birdly ) direct . nightingale nightbirds ! you come to the right bird , this place will ignite , bird , when we get hot ! and we get hot a lot ... artie caw callin 's all nightbird , all you blackbird and white bird -- wanna hit a new height , bird ? this be the spot ! eying dag , busby sing along with the chorus ... 20 . busby & nightingale you feel blue , bird ? lose all you spark ? cheer _up , boy , and come enjoy some laughter after dark ! mack smile fondly as he mutter to dag : mack he 's a scream jaybird , but he put on a helluva show . dag be in jazz heaven , chicken - dance along to the band ... dag man , they be great ! I can not wait to play with they . mack hunh ? aw , no , kid , you be not workin with the band , you be gonna be a busbird . dag ( try to hide disappointment ) oh ! well that 's good too . I mean , I 'il still be kinda showbiz ... adjacent . dissolve to : dag - now wear a red busbird 's jacket , as mack finish tie dag 's bowtie . reveal we be in ... int . birdland kitchen dag stand at the end of a line of waiter and busbird as the nighthawk maitre d' inspect he staff , sing : maitre d' another busy night , bird ! so do not get uptight , bird -- no fight and no flight , bird -- stay on you toe ! the waiter do a quick tap -break , twirling they trays . dag join in clumsily , follow they lead . maitre d' ( cont 'd ) the customer 's always right , bird ! so keep it polite , bird , and see that tonight , bird , everything flow ! the waiter perform a balletic routine , assing they trays down the line ... to dag , who end up hold the whole stack . dissolve to : dag - later - navigate with he tray through a packed house -- drunken loons , cuddle lovebird , gull in sailor hat and macho nighthawks chirp up nightingale and dove . the Club 's open , and it 's hopping . as dag clear plate ... dag who know there be so many ... nightbirds ? 21 . dag ( cont 'd . there pi '' just . a- light -bite bird ... 's up big bowl ) and £ 5 appetite bird ! he check out the enormous pigeon who polished off the bowl . dag ( cont 'd ) he give new meaning to eat-like - a-bird . he move to another table , where dandify , drunken loons laugh as they drop empty on he tray . dag ( cont 'd ) I see high - as-a- kite bird ... move to another table , where a party of hummingbird lie across the tabletop , claw up , deeply asleep . dag ( cont 'd ) and out - like -a-light bird ... speak ) can not old they nectar . ( grin , , sing ) and all of ‘em nightbird , just like I ! on the stage - as the chorusbird sing : nightingale it 's time to stay . up late , bird -- so bring a hot date , bird , or hunt for a mate , bird , right here and now ! on mack - now cuddle up to a matronly owl in the front row . mack hey , I find she ! wow ! nightingale no reason to wait , bird , so do not hesitate , bird -- there 's gaggle of great bird right here , and how ! mack join artie and the band for a splashy finale , as the chorusbird do a g-rate '' fan dance '' with peacock feather . mack yeah , only the prefer land here -- in -- birdland ! they bring they fan together ... then cascade they apart to reveal a real peacock , taller than anyone else on stage , he spread he regal tail as a dazzle backdrop for the finish . everybody come fly with the -- nightbirds ! here we be allow to be nightbird ! on dag , in back , wow by the show and sing softly along . dag and we be proud to be niahtbird ! 22 . mack what a crowd ! yeah -- everybody nightbirds be the right bird to be ! the crowd whistle , crow and clap there wing as the curtain fall as mack take the mic : mack thanks everybody we be gonna take a little brea ! but stick to you perches , we get two more show ! dissolve to : dag - still dreamy - eye as mack approach ... mack ( cont ’d so ya like the show , kid ? stupid peacock keep miss he cue , there 's a guy get hire for he look . suddenly mack stiffen at the sight of paulie cracker and Red -- the parrot and rooster we see with cap 's n pluckett . mack and paulie glare , feather ruffling . ey know each other . and do not like what they know . mack ( cont 'd ) well , look what the cat drag in . paulie ( '' hello Jerry '' ) hello ... mack . mack ( " hello Newman '' ) hello ... paulie . dag , paulie cracker . he use to be in showbiz , but he could not make it . there 's just one Bird of a thousand voice . he 's only get twelve . paulie Joe pesci ) I do not like showbiz . because I be not a clown . do I look like a clown to you ? mack honest answer ? paulie showbiz be for clown . I be manage fighter now . like the champ here . mack good for you . come on , dag , time to meet the boss . as he pull dag away , mack point upwards -- through the leafy canopy -- to the church tower soar into the night . CUT to : a upside - down Pov of mack mack dag , this be mister '' bat '' Amore . 23 . dag ( gasp for breath ) it 's ... a... pleasure ... int . belfry tower - night - continuous '' bat '' amore -- yes , he 's a bat , in formalwear -- drop from the rafter he 's hang from , flip upright to look dag over . mack he have to take the stair . rooster , they can not fly , you know . bat amore yeah , I know . and another thing the can not do ? they can not stay awake ! the last one sleep all night . mack this kid 's a nightbird like cocky . he 's a real dynamo ... normally . dag ( still panting ) you gotta ... lotta ... stair . bat amore johnny ! get he some water . johnny guano , a brawny , brainless bat , fill a glass from a rainspout -- and splashes it in dag 's face . bat amore ( cont ’d ) to drink , you idiot . dag that 's okay ... feel good . bat amore my associate , johnny guano . and you be ? dag dagnabbit shuddup . bat .- dagnabbit , what do you say to I ? mack ( hasten to intervene ) his name be shuddup , long story , Mr. a , with which we will not bore you , call he dag . give he a try -out , hunh ? bat show I what you get tonight . then we will talk turkey . johnny hey , that 's good boss . talkin 's turkey to a chicken . bat you know about '' three strike you be out ? '' here you only get one . johnny -- give the kid a ride down . 24 . int . belfry tower johnny glide down on outstretch wing past wind stair , hold nervous dag in he claw . as they hit bottom ... johnny watch you step rooster . ( then , guffaw ) get it ? you '' step , '' ' cuz you can not ... dag ' cuz I can not fly , yessir , funny . with a whoosh of wing , johnny circle back up to the shadow as mack fly down , land by dag . mack hey , be careful with this guy . you know why they call Mr. Amore , '' bat ? '' dag -..’ cuz he 's a bat ? mack because he 's bat-poop insane . so from now on ? let I do the talk . you just keep you eye open and you beak shut . dag nod eagerly -- eye wide open , beak tightly shut . int . treetop lounge - night - later a snack bird pass with a trayful of stiffened worm , hawk she ware like a cigarette girl in a human club . snack bird centipede ... millipede ... worm ... centipede ... millipede ... worm ... bat over here , sweetheart . bat and johnny now occupy a_ leafy booth overlook the club . bat pluck a big millipede from the snack Bird 's tray -- bite off the head and spit it out like a cigar tip -- and start nibble . he flip a coin onto the tray . another part of the club - dag maneuver through the crowd with a full tray . he hear a fanfare , look to the stage ... mack my friend , get ready for a trip to the moon on the gossamer wing and the silken voice of miss -- flo -- nightingale ! the curtain part to reveal flo nightingale in all she glittery glory . pack into sequin , she 's one hot chick . the band play a intro , she open she beak to sing , and ... crash ! the band stop . flora stop . all eye turn to ... dumbfound dag , who have drop he tray . 25 . everyone react -- customer laugh and hoot ... bat and johnny narrow they beady eye ... flo stare ... then smile . flo now that 's what I call a reaction . ( crowd laughter ) one more time , boy . ( to dag ) and honey ? easy on the percussion . dag stare at the stage , goofy - beak and dreamy - eye . the Band strike up the fanfare again . flo sing : '' never try to clip my wing '' flo ( cont 'd ) shy ? me? ( sultry laugh ) try I . but once we be do , let 's turn the page -- when we time 's fly by , then I gotta fly ... ' Cause this bird do not sing in a cage ! you can date I , you can hate I , just do not incarcerate I . keep adorin ' I tilt you be borin 's I , just never lock the door on I . you can woo I , pursue I , do ooh , so many thing , but never try to clip my wing . flo slither offstage into the front row , where she sing to admire nightbird -- a tipsy loon , a tough - guy nighthawk . flo ( cont 'd ) ' mar lover , not a fighter , ' mar kisser , not a biter , '' a lovebird just as long I be free ! hold I lightly , not too tightly -- maybe every other nightly ? and onew I how ya tove to fight for I ! oken ) take ( spe artie ... bahn the band swing into its musical break . as artie start wail he clarinet solo ... dag start to bop with the music . with the full tray hold in he wing , he shut he eye , sway , step , spin ... and bump b indly into the snack chick , who tumble into a table of drunken loons -- who laugh as worm fly everywhere . mack roll he eye , hurry to control dag ... too late . as the music soar , dag 's throat puff ... he wattle wobble ... and he let loose he own jazzy crow . dag ek-ek-ek-ek-ek-arooooo! possess by the music , he hurl he tray into the air ... 26 . mack race to catch the tray -- then use it to catch the glass tumble through the air . artie blast he clarinet to drow dag out ... but dag just blast right back : dag ( cont ’d ) erkaroo-erkaroo-erkarooo-ak ! mack catch a bowl on he head -- and miss the last glass , which crash to the floor . the music stop . artie have stop play to stare at dag. bat and johnny be stare , too . so be all the customer . dag 's oblivious as he blissfully crow . eye close , he do not notice mack tug he wing . so mack stick he beak straight into dag 's ear ... mack dagnabbit shuddup ! dag 's eye open . his beak close . see everyone stare ... artie caw May we continue ? a-one-two - three and ... the music crank up as johnny approach angrily . mack what can I say , the kid like music . johnny guano yeah ? he screw up again , you be both gonna be hearing angel music . mack look to see if dag get the message ... but the rooster 's stare dreamily at the stage as ... flo return to the mic . she wink at dag as she sing : flo you can kiss I , or diss I , or buy I diamond ring , but never try to clip my wing ! ( big finish ) you can grip I , unzip I , and do not be reluctant to tip I ! but never -- ever -- clip my wing . the crowd go wild . flo take she bow ... mack corner dag , beak - to - beak . mack what have I tell ya ? eye open , beak shut . and what do you do ? shut you eye and open you stupid beak ! I oughta ... 27 . red ( 0.s. ) hey baby , I ‘’1l1 unzip ya ! mack and dag look to see ... Red , the hulk | rooster who come in with paulie , now lurch drunkenly from he ringside seat to the stage ... red ( cont 'd ) I 'o 1ll unzip ya and tip ya , how about that ? flo okay , hon , I be not sing just to you . flo try to exit gracefully , but the rooster grab she . on mack - seethe . mack I 'o 1ll handle this , dag . dag ? dag 's already go . mack react to squeal and crash ... --.as dag leap from one table to another , charge straight for the stage . Red barely have time to react ... rooster what the ...? ...- before dag barrel into he . feather fly and the rooster roll straight into the bandstand . artie and the crow squawk and take flight as dag and Red smash into the drum set . dag 's head plunge through the bass drum . Red sit up fast -- and clang he head against the cymbal . pop ! dag pull he head out of the drum . rooster ( cont ’d ) hey ! you know who I be ? dag yeah you be the guy who be just leave . dag grab Red by he wing -- hoist he to he foot -- and hurl he off the stage onto a table . food and drink go fly . so do the loons who be sit there . the table 's at the end of a branch -- it bounce as Red land . dag jump from the stage to the table -- bend the branch down further . as he land briefly ... dag ( cont ’d ) and stay out ! dag jump off . the branch snap back up , catapult Red into the air . everyone in the club watch Red rise up , up , up ... crunch . Red slam against a overhange buttress . everyone watch he tumble down , down to the street below . mack smile at paulie .. mack so much for you chump , sorry , champ . 28 . paulie fix mack with a beady , malevolent guare . - then spread he wing and dive to help he fall champion . camera -len Pov - long shot of the chaos in the club . the camera Iris adjust and zoom in on dag ... reverse shot - of a hole in the trunk of the birdland tree , high above the club floor -- the penthouse . two orange eye glow within the darkness , irise tightening to focus on dag . back to scene : artie and the crow put the bandstand back together . flo and mack support dag as bat and johnny approach . johnny okay , that 's it , you be outta here . flo they be just try to help . which be more than some bat I know . johnny mind you manners , you be talk to a mamma 's flo yeah , well , I do not see any mighty mammal racing to my rescue . ( to dag ) thanks , honey , be you okay ? bat amore not for long he 's not . ( move in on dag ) that guy you just bounce ... johnny guano '' bounced , '' that 's good , boss ... bat amore do you know who he be ? dag no sir , funny , he ask I the same thing , not even he know who he be . bat amore he 's ready Red o’reilly , the rhode Island redneck , the world bantamweight cock - fight champ , that 's who ! dag well , sir , I could not have . ( delay reaction ) | the world - which what - fight who now ? bat amore too complicated for you ? how 's this ? you be fire . heave -ho . dag be devastate . flo and mack hold they beak as johnny grab dag and spread he wing to carry he out . 29 . voice heave whoooocc-hooo ? everyone 's startle by the appearance of ... don owleone - owner of the bright orange eye , a old , brandoesque owl , soft -spoken and hard - nose . don owleone no heave - ho without my say-so. ( stare at dag ) tell I , my cocky young hothead , just whoo - hoo do you think you be ? dag dagnabbit shud ... mack ( intervene ) his name be dag , sir , dagy meet Don owleone . a-k-a the god-feather . music under - as artie and the crow play a plaintive italian ballad to underscore the Don 's scene . don owleone that be a very gutsy display , dag , knock out the bantamweight champ . you be a impressive young hooooligan . dag oh I just get lucky , sir . most rooster get pretty dopey this time of night . don owleone but not you . you be a natural nightbird , be n’tcha ? roohooster like you be rare . have you ever fight professionally ? dag gockfight ? I ? oh , no , sir . I be just ... well , like miss flo sing , '' I ’ma over , not a fighter . '' ; don owleone miss flo , hmm ? johnny if the Don want you to fight , you ’l1l fight . don owleone who -hoo ask you ? you hear the bird . can not make he fly against he nature . dag especially when he can not fly . don owleone I like you , rooster . tell I , can I help you in any way ? dag I be just happy to be here , sir . of course , I would love to work with the band . 30 . don owleone i’‘ 1ll' talk to artie . and perhaps one day I will ask a favor in return . as the old owl turn from dag , he murmur to bat ... don owleone ( cont 'd ) there 's more than one way to pluck a chicken . ext . HOTEL broadway - dawn a vertical neon sign blink '' HOTEL '' . in the channel between the side , nest - box rise up like japanese hotel - cubicle . in the lowest '' room , '' we friend Homer be waking up . he waddle to the open front of he cubicle -- turn fis tailfeather to we , squat over the edge . as we pan up away from the pigeon go potty , we hear ... pedestrian below ( 0.s . ) hey ! yuck . we rise past other resident -- pigeon waking up -- nightingale gargle on she way to bed -- two lovebird cuddle and coo -- and finally , at the top ... dag lie in he cubicle , listen . the morning bird chirp . siren blare . traffic build . he stare over the waking city , toward the farm he leave behind . garish neon flash across he face . alone for the first time , dag look scared . he pull a postcard from beneath he pillow , start write . dag ( v.0 . ) dear penny -- well , I get work ! at birdland ! it 's bean some no ht , but penny , you be gonna love it eré ... CUT to : the same scene , upside down reveal johnny guano hang from a nearby tree branch , watch Da he squint in the rise sunlight , pulis sunglass rom beneath he wing and put they on . johnny 's Pov - of dag , now shade in night-vision green . int . dag 's room - moment later Homer take dag 's postcard , put it in he bag . homer okay , I 'il get it to she pronto . and make sure she get to you . dag thanks , Homer . homer dude , we be all in the same flock , right ? he spread he wing and take off . 31 . ext . above the CITY - early morning Homer soar above the skyscraper ... dag ( v.0 . ) the city 's like nothing you ever see . I can not wait for you to get here . ext . farmland pasture - day Homer fly above a pastoral landscape . he squint , puzzle . homer' Pov - dag 's farm be now surround by barbed - wire fencing . Signs warn : keep out ... under construction ... pluckettas poultry be expanding ! Flying lower , Homer see ... the Farmer and he wife load furniture and box load on they rickety truck ... while pluckett watch from he big car , smile as two of he men load cage onto another truck . Homer head in for a landing ... ext . the farm - day the cage on the truck be full of hen ... include penny . penny Homer ? Homer ! homer hey penny -- special delivery . he pass postcard through the bar . she pass one back . penny thank goodness , can you get this to dag ? they lose the farm ! they be leave . and they be leave we ... to he . she gesture up to the billboard above , where the giant cap 'o endlessly chew he giant drumstick . homer no ! we gotta get you outta here ! Homer start to peck at the cage latch . then ... blam ! he yelp and flap wildly as a bullet just miss he . pluckett 's man scat , ya dang air-rat ! the man hold a smoking rifle . he shoot again ... blam ! Homer leap into the air as the bullet whizze beneath he . with pluckett 's other man in the driver 's seat , the truck revs to life and start to move . Homer flap above ... homer . do not worry , I will get dag ... ( blam ! yow ! we will get you out ! blam ! Homer soar skyward ... as the gunman climb aboard the truck ... and the truck head out the gate . penny hurey unmartl wnrrvt 32 . ext . HOTEL broadway - late afternoon Homer land atop the sign , hop into dag 's cubicle . homer dag ? hey , dag ... he notice a leathery black blanket spread over dag 's nest . homer ( cont 'd ) Love what you have do with the place , sort of a cowboy goth vibe . dag ? he do not see the '' bedspread '' start to enfold he -- as johnny guano sit up , wrapping he wing around Homer . johnny guano he be not here . get call to work early . where ya be , pigeon ? he grin -- expose that shiny fang . Homer gulp . ext. / int . treetop lounge - late afternoon the crow bar Band member be gather , swilling coffee and warming up on they instrument , as dag approach . artie caw well if it be not mister steal the show . meet the other crow , that 's Russell on drum -- Cheryl on keyboard -- and the Old crow himself on bass . Russell and Cheryl wave . the Old crow lift a pint flask in toast , swig some down . artie caw ( cont 'd ) the management tell I you be work for we . but let 's get clear here , you be at the bottom of the peck order , dig ? ( illustrate on piano ) here / 's I . = h ay hi note then 810 ° grow ) ( lower note ) then Cheryl , then Russell ... ( the lowest note of all ) then you . get it ? ( off dag 's nod ) you just_get what we need , sit in on rehearsals and one gay maybe -- maybe we will let you jam with we . gotta work you way up . ya start out shovelin’ elephant poop -- but then one day -- you be the elephant . you dig , dag ? ( then , gently ) I hear you out there , you get a gift . but you gotta learn to give back . you wanna play jazz , you gotta be a team player . nightbirds look out for each other . so just pay attention , dig ? but dag 's distract by the arrival of ... flo . even without spandex and spangle , she look good . maybe better . 33. artie caw ( cont 'd ) +.. dag ? you dig ? dag hmm ? oh yessir , pay attention , I dig . flo hi , boy , Cheryl ! hey , my hero ! never catch you name . dag uspeechiss with infatuation ) d-d-duh . d-d-duh .. artie caw dag , meet flo , flo , dag . flo Nice to know ya , dag . dag my p-p-puh . my p-puh-puh . flo mine too . thanks for put that big cock -a- doofus in he place . artie & crow yeah , he flat -on-his -face place ! he have it come ! I be gonna take he out myself , but you beat I to the punch ! dag bask in good fellowship . flo peck he on the cheek . he blushes through he feather , as the crow caw raucously . flo aaah , they do not know squat about how to treat a lady . chivalry be dead in this dump before you show up . so thank you , my nightbird in shine feather . you ever wanna go out after the show some time , I will elaborate on my gratitude . with a last , devastating wink at dumbstruck dag , she 's off to the dress room . the crow be still caw ... artie caw okay , settle down , cat . dag , you pay attention and work hard , and we will al make some crazy music together . dag work hard , yessir , I will . ( still gaze after flo ) mister caw ? could I get tonight off ? the crow grin and caw good - naturedly . int . belfry tower - night upside -down shot of sweat Homer finish story . 34 . homer -..and I say I have tell dag and we would save she but if she 's head for pluckett 's I figure she 's probably pluck already and that 's all I know I swear please do not hurt I I get kid to feed ! reveal this time the bat be upright -- it 's Homer who 's upside - down , strung up with the strap of he own mailbag . bat amore you do not have any kid . homer ... I know some kid . bat amore okay , let he go , johnny . disappointed , johnny unstrap Homer who thud to the floor . bat read from the end of penny 's letter ... bat amore ( cont ’d ) '' dag --_come back ! need you help ! '' ( malevolent inspiration ) hunh . johnny -- think you can forge this chicken-scratch ? johnny guano sure , boss . bat amore let 's put a '' do not '' here ... and one here ... and we will add a nice p.s. off Homer , helplessly watch the bat hatch they scheme . int . flo's dressing room as dag knock and enter ... dag miss nightingale ? flo dag ? over here . and call I flo . dag look toward a dressing screen ... just as a dress flip over the top . he gulp . dag oh , I can come back later ... flo relax , honey , I 'il be right out . a slip flip over the screen . dag try to stay cool . next ... a bra . dag 's feather ruffle . flo ( cont ’d ) didja come to make that date ? flo emerge in a kimono- style robe . dag exhales loudly . 35 . dag oh , miss -- flo , believe I , I have love to , but ... I get a girl back home . flo but she 's back home , right ? and I be right here . dag you sure be . but I be kind of a one -hen rooster . flo retreat , regards he with a new eye . flo Fresh off the farm , be n’tcha ? you be adorable . dag thanks , miss -- flo. you , too . homer ( 0.s. ) dag ? you back here ? ( appear in doorway ) oops , be I interrupt something ? flo sadly , no . homer dag -- we gotta talk . sound urgent . flo watch dag exit with Homer . bluesy music up : '' new bird in town . '' flo New bird in town , Dumb as a tourist , Green as the purest cornball corn ... New bird in town , Fresh as a farmyard morn ... ext . cathedral - dusk Homer and dag perch beneath a gargoyle . dag look devastate as he read penny 's postcard - Homer avoid he pal 's eye -- he 's a bad liar and feel awful about deceive dag . dag '' do not come back . do not need you help . ps - I will be safe at pluckett 's . a nice rooster name Red have take I under he wing . '' homer wow , that be fast . dag do you talk to she ? homer no , well , yeah , I mean , not for long , she just say , um , '' tell dag I be sorry . '' 36 . dag yeah . I too . as dag turn away , Homer almost collapse with the effort of lie . suddenly ... dag leap off the ledge . homer no , do not , she 's not worth ... it . Homer see dag have land on another gargoyle right below . dag I just need some alone time . and he hop to a lower gargoyle ... then a lower one ... on he way to the street below . ext . the STREET below - twilight music montage - as flo sing '' New Bird in town '' , we see dag and penny , lonely and abandon in they new home . flo ( v.0 . ) New bird in town , leave on he only , so lose and lonely at every turn ... CITY street - dag waddle past a movie theatre , look up at the poster , a wedding scene -- the groom have he arm around the bride -- and the bride have she arm around the best man : '' three 's a crowd ! '' dag move on , nearly get cream by ... thunk -- a pile of tabloid newspaper landing in front of a newsstand . dag blink at the headline : '' jenna catch BRETT cheating ! '' he hurry on . flo ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) New bird in town , he 's get a lot to learn . at pluckett 's - penny 's in she cage as the truck pull into a loading dock . she look up at the tower wall of cage rise on every side , like a maximum - security prison . in the CITY - dag avoid pedestrian feet as he slog through a busy intersection much like Times Square . above he , brightly - light billboard blare they ad : for mouthwash -- '' can not get the girl ? get freshex ! '' ( dag cup a wingtip around he beak , sniff he breath . ) for cologne -- '' she will never tell -- but maybe you smell . '' ( dag lift a wing , sniff a pit . ) for jewel : '' if you do not treat her right someone else will . '' dag sag , move on ... flo ( cont'd so far from what you know so far from love so true , so far from you old ' hood , and so far , kid , not so good ... at pluckett 's — grinding machinery crank up . penny ( $ 0 squawks as pluckett 's man lift she cage and hanas it on a ho 37 . it swing and sway , toss penny back and forth , as it lift she cage up , up , up to join the other prisoner . in the CITY , dag perches on a railing watch happy hour human go in and out of a bar . he see a_ gentle tug - of - war , as two guy argue over who 's fake a a girl home . the girl reject one , head off with the other the loser stand helplessly as couple swarm around he . dag blink away a tear . he know how the guy feel . then .. thunder rumble -- and rain start fall . the two lonely heart , rooster and human , be drench . at pluckett 's , penny 's cage drop with a clang into a space between other cage . she peer through the shadow at she prison -mate -- rag rooster , hopeless hen , dead chicken walk . the huge metal door drop -- plunging penny and the prisoner into darkness . music carry over as we dissolve to : int . don owleone 's penthouse - night a shadowy tree -chamber reminiscent of the godfather 's gloomy tahoe spread . cockfight poster and celebrity - bird photo hang on the wall . owleone sing to bat , johnny and flo . don owleone New bird in town , innocent creature ... he need a teacher , Gentle but stern ... flo realize he mean she . she shake she head , '' forget it , '' and back away ... into bat and johnny . bat / johnny do not let we down , he 's get so much to learn . owleone whooo know , the city 's nitty - gritty might start lookin’ pretty ... whooo know , he may discover he 's a fighter , not a lover . flo aw , leave the kid alone . owleone swiftly wrap a claw around flo 's neck . don owleone do not tell I what to do -hoo ! now here 's the scoo-hoop . the title bout be come up at pluckett 's place , and he boy Red have be a shoo-hoo - in . til last night , when I see we boy shoo-hoo the shoo - in out . I see a chance to take the title from pluckett at last . lot of money to be make , flo . we can all dip we beak . ( release flo , sing ) New bird in town -- New champ emerge ! with the right urging ... ( to flo ) that 's you concern . 38 . owleone / bat / johnny New bird in town , we get a lot to ... earn . int . treetop lounge - night mack anxiously check he watch as the staffbirds prep to open . he hear the elevator door open ... drenched , raggedy dag step out . mack hurry to meet he ... mack where ya be , you be late .. dag just a minute , mack . he strut past with unusual determination , as mack follow . int . flo's dressing room flo 's at she mirror make up as dag knock and enter ... dag miss , um , flo ? be that offer still open ? flo how 's tonight ? flo smile , stand , run she wing through dag 's comb , give he a linger kiss on the chee mack watch from the doorway with mix reaction -- surprise , worry , jealousy . mostly jealousy . mack ( v.o. ) you ask I , you two need a chaperone . int . locker room - later that night dag change from he busboy jacket into a tux . mack pace . dag aw no , she 's safe with I . mack it 's not she I be worried about . think you be a one-hen rooster . dag well , one at a time . mack ( hand he a comb ) better comb that comb . you sure you know what you be get into , kid ? a date with 26 be not cheap , how be you gonna -- dag I think maybe you could float I a loan till payday ? '' I be good for it . mack sigh , pull out he wallet . as he hand dag money : 39 . mack sure , kid , but be she good for you ? dag whatsamatter , mack , you jealous ? mack me? jealous ? of who ? me? come on ! flo ready , dag ? flo 's at the door , radiant in clingy gown . dag and mack gulp . int . elevator cocky 's riding dag and flo to ground level . flo all the way down , cocky . ( to dag ) I be gonna show you a side of the city not many daybird get to see . the underside . cocky pull a lever , open a trap door . dag and flo drop ... dag brkaaaaaaaaaaaa ..... ! int . sewer pipe flo and dag slide through the twist pipe ... int . sewer maintenance station and land -- boing -- ona big discard mattress in a dank cement chamber . nightbird flock everywhere , move to ... water-taxis bob on a glisten river of sewage -- a fake pirate ship , a fake egyptian barge , etc . the gondolier be costume rat , call to the nightclubber ... gondolier set sail for the Pirates Club ! take the ship of the Desert to the Oasis of the sewer ! nero 's Castle , right this way ! flo and dag board a boat shape like a tunnel - of - love swan . music up as they little boat sail into the darkness and we start a jazzy montage -- flo and dag 's big night out . int . sewer '' strip '' - night palm tree , skull - and -bone ) , reflect in the river of waste . dag gape , wide -ey , as the little swanboat bob along between row of neon column to '' neron castle '' ... flashing neon sign , bone , from the world above ( pyramid , in the bar - a cocktail bird serve drink in blossom - shape cup . flo say , give ita try : dag dip he beak ... make a yuk -face . flo laugh and suck she drink dry . in the casino - dag play roulette . he win ! as flo hug he , he slurp a drink -- get a taste for it . 40 . flo New bird in town , lucky beginner ... dag wow , I be a winner , money to_ burn ! ( speak ) let it ride . dag lose . as the stack of chip be rake away ... _. flo New bird in town , you get a lot to learn . in the arena - dag and flo sit ringside at the cockfight . ( unlike real fight cock , we animated rooster wear box glove on they wing , use they claw mostly for fancy footwork , ] ready Red o’reilly , the hulk rooster dag throw out of birdland , be handily cream a smaller rooster . flo cheer and shout , totally into it . dag cringe at first ... then start to air-box , wishing he could ko Red . in the lounge - flo and dag watch '' cooney & poss , magician '' - — - the raccoon 's saw he silent partner in half . a cocktail bird flit by , dag grab the drink from she tray . in the casino - dag lose . flo talk to the rat croupier -- who pick up a 's aking : —- tube nearby . a camera turn its eye on dag -- actual a periscope jerry - rig from tube and mirror . we follow the elaborate periscope up , up , up to ... don owleone 's penthouse - where the owl watch a reflect image of dag as bat talk into a speak tube . bat amore sure , he work for we , give he as much credit as he want . back in the casino - the croupier - Rat slide a new stack of chip to dag , who can not believe how generous everyone be . action blur into swirl of light and face as dag bet -- the wheel spin -- he lose -- " bet -- spin ... until the whole casino be spin along with the roulette wheel -- and in a flurry of feather , dag pass out . dissolve to : ext . CITY corner with diner - night straight out of the Hopper painting nighthawks at the diner . zoom in on the step lead up to the door -- tuck underneath they be another , much smaller diner . the name , '' nighthawks , '' be paint over the window . Inside a actual nighthawk man the grill as flo and dag perch at the counter . int . nighthawks diner - night dag guzzle coffee and water as he talk to flo . flo how ya feel , honey ? 41 . dag how much do I lose again ? no , do not tell I . I keep think I be gonna win it back . flo you and every bird in the house . I should have stop you sooner . dag oh , no , flo , I do not blame you . say , you would not want to maybe ... go out again ? flo sure. dag and again and again ? you wanna be my girlfriend ? flo whoa , boy , one date at a time . 1/11 be you '' girl Friday , '' how 's that ? dag that 's great , flo . you know , whatever tonight cost -- it be worth it . touched , flo give he a peck on the cheek . as we pull back from thé window into the surround night : flo ( v.0 . ) New bird in town ... you have get a lot to learn . fade to : int . elevator - next day dag 's coxcomb hang limply over he eye -- and the rest of he look pretty hungover , too , as he ride up with cocky . cocky Rough night , kid ? ( off dag 's 's '' shhh , '' whisper ) sorry . Rough night ? dag nod . cocky open the door , and dag step into ... nny and bat -- who shove he back onto the elevator . bat amore boss want a word with you . int . elevator / don owleoneas penthouse the elevator door open_to reveal Don owleone pin a mouse to the floor with one claw . mouse it be not I , I swear it be not I ! don owleone could you give we a moment , cocky ? 42 . cocky nod , close the door . a awkward beat as they all wait . dag react to blood - curdle mouse scream offstage . cocky and the bat stay deadpan . don owleone ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) okay , avanti ! cocky open the door . no sign of the mouse , but the owl be lick he claw . don owleone ( cont 'd ) have to be do . he be a squealer . ( then , to dag ) we meet again , my young friend . and in such a short time , you have run up a hooooo-huge debt . dag guess I get a little carry away . don owleone you spend like a drunken seagull . dag whatever I owe you , please , take it out of my salary . bat slide bead on a bird toy , use it as a abacus . bat amore it be not chicken - feed , chicky . let 's see , minimum wage timé maximom hour , carry the six , you will be all pay up in thirty - seven year . johnny guano what about the vig , boss ? bat amore oh , thank you , johnny , yeah , add the interest , that 'il be -- fifty - three year . how long do rooster live anyway ? johnny guano depend . on how quick they pay they debt . johnny grin , revealing gleaming fang . reaches under a wing to pull out ... a steel file . as he sharpen he fang ... dag what be you gonna do to I ? bat this kinda money , we gotta at least break a drumstick . johnny guano at least . he lunge for dag 's thigh ... but before he connect , dag let loose with a pre-emptive crow of pain . dag rawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwkakak ! 43 . the sound echoe loudly , make both bat cover they ear . johnny guano yow ! knock it off ! bat amore we get sensitive ear ! that throat - a yours be a load weapon . dag I just do not wanna get ... fange . don owleone perhaps I can suggest a alternative . he gesture a wing towards one of the cockfight poster . dag cockfight ?! aw no , like I tell you ... don owleone a lover not a fighter , yes , you seem to have love away a lotta loot last night . and aside from the urgent question of how you will repay we ... you need to consider you own fu-hooture . dag nod , stare into the owl 's huge eye . Don owleone 's link gaze and mellifluous voice start to hypnotize dag . don owleone ( cont 'd ) how do yoo - hooo hope to feather the nest of Ms. nightingale , who -hoose company and taste be , shall we say , not fru—hoogal ? five fight and you ! have pay we off . win the title , you will be roo-hoosting on a mountain of moo-hooooolah . dag ( echoe , entrance ) moo-hooolah . don owleone yes , moo-hoolah . now snap out of it . ( smack dag with a wing - tip ) have we get a deal ? dag sound like a offer I can not refuse . don owleone that 's the spirit . dag I still do not know squat about fight . cocky you will . cocky cacciatore step out of the elevator . don owleone meet you trainer . 44 , ext . abandoned playground - dusk cocky lead dag and mack through rubble ... mack - just think about it before you go off ail halt - cocked , no pun intend . ~o cock - fight 's a brutal ... scary . mack and dag stop short at the sight of ... rooster -- sit silently around the shadowy , overgrown playground . on the jungle - gym bar . on the swing set . on the seesaws . they be everywhere . just ... brood . it 's a scene straight out of hitchcock . and like the human in '' the bird , '' dag and mack move past they very quietly . then . cocky all right , lazybird , up and at ‘em ! cocky 's shout wake the rooster -- they be not brood , just sleep , as they rustle and stretch to life , cock point to a sign make from two other sign : '' hot wing gym . '' cocky ( cont 'd ) let 's go , what be ya , a buncha daybird ? dag watch wide - eye as the other rooster ease into they routine ... chin on the monkey - bar , weight - training on the see-saw , sparring in a sandbox roped like a box - ring . cocky ( cont 'd ) ' course , most of ‘em be daybird . they gotta gobble chicken - speed just to stay awake . but you , you be a natural . here , this should fit ya . he hand dag a pair of box gogiove '' as mack help fit they over dag 's wingtip , cocky pick another piece of gear . cocky ( cont ’d ) and try this on for size . dag react in horror at the sight of the muzzle cocky hold . dag .- I have to wear that ? cocky League rule , so you lug do not peck each other to death . relax , it will not hurt . but dag look anything but relaxed as cocky buckle it on . now paulie and Red enter the gym . paulie hello ... mack. mack hello ... paulie . ( bogie ) of all the gym-joint in all the world , you have to walk into mine . 45 . paulie what bring you here ? mack pal 's 's training to kick you boy 's the feather . again . paulie and Red recognize dag paulie 's eye narrow -- Red 's double - comb stand up like demon-horn . paulie oh , the battle busboy - you know you jest , get lucky , do n’tcha ? you can not beat ed in a fair fight . dag Red ? from pluckett 's ? ( make a connection ) do you steal my penny ?! paulie whoa , my boy do not steal nothin’ . but if you be that hard up for cash ... ( flip dag a coin ) here 's a whole nickel . dag I mean my girl penny ! at pluckett 's ! red ( taunting ) hey , all the hen go for I . I do not always get they name . both rooster drop into fight stance and face off , circle . paulie and mack move to pull they fighter apart . cocky okay , boy , save it for the ring . paulie ( Mr. T ) I pity the fool fight we ! mack ( brando ) yeah ? my boy 's gonna be a contender ! paulie ( brando ) with a one - way ticket to palookaville , he 's a bum , be what he be ! cocky huh. dueling brandos . now paulie and mack be face off like they fighter ... mack ( clint ) ya feel lucky , punk ? well be ya ? paulie ( clint ) go ahead -- make my day . 46 . - and the rooster have to pull they apart . as dag pull mack and Red drag paulie away ... mack ( Arnold ) hasta la vista , baby ! paulie ( Arnold ) ve will be back ! ext . gym - later cocky watch dubiously as dag work out on a punch - bag -- a stuffed rubber chicken hang from a jungle - gym bar . cocky okay , take a break . you heart be not really in this , be it ? ( dag shake he head no ) just as well , it be not something wanna do forever . do not wanna end up punch — drunk . I know some old rooster can not tell a chicken from a egg . much less which come first . they start forget thing , repeat themselves , and you know ... forget thing , repeat themselves . ( off dag 's reaction ) joke . I be lucky , I get outta the game before I get too goofy . but the sooner you be out , the better . okay , tr _this -- hink about somebody you be mad a 's dag squint at the punch bag , where penny'a face appear . cocky ( cont 'd ) somebody you really hate . dag shake he head -- he do not really hate penny . so he imagine red next to penny on the punch - bag , grin as he wrap a wing around she . dag snarl . his coxcomb rise . he pull back and punch ! the bag go spin around the bar . cocky ( cont 'd ) that 's more like it . as dag punch the bag harder and faster ... dissolve to : int . pluckett 's poultry - afternoon penny doze in she cramped cage as loud machinery grind into gear . her gage bounce and start to move . other hen start to squawk wildly . what 's go on ??!! wide - shot of the plant show a whole row of cage now movin on a conveyor belt , toward a chute . a metal door roll up lo reveal a glimpse of the processing plant beyond -- flicker red shadow and a infernal cacophony of clanging machine . reveal penny 's in a row of cage move toward the chute . 47 . in the front cage - a terrify hen press into the back wall of she cage , squawking ... Pov shot - through cage bar , crawl like a roller - coaster before the plunge . we move inexorably to the edge of the belt -- tip off -- land with a clang in the chute -- and slide down , down into the gape maw of the processing plant . penny cower in she move cage , cover she ear against the din of grinding gear and craze chicken . ext . gym - late afternoon cocky watch dag tapping lamely at the bag . cocky you do not exactly have the killer instinct , do ya ? dag I try to tell they , I be a ... cocky lover not a fighter , yeah , okay , plan B . you like music , right ? so let 's teach you to dance . CUT to : a record spin on old phonograph near the ring . a scratchy version of new bird in town play . cocky and dag sing as they dance around the ring . cocky feint and keep the rhythm as dag duck and skip away . dag New bird in town ... stronger each minute ... I be gonna win it ! cocky keep move . . '' turn ! keep you head down ! dag duck -- then look up to cocky for approval . instead ... pow ! he get a glove to the beak . cocky ( cont 'd ) you get a lot to learn . dag ( daze and exhaust ) whew -- I can not keep this up all night . cocky you will not have to . CUT to : a bagful of colorful seed as cocky spill some to show dag . cocky ( cont 'd ) it 's that chicken - speed I tell ya about . dag Van daa not + want mar to nea i+ ! 48 . cocky Nah , that 's the beauty part , you do not need it . most of this daybird have to use something , just to keep ‘em go . he point out other rooster around gym -- one be gobble chicken - speed -- another guzzle from a '' starcock 's '' cup -- a third be bend over to get a injection in he tailfeather from a stork , who use a reluctant hummingbird as a needle . cocky ( cont 'd ) chicken-speed ... caffeine -a-cino ... rooster - booster shot . now let 's gay somehow they do not get the right pick - I - up to wake ‘em up ... they 's 1ll run outta steam in no time . all you gotta do be keep dance till they droop , then -- blam ! go in for the kill . dag but be not that cheating ? cocky the guy who use this stuff be cheating . we be just -- un -cheat . you hear of the rope-a-dope ? well , this be the just - say-nope- to-dope . dag smile , start to get the idea ... int . pluckett 's poultry - dusk the machinery stop clanging -- the cage stop move -- the chicken settle . in she cage , penny sigh with relief ... until she see -- she 's now just a few cage away from the fatal drop-off . penny aw dag , where be you ? the question echoe in the sudden silence . then ... voice ( 0.s. ) penny ? penny look up -- do she really hear that ? penny dag ?! voice ( 0.s. ) Nah , it 's just I ... we track up a long duct , through fan blade to find ... ext . pluckett 's poultry - rooftop - dusk homer on the roof , call down through a air vent . homer .- homer. 49 . in b.g. fan spin , chimney spew smoke and that big billboard keep cranking -- a noisy motor move giant pluckett 's giant hand , lift that giant drumstick up and down and up . penny ( 0.s. ) Homer ? oh thank goodness , where 's dag ? homer um , he can not make it , Pen , he 's uh , ina little jam of he own , but never fear , Homer 's here , I be gonna get you out ! penny ( 0.s. ) . - how ? her plaintive question echoe up the vent -- how , how , how ? homer right . how . he look down the vent -- fan blade block the way . look around the roof -- smokestack belching smoke ... a few seal skylight ... no way in or out . suddenly the roof rumble -- fan blade spin faster -- the plant 's cranking up again ... int . pluckettas poultry penny 's cage start moving on the conveyor . as the cage ahead of she head for the chute of death ... uelp ! penny ( 0.s . ) ext . pluckett 's poultry - rooftop - dusk Homer launch into the air , fly to ... the back of the billboard -- where a motor turn a rubber belt that move the giant hand out front . Homer land on the move belt ... skitter ... then clamp he claw around the belt . he beat he wing against the air as he strain to pull the belt off its gear ... - and finally yank it off -center , onto the sharp edge of of a gear . the belt start to shreed ... then rip ! Homer wildly backwards and do a midair somersault to avoid t e tear belt snap back at he . on the billboard - the giant hand fall iinp , and the huge drumstick drop out ... crash ! through a skylight , into ... int . pluckett 's poultry - continuous Glass shatter and the big drumstick fall straight into the main bank of conveyor belt gear -- which grind and screech , chew up the drumstick till only the bone stick out . the conveyor belt lurch to a stop ... and so do penny 's cage , teeter on the edge of doom . a moment of silence , then ... the chicken erupt in giddy cheer and laughter . Homer flutter down from the break skylight ... penny Homer ! over here ! 50 . he fly to join she , land on atop she cage -- the wrong end , make it tilt over the edge . so he hop to the other side , weighting it down . penny ( cont 'd ) thanks . _. homer let 's just get -- you -- outta -- here . he pull on the bar of penny 's cage , try to widen the gap ... can not do it . turn to the door -- stick he beak into the keyhole , try to pick the lock ... and get stick , struggle to free he beak , push against the cage with he claw . pop ! he 's free ... but the cage tip dangerously . Homer flatten he back against the cage and , flap valiantly , push it back to safe ground . whew . then ... the MAIN door of the plant roll up to admit pluckett and he Men , check out the noise . as usual , paulie ride on pluckett 's shoulder while Red and General Lee follow at he heel . the Men tote rifle and flashlight , spraying bright beam around the cage like searchlight at a prison brea cap'n pluckett what in tarnation ....?! he see the drumstick and the damage do . hear chicken still cheer and laugh . cap ‘n pluckett ( cont ’d ) awright , hush , ya dumb cluck ! one man shoot into the air . blam ! the chicken go silent . cap 'n pluckett ( cont ’d ) that 's better . now how soon can we fix this mess and git up and runnin’ again ? we get chicken to fry penny look at Homer anxiously . he look back helplessly ... then duck behind she cage as flashlight beam sweep past . music under : the open fanfare of the '' rocky '' theme . CUT to : dag' training montage - music build as we find dag at ... ext . gym - late afternoon he push against a bar attach to the layground whirlygig while he run in circle . cocky ride the whirlygig , crow encouragement along with the music : cocky gonna fly now ! gonna fly now ! dag ( panting ) very ... funny ... another part of the gym - mack and cocky | watch dag pound tha rnhhar chiakan unanthneiactinally cacky etane 51 . ext . acme novelty warehouse - dusk mack 's intrigue , dag puzzle as cocky lead they through the fence - bar , into the dark , loom building . int . acme novelty warehouse shelves and rack full of gag toy . cocky lead dag to a area where rubber chicken hang with other bird like the slab of beef in Rocky balboa 's freezer . dag check out the rubber rooster ... duck ... bat . dag 's eye narrow ... blam-blam-blam - dag beat up on a rubber bat with new ferocity , as cocky shout encouragement . another part of the warehouse - mack 's in prankster heaven as he 's surprised by a pair of wind - up tooth ... fool by a pool of fake vomit ... delighted by a shelf of whoopie cushion , which fart - fart - fart as mack hop from one to the next . later - the rubber bat be in shred as dag cool down , cocky massage he shoulder . mack raise a camera to capture the moment . dag and cocky smile -- and get spraye with pater from mack 's gag camera . at the CITY library - dag look up at the endless stairway lead up to the library entrance . dag look at cogky -- I can not do this . cocky urge he on . dag jog forward ... then backward to tell cocky -- nope , really can not do this . '' cocky push he forward ... and dag start up the '' stair . at the gym - cocky sit on a see-saw while dag strain to push the other end down -- lift cocky into the air . back at the library - dag 's run up that stair again , breathe hard , eye close . he hit a landing -- stop -- turn -- open he eye to see cocky , way down at the bottom of the stair , cheer he on . dag grin , turn back , look up -- then sag as he see ... the endless stairway upward . it look longer than ever . at the gym - cocky and mack give dag a leopard - spot , hood boxer 's robe . dag unfurl d2 to reveal the name on the back : kid_ bantam . cocky and mack turn to reveal they jacket be also proudly emblazon kid bantam . the music crescendoe as we hit the library stair again -- a Pov shot climb up , up , up ... to the top of the stair ! we spin to see the whole CITY spread out below . reveal . we be share the Pov of a human boxer ( call he '' rocky . '' ) he raise he arm in triumph , on top the world . then ... '' rocky '' yo ! check out the chicken ! and here come dag , drag and_ huffing up the final few stair . he hit the top and collapse , exhaust . '' rocky '' ( cont 'd ) yo , you get a lotta noive , boid . pick . dag up ... and raise the rooster over he head , a dou le-victory gesture . dag grin goofily as Rocky jump ... 52 . dag be Pov - the whole city roll out below he as the rocky theme climaxe and we musical sequence end ... dag hey cocky , I be flyin 's ! I be flyin 's ! dissolve to : ext . gym - dusk as Homer land -- look around till he spot -- a figure in that hood '' kid bantam '' robe , shadow - box in a corner . homer hey , dag. , do not turn around , I can not look you in the eye , just listen . penny do not really write that letter about Red and '' do not come back , '' the truth be , she 's in trouble , dag , big .. the figure turn to reveal the face under the hood . it 's not dag -- it 's johnny guano . gulp . homer ( cont 'd ) .- trouble . hiya johnny , that robe look good on you . johnny guano hiya -- stool pigeon . you know what happen to stool pigeon ? homer they get they wing clipped ? johnny smile -- show he fang . as he close in on Homer , we hear radio static and rat -a-tat-a-tat sound fx ... woody winchell ( 0.s. ) they call he kid bantam , the newest student of the sweet science . ext . radio studio - day nestled in a antenna tower , Radio kjay be on the air . Wood - pecker woody winchell punctuate he patter with pecking . woody winchell ... who graduate to the pro tonight . ( peck - peck -peck ) train by woot , cacciatore , three - time - champ from way - back -when ... ( peck - n peck - peck ) kid bantam be fresh meat , +or should I say poultry , and he 's likel 9gt tenderize by tough bir keo lo loco , a-k - a the mexican madman . who will slaughter whom ? your truly Woody winchell will be there to find out , see you at the fight ! Woody ding a bell and start a record play . music up ( " new bird in town '' ) as we dissolve into : a good old -fashioned boxing movie montage - in sepia tone and black - and - white , with the occasional splatter of red . 53 . a fight poster spin toward US - spotlit at the bottom of the card : apollo loco v. kid bantam . blinding flashbulb explode as dag head into the arena , wear he '' kid bantam '' robe . in the locker room - mack open Apollo 's locker -- find a sack of chicken - speed -- switch it for a identical bag . he slip behind the locker as apollo appear in trunk and robe -- grab the bag -- and gulp down its useless content . at the boxing ring - dag and cocky climb through the rope , take they corner . Woody sits_at the press table ringside . the referee be cooney -- while poss hold up the round -card . later - the audience full of bird cheer as dag evade Apollo 's punch . excite flo sit next to worried mack . wham ! Apollo land a punch -- dag spin backwards . grab the rope for support as Apollo move in ... chorus ( 0.s . ) New bird in town , full of high hope now ... oof ! on the rope now , can he return ? New bird in town , he 's get a lot to ... ding ! the bell sound , dag and Apollo return to they corner . cocky water dag down and tend he wound . dag he 's not ... get ... tired ... cocky hang in there . ding ! Apollo aim a punch -- dag duck -- Apollo stumble , off -balance . shake he head , blink -- get sleepy . he look around -- where 's the other guy ? -- just as dag pop up from below with a uppercut -- smack ! Apollo crash to the ground . referee cooney count ... and ten ! he 's out ! the referee lift winner dag 's wing as cocky and dag 's fan in the audience cheer wildly . at birdland - a champagne bottle pop open as mack , flo , artie , bat , even johnny celebrate dag 's victory . another spinning fight - card -- dag 's move up on the fight card : sugar ray leghorn v. kid bantam . dissolve to : the gym whirlygig - overhead shot - cocky ride the carousel as dag run and push , dissolve into : the roulette wheel at nero 's Castle -- where slightly sloshed cocky and flo be win , dissolve into ... the dance floor at birdland -- overhead shot , as dag and flo spin around the floor in one another 's wing . outside nero 's -- cooney and poss hold flashlight , sweep they back and forth like searchlight over the sewer Strip . crowd of nightbird push toward the entrance , under a marauis that sav : tonight ! kid bantam V. clucker lang . 54 . in the locker room - clucker lang be a huge black rooster with he coxcomb plaster into a Mr. T. mohawk . his big cup of starcock 's coffee sit on a table next to he . mack_approach with he own cup . he peel off the '' decaf '' label and place he cup on the table next to clucker 's . mack point at something to distract clucker . the big rooster look away -- mack switch coffee-cup . but clucker suspect the switch , point to distract mack ... and switch the cup back . mack point again -- this time , he do not switch . when clucker repeat the gag and switch the cup , he end up with mack 's decaf . in nero 's arena - dag and clucker slug it out . dag 's on the rope -- only save by the bell . he stagger back to he corner , where cocky sponge he black eye ... ding ! the bell ring -- dag rise -- but clucker do not . the big guy have doze off on_his stool . clucker 's trainer try to rouse he -- but only succeed in push he off the stool . clucker fall flat on the canvas , sound asleep . dag raise both wing , parade around the ring , victorious . at birdland - flashbulb pop and nightbird fan surround dag , now wear a two - tone ricky ricardo jacket and a big shiner . mack approach for a congratulatory ug -- but dag shine he on as he push ahead toward flo , of wait with wing outstretch . they hug as mack watch , hurt . dag grab a bottle of champagne from the tray of a pass waitbird ... pop ! the bottle overflow with happy bubbles as music fade . dissolve to : int . don owleoneas penthouse owleone 's open the Don 's perignon and fill acorn-cup , as bat finish count money . bat amore all here , boss . as everyone take a cup of champagne , owleone raise he ... don owleone we never doubted you - hoo . to kid bantam ! flo , mack , cocky , bat and johnny join the toast . mack and to the happy end of a great career . don owleone '' end ? '' who -hoo say anything about end ? mack well , dag do , remember ? he 's gonna quit fight once he debt 's pay , which be now , so ... ( lift cup ) ta-daaa ! 55 . flo quit now ? you gotta be kid . ( wing around dag ) you be just get start , be n’tcha ? dag come on , mack , I can not stop now . the championship , you know what that mean ? flo a million smacker purse be what it mean . mack yeah , of which you get what ? dag twenty percent . almost half , right ? owleone , bat and johnny all nod vigorously . mack but you be a lover -- not a fighter . dag ( hug flo ) gee , mack ... can not I be both ? bat amore attaboy . to the next World Champion ! flo cuddle dag as all toast -- even , reluctantly , mack . ext . cathedral ledge - night dag , mack and cocky perch beneath a gargoyle overlook the city street , a little worse for the champagne . dag you get it , do n’tcha , cocky ? this be no time to quit . cocky I gotta vote with the mockingbird on this one , kid . the longer you stay in the game , the more chance you will get sucker - punch in the head . mack or the heart . ( off dag 's look ) forget it . dag I could be lucky , like cocky . cocky everybody 's luck run out sometime . Energy , too . I gotta hit the hay . and you gotta do what you gotta do . see ya tomorrow , kid . cocky move off into the shadow beneath the gargoyle ... 56 . dag listen , mack , now I can start make some real money . even keep some of it ! mack ( nod , deadpan ) almost half . dag and that will not hurt , with flo and all . mack yeah , no dough , no flo . dag yeah ... hey , whaddya mean ? you say flo only love for my money ? mack no , no , no . not only . ( Robin Leach ) there 's also the free fight ticket , the best table and all the fabulous perk of the lifestyle of the rich and famous . you think she 's 's some kind of ... fly - by - night ... golddigger ? mack no ! I know she be . dag take it back . mack kid , I be only try to ... dag ( collar mack ) take it back ! mack okay , okay flo 's a peach , she love you just for be you . dag ( ignore sarcasm , let he go ) that 's more like it . mack but ya still oughta quit fight . dag ripsy anger ) yeah ( he 1 , you know what you oughta do ? you oughta stop tell I what I oughta do be what you oughta do . just keep you thousand voice to yourself and let I find my own ! mack you be not gonna find it with a muzzle on you beak . 57 . dag I be a big bird , mack , I do not need you crowd I all the time . mack -.. well , I do not wanna crowd ya , kid . ya do not have to worry about that anymore . he stand , flap he wing ... and tipsily fall of the ledge . dag mack ...! mack rise back into view , hover a moment ... mack so long , dag . he fly into the night sky -- leave dag alone . int . pluckett 's poultry - day cap and pluckett inspect the fix machinery . cap'n pluckett she 's ready to go ? off he Foreman 's nod , pluckett flip the on switch . the gear and belt whir into action . penny react in terror as she cage start to move ... off the end of the conveyor belt ... toward the chute of doom . penny stick she foot through thé bar and frantically run against the move belt ... but she can not hold out much longer .. cap ‘n pluckett ( cont ’d ) okay , shut she down . the machinery stop . penny collapse , relieved . cap 's N pluckett ( cont ’d ) quittin 's time , boy we got_a big night ahead . y’all ready to rumble ? pluckett 's man whoop and rush to new task -- transform the plant into a arena . series of dissolves : as some man set up a cockfight ring ... other set up riser and chair ... some lay bet with cap 'o pluckett ... and two man hoist a paint banner read : world bantamweight cockfight championship . as pluckett take bet , Red and paulie confer at he foot . red it 's time to pick my prize , paulie . paulie okay , you can pick she -- but ya can not do anything with she until ... red .- after the fight , I know . 58 . paulie ( burgess meredith ) hen weaken leg . hen weaken leg . red and I know just which hen I want . ( call out ) any of you chick know a cluck name dag ? penny dag ? have you see he ? be he okay ? Red zeroe in on we penny in she cage -- call back : not for long , baby . I x11 see you after the fight . ext . gym - afternoon dag 's work out on the rubber- chicken punch - bag , as cocky hold it from behind . as he jab bag : dag shoulda hear -- what he say -- about flo -- who do he -- think he be anyway ? cocky okay , easy , save some for the fight . ( keep " punch hard ) I mean -- t nerve of -- that guy -- tellin 's I -- what to do -- and when to quit -- and who to date ! cocky stick he head around the side of the bag . cocky okay , that 's enough , kid ... pow ! dag 's hardest punch yet connect with cocky 's beak . off-guard , the old rooster sprawl and lie stil dag cocky ! aw no ... he kneel at cocky 's side -- hoist he into a sit position -- gently smack he face with a wingtip . dag ( cont ’d ) cocky ? come on , cocky , wake up now ... the old rooster 's eye blink groggily open . his head 's still spin and cartoonish cuckoos circle , coo - cooing loudly . then cocky lift a wing -- and shoos the cuckoos away . cocky stupid bird . dag cocky , be you okay ? ( raise both wing gs ) how many wing be I hold up ? 59 . cocky that 's easy , um ... you know ... what 's the one between one and three ? . , dag . stop kid around , I be worried . cocky relax , you do not have to worry about I . dag breathes a sigh of relief . then : cocky ( cont 'd ) relax , you do not have to worry about I . cuckoos gather around he head once more . as he shoos they : cocky ( cont 'd ) say kid , what 's you name again ? off dag -- devastate by what he 's do . int . flo's dressing room as dag barrel in , the dress - screen wobble -- as if someone have just rush behind it . dag flo ! you here ? I really need to talk ... flo I nil be right out . dag see she robe slip off the screen ... then notice a pair of boxer short also drape over the screen . the short be decorate with little red bat . dag watch they slowly slip behind the screen . he hide he reaction as flo emerge . flo ( cont ’d ) hey , champ , how ya feel ? dag not so good , flo , cocky 's all mess _up , I think I hurt he pretty bad . and I think I just get hurt pretty bad myself . without warning , dag slam into the screen -- pin the guy behind it to the wall bat amore ( 0.s. ) oooff . dag let the screen fall -- revealing bat in he boxer . bat amore ( cont 'd ) dag ! good to see ya , this be not necessarily how it look . I be just -- inspect the club for -- you know ... flo moth . bat amore exactly ! 60 . dag yeah ? where be you clothes ? bat amore ( pretend surprise ) man hose moth be quick . dag look at flo , who shrug sadly ... flo I say I would be you gixt Friday , kid . but the rest of the week 's up for grab . too hurt to respond , dag turn to go ... bat amore see ya at the fight . forget the vee ght ! cocky be right . mack be right . I shoulda stop when I say I woul it 's over . I quit . and he storm out . ext . CITY street - late afternoon dag trudge alone through the street once more ... past the movie theatre ( " she do he wrong '' ) ... past the newsstand ( " BRETT & jenna break - up bombshell ! '' ) . through dag 's eye , the Times Square sign now read : loser --doofus --alone . ~ once again thunder rumble -- rain fall -- and a taxi blow through puddle in front of dag , drench he with water . ext . ST . francis hospital - dusk bag climb the fire escape ... past a sign point leave : splant wing ... a sign point righ ' herapy wing ... to chalk graffiti read '' wing wing . '' '' a arrow point up . ext . hospital roof - dusk a avian * clinic spread across the roof -- injure bird lie in nest arrange around heating duct , tend by stork doctor and nightingale nurse . dag look to find ... cocky - he head bandage , lie in a comfy nest . cocky dag ! hey kid , over here ! dag cocky ! how ya do ? cocky oh , fine , the doctor be great . except for the big bill . get it ? ( off dag 's look ) I be okay , kid . I remember my name . and yours . and you remember this guy ? homer hiya , dag . Homer lie in a adjoin nest , he wing in cast . 61 . dag Homer ! what happen ... homer I have it come , I shoulda never lie to you . look , penny still love you , you gotta get to pluckett 's and save she ! cocky pluckett 's ? hey , you should be there already -- you get a big fight to fight . dag and pal be startle by the arrival of : bat amore right . whether you want to or not . johnny guano figure a sap like you would show up here . so we come to escort you to the championship . dag I tell you , I be not fight . johnny guano have it you way . gohnny open wide to reveal he gleam fang . bat dig he claw into dag 's wing as johnny move in for the kill . don owleone ( 0.s. ) bat ! johnny ! release that roo-hooster ! the bat pull back , startle by they boss 's voice . bat amore but boss , we think ... don owleone ( 0.s. ) who -hooo tell you to think ? now release , dag can see what the bat do not -- it 's not owleone talk , but mack imitate the old owl . dag talk over bat 's shoulder , overplay a little : dag thanks , Don owleone . I be just gonna leave now , Don owleone ... cocky dag -- whaddya mean , you be not fight ? dag I can not , cocky ... cocky can not ? you gotta ! you promise . lotsa folk be count on you . betting on you . like I . a bird 's word be he whatchamacallit , you can not run away now . as dag ponder this , johnny turn to see mack . 62 . johnny guano hey look ...! bat see he , too . mack flap away . before the bat can follow , they be distract by ... homer ( 0.s. ) yo bat , johnny ! painfully flap he wounded wing , Homer hover above ... homer ( cont 'd ) I ' 1l show ya a stool pigeon ! bat and johnny look up ... and two big white glob of pigeon - poop drop onto they head . ugh , yuk ! as they wipe they eye , mack call to dag from the tlre escape : mack let 's go , kid ! ext . hospital FIRE escape - twilight dag run down the step as mack fly behind . mack hope I be not crowd you . dag aw no , mack , I be sorry , thanks ... don owleone you -hoo be very welcome . dag man , you sound just like he , it 's ... don owleone spoo-hoooky ? dag run smack into the real Don owleone , block he way on the fire escape . he clutches mack in one claw . don owleone ( cont ’d ) I do not really sound like that , do - hoo I ? dag hake let he go . 1’11 fight you stupid t . and after I cream that chicken , I 's a come for you . don owleone I like you fu-hoory . you limo await . his eye flash as he sink he free claw into the scruff of dag 's neck . owleone take off , carry dag and mack . ext . CITY - twilight the street below look far , far away as owleone circle , he prey swinging from he claw . suddenly he swoops down ... and release dag and homer. 63 . falling Pov -- we heroes squawk as they drop out of the sky and land hard , thump ! a lid slam down , plunging we into ... int . darkness only the bird 's eye be visible . dag oof. mack , you okay ? mack umf . this be what I get for help you . dag ; ; maybe we can open this thing ... the eye close as the bird grunt and strain against the lid . ext . CITY street - twilight they be in a basket - trunk attach to the back of cap and pluckett 's big black car . the lid pop up a inch -- but no further , thanks to a big padlock . dag and mack 's eye peer through the gap as the car glide away ... fade to black thump . thud . dag & mack hey ! ow ! what the ...? Light flood in as the trunk be open -- then tip . dag mack fall out into ... int . pluckett 's poultry - rooster pen Chicken wire cover this pen on every side and across the top , which slam down . one of pluckett 's Men padlock it . they be trap . dag look through the wire to see ... the whole vast prison of pluckett 's poultry . dag be horrify -- what kind of place be this ? Don owleone step into view , outside the wire cage . dag let we outta here ! don owleone sorry , no can do -hoo . until you do something for I -- quid pro quoo-hooo . dag I say I would fight , what more do you want ? don owleone I ware , ou to lose . £ dag 's shock ) you 's fg very popular , my friend . so popular , the odd be five to two -hoo in you favor . which mean there 's more to e make betting against you -hoo . mack you can not do that . 64 . don owleone I already have . I bet you 'il go down in round two-hoo . so you be gonna go down in round two-hoo . dag throw the fight ?! what do you think I be , some kind of human ? no sir . you can make I fight but you can not make I lose . don owleone oh , I think I can . he step aside to reveal penny -- she wing hold by bat on one side , johnny on the other . dag penny ! bat amore so it 's simple -- lose the fight , or lose the chickie . johnny guano ready to rumble , rooster ? dag ( gaze at penny ) yeah . I be ready . penny but bat and johnny be drag she back to she cage . don owleone remember -- round two-hoo . off dag , tear ... cooney ( v.o. ) okay , it 's time to pay for you ride ! CUT to : ext . STREET near birdland - twilight cooney take money from rooster and other flightless bird as they hop aboard a little red wagon . £ cooney b pay for you ride uy you program place you bet ! " all aboard the " championship express . poss stand nearby , sell program and take bet . cooney ( cont 'd ) okay , let 's move out . poss climb aboard a tricycle hitched in front of the wagon . homer ( 0.s. ) hey wait ! wait for we ! 65 . here come Homer , he wing in sling , and cocky 's on foot . cooney grab they money and help shove they aboard . cooney okay , poss , you pedal , I 'il push ! with a mighty effort , poss start peddle the tricycle while cooney push the wagon from the rear . as soon as the wagon get roll , cooney stop push and hop aboard . int . pluckettas poultry mack be one glum prisoner as paulie waddle up to the pen . paulie always know you have end up asa jailbird . sorry to hear you boy 's go down . mack only to save he hen . paulie rawk ! and ya know what 's funny about that ? when my boy win -- he get the hen . win or lose , you boy lose . paulie laugh raucously as he waddle away . mack turn to see dag 's be listen . dag ; ; in that case ... I might as well win . dag look angrier and more determine than we have ever see he . music up - the intermezzo from cavalleria rusticana -- a.k.a . theme from rage bull . fade to : smoky black -and - white - dag shadow - box alone in the rin wear he spot robe with the hood up , like a fowl del for in the famous open image . freeze -frame - title over : kid bantam world bantamweight title bout we begin a series of dissolves in b/w scorsese style , full of slo - mo , freeze - frame and extreme close-ups ... fight fan arrive at pluckett 's -- shadowy human in the bleacher , bird sit ringside . B gang of Amore 's bat perch on the pillar of the ring , guard against trouble . woody winchell sit ringside , broadcasting from a wooden crate label PRESS BOX . dag suit up -- mack finish tie the glove , reach for the muzzle . dag grit he beak as mack slip it on ... Red slam back starcock 's 's coffee , one cup in each wing . whistle and cheer as dag appear . blind flashbulb pop ! freeze -frame photo - dag raise he wing , all pump - up . dag climb into the ring -- follow by he new corner - man , mack , who get awkwardly tangle in the rope . 66 . a microphone drop from above ... into the paw of tonight 's referee , cooney . he even look like a stripe-shirted ref . cooney in this corner , weigh in at ten pound six ounce -- kid bantam ! ( cheer ) in this corner , weigh in at fourteen pound twelve ounce , ready Red o'reilly ! dag and Red tap glove in a pre-fight '' handshake . '' back in he corner , dag drop he robe . look good . Red drop he robe . look better . plus he 's caffeinate to he coxcomb which stick up like horn . the bell ding . poss hold up a sign : '' round one . '' Red attack first . dag dance away once ... twice ... woody winchell and the rhode Island redneck launch he assault ... but he can not touch the kid , look at that chicken duck . ka - pow ! Red connect . dag stagger in slo - mo to the rope . woody winchell ( cont ’d ) kapow and ouch , talk about cold - cocked , o’reilly 's get the kid on the rope . Red pound dag -- until dag duck . Red keep go lung into the rope -- which stretch and bounce he back ... ..- but Red aim he leg squarely at dag 's chest -- oof ! dag sprawl onto the canvas . so begin a bruise round for dag , fight as if he life , and penny 's , depend on it . later - Red 's pummelling we hero hard as the bell ding ... woody winchell ( cont ’d what 's black and blue and have Red all over he , it 's kid bantam , and whew , he 's save by the bell . in dag 's corner -- mack band - aid dag 's cut and squeeze spongeful of water over he . in Red 's corner -- paulie rub the rooster 's neck while Red swallow more starcock 's . ding ! they be up again . poss raise a sign : round two . slo -mo shot of dag take a beat . feather fly and float through the air . Red stomp on dag 's foot and slug he into the rope . dag bounce back like a rubber doll -- and Red slug he again . it 's looney tune meet scorsese ... until Red deliver a killer roundhouse punch . dag bounce and crash to the canvas . cooney start count -- one , two ... dag 's blurry Pov of the crowd -- Don owleone , smile . - flo , fretful ... bat and johnny , hold penny in they clutches . dag struggle to get up -- four ! five ! the crowd roar grow faint in he head , as he hear : 67 . cocky you can do it , kid ! you can do it ! dag blink he swollen eye , see ... homer and cocky -- ringside , bandage but root loudly . homer attaboy dag , come on , get up ! Seven ... eight ... dag drag himself to he foot . the ref pull back -- the crowd goe wild . in the crowd - Don owleone scowl and seethes . in the ring -- Red move in on wobbly dag ... but dag crouch to_ launch a head - butt into Red 's gut . Red stagger back , off - balance , and slam into a corner post . cr-rack . that 's gotta hurt . as he slide down the post , cuckoos circle he head . in the crowd - penny 's hold by johnny and bat , who murmur : bat amore he win , you lose . penny ( shout rebelliously ) come on , dag -- kill he ! decimate he ! in the ring , dag look around to find she ... just as Red swat the cuckoos and stand up . he barrel toward dag .. who turn back in the nick of time , and drop to he knee . Red 's momentum carry he forward -- he trip over dag and crash onto the canvas . dag jump on top of Red , pin he down . spectator cheer and lean forward eagerly ... penny ( cont 'd ) murder he !!! slo -mo - as dag raise a glove to deliver the final blow ... then stop . instead of hit Red , dag stick he glove under he other wing , yank it off . reaction change from yay to hunh ? as dag use he free wing to remove he muzzle . bat amore what the ...? get he , boy ! the bat guard spread they wing and launch . as they swoop towards Da - he crow . the bat put they wing over they ear ... '' drop to the ground , writhe in sonic pain . johnny release he grip on penny , but bat struggle to hold on . now flo decide to help -- she stick she beak into bat 's ear , and shriek a colloratura high note . it 's more than bat can stand -- he release penny , cover he ear . flo move , girl ! go stand by you rooster . penny flash flo a grateful smile -- then flap off through the crowd . now flo be startle by a voice behind she : don owleone oh , flo , that be not a very smart mooove . 68. flo gulp as the old owl clamp a claw around she neck ... in the ring , dag lean down , beak - to - beak with Red . as he reach under Red 's head , he opponent squirm ... dag ; ; relax , I be not try to kiss ya . .- and he rip Red 's muzzle off . red what ’dja do that for ? dag you be welcome . now crow . a beat -- then Red crow . a lovely , operatic tenor trill . dag ( cont ’d ) gee . that be unexpected . cap ‘n pluckett fight , dammit ! Red crow again , right at pluckett : red I always want to sing -- but you make I fight . dag now everybody ! make some noise ! drive this bat bat ! dag crow along with Red ... and the other rooster join in . the cock -ophony echoe through the plant . all the bat shriek and flap wildly toward for the open door . some fly into Col. pluckett , who whacks they away ... penny dag ! dag penny ! he see she ringside , pull she up into the ring . as they wrap they wing around one another ... penny you really be a fighter . dag when I be fight for what I love . ( then , to crowd ) everybody ! listen ! the rooster stop crow . music up . dag sing : " nobody here but US chicken '' . dag ( cont 'd ) listen , the clock be tickin’ . red I do not hear nothin’ . 69 . dag listen , the time 's run out ... suddenly everyone 's quiet -- listen to dag . dag ( cont 'd ) there 's nobody here but we chicken -- and we chicken be stricken with doubt . cage hen nod and murmur , '' it 's true , we be . '' dag ( cont 'd ) listen ! the tickin ' quicken ... we be sick a ' we be under attack ... but there 's nobody here but we chicken , so it 's time to stand up and fight back ! on pluckett and he men - baffle by the non-fight cock . cap ‘n pluckett fight , ya dumb cluck ! what in tarnation you wait for ? back in the ring - dag sing to Red . dag hey my fine - feathered brother , let 's stop fight each other , let 's use we might the right way -- to fight the man ! rooster fight the man ! old hen but we can not ... rooster yes we can ! dag ( sing to crowd ) no more a henhouse divide , let 's cross the road with pride -- let 's join one another and march to the other side ! all the rooster be get excited now , crowing enthusiastically as they batter against the chicken - wire . cap and pluckett storm to the rope , eye - to - eye with dag . cap'n pluckett who the hell you think you be , rooster ? dag look right back -- extend a wing to turn up pluckett 's hearing aid -- then crow into the speaker : dag dagnabbit -- shuddup ! pluckett be literally knocked down by dag 's volume . the chicken cheer . as pluckett 's man help he to he foot . 70 . cap ‘n pluckett I ' 1l_ kill you , bird , I will kill you and chill you and chop you into nugget ! rooster shuddup ! yeah , shuddup ! cap'n pluckett you shuddup ! JI own you damn dumb bird ! rooster shud-dup ! shud-dup ! shud-dup ! dag 's name be become a gladiator rallying - cry , like '' spartacus . '' as pluckett shrink back , dag sing : dag here 's where the plot start to thicken -- here 's where I give ya the scoo , there 's nobody here but we chic . en , and we chicken be flyin’ the coop ! rooster shuddup ! dag no , really ! chicken , no iron and brick can keep we lock up on the shelf -- but no - one will rescue we chicken -- time to start stickin ' up for ourselves ! rip ! a corner of chicken - wire give way under the rooster 's batter . one push through -- then another . they grab the wire and pul as_more and more rooster break free . but most of the hen still cringe in they cage ... dag ( cont 'd ) you too , hen ! make noise , get mad ! mack wanna get ‘em mad ? leave it to I . as mack take flight , pluckett spot the escape rooster . . cap'n pluckett tarnation , stop ‘em ! his Men grab rifle and start down from the bleacher .. High above , mack land near a fire-sprinkler . pluck a piece of acme flash paper from he pocket -- ignite it -- and hold the flame under the sprinkler . whoosh ! the system start up . sprinkler spin and spray water over all the cage ... make the hen wet , and , yes , mad . they start to cluck and rattle they cage . the indoor rainstorm cascade down the bleacher . pluckett 's man slip and slide down the slick stair . other human start a slippery stampede for the door . mack watch happily . mack mad as wet human . 71 . his smile fade as he feel two claw sink into he shoulder . paulie cracker have land on he . paulie cracker you be nothin’ but trouble . mack pull another packet from he pocket - acme sneeze powder . he flick it open as paulie attack ... and explode ! aaaachooo ! choo ! choo ! helpless paulie release mack ... and tumble off he perch , feather fly with every sneeze as he spasm he way to the ground . in the ring , dag and penny shout encouragement to the hen : dag & penny go girl ! rattle that cage ! pluckett slip and slide he way to the plant control panel . he punch the '' sprinkler off '' button , grab the '' machine on '' lever ... and since he 's soaking wet , get zapped with electricity . General Lee lunge to rescue he master , sink he tooth into pluckett 's leg -- and get zapped himself . the sprinkler stop . pluckett 's weight pull the lever down . the machine start as he hand slip free ... hen squawk as the belt start move . the old hen from dag 's farm be head for the chute -- but she squawks and rattles she cage so fiercely , it tip over the side ... down below , pluckett regains consciousness to find General Lee freeze in mid-chomp on he ankle . cap ‘n pluckett let go - a I , you moron ! General Lee let go . then ... wham ! the Old hen 's cage drop on pluckett 's head -- he 's down again . the cage hit the floor ... the door spring OPEN ... the Old hen be amaze as she step out to freedom . old hen hey , look at I ! ( sing ) come on , my fine feathered sister -- let 's figh the cap an and mister ! shake yourselves free , and we can beat the man ! hen . but we can not ! old hen yes we can ! more hen rattle they cage right off the conveyor belt -- onto pluckett , he Dog , and he Men . thunk ! thunk ! old hen ( cont 'd ) no more a henhouse divide -- let 's cross the road with pride ! hen let 's help one another and get to the other side ! 72 . but one little hen can not rattle free -- she 's stick on the conveyor belt head for the chute ... dag mack ! help ! dag 's struggle to pull the end of the chicken wire off the rooster - pen . mack fly to help he . rip ! as the little hen drop off the end of the belt into the fatal chute ... mack swoops and drop the big chicken - wire net . it catch the hen 's cage ... and block the end of the chute , more cage drop and get stop by the blockage -- create a nice big traffic — jam in e chute . penny have find she way to a telephone . she knock the receiver off the hook and peck out nine - one -one . int . police station - night as a deputy answer the phone ... deputy Police . he recoil from the frantic squawking at the other end . deputy ( cont 'd ) whoa , mar ’am -- calm down ... asover phone , shout ) hey Marshall ! we get a emergency , I be not sure what , but this chick 's in pain . int . pluckettas poultry penny back away from the '' phone as paulie approach , still sneezing explosively . ean into the receiver ... paulie help -choo ! pluckett 's poultry -choo ! help , they be kill we ! choo ! nearby , the Old hen lead other fall hen from break cage to the plant door . one hen carry a egg in she wing ... hen with egg woman and child first ! pluckett spot the hen escape -- push the door-button -- and get shocked again . as the door roll down , a few hen get trap . suddenly they be catch in a beam of light ... dag this way , girl ! fly out the window ! dag hold a flashlight in he claw , use it to direct the escapee up a flight of stair to a small window . hen we can fly ? dag sure we can . we have just deny we true power due to social conditioning ! 73. the hen jump out the window . thud ! dag wince -- then explain to the camera : dag ( cont ’d ) without a false sense of security , she have never have jump . flo help ! help ! dag look up to see owleone clutching flo in he claw , as he dive straight for the open window . think fast , dag aim the flashlight at the old owl 's eye . owleone be blind . his huge pupil shrink to pinprick -- he shriek in surprise -- and release he grip on flo . before she can unfurl she wing , she 's plummete to the ground ... until mack swoops down to catch she . flo ( cont ’d ) thanks , mack . I do not deserve you . mack you get that right . owleone crash into cage on the belt . as he recover , dag run and leap up to confront he . don owleone bat ! johnny ! dag ( move in on owleone ) they take off . not so tough without you hench - bat , be ya ? yeah , you be real tough with the hen and the mouse , how ' bout fight a rooster you own size ? owleone 's back away -- then reach the edge of the belt . _ don owleone okay , just stay coo-hoool ... pow ! dag slug he right in the beak . the owl go fly off the conveyor belt -- down the chute -- into oblivion . dag arrividerci , godfeather . back to cap'n pluckett - as he struggle to he foot ... homer yo , pluckett ! bomb away ! pluckett look up to see Homer hover awkwardly above . and get a generous drop of pigeon - poop in he eye . meanwhile , penny perches on dag " 's back to reach the ring of keys hang from distract pluckett 's belt-loop . plop ! another homer-bomb land on General Lee . he growls and leap at Homer , catch the low - fly pigeon off -guard . he chomp on Homer 's wing - tip , shake he back and forth ... 74 . mack to the rescue . he land on the General 's back and whip another packet from he pocket -- acme itching powder . a quick sprinkle over the dog 's back ... General Lee freeze -- whine -- release Homer -- and start scratching frantically as mack and Homer make they escape . penny hold the cap 'o 's key while dag pull off key and toss they to other rooster . dag hug penny as he sing : dag I find my chick and unloose ‘er ! penny but the other be still in a fix . think there 's nobody here but you rooster ? rooster let 's go save some chick ! dag , penny and the rooster flap , hop and run to different level of the '' prison '' and start open cage . the freed hen embrace the rooster -- then scurry to open more cage . everybody now we will not stand for slim pickin , now that we all know the score ! there 's nobody here but we chicken , and we chicken be not chicken no more ! ext . pluckett 's poultry - night bat and johnny come in for a landing . bat amore there 's gotta be a way back in ... thump ! something fly out of a '' waste '' chute in the wall above and land right in front of the bat . it 's a big chunk of deep - fry batter -- shape just like a owl with wing outstretch . the bat consider they boss 's fry remain . johnny guano Chicken -fried owl . wonder what that taste like . ( off bat 's look ) I be just wonder . int . pluckettas poultry pluckett be apoplectic -- everywhere he look , he see hen hopping out of they cage . cap ’n pluckett stop that chicken ! two of he man climb to the edge of the chute . one lunge to catch a escape hen and fall onto the cage that clog the chute . it 's a little too much weight for the chicken - wire , which start to give way . another man start to climb in ... first man no , do not help meeeeeee ..... 75 . too late . the chicken - wire give way ... and the cage tumble down the chute , with pluckett 's man aboard for the ride . as they slide down to oblivion ... dag / penny / chicken we be gonna give ‘em a lickin’ ! we be gonna drive ‘em all nut ! there 's nobody here but we chicken -- and we chicken be kickin’ you butt ! Woody remain at he microphone amidst the chaos .. woody winchell it 's a unbelievable scene as chicken take over the poultry plant and they jailer run for cover , oh , the humanity ! homer ( approach he ) hey , could you help I with something ? ext . pluckett 's poultry - rooftop - night Woody emerge through a crack in the board - up skylight -- and fly behind the pluckettas poultry billboard , where the giant cap 'o 's arm still swing loosely from its bolt . Woody and and start peck at the wood that hold the bolt . rat -tat-tat-tat ... int . pluckett 's poultry - continuous pluckett rage at the free-ranging prisoner ... cap ‘n pluckett you_ca not escape , dang it ! May the hand of God strike I down before I ’11l be beat by a buncha bird - brain chicken ! crash ! pluckett look up just in time to see ... the giant billboard hand crash through the board above ... into the plant machinery . with plenty of grinding and smoke , it all come to a halt . the chicken cheer , cluck and crow . everybody you better not mess with we chicken , we will fry '' you eventually -- there 's nobody here but we chicken , and together we can be free ! blam ! the jubilant music stop abruptly at the sound of a shotgun blast . the cap 'o have fire a warning shot . his remain Men stand with rifle ready . cap ‘n pluckett now that be enough -a that . the bird cower from the human weapon . pluckett draw a bead on dag and penny .. cap'n pluckett ( cont 's D ) you two troublemaker be not gonna make no more trouble for nobody . as he finger tighten on the trigger ... everyone react to the sound of siren outside . 76 . loudspeaker voice ( 0.s. ) open up ! Police ! mack flutter up to the door-button and kick it . the metal door roll up , revealing ... police car outside , splash red light over the night . a marshall and deputy approach pluckett ... cap ‘n pluckett everything 's fine , Marshall ... marshall afraid not , sir . sponsor cockfight be a crime in this county . pluckett turn to face the Marshall , and recognize ... cap'n pluckett Farmer Farmer ?! the Farmer now wear a Marshall 's uniform . farmer Marshall Farmer , now . have to get a new job after you shut we down . let 's go . he grab pluckett 's rifle and produce a pair of handcuffs . farmer ( cont 'd ) just do my duty , cap 'o , do my duty . ( slapping on the cuff ) you have the right to remain silent . ( as pluckett start to protest ) that mean shuddup . chicken squawk happily as Farmer drag pluckett out . chicken shuddup ! shuddup ! ext . pluckett 's poultry - night - continuous the plant be a_ circus of red light and teeming feather , as Farmer perp -walk pluckett to the police car ... follow by a torrent of hen and rooster , make they escape . cooney and poss stand by they tricycle - wagon , pitching : cooney step right up , buy 2 a seat on the liberty limousine to freedo as chicken swarm they way , poss speak for the first time . poss this time -- you pedal . exhausted , he flip onto he back , play possum . we find we heroes emerge into the night . penny kiss dag . flo kiss mack . '' Homer lean in to kiss cocky , who gruffly shove he away . dissolve to : 77 . int . birdland - onstage - night we be back to mack and he open monologue . now we notice the treetop Lounge be pack with regular and new customer -- the rooster and hen from pluckett 's . mack true story . so now without further ado , lady a gentlebird and my little chickadee , here 's the guy you have be wait for . hey chicken ! wake up ! can we get they some coffee ? here he be , the rooster who coulda be world champion but settle for seit of cock - a- doobie-doobie - doo . he 's still a champ in my book , so make some noise , this kid 's something to crow about -- dag nabbit ! cheer as light change -- we see dag silhouett behind the curtain . he let loose with a brassy riff ... dag bra-ka-kaw ! bra-ka-kaw ! bra-ka-ka-ka-ka - kaw -ka-ka-kaw , yeah ! curtain rise on dag and band : '' nobody here but US chicken . '' dag ( cont 'd ) artie & crow some bird be smart as the yeah ! dicken -- dag ( cont 'd ) artie & crow and that bird have smartly yeah ? deduce ... dag ( cont 'd ) that there 's nobody here but we chicken , and we chicken be ruling the roost ! artie take the vocal as dag crow ... artie caw yeah ! we be alive and we be kickin ' , clickin ' and cluckin ' with glee -- there 's nobody here but we crow -- mack / flo / dag mockingbird ! nightingale ! chicken ! all nothin ' but bird who be free ! spotlight frame flo and mack : '' never try to clip my wing . '' she cuddle he . he 's embarrassed , try to play to crowd . flo found a mate -- Worth the wait -- he just might domesticate I ... mack bird , let 's fight back ! ( flo peck he take the night bac . ( another love - beck dlaaca avaneca not ~peck} ha riaht hack 78 . surrender to flo 's embrace , mack gesture '' move the spot - light ! the light move to dag and penny : '' if I could fly . '' dag & penny now you and I be finally together , bird of a feather , we will never say goodbye ... and it 's guarantee we will never need to fly . they peck -- and the curtain rise to reveal the Band , the chorusbird , Red , mack , flo , Homer , cocky , even the peacock . red ( operatically ) we be -- here -- with -- the ... all nightbirds ! here we be allow to be nightbird , yeah and we be proud to be nightbird , stay up some night and see ... that daybird be okay bird , but no third be the right bird to be ! peacock ( off the beat ) .- to be ! mack ( roll he eye ) pea-brain . ( wave to camera ) th-th - th - that 's all folk ! Iris out . the end