brigsby bear Story by Kyle Mooney screenplay by Kevin costello & Kyle Mooney vhs static nostalgic , disorient . give way to -- warbled lo- fi tone of a 80s kide 's tv theme . triumphant , inspiring . like something we have hear before ... but it 's not . it 's -- '' brigsby bear adventure '' - open credit through a combination of cheap live -action set and amateurish ( yet vividly detailed ) matte painting , animation and puppetry , we be treat to : -a rickety spaceship approach a cluster of colored planet . - pink cloud part , revealing a lush waterfall oasis surround by sand dune . rainbow sunset on the horizon . -brigsby bear wave hello from he cabin under the waterfall . he stand upright , with a cheerful animatronic expression . -past adventure flash by : distant land , strange creature , enemy , ally , triumph , defeat , kingdom , space and -- click . fast-forward ... for a while ... then -- grand temple chamber - the climax ! - night brigsby be chained to a vine-cover stone wall , which shake ( in -camera ) , raining dust and debris ! brigsby the temple 's collapse ! arielle , Nina -- use you power ! across the chamber , also chain up : the smile sister . adult twin in match blue dress and headband . arielle have a blonde ponytail , nina pigtail . they close they eye and concentrate . Magic sparkle surround they ... but nothing happen . the sparkles fade . arielle smile it 's Sun snatcher , brigsby ! diabolical laughter boom from above . they look up through a open in the temple to see -- a sinister animated face among the star . SUN snatcher . SUN snatcher perish , brigsby bear ! brigsby 's eyebrow drop , contemplative . brigsby the star be out ...? ( eyebrow shoot up ) the vine ! remember ? they release invisi-toxin at sundown . that mean - — - nina / arielle smile we be only imagine ! brigsby look down at he chain , which be now vine . he break free , pick up a crystal and raise it ... brigsby I summon the power of light ! the crystal glow -- SUN snatcher nooooco0000000 ! -- and release a massive ENERGY blast ! but the Sun snatcher disappear just in time . ( echoing from beyond ) I ' 1l get you next time , bear ! the shaking stop . the dust settles ... nina / arielle smile you do it brigsby ! but brigsby look down , dishearten . brigsby we be safe for now , but ... I let the whole galaxy down . we ride out a oddly silent , contemplative beat ... and pull out to reveal we be watch on a -- ' 19 vcr -built -in tv - kid 's bedroom ( ? ) - day reverse on : jame ( 20 , messy hair ) on the floor , captivate . reflection of the tv glow in he glass . finally , brigsby look up . brigsby ( frustrated ) I do not get it . the prophecy say : if we activate the sortis Crystal inside the temple , we could destroy Sun snatcher . Nina put she hand on brigsby 's shoulder , reassure . arielle smile perhaps there 's a lesson here , brigsby ... the smile sister turn to we . nina smile when solving for x on a one dimensional plane , where minus one by the magnitude of one equal minus x -- James whisper along like he 's hear it a hundred time : -- always solve for the vector be ! arielle smile that 's linear chaos . brigsby of course ! brigsby tap he wrist transponder , which make a hologram . that 's why we could not defeat snatcher -- he vector path be a parabolic orbit ! Nina smile look like she have no idea what 's go on . nina smile yep ... that 's it . brigsby turn to the camera . brigsby until we next adventure , remember -- ( lower ) prophecy be meaningless . trust only you familial unit and please discard leftover food ration in the yellow bin , not the red one -- James hit stop . Automatic tape eject . static ... he stare a moment , think it over ... then -- jame ( sotto ) that 's it ! he go to he desk and open a 90 laptop . as he type , we take a long look around ... cover the wall be poster of brigsby bear character include a prominent late - teens arielle smile . brigsby figurine and book cover every inch of desk and shelf space . note : like a Star Wars fanatic 's bedroom , but without the accessible charm . everything here have the warpe , homemade quality of the show . James finish type , slide the tape into a illustrate case , then return it to the one wall we have not see yet : floor-to-ceiling shelf of tape just like it . hundred . lo-re webcam - jame 's bedroom James frame himself up as the pixel freeze and start . he adjust he hair , clear he throat . click . jame hey everyone , it 's I , James . first thing , episode 34 , volume 25 -- the recap be up , and there 's a pretty good comment section right now , so check it out . ( pause , nervous ) also -- as some of you know might know , I have be study the old volume of brigsby , go back to the first quest Wars , when we meet the dark evildoer , a-k -a Sun snatcher . obviously , snatcher get away every battle . but brigsby have not give up , and neither have I , and I have some new idea that ... well , I might be on to something big . so stay tune -- ( lean in ) -- until we next adventure . click black '' brigsby bear '' live room - night modest and cozy , with decade - old fixture and appliance . James stand in front of the coffee table , on top of which be a massive fold - out poster board , feature illustration of brigsby and a complicated flow chart with graph and text . jame ( mid-explanation ) ... the trick be , basically , brigsby have to find all the sacred artifact . the sortis crystal , arielle 's amulet , then ... he unfold another section of the presentation board -- a black hole surround by incomprehensible figure . ..- you just have to finda collapse star in a unclaim system ... he turn to the couch , he audience : ted and april . 5as . pleasant , square parent , listen politely . easier say than do , I know , but -- the poster board wobble and fall . James try to set it back up , flustered . ( kid ) guess there 's more gravitational pull from that black hole than I initially calculate ... James force a awkward laugh . Ted and April share a look . dinner table - minute later Ted and April on one side , James on the other . plain pasta steaming . jame so , what do everyone think ? april private avowal first ... James nod . they fold they hand , look down , and mumble incoherently under breath -- a prayer ? but no one 's in sync . then , they word converge : jame / ted / april ..- and may we mind be stronger tomorrow . to finish it off , they stand and exchange formal handshake . jame ( sit back down ) I know there 's still some thing I need to add before I post it , so ... James trail off , sense something in they expression . what be it ? April nod to Ted : say something . Ted slurp he pasta , chew , swallow , clear he throat . ted well , pal . it 's clear a lot of imagination go into it . but the thing be ... I just do not know if any of this be plausible within brigsby 's universe . James take the note . consider it . I mean , you have he use arielle 's amulet against Sun snatcher ? sure , it 's powerful -- it be create by the drumbas -- but , if I remember correctly , it 's also very unstable ... jame yes , but not if you can fold space - time , that 's -- ( frustrated ) I should have explain , that 's why brigsby need arielle 's amulet , so -- april James . he pause , look up at she . april ( gentler ) what you father 's try to say be : we be proud of how smart and talented you be . ( more ) april ( cont 'd ) but all this time you have be spend on the brigsby website , and you project -- we just do not see the point . jame the point ...? James think ... it 's so self - evident it 's hard to articulate . ted well , I have hear it 's start to take some pretty unique narrative risk . april Ted , we talk about this . jame I just ... we all want to know what 's go to happen , in the end . april which be fine , as a distraction , every once in a while . that we could understand ; it 's healthy . but we can not have thing like this -- she hold up a hand - make poster : first ever brigsby bear fan meet -up ! !!! feature : James , brigsbyfanl , brigsbyfan2 and brigsbygirl where : James 's house James take it and fold it up , defensive . jame it 's just a idea ... april well , it 's not realistic . you could be use this time and energy to further you study , or solve the vansmithe conjecture -- she gesture to a equation on a nearby chalkboard : ax = ax jame I try already ... april and we will keep try . jame but it 's impossible ! and it 's stupid ... ted temper , James ... jame I know , sorry . it 's not stupid ... ( mumble to himself ) ..- but there 's no variant subspace parameter , so even if you want to it would be impossible , plus I do not see you blockhead solving it ... april we can hear everything you be say , James . my point be , we have come so far , work together . and now we be close to a real breakthrough . ( a beat ) which be why , for a little while , we be go to take a break from brigsby . James expression fall , indignant . jame what ?! april you can watch once a week . James share a desperate look with Ted . ted well , maybe that 's a little harsh ... what about twice ? once to revisit old episode , and once when the new tape come in ? april ( frustrated ) Ted , we have discuss this . once . and that 's that . April unfold she napkin , ready utensil . do not let you noodle get cold . but James just twist they in he fork . jame ( mumble again ) do not even look like food , more like the ransack of shabala ... Ted and April continue eat , ignore he . jame it 's from brigsby . april we know . prelap : knock -knock jame 's bedroom - night James sit in pjs ( fade brigsby shirt ) , stare at the blank space where he tv sit . he turn as Ted open the door , poke he head in . ted hey bud ... ( off James 's silence ) so ... I be think about take a trip out to the pier ? James shrug a soft '' okay . '' hallway door - moment later a large , gold key go into the keyhole , turn . the door open to a small staircase . James follow Ted up to -- '' the pier '' - continuous a small hallway encase by glassed wall and a arched glass ceiling . through they , all around : vast , moon - light desert . James and Ted walk to the end of the pier , where it balloon into a larger glass dome , like a undersea observatory . they take a seat on a bench , look out upon -- a SMALL oasis a few yard ahead : a pond , half surround by shoulder - high palm tree and houseplant in oddly dark soil . also , as Ted point out -- ted they sure come out tonight , huh ? 10 . -- there be several luminescent insect graze and glow around the edge of the water . or rather , they look like insect , but be clearly animatronic . similarly , a fox -like creature stand further away , move its head up and down . ted so , what 's on you mind , pal ? jame I do not know ... I guess , just ... someone out there be make brigsby , right ? and other people , just like we -- we be all watch it , together . it mean something . Ted put he arm around James 's shoulder . ted look at the grazerbug , James . all they need in this world be fresh water and cold moonlight to charge they rectoskeleton . they be here every night , survive , just like we . the difference be , we have dream and imagination , to help we escape . and no one can take that away from you , ever . as James think about that , one of the grazerbug short out . jame 's bedroom - night James look around at all he brigsby stuff ... ted ( 0.s. ) night , James ! power down ! the light flicker and fade . darkness . then , a small flashlight click on . James put it on he desk , angle at the poster of arielle smile . he get in bed , pull up the sheet and quietly masturbate . pre - lap : a warble , distort rooster crow , announce -- jame 's bedroom - dawn sunlight just creep in . James sleepily come to as the artificial crow sound continue , roll over . 11 . from the bed , he have a sideways view through a crack in the window shade . outside , we see -- ted , walk to a dusty ' 89 pontiac bonneville , off to work . rumpled suit , briefcase in hand . also of note : he 's wear a gas mask ( or rather , a fanciful sci- fi approximation of one that look assemble from spare part ) . James just lay there a moment and watch he go . around the house - day - expression absent - James do jump jack , shower , eat oatmeal . - James do lesson with April : graphing a indecipherable physics equation use two computer at once . - James say private avowal at the dinner table . jame 's bedroom - night James lie on he bed , mood unchange , derive little joy . ted ( 0.s. ) 8:30 James ! power down ! the light flicker and fade . darkness . James 's flashlight turn on . hallway - night James slowly open he door , tiptoe down the hallway ... he use a pin to open the lock closet , go inside . when he come out , he 's wear Ted 's gas mask . he press a glow GREEN button next to the front door . it open . he step into -- airlock ( ? ) - continuous a sterile , sci-fi cube of plastic and plexiglass . James press a sequence of button near the exit door . there 's a heavy whoosh , then the door slide open . jame 's roof - night James crawl to the top , find he spot . he look out at the dome of star , the distant mountain . then he see something that make he straighten up ... sudden light , dotting the horizon . 12 . in a line , move . get bigger . flash red and blue . a lo-fi ominous synth pulse to life ... ( a brigsby bear fan would recognize this music from the pla'torian raider ambush in volume 15 . ) James stare , intrigue and amaze and afraid . we can hear siren now . five car at least . april ( 0.s. ) James ?! he snap out of it . jame I know I be not suppose to be out here , but something 's happen ! jame 's house - front hallway - moment later Ted hug James . jame wait , what 's go on though ? ted just remember everything we have teach you , and be strong , okay ? jame ( confuse ) okay ... James straighten he posture . police officer ( 0.s. ) ( megaphone ) we have the compound surround ! leave the child , and come out with you hand on you head ! James look between Ted and April , more confuse than ever . Ted open the airlock to see light in the driveway . silhouett law enforcement . April turn to James , break , apologetic ... april this be not how we plan it ... off jame , dumbfounded , as he parent walk outside . the brigsby music carry we to -- 13. modern police cruiser - driveway - moment later strange , sleek , alien . reflecting river of smooth light . as we approach , a shadowy police officer open the rear door . police cruiser - minute later headlights slice through desert darkness . backseat James ( in he brigsby shirt ) strapped in , shell - shocked . holding tight to a duffle bag . he open he mouth to speak and the music cut out . just the engine and a crackle of radio chatter . he hesitates . jame so ... I take it you guy be from another zone or something ? the young deputy in the passenger seat half - turn he head . deputy we be from the durmott County sheriff 's office . we be gonna take you on over the state border . jame ( ? ) oh. okay . deputy get about a five hour drive , if you want to try and get some shut eye . jame get it ... they pass a lone gas station , and James look out at it . never see anything like it . apprehension building ... ( sarcastic ) so be you guy gonna give I a breathe mask , or be we suppose to just let the poison take over we body ? deputy breathe mask ? 14. jame yeah ... you know if you inhale the air out here you can get traynco disease , right ? the deputy turn around , look at he . deputy uh , look , there 's this detective be work with the family -- he will explain everything . but the bottom line be , you be safe now . and as far as the air go , it 's good to go . no mask need . ( off James 's uncertainty ) I promise , look -- the deputy hit a button and James 's window slide down . wind whip he hair . he hold he breath as long as he can ... then he exhales , breathes in and out ... whoa -- he 's okay . James unbuckle , stick he head outside . look ahead . california freeway - pre-dawn the police cruiser through the suburb . traffic sparse . back seat - pre-dawn James sleep , flat on the seat . stir awake . he look up through the window , see : the CITY of cedar hill , utah - morning grand building gleam early sunlight . a steeple church , a green park , storefront on MAIN STREET . James rub he eye , make sure he 's really awake . police station - moment later they pull into the parking lot of a impressive Spanish mission - style building . music : meeting of the High Council at impossible Tower , brigsby vol. 16 . James step out of the car , stand there . he tilt he head back , awestruck . 15 . entrance - police station - moment later James enter , timid , flanke by police officer . he look around , try to make sense of the environment -- the people , uniform , sound , insignia , technology . at a table : James field question from dr . emily larson . , scribbling note . James look around , overwhelm . omit interrogation room - police station James 's darken reflection in a two - way mirror . sitting at a table , look around , try not to freak out . the door open and he look over , brace himself . a unsure beat as detective vogel enter ... the guy smile . det . vogel James ... he walk over , put a glass bottle of coca - cola on the table . pull out he chair , turn it backward , sit down , relaxed cool - guy style . what be up , my man ? James stare back at he , unsure . that be you name , right ? James ? ( off he shrug ) okay . well , mine 's detective vogel. ( be : Coke ) and that 's for you . figure you could use it . James look between detective Vogel and the bottle , unlock some mystery . readjusts in he chair . if you be thirsty ? Vogel twist off the cap , slide it to he . James lean forward , curious . bubbles fizz . ( realize ) do you ever have soda grow up ? no ? it 's like , a delicious , fizzy beverage . James push the bottle away from he . alright ... a28 16 . jame so , I be a prisoner now ? det . vogel whoa , what ? no . not at all . this be just , I be sorry -- he get up , turn the chair forward , sit back down . det . vogel look , James . I be a friend , okay ? the reason you be here , and the reason I be here , be so I can help you . that 's my job . do that make sense ? James stare back at he a beat ... jame no . Vogel do not quite know what to say . he glance at the mirror . James see it , turn to look as well . behind the two - way mirror deputy bander watch as James search he reflection . expression harsh , arm cross , eyebrow flex in scrutiny . bander this guy 's pretty unstable , huh ? next to bander be Emily , observe . emily actually , give the circumstance , I would say he 's handle all this remarkably well . interrogation room a28 James turn back to Vogel . det . vogel do you know why we come to get you ? he think about it , unsure . jame be it because one time I throw a rock at a gunnerfox ? ( off he confusion ) ( more ) 17 . jame ( cont 'd ) I mean , the soldier just show up , and my mom and dad say I have to be strong , but I do not ...? det . vogel that 's , uh ... okay . let 's talk about you parent . Ted and April -- tell I about they . jame I guess ... they be older , and kind of boring . normal . det . vogel do they have you lock in somewhere ? restrain ? jame I mean ... the door be lock , and the airlock be off limit , because of regulation and stuff . det . vogel do they ever ... touch you ? James think about it . shrug . it 's okay James . jame I mean ... yeah . sometimes , they would grab I , like this -- James take Vogel 's hand ... and shake it , friendly . and they would say , good job on you study , James , we love you . ( then ) it happen a lot . det . vogel right ... okay . but they never hurt you , in any way ? James hesitates , affront . a absurd question . jame they be my mom and dad . det . vogel so ... you never try to leave ? 18 . jame I just figure with the quarantine , you know ? no , Vogel do not . but he nod anyway . look he over . det . vogel who 's that on you shirt there ? James just stare at he a moment , shrug . obviously -- jame it 's brigsby . actually write on he shirt : '' it 's brigsby ! '' Vogel wait for further explanation , but there be none . he pause a beat , not sure where to start . det . vogel okay . well , James ... we have get a few thing to go over . about you , and you life , and ... existence , in general . he push the soda back over . first , Coke . I keep a stash in my mini-fridge , for guest . I think you will like it . James consider the bottle -- bright , dewy , invite . he bring it to he lip , sip cautiously , and ... whoa. amazing . unlike anything he 's ever taste . take he a second to process it . jame um ... so ... what be this place ? music : Space jump to the shadow galaxy , brigsby vol . 20 . hallway - police station - morning James float , time slowed , shell - shocked . look like he get a answer to he question and then some . deputy bander hold a door open , eying he . James turn , stop in the doorway , look inside -- 19 . meeting room - police station - continuous three stranger stand wait to meet he . louise pope ( 5as ) and greg pope ( 5as ) , hold each other close , expression of cautious elation . but one look at James and the floodgates open . they embrace he , fight tear . greg pope I know it ... Louise Pope gesture for AUBREY pope ( 17 ) to join they . considerably less emotional , aubrey add a half - ass comforting hand to the mix . police station - parking lot - minute later surrounded by reporter and tv cameras . as James exit the building with the pope , they surge forward . moment later , James stand with the pope , they arm around he , give emotional interview to a female reporter . James watch the interaction , try to make sense of it . then it occur to James that someone be speak to he . music cut . James look at the reporter . jame I , uh ... I do not ... what ? the reporter smile , kind , patient . female reporter James , we know you have be through so , so much ; how do it feel to finally be back where you belong ? the reporter put the microphone closer to he . James look at it , confuse , then take it from she . he awkwardly hold it away from he face . jame I do not think , that ... it 's a different reality than what I think . so , that 's ... the reporter guide the mic toward he mouth . ( loudly ) ..- and everything 's really big . James look to the reporter for a response . she just smile , take the mic and turn back to the camera . 20 . reporter well , there you have it . miss for over two decade , little James Pope finally return home . pope household - front foyer - day Big , modern , expensive . Natural light pour in from everywhere . the front door open . greg Pope step aside , gesture '' you first '' to James . he readjust the duffle bag strap , timid . then he step inside . take it all in . the family dog ( a big poodle mix , melvin ) trot over to James , excited . James dodge he , freak out . louise pope oh , I be sorry , I mean to put melvin outside . she corral the dog , petting he , settling he down . he 's nice , I promise . see ? James study melvin , not quite believe what he 's see . jame it 's a lot bigger than the Gunnerfoxe , but also very friendlier . climbing the stair - moment later James follow greg and Louise Pope , look at various family photo on the wall . greg pope bathroom 's just down the hall on the right , across from aubrey 's room . and this one 's all yours ... he open the door to -- jame 's new room - continuous a plain guest room . bed , end table , white wall . dresser with a small flat screen tv on top . greg pope so , whaddya think ? James hold tight to he duffle bag , unsure . 21 . louise pope James , we just want you to know ... we do not expect any of this to be easy . we know it 's go to take time to get comfortable , and settle into everything , and that 's okay . greg pope right , and this be you space -- you '' chill zone '' -- where you can be by yourself , whenever you want . louise pope or , if you want to talk about life , or what 's next ? well , we can do that too . but they say we should take thing slow . so , just know ... she catch herself , tear form . every day you be go , it be like a piece of we heart be miss . and now it 's whole again . she hug James tight . we love you so , so much . James look at greg Pope over she shoulder , uncomfortable . jame okay ... James disengage . Louise Pope step back , cautious . uh ... thanks . and he gently close the door on they . dine room - pope household - evening greg and Louise Pope , aubrey and James sit around the table , plate up slice of pizza . James inspect he , curious . greg Pope raise he beer , a toast . 22 . greg pope well , James , I just want to say -- we could not be happier that you be finally here with we , and I can not think of a better way to say '' welcome back '' than with one of we favorite tradition -- ( corny italian accent ) -- ah pizza pie ! aubrey ignore he , texting . Louise smile . louise pope be there anything you have like to say , James ? James hesitates . jame oh , yeah -- sorry . James bow he head and begin to mumble he private avowal . it take a while ... then : ..- and may we mind be stronger tomorrow . James stand . he shake Louise Pope 's hand , then greg Pope 's . aubrey refuse , weird out . then he sit back down . no one look like they have any idea what just happen , but -- greg pope well , great . thank you , James . ( grasp ) what do think about that , aub ? pretty cool , huh ? aubrey glance up , disdainful . James start in on he pizza . greg pope so ... hey , you know what ? we should make the list ! remember , we talk about this ? we can do a list of all of we favorite stuff , that James have not get to do yet . then we can do they all , together . louise pope oh , that 's right ! I love that idea . do that sound fun , James ? James finish chew a mouthful , shrug . 23. greg pope and I guess pizza 's the first thing we can cross off ! on AUBREY : not eat , eyeing James , gross out . greg pope what do you think , aub ? what should we put on the list ? what be some of you favorite thing ? AUBREY I do not know ... I guess , act like real people , and have normal conversation , that be not super force and weird . I like that . greg pope ( undeterred ) you know , actually , I do think that 's a great idea -- I have love for you and James to sit down , talk , get to know each other . aubrey look at James , consider the prospect ... AUBREY yeah , we will definitely have to get together some time ... James say nothing . Louise Pope feel out the awkward silence , then -- louise pope oh , I know -- swim ! greg pope sure . there you go . in a pool , at the beach . what else ? surfing , maybe ? start with a boogie board , obviously . and actually , now that I be think about it , should probably learn to swim , before any of that , so ... louise pope .-- boat ? Sea life , aquarium , whale watch . AUBREY why be you both so all about the ocean right now ? it 's like freaking he out . 24 . James look between they , silent , unsure . greg pope I 'il tell you what . we ’1ll put the list together . and we will balance it out with plenty of land activity . and then , James , you can choose what you want to do . James nod okay . thinks about it ... jame I , uh ... I guess I have just like to watch the new brigsby tape , if that 's okay ? greg pope brigsby tape ? jame yeah . the new one . greg and Louise Pope share a glance , unsure . greg pope I be not sure I know what that be . James half - chuckle , think it 's a joke . jame yeah ... but seriously , do it come yet ? neither aubrey nor greg nor Louise Pope know what to say . laptop screen - minute later a google search bar : '' brigsby bear adventure . '' enter . we be in the live room . James look over greg Pope 's shoulder as he scroll , try to make sense of the flood of information on the screen . greg pope I do not know , James ... I be not see it anywhere . jame what be all this stuff ? 25 . greg pope the internet ? anything you want to find out about , you can find it on here . there 's some bad stuff too , but , well , we do not have to get into that ... anyway . let 's check Wikipedia . jame I think I have that '' internet '' on my fold computer ? it have the brigsby forum -page , and there be hundred of member from different zone . everyone watch it . greg pope do you know the web address ? ( off he confusion ) the thing you type up here ? jame oh , yeah . brigsbytalk-dot-star-star - star-46-dot-14-dot-46-dot-14-dot-46 - dot-14-dot-online . six . greg look confuse as he type it . '' unknown address . '' James put he hand on he head , frustrated . live room - moment later James bound down the stair , brigsby tape in hand . jame look ! see ? it be deliver to we supply drop every week . he show they the case , indicate -- brigsby bear adventure , volume 14 , episode thirty , '' make friend with the wizzle . '' greg look at the amateur artwork of brigsby bear surround by furry little friend . greg and Louise Pope share a glance . greg pope oh ... kay . cool. well , hey -- we ’1ll figure this out . but for now , there 's a bunch of other tv show we can watch , if you want ? James tilt he head , intrigue . 26 . jame so they do make other one ? live room - minute later on they 70 inch tv : a digital guide show hundred of channel . greg pope see , all this come from a satellite . there 's lot of good stuff on , like ... he flip past a cop drama . Police officer ... then a sitcom . funny family ... a cooking show . Fancy cake . then you get the music choice channel . this one 's party jam . ( disco play ) do you like music ? jame oh , yeah , I know music . my dad -- I mean , my first dad -- he be a original member of the beatler . greg pope ( what ? ) oh. very cool . uh , here -- greg hand James the remote . you can use this button to scroll , this one to select . James try it out , fly past hundred of option . he select one : the news . news anchor ( tv ) tonight , a incredible story out of Utah -- a young man reunite with he family , 25 year after be abduct from Cedar Hills Memorial Hospital as a infant . 27 . on tv : side-by-side mugshot of Ted and April . greg pope maybe we should try something else ... greg Pope take the remote back , flustered . he fumble with it , hit the wrong button . news anchor ( tv ) the alleged kidnapper be a former City College professor , April mitchum , and she husband Ted , the artist and designer behind the wildly popular 80s toy , terrence the Tiger . on tv : 80s news footage of crowd in a toy store fight over a limited supply of teddy ruxpin-esque talk Tigers . the couple be be charge with felony kidnap and imprisonment -- the screen go off , leave James 's reflection , stare . a uncomfortable beat . James take a step backward . jame so ... I think it 's my bedtime , cuz you probably need to turn off the generator soon , right ? louise pope oh -- well , we do not really have bedtime here , but you can go to you room whenever you would like . Louise smile reassuringly . greg nod , nothing of substance to add , but -- greg pope we be on a electrical grid . James nod as though he understand that . louise pope whatever rule you have before , do not worry about that . thing be different here . James scoff nervously . jame yeah . they be . 28 . he slip out of the room . upstair hallway - moment later James step to the top , pause . he hear something -- muffled synth -y music emanate from aubrey 's room . James take a couple step closer , intrigue . then she door handle turn and start to open ... James freeze , not sure what to do . aubrey step out of she room , see he . jame uh , sorry . ( then ) I like that rhythm . he spin awkwardly , go to he door , shut himself in . aubrey shake she head . AUBREY so weird . jame 's new bedroom - minute later James inspect he tv , brigsby tape in hand . but there 's nowhere to put it . time CUT : James channel surf past : a infomercial , a military recruitment ad , a body spray commercial , c-span . he land on a trashy e! reality show . on screen : two woman yell at each other , follow by -- reality talking head denise need to realize , if she want this restaurant to take off , she have to play by my rule . James turn it off . he just sit , alone , think ... then the corner of he mouth turn down . his lip quiver . like it 's all just now start to hit he . he shrink back into he bed , pull he knee up to he chest . omit pope household - jame 's bedroom - day daylight through the draw shade of James 's window . Neighborhood sound below -- a car drive by , a dog bark . 29 . James step over , timid . pull the shade aside just enough to sneak a peak at the strange world below ... pope household - hallway - day greg Pope come up the stair to James 's door . he hesitates for a moment , listen -- nothing . he knock , concerned . greg pope James ? you alright in there , bud ? you do not come down for breakfast . we make a quiche . that 's like a pie sort of , but with egg and stuff . a beat -- no response . well , hey -- I take the day off , so I be think maybe we could have some fun ? I have get a surprise plan . how do that sound ? another beat , then the door crack OPEN . James peer through , intrigue ... single -screen movie theater - afternoon on the marquee : '' now show : hockey High '' greg Pope and James approach on the sidewalk . movie theater lobby - moment later Old pattern carpet , neons , poster , display . James walk inside as though one might a cathedral , look around in awe . James take a line of one - sheet , carefully absorb they as though one might great work of art . he stop at one of a man in drag hold up a gun and a police badge . James chuckle , shake he head . greg Pope watch he , not sure what to make of he son . theater - moment later James walk in , popcorn and soda in hand , look around . light dim and the screen glow . James look up , transfixed . Music : treasure of the ancient , brigsby vol. 12 . he drift toward the front row . find a seat in the middle . mouth agape , glass glow . Religious awe . 30 . ice -rink - on screen ( 45 minute into the movie ) follow a helmete kid , move the puck down the ice , juking some underdog hockey kide , and scoring . nerd hockey kid who be this guy ? the helmeted kid hockey -stop , spraying up ice , then take off the helmet , revealing ... long blonde hair . chubby hockey kid a girl ? the team can not believe it ! and neither can James , in he seat , completely blow away by this narrative development . jame whoa ... James continue to watch , but the sound and picture fade out . familiar voice ( 0.c. ) ( whisper ) James ... do he really just hear that ? James spin to find : brigsby bear , sit in the seat behind he . James can not believe it . jame brigsby ? ( then ) you know my name ? brigsby I be transport to the inbetween - verse , James ! I be trap ! the movie screen go bright white , illuminate -- the theater , empty . a otherworldly mist rise . James look freak out . jame what 's happen ? brigsby tap he wrist transponder , produce a hologram . 31 . brigsby it 's the pla'torian ... they must have intercept my dimensional transmission . we be not safe here . ( spring up ) follow I ! James and brigsby run toward the movie screen . behind they , the projector lens start to spin like a gatling gun , fire burst of color lasers ! ( the sound and visual effect here be of the same quality as '' brigsby bear adventure . " ) follow brigsby 's lead , James jump inside -- the movie screen - infinite white they run , dodging laser all around they . brigsby you be right about how to defeat the Sun snatcher , James . but we do not have much time . brigsby start to dissolve , fade into white static . you be the only one who can stop he now ! find the sortis Crystal , James ! find arielle smile ! the fate of we world depend on it ! brigsby disappear . color return to the world around he . patterened carpet - movie theater lobby - continuous James stand there , catch he breath . greg pope ( 0.s. ) James ? James ! James spin to see greg Pope run up to he , worried . greg pope be you okay ? James smile , still processing it . jame okay ? that be amazing ! 32 . greg pope you start run around , shouting some kind of ... weird stuff pretty loudly ? jame yeah it be so fun ! greg Pope touch he hand to James 's forehead . greg pope you feel okay ? you do not have a fever or anything ? jame I feel great . ( to everyone in the lobby ) i_love movie ! emily 's office - morning Big , bright and pleasant . James sit on the couch , exuberance unabate . flanking he be greg and Louise Pope , smile hopefully . jame .». and remember when the ice warrior get they new armor ? and the one with the glass -- the Little Eddie ? -- when it be too big , it do not even fit ? across from they in a chair : emily . expression warm . oh ! and when the one call gordo eat all that cake and slip and fall on he backside ? ( to greg Pope ) remember ? greg pope sure , yeah . pretty funny ... jame yeah , it be different from brigsby ' cause there be not any spell and it be only one adventure , but the screen be so big ! Louise want to respond but hesitates , look to Emily for the okay . Emily nod . 33 . louise pope that sound so cool , and so big , but hey -- since you bring up brigsby , maybe that 's something we should all talk about ? emily I think that 's a great idea . thank you , Mrs. Pope . jame wait , who be you ? she smile , patient . emily my name 's Emily , remember ? jame no , I know , but what 's -- ( gesture vaguely ) -- this ? have a meeting with you , here ? what 's go on ? emily well , James , since you be go through such a confusing transition at the moment , you parent and I think it might help if I drop by every once a while so we could just ... talk . jame about movie ? emily sure . or , you know , any emotion you might be experience , try to adapt to a very new , very different environment . and , hey -- she shrug like it 's a chill plan off the top of she head . ... develop a plan to help you through it . jame okay , but why , though ? emily because ... that 's what I do ; I help people . 34 . James roll he eye , frustrated . jame everyone say they be try to help I , but nobody can find the new episode of brigsby ! emily ( choose she word ) right . let 's take a step back . let 's talk about brigsby bear adventure . jame wait , you know it ? emily you parent and I have learn quite a lot about it , actually . include some thing that you should know . James tilt he head , intrigue . jame like what ? emily first of all , there be not a new brigsby this week . James look between greg and Louise Pope , unsure . jame that 's ... impossible . emily James , the way you be raise , you do not even realize you be be hold captive . and this people you think be you parent -- you need to understand , this be not good people . they go to great length to placate you , but it be all just ... a elaborate illusion . do that make sense ? James twist he face up skeptically . 35 . jame uh ... I know that this society be kind of different from what they say , but ... what do that have to do with brigsby ? emily let 's take a step back here , James . now , the way the police find you be , someone spot Ted go into a warehouse about 40 mile away from where he be hold you captive . the day they come to get you , they also go into that warehouse . Inside , they find prop , puppet , costume and a television set of a cabin . do you see where I be go with this ? James eye go wide . jame brigsby stuff ? emily from what we can tell -- jame ( excited ) my dad actually get to go there ? greg Pope 's throw off by that phrasing ... emily James , Ted mitchum -- you captor -- he go there several time a week . he be the one make the show . James work it through . his eye go somewhere distant . James ? he snap out of it , find the word -- jame ( psyched ) yes ! he know brigsby - -? I mean , he make it ? that 's ... that 's great ! Louise Pope look between greg Pope and Emily , unsure . uh-oh. 36 . greg pope um , James -- I think you be miss the larger context here -- jame cameras and character ? emily there 's still a lot we be try to figure out , but -- jame hold on ... he be the one who decide what brigsby would do next ? emily that 's right . jame have they decide who 's go to take over do it ? emily ( ? ) no one 's '' take over do it . '' you be the only one who 's ever see this show . jame but I have friend who watch it , on the brigsby fan forum , on my computer ? emily well , the computer at you old house be run on a close network , so any content there we can assume be create by Ted and April . jame you mean brigsby boyl , brigsby boy2 , brigsby boy3 -- they be not real ? emily I be sorry , James . no. James think a beat ... jame what about brigsbygirl ? 37 . Emily look a tad incredulous . she gesture '' sorry . '' James be bum . a little embarrassed . we be gonna meet up someday ... James readjust on the couch . sink into it . emily I know this be not easy , James . and there be go to be strong emotion associate with this . like today , when you be overstimulated at the movie theater . but that 's why I be here , to help you figure thing out . louise pope that 's right , sweetie . and we be excited to help , too ! we be gonna have so much fun together , get you back on track , you will not even remember some old tv show . James do not respond , lose in he thought . emily what do you think , James ? do you have any other question ? jame yeah -- who make hockey High ? Emily be not expect that . she look to greg Pope . greg pope um ... I think it 's the guy who do '' Mr. bachelor , '' right ? be that what it be call ? Louise shrug . jame do he do all the movie ? greg pope uh , no -- lot of people make lot of different movie . a beat as James consider that , put something together ... jame can anyone do it ? 38 . the brigsby theme begin to build , carry to -- omit jame 's room - night door : close . laptop : open . James sit , eye fix with purpose . he google : '' how ... to ... make ... a... movie ... show '' his finger hover over the enter key , drop . on screen : a super fast - forward of James 's internet deep dive : film history , star , equipment , studio , set , effect . James 's eye dart , consume everything . jame 's room - day James drop a stack of library book on he desk : '' Film directing . '' '' the Art of storyboard '' '' the North american Grizzly bear . '' later -- James close the grizzly book with a thud . worthless . move it aside , grab '' practical Visual Effects . '' jame 's room - night James finish a crude storyboard on notebook paper : brigsby jump off a cloud , a Sun soldier chase he . James tape it to the wall , next to several other . we track along the length of the wall , revealing -- the room be cover in storyboard , floor to ceiling . James lean back in he chair , assess it all , proud . there 's a knock , and he turn to he door . open it to find : AUBREY , who do not look very happy . AUBREY ( force ) hey . James stand there , unsure whether to respond . aubrey roll she eye . 39 . AUBREY so , I be go to we school 's football game with some people , and if you want to come with I , to that , you be invite . ( lower , a suggestion ) but you definitely do not have to , if you be too busy , sleep , or ... ( look into he room ) decorate , or whatever it be you have be do in here . James tilt he head , confuse . jame be that the thing with the mask guy , they get mad at each other ? AUBREY yeah , it 's pretty stupid . jame so , should I -- you do want I to come to it ? louise pope ( 0.s. ) ( listen from the stair ) aubrey ... AUBREY ( sigh ) yeah , I guess . AUBREY 's shitty mazda - night park at the curb of another house . aubrey sit driver , finish a text . James in the back . on James , AUBREY so , look ... mom and dad say I have to invite you , because you have be in you room so much , and they think you should socialize with people , or whatever . also , they threaten to take my car away , which be some bullshit , but . in the back seat . jame '' bullshit ? '' 40 . AUBREY bullshit . yes . jame oh . AUBREY we be not go to the game . jame we be not ? AUBREY this kid 's parent be out of town , so a bunch of people be hang out . it 's not a big deal , but for some reason , greg and Louise always freak out , just because of this one time the cop come and I have to go to a court thing . James stare back at she , confuse . do not stare at people like that when we be there , okay ? be normal . ( James adopt a '' normal '' posture ) and do not tell anyone how old you be . or that we be related . jame should ... I go back to my room ? AUBREY what do I just tell you ? they think we be go to the game and get food after . ( off he uncertainty ) it will be like four , five hour max . the passenger door open and merideth get in . merideth what 's up what 's up ... AUBREY hey , sorry . 41 . merideth it 's cool . ( turn , to James ) hey , I be merideth . James tense up . jame hi ... AUBREY that 's James . merideth yeah , I see you on the news , man . crazy . she shove he playfully . he 's not sure what to say . so ... you like Cedar Hills ? James think about it . offer -- jame I like movie . merideth laugh . merideth yeah , exactly . prelap : bass - heavy party jam . house party - lawn teenager approach from all direction . Cars choke the street and driveway . James follow aubrey and merideth , nervous . aubrey turn -- AUBREY just ... do you own thing , okay ? before James can put together a response , they be -- inside the music . the crowd . yelling , laugh , swarm . merideth and aubrey say hi ( ad - lib ) to some friend . James watch a couple dancing , try to make sense of it . spencer yo! 42. spencer ( 18 ) weave through the crowd , hand up for double high - fives . finally ! AUBREY I know ... aubrey reciprocate . merideth medium - fives he , less into it . James clock : he have a spaceship on he shirt . spencer so , what 's up ? AUBREY ( walk past he ) just , you know , do shit . Spencer nod , sincere . spencer right on . ( after she ) keg 's 's in the kitchen ! merideth Spence , you get any shit on you ? spencer I do not , but Logan 's around somewhere . merideth tight . who be this people ? she squeeze past he . spencer alright , see you out there . then Spencer see : James stand a few foot way , unsure . spencer hey man . Spencer . James stare a beat , nervous . then , too-quiet -- jame be that some kinda bear speeder ? spencer ( lean in ) what 's that ? 43 . another song come on , louder . James step over -- jame ( yell ) that some kinda bear speeder or stealodrone Rider ? on you shirt ? spencer oh , yeah , dude , some Trek shit . James nod . jame I be James . ( then ) my parent steal I , but I still think they be pretty cool . spencer tight ... you need a beer ? house party - kitchen - moment later packed with people , wall - to- wall , orbit the keg . James navigate the mess , timid , follow Spencer . squeezy around a couple make out against the wall . Spencer see a friend prepare to do a keg-stand , and another filming it on he phone . spencer send I that ! I need that ! the crowd surge and cheer as the keg-stand begin , force James back against the wall . crowd co-ry ! co-ry ! co-ry ! then into the corner . trapped . he see a OPEN door and duck for it , panicked . escape to -- back deck - continuous James stumble outside , shut the door behind he . smaller crowd out here , quieter . he catch he breath . sit at the patio table , survey the scene -- on the other side of the deck : a couple bros eye he . one say something to the other . they laugh . 44 , James do not know what to do , so -- jame ( loud ) I be James ... really great clothes ! the bros laugh even harder . James turn away , embarrassed . he take a deep breath , uneasy . Spencer step outside , red cup in hand . spencer hey man . everything cool ? jame yeah ... just meeting some people . Spencer notice the bros , continue to laugh . spencer oh ... yeah , man -- I do not even know who that dude be , but they look like dick . jame yeah ...? spencer totally . do not even worry about it . James nod , relax a bit . smile . jame I say I like they clothes , but really I like my clothes a bit more . Spencer laugh . spencer yeah , totally , man that shirt 's hilarious . Spencer hand James a beer . so ... you be aubrey 's ... brother , person , right ? James consider whether to answer ... ( more ) 45 . spencer ( cont 'd ) I hear you be basically inside one house , like , you whole life ? James shrug , guard . jame I go on the roof sometimes . spencer ( smile ) Nice , man . good call . Spencer raise he cup . James mimic he . cheer , dude . to , uh ... ( think about it ) have you see porn yet ? ( off he confusion ) to pornography . and videogame . and like , million of other ... awesome shit . jame yes , to all that ... thing . they sip . and James immediately sprays it everywhere . Spencer laugh , wiping himself off . spencer oh , shit ! sorry , man . that 's cool . jame I think it be like soda . James clear he throat , determine . tries another gulp . cough it up . back deck - later fully raging , music louder . a few other people stand around James and Spencer , drink , smoking . include merideth and logan , extremely high , digging through a baggie of pill . James look looser now . buzze , likely . jame ( rattles off ) ..- but this be before the collapse of the third federation , where everything change , and brigsby become a outlaw . but he 's stilla good guy , even though he have to work with the stardust bandit . 46 . logan wait , what be we even talk about here -- like , a train bear ? jame yeah , brigsby ? he 's train in space combat , puzzle - solving , quest . and I guess he also allow you to be the best version of yourself via a series of instructional life lesson . plus , do I tell you about the rainbow eye ? merideth how do the rainbow eye work ? jame oh , great question . they be just -- whenever you need a rainbow . merideth ( smile at he ) that 's insane . I love it . Logan offer the baggie to Spencer , deep in think . spencer oh , I be good man . ( pass it ) so , okay -- how many episode ? jame 25 volume , 736 episode , total . spencer Holy shit ... jame yeah , I have get some old tape if you ever want to see it ? spencer dude , yes ! that have be dope as shit . jame yes , it 's ... dope as shit . jame and then there 's gonna be a movie too , but it 's not do yet , ' cause I be make it and I just start . 47 . spencer whoa , seriously ? cool . be you gonna use all the original shit ? James consider that ... merideth ( be : baggie ) hey James , you want one ? jame yes ! merideth do this -- she stick out she tongue . James do it too . she place the pill , swallow , and James follow suit . jame thank you . I love opto-pills . merideth laugh , give he a hug . house party - live room - 30 - 45 minute later music up . merideth and James dance among the partier , exuberant . but James look a little unstable , overwhelm . freaking out , sense overwhelm . she lead he to -- house party - empty guest room - minute later merideth open the door , hold James 's hand , lead he inside . she sit he down on the edge of the bed . merideth there you go . here , drink this . she hand he a glass of water , sit next to he . a beat of silence ... muffled music from the other room . James struggle to keep he eyelid open , mind racing . merideth do not worry , my first time roll be intense too . but once you just relax and go with it , you be good . James nod , unsure . more silence . there 's probably a lot of stuff you have never do , huh ? 48 . jame yeah , I guess . merideth have you ever be with a girl ? jame ( unsure ) oh , yeah , on the internet , but it be actually just my first parent play trick on I . merideth ( smile ) you be like , a actual interesting person . jame oh ... merideth everyone around here be like , the same . bore , you know ? James nod , uncomfortable . merideth look at he , smile ... then she lean in and kiss James , spilling he water . stun , he sort of kiss she back , heart pound . merideth run she hand down to James 's waistline , reach into he pants ... James do not know what to do so he awkwardly put he hand in the air . jame uh ... thank you . that 's very nice . then the world slow down . sound get murkier , object blurrier . James look around , daze , freaking out . then he spring up -- jame okay , bye . -- and exit the room . house party - hallway - continuous James stumble out , zipping up he pants , fall awkwardly into the wall . it catch the attention of -- AUBREY James . 49 , she come over , help he stabilize . whoa , hey , you need to chill , okay ? you be embarrassing I right now . jame okay , sorry ... James push past she , head to the -- back porch - moment later James run through the crowd , past Spencer , and jump off the porch into the grass . spencer yo , James , where be you go ? jame thanks for beer ! he run into the backyard , disappear into the tree . spencer what the hell ...? jame , running - continuous he dodge branch and jump shrubbery , on a mission . Music : the Festival fortuno , brigsby vol. 20 . then James come upon a clearing in the tree ... he slow down , stop . look around . Erie , moon - light . James tread carefully . spencer ( 0.s. ) James ! hold on , man ...! James turn , listen ... he hear far-off diabolical laughter . get louder and louder until -- SUN snatcher James ! above a small hill , the SUN snatcher appear in the sky ! his treacherous voice boom -- where be you even go , man ? James back away , terrify . 50 . jame Sun snatcher ! he turn , run . SUN snatcher ( laugh ) how be you possibly this waste right now ? James keep go . SUN snatcher dude , do you get dome from merideth ? jame stay away from I , snatcher ! he trip down a small hill into a mound of dirt . he 's clearly fine , but he flail around dramatically . oh no ! tricksand ! ( to himself ) gotta find something to hold onto ! off the high tension of this cliffhanger -- jame - shoot awake ! - morning he sit up , panicked . he calm down , realize -- he 's on a couch , in a bedroom that be not he . around the room : empty bottle and red cup , comic and movie art , frame poster , book , and even a small shelf of cool action figure ... spencer be on he laptop , editing party footage with music and meme-type . James watch the screen a moment , intrigue . jame where be I ? Spencer turn around , see he . spencer oh , hey , man ... you be still at my place . aubrey handle it with you parent , so all good . 51 . jame what happen ? spencer well , you try to drink beer . then you start take molly and you get pretty light . James rub he eye , look into the adjacent bathroom . where we see brigsby , kneel next to the toilet , vomit . jame ( snap out of it ) I be really sorry , Mr. Spencer .... spencer no , man -- it 's all good . you can just call I Spence . he get up , look around . jame be this stuff from a show ? spencer ah , yeah , sort of . show , movie , video game , comic . stop in front of Spencer 's laptop video editing screen . jame whoa ... what be this ? spencer oh , yeah , just some bullshit . he open another video window , click play . I also do , like , time - lapse stuff . on screen : a sunset , then a whirl of darken color as the camera tilt skyward , rotate with bright starlight . James stare at the screen , blow away . spencer yeah , I do not know , I be still learn . might do some stuff with it in college , maybe . I do not know . anyway ... ( close the laptop ) so wait , dude -- do you hook up with merideth though , or what ? jame oh , I do not know ... she put the hand inside of the pants ? spencer what ! she be hot , dude ! that 's sick ! jame ( bashful - brag ) yeah , we like it . Spencer crack up . spencer 's truck - pope driveway - morning James hand Spencer a stack of tape through he window . jame so , this be in order from volume 14 to 20 -- that 's when it start to get really good . and this one be ... I guess , they be my favorite . Spencer inspect one of the case . spencer whoa , be Donald duck in this shit ? Spencer indicate a weird Donald duck knockoff on the cover , in a spacecraft . jame what ? no , that 's goody Goose . he 's the top pilot in the starsquad Alliance . spencer oh. well , he look a lot like Donald duck . ( off James ) he 's a popular cartoon character . jame it 's not . it 's goody Goose . spencer right on ... ( then ) ( more ) 53 . spencer ( cont 'd ) well hey , dude -- it be cool meeting you . good luck with ... you know , the world and everything . jame yeah ... thanks . spencer I will just give this back to aub or whatever . cool ? James nod , unsure . jame cool ... Spencer wave , drive off . James watch he go . police station - det . vogel 's office - day Vogel , at he desk , review a document . James sit across from he , wait patiently . vogel so , James -- what 's this for , exactly ? jame it 's a list of everything for the brigsby movie I be make ? I need all the camera from my old dad 's brigsby set , all the prop and costume and stuff . oh -- also , I need to find the smile sister , whoever they be in real life . and whoever do the voice of brigsby bear , obviously . ( off he hesitation ) you guy have all the stuff , right ? det . vogel we do , yes -- but it 's evidence in a ongoing investigation . jame okay , so ... after that ? det . vogel after that , it 's police property . James hesitates , frustrated . find the word . 54 . jame but ... the story of brigsby bear be not finish , and I be the only one who know what 's go on . I have to finish it . Vogel half - smile , apologetic . det . vogel I be sorry , James . it 's just ... we have rule here . James reach into he pocket , place two dollar and 35 cent on the desk . Vogel look at James , confuse . jame why do not we keep this between you I ? ( off he confusion ) I see it on a tv . det . vogel I can not accept that . police station - lobby - later Vogel exit he office hold a sack lunch . as he walk through the lobby , he 's confuse by -- jame , clearly , sit in a chair , '' read '' a d.a.r.e. brochure , hold it up to obscure he face . as Vogel exit , James lower the brochure and stealthily follow behind . police station - lawn - moment later Vogel sit a public bench , eat a homemade sandwich . James , behind a nearby tree that do not quite conceal he , wait for the right moment ... and crunch a branch under he sneaker . Vogel turn he head . vogel James ... still hang around , huh ? James step over , timid . jame um , so , I just ... I feel like maybe I be not clear , earlier , about what I be really try to do here ? 55 . he sit down next to Vogel . jame how can I explain this in a way you would understand ...? ( passionate ) try to imagine a hero . and he 's not on the bad side , he 's on the good side . but he want to go against a guy who be on the bad side . so he go on ... a adventure . best part be , it 's not even on a tv ... it 's on a screen so big , you feel like you be in another world . that 's how I get the idea to make ... a movie ! vogel yeah ... no , I understand what movie be . and I think it 's great to be creative . I actually perform in play in high school . ( proud ) prospero . the Tempest . James just look at he . I pray thee . Mark I ! that a brother could be so ... perfidious . ( then ) I be not sure how the rest go . jame whoa ... that be very good . vogel thank you . jame do you do show ? vogel oh , no . I do not act anymore . I be just say , I get what you be try to do , and I wish I could help , but -- jame why ? vogel why what ? 56 . jame do not you do it any more ? vogel Act ? Vogel think about it , shrug . you grow up , thing change . you move on . I do this now . James nod , but look bum out by that explanation . jame that 's really sad that you do not get to do what be important to you ... bye . James turn , mope away . off Vogel , alone with he sandwich , consider that . a dark space - later light kick on , revealing a large police storage closet overflow with brigsby STUFF : box , costume , robotic part , prop , camera . vogel walk in , stop in front of a shelf , pull from it a prop SUN soldier helmet . cool ... he try it on . the door open behind he . bander ( suspicious ) detective ...? Vogel turn to bander , take off the helmet . vogel yep ... everything 's here . omit pope household - live room - evening sunny , clean . James and Louise Pope sit on adjacent couch . iced lemonade on coaster . Louise organize book and library dvd on the coffee table . 57 . louise pope ( bright enthusiasm ) well ! I be so glad you have fun and meet new people last night . jame ( disinterested ) yeah ... louise pope but I want this to feel like fun too . so you do not have to be stick with some boring tutor . this way we can enjoy each other 's company , and go at we own pace , and learn about whatever you want to learn about . all James can muster be a polite sort - of smile . louise pope so , what do you think ? World geography ? european history ? the Bible ? James consider it ... jame can I learn how to pilot a car ? louise pope huh ... you know , I do not see why not . we have have to get you a learner 's permit .. greg Pope , listen in from the kitchen : greg pope hey , that could be fun . he join they in the room . there 's a couple class you be suppose to take , and a write test , but I could take you out , show you the rope ? just then , the doorbell ring . James turn , curious . front door - open it 's detective vogel . in jeans and a tee-shirt , cheery . James , hold the door , look surprised . 58 . det . vogel James Pope -- just the man I be look for . jame where 's you soldier stuff ? det . vogel my --? oh , I be off duty . he see greg Pope , behind James , smile hello . Mr. Pope . hope I be not bother you . just want to say hi to James , talk about a ... matter we discuss earlier . off James , intrigue . pope driveway - moment later James follow Vogel to he subaru Station wagon . greg Pope follow , curious . det . vogel so , look ... obviously , there 's no way I can get all that stuff you want . but , forensics have more evidence come in than they know what to do with , and there 's no way anyone 's gonna notice a couple item . Vogel open he hatchback , fill with box . he pull out -- a cheap look crystal necklace . James 's eye alight . jame the sortis Crystal ?! James look at greg Pope , amaze . he be not sure how to react . det . vogel and I know this be not on you list , but ... he pull out magic staff . jame bortep 's staff ? I think it be lose in a time flux ... 59 . det . vogel ha , yeah . check it out -- if you hit this switch on the back ... it light up ! Vogel spin it around , gesture dramatically . greg pope ( take a step back ) whoa ... det . vogel how great be that ? get a nice weight to it , too . he set it aside , go back into the trunk ... and last but not least , see a few of this bad boy lay around ... ... and pull out brigsby bear 's big puppet head ! the exact one from the show . whoa . jame ( might pass out ) that 's brigsby ... det . vogel yeah , I kind of assume . Vogel hand it to James , who receive it with great care . James feel brigsby 's fur . close and open he eye . he look between Vogel and greg Pope , speechless . jame be this ... I mean -- I can have it ? det . vogel you can hang onto it , for right now . I be not technically suppose to be do this , so nothing in public , okay ? James nod , overjoy . not sure how best to express he gratitude , he try that Spencer thing and raise he hand . det . vogel do you have a question ? ( realize ) oh , high five ? sure , okay . I will high - five on that . they connect a solid one . greg Pope hesitates 60 . jame thank you ! dope as shit . det . vogel ( slightly confuse ) you be welcome . jame ( to greg Pope ) pretty dope as shit . greg pope sure , yeah . very dope . watch as James run inside . he turn to Vogel , a beat . det . vogel uh , again , sorry if I be interrupt something , or -- greg pope oh , not at all . but I will say , it 's just -- well , you know , this transition we be go through , it have not exactly be easy . as I be sure you know . det . vogel of course . I be just try to help out any way I can . greg pope you know , that 's the thing -- actually . this '' brigsby '' business ... I realize James be a fan , but all this stuff -- it 's not just collector 's item we be talk about here . this be tool that a very sick person use to imprison my son . Vogel look take aback . greg Pope det . vogel right , of course . I just think -- he ask I for some help on this movie he 's make , and I just figure , you know ... look confuse at that . 61 . greg pope he 's make a movie ? omit omit the brigsby head - couch - minute later worn fur , imperfect hand stitching , eye half - close . hear a click , then soft tape static ... follow by scratchy brigsby dialogue . the eye and snout come alive ! move along with the word . on the back : gear spin on a build - in tape deck . wider we see : James , excited , show greg and Louise Pope how it work -- jame see -- you just press play , and it move to the sound ! the brigsby head stop talk . just static from the tape . Louise Pope smile , want to match James 's excitement , but not quite sure what to make of it . greg look concerned . louise pope well , that be ... something , huh ? then it start up again . James watch , entrance . brigsby head ( tape ) we know what he have to do ! but there 's only one way into the forbidden Forest ... jame oh ! I know this one -- jame brigsby head we have to pass through the we have to travel through the core of the planet ! core of the planet . the brigsby head stop again . James do not break he gaze . jame ( fill in arielle 's miss dialogue ) but be not that -- that 's where 's the fire god live ? the fire realm ? 62. brigsby head ( tape ) yes . but we must make peace with the god of the Fire -- for the sake of both we world . but then James notice greg Pope 's expression . he drop he smile , self - conscious . press stop on the tape . jame so , anyway ... maybe we could do the study some other time ? I think I be just gonna go to my room for the rest of the day . louise pope ( disappointed ) oh ... well , we do not have to study right now if you do not want . she stand up . louise pope be you hungry ? I could make you a sandwich ? and we could listen to some more briggles bear ? maybe you could tell I more about he ? greg pope or we could take a look at the list ? it be Saturday after all -- still plenty of time for some fun . but James be already on he way out of the room . jame uh ... no thanks . greg Pope and Louise watch he go , dispirite . jame 's bedroom - evening James , on he bed , wear the brigsby head , get a feel for it . he timidly '' act '' along with brigsby 's voice . then there 's a knock and he door open . it 's aubrey , who of course scream . AUBREY Jesus ... what the hell ? James reach behind the head , click '' stop . '' 63. jame it 's I , James ! ( take it off ) not a real bear . AUBREY why can not you just be normal ? jame remember ? I be kidnap . AUBREY no , I know . I just -- this whole thing be weird enough without you try to hang out with people , embarrassing I in front of my friend . ( then ) oh , also , everyone 's say you hook up with merideth ? do not do that . that be disgusting . ( toss he she phone ) and tell mom you need you own phone . James look at the phone , confuse . caller id say '' Spencer . '' James do not know what to do with it . AUBREY talk . jame ( hold phone up in front of he ) hello ? frustrate , aubrey walk over , guide the phone to he ear . jame oh ... AUBREY ( leave ) put it outside my room when you be do . spencer ( phone ) duuuuude . 64 . jame Spencer ? ( to aubrey ) it 's Spencer ! aubrey shake she head , almost smile despite herself . taco stand - night James and Spencer share a small outside table , burrito . spencer okay , first of all -- that last episode where brigsby be on that ice planet ? James nod knowingly , a excited smile on he face . right as they realize the federation be invade ... jame mmmhmm -- brigsby reveal the moon base ... spencer yes , dude ! that be so awesome ! how it just appear over the horizon , all light up ? jame yeah . '' hope be not yet lose ! '' ( then ) that 's what he say . spencer yeah , the whole thing be like this insane piece of art . it 's like a whole tv show make in a bedroom . and all that character and effect and shit be crazy ... like that icicle bicycle thing -- how would he even build that ? and then at the end of the episode , when the peace treaty go into effect , snatcher melt it ? that be like , really good storytelling . he notice James eye welling ... uh , you okay , man ? James take a second , emotional . smile . 65 . jame yeah , it 's just ... that be one of my very favorite part . STREET - minute later James and Spencer walk to he truck . spencer the only thing I do not really get be all the weird math shit ... jame yeah , I never like that stuff . my version 's not gonna have any . spencer so , be you stay with the same story , or a new one ? jame basically just where the show leave off -- snatcher 's more powerful than ever , the old alliance be break and the galaxy 's on the edge of destruction . and brigsby 's the only one who can save it . spencer right on ... so , what happen ? jame 's bedroom - later James and Spencer stand before James 's story - board wall . jame ( quick , excited ) okay , first , pla’torian raider come in on they lightship , to brigsby 's cabin in the desert -- where he 's live he whole life -- and they take he bear parent prisoner . then they bring he to a new world he never even know exist : the future Light fortress . everything be big and shiny and different . no one know who he be , and he do not know they . James take he through it leave to right ... at first brigsy have to live with a king , and a queen , and a princess . ( more ) 66 . jame ( cont 'd ) but they be actually Sun Soldiers , so brigsby can not trust they . then , it get complicated ... piece of the story dissolve into each other , overlap -- he have to escape the palace ... travel to forever Mountain to get the sortis Crystal ... find the smile sister ... and for the first time ever , brigsby defeat Sun snatcher , once and for all . ( catch breath ) and , maybe , at some point he get he mom and dad out of space jail , because what they do be not so bad . Spencer look overwhelm , absorb it all . James nervously await he reaction ... spencer ( delighted ) this be insane , dude . James be not sure how to take that . I mean , like , awesome insane . Spencer pick up the brigsby head , take a closer look . also pretty crazy though . James nod , relieved . jame thanks . spencer have you start shoot it ? jame it 's my first movie , so I do not really know how . spencer well , I have get a camera , dude . and some of this scene you can do with like , a couple setup , natural light . do the sound later . like -- he point out a storyboard . 67 . spencer brigsby 's the only one in this scene , right ? we could do that tomorrow . James look over at he , cautiously excited . jame really ? spencer yeah , there 's a place that look just like that , hour and a half away . and this stuff -- ( pull out he phone ) -- see , this be just green screen and some prop . easy . James regards the brigsby video on Spencer 's phone , struggle to comprehend how brigsby bear adventure episode 6 , vol. 20 be contain within it . jame how would he get in there ? spencer oh , yeah -- I put everything online . i’1l send you the link . figure since you do not have a vcr . it 's already get like 200 view . jame wait -- so , there 's other , real people watch brigsby ? spencer yeah man . people be gonna want to see this , too . I think it 's awesome . we just have to figure out the rest of the costume . James be too excited about all this to even process it . jame but ... you really want to do this ? Spencer consider it , genuine . spencer yeah , man . I guess it 's be pretty chill , hang out , or whatever . brigsby , dude . I be in . 68 . James smile , touch ... spencer also , I be get drug test in a couple week , so I have just be hang around , bored as shit . ( another think ) oh , dude ! and you have to start it off with that theme song ! like dun da - dun da ... James sing along with he , and the brigsby theme kick in ! feel like we should be already out on this moment but -- jame you be my friend ! desert - day flat horizon . wave of heat and shadow . a shape emerge from the mirage ... it 's brigsby bear ( James ) , in slo - mo , run toward we . dress bear-head to toe in makeshift sci-fi fantasy garb . brigsby climb up a rock formation ... he summit , look out . Mountains on the horizon . then he dramatic - turn to look behind he . mouth close . eyelid lower ever so slightly . he raise he digital watch into frame . speak into it . the brigsby theme continue , carry we through -- face - time camera - desert - day James , in costume minus the brigsby head . behind he , Spencer set up a shot on a tripod . jame ( into camera ) hey everyone , James here . Day one , brigsby bear adventure , the final chapter . and that 's why we be gonna take you ... behind the scene ! quick cut : James high -five Spencer . running to another location . film a joshua tree . jame look , it 's a spiker tree ! 69 . spencer yeah , that be call joshua tree , actually . jame dope as shit ! James zoom in on it . jame 's bedroom - day James read the brigsby script into a tape recorder . Spencer click a button on the back of the brigsby head , eject a cassette from the build - in deck , put in James 's . office - day a few co- worker gather around a laptop , watch a episode of '' brigsby bear adventure '' on YouTube . on screen : brigsby , in a volcano , sunglass on , rapping : brigsby when my elder speak , I be always listenin 's and if I do not , I get my daily discipline go to sleep go-go - go to sleep ( close you eye ) go-go - go to sleep GREEN screen backdrop close on : brigsby 's face , cycle through different bit of dialogue and performance . another setup : brigsby in a school desk , use a video game steering wheel . pull a tough maneuver , lose control ! spencer 's truck - day Spencer at passenger , explain what to do . James try turn the key , and the engine kick on . cool ! park bench - day two friend watch '' brigsby bear adventure '' on a phone , share earbud . on screen : brigsby at a campfire with a group of wizzle , lead by the wizzle prince . 70 . brigsby wizzle Prince , I be sorry , but what the smile sister tell you be true -- the quantix be lose to time . wizzle prince ( cough ) wizeeee . we thank you for you effort , Sir bear . it seem as if the end of we race be upon we . wizeeeee . brigsby I will miss all of you when you pass away , even though you bring it upon yourselves . ( to camera ) see , curiosity be a unnatural emotion . if the wizzle have not spend so much time seek answer about the world around they , they might have have a better chance of survive . so long , Friends ! jolly music play . brigsby do a little jig then touch he wrist transponder , which teleport he away . the wizzle Prince cough , then fall over , dead . omit google search bar - '' how do I get metal for the movie i'm making with spencer ? " face -time camera - scrapyard - day James ( in costume ) and Spencer scavenge for part , fuck around , pick up some footage . jame look at all this armor ! garage - day James duct - tape pipe and scrap metal to logan 's arm . dorm room - day a group of college dude gather around a computer screen watch '' brigsby bear adventure . '' on screen : brigsby be underwater , address the camera . 71 . brigsby ( gargle water voice ) ... and remember -- always sweep you corridor , and if you be feel romantic emotion , only touch you penis twice a day . the dude laugh hysterically . google search bar - '' how do I learn cool fighting style I want to do they " face time camera - salt flat - sundown James be sweaty , hype up . jame we have be practice all day , and hopefully we be ready , because the sun 's almost down , and that 's when it 's time to have a justice duel . salt flat - dusk smoke machine smoke billow across the fairway . a light - up Storm soldier ( Logan ) emerge . look pretty cool . brigsby and the Storm soldier engage in choreograph battle . google search bar - '' how to make a good explosion thank you " hardware store - day James , wear he brigsby shirt , load fertilizer into a shopping cart , while Louise Pope add pot flower . louise pope be that everything ? jame ( lie ) yep , this be everything I need for my new garden . a excite man approach they . excite man Excuse I , be you --? you be the bear guy , right ? ( off James ) ) dude -- I see you shirt , and -- you be the guy , right ? ( more ) 72 . excite man ( cont 'd ) I and my friend love that video . they be so insane . I mean they be awesome , but it 's like , crazy dark and shit , you know ? anyway -- ( pull out phone ) could I get a picture ? the excited man put he arm around James , take a selfie . James smile awkwardly , excited but unsure . Louise smile , but look concerned ... excite man thanks , man . peace ! jame yes . peace ! police station - det . vogel 's office - day Vogel put the finish touch on some paperwork . then he phone buzy . he check the number , intrigue ... jame ( prelap ) do you have any question ? face -time camera - pope household - backyard - day jame the mysterious Planet glindos - 1 be reference in the show , but we never get to actually see it ... until today ! James turn the camera to reveal : a matte painting of he own creation . a cave look out onto a crystal world . it 's densely detailed , but nowhere near Ted 's work . hmm , I wonder who might be hide out in the glindos crystal - field ? pope household - backyard - day vogel stand in front of the glindos - 1 matte painting , dress in costume : a jedi-esque hooded robe . James stand with Vogel , look over he line . Spencer prep the camera . 73. vogel just to be clear , when I say I have fle to the dark corner of a lose world , be that he own personal world , or a actual new land ? jame um ... both . vogel okay , great , that 's what I be think . jame the number one thing to remember be , feldo mortese be a powerful bandith warrior , but he 's sad . that 's why he life in a cave . Vogel nod , confident . vogel let 's give it a shot . James stand back , give Vogel some room . vogel and you be sure you parent be not come home any time soon ? jame one 's do golf , and the other one go out to store . do not worry , just focus on you tragic past . Vogel take a deep breath . he put he hood up , hunch over and fold he hand , physically inhabit the character . jame and ... action . Vogel hold for a purposeful beat , then -- vogel ( extremely goofy accent ) my kind rise up against the one you call Sun snatcher . and we lose . the few who survive , fle . and now only I remain , cower in a dark corner of a lose world ... wait for this day . the fulfillment of a prophecy long forget . 74 . Spencer watch from behind the camera , transfix but weird out . vogel ( escalate ) you , brigsby bear , have be choose . you stand between existence and naught . ( crescendo ) you be we last hope . we keeper of light ! on James , genuinely impressed . have to compose himself . jame cut. perfect . move on ! vogel wait , that 's it ? Vogel pull he hood down , exhilated . vogel can we do one more ? I think there 's another level I can get to . jame whoa , really ? another one ? vogel definitely . ( hood back up ) you mind if I try something ? James shrug , game . jame as long as it do not violate any sacred code of bandith culture , yeah ! sure . vogel great , thank you . Vogel turn he back to the camera . take a deep breath . spencer Rolling ... a long beat as Vogel do nothing . and continue to . James look on , consider the choice , intrigue ... 75 . police station - evidence locker - day bander walk past row and row of brigsby tape , browsing . stop in front one : '' volume five , episode one . '' on a small vcr / tv : brigsby ( but cheaper , cruder ) on a small , sparsely decorate set . the word '' it 's brigsby ! '' hand - paint in big block letter on the wall . low-rent '' Captain kangaroo '' vibe . he confer with young arielle and nina smile , surround by a magic force field . brigsby you magic power get stronger by the day , sister ! arielle smile soon we will be strong enough to banish Sun snatcher to the shadow galaxy forever ! brigsby that 's right ! but first , we have to make we physical body strong . ( turn to camera ) ready , everyone ? brigsby and the young smile sister MARCH in place , then launch into some coordinate calisthenics . and one , and lunge , and two , and two . now crunch ! and stop . and remember that we be all just rapidly decaye organic material ! and hop ! on bander , expression harden , super weird out . omit pope driveway - day James stand hold a basketball , look none too enthuse . greg Pope , in gym short , instruct James on shoot form . greg pope okay , now just keep you shoulder square , elbow in -- good . now bend you knee , lift the ball into the air , and follow through with you hand . 76 . James give it a try , but the ball fall well short of the basketball hoop . greg pope hey , alright ! good first try . minute later : greg Pope use a broomstick to lower the hoop . greg pope there we go ... this 's 1l be a little easier . plus -- look , we can do slam dunk on it ! greg Pope go up for a monster jam ! greg pope wooooo ! ( land awkwardly ) ooh -- yike , tweak my ankle there a bit ... darn it . he limp to the ball , pass it James . here , wanna give it a shot ? James let the ball bounce past he . jame actually , I be pretty busy with my movie today ... greg pope well , maybe take a little break ? seem like you have be work pretty hard , and could be nice to just hangout for a bit , you and I ? James start to walk off . jame no thanks . greg Pope hesitates , frustrated . then -- greg pope be I do something wrong here ? James turn around : huh ? greg pope look I do not want to discourage you from be creative , but the thing be , this movie you be make ... ( more ) 77 . greg pope ( cont 'd ) it 's base on something that ... really bad people create it ... as a way to hurt you , and keep you away from we . and we do not want spend too much time think about that sort of thing , okay ? you be with the good guy now . jame but ... brigsby 's what make I happy . I be not like you . ( gesture to hoop ) I do not like slamm , okay ? James head inside . greg Pope stand there a moment , frustrated . stretch out he injure ankle . AUBREY 's room - day aubrey and merideth , hang . spencer , in the doorway , hold the brigsby head . AUBREY so , what be you guy do ? spencer oh , you know , mess around with this crazy bear thing . hike around , go to the beach , camp for the night . James come up behind he . jame we be go to a real mountain . do you guy want to come ? AUBREY yeah , I do not know ... spencer I be bring party supplies ... merideth give a thumb -up . jame come on , it 's gonna be so much fun , and also dope as shit . aubrey sorta-smile , hesitant . 78 . mountain - trail - afternoon Green and golden , sparkling lake below they . hiking up . clearing - minute later aubrey sit with merideth , watch -- James and Spencer set up a shot , yard away . James , wear the costume , excitedly explain how we want it to look , boundless energy and enthusiasm . Spencer 's into it , laugh , make suggestion . aubrey can not help herself -- the interaction make she smile . that look on James 's face -- happy , himself . her brother . James run over , try to get she involved . she laugh . mountain - sunset vast , roll ridge , glowing with magic hour light . brigsby , the size of a action figure , adventure atop . lake - dusk wash of wave , crackle of campfire . two tent . a few campsite and rv in the distance . merideth pose for phone pic , wear the brigsby head , hold a bottle of tequila , give the middle finger . Spencer frame it up , hesitates . spencer no Facebook or instagram , please . merideth it 's a snap ; chill . jame merideth , could I talk to you for a second ? merideth take off the brigsby head . merideth sure , what 's up ? James hesitates . something weigh on he ... jame maybe we should go over here ... 79 . merideth ( confuse ) okay ... she hand the head off to Logan . James and merideth walk . jame first of all , I think you be so great . merideth thanks man . I think you be chill too . jame and the other night be fun . merideth ha , yeah you be so waste . jame yeah ... listen , this be really hard for I , cuz I know we really like feel each other 's body and do sex type stuff , but -- ( beat ) I do not think I can marry you . merideth ( laugh ) yeah , for sure . jame so , you be okay with that ? merideth uh , yeah , of course . I be never get marry . my parent be so mess up and sad . jame ( relieved ) really ? that 's so great . thank you . James give she a friendly hug . ( under breath ) so , no marriage . but do we still want to do that stuff ? AUBREY hey , James - - 80 . over by the fire , aubrey scroll through song on she iphone . AUBREY be it this song ? she play a sparkly night jam . James walk over , listen . jame I do not think so . but I like it . AUBREY oh , maybe it 's ... hold on -- another song -- the same synth -y music that be come from she room the other night ! jame yeah ! that 's it ! AUBREY I have be listen to this constantly ; it 's amazing . i’1l send you a playlist . James do not know what that mean but be nevertheless floor with gratitude . jame that would be so cool , to get one of that . merideth take off the brigsby head , sit down with they . aubrey look at James , think . AUBREY they probably do not even let you listen to music , huh ? jame no , they do , sometimes . mostly stuff by the beatler , cuz my old dad be in that band . merideth do you just say '' beatler ? '' jame yeah , the beatler . ( off they confusion ) I have one of they tape ... James root through the content of he duffle bag . he pull out a cassette , and put it into the brigsby head . 81 . he press play , and the mouth move along with the lyric . the music be incredibly strange . AUBREY whoa . this ... suck . it 's like the worst thing I have ever hear . ( listen more ) I kinda love it . James smile . a moment between they ... jame too bad you be not abduct . I bet we would have have fun together . aubrey 's a bit confuse by the sentiment , but move nonetheless . AUBREY yeah , I guess ... I always wonder who you be . what it would be like to meet you . I remember when I first find out . I be 9 , maybe . dad say , '' you have a big brother . '' it make so much sense . I always know there be something ... not there , with they . so I be like , the consolation prize , I guess . ( then ) sorry I have be kind of ... whatever , to you . jame that 's okay ... I be glad you come . AUBREY yeah , I too . James surprise she with a hug , which she begrudgingly reciprocate . but the moment be crash by -- spencer awwwwwww . AUBREY ( disengaging ) oh God , whatever ... 82. spencer ( to James ) last shot , man you ready to do this ? James stop the tape , spring up , excited . jame yeah ! let 's go ! empty beach - night Spencer 's truck pull onto the sand . road above the bank ahead . engine cut , light fade . James unlatch the truck bed gate . pull the tarp off -- a futuristic space generator ! ( scrap metal , computer part , LED light . ) spencer Holy shit , man ... look at all this electronic shit . jame yeah , that part 's the mainframe , and that 's the quadrium processor . spencer man , this be gonna look awesome . they get in , lift it . spencer 's truck - empty beach - minute later Spencer tape the tripod to the open bed gate , camera lens point behind the truck . he turn on light , angle it on James , 50 yard away , half - bury the blink generator in the sand . spencer you ready to do this ? James get the sand just right ... jame okay , ready ! James strike a match and light a fuse in the sand . then he put on he brigsby head , and kneel next to the generator . Spencer hit record , get in the truck . truck cam : 83. brigsby flip open a panel , punch in a code on the mainframe . then it shoot a tower of SPARKS ! brigsby stand , start run away from it ... and the generator explode into yellow and green flame ! follow by a spray of professional - grade firework ! deep , loud , huge . spencer 's truck - that moment Spencer slam on the break , shocked . jump out of the car . beach - continuous there 's a car alarm go off somewhere . generator smoking . spencer dude , what be this shit !? jame ( run up ) do you get it ? spencer the bomb that you just explode ? yeah , I get it . what the be that ?! jame I work on it , yesterday , so we movie would have more -- ( clearly read this somewhere ) -- big budget appeal . spencer someone definitely see that . we gotta go , now . the generator start to flame . Holy shit ! he run towards it . James follow , not nearly as worried . jame do it look cool ? spencer dude -- I have be drive around a truck fill with explosive all day . that be not cool , at all . 84 . they scoop sand , struggle to put it out . jame I know you talk about use animation , but I think do it for real might be better . plus , practical effect be a die art form . spencer you can not just blow shit up , man ! jame why not ? Spencer stand up , notice something -- on the road above : red and blue light head toward they . spencer God damnit ... coast guard ( loudspeaker ) step away from the device , and put you hand in the air ! jame oh , it 's just police . they be nice . the coast guard truck come into the shore . coast guard ( loudspeaker ) hand up , now ! James put he hand in the air , yell -- jame we be okay ! we do not need any police help ! sorry about the mess -- we be just gonna finish clean up ! thank you ! bye ! James turn around and start casually jogging away . a officer jump to shore , chase James and tackle he into the sand . parked police car - back seat James , head tilt back , hold tissue in a bloody nose . Spencer , sick to he stomach , freak out . Silent ... James look over , nervous , offer -- 85 . jame I bet I can explain it to detective Vogel ...? spencer do not matter ... I be on probation . jame what do '' on probation '' mean ? spencer it mean my life be over . a charge silence between they . James finally break it -- jame I think the next scene where we need explosion , we should do you idea , with the animation . Spencer just shake he head . cedar hill police station - interrogation room James , alone again . a different sort of anxiety hang . door open ... and officer bander come in . deadly serious . he throw a folder on the table . stands there a moment , let he presence do the intimidating . then -- bander malibu PD say they find marijuana and a open container of alcohol in the truck . not to mention the improvise explosive device , the detonation of which be technically a act of domestic terrorism . you have anything to say for yourself ? James really think about it . do not want to mess this up . jame everything that happen , it be my fault . all the marijuana smoking , the bad drink . that be mine . the explosion stuff too . no one else should get in trouble . bander where would you get the bomb-make material ? 86 . jame just , the internet . and the store . bander and the costume ? James hesitates ... jame I steal it . bander you steal it ? jame detective Vogel tell I where they have all the stuff , so I snuck in when no one be look , but it be not he fault , okay ? he do not do anything wrong . ( then ) I be sorry to you . and I be sorry to America . bander sit . look at he . bander I watch the tape . jame what tape ? bander '' brigsby bear . '' several episode . jame which one ? bander the first couple volume . jame ( 2 ) oh , that one be just for kid ... ( think about it ) I mean , they be for I , I guess , when I be a kid . bander well , I think I get the gist of it . Dark . fill with message . bander take a long , probing look at he . 87. they really do a number on you , do not they ? off jame , uncertainty weigh ... match CUT to : the brigsby head - evidence locker sideway on a shelf . obscure as a metal gate slam shut . omit pope household - live room - day greg and Louise Pope , aubrey , James and Emily sit around the coffee table . greg look stern , Louise on the verge of tear . aubrey and James just eye the floor . Emily lead the discussion with a comfortable , everything 's - fine confidence . emily James . you family be all here today because they care about you very , very much . but they be also concerned . ( a beat ) you have not be communicate with they , James . to put it lightly . next thing you know , you be fall in with the absolute wrong kind of people , and -- AUBREY you mean I and my friend ? greg pope aubrey , you know what she mean . emily the point be , we be look at some serious criminal charge here . James chew on that , incredulous . jame I be just make brigsby ... emily James , we be not here to talk about brigsby . this be about you . 88 . James feel out the room . not sure about the look on everyone 's face . especially Louise , barely hold back tear . greg look at he , calm , concerned . greg pope we love you , James . and we want you to be happy . emily that 's right . and we want you to recognize the chance you have -- right now -- to embrace a new start . jame so ... what do that mean ? emily it mean finally put brigsby aside , and move on with the rest of you life . James can barely comprehend this , indignant . jame so ... what ? just forget about he ? Emily sigh with profound concern . louise pope James , I know that sound hard , but the world be so much bigger than you know . and it 's fill with so many amazing , wonderful thing . greg pope that 's right -- remember gordo from hockey High ? jame I do not care about that stuff . I already know brigsby 's the great hero . and when everything 's against he , he never give up , even if it 's hopeless . James pause , emotion surfacing . he 's my whole life . greg Pope take a hard look at he , frustration boil over . 89 . greg pope you whole life ? you whole life we have be out there , look for you , James . for 25 year , I could not sleep . because every night I would close my eye , and there you be , in my arm , smile . a silent beat as greg collect himself . this ... monster , they steal you away from we . they destroy we . do you understand that ? and now that we have you back , all you want to do be stay in they world . it hurt , James . it be not right . James absorb all that . finally muster : jame you do not know anything about brigsby . at all . and you never will . so ... fuck you . ( then ) I know what it mean . a emotional silence hang over the group . google search bar : '' brigsby smile sister real life '' James scan the flood of result . eventually find : '' Arizona woman perform in Pope kidnapper 's bizarre video . " pope household - midnight James straighten up , check himself in the mirror . light off . Dead quiet . James sneak down the stair ... swipe a car key from the counter . driveway - minute later James reverse down the driveway in greg Pope 's Lexus . k-turn into someone 's brick mailbox , demolish it . he peel off , swerve through the yard , and disappear down the street . music : Spirit journey to the quantnix Zone , brigsby vol. 19 . omit 90 . lexus - desert - morning the Lexus slow to stop . James stare ahead at -- he old house - day perimeter of police tape but otherwise as he leave it . James get out of the car , take a look around ... he go the oasis . take grazerbug in he hand , look at it for what it be -- a light bulb , goofy face , antenna . and the gunnerfox -- open back , clear animatronic feature . he wipe dust off the pier , see the empty bench inside . roadside diner - parking lot - day the Lexus , park outside with a couple truck . Inside , James count change from the console . roadside diner - booth - minute later James , hold a menu , look around -- he see a handful of other patron and a line cook . as he look over the menu , a waitress step over . waitress ( 0.s. ) can I get you something to drink ? James look up with the intention of answer , but be suddenly unable . stand in front of he be arielle smile . arielle smile Sir ? James snap out of it , but do not know where to start . jame uh , yeah , just -- I only have this many credit . he put a handful of coin on the table . arielle smile ( count ) okay ... that 'il get you a fountain drink , or a coffee ? piece of fruit , maybe ? James look up at she , stare , not able to shake he awe . 125 91 . hello ? jame sorry , it 's just ... ( joke ) I never would of guess I have find you so far outside the gate of glenrona . ( then ) but I do actually have to go toa lot of diner out here . she look catch off guard . notice he brigsby t-shirt . arielle smile ( realize ) you be the ... James , right ? ( off he ) um ... my shift 's almost up ; give I a couple minute , okay ? James watch she walk away . blink to make sure she 's real . arielle smile ( prelap ) I guess I find out when you do , basically ... booth - minute later 125 James and arielle smile sit across from each other . Sandwiches and fountain soda before they . arielle smile it be a little extra money every month ... he tell I it be for canadian public access . I would just show up , and he would give my line . I do not really ask a lot of question , obviously . I mean , it be fun , but ... James listen , rapt , quiet reverence unbroken . I have be sick to my stomach . I wish I have never , uh ... I do not know what to say . I be just so , so sorry , for everything . James make a face , confuse . 92 . jame '' sorry ? '' but ... you and brigsby -- and Nina too , I guess -- you be the only thing that make the world okay . you be all I have . ( realize , emotional ) and I guess you still be . arielle smile look take aback . arielle smile you realize I be not actually she , right ? my name 's whitney . jame no , I know , now , but -- arielle smile Nina too -- he just flip the image , or something . jame yeah , it 's a cool effect , but ... you make it real . and the way you be there for brigsby , even when it seem impossible ? he never could have do it by himself . a beat as arielle smile look James over . arielle smile how do you find I ? jame ( shrug ) the same way brigsby do , I guess ... destiny . James timidly reach across the table and put he hand on top of hers . she seem a little uncomfortable , but let it stand . then she phone buzy and she take she hand away . arielle smile I be sorry , I have to pick up my kid in a few minute . jame oh. okay ... arielle smile I be glad I meet you though , I guess . you seem really ... sweet . 93 . James crack a smile , touch . a big moment for he . but -- jame wait , before you go , I have always want to ask ... in volume 19 , do you really not know about the quantix the whole time ? or be you just try to protect the wizzle ? arielle smile uh ... I do not really remember that . jame oh. yeah . ( then ) so , you would never want to do it again , then ? to help I finish it ? she hesitates ... arielle smile I mean , I do not really know if ... but she eye be draw outside . James turn to look too -- police cruiser pull into the parking lot , light on . James turn back to arielle smile , deject . jame that 's okay . I guess it 's time for I to go , anyway . arielle smile that be for you ? he nod , solemn . jame I have be a outlaw ever since I come to this world . ( then ) it 's dope as shit . James stand , reach into he pocket ... and he pull out the sortis crystal . place it on the table . you be the only one who can keep this safe . ( then ) thanks for the sandwich and coke . 94 , James walk for the door . halfway there , he stop , turn back around . jame also , I be in love with you , and I always have be . he continue to the door , open it . put he hand up , face he fate . please no tackle ! arielle smile watch he , overwhelm . off the sortis Crystal , gleam in the sunlight . pope household - top of the stair - night James timidly step out of he room ... murmur of greg and Louise Pope arguing come into focus : greg pope ( 0.s. ) what choice do we have ? kitchen - pope household greg and Louise Pope stand on either side of the island . exhausted , emotional . greg pope we know what Dr. Larson recommend to the judge . louise pope but we can appeal , right ? or something ? he 's not dangerous , he just ... he need we . to make more of a effort , to be with he . greg pope I be make a effort ! louise pope you push he away . you do not listen , you do not care about what anyone else want . this be what you do ! greg pope he 's not well . you do not see what I see . I watch he have a full break with reality . 95 . louise pope so we just kick he out ? greg pope what happen if we just let he go on like this ? he 's not -- he 's 25 . he can not just live in be own world forever . do not you want he to have a real life ? louise pope of course I do ... greg pope what if he end up like they -- alone , shut off from the world ? what if he kidnap someone and force they to watch he bear movie ? louise pope greg . that 's ridiculous . greg pope be it ? he 's not well , Louise . and they be still in control ! ( then ) I want my son back ... Louise cover she face , quietly sob . regret flash over greg Pope . he wrap she in a hug . greg pope I be sorry . we know this be not go to be easy . we know that ... top of the stair - same James , despondent , let they word sink in ... music : imprison in the Mirror chamber , brigsby vol. 24 . the somber music carry we through -- empty gym - day spencer sit with other rehabbing youth , fold - out chair encircle for discussion . but spencer 's not listen ... he sneak out he phone , check it -- a row of unanswer text to aubrey . '' hey ... '' '' I be sorry ... '' '' you around ? '' '' can we talk ? '' 96 . watkins glen mental health CENTER - day a white door open to reveal -- a sterile , semi-private room . share bathroom in the back . James stand in the doorway . wearing nice , new , stupid clothes . holding a small bag of personal supplies . spencer 's room - day Spencer scroll twitter on he computer , bored . he open a video-edite application . press play on a brigsby clip ( adventure in the mountain ) . it look pretty good . he smile ... mental health CENTER - day - expression absent - James sit slump in a chair at group time . - James meander around the therapeutic courtyard garden . - James by himself at a cafeteria table . a friendly patient , eric , take a seat across from he , hold two soft - serve cone . he offer one to James . - James do lesson with dr . morrow in the computer lab , graph another physics equation . Dr. morrow take note . dr . morrow ( prelap ) well , I be impressed . but I be also very confuse ... mental health CENTER - activity room - day James sit at a art table , draw with crayon . across the room , Emily and Dr. morrow confer . dr . morrow he 's extremely sharp . we start with algebra , and quite quickly make we way to quantum field theory . then , it get ... well , strange . very theoretical , hard to follow . he show I a equation they be work on . Said it be part of a larger theory that would ... allow they to travel between parallel dimension . ( more ) 97 . dr . morrow ( cont 'd ) ( then ) nonsense , essentially . Emily consider that , confuse . turn to look at James . James continue to color with little energy , uninspired . Eric come over , excited -- eric what be you work on ? James show he he draw : a simple rectangle . that 's it . eric whoa ! let I try . Eric sit down with he . emily ( prelap ) James , I just want to start by say how extremely proud I be . mental health CENTER - meeting lounge - morning James sit at a table with Emily , despondent . but Emily smile encouragingly . emily really . I mean it . I know it have not be the easiest road get here , but you be show real progress . soon , we can get you back on track with you education , and start strengthen other aspect of you life . do not that sound great ? this appraisal do not seem to lift James 's spirit . ( press on ) well , in the spirit of put thing behind we , there be one thing I think you should know ... you kidnapper have plead guilty . that mean they be go away , for a long time . and it 's okay to have conflict emotion about that ... James consider that with a unexpected wash of emotion ... Emily hold he by the shoulder , find he eye . you make it , James . you be okay . 98 . she bring he close , hug he . jame 's new room - late night Silent . James lay awake in bed , unable to sleep . then , the sound of soft static fade in ... confused , James turn to the -- radio , which begin emit a pulsing , ethereal glow . James sit up in bed , freak out . brigsby ( radio ) ( come in and out ) James ... be you there , James ...? James stand , go to the radio . brigsby ...? he fiddle with the dial , find the frequency . brigsby ( radio ) ( clearer ) James , be that you ? I have be try to reach you ! I be trap in negative subspace -- I have to hack you dimension 's earth 's a-m frequency ! I need you , James . now more than ever before ... James really think about that , and he eye well with tear . jame no . I can not . a beat of empty static before -- brigsby ( heartbroken ) James ? but ... it 's we most desperate hour . the universe hang on the edge of existence . he can barely bring himself to do it but -- jame do not you get it ? it 's too late ! everyone 's mad at I because of you . ( then ) I can not be with you any more . James click off the radio . he sit on he bed , unsteady . catch he breath , wipe he eye . 99 . AUBREY 's room - night aubrey do homework , uninvested . interrupted by the ding of a cell phone notification . she check she phone . it 's another in a long line of unanswer Spencer text : '' check year email ( bear emoji ) '' aubrey look cautiously intrigue ... hd tv - live room - night a reel of beautifully photograph brigsby scene , edit together with music and early effect work . reverse on : aubrey , greg and Louise Pope , watch from the couch . aubrey point thing out to Louise Pope , who smile , impressed and proud . greg Pope be more guard , but ... on screen : James , in costume , run down a sunset - light green hill toward aubrey . he take off the brigsby head , sweaty , laugh . jame ( on screen ) do we get it !? this be gonna be better than all the other brigsby episode , ever ! reverse on : greg , eye glue to the screen , a realization dawn . pre -lap : knock -knock cedar hill police station - vogel 's office - day Vogel look up from he desk to see ... vogel Mr. Pope ... greg Pope stand in the doorway , heart heavy , conciliatory . greg pope detective ... I be hope we could talk ? vogel ( worried ) you mean , about feldo mortese ? greg pope what 's feldo mortese ? 100 . vogel oh , nothing , never mind . what can I help you with ? mental health CENTER - kitchen - night James sneak in under cover of darkness , search cabinet . jame room - mental health CENTER - night James pull the sheet off he bed , fashion it into a sack . he add : a bar of soap , plastic utensil , a pair of clean sock and underwear . tye it off . there 's a knock , and James look up to see Eric come into the room , heart heavy , hold a paper grocery bag . eric I be just want to say good luck on you adventure , and I be gonna miss have you around . Eric hand he the bag . James look inside , pull out some art -and -craft cardboard cut out . throw star , knife , laser gun - - basically all my weapon I have be save up . jame thanks Eric . I do not know if I would ever have a real friend again . they hug . then -- eric so , how be you gonna break out of here ? jame it 's complicated . I have be plan it for a long time . CUT to : a tv crash through a first -floor window ! - night land in the street next to the mental health facility . James clear the glass and wire around the edge with a break shower handle . he toss he supplies , hop out . 101 . then he run into the night . omit bushes - night brushed out of the way to reveal -- the popeas backyard . Dark , quiet ... pope household - back patio - moment later James sneak around the side of the house , then quietly to the door . tries the handle ... open it slowly . pope household - stair Dark throughout . James climb to the 2nd floor hallway . enter -- jame 's room to find it back to its original state , stripped of all brigsby -ness . James stand there a moment ... then he see he duffle bag in the corner . he open it , make sure he brigsby shirt be inside . he fold it carefully , place it back inside , and zip the bag up . pope household - moment later James sneak back down the stair , duffle bag in hand . he start to exit , but stop himself , notice -- light come from a crack door ... he move closer , curious . hear the muffle sound of voice and movement . he lean to the crack , sliver of light painting he face . what he see make he jaw drop ... James pull the door all the way OPEN , revealing -- brigsby bear 's cabin ! ( well , actually the garage , transformed by the presence of the brigsby bear set . but still ! ) James step inside , take it in with religious wonder . every consciousness - sear detail make real before he . music : the peak of forever Mountain , brigsby vol. 16 . 102 . he drop to he knee , overwhelm . AUBREY ( 0.s. ) James ? James turn to the driveway , where he see -- greg and louise pope , AUBREY , spencer and vogel , unload the back of a moving truck . surrounded by brigsby prop , costume , piece of set , light , and a old tv camera . James look between they , tear in he eye , at a total loss . they look surprised to see he , but glad . James stand . jame what be ...? I mean ... how do this happen ? louise pope well , it be suppose to be a surprise , for when you get home ... jame but they tell I ... they say they be gonna get rid of everything ? Spencer hop down from the truck . spencer yeah , feldo give we a head - up . Vogel smile at James . vogel I want to say thanks . and I figure , better this stuff with you than in a dumpster somewhere . AUBREY it be dad 's idea to do the garage , though . James turn to greg Pope , hardly believe any of this . jame really ? greg pope yeah , well ... he hesitates , voice wobble with emotion and contrition . 103 . aubrey show we some of the stuff you have do together , and ... yeah . I guess , I think it look pretty cool , son . and then I think about the list , so ... might be a fun thing to do with the whole family , right ? James wrap he head around the very concept . jame but ... they tell I not to even think about brigsby any more , or I would never get to leave ? greg pope right , well ... it sound to we like Dr. Larson 's be a little too hard on you . jame yeah . louise pope and you have be do so well with everything else -- in a couple week they be let we have a independent evaluation , then , hopefully , you get to come on home . jame and finish brigsby ... greg pope we be you family , James . we love you for who you be . and we know brigsby 's a part of that . James let that wash over he , emotion surging ... he step over to he family , tear up . hug he mom . his dad and he sister join in the embrace . Spencer hang back . thinks about something ... spencer dude , wait , how do you get here ? jame ( through tear / the hug ) I throw a tv through the window . 104 . that throw off the hug a bit . his parent grumble ( ad-lib ) . I know , sorry ... the hug loosen , turn into a close grouping . louise pope well , we have to tell somebody ...? greg Pope think about it . greg pope they do not know you be go yet , right ? James shrug . so greg shrug too . well , I be sure we will get a call . ( then ) you want to help unload everything ? James smile . uh , yeah . he do . music up -- James laugh with he family , explain various prop and miniature , inspect everything , try the light out , high -five Spencer , hand out pop-tart ... fade out ... crosslake minimum security prison - day greg Pope 's lexus pull up outside , idle . '' six month later " greg pope 's lexus - continuous in the passenger seat , James look out the window , apprehensive . greg pope you okay , kiddo ? James take a deep breath . jame I think so . greg give he a loving pat on the shoulder . greg pope I will be here if you need anything . 105 . crosslake minimum security prison - yard - day picnic style table strewn about a patchy lawn . a guard escort a prisoner into the yard ... ted burrell . he search , find we . jame wave to he , timid . ted burrell ( prelap ) well bud , would you look at that ... time CUT : James and Ted sit at a far table . Ted look James over , amaze , a war of emotion . ted burrell you be all grow up and out in the world and ... just , wow . I do not know if I have ever get to see you again ... James sorta smile , not quite comfortable . so ... how be you , bud ? jame I be ... good . with my original family , and I be go to a math school , which be easy , so far . ted burrell that 's fantastic ! you - - uh , April would be so happy to hear that . have you be to see she yet ? James shake he head no . Ted get it , but -- well , we write each other . and I know she have love it . she finally solve the vansmithe , you know . jame really ? what be it ? ted burrell six ! the whole time . jame ( skeptical ) ooohhhhh . I actually , uh -- the reason I come here . I have a question ... 106 . Ted nod like he understand . ted burrell well , I do not know how much of it I can really explain , but ... I still think about the day she come home , with you in she arm ... and , you know , it be not my idea , exactly , but ... there you be . ( beat ) I guess I be scared , bud . and I know it be wrong , but ... some part of I feel like , you be we boy . and we want to give you everything we have to give . James look away from he , unexpected emotion surfacing . he organize he stack of papers , cover . jame that 's , uh ... that 's not really why I be here , though . ted burrell what 's all that ? jame brigsby bear adventure . the movie . ted burrell really ? you write it ? jame yeah , I finish it . the whole story . I do it with my family , and some friend . and we get a bunch of free money from the internet . ted burrell James , that 's ... amazing ! James shrug modestly . jame well , there 's still one thing we can not get right ... ted burrell what 's that ? jame the voice . 107 . Ted hesitates ... ted burrell I , uh ... I think it be best to just put all that behind I . I be actually work on something new . jame really ? what ? ted burrell ( sheepish ) it 's just a novel right now , but ... Knights of the spectrum : 12th dimension Masters . jame whoa , cool . what 's the story ? wait , no -- we do not have time . James reach into he pocket , pull out a tape recorder . Ted consider it ... ( plead ) the premiere 's next week ... ted burrell well , I be interested to see the direction you go with it ... Ted pick up the top page , look it over . a grin creep up . James hit record . Ted clear he throat ... ted burrell ready ? James nod , and Ted give he a smile ... then he launch into a fully - inhabit performance : ( brigsby voice ) it be a time of reckoning for the galaxy I call home . and a time of great magic ... off James , surprised and oddly delighted . the brigsby score begin to rise , carry we to -- movie theatre marquee - night brigsby bear adventure : the movie 108 . world premiere sold out ! movie theater a pack audience , hushed , attention rapt . on screen brigsby look out over a sunlit desert valley . his mouth move in sync with the dialogue . sort of . brigsby ( v.o. ) ... few be able to stand against the darkness ... on the horizon , the SUN sets at a sped - up pace . there 's a intense rainbow sunset , beautifully render . then star in the night sky . brigsby 's eyelid lower . he see light dot the horizon . in a line , move . get bigger . flash red and blue . as for I , I do not have a choice ... the brigsby theme kick into full gear , take we into -- '' brigsby bear adventure '' - open credit yes , the same sequence as the original show , but with several new shot of James 's make . audience - that moment Spencer and aubrey sit together , dress up , enjoy it . then Spencer notice across the aisle -- a empty seat . bathroom - movie theater - moment later Spencer walk in to find -- jame , in he brigsby shirt , stand over a toilet , dry heaving . spencer whoa , hey , man -- you okay ? jame what if ... they do not like it ? 109 . spencer dude , everyone here be psyched . they be gonna love it . jame I be just gonna stay here for a bit ... later : James lie on he back , alone , stress . muffled brigsby sfx and music come from the theater ... on screen - the final scene ! a celebration in the future light fortress ceremonial chamber . the production quality similar to the brigsby tv show , but with a cinematic flair that be all James 's own . a animated crowd ( goody goose among they ) cheer and wave banner . trumpet blare . brigsby kneel in front of a alien king ( eric from the hospital , in makeup ) , who place a medal around he neck . feldo mortese , also wear a medal , look on , proud . alien king eric we name you , brigsby bear ... hero of eternity ! arielle and nina smile ( yes , the arielle and Nina smile ) , wave they hand , casting sparkle over the celebration ! brigsby stand , shake hand with a dad SUN solder . brigsby when I come to this world , I think you be my enemy . but we come together to defeat Sun snatcher . and now , we be family . the Sun soldier nod , embrace a mom / daughter SUN soldier . audience greg Pope smile , Louise teary with pride , hold hand . on screen brigsby address the crowd . brigsby world must now be rebuilt . it will take time , but together we can ... 110 . but he trail off as diabolical laughter rise from above ... and the chamber begin to shake and fall apart ! arielle smile Sun snatcher ? it 's impossible ... nina smile he must have infiltrate we dimension when we fold space ! the roof rip off the palace ! SUN snatcher hang overhead , obscure by wisp of cloud . SUN snatcher I have you now , bear ! audience bander make a wholly invest '' whoa ! '' face , which he turn to share with vogel , who smile and nod knowingly . on screen brigsby confer with feldo and the sister as debris rain . arielle smile the Sun snatcher simply can not be defeat , brigsby ! feldo mortese perhaps not . but now , a choice . perish here together , and let snatcher enslave all world ? or fold every molecule of this dimension into a singularity , create a whole new universe , where the force of light can fight on ... brigsby a new beginning ...? audience emily , arm cross , skeptical , wonder what in God 's name she 's subjecting herself to . on screen brigsby wield the sortis crystal , latch it onto arielle 's amulet . a ENERGY field surround they . brigsby look deep into arielle 's eye ... 111 . brigsby one more thing ... Holy shit -- brigsby kiss arielle smile ! animatronic mouth open and close . it 's ... romantic . brigsby Goodbye arielle. ( afterthought ) you too , Nina . Nina , off to the side , wave casually . audience AUBREY put she hand over she mouth to keep from laugh . next to she : logan and merideth , stone , enrapture . on screen brigsby look up , energy field glow , amulet in hand . the score crescendo ... and he fly into the sky on a bright white beam of energy ! brigsby exit the atmosphere and collide with Sun snatcher , trapping he in a energy field , which rocket through space ! SUN snatcher nooooco0000000 ! faster and faster ! Light speed ! into the biggest star in the universe ! it explode in a supernova , become a black hole and begin swallow all existence ! entire galaxy crumble and swirl into dust until ... nothing . soundless darkness . but then -- light ! a big bang birth a new universe ! '' a film by jame pope and he best friend and family " lobby - that moment James sit , clutching he knee , listen ... and then ... applause ? get louder ... theater - second later James walk in to find a stand ovation , the crowd face the screen , whistling , shouting , cheer . stand in front of the screen be brigsby bear himself . brigsby nods to James . James nod back . brigsby step inside the screen and give James a final wave . 112 . off James wave goodbye , we -- vhs static