bring out the dead first draft ( 11/7/97 ) Paul schrader from the novel by Joseph connelly after World War one it be call Shell shock . after World War two it be call Battle fatigue . after Vietnam it be call Post traumatic stress disorder . Frank pierce , 28 , drive a ems vehicle for we Lady of mercy Hospital , New York City . he have be a paramedic for five year . ext . new york street --night a ems " bus " careen around a corner , tire squealing , light flash , siren whoop -whoop , swoop through stygian canyon of New York . frank pierce , 28 , drive . he wear dark cargo pants , black boot , a white shirt with the paramedic badge , " ems " gold logo on one collar , " olm " on the other . " we Lady of mercy paramedic " be inscribe in white across the back of he navy jacket . on he belt : two - way radio , leather glove , beeper , drug kit , multi-purpose tool kit , mini-flashlight , collapsible baton . larry , 35 , overweight , he partner for the night , ride techie ( shotgun ) , both hand clutching the dash . Frank scan the blur cityscape for hide danger . he be a young man of slight frame and open face -- he life , he possible future , still before he : behind that open eye , beneath that dark shadow : hollowness beckon . dispatcher 's voice crackle through the cab static : " ladder 4 , respond to a 10 - 22 , four flight residential , 417 East 32 . 13 Boy , man 's room Grand Central , man set he pants on fire . bad burn . 17 David , at 177 East 24 , there 's a woman who say a roach crawle in she ear . can not get it out , say she 's go into cardiac arrest ... " Frank 's detach voice speak over the urban landscape : frank ( v.o. ) Thursday start out with a bang : a gunshot to the chest on a drug deal go bad . heat , humidity , moonlight -- all the element in place for a long weekend . I be good at my job : there be period when my hand move with a speed and skill beyond I and my mind work with a cool authority I have never know . but in the last year I have start to lose that control . thing have turn bad . I have not save anyone for month . I just need a few slow night , a week without tragedy follow by a couple of day off . the radio continue : " Zebra , 13Z , 524 East 17 - - " larry ( on radio ) we be there . the ambulance break to a halt in front of a row of vintage walk - up . Frank and Larry jump out : Frank lug the ekg monitor and airway bag , Larry the drug box , yellow oxygen pack sling over he shoulder . neighbor crowd around . old woman which apartment ? which apartment ? frank move back . where 's the stair ? 5a . old woman oh Jesus , it 's Mr. burke . the front door open , a young boy hold it . author 's note : in emergency situation , either on the street or in the hospital , it be assume there be continual background noise -- voice , siren , cry , question , etc . CUT to : int . tenement stairwell --night four flight up : Frank and Larry climb rotting step , gray - yellow paint wall , red door with three lock each , Larry , out of breath , he stomach roll around like a bowl ball in a bag . CUT to : int . burke apartment--night they enter 5a . mrs . burke , 55 , she eye run dry , stand in the center of the room , surround by neighbor . someone lead they to the bedroom where Mr. burke , 60 , lie unmove , stretch on the bed . a young woman , mary burke , 24 , kneel over the old man , press she lip to he flaccid mouth . JOHN burke , 30 , grab franks arm : JOHN we be just watch tv and dad yell out and start punch he chest , next thing he lock himself in the bathroom . I say we be gonna call you guy and he say not to . he be cry , I never hear he cry before , then he sorta stop . we pull he out and put he on the bed . Frank and Larry move the body to the floor : frank how long ago do he stop breathe ? JOHN maybe ten minute . woman on the phone try to tell we how to do cpr . please , you gotta do something . frank we will do all we can . Larry rip open Mr. burke 's shirt , prepping electrode patch , hook wire , Frank open burke 's mouth , feel a puff of gas escape ; Larry call for backup . burke 's ekg rhythm on the monitor a flat green line . Frank 's training take over : he inject the long steel laryngoscope down burke 's throat , he find a vein , inject epinephrine , follow by atrophine , follow by another epi : no response on the monitor . Larry pull out the paddle : frank ( cont 'd ) clear ! clear ! Larry activate defibrillator , shock -- burke 's body heave . sweat drip from Larry 's nose onto burke 's chest . mary no more , please do not ! they shock he again . this time the body move less . Frank glance up : Mr. and Mrs. burke 's wedding photo sit on the nightstand . other picture : a day at the beach , a young serviceman , happy parent . Frank 's mind drift : frank ( v.o. ) in the last year I have come to believe in such thing as spirit leave the body and not want to be put back , spirit angry at the awkward place death have leave they . I understand how crazy it be to think this way , but I be convinced if I turn around , I would see Old man burke stand at the window , watch , wait for we to finish . Frank feel burke 's heart beneath crack rib . the eeg remain flat . he 's dead . it 's time to quit . frank ( cont 'd ) ( to Larry ) I will take over . call er and ask for a eighty - three . ( to Mrs. burke ) sorry . Larry stand , breathe heavy , look for a phone . Frank turn to notice relative and neighbor stand around . frank ( cont 'd ) do you have any music ? mary what ? frank Music . I think it help if you play something he like . mary John , play the Sinatra . John enter cry . Mary repeat softly : mary play the Sinatra . John exit . Frank notice Mary for the first time : blond hair dyed black , cut short , loose fitting tank dress , black makeup run down she cheek . he notice she prom picture , glance back to Mary : it seem she have not smile since that day eight year before . something special about she , that something that hit you right away . " September of my year " play from the other room . Frank continue massage Mr. burke 's chest ( now to Sinatra beat ) , even though it 's hopeless . Larry return : larry it 's ok , Frank . we can call it . eighty - three . Frank feel something strange , look into burke 's pupil , check he neck pulse , wrist pulse . his eye go to Larry : frank no we can not . he 's get a pulse . larry no shit . Larry check the monitor : the green line up and down . Mary sense a change in status : mary be he go to be alright ? frank ( not encourage ) his heart 's beat . a distant siren signal the arrival of backup . Frank turn to Larry : frank ( cont 'd ) have them bring up a stretcher . he look from Mary back to Mr. burke -- breathe but comatose . CUT to : int . ambulance --night Larry climb through the back door , sit in the jumpseat at the stretcher 's head as Frank hang iv bag , replug ekg wire that have come loose . Frank look up , see Mary enter ; he take she arm , turn she toward the rear door : frank help you family . ride with you mother and brother . ( she hesitates ) help you family . they need you more . help yourself . Mary step out , stand in the red flash light as Larry close the door , Frank climb in the driver 's seat . CUT to : ext . second avenue --night the ems bus cruise up second . Frank check the side mirror : John , Mary and Mrs. burke pull behind in a black Ford . see they face , Frank flip the light and siren on . it 's too late to help Mr. burke , but it 's important to the family that it look urgent . Frank watch pass light , car , face : frank ( v.o. ) I need to concentrate because my mind tend to wander on this short trip . it be the neighborhood I grow up in and where I have work most as a paramedic , and it hold more ghost per square foot than any other . CUT to : ext . our lady of mercy --night Larry and Frank 's 13 Zebra ambulance line up beside two other outside a blaze " emergency " sign on the crowded side street . CUT to : int . mercy er --night every large city have a hospital emergency room so replete with trauma , violence and suffer it pick up the sobriquet " knife and gun Club . " on Manhattan 's lower East side it 's we Lady of mercy , aka , we Lady of misery . er : a white - light cement box paint yellow and decorate with old frame playbill . four row of six plastic chair face a tv bolt and chain to the ceiling . the seat be fill with back - up drunk , assault victim and " regular , " bleed and spilling over against the wall and the floor , get up to ask they status or go out to throw up and have a smoke . Larry and Frank wheeling burke in , two iv line , each connect to a elbow , tangle in ekg cable . two lacerated russian scramble out of they way as they approach griss , the large black sunglass security guard . he look up from he television guide : griss hey partner . you man do not look well . they be not gonna appreciate you inside . frank ( pump ambu-bag ) griss , let we in . griss thing be back up . griss push a button , activate the automatic door , strike the bandage leg of a man lie down on a stretcher in the hall . Larry and Frank wheel burke inside . a plead family try to follow . griss stretch out he hand : griss ( cont 'd ) you can not go in there , folk . Mary , John and Mrs. burke rush in from the street , hope some miracle have occur during the drive to the hospital , approach the sign - in desk . Frank and Larry pass four stretcher line against the wall -- a passage nickname " skid row " lead past triage nurse constance 's station . nurse constance just keep move . do not even slow down . nurse constance turn back to the nervous man seat beside she : nurse constance ( cont 'd ) Sir , you say you have be snort cocaine for three day and now you feel you heart be beat too fast and you would like we to help you . to tell the truth , I do not see why I should . if I be mistaken , correct I . do we sell you the cocaine ? do we push it up you nose ? Larry and Frank slow at the last skid row stretcher . on one , noel , a young dark - skinned man with chaotic mess of dreadlock , pull feverishly at he restraint : noel for God 's sake , give I some water . from the next stretcher a man with foot swollen purple like prize eggplant reply : big feet shut up ! goddamn civilian . noel give I some water ! nurse crupp stop Frank and Larry as they approach the critical care room . inside , the staff appear as if under siege by a battalion of shrivel man and woman lie on a field of white sheet . nurse crupp do not take another step . we be on diversion . can not accept any more patient . you dispatcher should have tell you . frank we get he at eighteen and second . you be close . nurse crupp where will I put he , Frank ? look . tell I . frank he want to come here . Said the nurse at misery be the best . nurse crupp ( acquiesce ) all right , give I a minute . I will kick someone out of slot three . Larry unravel himself from the iv line as nurse walk over , take burke 's pulse . noel ( to Frank ) Excuse I . you be a very kind man . I can see that . a man like you could not refuse a poor sick die helpless man a small cup of water . frank I can not . I have to stay with my patient . big feet shut the fuck up ! if it be not for this dun foot I would get up and kick you ass ! dr . hazmat , 30 , step over . hazmat godammit , guy , what be you do to I ? we be all back up in here . Christ , would you look at he ? he 's gonna need the work . what 's wrong with he ? larry you should know . you pronounce he . hazmat you tell I he be dead . flatline . frank he get better . hazmat I hate pronounce people dead over the phone . ( flash light in burke 's eye ) better , huh ? they be fix and dilate . he 's plant food . nurse crupp ( return ) we steal a stretcher from x-ray . no pad on it , but I do not think he will mind . put he in three , next to the overdose . hazmat he 's we lowest priority now . he should not even be here . all this technology . what a waste . back at security , the burk confront griss . griss please folk , step back . ( they hesitate ) do not make I take off my sunglass . in critical care , Larry wheel burke into unit three as Dr. hazmat turn Frank to face the room , explain : hazmat first-time heart attack , age 45 . should have go to the ccu ten hour ago . there 's three body up there Mike the one you just bring in . over there , two aids patient , one in twelve fill up with liquid . I be gonna hafta intubate because the kid 's mother will not sign the do not resuscitate . mercy kill do not translate well in Spanish . it 's a sin to tube this kid . Three more od from some new killer junk . they call it Red death . hazmat pull out a vial mark with a red skull and crossbone , show it to Frank . noel Water , water , water , doctor man , water . hazmat a mix of heroin and I do not know what else , some kind of amino acid maybe . stuff so strong they be drink it with grain alcohol . you have to use ten time the usual amount of narcan and watch out when they wake up , liable to go nut on you . frank ( about Noel ) he one of they ? hazmat no , that 's Noel . use to be a regular off and on , have not be in in a while . he seize and almost code -- I give he a hypertonic solution . he drank so much the kidney be take out salt . one for the textbooks . noel oh doctor , you be the great . you must help I . big feet for God 's sake , give he a drink of water . hazmat I be help you , Noel . you could die if you drink more water . nurse crupp pull on hazmat 's arm . hazmat ( cont 'd ) what be it ? she point to burke . his monitor be ringing like a fire alarm . hazmat and crupp rush over , wave to other : hazmat ( cont 'd ) crupp , start cpr . milagros , get I a epi . Odette wake up Dr. Stark . tell he I need a blood gas , stat . as the staff crowd around burke , pull the paddle from off the monitor , Frank , push he stretcher away , notice Big foot climb onto he infect foot , hobble over , work to untie Noel . noel bless you sir , bless you . big feet shut up . Frank head down skid row push the stretcher , pass nurse constance speak with a man with a gash over he eye : nurse constance ... so you get drunk every day and you fall down . tell I why we should help you when you be go to get drunk tomorrow and fall down again ? Frank push the automatic door button -- and be suddenly hit from behind by Noel . the stretcher spin sideways . Noel dive out the door for the water fountain , snort up water like a bull . Mary burke , stand with she family , look at Frank . frank ( stock reply ) he 's very very sick . mary I know he . that 's Noel . frank we would better go outside . quickly . Frank and Mary step out into the humid night . CUT to : ext . mercy emergency --night check behind then , Frank stop . Mary pause before she speak : mary be there any chance ? frank ( shake head ) I guess there 's always a chance . the door break open . Noel come fly out , bounce on the sidewalk . griss , in the doorway , close the door . Mary go over to Noel : mary Noel , Noel , it 's I , Mary . from 17th Street . noel Mary , Mary , Mary . I be so thirsty . they will not give I anything to drink . please , Mary . mary ( head inside ) I will get you some . Frank watch : Mary return with a cup of water , give it to a grateful Noel . frank I would not do that . ( Noel drink ) the doctor seem to think he 's suffer from some rare disorder . mary it 's not so rare . he grow up on we street . he 's have a rough life and he 's a little crazy from it , but that 's no excuse for not give someone a lousy cup of water . Mary start to cry . Frank fumble in he pocket , find a tissue , give it to she . mary ( cont 'd ) my father 's die , Noel . noel oh Mary , Mary , Mary . Noel hug she clumsily , he shoulder bob . Frank watch , realize this be what he should have do for she . CUT to : ext . east side street --night 13 Zebra cruise down Avenue C , Frank at the wheel , Larry shotgun . larry the chinese close in five minute . beef lo mein . it 's be on my mind since I wake . whatjathink ? frank I think the moment that food hit you mouth we will get a job . larry turn here . you miss it . the chink be on 3rd . franks turn , get jamme up behind a pimp car at second and Avenue B , a corner populate by pusher and hooker . two whore stand in front of a abandon building . Frank turn to look . whore # 1 hey ambulance man . what you look at ? the second whore , wear a yellow vinyl coat , turn . she have a face that instantly freeze Frank : the Rose face . pregnant , she gesture to she belly : whore # 2 pretty soon you will be come for I . larry some partner you be Frank . I coulda walk there faster . I be starve and you stop to talk to hooker . you be make I nut . be that what you be try to do , drag I down with you to nutsville ? Frank hit the whoop - whoop siren . the pimp in the black BMW jump , look back , realize its only a ambulance , and pull away . larry ( cont 'd ) ( slam dashboard ) oh no !-- I just remember . frank what ? larry I be so stupid . I have beef lo mein last night . I can not eat the same thing two night in a row . it 's almost two o'clock , what the hell be I gonna do ? what you get ? frank I be not hungry . larry oh yeah , you do not eat food . frank I eat . I just have not have coffee yet . larry coffee and whiskey , lucky you be not dead with that diet . wait , I have get it . half fry chicken with fries . let 's go , hurry up . come on . Frank speed up Avenue B. Noel , wear generic homeless combat fatigue , mutter to he friend in Hell , pass on the sidewalk . Frank notice another hooker , catch she face : the same face as the pregnant Whore # 2 . the Rose face . his mind drift : frank ( v.o. ) Rose be get closer . ever since the call a month before , when I would lose she , she seem like all the girl in the neighborhood . one of the first thing you learn be to avoid bad memory . I use to be a expert , but lately I would find some hole . anything could trigger it . the last month belong to Rose , but there be a hundred more ready to come out . CUT to : ext . chicken take -out --night the ems vehicle be stop at a fast food joint . Larry order , wait . frank ( v.o. ) this spirit be part of the job . it be impossible to pass a building that do not bold the spirit of something : the eye of a corpse , the scream of a love one . all body leave they mark . you can not be near the new dead without feel it . Larry get he chicken , chat with counter clerk , return . frank ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I could handle that . what haunt I now be more savage : spirit bear half - finish , homicide , suicide , overdose , innocent or not , accuse I of be there , witness a humiliation which they could never forgive . Larry climb in , set he take - out on the dash , hand Frank a coffee . a police walkie-talkie be in the front tray . larry turn it off . frank what ? larry you know what . the radio . police dispatch ladder four , respond to a 10 - 22 four flight residential , 317 East 32nd . larry let 's do it . it might be a good one . frank you want it turn off . there 's no such thing as a good fire . people get burn up . they can not breathe . larry that 's what we be here for . come on , Frank . frank do not push it , Larry . larry you be burn out . radio dispatcher one-three Zebra . Zebra three , I need you . larry you see , he 's give it to we anyway . radio dispatcher Zebra , be you there ? I be hold a unconscious at first and St. Marks . larry ( scream ) no ! it 's three o'clock . that can only mean one thing . frank Mr. oh . larry it 's Mr. oh. I be not answer it . radio dispatcher answer the radio Zebra . you know it 's that time . larry four time this week I have have he . be not there any other unit out there ? do not answer the radio . they will give it to someone else . radio dispatcher thirteen Zebra . one - Three Zebra . you be go out of service in two second . pause . neither move . larry look , Frank , when I say do not answer it , that mean answer it . ( pick up the mike ) you can do that for I at least . ( key mike ) Three Zebra . radio dispatcher yes , Zebra . you will be drive to the man who need no introduction , chronic caller of the year three straight and shoot for number four . the duke of drunk , the king of stink , we most frequent flier , Mr. oh . larry ten-four . ( Frank start the engine ) do not go . not this time . frank ( drive off ) relax , it 's a street job , easy except for the smell . we will just throw he in back and zip over to mercy -- no blood , no die , that 's how I look at it . he 's just a drunk . larry it 's not we job to taxi drunk around . frank they will just keep call . larry someone 's gonna die someday causa that bum , go to have a cardiac and the only medic will be take care of Mr. oh . CUT to : ext . first &amp ; ST . mark --night Frank and Larry stand over Mr. oh , 40 , surround by street people . oh lay curl up beside he wheelchair , wear a black garbage bag with hole cut out for he arm , he pants around he knee . male STREET person # 1 he 's bad mister . he be not eat nuthin all day , he 's seize and throw up . larry ( hand over nose ) so what 's different ? male STREET person # 1 he say he foot hurt . frank well why do not you say so ? larry he 's drunk . male STREET person # 2 he 's sick . you gotta help he . larry he 's fine . he can walk to the hospital . female STREET person walk ? you crazy ? he 's in a wheelchair . larry do not start that . I have see he walk . he walk better than I . Frank crouch over oh , try to pull oh 's pants over he white , dirt -stain ass . oh moan : mr. oh oh , oh , oh . larry that 's he , Mr. oh. ( pull at he arm ) get up . Larry and Frank get oh to he foot only to have he stumble over he lower trousers . this time Frank lift he , set he white ass cheek into the wheelchair . they push he toward the ambulance . crowd good luck ! get better ! CUT to : ext . first ave -- night 13 Zebra head up first , double caduceus symbol shine from the back of the van . Inside the cab , Larry and Frank lean out the front window to avoid the king of stink : larry faster ! God ! frank ( flip on top light ) faster ! CUT to : int . mercy er --night griss hold up he hand : griss get that stinky - ass motherfuck bug-ridd skell out of my face . Frank and Larry stand beside oh slump in he wheelchair . fellow drunk welcome they comrade from plastic chair . nurse constance escort a young man from the triage area : nurse constance I would have to register you to give you something to eat and my conscience just will not allow that . griss , the gentleman want to leave . ( look at oh ) he look pale . you be not eat enough . you need more fiber . griss show young man the door . larry ( hold up he report ) he 's waste . that 's my diagnosis : shit -face . nurse constance he just need a bath and some food . take he in back and see if you can find a stretcher . larry ( to Frank ) she 's nut . that 's why he come here . she encourage he . griss return as crupp call from critical care area : nurse crupp do not you dare ! that 's my last stretcher . this be not a homeless shelter . he will have to wait in the lobby . griss no way man . not even in the corner . griss can not abide the funk tonight . Larry and Frank turn , secretly pleased , and wheel Mr. oh outside . CUT to : ext . mercy emergency --night Larry set oh outside the entrance , head towards the all night deli . Frank take out a cigarette . Mary burke walk up the drive open a pack of cig . Frank offer she a light . she inhale , exhales : mary it 's my first cigarette in over a year . frank the first be always the best . mary it 's the wait that 's kill I , not know , you know ? it 's really hard on my mother . the doctor do not think my father will make it . he say he be dead too long , after six minute the brain start to die and once that go , close the door . frank you never know . mary I mean if he be dead , I could handle that . frank at least he 's get people around he . mary I be not so sure . my father and I have not speak in three year . when my brother call to say my father be have a heart attack , that he would lock himself in the bathroom , all the way go over I be think how I be gonna tell he what a bastard he be . then when I get up the stair and we move he onto the bed , I think of all this other thing I want to say . frank even when you say the thing , there 's always more thing . mary right now , I be more worried about my mother than anything . they will not let she see my father . frank go home . take she home . get some rest . not go to find anything out now . mary that 's what I tell she . if she could just see he a second , then I could take she home . Larry walk back with a coffee for himself and a brown bag beer for Frank . larry time to switch . I wheel , you heal . CUT to : ext . lower east side -- night 4:00 be . the ems vehicle drive downtown . the city have transformed : a desert city , inhabit by the hardcore : hardcore night - shift employee , hardcore party - goer , hardcore druggy , hardcore homeless , people with something special to do or nowhere to go . radio dispatcher 12 David on the corner of thirty - eight and two you will find a three - car accident , two taxi and a taxi . one -two Henry , 427 East two-two , report of a very bad smell . no further information ... Larry drive at a good clip , riding both the gas and the break pedal , enjoy the newfound freedom of movement . frank Larry , swing over on eighth . we be gonna hafta run one of this call . larry relax , will you . Frank place both hand on the dash as Larry squeal around a corner . frank ( v.o. ) the biggest problem with not drive be that whenever there 's a patient in back you be also in the back . the door close , you be trap . four in the morning be always the worst time for I , just before dawn , just when you have be lull into think it might be safe to close you eye for one minute . that 's when I first find Rose ... Larry slow down on a side street . Frank turn to watch a homeless man . the man look back : it 's Rose . the Rose face . frank ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) she be on the sidewalk , not breathe . Frank turn to Larry : frank ( cont 'd ) I be not feel very well , Larry . I say we go back to the hospital and call it a night . larry you have no sick time , Frank . no time of any kind . everyone know that . frank take I back , put I to bed ; I surrender . we have do enough damage tonight . larry you take thing too seriously . look at we , we be cruise around , talk , take some quiet time , get pay for it . we have get a good job here . frank yeah , you be right . Larry pull into the Jacob riis project by the river , slow to a stop . Larry cut the light , not bother to inform he partner what he partner already know : they be take a rest . CUT to : ext . riis project --night 13 Zebra sit in the quiet dark . Larry puff a cigarette . frank tell I , you ever think of do anything else ? larry sure , I be take the captain 's exam next year . after the kid be in school , Louise can go back to the post office and , I think , what the hell , I will start my own medic service . out on the Island the volunteer be become salary municipal . it 's just a matter of time and who you know . someday it 's go to be Chief Larry call the shot . Larry toss the cigarette out the window , lean against the door jab , close he eye . in a second he 's asleep . Frank turn down the radio volume : the call be fewer and further between now . Frank lean back , try to rest : frank ( v.o. ) I would always have nightmare , but now the ghost do not wait for I to sleep . I drank every day . help other and you help yourself , that be my motto , but I have not save anyone in month . it seem all my patient be die . I would wait , sure the sickness would break , tomorrow night , the next call , the feel would drop away . more than anything else I want to sleep like that , close my eye and drift away ... timecut : radio wake Frank from he reverie . radio dispatcher Zebra . one-three Zebra . ( Frank open eye ) Zebra , answer the radio . come on , I have get one for you . pick up the radio and push the button on the side and speak into the front . frank ( answer call ) Zebra . radio dispatcher male bleed , corner of Houston and one . no further information . frank ten-four . Frank hang up , bang Larry 's steering wheel : frank ( cont 'd ) we have a call Chief . somebody 's bleed , Houston and first . Larry instinctively reach for the ignition key , start the engine , drop the ambulance into gear , hit light , jerk the ems bus away , still half asleep . CUT to : ext . houston &amp ; first -- night 13 Zebra come to a bone jarring stop at the corner . get out of the techie seat , Frank see Noel , he face bloody , charge at he . noel kill I ! Noel have slice up a tire and fastened the piece with string over he shoulder . tin can circle he wrist and ankle . one hand carry a break bottle , the other a stringless violin . Frank jump back inside as Noel ram the window , leave stain from he blood - matte dreadlock . Larry call for backup : medic , police , firemen , anybody . the side window glass bend as Noel ram he head against it . Frank reach for the short club between the seat ; Noel hold the jag bottle to he neck . frank Noel , do not ! Noel drop the bottle . Frank roll down the window . larry he 's crazy . frank you really think so ? noel see , I can not do it . I come out of the desert . frank you come out of the hospital . you be tie down and hallucinate . you get some bad chemical in you head , Noel . there 's some medicine at the hospital that will fix that . noel no , no medicine ! Noel swing he bloody dreadlock : Frank ducking , get splatter anyway , roll up the window . larry he get you . a black punk call from the crowd : black punk do it ! man want to die . take he out ! I know how to kill that mother . ( point a finger ) pop , pop . Noel , spraying blood , chase the punk . the crowd scatter . Noel trip , fall to the sidewalk . Frank , carry the short bat , get out , walk over , hunch beside Noel : frank Noel , you do not let I finish . we have rule against kill people on the street . look bad , but there 's a special room at the hospital for terminate . a nice quiet room with a big bed . noel oh man , do you mean that ? ( smile ) thank you man , thank you . how ? frank well , you have you choice : pill , injection , gas . a siren draw closer , Noel get to he foot as Larry open the rear door . noel I think pill . yes , pill , definitely . a second ambulance skid to a stop . tom wall , 35 , a 220 pound bald - head bruiser , get out . larry Jesus , Tom wall , that crazy motherfucker . frank use to be my partner . wall Frank , this the guy you call about ? I know he . ( push Noel ) you give my friend here any trouble and I will kill you . noel yes , at the hospital . wall this look like a very bad man I take in a couple week ago , a man who would be hold two priest hostage with a screwdriver . I tell he if I ever catch he make trouble again I would kick the murdering life outta he . frank it 's not worth it , Tom . he 's surrender . wall no prisoner . do not worry , Frank , just a little psychological first aid . wall haul back , swing at Noel ; Noel duck . wall ( cont 'd ) stay still , dammit ! wall throw Noel against the bus , knock he down , set to kick he . frank do not do it , Tom ! Noel moan . Larry stick he head out the back of the bus : larry there 's a double shoot three block - up . first and third. confirm . wall ( look up ) we will do it . wall release Noel as Noel scramble into the bus , Frank step over he , Larry climb into the driver 's seat , Frank close the door . Noel tremble : noel at the hospital . you tell I at the hospital . Larry squeal off full gun , all siren blaring : the wah , the Yelp , the Super Yelp . Strobe bar , side strobe , quarter panel strobe . rock and roll . CUT to : ext . first &amp ; third -- night both ems bus break to a stop at the crime scene , cop hold the crowd back ; wall , Frank , Larry , wall ' partner move through the crowd . frank &amp ; wall ems . move it ! bystander man just walk up and shot them . not a word . man , that be cold . two boy , drug dealer , lie bleed on the sidewalk . Frank drop to he knee beside one , wall the other . Larry wheel out the stretcher . frank ( to drug Dealer ) where you hit ? voice in crowd outlaw do this . he work for cy . two white vial roll out of the drug Dealer 's shirt : mark with red skull and crossbone . Frank look over -- they be go , swipe by eager hand . listen for a heartbeat , Frank call to wall : frank Major Tom , I be go to misery . you take yours to bellvue . CUT to : int . 13 zebra ems vehicle --night Larry charge through the night while , in back , Frank , stethoscope in he ear , wrapping a tourniquet around the drug Dealer 's arm : he 's die fast . frank you be gonna feel a stick in you arm . do not move . drug dealer I do not want to die . noel I want to die . I be the one . drug dealer oh Jesus , I do not want to die . frank you be not go to die . noel what do you say ? frank ( to Noel ) shut up . you be go to die and he 's not . get it . drug dealer ( weak ) hold my hand . frank I can not . I get to do the other arm . drug dealer please . frank ( to Noel ) hold this -- right there . if you let go , I swear , I will not kill you . Noel hold iv bag as Frank search for a vein , insert second iv needle . CUT to : ext . mercy emergency --night Larry pull into we Lady of mercy emergency . Frank say to the boy : frank it 's all right . we be here . no answer . Frank feel for a pulse , listen with the stethoscope : nothing . Larry open the door . larry Noel , let 's go . Frank turn to he partner : frank he 's not breathe . call a code . Larry and Frank pull the dead boy out of the bus . CUT to : int . mercy er --night Frank finish he report , hand a copy to the clerk , look around the now almost empty wait area . John burke sleep slump in one of the chair . griss stand at he post . pull out a pack of cigarettes , Frank step outside . CUT to : ext . mercy emergency --night Frank exit , light up . the sky be go blue . Inside the open rear door of 13 Zebra , Larry mop up bloody floor . Mary burke , weary , step beside Frank . mary hello again . he offer a cigarette . she accept : mary ( cont 'd ) you should not smoke . frank it 's okay . they be prescription . ( beat ) Works better with a little whiskey . mary that 's my brother 's problem . he 's pass out inside . Larry jump theatrically out of the ambulance , swing the mop wildly over he head : larry that 's it ! I can not do it anymore ! Mary laugh once , less than a second . she notice blood stain on Frank 's shirt : mary that boy you bring in , he be shot , be not he ? frank yes . mary he 's dead , huh ? frank yes . mary ( pause ) I think this place stink . frank we Lady of misery . mary do you see my father ? frank no . mary it 's crazy in there . what 's wrong with that doctor ? he keep mumble , poke himself in the eye when he talk to I . frank he 's work a double shift . mary thing be , I be suppose to be the fuckup . the one on the stretcher in there -- that 's suppose to be I . with my parent cry out here . I get a lot of guilt , you know what I mean ? he do . mary ( cont 'd ) my father 's in a coma , now my mother 's go crazy . it 's like she 's in a trance . frank she should go home . mary I would take she , but then who would stay here ? Frank look at she , try to say the right thing . he notice Mrs. burke come from inside . frank here she be . Mrs. burke , daze , step out . they join she . mrs . burke it be not he . mary you see he ? mrs . burke they show I someone . it be not he . it be not my husband . frank Mrs. burke , please , they will take care of he . you should go home now . mrs . burke I should know my own husband . they would not let I see he . she drift away . Frank speak to Mary : frank Larry and I will drop she back home . help I get she to the ambulance . mrs . burke you want some coffee ? I have some apple sauce cake too . they walk Mrs. burke to 13 Zebra . mary thank you . Mary watch as Larry back up the ems vehicle , Frank sit in the back with she mother , pull into first light . dissolve to : ext . 12 th STREET --early morning Larry drop Frank off at the corner of first and sixteenth , drive on . it be as if the sun have rise on a different city , different from the one which Frank drive through the night before : a city of crumble neighborhood laid bare by sunlight ; a city of day people , get up , have breakfast , go to work . CUT to : int . franks apartment--day Frank 's studio apartment betray a minimal existence : single bed , table , fridge and stove , loveseat , bookshelf , television . the bookshelf contain a CD player , medical text , old schoolbook ( " romantic poetry " ) , paperback novel and , incongruously , a picture book of woman 's fashion . a frame commendation from the New York Fire Department hang beside and open closet of work clothes , corduroy jacket , two tie on a hook . remnant of a fast food breakfast on the table . aluminum foil cover the window , block out the sunlight . Frank stand bareback at the single open window , smoking , drink from a glass of whiskey , look across the gray cityscape of high rise and water tank : wind down from the night 's work : frank ( v.o. ) save someone 's life be like fall in love , the best drug in the world . for day , sometimes week afterwards , you walk the street make infinite whatever you see . once , for week I could not feel the earth . everything I touch become light . horn play in my shoe ; flower fall from my pocket ... time dissolves : Frank pace the room . pour himself another drink . frank ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) you wonder if you have become immortal , as if you save you own life as well . what be once criminal and happenstance suddenly make sense . God have pass through you , why deny it , that for a moment there , God be you . time dissolve : window be close . Frank toss in he sleep . nightstand alarm buzze . Frank sit up , look at the clock . stretch he neck , he walk over to the sink , run water on he hand and face . CUT to : ext . ems garage --night the maintenance garage and dispatch office adjacent to we Lady of mercy . CUT to : int . ems garage office -- night Frank stand on one foot before the desk of captain barney , 50 , ex-paramedic and lifetime civil servant . frank good morning , Captain . capt . barney look over to miss william , he secretary , seat at a desk perpendicular to he : capt . barney what be I go to to do with this guy ? ( to Frank ) pierce , I be just on the phone with borough Command . out of twelve shift this month , you have be late for nine , sick four and that include the shift where you come late and go home early . frank I be sick . that 's what I have be tell you . capt . barney you be kill I , you know that ? you get no sick time accord to Command . I have be tell to terminate . frank it 's okay . I will just get my thing out of the locker . capt . barney I have never fire anyone in my life . frank I be sorry Captain . do not take it too hard . capt . barney nobody tell I to fire anyone . I tell they : shove it up the big one . ( look at miss Williams ) sorry. ( back to Frank ) I say , you want to fire he , come over and do it yourself . frank you know they will not do it . it 's up to you . you gotta be strong . capt . barney I feel for you , but we get a emergency here . it 's a weekend of full moon . everyone 's call in sick . Larry , veeber , stanley too . we need body out there . I have to put Marcus on twelve Young . you know he 's not suppose to work two night in a row . frank you swore you would fire I if I come in late again . capt . barney I will fire you tomorrow . Hell , better than that , I will forward you some sick time . a week , two week off -- how about that ? frank I do not think a week 's gonna do it . capt . barney I be sorry , pierce . ( hand Frank key ) you be go out with Marcus . duty call . the City need you . CUT to : ext . second avenue --night 12 Young head downtown , light off , slow down for cross street . at the wheel : marcus , 45 , black , reserve , chin erect , seem too old for the job . Frank ride techie . marcus my Lord mother man , you look like hell . what be you drink ? frank the captain almost fire I tonight . I be on my way out . anytime now . marcus nobody get fire . look at I . only thing they might do be transfer you to the bronx . you look like you age ten year since I ride with you last . frank the ghost -- marcus you ever notice people who see shit always , be crazy ? frank I think the worst be over . marcus it can always get worse . you can not change what 's out there , only where you be come from . you get to let the Lord take over , in here . ( point to Frank 's chest ) love , a black , tough - talk female dispatcher , come on the radio : dispatcher love twelve young. ( beat ) let 's go , twelve Young . answer the radio . frank hey , Marcus , it 's Love . I have not hear she in month . marcus she only work when I be on . I make she wait and it drive she crazy . frank be it true that you and Love go on a blind date ? ( Marcus look away ) she hit you with a bottle ? marcus she love I the way no woman ever have . dispatcher love twelve Young , I do not have time for you game . now answer I or do I have to come out there myself ? marcus I usually do not do call before coffee . but I think it might do you some good . ( pick up mike ) twelve Young be here and I be gonna take care of you , baby . do not you worry about a thing , yahear , cause Marcus be alive and on arrival . dispatcher love I be not you baby , Young , I be not you mother either . you be go to a cardiac arrest , Avenue C and ninth , northeast corner . it 's a club . take the side entrance . marcus ten-four , hon. ( to Frank ) this be for you . Marcus flip on the light and siren . CUT to : ext . ninth &amp ; avenue c-- night Marcus grab the yellow airway bag , leave Frank to lug the three heavier piece as they push they way through the crowd toward a black jackete doorman hold a walkie- talkie : marcus ( to crowd ) I hope we be not late from you guy hold we up here . CUT to : int . club backstage --night the doorman lead Frank and Marcus through the smoky graffiti - cover backstage ante-room to a cubicle where a knot of club type and band member hover around ib bangin , 18 year - old white rapper , face up , blank - eye and breathless on dirt - impact carpet . hip -hop music echoe from the club PA . Frank kneel beside ib bangin , take a pulse , realize it 's the gray and black stage makeup make he seem doa . he pull up ib bangin 's eyelid , shine a light into the pupil . marcus okay , what happen ? drummer he 's go to be all right , right ? marcus no . he 's dead . drummer no way , man . marcus he 's dead and there 's nothing we can do . come on , Frank , that 's it . frank ( whisper ) he 's not dead . it 's a heroin overdose . break out the narcon . marcus ( announce ) he 's dead unless you folk want to stop bullshit I and tell it straight . then , Lord willing , we will try to bring he back . bystander he break up with he old lady . girlfriend we do not break up . we be just see other people . marcus I be still wait and this young man be still dead . bystander she break he heart . the girlfriend shoot a look at the bystander . Marcus just stand , hand on hip , silent . Frank open the drug box . the drummer relent : drummer all right , all right , he 's be snort that Red death stuff . be go for four day . marcus ( bring hand together ) what 's he name ? drummer ib bangin . marcus what would you mean ib bangin ? what kind of name be ib bangin ? girlfriend ( hesitant ) it 's Frederick . Frederick Smith . marcus ( to body ) okay , freddy . girlfriend it 's Frederick . marcus okay , ib bangin , we be gonna bring you back . every person here grab the hand of the person next to you . Marcus assist they as Frank break the cellophane off a syringe , locate a vial of narcon . Frank give Marcus the high sign -- Marcus raise he hand : marcus ( cont 'd ) oh Lord , here I be again to ask one more chance for a sinner . bring back ib bangin , Lord . you have the power , the might , the super light , to spare this worthless man . Frank inject ib bangin : he respond to the narcon with a jolt , open he eye , raise he hand . girlfriend ( kneel ) Frederick ! bystander oh wow , man . oh wow . ib bangin ( sick ) what happen ? girlfriend you die , you stupid bastard . I warn you . drummer you guy be awesome . frank ( to ib bangin ) c'mon . Frank and the girlfriend guide ib bangin to the door as Marcus collect the gear . marcus not we . the first step be Love . the second be mercy . he follow Frank , ib bangin and girlfriend out , call for the crowd to clear . CUT to : int . mercy er --night ib bangin sit with nurse constance in triage . past griss , Frank talk with Dr. hazmat : frank that guy I bring in yesterday , post - cardiac arrest . he 's go . hazmat burke . you will not believe it . he 's show cognitive sign . he start with spontaneous respiration , now he 's fight to pull out the tube . have to sedate he . he 's in a cat scan . I be give he every test I can : thromboytics , steroid , nitrodrip , heparin . frank what do you think ? hazmat who know ? it 's all lower- brain-stem - activity . the heart refuse to stabilize - - he 's code eleven time since he get here . this guy 's a fighter . every time the valium wear off he start yanking that restraint . frank the family know ? hazmat I want to bring they in , to see if he would respond to voice , but they be not in the wait room . the guy 's daughter be in my face all last night and when I finally have something positive to tell she , she 's go . Frank nod , walk down skid row , pass nurse constance lecture ib bangin : nurse constance ... you put poison in you vein and now that you be breathe again you can not wait to say thank you and go back to poison shopping . well , since we save you life , maybe you could do we a favor and stop breathe in another city next time ... CUT to : ext . first ave -- night 12 Young head up the avenue . marcus I ever tell you about the time year ago I be on this ledge uptown , try to talk this psycho inside ? frank where the guy jump and you almost fall . no , you never tell I that story . marcus no , you never listen . I be go , man , if someone on high have not pull I in . I have put all I have into save this dumbass lowlife suicidal that when he go down , there be a part of I that want to go with he . frank make a leave here . I want to stop . CUT to : ext . burke apt . build -- night Marcus stop the ambulance on 17th Street . frank I will be right back . Frank get out , walk over to the intercom , push the button for 5a . Mary answer : mary ( v.o. ) yes ? frank hello , I be Frank pierce , from the ambulance last night . I bring you father into the hospital and I just learn some news . mary ( v.o. ) I will be right down . Mary appear in a white sweater and simple gray skirt like schoolgirls wear . the dark makeup be go . she look happy . mary ( cont 'd ) he 's better , be not he ? frank well , the doctor say he 's show some movement . it 's still early , it might mean nothing , but I think you would want to know . mary I know . I sense it when I hear you voice . frank you look so different . mary I know . it 's awful , be not it ? night of the live cheerleader . frank I think it look good . mary I be go nut in that wait room so I come back to check on my mom . frank how be she ? mary sleep . frank I be just go to get some food . pizza . maybe we could . mary you can not kill my father that easy . he will fight forever . like with I : have not talk to I in three year . but it 's okay . sometimes you have to put thing behind you . Mary step to the curb , raise she hand for a taxi . none in sight . frank be tough to get a taxi here . we can give you a ride if you like . mary ( look at he ) okay . Frank open the back door of the bus , climb in behind Mary . they sit on the bench opposite the stretcher . marcus who 's that ? frank she 's the daughter of a cardiac arrest I bring in last night . I tell she we would give she a ride back to misery . her father 's show sign of improve . marcus oh , Frank , you have get it bad , so much worse than I think . frank I be hungry too . we gotta get some food after this . marcus God help we , he 's hungry too . Marcus turn on the radio , a old song from the sixty , as they head uptown . CUT to : int . mercy critical care --night Frank and Mary walk past the triage station toward the curtain corner where she father lie . next to burke , Dr. hazmat assist a aids patient amid a forest of iv tub . Mr. burke lie prone , two iv line hang from pole , intubated by a hose run to the ventilator , a no tube cover he nose . his eye be permanently half open . burke 's hand and foot be tie by white nylon restraint . Mary take she father 's hand as Frank pull the curtain . mary dad , can you hear I ? ( beat ) open you eye if you can hear I . a nearby patient scream . Mary burke scream too : mary ( cont 'd ) he squeeze my hand ! Dr. hazmat and milagros , a intern , walk over . mary ( cont 'd ) he 's move , Doctor . he grab my hand . move you hand , dad , one more time . ( burke 's hand twitches ) ) see. see . hazmat I will be damned . ( check 's burke 's pupil ) it 's movement , but I be not sure how voluntary . mary he hear I . open you eye , dad . burke 's eye fully open . his cheek ripple and he lip smack against the tube between they . his back arch , he body shake , he arm yank at they restraint as if reach to pull out the wire and tube . Green light dance across the ekg screen , alarm sound : first the cardiac monitor , next the ventilator . hazmat nurse crupp , I need ten milligram of valium . hazmat and milagros hold down burke 's arm as crupp prepare the valium . Mary back away . frank why do not we go outside for a little while , wait until this pass . they step away . CUT to : int . locker room --night pass griss ( read anti-white agitprop ) and wait room regular , Frank lead Mary to a small rectangular paramedic locker area : sofa , desk , two bank of gray locker , wall decorate with hospital rule and regulation . frank he want to pull that tube out . it 's pretty painful -- that 's why they keep he sedate -- but it 's a good sign . mary you sure ? I know my father would hate to be tie down . he would not even go to the dentist . he sit across from she , wishing he could be in three seat at once , each to watch she from a different angle . frank that 's how it 's do . you have to keep the body go until the brain and heart recover enough to go on they own . mary he 's better , though , right ? frank ( reluctant ) he 's better . mary look , I be sorry , but it 's important to I . I mean , a week ago I be wishing he be dead . and now I want hear he voice again , just once more -- you know what I mean ? Marcus enter with a small pizza and two coke . marcus go over to sal 's get this . there must be some place in Hell for a guy who sell a dollar- fifty a slice . I call you if anything come up . frank thanks . Marcus exit . mary I be not really hungry . she say as she pick up a slice of cheese pizza . mary ( cont 'd ) my father be a great man , you know . there be nobody he would not help . you know that crazy guy Noel who I give water to last night ? he live in we house for almost a year . a total stranger he would do anything for , he own family though ... frank it 's best not to ... ( off she look ) it 's good pizza , huh ? mary not as good as nino 's . frank you remember that pizza place , Joe 's on tenth Street maybe fifteen year ago ? when you order a pie it come with a little plastic madonna in the middle ? mary yeah , or Saint Anthony . you from the neighborhood ? frank I grow up on Elizabeth . I go to bless sacrament . mary on yeah ? I go to Holy name . where would you go to high school ? frank we move out after that . upstate . mary like everybody else -- except we . always stand on the sidewalk wave goodbye to move truck . you parent ... ? frank they be fine . my old man be a bus driver , mom a nurse -- I be sort of bear to it , I guess . mary you marry ? frank ah , no . I be . ( beat ) it 's hard to explain . she have a hard time adjust to , well , maybe it be my fault too . pause . this think hang in the air . from outside : a bellicose drunk be escort into the er . drunk ( o.s. ) White cocksucker ! get you -- ow ! mary be it always this bad in here ? I mean , how do anyone survive ? frank it 's be bad lately , but it 's always bad . mary how long you be do this ? frank five year . mary wow , you musta see some thing , huh ? what 's the worst thing you ever see ? frank you learn to sort of block it out , you know , like cop fence off a crime scene . but then something good will happen and everything will just glow . mary you must get a lot of overdose . I bet you pick I up a couple of time . frank I think I would remember that . mary maybe not . I be a different person then . do everybody you meet spill they problem on you like this ? frank mostly . it must be my face . my mother always say I look like a priest . mary ( wipe she mouth ) I better go check on my father . thanks for the pizza . I owe you one . maybe when he get better , you know , when we be do with all this . frank sure . Frank put he hand out but she 's already on she foot . he grab the last slice of pizza , hand it to griss as she head back to critical Care . frank ( cont 'd ) look after she , griss , okay ? griss nod . CUT to : ext . canal STREET --night 12 Young back on the job , move with traffic . marcus rule number one : do not get involved with patient . rule number two : do not get involved with patient 's daughter . you understand ? frank what about rule number three : do not get involved with dispatcher name Love . marcus you do not know the first thing about rule number three , cannot begin to understand the complexity of that rule . come on , let 's go look at some hooker . the kit kat will be let out . ( relevant to nothing ) do not ever call a junkie whore a crackhead . they get real mad . Marcus swing up first Ave : marcus ( cont 'd ) look at this woman . you can not even tell who 's a hooker anymore . whatever happen to go - go boot and hot pants ? they wear anything now , walk outta the house with whatever they get on ... Frank watch night tableaus ( police car flash , lover kissing , woman cry hysterically , drunken slugfest ) as he mind wander : frank ( v.o. ) the street be so much more unpredictable than the er and to prepare for the unexpected I be teach to act without think , like a army private who can take apart and reassemble a gun blindfolded ... Frank notice another ems bus : Tom wall wheeling a stretcher -- Noel , face bloody , lie restrain as wall ' partner open the rear door . frank ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I realize that my training be useful in less than ten percent of the call and save someone 's life be rarer than that . as the year go by I grow to understand that my role be less about save life than about bear witness . I be a grief mop and much of my job be to remove , if even for a short time , the grief starter or the grief product . it be enough I simply show up . Marcus continue as if uninterrupted : marcus ... look at she . leave you no idea what 's underneath , not even a suggestion . could be a skeleton for all you know . they pass a work girl in a rain slicker who pull off she hood to look at they : a familiar face . marcus ( cont 'd ) Nice though , pull back she hood as we drive by . there 's a mystery to it , then she show you . frank she 's no whore , Marcus . marcus we be all whore , Frank . you know what I be talk about , the way she look at I . frank she be not look at you , man , she be look at I . Frank , look back at the Rose face , hear she faintly say : " rose " why do you kill I , Frank ? frank I do not kill you . Marcus , not hearing " Rose 's " voice , reply : marcus no , you do not , Frank , thank you . but there 's still a couple hour leave on the shift . frank I need a drink , that 's all . dispatcher Love 's voice cut through : dispatcher love twelve Young , answer the radio . I have a call for you . marcus she say to I , I love the way you talk on the radio . dispatcher love I can not wait all night , Young . I be hold a priority and if you do not answer I be go to knock you out of service . marcus ( key radio ) do not worry , hon . Young be here and he 's gonna help out -- just remember , you owe I . dispatcher love you be go to three - four Avenue C , 17 year - old female cardiac arrest , no further information . marcus ten-four , hon . Marcus hit the siren . CUT to : int . rundown tenement--night Frank and Marcus stand in a no-income apartment with they cardiac equipment . maria , a 17 year - old Hispanic girl , lie moan and breathe shallow on a ratty sofa . carlo , she equally young boyfriend , watch anxiously , hold a candle for light . marcus look at that . a fat junkie . that 's a first . frank ( to Maria ) what 's wrong . carlos speak break English : carlo no English . she have terrible pain in she belly . frank ( hand on stomach ) pregnant . carlo no , no , that 's impossible . frank be you pregnant ? estas embarazada ? Maria shake she head , look away . frank ( cont 'd ) can you walk ? puede caminar ? carlo she say she in great pain . frank thanks for the translation . ( to Maria ) what 's you name ? nombre ? maria Maria . frank let 's have a look . marcus ( to carlos ) you know each other a long time ? carlo two year . ever since we leave island . marcus in that time , you ever have sex ? carlo never . no cigarettes , no drug , no booze . marcus no underwear ? carlo we be virgin . frank ( inspect Maria ) oh Jesus , we would better go . call for backup . Marcus radio for assistance . frank ( cont 'd ) it 's come . ( to carlos ) hold she down . marcus what 's that , Frank ? frank Three leg . marcus that 's too many . frank backup ? marcus it 's come . carlo be she die ? frank she 's have a baby . twin . carlo es impossible . frank you can trust I on this one . carlo it 's a miracle . Maria scream . Marcus kneel beside Frank as a distant ems siren grow louder . frank you take the first one . Frank look up at the scream mother : it 's not she face . it 's Rose . the Rose face . CUT to : int . mercy er --night Frank rush past nurse constance , carry a newborn in thermal wrap , pass Noel restrain on a gurney : frank she have a pulse . nurse constance code ! code Blue ! hazmat rush over : hazmat oh Jesus , put she on the monitor . where 's the pediatric code cart ? ( Odette arrive with cart ) Odette give I that tube . all right , flatline - - let 's do cpr . step back , Frank . how many month ? frank can not tell . it be a breech , twin . the other one seem okay , though . Marcus be take he and the mother to maternity . across the room a obscenity - spout female crackhead be restrain by a patrolman and hospital security -- add to the sense of emergency and chaos . dr . mishra , 50 , pediatric md , and nurse squeeze toward newborn edging Frank back . mishra take a osteocatheter out of the cart , force it into the now obscure baby as nurse constance massage the infant 's chest . hazmat step over to the now restrain crackhead . crackhead I be a mother ! I get a daughter ! I get rights ! hazmat ( to nurse ) 10 mile valium , stat . mishra , worried , check with nurse constance -- they be lose the newborn : mishra status . nurse constance I think there 's a pulse . I think . Frank look at the ekg monitor - - a green flatline -- back away . mishra fuck . nurse constance nothing . Frank walk away , not look where he 's go , back into Noel 's gurney . noel Excuse I , sir , excuse I , I would please trouble you for one cup of water . the smallest thing in the world to ask for , water . a man be die and that be I . Noel , he face batter from he encounter with wall , pull at he restraint , howl : noel ( cont 'd ) for day I have eat nothing but sand , o Lord , I wait so long . hazmat look over : hazmat Christ . who the hell wake he up ? CUT to : ext . canal STREET --night 12 Young on the road again , sky turn blue . frank do not give I that look . marcus what look ? frank you know what I be talk about . it 's all over you face . that i- just - save - a-little - baby - boy look . marcus we just save a little baby boy . think of it that way . frank I do not want to hear about it , okay ? that 's three job for the night . it 's over . Three job and time for a drink . six be , the cocktail hour . pass the bottle ; I know you be hold . Marcus reach under the seat , pull a pint of vodka , a quart of orange juice and two cup out of a old gym bag , pass they to Frank . marcus the bar be now open . Frank mix a screwdriver for Marcus , straight vodka for himself . frank I hate vodka . marcus please , a little decorum if you will . what I be go to say be , be that hold that baby in my arm , I feel like I be twenty - one again . a call like that make I think of go back to three night a week , not two , start run again , cut down on the drink . frank ( pour drink ) I will drink to that . marcus ( raise cup ) here 's to the great job in the world . frank ( knock vodka back ) greatest job in the world . dispatcher love twelve Young , I have priority hold . pick up the radio . frank do not do it , Marcus . tell she the bus die , we radio 's not work , we back be out . tell she we be too drunk to take any more call . marcus let 's do it ! ( key mike ) it 's Marcus , Love , only for you . dispatcher love male diff breather , approximately 30 , Houston and a . marcus ten-four . Marcus hit the siren and light , accelerate to full speed . the vodka spill ; Frank grab the dash . marcus ( cont 'd ) I be come , Love ! I be come ! Marcus swing the bus wildly to avoid a cab , skid into a turn -- and smack toward a park truck . Frank cover he face and scream . crash ! the back of the ambulance ram into the truck , the rear window shatter . marcus ( cont 'd ) shit . Frank look around , realize no one be hurt . he climb out : marcus ( cont 'd ) where you go ? frank I quit ! I be through ! marcus you can not leave I now . Frank walk up Avenue a , leave Marcus and the disabled vehicle . the first ray of sun strike the building ahead . CUT to : ext . mercy emergency--daybreak Frank turn the corner , check he watch , about to enter the Dark bar across the corner from the hospital , watch Noel run past he and away , skip from one foot to the other . frank so long , Noel . the emergency door open : Mary burke , head down , look neither direction , walk away from Frank . griss step out after she . Frank join he : frank ( cont 'd ) what 's go on , griss ? griss you friend there just untied the water beggar . griss be come out to thank she . probably save griss a murder charge . ( about Mary ) have a tough time of it . Mary start to run . Frank follow . she push she way through a group of high schooler ; Frank do likewise , keep he distance . five block later , Mary hesitates at a plaza outside the stuyvesant town project , CUT to : ext . stuyvesant town --morning Frank stop a few step away from Mary ; Mary turn . frank Excuse I . you seem like you be in trouble . mary ( step over ) I be all right . I just can not stand to see people tie up . I be in the wait room for hour , listen to Noel scream . the only reason he 's scream be ' cause he 's tie up . frank do not seem so bad to I . mary do not say that . I want to cut my father loose too . they tell I he almost die and five minute later they say he 's better and I go in . it 's kill I see he fight like that . ( gaze up building ) look , since you be here , maybe you could do I a favor . I need you to wait for I outside this building , okay ? I have to visit a friend who 's sick . frank okay . Mary take a few step , turn back . mary I be only ask because it 's a dangerous building . there 's be some robbery , a woman be rape not long ago . this woman I be see , she will want to talk to I all day , but if I can point to you out the window and say you be wait , I can be out quick . if anything happen , I will be in apartment 16m . frank maybe I should come up with you . mary if I be not back in fifteen minute , hit the buzzer . that way she will let I go . frank nothing 's go to happen . I will come with you . mary no , I will be fine . I be just visit a sick friend . she walk into the building . he follow . CUT to : int . elevator --day the dinge metal door shudder shut as Frank follow Mary into the graffitty elevator . it jump three foot upwards , stop , then continue , metal scraping concrete at each pass floor . mary I should not have ask you to come . frank you ask I not to come . mary promise you will not go inside . frank Fifteen minute . mary I just have to relax a little . not feel so guilty all the time . frank we can still go back . I will walk you home . you sleep a couple of hour , watch some tv , take a bath . mary do not be a cop . if you have any doubt about this , it 's my fault . the elevator jerk to a stop ; the door open . CUT to : int . sixteenth floor--morning Mary turn to Frank : mary you go on home , okay . I be fine , really . I do not need you . thanks . Mary push the bell at 16m . kanita , 25 , wear a paisley robe , open the door and say : kanita hey cy , guess who 's here ? coate ( o.s. ) Mary ... the elevator door close on Frank . CUT to : int . lobby --morning Frank pace past the sleep security guard , check he watch . he press the elevator button . CUT to : int . the oasis --morning the door to 16m open : kanita can I help you ? frank Mary burke . she 's a friend . kanita she 's not here . Frank push past she . kanita ( cont 'd ) wait a minute . you can not go in . cy coate , 45 , light - skinned black , stand in the smoky room . Dark curtain window block the sunlight ; a dirty fish tank cast a green glow across the beat - up furniture . a large frame photo of a volcano hang over the couch . coate it 's okay , kanita . come on in . kanita he look like a cop . coate he 's not a cop , he 's a medic . ( extend hand ) I be cy coate . frank Frank pierce . coate Mary say you might be come . frank where be she ? coate sleep in the back . frank she ask I to pick she up . coate I know , but she tell I to tell you she want to crash here a few hour . terrible about she father , be not it ? frank I better just go in and see she . kanita sit on the sofa next to a unshaven sleep man . coate gesture : coate I call this the Oasis . refuge from the world out there . do you know two people be shot in this building last week ? Frank head down the hall toward the rear of the apartment ; coate follow . they pass a open door where inside TIGER , a fat man with dry blood run down the corner of he mouth , sit punch computer key at a desk . coate ( cont 'd ) careful . that 's the Tiger . the lady 's down the hall . welcome to sunrise enterprise , Frank , the stress - free factory . in the next room Mary lie on a mattress on the floor , yellow sheet pull up to she neck . Frank lean over she : frank Mary . Mary , we have get to get go . mary ( groggy ) no , no . coate she want something to help she sleep . frank Mary , we really have to go . Mary blindly swing she fist at he , collapse unconscious back to the mattress . coate Frank , she 's suffer enough . she 's okay , I promise . ( put hand on Frank 's shoulder ) c'mon , Frank . coate escort Frank back to the live room . coate ( cont 'd ) I be always interested in people in stressful occupation and be a paramedic be about as stressful as I can imagine . here , sit down . what 's it like ? tell I some war storey . frank ( sit ) get a beer ? cy sit across from he , pull out a pin-size joint , light it : coate that shit be poison , Frank . we do not drink alcohol here . what you need be one of this . frank do you give Mary something call Red death ? coate Red death ? ( pass joint to kanita ) tell I something , Frank -- do kill you client make good business sense to you ? the kid sell that shit have no sense . they will be take care of , do not worry about that . frank I should be go . I just quit . coate sleep be all stress reduction . here. ( offer white pill ) you take one of this , sleep two hour , that 's all you need . ( Frank hesitates ) why do you think I be tell you this , Frank - - for my health ? you ought to look at yourself in the mirror , man . kanita , get he a glass of water . Frank watch as kanita get up , walk to the kitchen . coate place the pill in he hand . frank be this what you give Mary ? coate that 's the stuff . I call it the Red lion . very king - of- the-jungle . no language , only brute power . you can not believe how relax it be . kanita return with a glass of water , give it to Frank ; coate stand , feed the fish . coate ( cont 'd ) Frank , I be try to help you . drink up . Frank swallow the white pill , drink the water . he place he arm on the chair : frank I guess I will be go . coate just take it easy . Frank look around the smoke- fill room . kanita walk over , extend she hand . kanita take my pulse . ( he do ) it 's good , be not it ? frank perfect . kanita I know it . I be wrong about you . you be not so bad . kanita run she hand across he shoulder . Frank start to nod . the room get warm and dark . his eyelid lower : sleep , precious sleep . CUT to : franks rose dream voice and sound echo through the purple haze as Frank 's mind drift in time and space . action and sound slow , speed up , distort -- intermix with the Oasis - - as Frank go back : this be how it begin : the last time , the first time ... Larry exit 13 Zebra as Rose , 18 , wear a yellow rain slicker , fall to she knee in the miasmic dream stank , onto the sidewalk , then onto she back . from forty foot away Frank , see she reach for a parking meter , grab the tube kit , run . Rose gasp for breath , Frank fall to he knee , lift she tongue , pry she tooth apart , slip the blade between she lip -- Rose not breathe : wait for she to inhale , shoot the tube down she vocal cord . Larry listen to lung sound , belly sound : larry you be in the stomach ! frank you sure ? rose Rose ! frank huh ? rose my name . Rose . larry you be in the stomach , man . Frank pull the tube out , try again . somewhere : cy coate laugh . larry ( cont 'd ) you be in the stomach ! let I try . frank one more time ! Rose go blue , pulse rate drop , ekg slow : Jim morrison sing . larry stomach again . frank no way ! Larry rip the tube from Frank 's hand , take over , push Frank aside , try cpr , intubate Rose , air move into she lung -- it do not matter . Rose be go . Frank hear a scream : it 's he own voice . CUT to : int . the oasis -- day Frank stand scream in the live room . cy walk over , kanita stand , the sleep man awak . coate Frank , take it easy . what happen ? kanita he flip out . Frank bend over in pain . coate be cool , man . you be have a paradoxical reaction . it can happen . ( to kanita ) do not I tell you this guy be stress out ? kanita stress ? he 's psycho . Frank head to where Mary sleep . coate Frank , where you go ? in the back bedroom , Frank pick up Mary , hoist she over he shoulder fireman-style and head out . coate ( cont 'd ) you be make a mistake . sit down and relax a minute . Frank open the front door - - no one stop he -- exit . coate ( cont 'd ) ( call ) she will be back . and , by the way , you owe I ten buck . CUT to : int . stuyvesant lobby --day the elevator door open . Frank set Mary on she foot . mary I can walk . she say weaving out of the front door . CUT to : ext . stuyvesant town --day Mary walk a few step into the plaza , stumble ; Frank catch she . mary let go of I . ( he relax ) you should not have come up . I tell you not to . you could have get we both kill . Mary head up the avenue : past baby stroller , postal worker , deliverymen . mary ( cont 'd ) you and cy have a nice talk ? he tell you about sunrise enterprise , help people ? well , I have see he hurt people . why be you follow I ? frank because you can barely walk . Frank walk slightly beside and behind , light a cigarette . mary you remember Noel , from the other night , how Noel be now ? he be not always like that . he be my brother 's best friend . cy or Tiger or one of that other goons put a bullet in Noel 's head . he be in a coma three month . crazy ever since . they stop at a three - story brick apartment building . mary ( cont 'd ) this be my place . she unlock the door . he follow she in . CUT to : int . mary apt . build --day Mary grab the railing , head up the stair . mary what be it ? you want to help I , you feel sorry for I ? keep it to yourself . frank I need to sit down a minute . mary or maybe you wanna fuck I ? everyone else have . Mary open the door to she first floor apartment ; Frank follow . the room be clean and feminine . unframe water color stack against the wall atop a desk . a black lab greet Mary , she pet he . Frank slump on the sofa . mary ( cont 'd ) I have be clean two year now . I get a job . I paint when I be home . do not bother anybody . then all this shit happen . Frank keel over onto he side , he head hit a cushion , eye close , dog lick he cheek . mary ( cont 'd ) oh no you do not . you can not stay here . he 's asleep , the sound of she cry fade in he head . fade out : int . mary apt .-- night fade in : a pass siren wake Frank . he think back , look around the darken room , realize where he be . the dog come over , lick he hand . frank hello , I be Frank . Mary 's friend . a very close friend who love animal . he remove the blanket Mary have laid over he , stand : frank ( cont 'd ) hello ? Frank walk cautiously through the dark , find a bathroom light by a glow mickey mouse switch . he flip on the switch : a string of green and red Christmas light glow . Three type of soap sit on the sink . he turn on the faucet : frank ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I wash my face with three kind of soap , each smell like a different season . it feel good to be in a woman 's room again , especially a woman who be not comatose or severely disabled . I feel that perhaps I have turn a corner , like I save someone , though I do not know who . CUT to : int . ems garage office -- night Frank stand at Captain barney 's desk . capt . barney you be late , pierce . I know , but I can not fire you . I have get nobody to work sixteen xray with wall . frank no ... capt . barney I get some form here to fill out about that accident when you get the time . ( hand he key ) I will fire you tomorrow . I promise . frank what if there be no tomorrow ? capt . barney go on , get outta here , pierce , before I give you a big hug . ( to miss Williams ) I love this guy . CUT to : ext . mercy emergency --night Frank walk toward sixteen xray as wall get out of the front seat . the ems vehicle be dent and rusted , a relic of war and a hodgepodge of part . wall Frank , what do you know . it 's you and I again tonight , the Rough rider , tear up the street just like old time . ( kick the front tire ) this old bus be a warrior , Frank , just like we . I have try to kill he and he will not die . I have a great respect for that . Frank make a " be right back " gesture , walk into er . CUT to : int . mercy er --night Saturday night at the knife and gun Club : the joint be hopping , the sound system blaring . Frank pass griss hold back a angry Hispanic man with a bleed arm : griss do not make I take off my sunglass . frank Morning , griss . nurse constance we be full up tonight , Frank . Frank walk over to unit three , Mr. burke 's cubicle , pull back the curtain . burke lie sedate , wire and tube . Frank lean over , feel burke 's pulse . Frank 's expression change - - he look at the ekg monitor : green line seem to be at war , normal beat march in formation against wild - look rhythm , the heart work hard and not get much do . burke 's face twitches . burke 's voice speak in Frank 's head : burke's voice go to the bank , boy , take out everything you can . Frank turn up the ekg amplitude : frank Mr. burke ? burke's voice I be go . I have have enough . the alarm start to ring : ekg first , follow by the bell off the oxygen saturation monitor and low drine of ventilator . intern milagros pull open the curtain behind Frank , shaking she head , reach for the defribilator paddle , hand they to Frank . he step back : frank you do it . milagros can not reach . you be taller . burke's voice do not do it . frank I think he be get better . milagros technically , yeah . I suppose . it do not matter . frank why not ? milagros tha family want we to do everything to save he -- so , that 's it . they want to keep he alive , they want to believe in miracle , we keep he alive . shock he , Frank . he will come back . he always come back . frank ( take paddle ) clear ! Frank shock burke : he body convulse . burke's voice ow ! the heartbeat on monitor return to regular formation . burke's voice ( cont 'd ) you son of a bitch . milagros should I increase the lidocaine ? Frank , despondent , not listen , walk away . CUT to : ext . avenue a-- night 16 xray drive past a strip of night club and restaurant : the sidewalk full of young people laugh , jostling , embrace . wall drive . in addition to the ems two - way and am radio , wall keep a police band walkie-talkie open . he look into the back of the bus : wall Frank , what you do back there ? Frank place a open drug box on the stretcher , pull out a iv set , wrap a tourniquet around he leave bicep . frank I be sick , Tom . I need a cure . ( inject himself ) vitamin B cocktail , follow by a amp of glucose and a drop of adrenaline . not as good as beer , but all I get . wall come on , Frank . there 's blood spilling in the street . Frank crawl back in front carry the iv bag , put on the oxygen mask , turn on the main tank , take a deep hit . frank ( pull off mask ) this be hard time , Tom . wall yeah . great , be not it ? frank great to be drunk . sobriety 's kill I . wall look up , Frank . full moon . the blood 's gonna run tonight . I can feel it . we mission : to save life . frank we mission be coffee , Tom . a shot of the bull , Puerto rican espresso . wall ten-four . El toro de oro. blast off . wall hit the siren , accelerate . frank the cure 's not work , Tom . maybe we should go back to the hospital . wall do not worry , kid . Tom will take care of you . put you head out the window , get some of that summer air . listen to the music . El toro de oro. andale . pronto . wall turn up the radio , drum he hand against the wheel . dispatcher okay , unit , it 's suicide hour . fourteen Boy , I show you in the hospital sixty minute but I know you be in the diner on 14th . put down the burger , I get a call for you around the corner , 14 and 3rd , a man with a noose around he neck and nothing to hang it on . sixteen xray , do not even think about get coffee , I have a call for you too . wall ( on radio ) sixteen xterminator here . we like we coffee bloody . make it good -- my partner 's die to help someone . dispatcher you be in luck , X : you patient await you with bleed wrist on Avenue C and fourth . Frank pull the iv needle out of he arm , search the glove compartment : frank Tom , where be the band-aid ? this be a ambulance , be not it ? wall ( hit the gas ) look out ! 16 xray lurch forward . CUT to : ext . avenue C and 4th -- night 16 xray brake to a stop before a duster of derelict , junky and night people . two drunk be try to help a friend with CUT wrist . wall what the hell 's go on ? drunk # 1 you have gotta take he to the hospital . he try to kill himself . show he you wrist . show A. cut wrist get up , lean against the ambulance , shaking . drunk # 1 ( cont 'd ) see , he be not right . wall hold it . I will not take anyone anywhere against he will . this be America . people have rights . drunk # 2 he be bleed before . he keep spilling he beer . I give he mouth - to-mouth . wall you be lucky you do not kill he . ( to cut wrist ) we be go to hear it straight from the loony 's mouth . be you crazy ? do you try to bump yourself off ? CUT wrist ( salivatory ) yesssss . wall why do not you say so . wall escort cut wrist into the back of the bus , pull a plastic electric patch off the ekg monitor . Frank join they . wall ( cont 'd ) Sir , I be go to give you some medicine that be still very experimental . it 's from NASA , and although the astronaut have be use it for year , we be the first service to try it . I will put this patch on you forehead like this , and in about a minute you will have to relax . ( place patch ) you will forget all you suicidal feeling . it 's very important that you wear this for a least twenty - four hour and keep check the mirror . if the patch turn green you have to see the doctor immediately . the side effect could be fatal . cut wrist nod . frank this be the worst suicide attempt I have ever see . you feel the pulse ? here . that 's where you cut , and it 's not across , it 's down like so . ( take out he knife ) here take it . CUT wrist ( shaking ) I can not . frank with all the poor people of this city who want only to live and be viciously murder , you have the nerve to sit here wait to die and not go through with it . you make I sick . take it . cut wrist bolt out of the back of the bus , trip as he hit the ground , run down the street , turn the corner still hold the patch to he forehead . wall we cure he , Frank . when we work together there 's nothing we can not fix . CUT to : ext . EL toro do oro -- night 16 xray park outside a fluorescent chrome and plastic coffee shop . CUT to : int . EL toro do oro -- night Frank smoking at a formica table , he walkie-talkie upright next to a ashtray . wall return with two espressos as the dispatcher rattles on . wall ( sit ) sound like they be try to clean up the bus terminal tonight , Frank do not answer . Tom shine he mini-flashlight in Frank 's eye : wall ( cont 'd ) hello , hello . Major Tom to Frank , time to come home . Frank watch a hooker on the sidewalk . two street punk drip gold and attitude head the opposite direction : one turn he head , look at Frank - - it 's Rose . the Rose face . Frank get up , grab he walkie and coffee , head out . wall ( cont 'd ) where you go ? frank c'mon , Tom . the city 's burn . CUT to : ext . houston -- night Frank at the wheel , drive high speed : radio full volume . wall whatja do ? frank I feel the need , the need for speed . I be drive out of myself . wall the brake be shot . frank I have take that into consideration . wall you okay ? frank I never feel better in my life . dispatcher sixteen xray , xray . frank ( key radio ) x. dispatcher first of all , I want you to know how sorry I be about this . I have always like you two . a unit above none , a legend in its own lunchtime , so it hurt I deeply to do this but I have no choice . you must go to second and St. Marks . in front of a liquor store you will find a forty year - old male , unconscious , lie next to he wheelchair . do I have to say more ? frank ( to radio ) you have say too much already . wall Mr. oh . frank it 's early for he . wall that 's all right , we be not mean to do oh tonight . something be go to happen . I can feel it . Tom hear something on the police band : a call for unit to stuyvesant town . wall ( cont 'd ) bingo . ( key police walkie ) ems to Central . what be that call ? police dispatch a jumper . stuyvesant town . wall ten-four . one minute out . dispatcher sixteen , sixteen xray . level one emergency . but they be not listen -- Frank 's off to stuyvesant town . CUT to : ext . stuyvesant town --night Police car , fire engine , a massive emergency service rescue truck all flash dome light on the street , on the plaza surround cy coate ' building : cop , swat team , spotlight , onlooker . Frank and Tom , get out , look up : the spotlit figure of cy coate , thirteen floor above , suspend on a railing , leg dangle . wall whadda we bring ? frank better bring it all . CUT to : int . lobby --night Frank and Tom , lug they equipment , meet up with cop , firemen and they rescue equipment . frank the elevator 's fuck . we would never all fit anyway . let 's go . fireman that 's thirteen flight . wall the news guy just pull up . police sergeant the stair , man , the stair . the sergeant lead a half dozen cop and firemen up the stair as the elevator door open . Tom , Frank and two cop squeeze inside . wall this guy a jumper ? cop we get a call for shot fire on the sixteenth floor . the jumper call right after . frank ( to wall ) I be go to sixteen . as the elevator door close . CUT to : int . the oasis -- night Frank step out with the officer . the door to 16m be open : kanita lie half in , half out the door , a perfectly round hole above she eye , splinter of bone and blood down the side of she nose . the carpet be soak with water ; shard of glass lie amid die fish . a cop return from the rear hall of the apartment , stand before photo of volcano : cop that 's it , nobody else home . Frank , look over the balcony , see cy three floor below . frank I be go to thirteen . Frank head clown the stair . CUT to : int . thirteenth floor --night Frank emerge on thirteen : wall , the panting Police sergeant and team have overturn the furniture in 13m : the absent owner would have trouble recognize it . the floor be cover with gas-power metal cutter , acetylene torch , rope , harness . a trail of blood lead to where wall stand , Tiger 's prone body behind he : wall get this , Frank - - we get two patient . number one , the scarecrow outside . number two miss the railing but break both leg on the balcony , then throw himself through a glass window , head to the bedroom , where he 's now pass out . frank ( about coate ) well , he 's the steakhead of the night , then . wall I do not think the fire people can touch he out there . frank how 's he do ? wall I have not have a chance to see he yet . I be go to take care of sleep beauty . Frank go over to coate as two cop strap on harness . cy hang impale on the railing , a steel spike pass through he hip . glow in spotlight from thirteen floor below , Frank take coate ' vital sign , gently press he abdomen : frank do that hurt ? coate ( scream ) no ! Frank , iv bag in he tooth , put a oxygen mask on coate : frank I do not think you have hurt any major organ . ( set iv line ) we get to get you off this thing without set off bleed . cop behind click on harness ( " you in ? " " yeah " " you in ? " ) attach strap to piton they have hammer into the brick wall , bring out metal cutter and torch . frank ( cont 'd ) they be gonna torch the fence . you be gonna feel the metal get warm , maybe very warm . coate I can not hold up my head anymore . Frank pass the iv bag to one of the cop , hold coate , head . cy relax he neck as SPARKS splay like firework beneath he , fall to the concrete . coate ( cont 'd ) so , Frank , be I go to live ? frank you be go to live . coate I have be think about thing . meditating on my financial future . you guy give I plenty of time to meditate on the future . whatja do , stop for chinese on the way over ? there 's plenty of food in my place . frank I be tired . I need a coffee . coate what about kanita ? frank Dead . coate that 's too bad . get some money , a nice look girl on you arm , and everyone want to take a piece . some kid I would not let wash my mercede be in my house , shoot at I . damn , I think I could make it onto the balcony like Tiger . he 's fat , that 's why , fall faster . I be try to watch my weight , and look what happen . be I shot , Frank ? frank no . coate Boy can not shoot for shit , either . goddamn that 's hot . Frank look : the spike in coate ' hip start to glow red . cy stretch he hand toward the skyline , he face backlit by raining acetylene spark : coate ( cont 'd ) be not it beautiful ? when the fire start to fall , then the strongest rule it all . I love this city . the torch break the spike free : Frank and coate free fall three foot , jerk to a stop . cy yelp . the crowd cheer from below . Frank now grab , hold coate tightly -- Frank 's hand the only thing keep coate from fall -- as the cop hoist they up . cop ( to Frank ) good thing we buckle you in , huh ? coate what about I ? who 's suppose to buckle I ? cop ( to 2nd cop ) I think you do . 2 nd cop I think you do . cop ( to coate ) I be so sorry , sir . the cop lift Frank and coate onto the balcony . CUT to : ext . mercy emergency --night 16 xray park in front . CUT to : int . mercy critical care --night Frank walk out of the restroom wiping water off he face , look at the gurney where coate lie on he side , metal spike still stick through he hip , iv line run to he arm , eye close . nurse walk past coate : he 's stabilize , wait he turn . cy , take a number . Frank spot hazmat at burke 's cubicle , walk over . hazmat nurse crupp , we be go to need some valium here . he 's waking up again . the ventilator alarm go off as burke pull at he restraint . hazmat ( cont 'd ) ( urgent ) where 's that valium ? nurse crupp walk briskly over , inject needle into one of burke 's iv bag . burke 's voice speak in Frank 's head : burke's voice do not . do not do it . hazmat give I a hand , Frank . I have get to get something between that tooth . Frank help hazmat force in a bite stick . the monitor alarm cut off , the ventilator start up again , pump air in , pull air out . hazmat ( cont 'd ) you can not believe how much he 's improve . frank how many time have you shocked he tonight ? hazmat fourteen . we finally get he a room upstairs . should be up there in a couple of hour . frank what do you do , just have someone follow he around with a defribilator ? hazmat ( laugh ) that 's good , Frank . no , but they might surgically implant one , about the size of my thumb . it go near the shoulder here , with two electrode connect to the heart . it send a shock whenever it sense a drop in blood flow . amazing , be not it ? frank a medical miracle . CUT to : int . mercy waiting room --night Frank notice Mary burke in wait area with she brother , mother and several other . go be the lose daughter , the scared junkie . tonight she 's dress for strength : leather jacket , blue jeans , black work boot . mary everyone , this be the medic who bring my father in . Frank , this be some of my father 's friend . Frank greet they . family friend we live out a the Island now , but we use to live right down the block from Pat . he be like a saint to we . come as soon as we hear . frank ( to Mary ) I be go out for a smoke . Mary whisper something to she mother , join he . CUT to : ext . mercy emergency --night Frank offer she a cigarette . wall wait in 16 xray , now park at the curb . mary I hear cy coate be bring in . he look pretty bad . frank he will be all right . mary too bad . he call I up today , can you believe that ? I do not know how he get my number . he ask I do I want to come over and see he , I tell he I would rather go to a leper colony . he say there 's a new gang that want to kill he , take over the business . I tell he I hope he 's right . that they kill he . that 's what I tell he . frank it will be a while before he 's up and run again . mary ok , last night I be weak . it will not happen again . and all that shit I say -- it be just because I be stone . forget it . frank no problem . thanks for let I crash . it be the best sleep I have have in month . I use some of you soap . mary I wish this people would leave already . I can not listen to another story . do you see he ? ( Frank do not answer ) that doctor say the brain be come around . they be wait for the heart to stabilize . I do not know who to believe . he say they still have to keep he tie up . frank can I bring you something back to eat -- a falafal , some pizza ? mary no , we just eat . I only remember how tough my father be . now I know he have to be like that , to make we tough . this city will kill you if you be not strong enough . frank no , the city do not discriminate . it get everybody . wall flash 16 xray 's headlight , hit the horn . frank ( cont 'd ) I gotta go . another call . Frank , he heart pound , step closer to she . frank ( cont 'd ) we be all die , Mary burke . he lean as if to kiss she . mary this be not a good time . frank there 's no time . he place he hand on she shoulder , kiss she lightly , walk toward wall and the wait ambulance . CUT to : ext . first ave -- night 16 xray be cooking now -- wall at the wheel , Frank shotgun , pass a pint of whiskey back and forth : radio blast -- inx : " the Devil Inside . " wall get ready , Frank . miss a drug shoot while you be dick around in there . there 's gonna be trauma tonight ! frank as long as we keep move . no stand still . wall ( key mike ) c'mon , look at you screen . give up some blood ! dispatcher sixteen xray , a man at the bus terminal shot three year ago say he arm hurt . Frank look at a group of girl exite a after-hour club : every one a Rose . Rose face . frank c'mon , Tom , pick up a job . wall you want some bum in the bus terminal ? we will wait for a real call . frank let 's get in a fight , then . wall who with ? frank that 's you job . just keep drive , keep move . no stop . we be shark . we stop too long , we die . wall hit the accelerator : the old bus jerk forward : frank ( cont 'd ) let 's break something , Tom . let 's bust something , bomb something . wall what do you want to break ? frank ( take a drink ) I do not know - - let 's break some window . wall why ? frank destruction , distraction . I feel the need . wall you need a reason , Frank . you do not just go around break people 's window . that 's anarchy . frank what 's the reason ? give I a reason , Tom . wall let I think . Tom hit the siren as he swing wildly around a stop cab and its turban-headed driver : wall ( cont 'd ) classic cabbie move . ( to driver ) hey , swammy , that 's call a crosswalk . you stop before it , not on it ! wall turn onto a cross street , spot Noel stand by a mustang , baseball bat on he shoulder . he wear yesterday 's blood - stain clothes , cut tire tie to he shoulder and elbow , chest and belly wrap with steel wire . wall ( cont 'd ) I know who to work over . him . wall slow as Noel lift the bat , swing it into the mustang 's front window , shatter it , put the bat down , use it like a cane as he walk to the next park car . wall ( cont 'd ) this guy 's be terrorize the neighborhood for week , ever since he get outta jail , wreak general havoc , contribute to the bad name of the place . the term " menace to society " be make up for he . frank he 's crazy . he can not help it . wall ( stop ambulance ) well , why do not they put he away ? prison do not want he . I take he to the hospital yesterday and here he be again . Noel reach the next car , a bronco , carefully heft the bat , smashes it through the windshield . wall ( cont 'd ) look at that . tell I that 's a crazy person . every move be calculate . he know exactly what he 's do . this be the guy . I have be after he for week . he 's quick , run like a rat , tough for one person , but with two of we -- frank okay , whatta I do ? wall if he see I , he will run , so I will get out here . you start talk to he about baseball or something while I sneak around behind and get down and you push he . when he fall we get he . frank that 's ridiculous . wall believe I , it always work . the simpler , the better . frank you learn that in the army ? frank ( cont 'd ) flatbush . wall slip out , crouch beside the bus . Frank , step out , walk over to Noel as he whacks the bat through the hatch of a Pinto . frank ( cont 'd ) that 's a hell of a swing you get there , Noel . I be think strawberry in he prime . noel strawberry be not shit . drug pussy . ( head for the next car ) me. I swing like Reggie . Mr. October . number three , game six , World Series . Noel haul back , lay into a volvo : glass shatter . Noel hold the bat out , extend handle towards Frank : noel ( cont 'd ) here , you try . frank no , I would better not . noel sure , sure , give go . frank yeah ? Frank , intrigue by Noel 's suggestion , have forget wall ' plan . he take the bat as Tom sneak behind Noel , crouching . frank ( cont 'd ) what the hell . ( spit into hand ) the next year , tiebreaker for the division , in Boston , yank down two to nothing , bucky dent step to the plate . noel oh man , bucky . frank the pitch , high heater . bucky know what 's come . he step in , smash , over the green monster . Frank cock the baseball bat , relishing every moment , swing into the volvo 's side window . shatter glass fly on he hand and clothes . wall , feed up with this , stand : wall Frank , what the hell be you do ? Noel , see wall , grab the bat , flee down a alley . wall ( cont 'd ) you go down that stair there . meet I back here if you can not find he in ten minute . call out if you see he . get with the program , Frank . wall take off after Noel . Frank , take out he flashlight , enter second alley , walk down dark stair which hopefully circle around to Noel . CUT to : int . alley -- night mini-flashlight lead the way , Frank step gingerly down the refuse-strewn alley . ahead : footstep . he kick something , think it 's trash , look down ; a body rustle , pair of sleep eye look up . suddenly everything seem silent . he pass a row of glow red door . shadows flash in the distance . he hear a woman cry , shoot he flashlight she direction : nothing . Frank hear the voice again : Rose 's voice : rose's voice why do you kill I , Frank ? frank I do not mean to . rose's voice you should have help I . frank I try to help . I want to . shadows like hand extend against the wall ahead . rose's voice do not you love I ? Frank move toward the reach arm . the shadow swing like baseball bat . Noel scream . suddenly , before he , a blurry mass of bloody dreadlock -- Noel go fly to the ground , wall stand over he swinging the bat , hit he , kill he . wall I get he , Frank ! Frank stand back , watch wall and Noel like some static black and white tv screen from he childhood . Noel , try to protect himself , cry out . wall ( cont 'd ) ( swinging bat ) to the moon , Alice ! you little motherfucker ! Frank charge forward into wall , send Tom , the baseball bat fly . wall on the ground . Frank bend over Noel : Noel 's face cover with blood , gasp for air , blow red bubbles , convulse . frank ( to wall ) get the kit ! we be gonna tube he ! wall Frank ! frank do it ! wall ( stand ) Frank ! frank ( to Noel ) we be gonna save you , Noel . you be gonna be all right . ( to wall ) do it , Tom ! I will call for fuck backup , I swear ! wall you be crazy . Noel unconscious : Tom hurry down the alley toward the ambulance as Frank open Noel 's mouth . frank you be go to make it ! you be go to make it ! press Noel 's chest , Frank lower he mouth , start cpr . his mouth to Noel 's . in the distance : wall ' footstep return . CUT to : ext . mercy emergency --night 16 xray park out front : the sky be go blue . CUT to : int . mercy er --night Frank and Tom , they shirt blood -stain , push Noel down skid row , past griss , past nurse constance . Tom wheel , Frank carry the iv bag . nurse constance take he straight through . griss who get that funky motherfucker this time ? frank ( to nurse constance ) last show of the night . hazmat ( arrive ) Jesus Christ . nurse crupp ! ( to Frank ) anybody else hurt ? frank no . hazmat crazy fucker . wall push Noel into unit one . Frank look over to unit three -- burke 's cubicle be empty . frank where 's burke ? hazmat upstair . 212 . have to shock he twice more . Frank nod , walk out . behind , wall help hazmat and crupp place Noel on a bed . CUT to : int . room 212--night Frank pierce walk down the hospital corridor , step into room 212 . burke lie , tube , wire and tie to life support . Blue light come through the window . on the ekg monitor : a slow steady green endless line : up , down . Frank take a moment , exhales . one by one , Frank flip off the machine . the clanging ekg alarm be follow by the bass honk of the respirator alarm and two tweeter iv - drip alarm . Frank , hold burke 's pulse , watch the life go out of he . hear commotion outside , Frank flip the machine back on : the ekg monitor be flatline . a floor nurse rush in , feel for burke 's pulse . floor nurse what happen ? ( call out ) code ! Frank step back as the nurse hit the emergency switch . floor nurse ( cont 'd ) be we do cpr ? Dr. hazmat , out of breath , enter : floor nurse ( cont 'd ) he code . hazmat Christ , what a way to start the day . he 's in V -fib . shock he . Frank pull out the paddle , apply they to burke 's chest : floor nurse clear ! Frank , know it 's futile , shock burke : no result . hazmat Zap he again . Frank go through the motion , pretend to shock burke . the flatline do not waver . hazmat ( cont 'd ) nothing . get the cart , start compression , get a epinephrine in . Frank back out the door as a nurse and intern enter . in the corridor Frank listen as the activity become less urgent . hazmat step out : hazmat ( cont 'd ) that 's enough . I call it . let 's get some coffee . ( to Frank ) you gonna tell the family ? Frank nod . CUT to : ext . mercy emergency--daybreak Frank walk out of we Lady of mercy , head down the side street . he pass Tom wall wield a giant flashlight , smash sixteen xray 's headlight , dent the hood and side window . wall die ! CUT to : ext . mary apt . build --day Frank ring the buzzer . Mary , sleepy -voice , answer : mary ( o.s. ) who be it ? frank Frank . mary ( o.s. ) come on up . CUT to : int . first floor --day Mary , wear a burgundy robe , open the door . Frank say nothing . her expression darken . Frank look at she again : it 's not Mary , it 's Rose . Mary have Rose 's face . frank he 's dead , Rose . you father pass . rose / mary how can that be ? he be get better . frank he code . they shocked he one too many time . I be sorry . rose / mary he be tough . you do all you could . frank I be sorry . rose / mary you have to keep the body go until the brain and heart recover enough to go on they own . Frank nod . rose / mary ( cont 'd ) would you like to come in ? frank yes . Rose / Mary open the door wider , close it behind Frank . CUT to : int . mary bedroom --day Rose be Mary again : she and Frank lie clothed on she bed . he lean he head against she breast as she hold he . his eye close : sleep . the end