bring up baby ( 1938 ) : shoot script . Story by : wilde , hagar , 1905 - 1971 . screenplay by : Nichols , Dudley , 1895-1960 ; wilde , hagar , 1905 -1971 . copyright '' 1938 , rko picture Inc . character dr . david huxley susan vance constable slocum gogarty major horace applegate ( 1 ) [ scene detail ] 1 stock shot fade in Museum of Natural History in New York . dissolve through establishing shot to door lettere : david hatcher huxley curator of fossil reptiles private prof . digges latouche , who be bald - head and look as if he might be a Museum exhibit himself , enter from one side and knock tentatively on the door , which be immediately open by miss Alice swallow -- on she way out . she be carry a notebook and wear a tailore waist with a tie , tailore suit , flat- heele oxford . her hair be draw back very severely from she face in a knot and she wear pince - nez glass . prof . latouche oh , miss swallow -- be huxley in ? miss swallow ( indicate by a nod across the corridor ) he 's in the brontosaurus room . prof . latouche I be just wonder if he would hear anything from Utah . ( 2 ] miss swallow ( proprietary about David ) I do not think you can see he now , Prof. latouche . he have a appointment , almost immediately . prof . latouche ( with a friendly smile ) I understand we be go to lose you tomorrow ? miss swallow lose I ? how do you mean ? prof . latouche be not you and huxley be marry tomorrow ? miss swallow at three o'clock in the afternoon . I will be back at my desk by four-thirty -- unless David want to stop for tea . ( as he look surprised ) he want to take the day off , but I feel that he work come before everything . if I do not feel that way , I could not marry Dr. huxley . I belong in the Museum . prof . latouche ( smile ) that will work very well , young lady , until you have child . miss swallow ( with pride ) we have no intention of impede he work with domestic life . you know how he 's be work in that room for nearly four year -- prof . latouche ah yes , heart and soul ! ( 3 ] miss swallow ( proudly , indicate what the room contain ) that will be we child . she sweep on into the room across the hall and camera follows . we immediately see in a full shot the gigantic skeleton of a brontosaurus and David perch on a high stepladder near its head . Chin in hand , he sit on he high perch and absent- mindedly wriggle a jawbone of the reconstruct skeleton , which fill the entire hall . miss swallow approach the ladder and look up at he . he be still lose in think . miss swallow David ! ( raise she voice ) David ! david ( deep in think ) I be not sure this be not a part of the tail . miss swallow you try it in the tail yesterday , and it do not fit . david ( relieved ) that 's right . so I do . miss swallow come down off that ladder . I have something important to tell you . david ( come down ) and I have something important to tell you , Alice . I have a telegram from Dr. blakeley -- ( indicate giant spine ) and the last bone we need to complete this brontosaurus will very likely arrive here tomorrow . ( 4 ) miss swallow ( excitedly ) the intercostal clavicle ? david the intercostal clavicle ! think of it ! let 's go out and celebrate ! miss swallow ( stuffily ) you have not time to celebrate . you have a appointment with Mr. peabody . you be play golf -- at pipe rock . david peabody ? who be Mr. peabody ? miss swallow Alexander peabody -- as you should know , David -- be one of the biggest corporation lawyer in New York . he represent Mrs. carleton random . david oh yes . be not that the old girl who 's go to give the Museum a million dollar -- to complete this group ? miss swallow perhaps . a lot depend upon the impression you make on Mr. peabody . and do not call Mrs. carleton random ' old girl 's . David smile and kiss she on the cheek . this leave she unperturb . miss swallow this be hardly the place or the time , David . do go along or you will be late . ( call after he as he go out ) and do not forget you golf club ! ( more loudly as he reach the door ) and let Mr. peabody win ! ( 5 ] david ( absent-mindedly yes , dear . dissolve 2 ext . golf course - day we find Mr. peabody and David walk down the first fairway . Mr. peabody have make a straight long drive and they be now approach he ball . Mr. peabody be a gentleman of the old school , a man of high integrity and one who take he golf as seriously as he take everything else in life . Mr. peabody 's caddy be stand by he ball await the approach of David and Mr. peabody . David , who have be feverishly sell Mr. peabody on recommend he cause to Mrs. random , be still at it . david I can not tell you , Mr. peabody , how much this endowment would mean to the Museum -- and to I personally . I wish you would come to the Museum and let I show you what we have accomplish in less than four year . Mr. peabody have silently select a club , which he now waggle . david ( hover over Mr. peabody 's shoulder it 's breath -taking ! unless you have spend you life among old fossil , as I have , you can not realize the thrill -- the sense of power -- the almost poetic ecstasy there be in fitting one bone to another . Mr. peabody waggle the club silently and with irritation david if you could just give I some assurance -- that you will use you influence -- Mr. peabody rest he club head on the ground . [ 6 ] mr. peabody Dr. huxley , when I play golf I talk only about golf -- and then only between shot . we will take this matter up over a whiskey - and -soda when we have finish we game . I believe you hook you ball . ( gesture ) david ( back away ) oh yes , I do . I will be with you in a minute , Mr. peabody . he start off in the direction which have be indicate by Mr. peabody . Mr. peabody waggle once more , make a clean brassie shot and start after it down the fairway with satisfaction . 3 ext . golf course - another location - day David and he caddy come through the brush that form the barrier between the first and the eighteenth fairway . David stop and the caddy point past camera . caddy there it be , sir . 4 mo . long shot of the ball lie in a very conspicuous position , as Susan vance enter with a swinging stride . the ball be in the f.g. , as David and Susan both enter and converge on it from different angle . Susan have a iron in she hand . she reach the ball first , quickly take a swing at it , make a nice shot for the green . David call sharply , but too late . david that 's my ball ! susan ( turn on he reproachfully ) you should not do that , you know . she start walk toward the green and camera truck with they , as David follow , protest . ( 7 ) david ( try to keep he dignity ) but that be my ball . susan do not be ridiculous ! do not you see where it go ? right on the green ! david that have nothing to do with it . susan ( a trifle haughtily ) oh -- be you play through ? david no . I have just drive off the first tee -- susan but this be the eighteenth hole and I be right on the green . david but with my ball ! susan I never play the wrong ball in my life ! david what kind of ball be you play ? susan a Spalding special . david I be play a dunlop Green . susan ( airily ) that do not prove anything . [ 8 ] david ( follow she ) it will prove that you be play my ball . a Spalding special be mark with two black dot . a dunlop Green have a circle . susan ( as they reach the ball ) but this be the eighteenth green . david ( try to control he exasperation ) that have nothing to do with it ! susan ( in chill protest ) please ! with dignity she take a putter from she caddy . David point triumphantly at the ball , as she get ready to make the putt . david there you be ! it 's a circle ! susan of course it be ! do you think it would roll if it be square ? david ( as she putt the ball into the cup ) I be refer to the mark on the ball . ( dive on ball and pull it forth triumphantly you see , it 's a dunlop Green ! my ball ! susan ( pleasantly ) what do it matter ? it 's only a game , anyway . ( 9 ] david ( try to control he temper my dear young woman , you do not seem to realize that you have put I in a very embarrassing position . the most important corporation lawyer in New York be wait for I on the first fairway ! susan then it 's absurd of you to be fool around on the eighteenth green . david ( in a quiet frenzy as he hold up the ball ) do you mind if I take this with I ? susan no , not at all . ( call after he as he go off , follow by he caddy but it be my ball . 5 ext . golf course - a little distance away - day two shot -- David and he caddy , as they enter . David stare irritably first at the ball and then at the disgust face of the caddy . david what do I do now ? caddy well , mister , first I would hit she . then I would start all over . 6 ext . fairway - day Mr. peabody be wait on the fairway as we hear a shout of ' fore ! 's and he duck a golf ball that bounce past he . he be beginning to look annoyed . ( 10 - 11 ] 7 ext . at first tee - day David enter and doggedly tee he ball again . Rather grimly he take a driver from the caddy and begin to measure he swing . as he lift he club for the swing , a automobile horn toot nearby . he do not look around but the sound throw he off- balance . he drop he club and raise for another swing . another horn -- which distract he . as he raise the club again determinedly , there be the crash of bumper against bumper . he lower he club grimly and look around . 8 ext . parking space - day what he sees : in the parking space nearby , Susan be try to move she roadster out of a row of car . she have smack the car ahead . 9 ext . at first tee - day David be go on with he golf game , come hell or high water . he raise he club again and this time there be a terrific crash . slowly he lower he club and look around . 10 ext . parking space - day Susan in she car . this time she have back smack against David 's car and have lock bumper . 11 ext . at first tee - day David watch , dumbfounded . over he reaction we hear Susan racing she engine and grind she gear in a series of terrible noise , as she try to extricate she car . David suddenly drop he club and stride out . 12 ext . parking space - day Susan be racing she engine . she extricate she car , pull David 's car astern . David come run and jump on the run board of he car , yell the while . ( 12 ] 13 ext . golf course - first tee - day Mr. peabody stalk angrily into scene follow by he caddy . near camera he stop and look off with amazement . 14 ext . parking space - day what he sees : mo . long shot head and shoulder of David above a hedge . David be stand in he car , shouting at Susan , who be blithely towing he around the lane of the parking lot . Susan and she car be conceal by the hedge . 15 ext . golf course - first tee - day close shot -- peabody . mr . peabody ( summoning ) huxley ! 16 ext . parking space - day moving shot -- David be tow by Susan . camera be now on opposite side of hedge so that we see clearly David 's predicament . David turn and wave helplessly at peabody as he roll past . david I will be with you in a minute , Mr. peabody ! 17 ext . gold course - first tee - day close shot -- peabody for reaction . 18 ext . parking space - day full shot parking space as Susan , gather speed , tow David around a lane that bring he past the hedge again . {13 ] 19 ext . golf course - first tee - day peabody watch amazedly , he head turn . mr . peabody ( explosively ) huxley ! 20 ext . parking space - day what he sees : David 's head and shoulder glide smoothly along behind the hedge . he turn and wave placatingly . david I will be with you in a minute , Mr. peabody ! 21 ext . golf course - first tee - day close shot -- peabody , who be beginning to go to piece . his gaze follow David out of scene . mr . peabody ( in a temper ; to he caddy ) put my club in the car ! ( stalk out ) 22 ext . parking space - day moving shot -- David , still stand . he look after the depart peabody frantically , then slide down in the seat and viciously jam on the brake . 23 susan in she car stop so suddenly that she nearly go through the windshield . she look around , extremely irritate . 24 shot take in both of they . susan will you please stop follow I ? ( 14 ) david ( try to say that she have he car lock ) you have get my car ! susan ( indignantly ) be there anything in the world that do not belong to you ? david yes , thank Heaven -- you ! ( climb out of he car and stand on he own bumper now go ahead ! Susan drop the clutch in and she car start with a jump . the bumper 's clear on David 's side but the other side hold fast and he car be slew around , strike a tree . he jump clear but the rear fender of he car be smashed against the tree . david ( after a pregnant pause ) all right -- that 's one fender . go ahead ! this time she race she motor , drop in the clutch and tear he bumper off with a terrible grind noise . she nearly hit another line of car as she car leap ahead . she slam on the brake and stop in the nick of time . david ( after calmly surveying the damage ) do not go yet ! there 's still another fender ! susan it 's that model . they do not hold up . david ( quietly ) I have a choice between this and a tank . I should have take the tank . ( 15 ) susan ( brightly ) I be awfully sorry ! I will get you out . david just back out -- please . and go slowly . Susan back with great dexterity and seem to be clear the car perfectly when she front bumper catch he rear fender and rip it off . David climb into he car . Susan start to back out and he back out after she toward the parking space . look back , she inadvertently set she brake and David smack into she . she look around indignantly . susan there 's no need to lose you temper ! david ( quietly frenzied ) I be not lose my temper -- I be try to get back to my golf game . susan really , I be at the end of my patience ! and she put she car in gear , and try to go around he . in so do she smashes he only good fender . for the first time he lose he temper . he look after she car as it roll away down the driveway , then on a mad impulse drop into gear and follow . as she go out of the gate , he come around past she and scrape she front fender . her eye flash . she pursue he and take off he fender . they keep up this game , ad lib . director , until finally no fender be leave on either car and David be in a ditch . Susan be dishevel but triumphant as she sail off . dissolve brass door plate , which read : ritz -plaza dissolve out dissolve in ( 16 ] 25 int . cocktail lounge - night David enter in tail , carry silk hat in hand . the head waiter approach he . head waiter good evening , sir . have you a reservation ? david I be look for Mr. peabody . Alexander peabody . I be tell he be dining here . head waiter Mr. peabody have not arrive yet , sir . will you wait ? david yes . will you let I know when he come ? 26 full shot at bar . we see a number of people in evening clothes about the bar . camera move in on close shot Susan , who be carefully watch the bartender do sleight - of - hand trick with three olive . Susan , chin in hand , be obviously try to master he technique . we see that she have watch this for quite some time and be beginning to think that if a bartender can do it so can Susan vance . absentmindedly she place she purse on the bar , shove it a little away from she as she speculatively take a handful of olive from a large dish which stand before she . susan ( to bartender ) I have swear I would not eat a olive until I be able to do that . and I be get hungry for olive . she attempt a trick similar to he . we see the olive fly in a high be . Susan 's head tilt up and follow it and then as she head tilt down we know that it have land on the floor . 27 low camera a pair of masculine foot -- which we immediately place as David 's -- stride in , connect with the olive . the foot jerk wildly and David crash into scene , sit squarely on he silk hat . for a thoughtful moment he just sit there . ( 17 ) 28 two shot as Susan enter and regards David . susan hello . you be sit on you hat . david ( without move ) I know it . susan but that 's silly . david ( pensively ) I might have know you be here . the moment I sit down I have a feel . ( bitterly ) for six solid hour I have be engage in a vain attempt to find the man whom -- thanks to you -- I abandon on the first toe this afternoon . then you throw a olive at I and I sit on my hat . it all fit perfectly . susan the bartender be do a trick . sometimes the olive get away from he . david I be sure it be not entirely he own idea . susan well -- you can not learn a trick without drop some olive . you -- you -- have to practice . david ( violently ) go away ! susan I be here first . [ 18 ] david ( rise , make a few feeble pass at conceal the pancake which have take the place of he hat ) then I will go away . and he stalk out of scene . Susan stand , indeterminate for a minute . she think of follow he . then she think perhaps she will not . she move a few step to the leave , wonder if people be notice that she be a woman who have be abandon by a man for no reason at all , and then she walk out of scene with a assumption of indifference . she be however stare over she shoulder at David as she wend she way between the table . 29 david stand in the middle of the cocktail lounge try to pretend that he be there for a good time , that he have not sit on he hat and that the hat do not exist . 30 susan enter to where Dr. digby , a rather pompous dignify man of fifty in full evening dress , be sit wait for he wife , who have go to the lady ' room and leave she purse lie on the table . Susan 's distract gaze fall on the dish of olive on Dr. digby 's table . she smile pleasantly at he as she reach out , take a olive and sit on the lounge diagonally face he . susan do you mind ? I have be try to do this trick all evening . she try the trick unsuccessfully . the olive fly out of scene . dr . digby ( a little stiffly , watch the olive ) no . not at all . susan ( reach out again ) it 's very difficult . the bartender can do it . I do not see why he have to be so nasty about it . ( 19 ) dr . digby ( shove the dish toward she wo not you -- just take the olive dish ? susan no , thank you . I can reach . she try the trick and by some happy circumstance pull it off . she look as pleased as Dr. digby look surprised . susan I do it ! I know I could ! I will bet he can not do it . dr . digby you just say the bartender do it . susan I do not mean the bartender . I mean somebody else . now she be freed of she vow not to eat olive . she make conversation in order to have free access to the olive dish . susan have not we meet somewhere ? you face be familiar . dr . digby not to my knowledge . susan ( reach for another olive ) I be sure I have see you somewhere . my name be Susan vance . dr . digby you may have hear I lecture . I be Dr. Alfred digby . [ 20 ] susan ( deposit the olive pit in he ashtray and take another olive ) oh . what do you lecture about ? dr . digby ( on he favorite subject -- himself nervous disorder mainly . I be a psychiatrist . susan oh. crazy people . she take another olive and look off at David , who be stand near the step watch for Mr. peabody to come in . dr . digby ( settling down to a good discussion ) we dislike the use of that word . all people who behave strangely be not insane . susan ( now take two olive , look off past digby at David speculatively what would you say about a man who follow a girl around and then fight with she if she speak to he ? dr . digby be the young man you fiance ? susan oh no . I do not even know he . I never see he before today . he just follow I and keep fight . dr . digby the love impulse in man very frequently reveal itself in term of conflict . ( 21 ) susan the love impulse ? dr . digby without my know anything about it , my rough guess would be that he have a fixation on you . a fixation be -- susan ( rise and stare off at David . this be a lovely new idea ) wait . I can not remember any more . fixation the -- love -- impulse -- in -- man -- very -- frequently -- reveal -- itself -- in -- term -- of -- conflict . convulsively she clutches at Mrs. digby 's purse , think it be hers , and start to follow out this new train of think . camera pan with she as she hurry to David . susan ( confront David ) do you know why you follow I ? you have a fixation on I . david I have be stand right here . I have not move from this spot . and do you know what 's go to happen to you if you do not stop follow I ? susan ( fumble in Mrs. digby 's purse in a attempt to find she handkerchief ) do not be absurd ! who 's always behind who ? david I be not behind anything but the eight - ball . I have not be for hour . [ 22 ] susan ( stare at he , try to fix he with a hypnotic eye -- and still fumble in Mrs. digby 's purse ) the love impulse in man very frequently reveal itself in term of conflict . david ( stare at she blankly who what impulse ? susan the love impulse . before David can gather full violence for he answer she discover with a gasp that the purse in she hand be not she own . she look at it blankly . susan oh , but this be not --- now where do you suppose --- oh dear ! hold this -- do not go away . I will be right back . she thrust Mrs. digby 's purse into he hand and , have obligate he to stay by make he custodian of what he naturally assume be she property , she hurriedly exit in the direction of the bar . 31 dr digby' table Mrs. digby enter to Dr. digby . mrs . digby I be sorry I be so long , Alfred . dr . digby it 's quite all right . I be have a very interesting conversation with a young lady who do trick with olive -- when she get it right . [ 23 ] mrs . digby I get ' way to the lady 's room and discover that I would leave my compact in my purse . ( look for she purse ) Alfred ! where be my purse ? dr . digby you purse , dear ? I think you have it with you . mrs . digby Alfred ! no ! it 's go ! my diamond pin be in it ! they start look around under the table . 32 at bar Susan lean over bar anxiously . Jean , the bartender , without a word reach down under the bar , hand she she purse . susan oh -- thanks . I be a little worried . 33 near step David , look helplessly and angrily at the purse , start in the direction of the bar , apparently intent upon return Susan 's property to she . camera follows he as he pass the digby 's table . Mrs. digby rear up just as he pass . she clutches simultaneously at David , who be carry she purse , and at she husband , who be still search for it under the table . mrs . digby here -- wait ! Alfred ! now Alfred rear up and rise . mrs . digby Alfred ! this be my purse ! have this man arrest ! [ 24 ] dr . digby that be very clumsily do , young man . ( clutches at the purse ) david ( clutching back at purse ) give I that ! let go my arm ! dr . digby ( who have be expect a denial and have only one answer ) a likely story ! 33A at bar Susan , powder she nose , suddenly look over the top of she mirror out of scene . susan ( with a gasp ) ooh !!! ( jam makeup back into she purse and hurry out of scene ) [ 25 ] 34 group shot Dr. digby 's table . Dr. digby be hold fast to David , who be hold fast to the purse . dr . digby the content of that purse be easily identify . it 's madness for you to stand there and say it be not my wife 's . david ( as Susan enter hurriedly ) this purse belong to that young lady . ( point to it , look at Susan ) be not this you purse ? susan ( hold up she own purse ) no . this be my purse . the head waiter now join they . dr . digby armand , I think you would better call a officer . susan ( get between they ) I give he that purse . it 's all a mistake . you see , I lose my purse and I must have pick up you wife 's purse by mistake and I want he to stay here so I give he you wife 's purse while I go to look for my purse . I be come right back . ( brightly , as they stare at she , try to unravel all this ) that 's clear , be not it ? digby be stop . his brain be so massive it take a long time to turn over . the head waiter speak to he in a low tone . head waiter I have know miss vance for a long time , sir . I think perhaps it might be well to drop the matter , if you do not mind , sir . [ 26 ] David take one murderous look at Susan and then turn and start toward the stairway . Susan trail at he heel , bleat . camera follows they . susan now look ! you can not actually think that I mean to do it ! david if I could think , I would have run when I see you . susan I have not do anything . I just give you a purse to hold , that 's all . I be go to find out who it belong to . David have reach the top of the stair . he start down hurriedly . Susan make a fly leap and catch one of he coat tail . susan now wait ! I can explain the whole thing ! she hang onto the coat tail and David keep on go . a perfectly natural thing occur . one thing have to give and it be not Susan . there be a soft tear sound as the coat split up the back . for a moment David stop , stand absolutely still . susan I be afraid -- you have tear you coat . david look -- will you do something for I ? susan ( helpfully ) a needle ? david ( wearily ) no . it 's simpler than that . ( 27 ] David shift he stance , unknowingly get one foot on the edge of she dress on the step . he raise he two hand in a plead gesture . susan why -- why yes . what be it ? david I will close my eye . this way . ( put he hand over he eye ) and you go away . when I look up you will not be there . I get tired of people when I see too much of they . ( put he hand over he eye ) susan well , I like that ! I be only try to be nice . she turn and flounce back up the stair . she flounce however without the rear panel of she dress , which be leave under David 's foot . David open he eye to see she stalking up the stair , she silk - stockinge leg and lace panty show . she be quite unaware of the disaster . with a horrify look he snatch up the silken strip and rush after she , take two step at a time . he reach she at the top of the stair , camera following they . david look here ! susan oh no . you can not talk to I that way and then crawl out of it . when I be mad , I be mad ! he race along beside she through the cocktail lounge , Susan increase she pace . david something horrible have happen ! susan well do not tell I about it . get out of it the best way you can . and you can just stop follow I , fixation or no fixation ! [ 28 ] David , see the reaction of people in the cocktail lounge , agonizedly get directly behind Susan and swing into a lockstep . david ( over she shoulder ) if you would only stop talk for a minute and listen ! susan stop crowd I ! david you have tear -- susan ( interrupt ) oh no , I do not ! if you have not be in such a hurry to get away without listen to a explanation you coat would be perfectly all right . you can not tell I I tore you coat . there 's such a thing as be fair and there 's such a thing as be unfair . now I -- ( turn to face he ) 35 close two shot Susan and David . David grab she shoulder and pull she around with she back to he once more . susan let I go ! the idea ! hauling I ! david please ! let 's get out of here ! just keep walk . susan oh ! now you want to walk ! well , I be not sure I want to walk with you . she start away . once more he crowd up behind she . as he put he hand on she arm she catch sight of the strip of silk he hold and she voice die away in a strangle whisper . [ 29 ] susan what 's that ? david that 's -- what I have be try to tell you . you have not any dress -- in the back . susan ( frantically as she walk toward the corridor lead to the lobby , camera panning with they ) get behind I ! david I be behind you ! 36 int . corridor - night Susan and David race through at a furious pace , camera following they , David behind Susan in a close lockstep . susan ( in a hoarse whisper closer ! david I can not get any closer . 37 revolving door at STREET entrance Mr. and Mrs. peabody enter and he halt as a girl from check room come up to take they thing . then he gaze fix off in astonishment . 38 susan and david approach in lockstep . 39 close shot at door on Mr. and Mrs. peabody for reaction [ 30 ] 40 full group shot as Susan and David come toward door and David , with horror , recognize Mr. peabody . david ( agonize , to Susan ) I have to see somebody ... will you wait just a moment ? susan ( without look around ) if you leave I now there will be such a scream tear row that you will be take out of here by a policeman . David fix a appeal gaze on peabody , turn he head and speak hoarsely as he pass he . david I will be with you in a minute , Mr. peabody ! Susan turn to go out the revolve door and David , still look at Mr. peabody , continue in a straight line . after a split second he realize that there be nobody in front of he . a quick look around show he Susan nearly at the revolve door . he leap back , get behind she and as Mr. and Mrs. peabody stare incredulously Susan and David jam into the revolve door and barely get through . 41 close shot Mr. and Mrs. peabody . mrs . peabody ( gasp ) why -- that 's Susan ! Mr. peabody just snort . dissolve out dissolve in ( 31 ) [ scene detail ] 42-48 int . susan's apartment - night Susan be busily sewing David 's coat , while he pace dejectedly . david ( finish a story ) -- so you see it 's very important , that I see this man . if I do not , I may never be able to finish the group . susan ( airily ) well , that 's perfectly simple . just explain to he that you meet somebody you know and be -- detain . david ( hold a aching head ) I can picture myself explain we exit from the ritz-plaza to Mr. peabody ! susan ( pause , bite off a thread ) it 's not boopie you be try to see ! david no , he name be Alexander . Alexander peabody . susan but that 's boopie ! david ( incredulously ) you know he ? susan know he ! he 's my guardian . I be dining with they tonight . I can fix it for you . I wind boopie around my little finger . he do anything I ask he to ! [ 32 ] david ( look at he watch ) if I hurry , I might catch he before he finish dinner . susan wait until I change . I will go with you . if we miss he there we will drive up to he house at riverdale . david oh , but I can not spend that much time . miss swallow be wait for I at Carnegie Hall , at the concert . susan ( slowly ; shaking out he coat ) miss swallow ? david my fiancee . susan ( regard he ) oh. ( we know that David will never get to the concert ) do not worry about that . we will be back in plenty of time . everything will be all right . dissolve 49 ext . suburban STREET riverdale - night Susan and David in station wagon . David be stare , puzzle , from he side of the wagon . presently he turn and regards Susan suspiciously . david do they build all the house in riverdale alike ? [ 33 ] susan I do not think so . why ? david because if they do not we have pass that one six time . susan oh , have we ? I guess maybe I have -- kind of lose my bearing . david I think , Susan , that you lose you bearing some time ago . because to pass this spot six time -- ( look at he watch ) have take we exactly a hour . unless you have a fondness for this particular house , do you think we could stop to inquire where we be ? susan ( who have know all along where they be , shoot he a sidewise glance ) I think we turn here . she do so . dissolve 49a ext . driveway of big estate - night we see the light of a car turn in from the street and as the car roll up to camera we discern a station wagon . it be now near midnight and the house be in darkness . 50 two shot of Susan and David in the station wagon , Susan behind the wheel . David have begin to lose he confidence in Susan 's plan . he peer out dubiously . david there be not any light . Mr. peabody must be in bed . [ 34 - 35 ] susan they could not be in bed this early ! david if they anticipate a visit from you , they could -- with the cover over they head . susan if you do not stop nag , I will not help you see boopie . david ( with some inner warning ) somehow I have a feel that it might be better if I do not . [ 36 ] susan scaredy-cat ! she hop out and stride toward the front door . David stare after she for a moment with premonition . then , against he better judgment , he follow . 51 ext . at front door of big house - night Susan enter in the dim light . David enter behind she , he premonition deepen . she start to press the doorbell button . he stop she , with a last stab at sanity . david before you take the final step , Susan , I want to point out to you , without rancor , that you be inclined to act on impulse and without logic . if we wake he up in the middle of the night he may be irritable . susan I tell you I can wind he around my little finger ! ( she put she finger firmly on the button and press it ) david ( stare into space ) I may be wrong , but it seem to I that everything that could happen have happen . susan ( reassuringly ) it 's just be a bad day . david a masterpiece of understatement . susan ( confidently ) now just relax . leave everything to I . ( 37 ] david ( nervously ) I think we would better go and come back in the morning . they do not answer . susan ( lean on the button with renew vigor ) they be just be stubborn ... and if this do not work I know where boopie sleep . david ( put he hand to he forehead , close he eye in sick despair ) Susan . please ! this have go far enough . susan ( generously ) no . you have make I realize that it be all my fault that the most important moment of you life be ruin . I say I be go to fix it tonight and I be go to fix it tonight ! david but they will not wake up . susan oh , yes , they will ! she turn from the door and start around the house . David follow with grow alarm . camera truck on they as they go around past some shrubbery . david Susan . you can not climb in this man 's bedroom window ! susan I know . it 's on the second floor . she stop among the shrubbery along a gravel walk . David watch , paralyze , as she cup she hand and yell upward . [ 38 ] susan boopie ! david ( in agonize protest ) Susan ! wo not you listen to I ? susan boopie ! david ( with a groan ) wo not you please come away before we be take away ? susan ( ignore he and mutter angrily as she look upward ) well , of all the pig ! I must say if this be boopie 's idea of hospitality , I do not think much of it ! david ( take another tack to stop she ) it 's too late , Susan . we will come another time . you can not wake he up ! susan ( challenge ) can not I though ! ( stoops down to the gravel walk ) david ( with a look of horror , whisper hoarsely ) what be you do now ? susan ( grimly ) pebbles ! [ 39 ] david pebbles ? susan ( straighten up with something unseen in she hand and poise for a throw ) I have hear that if you throw pebble against a window it sound like hail and they get up and close the window . ( throw ) 52 ext . side of house - night close shot upstairs window as a rock the size of a man 's fist hit it and shatter the glass . 53 two shot as David stand paralyze , he gaze fix upward in horror . Susan have already stoop down again to the gravel walk . david I know we ought to go now , but I can not seem to move . susan ( indignantly as she search in the darkness boopie can not do this to I ! 54 at the upstair window adjoin the break window the sash be raise and the pajama-clad figure of Mr. peabody lean out . he peer down into camera so that we see he from David 's angle . mr . peabody ( angrily ) who 's there ? [ 40 ] 55 downward shot on David , from peabody 's angle . david ( in a anguish voice ) I regret to say it 's I , sir . Dr. huxley . in this same shot we see Susan 's figure in the dim light as she rise for another throw . 56 close shot from David 's angle , on Mr. peabody lean out with a puzzle look as a big rock fly up out of camera and conk he on the head . peabody , out like a light , collapse across the sill with he arm hang down . 57 close downward shot on David and Susan . he be paralyze with horror , while Susan see the drape figure above with innocent surprise . susan who 's that ? david ( in a hashed voice ) that 's Mr. peabody . susan ( with amazement ) what happen to he ? david you conk he ! both stare up , open-mouthed . 58 close shot Mr. peabody drape over the window sill , as see from they angle . he come around , pull up he limp arm and grasp the window sill , rear upward , glaring downward -- he eye not quite focus . 59 mo . two shot David and Susan as they watch Mr. peabody susan ( in a awed voice ) jeeper ! let 's get out of here ! ( 41 ) she dash madly through the shrubbery . David stand watch upward , roote to the spot . his paralysis be break by a angry roar from Mr. peabody . David galvanize into action and dash after she . 60 ext . front of big house - night Susan reach the station wagon and jump in behind the wheel , start the engine . David scramble in beside she as she slam the car into gear and tear off at full speed . we see the headlight curve around the driveway and out , make a sure getaway , as we dissolve 61 ext . front of apartment house in the east 7u' - night the station wagon drive up and stop in the light of a street lamp . David climb down wearily . Susan , whose composure be only momentarily shattered by the misadventure with boopie , be herself again . she be eyeing David with a new and proprietary interest . susan now do not you worry , David . everything 's go to be all right . we will see boopie together -- when he 's have time to regain he calm . there 's not a thing to worry about . I will see you tomorrow . david ( hesitantly , try to find adequate word ) wait , Susan ... I do not want you to think that I be not appreciative of all you have do . but you may understand , when you be older , that there be limit to what a man can bear . now do not be offended . I do not want you to feel that I be -- uh -- try to avoid you -- but tomorrow afternoon I be be marry . susan married ? what for ? [ 42 ] david ( go on doggedly ) do not interrupt , Susan . I be be marry and my future wife have always look upon I as a man of some dignity . privately I be convinced that I have some dignity . ( with grow vehemence ) it be not that I do not like you , Susan -- in fact , I be strangely draw to you in moment of quiet . but there have not be a quiet moment ! we relationship from beginning to end have be a series of misadventure . I will , if you will allow I , make my own appointment with Mr. peabody -- unarm . now I must call my fiancee and try to explain why I leave she at Carnegie Hall this evening with a party of four . if I may be allow emphasis at this point , Susan , I would like to say that I sincerely hope that I never , never set eye on you again ! Susan have hear only part of this harangue . from the moment he mention he marriage she have be eyeing he with a proprietary consternation . she have mark he for she own . as he lift he hat and bow very politely she gaze at he speechlessly . David speak with finality . david good night , Susan . Goodbye . and thank you . it 's be lovely . ( turn and go toward he door ) susan ( indignantly ) married ! that 's what you think ! ( put the car in gear and slam off ) fade out fade in [ 43 ] 62 63 int . david' apartment - next morning mo . shot . David , at breakfast table , on the telephone . he have finish he orange juice and be sip he coffee . david I be very excited about be marry , darling . I have never be marry before . how do you feel ?... oh ... well -- I have not be think much about Mr. peabody , Alice . I -- I -- no , I -- do not think I will make a appointment with he today . I think he have a slight headache . I mean -- well , he might have a headache , Alice . ( take a deep breath ) as a matter of fact , dear , after think it over last night I decide that I will not see Mr. peabody at all . I will go straight to Mrs. random . the doorbell start to ring . david wait a minute , Alice . the doorbell 's ringing . I will be right back . hold on . camera follows he to door . as he open it we see a uniform delivery man in doorway with a package . delivery man be you Dr. David huxley ? david yes . delivery man I have to have identification , Dr. huxley . ( 44 ) david ( fumble through he pocket ) be it from Utah ? delivery man ( look at parcel ) yes , sir . insure for a lot of money too . david ( produce a black folder which he dangle before the man 's eye ) be my driver 's license sufficient ? and here 's my Social Security card . delivery man sign here , Dr. huxley . this box must be fill with thousand - dollar bill . as David sign he hand the box over . David clutches it , kick the door shut and race across the room , camera following , and grab up the telephone once more . david ( into phone ) Alice ! it 's come ! the intercostal clavicle ! be not that a beautiful wedding present ? I will finish the group this morning , Alice ! I will be right down , dear ... Goodbye . he hang up , place the box carefully on the table , pat he pocket to be sure he have everything and pick up he hat . then he tenderly lift the box and start for the door again . the telephone ring . he pause , look at it and come back . [ 45 ] david ( into phone ) hello ... ( pause and he face change ) oh ... ( startle ) what ? ( incredulously ) I can not hear you very well . come closer to the transmitter . 64 int . susan's apartment - morning Susan sit placidly hold telephone , which have a very long cord . a cup of coffee on table beside she . susan ( very distinctly ) I say , do you want a panther ? 65 int . david' apartment - morning close shot -- David . david panther ? no . why should I ? 66 int . susan's apartment - morning close shot -- Susan . susan well , for that matter , why should I ? -- but I have get one ! pull back camera to disclose a full - grow panther jump up on the davenport across the room . Susan rise and cross toward panther as she talk . [ 46 ] susan last night you distinctly say you love animal ! ( try to push panther off davenport ) of course I know what a zoologist be . it 's a man who love animal . ( give baby a prodigious shove which land he on floor do not be irrelevant . the point be , I have a panther . the question be , what be I go to do with it ? ( baby rub against she leg fondly ) 67 int . david' apartment - morning David on phone . david but where would you get a panther ? 68 int . susan's apartment - morning Susan on phone . she be now try to edge the panther toward the door of the bathroom . the cord of the telephone pay out as she go . susan I would not get a panther . my brother Mark be hunt in Brazil , and I guess he catch one . 69 int . david' apartment - morning David on phone . david ( relieved ) of course it 's a stuff panther . [ 47 ] 70 int . susan's apartment - morning Susan on phone . she have bathroom door open and be try to urge baby in with she foot . susan of course it be not ! why would my brother be hunt stuff panther in Brazil when he could buy they right here in New York ? ( baby go into exile and Susan push door shut with she shoulder it 's lucky I meet you yesterday , because you be the only zoologist I know . will you come right over ? ( a pause and she look indignant ) you mean you refuse to help I ? ( we hear a loud SOUND through the receiver ) wait ! ( start toward the small table where there be a fan ) he 's look funny at I ! ( kick over a chair and scream with admirable gravity . quickly she listen and then thrust the transmitter against the rubber blade of a electric fan . this make a terrible roar , on top of which she scream again ) do not worry about I , David . I will be all right . calmly drop the receiver , sit down to resume she coffee and the perusal of Mark 's letter . from the dangle receiver we hear again frantic squawk sound . Susan , with a affectionate smile , reach down and pat the receiver . 71 int . david' apartment - morning David on telephone . Alice watch he bewilderedly . he be frantic as he plead for a answer . david what 's happen ? be you all right ? answer I ! [ 48 ] his ear be nearly shattered by another terrible roar from the receiver . we know , without see it , that Susan have again place the instrument against the fan blade . miss swallow David ! what be it ? the next instant he nearly bowl she over as grab he hat and still carry the fossil , he dash out of the door . david ( hoarsely , as he exit ) go along to the Museum ! I will join you there ! I have not time to explain ! Alice stare after he as he vanish . dissolve 72 int . susan's apartment - morning Susan be sit in the chair where we leave she . she look up calmly as the door fly open and David dash in and stop short , see she safe . susan ( calmly ) hello , David . david Susan ! be you all right ? susan I be all right . except that I have get a panther . david ( stiffening with suspicion ) where be this alleged panther ? susan ( indicate ) in the bathroom . [ 49 ] david ( as he stalk to the bathroom door ) I can see that I have be victimize once more by you unbridle imagination ! as he speak he be pull open the bathroom door , which open outward . we see what he see : a full - grow panther leap out of the bathtub and rear up playfully before he . David , dumbfounded , hastily slam the door and lean against it tensely . susan see ? that will teach you to go around talk about people ! david ( a man in a crisis ) Susan ! you must get out of this apartment at once ! susan do not be silly . I have a lease . david then you must get this thing out ! I will call the Zoo ! susan no you will not call the Zoo ! I be go to keep he . david ( drag a chair and prop it against bathroom door ) but you can not . I will not allow it ! susan ( with calm finality ) Mark say I be to keep he , and I intend to keep he . ( pick up Mark 's letter ) listen ! ( wave letter at he ) from my brother Mark . from Brazil . [ 50 ] ( start read ) ' dear Susan -- I be send you baby , a panther I pick up . Guard he with you life . he 's three year old , gentle as a kitten , and he like dog . 's ( pause , frown , then smile apologetically ) I do not know whether Mark mean he eat dog or be fond of they . Mark 's so vague at time . ( continue read ) ' he also like music -- particularly that song , " I can not give you anything but Love , baby . " 's david that 's absurd ! you brother be joke . susan oh no , it 's quite . I try it . listen ! she go to the victrola and snap on a record . " I can not give you anything but Love , baby " blare out . there be a scratch at the bathroom door and the chair begin to vibrate as baby try to get out . david ( frantically ) stop it , Susan ! stop it ! but he be too late . the panther be already out and come toward David , who back away . susan ( stop the victrola ) there ! you see ? he love it ! david ( shakily , back away if we put the victrola in the bathroom , would he go back in ? susan stand still , David . do not be nervous . ( 51 ) david ( still back around ) make he stand still ! ( back against the piano and close he eye in awful apprehension ) susan oh , do not be silly , David . you can not make a panther stand still . david ( weakly , hold aloft the package which contain the bone ) if anything happen to I , see that this be deliver to the Museum . susan ( come to he rescue ) nothing be go to happen to you , David . he like you . the panther rub against David 's leg and a convulsive shudder go through David 's body . susan look , David , how cute he be ! David open he eye . the panther be now lie down at David 's foot . David sidle out to make a getaway , but instantly the panther be up , ready to go with he . the panther simply love he . susan ( overcome ) I never see anything take such a like to anybody in such a short time . it 's sweet , David . why , he would follow you anywhere . we sha not have any trouble take he to the Connecticut house . [ 52 ] david ( in revolt as he edge away from panther , who can not understand why the nice man do not like he ) Susan , maybe you be take he to Connecticut . I want no part of it . susan ( follow he ) but , David -- david I will not be involved in any more of you hare - brain scheme ! susan ( indignantly ) it 's not a hare - brain scheme . imagine -- aunt Elizabeth arrive today -- and run smack into a panther ! that would be the end of my million dollar ! david ( the panther still follow he ) now wait , Susan ! please ! let 's take one thing at a time -- and slowly ! susan if you have a aunt who be go to give you a million dollar if she like you , and you know she would not like you if she find a panther in you apartment -- what would you do ? david well , since there be small chance of my ever be in that situation I see no point in my try to figure it out . he reach the door , hold the package which contain the precious bone . [ 53 ] susan ( clutching at he ) David ! you can not leave I ! david ( instinctively protect he fossil by hold it out of she reach ) Susan ! do not jump at I ! I be a nervous man ! I should be at the Museum with this -- right now ! susan but you have to help I ! david ( grimly ) oh no I do not ! there be two thing in the world I have to do -- finish my brontosaurus and get marry ! susan do I hesitate last night when you be in trouble ? no ! do you think there be anything I would hesitate to do for you ? no ! that make it a obligation , David . david ( doggedly ) my one obligation be to be marry at three o'clock ! susan you will be back in plenty of time ! it 's only to westlake ! david Susan , I be a zoologist . I be go to marry a zoologist . that make I happy . this make I unhappy . I have only one desire . that be to go and complete my brontosaurus . now ! and clutching he precious fossil he open the door and stalk out . the panther , who do not want he to leave alone , follow with alacrity . ( 54 ) susan ( indignantly call to David from open doorway go on -- quitter ! david ( stalking down the hall , unaware that the panther be at he heel ) it 's no good call I name , Susan . I be not go to argue with you any more . as he turn to deliver this parting shot , he see we friend baby , who have that ' whither - thou - goest - I - will - go 's look in he eye . David point sternly at the doorway where Susan stand and eye baby . he become masterful . david go back ! susan you be waste you time . david ( raise he voice ) back , sir ! susan promise he something . david ( to baby , ignore she get back in that apartment ! susan there 's only one way to get he back . that 's for you to come back . David stalk into the apartment and baby follow . at the same pace David stalk around a chair , eyeing baby treacherously , make a dash for the door . [ 55 ] david ( maliciously as he jerk the door open ) well -- take care of yourself ! he slam it behind he , almost on baby 's nose . baby sit down and regards the door . why do not the man like he ? Susan also regards the door . with malice aforethought she open it . baby patter out happily . 73 int . upper corridor - apartment bldg - day David at elevator . the elevator enter scene and the door be open . David step in and once more a door bang almost on baby 's nose . this time baby do not sit down and regard the door . he turn and patter down the stair . the man be go down . baby will find he . 74 int . apartment bldg foyer - day David emerge from the elevator , clutching he package , now concentrate on the Museum and he lifework . he walk through the corridor . baby come down the stair , fall in behind he . they walk out through the entrance , camera following , and disappear . 75 ext . STREET - day David , freed of he problem , start to stride down Park Avenue all unaware that he have a friend whose devotion seem to be one of that lifelong thing . 76 ext . at apartment bldg entrance - day reverse angle on doorman of the apartment house as he watch the progress of David and baby with amazement . Susan come into scene . she be pull on she hat . she dash toward the curb where she station wagon stand . susan ( to doorman ) Morning ! daze , the doorman touch he hat . [ 56 ] doorman good morning , miss vance ! Susan get into the station wagon and drive out of scene . 77 ext . park avenue - day David be too absorb in he thought to notice that he approach seem in some queer way to push people off the street . they edge to the curb and keep go in the other direction ; in fact , without difficulty and without be aware of it , David clear the street . Susan , in the station wagon , pull into scene and drive along beside he . susan ( call ) who 's you friend ? david what ? susan ( call ) they say once a leopard get fond of a man there 's no get rid of he . David , horror-struck , turn and look . baby rub against he leg . susan ( the fiend ) I have be think , David -- he like you so much that I think I will give he to you . david you can not do this ! susan ( blandly ) oh yes I can . if I can not get he up to Connecticut -- and I certainly can not get he up to Connecticut if he keep follow you and you do not go to Connecticut -- ( shrug , make a resign gesture ) the only thing I can do be wash my hand of he . he 's yours . ( 57 ] david he 's not mine ! susan prove it ! she start to drive on . David run out , with the leopard follow , and catch on to the side of the station wagon . david Susan , you can not leave I with this ! susan I can if you do not help I take he to Connecticut . dissolve [ scene detail ] 78 ext . country road - day moving shot station wagon bowl along . David sit in the front seat beside Susan . baby , in the back of the station wagon , be wistfully peer into the front seat , wishing that they would let he ride beside they . he make several futile attempt to achieve he purpose but be push back by Susan , who be talk incessantly and , she think , convincingly . susan if you mean to be unpleasant during the entire drive , I do not see why you bother to come . I do not ask you to come . you just jump on the runningboard and insisted . all I be do -- david ( finish it ) -- be leave I with a leopard in the middle of Park Avenue . susan ( oblivious ) -- all I be do be drive along . that 's all I be do . [ 58 ] david ( firmly ) you blackmail I into this westlake trip . I have no assurance whatever that I will come out of it with my sanity . despite you protestation that everything be go to be all right , Susan , I have the horrible crawl conviction locate at the base of my neck that something dreadful be go to happen . susan oh , David -- david ( silencing she with a professorial gesture ) do not interrupt . I be about to say that if I emerge from this -- this temporary insanity , you be not go to blackmail I into anything else . I intend to deliver this animal , take the first train to New York , finish my brontosaurus and get marry . I shall endeavor to forget that this last twenty - four hour ever take place . susan what 's wrong with the last twenty - four hour ? nothing special have happen except that we have get a leopard . that 's nothing to get fuss about . david if you do not mind , we will not go into a discussion concern normal and abnormal behaviour . I feel sure we would not get anywhere . I feel equally sure that , even if you could see thing my way except upside down , I could not carry on a sensible discussion while this beast be breathe down the back of my neck . [ 59 ] Susan reach back , without look , and push at baby 's head . susan get down , baby . get down . baby do not want to get down . he want to breathe down the back of David 's neck . Susan turn and concentrate on she task . some way she must please David . as she turn , the station wagon overhaul a wagon pile high with crate of chicken , duck , geese and , if you like , sparrow . anything feathered will do . David close he eye , know what be go to happen . david ( agonize ) Susan ! duck ! susan ( yell ) yes , I know ! geese , too ! hold baby ! she skillfully hook the rear wheel of the wagon . David cover he eye . 79 shot of chicken wagon on its side . the crate , which have be throw off , have burst open and the content be flutter and squawk in every direction . the irate driver be claw he way out through a number of he charge , attempt unsuccessfully to gather they up . as he approach the station wagon , which have slew and land at the other side of the road , he be shouting imprecation at Susan . 80 shot of station wagon . Susan be try to get David 's hat up over he forehead . in the excitement it have in some curious way manage to get pull down over he eye . David be frantically wave he arm . david leave it alone ! my head will come with it ! susan now just be calm , David . I will get it . [ 60 ] meanwhile baby have rear up and be excitedly watch he feathered friend . he poise on the side of the station wagon , balance for a leap . 81 wider angle to include the chicken wagon . the driver halt in he step . abuse Susan and David be one thing . abuse Susan , David and a leopard be another . as baby leap to the ground Susan see he , abandon she wrenching at David 's hat and further confound he in he temporary blind state by climb over he to get to baby . David , freed of Susan 's tugging , take off he own hat with not too much trouble . Susan be wading through duck , geese and chicken , sing , " I can not give you anything but Love , baby . " the chicken wagon driver be back away , which be quite pointless , because baby be not at all interested in the driver . he be interested purely and simply in select the goose , duck or chicken which will be most satisfactory to he palate . he pay absolutely no attention to Susan . 82 close shot David stare out of scene . david ( wildly ) Susan ! never hang on to a leopard 's tail ! 83 close shot Susan , who have reach baby and be desperately cling to he tail , sing , " I can not give you anything but Love , baby " she sing the next speech to the same tune . susan ( just as wildly , over she shoulder sing , David ! sing ! he 's slip ! david' voice I can not sing ! the tail slip from Susan 's hand and she fall on she back . susan ( shriek balefully ) now look what you have do ! ( 61 ) 84 mo . shot take in station wagon and chicken wagon . the now thoroughly frighten driver , who have abandon he chicken in favor of he life , be hot - foot it out of scene . baby be crouch for a leap at a fine- look figure of a duck . David scramble out of the station wagon and run toward baby . david ( bitterly as he run ) " do not worry , David . everything 's go to be all right . " dissolve 85 ext . country road - another location - day we find David operate a tire pump . he have he back to the station wagon and Susan . his coat be off . his tie be off . his hair be rumple and he be madder than ever . Susan sit on the hood , chin in hand , and regards he interestedly . baby , equally interested , be lie under the wagon gnaw at the other side of the tire which David be pump up . baby have successfully gnaw through the tire , create a space which let the tube which David be pump to protrude . as it puff out toward he , baby draw back and regards it with interest . he pat it tentatively . susan why , he be right in the middle of the road , David ! I never hit anything in my life if it be in the right place ! david ( savagely ) that wagon be on its own side of the road , Susan . now do not try to crawl out of it ! how much longer be I suppose to pump ? susan I do not know . and I be not crawl out of anything ! I tell you I see it and it be in the middle ! david ( shouting ) I see it too and I say it be not in the middle ! what time be it ? [ 62 ] susan oh , it 's about twelve o'clock , I guess . david ( bitterly ) it do not seem to mean anything to you that I be suppose to be back in New York at three o'clock . susan can I help it if it take you so long to fix a tire ? 86 close shot baby , who be grow more and more interested in the bubble , which be get bigger and bigger . he roll over on he back and try patting it upside down . 87 wider angle as David angrily stop pump and turn to look at Susan . david but you can not just keep pump a tire ! susan no , I suppose you can not . why do not you stop ? 88 close shot baby . he pat the bubble once too often . it go off with a loud bang . baby jump back , hurt and surprised , and slink around the side of the wagon . 89 group shot David sink dejectedly on to the runningboard , he head in he hand . susan ( brightly ) well , at least , David , now that you have practice it will not take so long to fix it this time . [ 63 ] there be the sharp putt-putt-putt of a motorcycle approach . a motorcycle officer draw into scene , dismount and kick down the stand which hold up he vehicle . officer ( point to baby ) what 's that ? susan ( point to David ) it 's he . David stand up . he have have all he can bear . he turn and look at baby , then look at the officer . david that , my friend , be a leopard . webster call it a large catlike beast of prey with a beautifully spot skin . dissolve out dissolve in [ 64 ] 90 ext . country road - another location - day close up roadside sign , read : westlake , connecticut 1 mile pan around to station wagon come along road in the direction of westlake . as it come abreast , we see Susan drive . 91 process shot Susan and David . they drive along toward westlake . susan ( brightly ) but we have to go through westlake to get some meat for baby . if we do not , he might eat the may . you do make a fuss , David . david I still maintain that it be go a bit far to tell that officer that we be part of the westlake circus . I will not deny that you look like a trapeze artist -- but by no stretch of the imagination do I look like a knife thrower . susan oh , I do not know . david would it be too much to ask that if there be any further explain to do , I be allow to do it ? susan you be not do so well with the officer , I notice . david I be do all right until you explain that baby be just a house -cat . dissolve out dissolve in [ 65 ] [ scene detail ] 92 ext . MAIN STREET of westlake - day full shot of store , over which be a large sign : westlake market there be gaudy circus poster in the window of the market and we can hear faintly from the distance a circus calliope . Cars be park diagonally along the curb in f.g . there be two open space , one of which face a fire - plug . as we dissolve in a big limousine enter along street and pull into the proper parking space in front of market . Dr. digby , of ritz - Plaza memory , climb out . constable slocum enter scene and stand , hand in pocket , on the curb . slocum hello , Doc ? up for the week - end ? dr . digby ( move toward door of market ) hello , constable . yes , we have open the house for the summer . it 's good to get away from the hurly - burly of New York . he enter the market . constable slocum move off down the street , stare into shop window . Susan pull into the remain parking space in front of the fire-plug . baby be not visible . 93 two shot Susan and David as she turn off the ignition . david ( climb out , protest ) this be madness ! of all place , you want to stop in a town where there 's a circus ! susan I do not want to stop because there 's a circus , David . we have to have meat for baby . david but you say you house be only a mile away . why can not you send back for it ? [ 66 ] susan really , David , you be just waste time . David , lick , turn away . 94 wider angle take in the front of the market and the two car park in front . as David enter the store a white - aprone clerk come out with two dead but still undress chicken . he put they in the back of digby 's limousine . during this the sound of the circus calliope have grow louder , approach a intersection off-scene . Susan get out and climb on the fender of the station wagon , peer . across the top of other park car . constable slocum come back along sidewalk , retrace he languid step . a star show on he chest . he stop and look at Susan and at the fire - plug , then come over to she . slocum ( indicate ) Lady , that 's a fire - plug . susan ( with a brief glance ) yes , I know ! slocum it 's against the law to park in front of fire - plug . susan ( smile , a little more friendly yes , I know . the constable stop and think . then he crook he finger at she politely . slocum come down here a minute . susan who -- I ? why ? slocum ( tapping he star ) I be constable slocum . [ 67 ] susan oh , how do you do ? I be Susan vance . slocum I do not care who you be . you can not park in front of a fire - plug . susan ( point off , pleasantly ) oh no , I be just watch the parade . slocum ( point sternly to a spot directly at he foot ) come here ! Susan jump down as if it be a invitation to a pleasant conversation . susan do they give you free seat for the circus ? slocum oh sure ! elmer and I -- ( then catch himself ; sternly suppose there be fire , right now , with car jamme in here this way . susan oh , we could all get to it if we be polite about it . slocum ( get dizzy ) the firemen have to go get to the plug , lady . we do not care whether you get to the fire . his back be to the station wagon , but Susan 's be not . [ 68 ] 95 close shot baby , who have be lie down in rear of station wagon , as he raise he head and peer past camera into digby 's car . 96 what he sees the two chicken on the back seat of the limousine , which nobody can deny be fair game . the window be open . 97 close shot baby as he rear up and prepare to go hunt . 98 two shot Susan and constable , with the two car in b.g . the first line should be play over the cut to baby . susan be there a fire ? slocum no ! susan then why be we discuss it ? slocum ( confuse ) you can not park in front of a fire - plug ! at that moment Susan see what we see : baby crawl from the station wagon into the rear of digby 's car , which immediately conceal he from view . susan ( vaguely , she mind grapple with she new problem ) you say that before . slocum I be go to stop say it . I be go to give you a ticket . susan oh , I would love to go to the circus , constable -- but you would better keep you ticket , because I be go to be busy tonight . [ 69 ] slocum ( find force the only solution ) listen , lady , you be under arrest ! do that mean anything to you ? susan but why ? slocum ( in a low dogge tone ) parking in front of a fire - plug ! susan ( have a brain - wave ) that 's not my car . slocum ( completely at a loss ) whose car be it ? susan I do not know . I never see it before . she begin to sidle off , smile sweetly . slocum stand he ground , watch she suspiciously . still smile at he occasionally , she go to digby 's limousine and with a proprietary air brushes off a bit of dust from a fender and kick the tire speculatively . slocum move out of scene , look back over he shoulder . 99 int . market - day a number of customer be there , among they Dr. digby , who be at the vegetable stand inspect the day 's selection . David have be await he turn at the meat counter . now it come . david I want twenty pound of sirloin steak . digby , as do every other customer in the place , turn he head and stare at David . ( 70 ] 100 two shot David face the flabbergasted clerk across the counter . David be bedraggle and dirty . clerk do you say -- twenty pound ? david yes . I say twenty pound . clerk how will you have it cut ? ( as David hesitates ) I mean , be you go to roast it or broil it ? david ( with dignity ) neither . it 's go to be eat raw . 101 full shot as the clerk begin saw up a huge chunk of meat on the block . digby take a step forward for a closer scrutiny . he know he have see David somewhere before and be visibly search he memory . 102 ext . STREET before market - day Susan be try to get baby back into the station wagon . she be keep a wary eye on the door of the butcher shop . baby , engross in he feast on the floor of the tonneau , be adamant . 103 int . market - day the clerk be wrapping the twenty - pound package of meat . David and digby be stare at each other . dr . digby you face be very familiar . david ( smile foolishly as he reach for the package which the clerk be hand he ) oh , it 's one of that face -- I meet people every day -- lot of people -- who look just like I . ( 71 ) clerk ( as David take package ) do you grind it up before you eat it , mister , or do you just out it in hunk ? david ( as he back away from counter , smile foolishly at digby the while ) it 's not for I . it 's for baby . he make he escape hurriedly out of scene . 104 ext . front of market - day David come out , carry the twenty - pound package of meat and he intercostal clavicle . camera pan on he as he start for station wagon and then stop short at what he see : Susan back digby 's car out of the parking space . david ( hurry to Susan in protest ) Susan ! susan come on ! david ( get on the runningboard as she back clear ) Susan ! what be you do ? this be not you car ! susan no , but it 's my panther ! she race the engine and clash gear horribly as she try to get into first speed . David , still expostulate , be hang on to the runningboard , somewhat hamper by he two package , as constable slocum stroll back and stand watch they . ( 72 ] 105 ext . doorway of market - day Dr. digby come out . his arm be full of parcel . he stop , aghast . there be a horrible clash of gear over this . 106 ext . STREET before market - day what he sees : the limousine lurching forward , engine racing . Susan be not visible from this angle . David , hang to the runningboard , be apparently urging on the driver . 107 ext . doorway of market - day digby and slocum look off . dr . digby ( wildly ) that 's my car ! slocum you car ? dr . digby ( with a yell ) go after he ! catch he ! I remember that fellow now ! he try to steal my wife 's purse last night ! do not stand there , slocum ! do something ! slocum well , can you imagine that ! he run out of scene without any idea where he be go . dissolve out dissolve in 108 int . stable of the vance estate - day Susan drive digby 's car in , shut off the motor and climb out . she open the rear door as David climb out wearily , still carry the precious fossil . David be in a lather . he have have as much as he can bear . susan oh , stop yapping at I ! we be here ! the panther 's here ! everything 's all right ! david ( grimly ) everything be not all right . on top of everything that 's happen , we have steal a car ! susan I do not want the car . I will send it back . david ( they start lead baby toward a box-stall ) I suppose you would like I to leave it with the constable -- on my way back ? susan oh , no , I do not think that would be safe . they might arrest you . it 's a hot car . david ( savagely ) I know . you be go to file the number off the engine ! susan ( as though he be suggest it oh no , David -- that 's dishonest . I will send the gardener back with it tonight -- after it 's dark . David be speechless . camera follows they . Susan unlatch the door of the box stall and they lead baby within , camera following . Susan pat baby and straighten up as she look at David . ( 74 ) now , David , I would suggest -- david ( wildly ) the only way you could get I to follow one of you suggestion be to hold a bright object in front of a light ! you see , svengali , what I want be to get marry ! to get marry I have to leave here . to leave here without be arrest I have to have a shower . where be there a shower ? susan a shower be just what I be go to suggest . dissolve 109 int . vance bathroom - day David be under a shower . we can see he head above the frost glass door of the stall shower . 110 int . guest bedroom adjoining bathroom - day Susan ring a bell and begin pick up David 's clothes which be laid over a chair . we can hear David splash in the shower . the package contain the fossil bone have be set carefully on the chair . Susan finger it curiously and call off . susan what 's in this box ? david' voice it 's the intercostal clavicle of a brontosaurus . susan ( with new interest ) be it really ? ( unwrap it and look indignant ) why , it 's only a old bone ! ( 75 ] } 111 int . vance bathroom - day David splash under the shower . david yes , it 's just a bone ! do not touch it , Susan . put it down -- gently -- ( vehemently ) -- and go away ! 112 int . guest bedroom - day Susan shrug and toss the bone down on the chair as Mrs. gogarty , the housekeeper , enter in response to the bell . Susan hand she the clothes . susan Hannah , I want gogarty to take this into town . have they sponge and press . Mrs. gogarty look at the clothes and then off at the shower , where David 's splash be hear . mrs . gogarty do you want they right back ? susan ( airily ) oh , there 's no hurry , Hannah -- no hurry at all . david' voice ( over the shower ) Susan ! susan ( push Hannah toward the door hastily but do get gogarty off to town before he miss they . david be voice ( loud and impatient as the shower be turn off susan ! [ 76 ] susan ( as Mrs. gogarty exit ) yes , dear ? ( go to bathroom door and call around it sweetly ) be there anything I can do for you ? david' voice Hand I my clothes . susan ( innocently ) oh -- you clothes . I be afraid you will have to wait , David . they be be press . David 's head and shoulder appear at the door . david ( indignantly ) I do not want they press . I want to put they on . I must leave here immediately . susan but. you can not leave without you clothes , David . david ( grimly ) I know that ! that 's why I want they ! ( look past she around the room ) where be they ? susan the gardener take they into town . david ( frantically ) stop he ! I can not wait ! susan now do not be impatient , David . we will talk about it after I have a shower . everything 's go to be all right . ( 77 ) david ( through clench tooth as she start for the door ) everything be all right except that my fiancee be wait for I in New York to be marry -- and I be not in New York . susan ( turn in the doorway and call back ) do not be selfish . you have a shower . david ( wildly ) but I have to have my clothes ! susan and I have to have a shower . I will be in Mark 's room . david ( wildly , as she exit ) Susan , you can not leave I here like this . but Susan have . 113 int . vance live room - day Susan cross to Mark 's bedroom , call back as she go . susan how you do go on ! you get one thing settle and you start worry about another . do not you ever do anything but worry ? David 's head and shoulder appear at the guest bedroom door , as he call after she , anguish . ( 78 ] david you have hear about marriage , have not you , Susan ? would it seem to be ask too much on my part to be allow to worry about this thing that be go to influence the rest of my life ? ( on a mount note of hysteria ) and while I be worry , do you mind tell I how I be go to get back to New York without any clothes ? susan's voice ( as we hear the shower from Mark 's room ) David , I want you to be marry . I think you should be marry . I think every man should be marry . but I think you suit ought to be press . it would not look well . david ( shouting ) miss swallow do not care how I look ! susan's voice ( from shower ) what ? david ( shouting frantically ) I say miss swallow do not care how I look ! 114 int . mark bathroom - day Susan in the shower . she call over the door . susan ( scream ) oh , but that 's silly ! ( 79 ] 115 int . vance live room - day David emerge from the guest bedroom , clutching a feather negligee of uncurle ostrich , with a train , about he , and stride out infuriatedly in pursuit of a argument . david will you come out of that shower and help I find some clothes -- or do I have to come in and get you ? susan's voice oh , David ! you would not ! david ( stride up and down -- to himself no , of course I would not . ( yell toward Mark 's door ) Susan vance , come out of that shower this minute ! susan's voice I can not hear you , David . david ( stride up and down with grow frenzy ) you can hear what you want to hear . susan's voice oh no , I can not ! I can not hear a thing . david ( stride around like a animal oh , you can not ? well , I think you be a spoiled , conceit little scatterbrain ! the first time I look at you I know it . the more I see of you the more I realize it : the man who 's unlucky enough to get you be go to have a lifetime of misery ! [ 80 ] near the end of this speech he yank open the door and stand aghast . for he see what we see : a well - preserve woman of 60 , who be Susan 's aunt Elizabeth and , though David know it not , be also Mrs. carleton random . behind she be a uniform chauffeur and a English may , they arm full of luggage . aunt Elizabeth hold a leash , to which be attach a growl dog . this be George , who in he own way have as many possibility for trouble as have Susan . through the open doorway we can see a limousine park in the driveway . David clutches the negligee about he and back off into the live room again , speechless . susan's voice now , David , you be be perfectly ridiculous ! just calm down and wait till I get out there . there be a dead silence as aunt Elizabeth stare at David . George growl and strain on the leash to get at he . aunt elizabeth ( explosively ) where be you clothes ? david ( completely disorganize ) my clothes ?... oh -- you mean my clothes . ( as George growl and strain at the leash ) why , I -- I suppose you think it 's odd my wear this . I realize it look odd . I do not usually -- I mean I -- do not own one of this thing - - this be not mine -- I be -- I be merely look for my clothes . susan's voice David ! do not go , David ! I be come right out ! be you there ? ( 81 ) aunt elizabeth ( point off brusquely as she glare at David ) be that my niece ? david ( still disorganize ) I -- I do not know -- who be you niece ? aunt elizabeth ( violently ) answer I ! be that Susan ? david ( meekly ) yes . she -- uh -- she 's , take a shower . susan's voice David , can I come out ? be you decent ? David , roote to the spot , make some flutter motion and he mouth move soundlessly . aunt elizabeth ( yell ) Susan ! Hannah ! hannah gogarty ! susan's voice ( yell as Hannah appear from the dining room ) wait a minute ! wait a minute ! aunt elizabeth who be this young man ? mrs . gogarty I do not know . aunt elizabeth ( explosively ) do anybody know ? susan ! [ 82 ] with he arm Susan appear from the doorway to Mark 's bedroom , wrapping a huge toweling bathrobe about she , she drip foot tuck into mule . she know she be in for it and she enter gingerly , think fast . susan ( in a freeze voice ) why , aunt Elizabeth ! how nice to see you ! what in the world bring you up to Connecticut ? I expect you to stay in the New York apartment . aunt elizabeth ( with a snort ) in this heat ? susan ( beguile ) I never dream you would be come here . but I be so happy to see you . and here 's George . bless he little heart . ( bend to pat the dog ) aunt elizabeth you have not change a bit , Susan . whenever you be in a jam , you gush . I know you . you be try to get out of something . what be it ? who be this young man ? susan ( think fast ) why -- that 's David . he 's a friend of Mark 's . aunt elizabeth what have you do with he clothes ? susan his clothes ? [ 83 ] mrs . gogarty she know very well where he clothes be . gogarty 's take they into town . aunt elizabeth ( turn on David ) why be you here ? susan ( frantically ) I tell you -- he 's a friend of Mark 's . aunt elizabeth you keep quiet , Susan ! david Susan bring I here . aunt elizabeth I do not doubt that -- but why ? david ( stammer ) well , it seem very complicated -- but she want to bring --- susan ( cut in frantically and lie rapidly ) do not David --- ( turn on she aunt ) I have a letter from Mark , and he ask I to bring David up here -- for a rest . he 's be work very , very hard , Mark say , and he 's apt to have a breakdown . he must not be excited . whatever he want to do , he must be allow to do it , Mark say --- aunt elizabeth ( point with a snort ) do he want to wear that thing ? david ( violently ) no ! [ 84 ] susan ( hurriedly ) Mark say he should be allow to do whatever he want to do . if he want to wear a negligee , he should be allow to wear a negligee , Mark say -- because there 's no tell , Mark say , what will happen if we do not give he he own way . david ( violently ) there 's no tell what will happen if I do not get my clothes ! I want to be marry ! aunt elizabeth Susan ! I forbid it ! I absolutely put my foot down ! I will cut you off without a penny ! david ( wildly ) if you would listen to I instead of listen to she --- aunt elizabeth ( with finality ) I be not go to listen to either of you . not another word , young man , until you be well ! and meantime , Hannah , there must be some of Mark 's clothes here . he can wear this . mrs . gogarty ( address David as she point toward Mark 's bedroom ) they be in there . David gather he finery about he and stalk into Mark 's bedroom with as much dignity as he can muster . Susan , see she prey on the wing , call after he : susan David - - wait ! [ 85 ] the bedroom door bang behind David , and Susan turn on aunt Elizabeth . susan now look what you have do ! if he get some clothes he will go away . and he 's the only man I have ever love ! she dash madly for she bedroom . aunt Elizabeth look after she and then look at Hannah . aunt elizabeth it 's so like Susan to fall in love with a lunatic ! well , it 's a good thing I come . bring in that luggage . mrs . gogarty ( as the chauffeur deposit luggage and go for more ) how long do you expect to be here , Mrs. random ? aunt elizabeth ( unsnapp George 's leash ) indefinitely . I be here for a long quiet rest . George need a rest , too . [ 86 ] 116 int . guest bedroom - day Susan have hurried into slack and be wildly comb she hair , which be still damp from the shower . the door to the live room stand open . George enter curiously . Susan grab she lipstick and dash out of the room to intercept David . camera stays on George , who have find David 's fossil on the chair . he regards it moodily for a moment , then take it in he mouth and with a air of ownership stalk out . 117 int . mark bedroom - day Susan be confront David , who be now dress , stock and all , for hunt . all David could find be white riding breech , boot and a pink hunt coat . susan but , David , you can not leave I here with aunt Elizabeth -- and a panther right out there ! david I be not responsible for you or you panther . it 's you problem . I , too , have a problem . I still have to see Mr. peabody . and I have to get marry ! susan but the way to get to Mr. peabody be through aunt Elizabeth . he have to do everything she tell he . if she say so , he will have to be nice to you -- because he 's she lawyer . David , on the point of flee , turn and eye she strangely . david what 's you aunt 's a name ? susan Elizabeth ! david ( hope he 's wrong but know he be not ) but she have another one . ( 87 ] susan oh yes , of course . naturally . david I have make a mistake . do not tell I . I do not want to hear it . ( start for the door ) susan it 's random . Mrs. carleton random . David sink wearily against the door jamb and groan . david out of seven million people , why -- why do I have to run into you yesterday ? susan ( plaintively ) what 's the matter ? what have I do now ? david Mrs. carleton random be go to give away a million dollar . susan I know . david ( as if talk to a idiot ) I want it for the museum ! susan you can not have it for the museum . she 's go to give it to I . David put he hand on she shoulder , as if make a die request . [ 88 ] david Susan -- could you concentrate for just a minute ? it 's important to I -- to my work -- that you aunt never find out who I be . can you remember that ? just that one thing ? Susan be melting at he touch . susan ( limply ) yes , David . david ( pull she closer ) you do understand , do not you ? susan ( languish ) yes , dear . david I be go away from here . I will never see you again . but -- ( in anguish ) -- do not -- do not ever tell she my name ! tell she I be Mark 's friend ! tell she I be a crackpot , if you like . but do not tell she I be David huxley ! pushes she off and stride out . Susan groggily come out of the fume of love and follow he . [ scene detail ] 118 int . guest bedroom - day David stride in to get he precious fossil . he go to the chair and pick up the empty box . with a horrify look he turn smack into Susan , who have follow he . david where be it ? susan ( dreamily ) where be what ? [ 89 ] david ( frantically ) my intercostal clavicle ! susan ( still in a trance ) you what ? david the bone ! it 's rare , it 's precious ! it take three expedition and five year to find that bone ! susan ( dreamily ) my ! david ( shaking she ) where be it ? what do you do with it ? give it to I ! susan I -- have not -- get it -- David . I do not -- swallow it ! he let go of she , drop on he knee and start look under the chair . Susan also get down on she knee and turn up the corner of the rug . 119 ext . garden - day under a rise bush , George be paw dirt over the bury bone . he regards he handiwork critically from several side , and then amble off . 120 int . guest bedroom - day David and Susan be crawl around , look under furniture - - everything - - in a frantic search for the bone . both peer under the bed . they gaze meet . david ( agonize ) Susan -- try to remember ! you be quite sure you do not carry it somewhere ? [ 90 ] susan no , David . why would I be carry a bone around ? david I would not dare give a reason for anything you do ! they crawl out simultaneously from under the bed . David slump dejectedly on the corner of the bed . Susan sit down on the other corner with she back almost against he . susan well , there 's only one thing to do . you will have to find another bone . david ( coldly ) it take three expedition and five year to find that one . susan you be make a awful fuss , David . now that you know where the place be , just send they back to get another one . david ( he hand clenching prayerfully all right -- we will leave that . the point be , if I do not find that bone , I can not go back to New York ! susan well , I think that 's pretty silly -- that a man can not go home because he can not find a bone . david Susan ! please ! there be some thing you should not try to discuss . what a intercostal clavicle mean to science -- and to I -- be beyond you capacity . where you can help be to remember where you put it . ( 91 ) susan ( plaintively , point ) I put it there -- where I find it ! david do you see anybody else in here ? susan nobody ! nobody but -- ( with illumination ) -- George ! they look at each other , speechless . both rise on a common impulse and start for the door . 121 int . vance live room - day Susan and David come dash from the guest bedroom and encounter aunt Elizabeth in the entry . aunt Elizabeth stare at David 's weird attire . David hurtle past they both and out the front door . susan ( wildly ) where 's George ? aunt elizabeth Susan , I want to talk to you -- alone ! susan ( look after David ) but , auntie , I have to find George . aunt elizabeth why ? susan David want he . David love he . he think he 's such a nice dog . aunt elizabeth nonsense ! George be a fiend , as you perfectly well know . [ 92 ] susan I know . but David do not , ( and to she aunt 's astonishment , she dash on past in pursuit of David ; call ) da-vid ! wait for I ! 122 ext . garden - day David be walk around a bush , snap he finger and whistling luringly . Susan dash in to he . susan do not do that , David . if the nasty little beast know you want he , he will hide . she put she finger to she lip and they start tiptoeing across the garden , camera following . George , who have be spying on they all the while , appear from behind a hedge and follow at David 's heel . his muzzle and paw be cover with fresh earth . he keep he nose a half - inch from David 's ankle , prepare to bite he if he walk too fast , prepare to bite he if he walk too slow , prepare to bite he anyway if the mood hit he . David stop suddenly in despair . david Susan , this be not get we anywhere . we will never find the worthless brute ! both start and turn as George growl at David . susan ( deceitfully ) oh , here 's the little doggie ! be not he a dear David ? she and David drop on they hand and knee and Susan quickly snatch one of George 's paw so that he can not get away . George growl . david ( indicate George 's earthy muzzle and paw with agitation ) look ! he 's be digging ! he 's bury it ! [ 93 ] susan oh dear ! there be twenty - six acre in this garden ! david ( sternly to George ) come on now -- where do you put that bono ? susan ( warningly ) oh no , David , not that way ! ( cooingly to George ) now , George , we be not angry . Susan and David need that bone . it 's a nasty old bone . it 's hundred of year old . Susan will get you a nice fresh bone , if you will show we where it be . George sit down and look bored . david ( bitterly address the dog ) you cur ! susan ( warningly ) David , do not ! you will ruin everything . spell it ! ( sweetly to George ) now , darling , do not be stubborn . Susan love you . let 's dig . come on , George - - let 's dig . she brushes the earth suggestively , show George , who know how to dig better than she do , what she mean by ' dig . 's George seem to get the idea . he rise and stalk off . Susan clutches David 's arm excitedly as they follow . susan see ? you just have to know how to handle he . everything 's go to be all right , David . ( 94 ) 123 the spot where we see George bury the fossil . George come stalking into scene with Susan and David follow expectantly . it be obvious that George be lead they to he bury treasure . in a moment we see that George have no such intention . he walk calmly over the spot and David and Susan follow he . susan ( in a hushed voice ) he 's go to dig in a minute . I can tell . sure enough , George dig , but not in the right spot . Susan and David drop on they hand and knee and help he dig with grow enthusiasm . susan ( talk to both David and George , in different tone ) good George ! that 's right ! good George !... you see , David , it 's all very simple if you just keep you head ... do not stop digging , dear . that 's a fine dog ... be not he a strong little man , David ? David be digging with silent determination . after a few minute of frantic digging , quite a nice hole have be make . George calmly lie down in it , put he head on he paw and shut he eye . for a moment Susan and David , on they hand and knee , stare at he in hurt surprise . david ( through clench tooth ) you unfeel beast ! susan ( frighten ) oh , David , do not ! ( lift George out of the hole and set he on he foot ; she voice honey ) if you be tired , dear , just show David and Susan , and they will dig . George seem to get the idea and amble off . they follow . dissolve out [ 95 ] 124 ext . another part of garden - afternoon gogarty , perspiration drip from he , be fill hole . he have a good many to go , run in a zigzag line . wearily and irritably he scoops dirt into the gape hole which he be work on , tamp down the earth , lean on he spade and regards what lie ahead of he : hole stretch in a interminable zigzag line . aunt Elizabeth enter to he from the house . she stand regard the hole and gogarty . aunt elizabeth what be you plant ? gogarty ( straighten irritably I would not be plant anything in a crooked line , mar 'am . that you know . aunt elizabeth then why be you digging hole ? gogarty I be not digging hole . I be fill up hole . aunt elizabeth but you can not fill up hole until after they have be dig . you must have dig they first . gogarty Mrs. random , I dig nothing . I be merely try to repair the damage which have be do to the finest garden in westlake County . and I have it in my mind , Mrs. random , to say just one thing . if miss Susan want to dig , why do not you get she a sandpile ? aunt elizabeth what have miss Susan to do with it ? [ 96 ] gogarty miss Susan have everything to do with it . miss Susan and that young man and you dog , Mrs. random , be careen around this garden just digging wherever they see fit . follow this hole and you will find she . it will be the work of year for I to repair this afternoon 's foolish foolishness . aunt Elizabeth look off -scene , puzzle , and go in the direction in which the hole lead . gogarty ( bend back to he task ) and , furthermore , I should say , Mrs. random , if you want a gardener who will put up with anything you can just get another man . it 's not gogarty who will be the tool of every whim of a twenty - year - old girl . 125 ext . garden - afternoon Susan , David , and George . David have complete the hole . he lean on he spade wearily and look inquiringly at George . George , who be now tired of digging or of see anyone else dig , put the seal of finality on the whole business . with a burst of energy he begin fill the hole . david ( in a bitter voice as he lean unmove on he spade ) oh , do not exhaust yourself , George . let I do it . aunt elizabeth' voice ( call peremptorily from off - scene ) Susan ! where be you ? George hear that well - know voice and duck out . he 's no fool . David drop the spade in try to catch George . susan follow he , David ! [ 97 ] David exit hurriedly in pursuit of George . aunt elizabeth' voice ( louder ) Susan ? susan ( faintly ) here , auntie ! she hurriedly brushes off she hand and push back she hair as aunt Elizabeth appear around some shrubbery and enter to she . aunt elizabeth ( with asperity ) Susan ! what in the world be you do ? ( indicate the hole ) what be this ? susan ( faintly ) hole . aunt elizabeth ( explosively ) I know they be hole ! how do they get here ? susan David and George be digging . aunt elizabeth ( confront she determinedly ) now , young lady , we be go to get down to brass tack . you be hide something . susan ( with a wail ) no ! aunt elizabeth who be this David ? [ 98 ] susan well -- he 's a friend of Mark 's . aunt elizabeth be that all you know about he ? susan no . I know I be go to marry he . he do not know it yet -- but I be ! aunt elizabeth what be he name ? what be he background ? what do he do ? susan his name ? it 's --uh--uh --bone . aunt elizabeth bone ? can not you be more explicit ? what do he do ? susan he -- he hunt . aunt elizabeth hunt what ? susan why--uh --animals , I should think . aunt elizabeth oh . be that how he meet Mark ? big-game hunt ? susan oh --very big . aunt elizabeth well , if you be plan to marry he on my money , you be mistaken . I will not have a lunatic in the family . you and Mark be quite enough for I to cope with . furthermore , when Alexander come tonight I shall speak to he seriously about you . as you guardian , he should be inform of the kind of company you be keep . [ 99 ] susan ( quavering ) you mean boopie 's come here ? tonight ? aunt elizabeth have you any objection to my see my lawyer ? he 's come late , but he 's go to spend the night -- and we will settle this tomorrow . her gaze fix off - scene with astonishment . 126 what she sees David crawl through a hedge on he hand and knee after George . 127 aunt elizabeth and susan they react . aunt elizabeth ( aghast ) Susan ! we just can not have that man around ! susan but , auntie , he 's only play with George . aunt elizabeth well , he 's not go to play with George any longer . ( call peremptorily ) George ! 128 ext . garden - at hedge - afternoon David crawl after George . the dog stop as aunt Elizabeth 's scream be hear again . aunt elizabeth' voice George ! come here ! this minute ! George start out of scene toward the voice . David grab at he leg and fall face down , miss . [ 100 ] 129 ext . garden - afternoon Susan and aunt Elizabeth . aunt elizabeth keep that man away from I , Susan . and mark my word , you be not safe either ! you can push Providence just so far . George enter and she snatch he up in she arm and march out toward the house . dissolve 130 ext . a romantic spot - late afternoon Susan and David be sit on the bank of a stream completely exhaust . Susan be happy because she have succeed in keep David in Connecticut . David be unhappy because she have succeed in keep he in Connecticut . susan ( sighing deeply and stretch out with she arm under she head ) oh-- how quiet it be ! be not it nice , David - - just to be quiet and - and -alone this way ? without a lot of people talk to we , I mean . david ( stare glumly ahead of he ) I can not think how he could have find a place where we do not dig . we have dig up practically twenty - six acre . susan ( with sweet reasonableness now , David , everything 's go to be all right . the bone 's here somewhere . George know where . there 's no point in we digging without George . but we can not have George because aunt Elizabeth will not let he out of the house . ( she tone change ) would not it be nice if we could just sit here forever and ever ? ( 101 ] david ( glumly ) but she have to let he out of the house sometime . susan I always say that people do not have time to fall in love in the city . now what could be nicer than just spend month and month get acquainted -- with somebody , of course , that you like -- and maybe - - could fall in love with ? she roll over and look pensively at David . david ( hopelessly ) of course it 's just possible that he do not bring it outdoors at all . susan you be not even willing to relax for a minute , be you ? david ( look around at she bitterly relax ? do you realize that I have telephone my fiancee twice and postpone my marriage ? susan yes . that 's too bad . it must be terrible for a girl to realize that a bone be more important than she be . david ( violently ) I have not tell she I have lose the intercostal clavicle ! I have not dare ! it would be too great a shock to she ! susan oh , I would not tell she I would lose it , David - -- I would just tell she it 's be mislaid . [ 102 ] david I be sure you would . susan now I would suggest that you tell she that you will be marry next week at the same time . that will give you a week here . we be sure to find it ina week . david oh , Susan , stop suggest thing ! susan ( hurt ) all right , David . I be only try to help . they sit bolt upright as the scream of the panther be hear from the stable . Susan jump up . susan baby ! we have not feed he ! david ( bitterly ) if it be not for my fossil , I would feed he George . susan ( frantically as another scream be hear ) if aunt Elizabeth hear that -- my goose be cook ! she plunge off toward the stable and David follow . dissolve out dissolve in ( 103 ] 131 int . vance stable - late afternoon Inside box stall -- David and Susan enter , leave the door open behind they . Susan pat the panther while David unwrap the package of meat he buy at westlake , which he have take from the steal car . as baby crouch over the meat there be a low growl from the doorway . George have escape the stern eye of aunt Elizabeth and be spying as usual . susan it 's George ! grab he ! david you grab he . you know he better . susan that 's why I will not grab he . david ( advance on George ) keep that panther back . we can not lose George - - yet . susan Mark say he like dog . david Mark probably mean he eat dog . he pounce on George in the dim light and go out of the box stall , Susan follow . 132 outside BOX stall -- David be hugging George firmly as Susan latch the door of the stall on the panther . susan he must like you . he have not growle since you pick he up . david ( bitterly ) he can not . his mouth be full of my hand . dissolve out dissolve in ( 104 ] 133 int . guest bedroom - night David have change back into he own clothes except for he coat . he have on a fresh shirt and look quite respectable again . he be on the telephone in the midst of a agitate conversation with miss swallow , he agitation arise largely from Susan 's jerk at he elbow . david but , Alice dear , I can not get in ! I have be unavoidably detain ! susan ( jerk at he elbow ) tell she at the same time next week . david ( put he hand over the mouthpiece ) Susan , will you go away ? susan ( tug at he elbow ) but , David , it might take a week . david ( into phone ) what , dear ? what do you say ? ... yes , dear , I know it 's unlike I . there be a blast from the other end of the wire . susan ( jerk at he sleeve ) do not be afraid of she , David . say something funny . david ( goad beyond control , fairly shout into phone as the blast cease ) I might as well tell you , Alice , -- I have lose the intercostal clavicle ! ( 105 ] there be a pierce scream from the receiver and he turn it away from he ear with a agonize expression . Susan jerk the receiver from he hand , put it in the drawer and shut the drawer . david ( aghast as he indicate the drawer ) but you can not just leave Alice there ! susan who can not ? David jerk open the drawer and take out the receiver . he speak tensely into the transmitter . david Alice ! answer I ! Alice ! Susan crowd she face into the transmitter and speak in the crisp manner of a operator . susan when you hear the signal , the time will be exactly seven thirty - one and a half . and she pick up a paper cutter and smack a brass bowl , which give out a loud gonglike note . 134 int . alice' home - night Alice in a dead faint at the other end of the wire . [ scene detail ] 135 int . entry - vance house - night mo . shot on front door . the doorbell be ringing . Mrs. gogarty open the door to disclose Major Horace applegate , a well - dress man of forty - five or fifty . in the driveway , through the door , we see a taxi draw out of scene . applegate I be Major applegate . Mrs. random ask I for dinner . will you find out if she still want I ? ( 106 ] aunt Elizabeth peer over Mrs. gogarty 's shoulder . aunt elizabeth be that you , Horace ? come in . applegate ( enter ) well , well , well , Elizabeth ! how be you ? aunt elizabeth ( as camera follows they into the live room ) I be a nervous wreck , as you very well know . I be always a nervous wreck . what I need be absolute peace and quiet and I never get it . it seem to I all my life I have be search for absolute peace and quiet and I have always find exactly the opposite . maybe that 's what come of be bear in my family . it do seem hard . they run into Susan , who come out of the guest bedroom , where she have be help David telephone . aunt elizabeth Susan , I want you to meet a very dear friend of mine -- Major applegate . ( as Susan offer she hand ) he want I to finance a most thrill expedition and he 's invite I to go along . susan I do not approve of expedition . how do you do , Major applegate ? aunt elizabeth that need not bother you . you be not go . susan I do not think you should go either , aunt Elizabeth . ( to applegate ) she 's really in very delicate health . ( 107 ] applegate ( with a nervous laugh ) oh--really , Elizabeth ? you -- you do not tell I that . aunt elizabeth ( with a snort ) I be no such thing ! I be in perfect health -- except that I be a nervous wreck . David , a bit ill at ease , enter from the guest bedroom . he stop short on find himself confront a stranger -- applegate . aunt Elizabeth look at they . aunt elizabeth I want you to meet Mr. bone . david and applegate ( extend they hand and speak simultaneously ) how do you do , Mr. bone ! aunt elizabeth ( lose patience with he paranoia , point a finger at David ) you be Mr. bone . this be Major applegate . applegate ( laugh uneasily ) oh yes . yes. quite . I be applegate . david but there must be some mistake -- aunt elizabeth oh no , there be not ! I have know Horace applegate for twenty year ! Susan , take he away ! susan ( with the sweet manner of a keeper ) come , Mr. bone . we will go for a nice little walk before dinner . [ 108 ] David go out in a utter daze . applegate look after he . applegate what a pity ! such a nice - look young man . aunt elizabeth conversation may be a little difficult at dinner , Horace . the young man 's have a nervous breakdown . talk to he about big game hunt . he 's a big game hunter , too . he can not talk sensibly about anything else . applegate oh yes , Elizabeth . I can talk for day on that subject . do not worry . you will find conversation flow very freely once I start draw he out . 136 int . vance stable - night gogarty enter like a man who be in search of a bottle , which he be , go to the door of the box stall where baby be , unlatch it and enter . he walk past baby in the dim light , reach up to a rafter and find he bottle , go out with the bottle , leave the door unlatch . gogarty sit down on a box and uncork he bottle . he take a swig to steady he nerve . dissolve out dissolve in [ 109 ] 137 int . vance dine room - night aunt Elizabeth , Major applegate , David and Susan be seat at dinner . conversation be slightly impede because David will not look at anybody but George , who lie on the floor well within view . Mrs. gogarty have already serve soup to David , Susan and aunt Elizabeth . now she enter through pantry door , bear down upon Major applegate . applegate ( clear he throat as she place the soup before he ) have you ever be in Arabia , Mr. bone ? Mrs. gogarty march back to the kitchen . David , engross in George , make no response and applegate once more clear he throat as he try again . applegate I say , Mr. bone , have you ever be -- in Arabia ? david ( abruptly , without take he eye off George ) no . applegate ( dogge ) I suppose you have -- spend most of you time in Africa ? david no . why should I ? applegate look helplessly at aunt Elizabeth , who make a gesture of wash she hand of the whole business . applegate tibet ? david no. ( 110 ] applegate ( desperately ) malay Peninsula ? George get up and wander in a leisurely fashion through the doorway . David rise abruptly . david Excuse I . applegate follow David 's exit with he gaze . applegate I think it hit it . aunt elizabeth ( with a snort ) do you think it 's worth it ? susan ( quickly ) he be horribly claw by a tiger in the malay States . he do not like talk about it . applegate oh , I see ... do not worry , Elizabeth . I will draw he out . through another door George come into the room , David stalking after he . George flop down . David resume he seat and he soup , still keep he eye fix on George . susan ( tipping David off ) I have just be tell Major applegate that you be badly claw in the malay Peninsula . david I have never be in the malay Peninsula . this throw they all for a loss . ( 111 ] applegate what type of gun do you use in hunt tiger ? again George be on the loose . David rise . david ( mutter ) Excuse I . all watch as David stalk out after George . aunt elizabeth really , Susan , imagine give a dinner party , with you husband stalking like hamlet 's father all through the meal ! it 's unthinkable ! susan ( dreamily ) be not he sweet ! do you ever see such shoulder ! 138 int . vance stable - night gogarty seat on the box and take another drink . baby have come out of the stall and be pad silently toward he . the panther rub lightly against the nice man . gogarty reach down carelessly behind he and pat baby . gogarty hello , George , I boyo ! a funny expression come over he face as he go on patting baby . he begin to suspect this be not a dog , because dog do not purr . he screw up he courage and look around , then spring to he foot with a inarticulate cry and rush out of the stable . 139 int . vance kitchen - night Mrs. gogarty have the fish course set out on a silver tray and be just pass the kitchen door as gogarty burst in and send the tray fly . Mrs. gogarty stare at he indignantly . mrs . gogarty blast you , gogarty ! ( 112 ] 140 int . vance dine room - night group shot . as David and George enter there be a terrific crash off - scene . David , without a word of explanation about he absence , resume he seat and fix he eye on George . aunt elizabeth ( ringing the bell violently ) what be that ? Hannah ! Hannah ! 141 int . vance kitchen - night two shot -- Hannah and gogarty . gogarty Hannah , this be no time for personality . where 's my gun ? mrs . gogarty gun ? what would you be want with a gun ? gogarty do not be ask question in a crisis ! where 's my gun ? mrs . gogarty it 's where you leave it -- in you room under the bed , the night you think you hear a burglar . what do you want it for now ? gogarty a cat it be ! ( gesture ) that big ! with eye like ball of fire ! the ringing of the dining room bell be hear off-scene , and aunt Elizabeth 's voice . aunt elizabeth' voice Hannah ! ( 113 ] 142 int . vance dine room - night mo . shot . Mrs. gogarty appear in the pantry doorway . mrs . gogarty yes , mar 'am . aunt elizabeth what be all that bang about out there ? mrs . gogarty that be gogarty , mar 'am . gogarty 's face appear in the doorway behind she . gogarty I see a cat ! I see a cat as big as a cow , Mrs. random ! it come right up and breathe in my face ! aunt elizabeth what nonsense ! mrs . gogarty that 's what I say , mar 'am . Susan and David freeze and lean forward . for the first time David unfix he gaze from George . susan what -- do -- you -- say -- you -- see ? gogarty a cat -- with eye like ball of fire . aunt elizabeth gogarty , you have be drink again ! gogarty nary a drop have I have , Mrs. random , as I live a ' breathe . a gun be what 's need and a man to wield it -- an' gogarty 's the man ! ( 114 ] Mrs. gogarty push gogarty back through the door and close it . applegate ( to ease the social tension ; laugh nervously I see a tiger once -- in abyssinia . david and susan ( rise as one ) Excuse I ! applegate , check in mid-sentence , stare open - mouth at the recede figure . aunt elizabeth I suppose it 's too much the meal ? applegate no , no , Elizabeth , I -- aunt elizabeth good ! Hannah , serve the 143 int . vance stable - Susan and David rush in . susan baby ! baby ! david now do not lose you head susan ( insanely ) do not lose my what ? david do not lose you head ! ( 115 ] susan ( clasp she head frant . I have not lose my head ! david ( shaking she ) collect yourself , Susan ! hysteria . stop shaking ! susan I -- I be not -- s-shakin to expect -- but would you mind stay through er -- I be plan to . next course ! night the stall be empty . , Susan ! do not lose you head ! ically ) I have not ! nothing be to be gain by uncontrolled g . you -- you be -- s-shake I . he drop he hand . for the first time Susan have meet she waterloo . she be willing to turn to David for a solution . 144 int . vance dine room - night Mrs. gogarty enter from the pantry with a platter of roast squab . aunt elizabeth ( help herself ) one reason why I would like to go on this expedition , Horace , be that it would make drusilla voorhy green with jealousy . she 's always brag about she experience -- but the only primitive life she 's ever have be when she be live with that fat tenor what 's -his -name . applegate oh ! be he -- primitive ? Susan enter and slide into she seat behind Mrs. gogarty susan oh. squab . ( 116 ] aunt elizabeth ten year , off and on , I have live with drusilla -- and I have never see she stop act . she can not forget that she once sing at La scala and she neglect to mention that it cost she third husband ten thousand dollar . a voice like a crow -- and I can not give a party that she do not sing after dinner ! applegate Elizabeth , I should not live with she . aunt elizabeth but , Horace , she 's my dearest friend . applegate ( choke on he food ) oh. aunt elizabeth and now that she have that moth -eaten cheetah she 's insufferable . applegate oh . a cheetah . you mean -- ( make he four finger walk on the tablecloth ) a cheetah ? aunt elizabeth oh , it 's perfectly safe . its tooth be all go . but it walk , and crowd follow she -- and that 's all she want . attention ! that 's why I leave Paris . I will not be put in the shade by that woman ! ( 117 ] 145 int . guest bedroom - night David at telephone in a agitate state . david listen ! it do not matter what my name be . I -- see -- a -- panther ! 146 int . zoo office - night close shot -- Zoo official in uniform , at phone . zoo official yeah , I hear you . you see a panther . ( drily ) in Connecticut ! 147 int . vance dine room - night Susan , applegate , aunt Elizabeth at table . Susan have finish she squab . she be prattling to cover David 's telephon . susan I know just how you feel , aunt Elizabeth , about the voorhy woman . cheetah be nasty thing to have around the house . any big animal be a lot of bother . aunt elizabeth ( brusquely ) nothing of the kind ! I be go to have a panther . Mark 's send it from Brazil . susan ( stunne ) a panther ? aunt elizabeth ( emphatically ) I be not go to have drusilla lording it over I any longer with she cheetah . Mark cable I that he have the panther . I can not think why it have not arrive . maybe he 's training it . ( 118 ] susan ( faintly ) Excuse I . ( stagger from the room in search of David ) applegate have she ever be claw by a panther ? 148 int . guest bedroom - night David be just hang up the telephone receiver as Susan dash into the room , skid on the rug and fall at he foot . susan do not call the Zoo ! do not call the Zoo , David ! david I have call the Zoo . it 's all fix ! susan call they back and unfix it ! do not ask question ! call they back ! david I will not ! I tell the Zoo they could have the panther if they find he . susan you give he baby ! you give away my life 's happiness -- my brother 's trust in I ! you give away my inheritance ! david I have have enough ! I quit ! susan ( thrust receiver at he ) you can not quit ! ( 119 ] david you tell I the only thing stand between you and a million dollar be that panther . well -- now it 's go ! susan ( wail ) but , David , everything 's change . I just find out that panther belong to aunt Elizabeth ! ( dance in a frenzy ) I will explain later ! call they back and tell they you be mistaken . david I have just spend fifteen minute convincing they that I do see a panther . they will not believe I ! susan ( wrenching receiver from he ) I will tell they you be a drug addict -- that you be always see thing ! david ( wrenching receiver back ) you will do nothing of the sort ! ( start to dial ) 149 int . vance dine room - night aunt Elizabeth and Major applegate have reach the dessert and coffee . aunt elizabeth I would like to finance you expedition , Horace -- but there be something to be say for further science . without science we would not have plastic surgery and the telephone . ( 120 ] applegate without science , Elizabeth , we would be free of this complicated civilization . the primitive life be the richer life . Men and woman -- untrammele -- think of it ! aunt elizabeth I also have to think of the responsibility of give away so much money . I would like to have my name in the Museum . but before I make up my mind I must talk to this young Dr. huxley I have hear so much about . then I will be able to decide between you -- the Museum -- and Susan . applegate I have my heart set on show you the jungle , Elizabeth . picture it ! a vast mysterious silence vibrant with life -- strange cry in the night - there be a strange cry in the night , which we know be baby but they do not . they listen . George get up and go to the window . aunt elizabeth do you hear that , Horace ? applegate a loon ! ( resume he rhapsody once you get the jungle in you blood , Elizabeth , I would not be able to keep you out of it . aunt elizabeth I would have to come out every now and then for a permanent . applegate picture bathing in a cool , limpid stream ---- again baby scream . George drop he paw from the window and trot out . ( 121 ] 150 int . guest bedroom night David hang up the receiver , defeat . david there 's nobody there . the night watchman say they have all go out panther hunt . susan then there 's only one thing to do , David . we must catch he before they do ! what be the best thing to take when you be go to catch a panther . david ( mad ) a bigger panther ! 151 int . vance dine room - night aunt Elizabeth and Major applegate be at coffee as Susan and David enter . David start walk around the table , peer under it for George . aunt elizabeth what be you look for ? david ( agitate ) George ! where 's George ? aunt elizabeth I do not know ! what do it matter ? david matter ?... Susan , you have lose George again ! aunt elizabeth why this morbid interest in George ? david he have my intercostal clavicle ! ( 122 ] aunt elizabeth oh , Horace , take he away ! susan do not be angry with David , auntie . he 's just overwrought . aunt elizabeth I wish he would go somewhere else and be overwrought ! they be divert by the sudden outcry of the panther . Susan and David look at each other . aunt elizabeth Horace ! be you sure that 's a loon ? susan I do not hear anything . applegate I have hear many a loon , Elizabeth , and if ever I hear a loon that 's a loon . be not it , Mr. bone ? david no. applegate well , what would you say it be ? david ( savagely ) well , since you put it that way I would say it 's a panther ! Susan just moan . David be on the loose . aunt elizabeth nonsense ! Major applegate would know a panther if he hear one ! applegate of course I would . I be a authority on animal cry . ( 123 ] david all right -- it 's a loon ! applegate the panther cry be something you can never forget . david I know . applegate it vary at different season . now -- let I see -- what month be aunt elizabeth June ! applegate this - oh yes , June . now let I see . June . it would go something like this . he cup he hand and let out a unearthly scream . david it 's still a loon ! applegate I have not practice the panther cry in a long time . I be slightly out of voice . carefully cup he hand , but just as he be about to cut loose baby scream from near the house . everybody look at Horace as if he be a ventriloquist . susan ( with a moan ) ohhhhh ! applegate ( nervously ) I do not do that . ( 124 ] david try again , Major . maybe it will come in and we will see what it be ! susan it be probably a echo . david it be a long time come back ! applegate cup he hand a gain , glance over he shoulder dubiously , then let out a pierce yodel . all listen except Susan , who put she finger in she ear . back come the answer scream of baby . applegate that 's curious . there be not any panther in Connecticut , be there ? david yes. Susan , see that David be mad enough to tell the whole story , think fast and frantically . she rise from the table weakly , she hand flutter uncertainly , she eye in a fix , unnatural stare . susan I feel funny . david ( savagely ) well , you be not , you little fiend ! you be just plain vicious ! aunt elizabeth Susan , what be it ? I do not like you say that my niece be vicious , Mr. bone . she have very kind instinct . david she have all the kind instinct of a cobra . only a cobra do not go look for you . ( 125 ] applegate she 's ill ! Susan be rock back and forth , look for a convenient place to fall . she reel about until there be no chair in the way . applegate she 's go to faint ! susan ( faintly ) I will be all right . david you bet she will be . all right ! she would be all right in a de of lion ! Susan totter gracefully and fall . aunt elizabeth ( run to Susan ) Hannah ! Horace ! get I some water ! ( Hannah enter ) the smell salt , Hannah ! ( Hannah scurries ) do something , Mr. bone . do not just stand there ! david she 's sham . applegate bring a carafe of water , tremblingly pour a glass and hand it to aunt Elizabeth , who prop up Susan 's head and try to force it between she lip . applegate be she come to , Elizabeth ? aunt elizabeth ( despairingly ) no. Hannah enter with the smell salt . aunt Elizabeth wrench they from she hand . ( 126 ] david ( calmly ) if the little beast know how silly she look , she would revive soon enough . susan ( sit up ; indignantly ) well , of all the heartless brute ! david maybe . but I be not a fool . I know when people faint they do not fall backward . susan ( get to she foot with alacrity . now she 's mad ) all right , Mr. David hux -- david ( silencing she wildly by push motion through the air with he hand ) no ! no , Susan ! what do you want I to do ? whatever it be , I will do it . aunt elizabeth ( at she wit ' ant patience ' end ) this be a madhouse ! I need some air . Horace , take I for a walk in the garden ! applegate ( rise ) why , of course , Elizabeth . nothing like a stroll after dinner to quiet the nerve . they start for the entry . ( 127 ] 152 ext . vance garden - night aunt Elizabeth and applegate be strolling in the moonlight . patch of shrubbery throw deep shadow . aunt elizabeth you be very quiet , Horace . applegate I can not understand why that loon should answer a panther cry . there 's something wrong . I very rarely miss . the urge be too much for he . he must prove to himself that he can cry like a panther . he croon it softly . 153 int . vance kitchen - night Mrs. gogarty be wash dish . gogarty , at one side of the room , be busily clean he gun . we can see that he be clean he gun because that will take time and the more time it take the further away the cat that he be go to hunt will be . Susan stroll in with a air of innocence . susan I have a little headache . if aunt Elizabeth ask for I , tell she that I have go to bed . what 's the gun for , gogarty ? gogarty if you would see what I see , miss Susan , you would be lookin ' you window and beggin ' I on you knee to sit outside you bedroom door all night . susan I -- I have a errand for you to do , gogarty . there 's a car out in the stable . I want you to take it into westlake and leave it in front of the butcher shop -- later tonight . ( walk around he speculatively be you a -- good marksman , gogarty ? [ 128 ] mrs . gogarty he can not hit the broad side of a barn . gogarty there never be a irishman yet , Hannah gogarty , that do not have the eye of a eagle . and aloysius gogarty be no exception . susan gun be dangerous thing , gogarty . I should not fool around with that one too much , if I be you . you might shoot somebody . gogarty I will shoot nobody . the responsibility of protectin ' helpless woman lie heavily on I shoulder . nobody could ever say that aloysius gogarty be not on the alert . susan you -- uh -- you will not forget about the car , will you , gogarty ? in front of the butcher shop , mind . ( set down the empty glass and start out ) and , gogarty , do not be conspicuous about it . just take it in quietly , get out quietly and catch the bus back at about -- oh , I should say -- at about midnight . ( she drift on out the door ) 154 ext . vance garden - night applegate and aunt Elizabeth strolling . aunt elizabeth I do not know , Horace . a loon and a panther sound very much alike to I . applegate no , no , Elizabeth . a panther cry be like this ! and cupping he hand he let out a fearful scream . [ 129 ] 155 ext . vance ground - night baby lope across a lawn toward the two figure . [ scene detail ] 156 ext . vance garden - night strolling shot of applegate and aunt Elizabeth as baby glide in and slink along contentedly behind they . applegate I learn it from a bushman in the congo . it take year of practice . it 's do largely with the palate . you curl the tongue so -- ( curl he tongue ) thus the sound come up , and out . also , the hand play a important part in the resonance and carry power . the thumb must be together between the cleft . and , Elizabeth , it 's very important to keep the base of the thumb together -- so . in so do you get a pear-shape sound . now , have do this , one take a very deep breath , and keep a open throat -- again he rend the silence . at this moment they have pass some shrubbery and baby , who have slunk into the black shadow , answer he enthusiastically . baby 's scream be better . applegate whirl on aunt Elizabeth . applegate Elizabeth ! not so fast ! ( as she stare at he ) but I must say that 's remarkably good . I think you have get it ! aunt elizabeth get what ? applegate the mate cry ! aunt elizabeth do not be rude , Horace . applegate but you do not seem to realize what you have achieve . ( 130 ] aunt elizabeth Horace ! what be you talk about ? applegate I be talk about the way you scream . aunt elizabeth I do not scream . applegate ( look around uneasily I be beginning to think there 's something wrong here . his gaze fix on something behind she . 157 what he sees baby stand in the clear moonlight . 158 two shot as applegate react . applegate I -- think -- it 's time -- we go back -- to the house . aunt elizabeth we just leave the house , Horace . applegate I know -- but do not you think -- it would be a good idea -- back ? aunt elizabeth if we go no , I do not I think it would be a good idea if we continue we walk and stop talk about panther and scream . applegate but , Elizabeth -- do not you find it -- a bit chilly ? he be walk along beside she , camera following , peer over he shoulder . ( 131 ] aunt elizabeth chilly ? nonsense ! it 's positively balmy ! applegate ( irritate ) who 's balmy ? aunt elizabeth ( stop ) Horace ! what 's come over you ? applegate ( pleadingly ) Elizabeth -- I think we ought to go in . aunt elizabeth but , Horace ! , I do not want to go in , I like it here . they start walk again , camera following . Horace be still peer over he shoulder . he be aware that it 's up to he as a man to conceal from aunt Elizabeth the fact that death be at this very moment stalking she . he be also aware that aunt Elizabeth , when she want to walk , will walk , come hell or high water . he propel she through the door and push in after she in frantic haste . camera follows they as they catapult into the entryway . aunt Elizabeth be thoroughly bewilder . applegate be thoroughly jittery . applegate do I hear that man -- gogarty - say that he -- have a gun ? aunt elizabeth I do not know whether you hear he say so , but he have . applegate where will I find he ? aunt elizabeth in the kitchen , I should think . why ? camera follows applegate as he rush away from she without a word , in the direction of the kitchen . ( 132 ] 159 int . vance kitchen - night gogarty be hold the gun up stock first , peer down the barrel . Mrs. gogarty have finish the dish and be rinsing out the tea towel . gogarty ... and so I say to she , I say , ' Mrs. random , you niece be a nitwit ! 's and she just look at I . ' furthermore , Mrs. random , 's I say , ' if she want to dig hole she can fill up the hole . it 's not gogarty that 's go to do it . 's the kitchen door burst open and applegate rush in . he snatch at the gun . gogarty resist manfully but be force to surrender it . applegate what do you say you see ? gogarty ( bristle ) I say I see a cat as big as a cow , and I see a cat as big as a cow -- a small cow . and if you have come in here to insinuate -- applegate come with I , my good man ! gogarty march behind he . 160 int . entry , vance house - night aunt Elizabeth be wonder at applegate 's haste . baby pad in , vanish into dining room . applegate come dash out of the kitchen , bear the gun , gogarty behind he . aunt elizabeth ( point at gun ) what 's that for ? applegate I want you to promise I that you will stay indoors -- till I come back . and keep the door close . ( 133 ] she watch he as he go from window to window , close and lock they . aunt elizabeth why be you do that ? applegate I do not know . I just have a feel -- that this be the best thing to do . we have get to keep everything out -- we must be sure that nothing get in aunt elizabeth include air ? applegate yes , the night air -- be very dangerous , nothing must get in ! pantomime the close of window , he motion gogarty into the bedroom to do likewise . intent on barricade the house he head for the dining room , aunt Elizabeth sink into a chair . aunt elizabeth balmy ! the lot of they ! 161 int . vance dine room - night baby pad around , look for a place to curl up . he stroll behind a chair as applegate enter and go to a window which look out on the garden . as he be bolt this window , baby come around the end of the table and go over to rub against the back of he leg . with a despair moan applegate trip and fall over the panther . baby leap lightly through the second window and vanish . gogarty enter the room , look at the prone applegate , close and lock the open window . applegate , scramble to he foot , seize the gun , turn and dash out through the entry . gogarty follow . 162 ext . riverbank - night truck shot Susan and David search for baby . Susan be sing , ' I can not give you anything but Love , baby . 's she break off and turn on David , who be load down with the fish net and rope . susan David , you might sing . at least . ( 134 ] david I can not sing . susan you can , too . you have a fine strong voice . david but not for sing . susan it 's not fair . you be just be stubborn ! I be do all the work . I will bet if miss swallow tell you to you would sing . I will bet if miss swallow tell you to do anything you would do it . david ( bitterly ) I would have to see she first . but I have a feel I never will . the bark of a dog be hear . David stop rigidly and look across the river . david that 's a dog ! susan ( look across ) it 's George ! ( squeal out as she point off ) and baby ! 163 ext . opposite bank - night what they see : shot of the panther and dog approach on a rise of ground , so that they show clearly in the moonlight . George be walk stiff - legge , sidling up toward the panther , which crouch . ( 135 ] 164 ext . riverbank - night Susan and David watch this . david ( in a freeze tone ) in another minute my intercostal clavicle will be go . forever , ( put he hand on she arm beseechingly ) Susan , now think ! be there any way to cross this river ? susan oh yes . it 's only about so deep . ( indicate a foot ) we can wade across . they run down the bank , Susan in the lead , camera trucking with they . she step in the water and immediately disappear . susan ( with a yell as she come up ) the river bed 's change ! she go down again . David jump in and pull she out . she cough and choke as he slap she impatiently on the back . susan ( in a daze ) do we get across ? david ( bitterly ) no , Susan we be right back where we start . only we be wet . susan well , while you be about it , you might as well have go to the other side . david ( savagely ) while I be wet I might as well go to the other side ! ( dive in and start swim across ) ( 136 ] susan ( squealing to he ) David ! wait for I ! ( dive in after he ) dissolve 165 ext . opposite bank - night Susan and David emerge drip from the water , climb the bank and look at the rise of ground . 166 what they see George and baby play . 167 susan and david yell simultaneously . susan baby ! david GEORGE ! 168 baby and GEORGE - play . startle by the cry , they cut and run , together . 169 susan and david turn on each other accusingly and speak simultaneously . susan now you have scared he away ! david do you have to yell like that ? dissolve 170 ext . foot of dirt bank ten feet below - night Susan and David catapult into scene , land flat on they face shoulder to shoulder . for a moment they lie with they face down , then turn they head and rest they on the earth , face to face . susan ( bitterly ) just because you be mad at I you do not have to push I . ( 137 ] david I regret to say , Susan , I do not think of it . susan ( sighing ) and it could be so nice . the moon and everything .... and we could have such fun . I like be with you , David . david you power of endurance be remarkable , Susan . mine be not so good . I like peace and quiet . ( there be a long silence ) you know , I have be think . it 's foolish of I to be follow you around , try to find a panther that will bring you a million dollar I want for the Museum . ( another thoughtful silence ) if you would plan it , you could not have ruin my chance for get that bequest more thoroughly . you tell you aunt that I be crazy . you tell she my name be bone and you do not tell I . you tell she I be a big game hunter and you do not tell I . you tell anybody anything that come into you head and you do not tell I ! susan there 's something else I forget to tell you . boopie 's come to the house tonight . slowly David rear up on he elbow and stare off into space , stunne . david if peabody see I , he 's go to tell you aunt who I be . he think I be crazy , too . he will not remember the four year I have spend on the brontosaurus group . he will only remember that I hit he on the head with a rock -- he think . ( 138 ] susan it 's quiet here , be not it ... peaceful . david yes . let 's stay here and let George and baby look for we . they lie in silence for a moment , both engross in they own thought -- hers of love , he of murder . faintly from the distance we hear the circus calliope . susan ( dreamily ) listen to the music ... where 's it come from ? david that be westlake . there 's a circus there . can you remember -- away back to this morning ? that 's where I be suppose to be throw knife -- and you be riding a trapeze . and here we be . just loafing . dissolve 171 ext . circus lot - night close up sign , read : sell -baily circus . the calliope be now loud . camera pull back to bring into frame a cage - truck contain a enraged panther leaping against the bar . in b.g. be a suggestion of the Big top -- gasoline flare , etc ? several roustabouts stand beside the cage . second roustabout they should of shot he last summer when he rip up caldoni . first roustabout well , he sure give that new trainer a go - over tonight ! second roustabout I tell tem he would do it again . once a cat 's bad , he 's always bad . this jungle - breed cat be hard to handle , anyway . ( 139 ] circus manager ( enter briskly ) what be you wait for , Joe ? joe ( truck driver ) nobody 's tell I what to do with he , boss . circus manager if I have my way we would shoot he right here . baily say for you to take he into bridgeport and put he in the gas chamber . ( to roustabout ) you go along with he , Mac . first roustabout who ? I ? circus manager you hear what I say . ( as Mac climb in beside Joe ) and keep you mouth shut . there 's a lot of dough invest in this animal , and we can not afford to have this kind of thing get out ! Mac make a okay gesture with he hand . the truck start off . dissolve 172 ext . highway outside town - night the cage - truck slow down and stop at a fork in the road . the panther be now quiet . in the moonlight we can see he silhouett against the bar . 173 close shot of Joe and Mac . they peer ahead . mac ( point right ) I tell you bridgeport 's that way ! ( 140 ] joe ( point leave ) no , mac all joe it be not . it 's that way ! right . go that way . but you will not get to bridgeport . where 's that road map ? 174 ext . high hedge at roadside - night Susan and David have build a small bonfire . carefully laid out on rock before it be David 's shirt and Susan 's dress . she be wear he coat , which have already dry somewhat . he be clad only in he trousers . susan if there would be a bathhouse we could have do this much quick . david next time I will try and arrange one . or perhaps there be portable bathhouse for people like you . there must be . susan anyhow , I know how to build a fire without match . david you probably have practice set fire to the house when you be a child . joe' voice ( through the hedge ; he 's mad and yell now ) you see ? it 's that way ! ( 141 ] mac' voice you have get the map upside down ! Susan and David cautiously push through into the hedge and peer over . 175 what they see the halt cage - truck directly before they . silhouett against the moon be the figure of the panther . the truck headlight illuminate the fork road . 176 close two shot Susan and David . susan look ! the Zoo ! they have get baby ! david well , that 's that . be George with he ? susan I do not know ! I can not see ! but we have to get baby away from they ! david all I promise to do be help you find baby . well -- we have find he . Susan begin to push David toward the front of the truck . camera truck with they . susan all you have to do be talk to that man ! I will do the rest ! david but what can I talk about ? susan they be from the Zoo ! tell they you be a zoologist ! talk about zoo ! ( 142 ] 177 front of truck the truck just begin to move as David , san shirt , step into the glare of the headlight with upraise hand . Joe put on the brake again . david good evening ! joe do you know the way to bridgeport ? david I be not go to bridgeport . mac ( tapping himself on the chest ) we be go to bridgeport . do you know which way it be ? david yes . they wait joe ( point it 's that david yes . mac ( point but I say for he to go on , but he do not . leave ) way , be not it ? right ) it 's that way . David consider for a moment , david yes . it be . joe ( protest ) but you say it be that way . ( 143 ] gravely . david gentlemen , if you doubt I why do you ask I ? ( this hold they for a moment ) you can go that way -- ( point ) or you can go this way -- ( point ) but , as a matter of fact , I would not advise either way . why you should go to bridgeport when the quick way to New York be straight ahead , I do not know . 178 close shot Joe and Mac . for a moment they be stunne . joe this guy be not get all he button . 179 rear of cage - mo . shot Susan struggle with the hasp . susan the poor li'l baby . do they lock he all up ? nassy ol ' man . well , we will fix that . ( as panther strike at she ) stop that , you fool -- or I will smack you ! she swing the door open . the panther leap out beside she , stand lash he tail . she pick up the rope and approach he coaxingly . susan now wait till mummy get he collar on . the panther spring past she and over the hedge . susan baby ! baby ! baby ! ( indignantly ) oh , you brute ! ( 144 ] 180 front of truck David be still block the way , be completely unhelpful . david now , bridgeport be a nice little town , but with a population of fifty thousand you can not expect gaiety . New York , on the other hand , with seven million people , naturally tend to have center of entertainment . all the best talent quite reasonably flow to a point where there will be more people to appreciate it . Susan fly around and clutches at David in the glare of the light . she be drag the rope and look equally nutty . susan ba-by ! joe should we help you tie he up , lady ? susan no -- thank you . just go away -- everything will be quite -- all right . 181 close shot Joe and Mac in the truck as Joe put the truck in gear and start forward on he own leave turn . Mac lean out , look after Susan and David . mac imagine be marry to a guy like that ! poor kid ! she 's a neat number . 182 full shot as truck move off out of scene . dissolve out dissolve in ( 145 ] 183 ext . at tree - night the bad panther be climb a tree . the next moment we hear Susan 's voice , call sweetly , " baby ! baby ! " she and David trudge in and stop directly under the panther , who be on a limb . they be now fully dress . Susan point . susan he go that way . they be arrest by the cry of a panther -- which be applegate . the panther above they lift he head . susan that 's baby ! david he could not have get that far . susan oh , they can run very fast . the cry come wafting down the wind once more . 184 ext . OPEN meadow - night applegate , with gogarty , come wading through knee - deep grass . gogarty bear the gun . applegate stop , cup he hand and cry like a panther . gogarty look on in pleased admiration . gogarty that 's a noble noise , that be . 185 ext . at tree - night Susan , David and the panther above they head , listen intently . Susan point off excitedly . susan there he be again ! come on ! she plunge off , follow by David . ( 146 ] 186 ext . meadow - night mo . shot -- baby and George play together . applegate 's luring call be hear . baby scramble to he foot and listen . 187 ext . stone wall - night applegate , follow by gogarty , climb the wall . find the wall a point of vantage , he cup he hand and give vent to the best cry of he career . then both he and gogarty listen intently . back on the night air come a answer cry . applegate point to one side triumphantly . from the opposite direction a even better cry be hear . instinctively he whirl and point in that direction . gogarty , in a rage , throw the gun down . the place be lousy with panther ! dissolve 188 ext . thicket - night truck shot -- Susan and David push they way through . as she part the springy bush one by one they fly back in David 's face . Susan let go a particularly strong limb and it give he a terrific belt . susan ba-by ! BA - by !... I have sort of lose my sense of direction . I wonder where we be ? david my rough guess be somewhere near the canadian border . susan the last cry come from about here . she trip over a vine and fall with a crash and a moan . David lift she to she foot and set she down with a jar . david watch where you be go ! susan watch where I be go yourself , you smart alec ! ( 147 ] david now , Susan , you be tired and I be tired . I would suggest that we go home . susan go home yourself , quitter ! go on home ! the idea , turn a wild animal loose on a innocent countryside and then go home and sleep -- with life in danger all over -- david oh , Susan , do stop make a fool of yourself ! susan so ! she stalk off . David follow . camera follows they . Susan stop and face David . susan please , David , I would rather you do not . david do not what ? susan do not come with I . ( injure ) after all I have go through for you , that you can not come out and do a simple thing like help I find a panther -- I think it 's pretty shabby ! I would rather -- if you do not mind -- go on alone . david oh , very well . he sit down on a log and light a cigarette . Susan push off through the brush . her blind crash be hear . there be a terrific crash , then silence . David listen as a gurgle cry rise to a wail . he calmly tamp out he cigarette and start in the direction of the wail . 189 ext . in brush - night Susan cry and roll over as she try to extricate herself from a mass of vine . David stalk in . once more he lift she to she foot . now that she be no longer the manage Susan he tenderness come to the fore . he still know that she be a menace but he realize that there be something soft and feminine in he arm . david Susan , you natural instinct for be wrong astound I . but somehow I would rather be with you wrong than with anyone else right . susan oh , da-vid ! david ( mop she tear ) you face be dirty . susan ( she mouth up ) I d- do not c-care . David be gradually grow less interested in mop she face than in kissing it . he struggle manfully against the impulse but Susan lift she face higher . just as he be about to kiss she there be the unearthly scream of a panther , only a few yard away . David jump and turn . susan ( dreamily ) do not bother , David . david but it 's baby ! susan of course it be . what of it ? ( open she eye ; he be go ) oh , blast baby ! I will make he pay for this ! she start after David . ( 149 ] 190 ext . clearing - night baby and George come prowling along . David come dash out of the thicket , follow by Susan , who be now pursue David , not the panther . David reach baby and begin to stroke he . david good baby . Nice baby . ( George growl ; David look at the dog grimly I will deal with you later . ( reach toward Susan , behind he ) Quick -- give I that rope ! susan I -- T lose it ! David , in dull fury , stare straight ahead . david all right . you take he home ! susan come , baby . come home with Susan . come , darling . come , sweet . baby , to she astonishment , begin follow she . camera move on they . 191 ext . thicket - night applegate stand all poise for the mate call , gogarty behind he . applegate cut loose . gogarty twitches at he sleeve . gogarty how do you make that noise ? applegate ( impatiently ) you could not learn it . it take year of practice . gogarty ( defiantly ) I could learn it in a week ! he cup he hand and make a awful bawling sound . applegate do a panther scream once more . ( 150 ] 192 ext . clearing - night Susan and David lead panther and George . applegate 's scream ring hideously . baby jump and take refuge in the nearest tree . susan ( slowly ) that would be applegate . david ( bitterly as he eye the panther hang over a limb ) loon hunt , no doubt . susan do not you pay any attention to he , baby . you come down to Susan . Susan will take care of you . david I suppose now you want I to climb up and push he down ? susan no. should not we try sing ? 193 ext . thicket - night applegate , follow by gogarty , claw he way through the thicket . gogarty cup he hand and applegate slap he hand down . applegate stop that ! you will have the whole countryside arouse ! 194 ext . clearing - night Susan and David under the treed panther . Susan be sing , well into ' I can not give you anything but Love , baby 's . George sit beside they , he feel for music beginning to stir . David be pick up the song wherever he can find a word that he know . George , catch by the spirit of the thing , lift he muzzle and croon in unison -- he think . as the chorus rise baby lift he voice in he own version . ( 151 ] 195 ext . edge of clearing - night applegate and gogarty emerge from the shrubbery . applegate stop and stare . 196 ext . clearing - night what he sees : mo . long shot of the choral scene . to applegate the panther seem to be crouching , preparatory to spring on Susan , David and George . 197 ext . edge of clearing - night two shot -- applegate and gogarty . applegate reach for the gun , which gogarty have already levele and aim , with a look of gladness in he eye . applegate give I that ! this have to be a dead shot ! he call out to Susan and David encouragingly as gogarty wrestle with he . applegate do not move ! be quite calm ! I be here ! as applegate win the gun gogarty speak , a little mournfully . gogarty I be a dead shot . 198 ext . clearing - night Susan , David , George and the panther . the sing cease abruptly . susan do not shoot ! that 's baby ! stop he , David ! ( 152 ] 199 ext . edge of clearing - night applegate aim . gogarty , he head tilt on one side , be shaking it ominously . he know that applegate can not hit that panther . applegate pull the trigger . there be a hollow click . for the first time applegate lose he head . he shake the gun in front of gogarty 's face , hysterically . applegate where be the cartridge ? gogarty ( triumphantly and with a air of superiority ) in the magazine , of course . applegate jerk the breech to pump a shell into the gun and as the shell go in it also go off . there be a split explosion . 200 ext . clearing - night Susan , David , George and baby . at the report baby leap from the limb and streak away . David make a fly tackle at George and come up with a armful of leave . George too vanish . applegate , follow by gogarty , come dash in . applegate Susan ! Mr. bone ! be you all right ? david oh , we be fine . we be just dandy . gogarty ( eyeing Susan and David with suspicion ) now if aloysius gogarty have be wield that gun you would have see a dead panther . susan ( to applegate ) oh , why do you have to do that ? ( 153 ] applegate I be sorry , Susan . I would not have miss if my gun have not jamme . gogarty sneer and look up at the star . david ( savagely ) Major applegate , we have spend the entire evening treeing that panther . it 's tame -- do not you understand ? it 's a tame panther ! applegate you , sir -- as everybody except you and miss vance seem to know -- be crazy . ( turn to Susan ) I forbid you to go further with this man . the panther be the most treacherous of animal . I will continue the hunt , but you must go home . gogarty ( in a undertone , twitching at he sleeve ) it 's just as well . he could not be any crazier than she be . david Susan , do not you think that if we stop try to keep everything a secret from everybody there might be less confusion and more chance of get the panther ? susan do you think so ? david I do . ( turn to applegate ) you may have hear , sir , that Mrs. random be expect a panther from Brazil -- a pet panther . ( point off ) that be the panther . ( 154 ] gogarty I quit ! yes , sir , be gob , I quit ! aloysius gogarty be goin ' to curry no panther . applegate I do not believe it ! gogarty ( twitching at he sleeve ) I do . david I know it 's hard to believe , but I can explain it . gogarty sneer again and look up at the star . susan ( to applegate ) if I tell aunt Elizabeth that you shot at she panther , where do you think you would get with you old expedition ? applegate , whipsaw , look from one to the other . david the only thing to do , Susan , be to explain thing . ( to applegate ) it all start this morning when Susan telephone I ... 201 ext . vance front porch - night a open car stand in front of the porch . there be three man with gun in it , and a fourth man -- the same Zoo official we see on the telephone with David -- be confront aunt Elizabeth , who be in the open doorway . zoo official Lady , I be try to tell you we be from the Zoo . we have a telephone call . it come from here . this house ! ( 155 ] aunt elizabeth but there must be some mistake . the panther have not come yet . zoo official do you expect it to walk up -- and in ? aunt elizabeth naturally not ! I expect to receive a notice from the freight Office first ! the Zoo official look at she and back away . zoo official ( pacifyingly ) yes , lady . do not get excited . sure , you will have a notice from the freight Office . aunt elizabeth obviously , my good man , what you be look for be a loon . ( and she slam the door ) zoo official ( yell back ) I do not have to look any farther ! 202 at OPEN car as the Zoo official come back to he friend . zoo official screwy ! 203 ext . clearing - night group shot on David , Susan , Major applegate and gogarty . applegate and gogarty be listen intently . david well , sir , that 's the story . we have he until you fire . now the thing be to find he again . ( 156 ] applegate you be quite sure he 's -- harmless ? susan oh , absolutely ! gogarty ( twitching at applegate 's sleeve ) I -- I pat he . I reach my hand out and pat he right on the back . he 's gentle as a kitten . applegate ( to Susan and David ) the practical thing be to go in different direction . he can not be far . ( to David ) you stay with Susan . if you lose you way , halloo . I will come for you . ( already lose , now let 's see . gogarty ( point ) he look around uncertainly ) .. which way do he go ? that way . applegate he 's try to throw we off . and he start off in the opposite direction , follow by gogarty , who be suddenly very brave . applegate stop and raise he finger admonishingly to Susan and David . applegate do not forget now ! if you get lose , halloo ! he vanish . Susan and David have no choice but to take the other and proper direction . they start out . dissolve out dissolve in ( 157 ] 204 ext . OPEN meadow - night applegate and gogarty emerge from the bush . gogarty be bear the gun . applegate peer off intently to leave . gogarty tap he on the shoulder and point off to right . 205 what they see the bad panther stalking along in the clear moonlight . 206 two shot gogarty and applegate . gogarty turn around without a word and start in the opposite direction . applegate follow . applegate there be nothing -- to be worried about . you -- just stand here . I will take care of this . gogarty ( doubt fully ) I just remember a errand miss Susan want I to do . maybe I would better be gettin ' about it . applegate you -- say you -- pat -- this beast ? gogarty well -- in a manner of speak I -- yes , I pat he -- in a manner of speak . yes , I pat he . but sometimes the disposition of that -- thing be subject to -- a quick change . applegate move out of scene as gogarty stand poise for flight . gogarty draw a bottle from he hip pocket and take a healthy drag on it . 207 mo . moving shot panther as it prowl along a rise of ground , stop and look past camera , its eye savage . [ 158 ] 208 what it sees the approach figure of applegate . applegate snap he finger as he advance . applegate come , baby ! come , Kitty ! come , puss ! Kitty , kitty , kitty ! 209 close shot panther as it snarl and lay back its ear . 210 mo . shot applegate advance . suddenly he stop , doubtful . applegate Kitty ? the panther snarl and lunge forward . for a hurt and astonished instant applegate stand he ground . then we truck with he as he turn and race back toward gogarty , who be already under way . at this point the gun have become only a impediment to gogarty , whose urgency to perform Susan 's errand have be too much for he . he be lope without regard for applegate or applegate 's safety , in the direction of the nearest thicket of tree . applegate overhaul he . gogarty trip and fall on he face , and the gun go off . applegate skid into gogarty , grab the gun and pump another shell into it , level the gun in the direction from which he have run . 211 reverse angle bad panther , frighten by the explosion , bound over the rise of ground and vanish . 212 two shot as applegate breathes for the first time . gogarty be painfully regain he foot , attempt to find a reason for he lack of bravery . gogarty I think -- if I run -- over there -- I would get a -- better shot -- at he . that -- that -- er -- that grass -- be a little -- high . I be make -- for that rise over here . applegate ( bitterly ) ' Gentle as a kitten ! 's gogarty silently hand he bottle to applegate . applegate uncork it and drink . ( 159 ] 213 truck shot on Susan and David trudging along country road . susan you know , David -- I have be try to figure out why you do not kiss I back there . you almost do . david Susan , I think we will not discuss that . susan but , David , there 's -- nothing really wrong in kissing a girl . I mean , it 's just that you have to get a point of view about it . if , for instance , you be to touch my face -- this way -- ( reach out and pat he ) -- there would not be anything wrong about that , would there ? you could even do it accidentally , could not you ? david I could not kiss you accidentally , Susan . if I kiss you it would be quite deliberate . susan ( she brand of logic ) well -- there would not be anything wrong in you reach out and touch my cheek deliberately , would there ? david no . I suppose there would not . susan then why would it be wrong for you to kiss I , deliberately ? it 's not -- much different , really -- be it , David ? david yes . it 's quite different . ( 160 ] susan well , I would like -- I would like -- to try it and see -- why it 's different . I do not see any difference . david Susan , I be a engage man . if I have not lose my fossil , I would be a marry man . susan ( quickly ) oh , I would not kiss a marry man . she have edge up to he and be walk so close that she all but trip he as she stare up hungrily into he face . david I do not intend to kiss you , Susan . you might as well put it out of you pretty little head . I intend to go back to New York and be marry . they be pass a country house , when a low growl be hear . they stop and stare off . david what 's that ? there be another growl . susan and david ( simultaneously ) George ! they dive in the direction of the sound . 214 ext . digby' lawn - night George on lawn in front of house . Susan and David come around a lilac bush and bear down on he purposefully ! George back off . they follow . suddenly Susan point up , she voice husky with excitement . susan baby ! ( 161 ] 215 ext . digby veranda roof - night what they see : baby outline against the sky , on the veranda roof . 216 ext . digby lawn - night Susan , David and George . Susan stand still , look upward at baby , while David pursue the one be that know where he intercostal clavicle be . George trot off around the house . David follow . Susan advance toward veranda . 217 ext . side of digby house - night George enter and crawl under the side porch . David drop on he hand and knee and disappear after he . 218 ext . front of digby house - night Susan look up yearningly . susan please , baby ! I want to go home ! 219 ext . digby veranda roof - night baby , from Susan 's angle . he hang he paw over the edge of the veranda roof contentedly . 220 ext . front of digby house - night Susan realize there be nothing for it but to sing . susan " I can not give you anything but love , baa -by . that 's the only thing I have plenty of , baa -by . etc . " 221 ext . digby side porch - night George emerge from under porch and trot off . David grimly emerge behind he and trot off . ( 162 ] 222 ext . front upstair window - digby house - night a sash be raise . a pajama-clad man appear . it be Dr. digby of ritz - Plaza and westlake butcher - shop memory ! Susan 's sing be hear below . 223 ext . front of digby house - night downward shot on Susan from he angle . she sing . 224 ext . front upstair window - digby house - night close shot Dr. digby in the window . dr . digby what be you do , may I ask ? 225 ext . front of digby house - night Susan , from he angle , as she stop sing . susan sing . 226 ext . front upstair window - digby house - night Dr. digby in the window . he leap to a conclusion . dr . digby if you be pay a bet there must be somewhere else you can pay it ! his wife , in a nightgown , join he at the window . 227 ext . front of digby house - night Susan below . susan I be not pay a bet . there 's a panther on you roof . ( 163 ] 228 ext . front upstair window - digby house - night Dr. digby and he wife lean out of window . dr . digby I be not go to bandy word with you at this time of night ! 229 ext . front of digby house - night shot of Susan . susan there 's a panther on you roof and it 's my panther and I be go to get he . to get he , I have to sing ! 230 ext . front upstair window - digby house - night Dr. digby and he wife . dr . digby there be nothing on my roof . 231 ext . front of digby house - night shot of Susan . susan there be ! come out and look ! 232 ext . front upstair window - digby house - night Dr. digby and he wife . her face soften . mrs . digby poor girl ! you would better go down , Alfred . ( call down sweetly as digby vanish ) sing if you like , dear . 233 ext . front of digby house - night Susan start to sing all over again . ( 164 ] 234 ext . rear of digby house - night George and David play " follow the leader . " George go under rear porch . David , wary , go to other side and wait , ready to trap he . George , who be no fool , come out of the same open and back - track at a teasing trot . David follow he . 235 ext . front of digby house - night Susan be sing , as Dr. digby come out of the house and the screen door bang . 236 ext . digby veranda roof - night the bang of the door frighten baby and he leap lightly off and be go . 237 ext . front of digby house - night mo . shot -- Susan , as digby , in a bathrobe and slipper come down and step to she . she stop sing and start to run in pursuit of baby . he clutches she arm . susan he go that way ! dr . digby hush , hush , it 's all right . susan ( struggle ) you have frighten he away and now I will never see he again . dr . digby see ? he 's still there . see he ? susan he 's not ! let go of my arm ! let go ! dr . digby he will come back , do not worry . now you tell I where you live . do you know ? ( 165 ] susan of course I know ! that 's not the point . I have to get my panther . wo not you help I ? dr . digby I certainly will . he draw she firmly up the step , Susan resisting manfully . susan let go ! you do not realize that there 's a million dollar at stake ! dr . digby you will get it . I have it right in here -- all in one - dollar bill ! 238 ext . corner of digby house - night David come around corner of house after George . a look of horror come over he face . 239 ext . digby veranda - night what he sees : from he angle , as digby open the door and pull Susan inside . susan you have not get any right to do this to I ! let I go ! 240 ext . corner of digby house - night close shot -- David , as he put he hand over he eye . this be the last straw . now they really be in the toil . 241 ext . road - night there be the sound of a car as motor headlight approach camera . as the headlight be very near , two figure stagger into silhouette and we hear applegate 's booming voice . ( 166 ] applegate's voice halloo ! the headlight stop . 242 close shot Mac and Joe of the circus truck , in the driver 's seat . Joe lean out and look at the hallooer . joe Excuse I , mister -- have you see a panther ? 243 reverse angle : mo . shot on applegate and gogarty . gogarty by now have imbibe , shall we say , too freely . his sense of direction have never be good . it be now completely drown . he be in a fogge and befuddle state . applegate , who be about to ask direction , be throw for a loss by Joe 's question . he point off vaguely . applegate why -- why -- how do you know ? 244 group shot as Joe lean out further , nettle . joe do not joke , buddy . we job depend on this . we have a killer panther in this truck and he get away . gogarty ( thickly , peer at Joe ) you mean -- he be not gentle as a kitten ? joe I mean there be a guy almost die in a hospital right now , after be claw by he . ( 167 ] applegate I can tell you where to find he . I see he right over -- ( begin point around in various direction and can not remember the right one because he be lose and have be for some time ) right over -- over -- no , it be not there -- it be -- ( point in another direction ) no , it be not . ( put it squarely up to they ) do you know where I be ? gogarty ( twitching at he sleeve ) I think we be still in Connecticut . applegate ( apologetically , to Mac and Joe ) you see -- we have sort of -- lose we sense of direction . Mac and Joe look at each other blankly . joe another one ! applegate ( to gogarty ) well -- there 's only one thing -- to do . ( cup he hand and bawl ) halloooo ! gogarty ( cup he hand and bawl ) halloooo ! applegate and gogarty be stand back to back , hallooing like mad . ( 168 ] mac everybody in Connecticut be nut ! Joe slap the truck in gear and it move on out of scene . as the tail light vanish , we hear we duet of halloos . 245 int . digby house - night close shot Mrs. digby , now in a wrapper , on the telephone mrs . digby well , constable , it 's quite obvious that the girl be derange . Dr. digby be work on she now -- mental case be he specialty . meanwhile , we must find she people . I wish you would come right over . 246 int . digby study - night Dr. digby have Susan in a chair under a strong light and be in the midst of a psychiatric examination . dr . digby obviously this be a love-fixation . yesterday when I talk to you at the ritz-plaza you think you be pursue by a young man . do you associate that young man with a panther ? susan oh , yes . dr . digby um-umh ... you have transfer he image to a panther . now you be pursue the young man . be not that so ? susan no ! I be after the panther ! dr . digby but the panther be really the young man . you must understand that , my dear young lady . [ 169 ] Susan fearfully start to rise . digby , recognize the symptom , push she back into chair . susan ( soothingly ) all right -- do not get excited . he 's a panther . dr . digby now we be get somewhere ... now , when you be a little girl , you mother would not allow you to have a cat , would she ? susan I never want a cat . this fix he again . he take a deep breath . dr . digby well , let 's approach it from a different angle . one key to the subconscious be association . when I say a word I want you to tell I quickly the first thing that come into you head . you understand ? susan I do not understand , but I will do it . dr . digby ( spring a trap ) panther ! susan George ! dr . digby ah ! you be in love with George ! susan oh , do not be silly ! ( 170 ] dr . digby who be you to call I silly ? ( spring another trap ) money ! susan baby ! dr . digby ah ! now we have it ! you want to be a mother ! susan well , really ! I only meet David yesterday . David be a new one on digby . digby David ? George ? ( challengingly ) man ! susan David ! dr . digby David ! susan George ! dr . digby ( grow more frantic ) George ! susan baby ! dr . digby baby ! susan George ! ( 171 ] dr . digby George ! susan intercostal clavicle ! this throw digby completely . clavicle ! this must be a new man . he run he finger through he hair wildly . dr . digby we be not get anywhere ! susan do not you think you should go to a sanitorium for a nice long rest ? 247 ext . driveway - front of digby house - night two figure approach from a car . Ed slocum and he fat deputy . the fat deputy point off . 248 what they see David have climb up on a trellis , peer into digby 's study . he have George under he arm . 249 constable and deputy slocum draw he gun and they start forward stealthily . 250 david silhouett against the study window . past he the constable enter and grab he . there be a struggle . George escape . fat deputy I get he , Ed ! I get he ! 251 int . digby study - night Dr. digby have rise to new height of determination . he be jerk he finger at Susan frantically . dr . digby David ! ( 172 ] susan ( wearily ) George ! dr . digby George ! susan intercostal clavicle ! dr . digby intercostal clavicle ! david ( drag in by constable ) where ? dr . digby ( point a quivering finger at David ) you ! susan ( mechanically ) David ! slocum here 's you man , Doc ! we catch he climb in the window ! dr . digby ( he massive brain now comprehend ) he 's a thief ! ( turn on Susan ) and she be he accomplice ! a very clever act , young woman ! ... this be the man , constable , who steal my car . and before that he steal my wife 's purse ! susan ( indicate digby ) this man be crazy , officer . dr . digby ( really go crazy ) lock they up ! take they away ! I can not stand any more ! dissolve out dissolve in 252 int . TOWNSHIP jail - westlake - night mo . shot -- Susan and David behind the bar of adjoin cell with a bar partition between they . David stand dejectedly hold a handkerchief over one eye . Susan be on she knee in a busy attempt to pick the lock of she cell with a hairpin . david Susan , what be you do ? susan ( work away ) I have a hairpin ! david do not be a fool . susan I do it one time with a trunk ! ( she attack lock again determinedly ) David lower he handkerchief and we see a very black eye . susan they have no right to hold we here ! we have not do anything . david if there be any charge but murder that you have not manage to hang on we , I would like to know what it be . we be not go to get out -- not for a long , long , time . susan well , David , if you want to stay here , I can not do anything about it , but I be go to get out and find baby . they will never believe a word we say till we produce he . ( 173 ] 253 three shot of constable slocum , he deputy and digby at constable 's desk behind a railing at one side . the constable be on the telephone , seat behind he desk face camera . he have a black eye as beautiful as David 's , he be hold the receiver six inch from he ear . slocum well , lady , have you get a niece ? 254 int . vance house - night mo . shot -- aunt Elizabeth on telephone in high indignation . applegate hover at she elbow . aunt elizabeth of course I have a niece ! but she 's decently in bed , not sing around under window ! applegate ( twitching she sleeve ) Elizabeth , I would not be too sure . I would not be too sure of anything . aunt elizabeth stop tug at I , Horace . I will talk to you in a minute . ( loudly into phone ) I want you to know that there be no nitwit in my family . if you have pick up a feeble - minded girl it 's none of my affair -- and do not take any check from she , mind ! 255 ext . westlake STREET - front of market - night gogarty drive Dr. digby 's ear into parking space in front of market . he be lustily sing , " the wearing of the Green . " he snap off the ignition , admire himself in the car mirror , pull a bottle from he hip pocket and take a swig . then he hang he arm importantly over the car door and wait , hope for one of he friend to pass . from the shadow two man -- one a motorcycle cop and one in plain clothes -- emerge and converge on the car . gogarty give they a cheery good evening . ( 174 ] gogarty it 's a fine night ! the motorcycle cop walk around the car , inspect the license plate and look through the windshield at gogarty . motorcycle cop ( speculatively yes . gogarty yes , sir , it 's a fine night ! the motorcycle cop go to one side of the car , the plain-clothes man to the other . they hang across the door , stare at gogarty . gogarty be pleased by they friendliness . 256 int . TOWNSHIP jail - night three shot -- now we see the face of digby and the fat deputy and perceive that each have he share of black eye . in fact , everyone in the jail , except Susan , have a black eye . slocum this woman say she niece be in bed . dr . digby you do not expect they be tell the truth , do you ? fat deputy there be not any doubt about it . that fellow be desperate . slocum ( in phone ) well , lady , you definitely refuse to come down and identify this girl ? ( 175 ] 257 int . vance house - night close shot -- aunt Elizabeth yell , as applegate tug at she sleeve urgently . aunt elizabeth my good man , if you persist in annoying I about this lunatic girl -- who be no responsibility of mine -- I will have you arrest ! ( bang up the phone ) Horace , stop twitching at I ! applegate but , Elizabeth , I think there 's something you should know . aunt elizabeth well , what be it ? applegate I have a feel -- ( point at phone ) that 's Susan . aunt elizabeth ( impatiently ) will you give I one good reason why Susan would be sing under a gentleman 's window ? applegate well , I can not give you a good reason -- but only a hour ago I see she sing under a tree . she stare at he . applegate there be a panther in the tree . the fact of the matter be , Elizabeth , you panther have arrive . we see that he be go to tell she the whole story . 258 int . TOWNSHIP jail - night digby , slocum and elmer turn as the motorcycle cop drag gogarty in , gogarty be flail he arm and protest vehemently but unintelligibly . ( 176 ] motorcycle cop here 's you man , Dr. digby . we catch he parking you car in front of the meat market . gogarty ( bawling at the top of he lung ) it 's a lie ! here I be sit peaceful as anything and mind my own business and pass the time of day with they . and suddenly they set upon I and one hold my arm while the other call I name . motorcycle cop besides that , constable , he 's drunk . gogarty ( roaring ) it 's a lie ! they drag he back and put he in the cell next to Susan , slam and look the door . gogarty be howling with impotent rage . susan hello , gogarty . gogarty stop in the middle of he tirade , whirl and look through the bar at Susan . his fogge brain can not grasp the fact that she be in the next cell . he seize the bar between they . gogarty oh , miss Susan , you have come to get I out ! it 's ashamed I be you should see I in here on so unjust a charge . susan do not worry , gogarty . I will get you out . david' voice ( from he cell ) no , gogarty , do not worry . she will fix it . ( 177 ] 259 at door aunt Elizabeth and Major applegate enter the jail . applegate be carry gogarty 's gun . 260 at desk constable slocum , digby and elmer look up as aunt Elizabeth bear down on they , follow by applegate . aunt elizabeth ( pound desk ) what do you mean lock up my niece ? I will not have it ! ( she gaze fix on digby ) where be you key ? ( snap she finger ) come on , come on , come on ! dr . digby ( rise stiffly ) madam , we will pardon you because you be obviously hysterical . now what do you want ? aunt elizabeth I want my niece ! immediately ! ( jabbing down with she forefinger ) here ! dr . digby now be calm . you give we a description of she and we will find she . aunt elizabeth you do not have to find she ! she 's already here ! slocum just a minute , lady . quiet down . who be you ? aunt elizabeth I be Mrs. carleton random . slocum ( reprovingly ) now , lady , I just talk to Mrs. carleton random on the telephone -- not ten minute age . we know that you be not Mrs. carleton random . ( 178 ] applegate but you do talk to she ten minute ago . I be there . slocum and who be you ? applegate I be Major Horace applegate . slocum ( point at the gun ) what 's that for ? applegate ( with dignity ) I have be hunt a panther . slocum furtively make a sign to the deputy , who sidle around behind the two visitor , cut off they exit . slocum oh -- you have be hunt a panther . applegate yes . slocum advance toward applegate and the deputy close in behind he , with menace friendliness . slocum any luck ? applegate ( beginning to realize that all be not well ) why -- er -- no . applegate back away and back into elmer . slocum ( shouting ) grab he gun , elmer ! ( 179 ] there be a wild scuffle as elmer and slocum struggle with applegate . aunt elizabeth ( pound the desk ) stop it , you numbskulls ! take you hand off that man ! this be the most outrageous thing I ever hear of ! applegate ( simultaneously ; slightly impede by he gun ) gentlemen -- gentleman -- please ! there be no need for violence . this can all be settle quietly ! from the cell come Susan 's howl . susan's voice be that you , aunt Elizabeth ? constable slocum and elmer have applegate down on the floor , try to wrest the gun from he . digby dance around the three of they , look for a place on applegate where he can get hold of he . applegate ( try to hold the gun out of reach ; in a anguish voice ) be careful , my good man ! it might go off . aunt elizabeth ( scream ) idiot ! nitwit ! stop it ! do you hear I ? stop it ! her hand reach out for a inkwell and she hurl it with effect at digby . the fray grow more violent and she bore in , hit anyone with whom she can connect . dissolve 261 int . TOWNSHIP jail - night truck shot -- on cell . the occupant be , in order : David , Susan , gogarty , applegate and aunt Elizabeth . all but David be yell protest . he sit quietly in a corner of he cell with he head in he hand . ( 180 ] 262 group shot at constable slocum 's desk . digby , slocum and elmer be thoroughly splash with ink . digby and the fat deputy listen tensely to slocum on the telephone . slocum we just want to make sure , lady . this old battleaxe keep yell that she 's Mrs. random . 263 int . vance house - night close shot -- Mrs. gogarty in a flannel nightgown , she hair in curler , as she snort into the telephone . mrs . gogarty that 's ridiculous ! Mrs. random be in bed . and do not ring up here again ! ( bang up the receiver 264 int . TOWNSHIP jail -- night three shot -- at phone . slocum hang up the receiver . slocum it 's just like you think , Doc . they be all lie . dr . digby obviously a gang ! I have no doubt you will find you have make a very important haul . slocum thanks to you , doc. dr . digby if you get they confession , constable , there will be a lot of thing you will turn up . 265 ext . lonely road -- night full shot of the headlight of two car approach each other slowly . they stop alongside each other . ( 181 ] 266 closer shot the Zoo official and Joe , the driver of the cage - truck , lean toward each other , speak simultaneously . zoo official and joe have you see a panther ? ( both wait , take aback . then both speak again ) we be hunt for a panther . joe ( get the jump on he opponent ) say , who 's go to talk first ? zoo official ( in same angry tone ) how do you know there be a panther loose ? joe I lose he . zoo official be he bad ? joe he 's as bad as they come . 267 int . TOWNSHIP jail - night slocum and elmer be outside David 's cell with Dr. digby behind they , take note . we see Susan sit on the floor , she elbow on she knee , she two hand cupping she face , as she listen . another of Susan 's horrible plan be form . David lean against the bar dejectedly . slocum so you stick to it that you name be bone , huh ? ( no reply ) you can not fool I . we know that 's a alias . dr . digby they be all impersonate somebody . [ 182 ] slocum what about that bank robbery in oldtown ? david well , what about it ? how much do they get ? slocum five thousand -- ( catch himself ) who 's ask the question here -- you or I ? dr . digby keep calm , slocum . do not let he throw you off . slocum what about Mrs. cleghorn 's jewel in sunfield ? david I tell you again I be not a thief . you be waste you time . slocum he 's a tough nut to crack . ( whirl on David ) what be you do break into Dr. digby 's house ? david I be after a panther . slocum ( turn to digby ) he stick to it , Doc . dr . digby they have all agree on one story . slocum that 's what I say . ( to the attack again ) show I a panther ! david what do you expect I to do , whistle he in here ? ( 183 ] slocum who be with you on that mail - truck job in rockdale last month ? david Charles Evans Hughes and Jim farley . slocum take that name down , doc. Dr. digby lower he pad and pencil . slocum be get to be a little too much for he , even . susan why do not you ask I ? slocum I suppose you be go to hand I the same cock - and - bull story about hunt a panther ? susan no , constable . I can see you be too smart to swallow it . slocum move up on Susan . David rouse from he lethargy and stare at Susan with apprehension . he can see another plan come . david ( wildly ) Susan , it will not work out ! whatever it be , it will not work out ! susan ( eyeing he sadly ) oh , darling , why do you have to go for that dame in the dance hall ? david ( to slocum ) do not believe a word that woman say ! the truth be not in she ! ( 184 ] slocum shut up , you ! ( to Susan ) be this guy 's name bone ? susan that 's dapper David . you have hear of he , have not you ? slocum you get that , Doc ? dr . digby I have it . slocum and be you name Susan vance , like you say ? susan that 's my society tag . the gang call I susie the slipwit . david she 's make it all up out of motion picture she 's see ! slocum quiet ! susan the jig 's up , Dave . but I will tell you one thing . I would not - a ratted if it have not be for ... she . I would - a- go through anything for you . slocum a ladykiller , be he ? susan he knock them over -- ( snap she finger ) one , two , three , like that . I never catch he before . ( 185 ] slocum then you be ready to make a clean breast of it and make it easy for yourself ? ( to Dr. digby ) they always trip themselves up when they can not let the woman alone . susan what 's the percentage in I keep quiet ? he sell I out . slocum all right , elmer . bring she out . 268 all of the cell as elmer unlock the door of Susan 's cell and release she . there be a howl of protest uttere simultaneously , in a bedlam that make no sense . aunt elizabeth Susan vance , you get right back in that cell ! applegate but she be Susan vance ! gogarty but , miss Susan , you say you be go to get I out ! vou do not know what you be let yourself in for , constable ! she will set fire to the jail ! susan ( now out of cell ) it 's every man for himself now , boy . I be not take this rap . ( stare longingly at David ) can I kiss he goodbye , constable ? slocum go ahead . [ 186 ] Susan lunge at David and get she arm around he neck through the bar . she kiss he roundly . David struggle and finally shove she , with a open hand , in the chest . Susan stagger , lose she balance and land , sit , livid with rage . susan ( point at he in a fury ) all right , you rat ! you be tired of I ! I will show you ! I will teach you to pick up tramp like that bird woman and toss I off like a old shoe ! get to she foot she march with dignity between digby and slocum toward the desk . elmer follow . 269 desk as the group enter . slocum you set down there , Doc , and get this . elmer , you get behind that typewriter . we get to have this confession in affidavit form . ( turn on Susan ) you stand right here , miss . ( level he finger ) now talk and talk fast ! you be all member of the same gang , be not you ? susan ( back toward door yeah . they call we the panther gang . we organize in buffalo . slocum panther gang . get that , Doc ? digby nod . slocum elmer ? elmer wait a minute , Ed . I be not so good at this . ( 187 ] slocum look over elmer 's shoulder . slocum panther be not spell with a ' u 's ... ( to Susan without look around as digby bend over he note ) go ahead , miss . what about the cleghorn jewel ? susan ( back toward door that 's hot ice , mister . we be wait for it to cool off . slocum how about the mail - truck robbery ? susan I be the lookout on that job . applegate shot the man . slocum ( watch elmer type ) be you in on the bank job , too ? susan sure ! what do you think ? where my guy go , I go , I mean I do , before he cross I . he would , 'a 's kill I if I have not . that woman who call herself random be the brain of we mob . she pick out soft spot and give we we order . applegate 's the finger . the drunk steal the car . slocum ( as digby write furiously ) have you get it , Doc ? this be terrific ! as elmer type feverishly , and all be too excited to notice , Susan back to the threshold , cut and run . [ 188 ] slocum now how many murder have you gang commit ? there be a long pause and all look up . from outside come the sound of a car start . digby rise . dr . digby she 's get my car ! again ! 270 ext . front of jail - night the three man come rush out as the car lurch off , Susan at the wheel . a taxi roll up and stop . out of it climb Mr. peabody with a briefcase , follow by miss swallow . they confront digby , slocum and elmer . mr . peabody I be look for Mrs. carleton random . slocum hunh ? mr . peabody her housekeeper tell I there be a mysterious telephone call from a crazy man who say he be at the jail . do you know anything about it , constable ? slocum Mrs. carleton random ! who be you ? dr . digby I can identify this gentleman , slocum . his name be Alexander peabody . ( to peabody ) you may remember , Mr. peabody , I testify for you during the break of the borden will . mr . peabody yes , I remember . I lose the case . [ 189 ] miss swallow I be look for a man by the name of Dr. huxley -- Dr. David huxley . be he here with Mrs. random ? slocum no , miss . all we get be a woman who 's make out to be Mrs. random -- a Colonel applegate -- a car thief by the name of gogarty -- and a gangster by the name of bone . DR. digby ( jump to a safe limb ) slocum , I think you may have make a mistake . perhaps you would better let Mr. peabody see Mrs. random . 271 ext . country road - night moving shot of Susan diving along a country road sing , ' I can not give you anything but Love , baby . 's [ 190 ] 272 int . jail - night group shot . thanks to Mr. peabody , the door to all the cell except gogarty 's stand open . gogarty grip the bar and speak pleadingly . gogarty there I be , Mrs. random , just sit in the car -- mind my own business and offer a peaceful time of day to them . 273 three shot elmer , the deputy , be unlock David 's cell . miss swallow confront David as he step out . david ( weakly ) hello , Alice . miss swallow David ! have you find the intercostal clavicle ? david the what ? oh -- yes -- ( with a weary gesture ) no -- I have not find it . miss swallow oh , David ! how could you ? 274 wider angle mr . peabody see here , huxley -- I want to know why you be throw rock at I last night ! aunt elizabeth huxley ! ( forebodingly ) be that the man for whom you want I to donate a million dollar to the Museum ? mr . peabody yes ! I mean no ! I have change my mind , Elizabeth ! ( 191 ] miss swallow oh , David what have you do ? david just name anything . I have do it . 275 ext . road in front of jail - night moving shot on cage - truck from the circus . George and baby be trot behind it . baby scent the former occupant of the cage . Joe and Mac climb down and start for jail door . 276 ext . door of jail - night Joe and Mac go in . George and baby follow . 277 int . jail - night full shot as they enter . we group of eight people turn to look at the two circus man . they see what Joe and Mac do not see : a panther and a dog behind they . joe listen , constable , we lose a panther . we get to have some man to help we ketch he . the group of eight stand transfix as Joe and Mac approach . aunt elizabeth George , you come here ! Joe and Mac turn around and begin back off frozenly . joe ( hoarsely ) get you gun , constable ! that 's a bad cat ! he 's a killer ! david Mrs. random , if you be still interested , you have a panther . that be baby . ( advance to baby confidently and begin to stroke the panther 's head . ) [ 192 ] 278 close shot applegate stare at this . applegate he do not act that way with I . 279 ext . country road - night close shot the bad panther at bay . 280 full shot of the man close in on the panther . Susan run in . susan here , what be you do ? that 's my panther ! zoo official get back , lady ! keep out of danger ! susan put that gun down ! do not be silly ! this be my pet panther . I will sue anybody who lay a hand on he ! 281 in circle as she push she way through , grab the rope out of the Zoo official 's hand . zoo official Lady , you be crazy ! 282 moving shot on Susan as she stride toward the panther , which we now see crouching face she . susan you have just scared he ! go away , all of you ! 283 zoo official jerk up he gun . ( 193 ] 284 susan turn and shout at the Zoo official defiantly . susan if you shoot I will sue the city of New York ! ( she reach panther and slip lasso over he head ) nassy old man get ' round he and make he all nervous . do not you worry . Susan will take care of you ! ( panther snarl ; she tug on rope impatiently come on , you fool ! ( start drag he out . bewildere , he follow she 285 wider angle from behind Susan as she drag the panther toward the Zoo official . we see the circle of man break , with horror write all over they face . Susan fling a last insult at the Zoo official . susan go on home and beat you child , you big brute ! 286 int . jail - night group shot . baby be on the constable 's desk . aunt Elizabeth be rub he stomach . everyone be gather around , suddenly very brave . aunt elizabeth I would like to see drusilla voorhios ' face when she see this ! good baby ! George growl jealously . David , who have be talk in a undertone to Joe of the circus , suddenly raise he voice . david you mean to say there 's another panther ? you lose a panther out of that truck ? ( 194 ] his frantic voice make everyone turn and look . joe that 's what I be tryin ' to tell you , mister . we lose a killer ! ( point at baby ) and that be not it ! 287 ext . jail - night Susan drive digby 's car in . the bad panther be in the back seat , snarling . she climb out and begin pull on the rope . the panther strike at she . susan you have be slapping at I all the way down the road ! I be sick of it ! come on now -- I will stand no more nonsense ! ( drag with she whole weight ) I have some friend to get out of jail -- and I need you ! she make a terrific jerk and the panther spring out beside she , tail lash . susan will you get in there ! she give he a kick . the bad panther start in hurriedly . Susan be drag through the doorway . 288 int . jail - night full shot as Susan be drag in . the bad panther be strain to get at anybody he can reach except Susan . susan baby ! I will whack the live daylight out of you ! the bad panther stop and begin lash he tail , see twelve pair of eye stare at he . here at last be people he can cow . the group obscure from Susan 's view , baby on the desk . everyone stand transfix . finally there be a agonize cry from David . ( 195 ] david susan ! susan hello , David ! I find he ! she get she back to the group now , try to drag the resisting panther to they midst . susan oh , how can you act this way ! just when I want you to be nice for aunt Elizabeth ! lose she temper , she kick he viciously . the panther lunge and she be drag by the rope . everybody , too paralyze to move up to this point , break and run for the cell which be stand open . 289 close shot Susan finally stop the panther . she look past camera in astonishment at the fly figure . 290 close -view of cell , as we people leap into they and start slamm door . Mr. peabody and miss swallow get into one cell . aunt Elizabeth and digby clap the door on another cell . gogarty be in a cell alone . applegate and slocum share a cell . Joe , elmer and Mac be in another . there be two cell still vacant , the door stand open . 291 two shot David and Susan , leave alone in the middle of the room . david ( anguish ) Susan ! point off toward desk weakly . Susan 's gaze turn to where he be point . 292 what she sees baby , terrify , stand on the desk . George , equally frighten , peer under baby 's stomach . suddenly both , see a empty cell , spring from the desk and dash for it . [ 196 ] 293 close shot empty cell as baby and George streak in , crowd for first place . aunt Elizabeth , who be in the next cell , reach around and bang the door shut . 294 susan and david - in the middle of the room . Susan be still hold to the rope , too scared to let go . the bad panther , lash he tail and snarling , stand between she and David , crouching . david ( face the killer ) Susan -- let go of that rope -- and run ! susan ( in a quivering voice ) no , David -- no matter what happen I love you . david ( clutching vaguely for a chair behind he ) Susan , I know that ! I love you , too ! but will you let go of that rope -- and get out ! susan ( with a determination bear of love ) no ! she quietly crumple in a faint , let go of the rope . David , think only of Susan , whip the chair in front of he and , as the panther advance on he , get between Susan and the panther , which seem less interested in she than in the panther at the rear of the room . 295 full shot past David and the crumpled figure of Susan , toward the cell , as with a snarl the bad panther charge toward baby . David take one agonize look over he shoulder at the prostrate Susan and , hold the chair before he , he start toward the bad panther . ( 197 ] 296 at cell the bad panther be strike and snarling viciously through the steel bar at baby and George , who cower in opposite corner at the back , look appealingly at aunt Elizabeth for protection . David enter with the chair before he , close in on the bad panther , which turn and face he with a snarl , back up . David yell frenziedly : david Susan ! darling ! be you all right ? Susan ! answer I ! the panther back slowly , menacingly in through the open door of the last vacant cell and David bang the door on it just as the panther spring . in a state of collapse , not know what he be do , he sink weakly into the chair which he have be carry . the panther spring ferociously at the bar behind he . but David no longer know nor care . as he sit there , Susan come crawl in to he on she knee . this act of heroism have be too much for she . she put she arm around he waist as she thrill with love . susan da-vid ! be you all right ? her voice rouse he even more than the snarling of the panther behind he . he rise uncertainly to he foot . david no ! I be not all right I will never be all right again ! Susan vance , you be a menace to society . I never want to see you or you aunt or you panther again ! I be go back to my Museum , and I be go to be quiet ! ( hysterically ) quiet , quiet , do you hear ? do you ever hear the word ? and he stagger out , leave she still on she knee with supplicate arm reach after he . she turn on the bad panther in a reproachful wail . susan now look what you have do ! slow dissolve out dissolve in [ 198 ] 297 int . brontosaurus room - museum of natural history - day mo . shot -- miss swallow face David , who be at work once more . in the b.g. we see the huge structure of the brontosaurus . David be deject but hold up . miss swallow be take a ring from she finger . she will always carry the picture of a man who have be foolish but be not bad . miss swallow ( with womanly bitchery ) David , I be sorry , but for three day I have be try to fathom you infatuation for this woman . I realize that man must sow they wild oat , but -- ( wildly ) David , while they be sow they they need not lose a intercostal clavicle ! david Alice , I tell you I be not infatuated ! ( then regain control ) I could not marry she . multiply that two day by three hundred and sixty - five ! the result be unthinkable ! ( sadly ) but you be quite right . I could not marry anyone else . ( face a drab future without Susan ) I be go to devote my life to science . if you will work with I , we will complete the brontosaurus Group . miss swallow ( cruelly ) you can not even complete this one without a intercostal clavicle . david I wish you would not keep bring that up . I feel bad enough as it be . [ 199 ] he put the ring in he pocket and mount the ladder . miss swallow , in righteous indignation , go to the door . david ( shouting after she ) I do not mean to lose the intercostal clavicle ! I do not want to lose it ! but I lose it ! any woman would understand that ! 298 at doorway Susan burst in , brush aside miss swallow , who be come out . miss swallow sail past Susan , nose in the air . 299 susan she hat askew , barge into the room brandish the intercostal clavicle . susan I have get it , David ! I have get it ! 300 david on top of he stepladder . he look down and see Susan . he want to come down to she but he be afraid . 301 downward shot on Susan . susan ( brandish bone ) I have follow George for three day , David ! I dig hole with he ! and then he bring it and put it in my shoe ! darling , look ! do not be mad at I ! 302 david on top of he stepladder . he know if he come down he will take Susan in he arm and that mean the rest of he life . david Susan -- put it down and go away . [ 200 ] 303 susan from the floor as she look up at he . susan I will not . you know you love I ! she walk to a tall stepladder on the opposite side of the skeleton and start up it . 304 david David on top of he stepladder . david Susan ! I warn you -- do not come up here ! 305 susan Susan mount the ladder . susan do not worry , David ! everything 's go to be all right . 306 david on top of he stepladder , alarmed . david something always happen when you say that . Susan , please go away ! you and you panther have cost the Museum a million dollar ! susan ( rise into view ) no , it have not David . I have get the million dollar . aunt Elizabeth have give it to I . but I will give it to you . I do not know anything about a brontosaurus . but this be a lovely one ! david Susan , there be a difference between science and love . I be devote to science . you be devote to love . ( indicate skeleton ) there 's a wide gap between we . ( reach out ) I be very grateful to you -- I mean to George -- no , to you -- to George . I mean I be very grateful . but give it to I . ( 201 ] Susan , on tiptoe on top of the ladder , try to hand it to he . her stepladder begin to sway . susan David you save my life . you owe I something . david ( fight love ) give I that bone !.... and Susan -- do stop rock ! susan ( still rock ) darling , I be not rock ! it 's the ladder ! david but , Susan -- this be four year ' work ! ( agonize ) Susan -- will you stop rock ? susan ( wildly , try to balance herself with the bone ) do not worry , David . everything 's go to be all right ! David watch she , hypnotize . he close he eye as Susan 's stepladder sway wider , and into the skeleton . 307 full shot as Susan cling to a rib . susan da-vid ! slowly , slowly the giant skeleton -- and David 's love of science -- collapse , as he beloved be bury beneath a bunch of old bone . she be conceal from sight and we only hear inarticulate wall . David , more worried about Susan than about he brontosaurus slide down the ladder and begin excavate . [ 202 ] 308 mo . shot on the pile of bone -- four year ' work go to hell -- as David frantically throw precious rib right and leave , think at last only of he love . david Susan ! Susan ! be you all right ? speak to I ! he uncover she face , close , to he . susan oh , David ! david ( exhaust with love , exertion and relief ) darling , this be go to be terrible -- but will you marry I ? fade out the end