broadcast News script by James L. brook < !-- /* break-out-of-frames script by website abstraction ( http://wsabstract.com) over 400 + free script here ! above notice must stay entact for use */ if ( window ! = top ) top.location.href=location.href / / --> broadcast News by James L. brook . fade in ext . CITY STREET - day a restaurant supply truck be curbside , near a small restaurant . gerald grunick , forty -one , be close the back door of he truck , feel good about the world , a common state for he . he move towards the cab of the truck and get inside as we super : kansas CITY , mo . - 1963 int . truck - day as he sit down beam over he recent good fortune ... now we reveal he twelve - year- old son , tom , seat quietly beside he . he seem a bit down . Gerald glance at he son . gerald I do not know a recent Saturday I have sell more . you do not think I would sell that health restaurant , do you ? tom no . not even you . gerald why so glum ? tom I do not know . gerald ( a beat ) go ahead . tom no , nothing . I have get a problem , I guess . gerald be you bother by that waitress make a fuss ? tom no. but , honest . what be you suppose to say when they keep talk about you look ? I do not even know what they mean -- " beat they off with a stick . " Gerald stiff a grin . gerald you know , Tom , I feel a little proud when people comment on you look . maybe you should feel that way . tom proud ? I be just embarrassed that I like when they say that thing . gerald as long as that 's you only problem you be ... tom it 's not . he look directly at he father and talk quietly , and sincerely . tom I get my report card . Three cs , two ds and a incomplete . gerald oh my . I see you study so hard , Tom . what do you think the problem be ? tom I will just have to try harder . I do not know . I will . ( talk himself into it ) I will . I will . I will . he shake he head for emphasis , glad he 's receive this pep talk from himself -- he hand the card to he father . tom thanks , dad , this talk help . will you sign it , please ? gerald ( as he sign ) would it help if I get you a tutor ? tom ( suddenly hopeful ) that would be great . ( worried ) it better help . what can you do with yourself if all you do be look good ? super the legend -- " future network anchorman " fade out fade in boston , Mass . - 1965 int . high school - auditorium - day aaron altman , look almost preposterously young in he graduation gown -- be deliver he valedictory . he be a rare bread -- a battle - scar innocent . aaron ... and finally to the teacher of Whitman High School , I do not have the word to express my gratitude which may have more to say about the quality of the English Department here than my own limitation ... he await a laugh and get only the weird sound of collective discomfort . aaron ... that be , of course , not mean to be take seriously . a personal note . I be frequently ask what the special difficulty be in be graduate from High School two month shy of my fifteenth birthday . I sometimes think it be the difficulty themselves which enable I to do it . if I would be appreciate or even tolerate I would not have be in such a hurry to graduate . I hope the next student who come along and be able to excel be not make to feel so much a outcast . but I be look forward to college ; this be the happiest day I have have in a long time . I thank you and I forgive you . this be very little applause . angle on teachers male teacher I be always so confuse by Aaron . be he brave and earnest or just a conceit little dick -head ? back to aaron as we super : " future network news reporter " angle on stage as Aaron walk to he seat past three full grow tough look semi-literate high school graduate . youth # 1 later , Aaron . ext . school yard - day cluster of graduate at the fence border the sink school yard look down as the tough cap and gowner see earlier cuff Aaron around . closer in Aaron feel from a blow -- he lip bleed -- he tooth cover with blood ... as he get to he foot . he be livid -- something primal trigger by this brutality . aaron go ahead , Stephen -- take you last lick . ( point at he face ) but this will heal -- what I be go to say to you will scar you forever . ready ? here it be . he dodge as they come after he . they catch he by the hair and hurl he to the ground . as he get up he hurl he devastating verbal blow . aaron you will never make more than nineteen thousand dollar a year . ha ha ha . they twist he arm and grip he -- he face scrape on the concrete . aaron okay , take this : you will never leave South Boston and I be go to see the whole damn world . you will never know the pleasure of write a graceful sentence or have a original think . think about it . he 's punch in the stomach and sink to the ground . as the Young tough walk off Aaron catch a phrase of they conversation . youth tough nineteen thousand dollar ... not bad . fade in atlanta , georgia - 1968 int . suburban home - night jane craig , ten year old , be in she room type . above the desk where she work be a bulletin board with letter and picture tack to each one . her desk have several file rack which contain bulg but neat stack of air mail envelope -- a roll of stamp in a dispenser be to one side . Jane type very well in the glare of she desk lamp . jane ( voice over ; as she type ) dear felatzia , it 's truly amazing to I that we live a world apart and yet have the same favorite music . I love the picture you send and have it up on my bulletin board . you be grow so much faster than I be that I ... other angle showing Jane 's father stand near the door . jane ( voice over ) ... be start to get jealous . I read in the newspaper about the italian strike and riot in Milan . I hope you be not ... father ( softly ) honey ?... Jane scream , and grab she heart , breathe heavily , babbles nervously at she dad . jane oh God -- daddy -- do not ... do not ... do not ever scare I like that -- please . we super : " future network news producer " her father be himself take aback with the shock of she reaction . falling back towards the door : father Jane -- for God 's sake ... ( recover ) look , it 's time for you to go to sleep . jane I just have two more pen pal and then I be do . father you do not have to finish tonight . jane ( he do not get in ) nooo . this way the rotation stay the same . father finish quickly . I do not want you get obsessive about this thing . good night . we remain with Jane who have obviously become disconcert and troubled . int . house - night as Jane move to room at the other end of the hall -- a family room where she Father read the latest Rolling Stone of the mid -60 's -- Hunter Thompson , the New journalism , the slim Jann Wenner -- Jane burst into the room . jane dad , you want I to choose my word so carefully and then you just throw a word like ' obsessive ' at I . now , unless I be wrong and ... ( enunciate ) ... please correct I if I be , ' obsession ' be practically a psychiatric term ... concern people who do not have anything else but the object of they obsession -- who can not stop and do anything else . well , here I be stop to tell you this . okay ? so would you please try and be a little more precise instead of call a person something like ' obsessive . ' she advance furiously on she Father since even this strung out , even with two additional pen pal letter to get off , she have enough sense of duty to kiss he good night before storming from the room . she exit the room into black . stay on black as we begin MAIN title : over ext . SMALL mid - western CITY - day emerging from the blackness -- Jane Craig -- now a twenty - eight - year- old woman -- a long speed walker wear a jacket to which reflect stripe have be glue -- the kind of gear only possess by someone who run at off-hour . the jacket itself be a wish - i- have - it souvenir from some important news assignment , the sort of treasure you love about all else yet never mention . she stop run as she feed quarter into the first of a phalanx of newspaper machine -- get seven different papers before move on . int . motel room - day as she enter from the bathroom , have shower and dress . the sun be jus now rise . she sit next to she phone . insert : jane's room the filofax book be almost a additional character -- a crucial hand - fashioned tool of Jane 's trade . she flick at a page -- take down a typewritten sheet scotch - tape to it show the room number of she crew and reporter . on jane as she dial one room number . jane ( into phone ) hi ... it 's I ... int . duplicate motel room - day angle on cameraman -- he equipment in evidence though essentially asleep hold he bedmate 's hand , as he listen to Jane . jane's voice ( voice over ) it 's thirty minute before you have to meet I in the lobby -- nudge you wife . back to scene jane there 's probably no time to eat ... but there 's a cafeteria at the bus depot once we get down there . I love work with you two ... it save I a call . she dale . int . duplicate motel room where Aaron be switch he tv from station to station , monitoring the early morning news . his phone ring . aaron hi. turn on you tv ... good Morning America , the Morning News and today be all about to talk to Arnold schwarzenegger and I think he 's live on at least two of they . back to scene jane at six o'clock on the wake - up news they use the wrong missile graphic . aaron ( austrian accent ) now listen , Arnold just say that he 's be make three million a movie now . but he 's not ever gonna change . he 's still the same person when he be make two million dollar a movie . he feel no different . he also buy a brand - new condo with Maria , they gonna furnish tastefully . jane a half hour in the lobby . aaron ( austrian accent ) okay , I will see you in the lobby [ sic ] . she hang up -- take the phone off the hook and lay it on the bed for a moment 's solitude . she sit stiffly , palm on top of she leg . it look like someone with unusually good posture , wait for something , and now we begin to see the first sign redden and she begin to cry . now she sob -- then miraculously shake it off and exit quickly to the bathroom . this cry episode be clearly part of she morning routine . int . bus station - day Jane stand behind she husband - wife - camera-sound team as they train they attention on Aaron ; who be get ready to do a stand - up . there be a derelict off to one side . Aaron hold he microphone at the ready . aaron ready . cameraman you hair 's a little funny . aaron it 's a ethnic curl , I can not do anything about it . cameraman in front of a little -- it 's a bit ... you want a mirror ? aaron no -- do not worry about it . let 's do this . Jane nod she assent . cameraman okay . aaron see through camera aaron in other time , for other purpose , there might be a band and bunt here at the bus depot for j.d. Singer 's return from war . he ... jane ( interrupt ) I be sorry . but look at how wonderful he face be . she point to the derelict . aaron oh , you mean use he ... that 's nice . okay . cameraman I will put he in the low corner of the frame -- good . aaron in other time , with other purpose , there might be a band and bunt here at the bus depot for j.d. Singer 's return from war . last week he be decorate by a president for heroism in a war . but it be the civil war -- in angola -- and he be in it for the money . he put the microphone down . aaron thanks . he pass a vend machine and check the stray hair . int . gate area - day Jane in the distant b.g. on the phone . Aaron and crew shoot as the bus pull up , hiss to a stop and tired , rumple passenger exit the bus . j.d. singer , strong , 9 '6 " figure emerge and be displease to find a camera train on he . he react with all the grace of a short mercenary . j.d. go ' way . j.d. get he luggage from the compartment under the bus . the crew shoot . aaron just a few question ? j.d. no . he start walk -- the four person newsteam stay with he . aaron we come from Washington . j.d. move away from I . aaron ( hold out microphone ) how long have it be since you have be home . j.d. ( move ) fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck . snot ... fuckee . you want to use that ? aaron it depend on how big a news day it be . they reach Jane . she call to he . jane j.d. I be Jane Craig . I speak to you in angola . I give you some sugarless gum and handi-Wipe . as he react to she : int . jane's room - night Jane sit next to Aaron make detailed timing note as she screen the material shot that day on a portable monitor unit . aaron where 's where I ask he about be scared ? ( then ) you should work on you speech . jane no . it make I nervous to think about it . let 's do this . she consult she note and go back to the exact spot . aaron ( on tape ) all this business of war -- do you get scared ? j.d. ( on tape ; he smile ) uh-uh . ( then ) I be a little freak right now about see my father though . he laugh self - consciously and turn briefly away . jane I love that turn away . int . auditorium - day Jane be at the lectern in the darken auditorium as two large monitor display some tape news piece she have assemble . on the lectern be a sign tell we we be at the Conference of local Television News broadcaster . jane ( in darkness ) there 's a point I be try to make about this piece come up . a woman' outline black out from behind -- she voice electrically disguise . woman ( o.s. ; angrily ) I do not think any client of mine make less than fifty thousand dollar a year which mean they can afford the best and you be damn right I feel good that that include I . CUT to : another angle - another woman in blackness , she voice disguise . woman two ( o.s . ) no . you would be surprised at who a work girl meet . I have be a work girl for what ? -- over a year anyway and that must be a thousand man and I do not think there 's a age or type that have not be in there . interviewer' voice ( voice over ) policeman ? -- Doctor ? -- lawyer ...? woman two ( o.s . ) oh , sure . Television reporter . a laugh from the audience . there be a : CUT to : another angle - full figure a woman in blackness . woman three ( o.s . ) I be seventeen now and I have be work the street for two year and I guess to be honest -- I stop think of it as temporary . the light come up on the room . the two screen go black ... there be general applause . Jane blink nervously . jane please do not applaud . on audience sitting in group of three -- news team from around the country , remarkably similar in comparison ... a great look woman , good look man ( either young or attractively avuncular ) and a Black or Hispanic . they still applaud -- not yet have grasp the sincerity of Jane 's plea which she press with more urgency . jane please . do not !! ( she yell ) I gather this piece as a example of what 's wrong with local television news . the applause stop . jane the excerpt from three separate series on prostitution be simultaneously broadcast by all station in one city during sweep week . by what bend of either or suspension of duty be that broadcast news ? she pause half a beat for possible applause -- hearing none , she continue . a anchorman sneeze -- four people shout " gesundheit " simultaneously -- they laugh . jane the legacy of Edward R. murrow , Eric sevareid , William shirer , David brinkley and walter cronkite be be squander in a desperate popularity contest . we profession be in danger : tracking shot as Jane continue , revealing that the news team now have even more in common . they do not like Jane . jane yesterday 's compliment have somehow manage to become today 's kiss of death . to be consider a serious journalist be no longer flatter . it present the risk of be label ponderous , or worse yet , elitest , right ? shot continue woman play with they hair , young man bored ... one middle - age anchorman fuss with a spot on he tie ... on jane briefly depart from text . jane all of you know what I be talk about . we be all try to act together than we be . but we care . so , we be all secretly terrify , be not we ? not a peep -- she be throw but doggedly press on with she prepare speech though she throat constrict a bit , she voice begin to rasp . jane we be be increasingly influence by the star system . the network anchormen be so powerful they compromise we last best hope . the current group be clearly qualified , tie still to we best tradition , but who follow this man ? tracking shot move to tom grunick seat with other member of he news team , a young blonde woman whose hand be rest on he inner leg , a good look Hispanic . Tom feel a grow excitement -- Jane be not just a speaker , she seem a savior . tom wow . his female colleague look at he . female colleague oh , I have know so many woman like that . they do not like they look so they be angry . back to jane fumble with she card , sink but game -- gamer than she would wish . jane I be go to talk about other trend but ... ( mumble ) ... the magazine show , news at profit , influence of entertainment tonight , the danger , the hope , the dream , the question ... oh , I be go to show you a tape -- a story that be carry by all network on the same night -- the same night -- not one network note a major policy change in Salt two nuclear disarmament talk ... here 's what they run instead ... go ahead . show the tape . on monitor show the japanese domino championship as broadcast by all network in the spring of 1985 . it be quite spectacular -- the domino fall into one another provoking wave , crossing tiny bridge , set off little firework . jane's audience applaud loudly and squeal with delight . on scene Jane between the two monitor . she begin to speak loudly over the audience noise of approval . jane ( loudly ) I know it 's good film . I know it 's fun . I like fun . it 's just not news . ( as they continue to applaud ) well , you be lucky you love it -- you be go to get a lot more just like it . stray voice - shout " good " other angle Jane sit rock into momentary catatonia , by the event . daze as a animal stung by a tranquilizer dart . she take some irregular breath wait for normal life to return . wider Tom the last person remain in the room . he approach she -- she be totally unaware of he presence , even when he casually mount the stage with a athletic leap . it take courage for Tom to fully intrude himself , which he now do : tom hello . she look up at he . angle on tom earnest , nervous -- handsome ... just when she need a mirage there it be . jane hi. tom I just want to tell you how great you be . my name 's Tom grunick . jane ( dumbly ) thank you . ( then ) they hate I . I do not hate they . tom well , they say if you can reach even one person , it mean something ... and you do that . Jane look up at he smile -- a beat then : jane would you like to have dinner with I ? int . HOTEL restaurant - night Jane arrive at the maitre d' stand . she have attempt to dress up to the extent that pack for a short - day trip allow . she look for Tom . Tom rise from a table and be immediately at she side . jane hi . I be worried I be early . tom I be a lot earlier . they be lead to a table and sit down . tom I keep think what a great break it be for I to get to see you tonight . more than a great break , maybe just what I need ... just when I need it ... angel of mercy -- godsend ... lifesaver ... what ? jane ( pick one ) I like " godsend . " tom I have not be in news that long . I have just be look for the right person to talk to . I have about two thousand question for you . he notice that she head have go into she hand where it continue to rest . he look at she a beat . tom it 's possible now 's not the right time . she lift she head . jane if we could just eat first . tom totally understand . totally wrong of I to talk shop after the day you have have . totally sorry . jane nooo . if I could just have a roll , I would be okay . she take a roll from the roll plate . he smile at she . she take a bite . jane thank you . ext . convention HOTEL - night as they walk along -- dump occasionally and self - consciously . Jane be feel a version of be turn on -- that be , a little adrift and temporarily free of obligation . she be open to make a memorable mistake . jane another thing I can not stand -- be this dull ? Tom shake he head almost violently . tom no , no , no , no ... Jane look at he curiously -- then : jane ( broadly ) another thing I can not stand be ... when White House reporter bullshit with each other after a briefing and then one of they have a theory and the other quote it in he story as " White House " source say ... tom that actually go on ... jane yes . my room be down here -- I be not tired . do you want to keep talk ? tom yes , sure . int . jane's room - night a small good room -- she work paraphernalia very much in evidence ... the quality briefcase ... the ream of well organize note ... the thick contact book -- Jane be sit on the bed -- Tom , not far away in the room 's only chair . one lamp be on and it serve to place Jane in the shadow and cast Tom in a enormously flatter light . music come from she miniature portable stereo system . jane come on ... even I be not that hard on myself . tom no , I really get this job on a fluke and wait till you hear where it end up . Jane smile a calming smile . jane I be do sport at the station . the newspaper run this untrue story that I be leave and they get all this ton of protest mail . so they make I anchor . jane so great -- right ? tom except I be no good at what I be be a success at . jane how be you at back rub ? Jane shift she position so that she back be to Tom ... he be immobilize by the sudden turn . Jane wait , just a bit longer than it would take a man to run from the chair to she side before experience the ghost - like clutch of rejection . she move briskly past the moment -- grab a " good night " chocolate from the pillow and munch it as she return to he agenda . jane it 's sort of normal -- the way you feel . in graduate school everyone think the only mistake the admission committee make be let they in . he move to the bed . tom listen to I . you keep on think I be somebody ho lack ... confidence . that 's not it . I know I can talk well enough and I be not bad at make contact with people , but I do not like the feel that I be pretend to be a reporter . ( cont would ) and half the time I do not really get the news I be talk about . it be not that I be down on myself . trust I , I stink . jane ( levelly ) I trust you . tom I do not even have the chance to get really good at sport . I be not bad . I think I be start to do interesting feature but hockey be big at the station and ... jane ( interrupt ) what about the obvious remedy ? reversing thing . maybe get a job on a newspaper . tom I do not write . Jane laugh or , more accurately , scoff as Tom continue . tom but that do not stop I from send out audition tape to bigger station and the network . jane well , come on -- it be you life . nobody be tie you to the fast track . do you go to college ? tom one year ... almost one year . jane so , you be not well educate and you have almost no experience and you can not write . he nod agreement . tom and I be make a fortune . Jane laugh very briefly -- then rub she face vigorously with she hand ... he 's make she feel a little crazy . she get off the bed . jane it 's hard for I to advise you since you personify something that I truly think be dangerous . tom uh-huh . jane ( hold it in ) I agree with you -- you be not qualified . ( let it out ) so get qualified . you can insist on be better prepare . you do not have to just leave it as ... ( mimick he ) ' I do not write . I be not school . I do not understand the news I be read . but at least I be upset about it , folk . ' a beat , then he mumble softly to himself . tom whoa , this be a mistake . jane just what do you want from I , anyway ? permission to be a fake ? stop whining and do something about it . he get up to leave . she follow he . jane well , you do not have to start right now . he turn to she . tom I hate the way you talk to I just now ... and it be not just because you be right . he exit . int . jane's HOTEL - night she be on the phone . jane ( into phone ) no . it be not just the speech -- the same thing happen with this guy . I have pass some line some place . I be beginning to repel people I be try to seduce . int . aaron's apartment - night as he talk with Jane . aaron ( agreeably ) he must have be great-look , right ? jane why do you say that ? aaron because nobody invite a bad - look idiot to they bedroom . she smile . aaron okay . let 's do I . jane sure . aaron okay . I feel like I be slip but do people who be actually slip feel that way or be it always the really good people who be move up who invariably think they be slip because they standard be so high ? jane this conversation be not worthy of you . aaron I would give anything if that be true . jane ( laugh ) good night . aaron would not this be a great world if insecurity and desperation make we more attractive ? if needy be a turn -on ? jane call if you get weird . int . jane's HOTEL - night she hang up -- pull back the bedspread on the double bed -- on the other half be papers , schedule -- tape . she do not clear they off so that she be literally sleep with she work . the phone ring . jane ( answer ) I be just think it be the shortest phone conversation we ever have . ext . phone booth a desert well - light area . Tom on the phone . tom I never tell you the reason I be tell you everything for . jane ( pleasantly surprised it 's he ) hey ? intercut : on tom tom that audition tape I send out ... I have be hire by you network for the Washington bureau . so I will probably see you at work . sorry . Jane be rock and sour . jane what ??? ext . WASHINGTON D.C. STREET - morning Jane and Aaron walk to work -- agitate . aaron they do not hire Peter stiller from the Times and he have a great audition tape . jane you want to start go over who they could have get ? they can not take on people like this for network news . for God 's sake . what 's go on ? int . news build lobby - day Tom arrive for first day of work . int . ernie merriman' office ernie merriman be the network 's Washington Bureau Chief . he be in he early 60' , have work for the network about 40 year -- part of the golden age -- a family man , a honorable man , a good guy . right now he be welcoming Tom to the network thereby good - naturedly help with the destruction of all he hold dear . as he hand Tom he credential : ernie any particular area you feel strongest in ? tom to be honest , I be best at anchor . Ernie give he a long look -- be he kid ? ernie why do not you take a few day observe the system ? then we will put you on general assignment . editing room - night two small tv monitor -- a smallish room . Jane go over she timing note which correspond to the time code supere on the monitor . bobbie -- a extraordinarily silent man -- be do Jane 's bid . on the monitor we see the mercenary piece which Jane be editing against a tightening deadline . the phone ring periodically -- Jane conduct abrupt conversation which continue to edit . the pressure be palpable to begin with but build and build ; almost like a family fight get out of hand and threaten to bend life . through it all , Jane remain remarkable calm . her focus be amazing ; she command sexy . jane ( consulting note ) go back to 316 , bobbie . the sound bite in the cab -- it start , ' I do not know how I will feel ... ' bobbie we could ... jane ( interrupt ) please , bobbie , we be push . as bobbie expertly reverse the tape , Tom 's face appear in the glass doorway and then he enter the already crowded room -- Jane 's eye click to he briefly . she make not a move to welcome he . he pause , but be commit and try to find a piece for himself against the wall . tom they say I should observe the ... Jane be distract by the noise ... Tom lean over towards she . tom they say it would be okay if ... jane ( incredulous ) we be work here !! you can stand over in the uh , uh , uh ... she momentarily can not think of the word ' corner . ' then back to bobbie : jane play back the last line ... bobbie he say something about ... jane ( sharply ) let I hear it ! bobbie , take the sharp command with ever increase , yet still repress resentment . the Assistant director , blair litton , enter the editing room . she be about 26 and every night since she get she job as Assistant director she have be the first to crack under pressure . blair we will need it in ten minute . we be put it directly into ... Jane hold up a finger of warning to Blair as she pick up a ringing phone and talk to bobbie at the same time . jane ( into phone ) Craig , just a second -- ( to bobbie ) let I hear it ! through much of this chaos we focus on : tom wedge into a uncomfortable position between two tape rack -- he be wide - eye at this circus of tension and fear . his eye dart around constantly -- try to take in as much as he can , always return with wonder to focus on Jane . mercenary ( voice over ) it 's be a long time since I have see my folk and all but ... I do not expect any big-deal homecome . jane stop there . ( into phone she 's be hold ) I want to shoot a picture from a book I have in the office . blair you do not have time . not a chance . jane ( into phone ) I will be right down . it 's right tight . she cross out . blair I have get to tell Ernie ... because there be not enough time . jane yes , there be . Blair leave , as Jane gather up she note . she charge out leave Tom awkwardly along with bobbie . tom I be Tom grunick . I start on General assignment today . bobbie stop the machine , turn in he chair and shake hand . then he smile secretly and speak he first full sentence . bobbie I do not think she 's go to make it . Tom exit . int . bureau newsroom Aaron be have a theoretical discussion with Ernie and jennifer mack , a correspondent in she early 40' , a pioneer beauty in news . she be well - school , breed , train and know ... GEORGE wein , a black correspondent in he 40s , and martin klein , formerly with the Johnson administration -- State Department correspondent for the network . klein okay , what about this ? here 's a tough ethical one . would you tell a source that you love they just to get some information ? aaron yes . GEORGE yes . ernie I too . jennifer sure . aaron Jennifer do not know there be a alternative . Jennifer laugh that laugh one always hope beautiful woman will laugh when one say something funny . Aaron smile at she . aaron here 's one . they allow we to have camera at a execution in Florida . do you broadcast tape of the guy in the chair when they turn on the voltage ? klein sure . jennifer why not ? ernie absolutely . GEORGE you bet . aaron nothing like wrestle with a moral dilemma be there ? Blair enter the scene , Tom trail several foot behind , continue to monitor the budd deadline crise . blair Excuse I , Ernie , we be several minute to air and Jane 's shoot a insert still for tonight 's piece . ernie she know how much time she have . Blair flash a torture smile -- panic be grow . blair okay . I just want you to know . aaron what be she shoot ? blair norman rockwell 's ' homecome . ' aaron ( think then ) oh , that 's nice ... ( walk away ) we will need some new line . int . editing room - night Jane up against it now -- but still seemingly calm . Tom watch , keep on glance at the clock fascinate , impressed . jane okay , bobbie , just a two -second dissolve to the rockwell . bobbie should I ... jane ( interrupt ) just a two -second dissolve . blair ( hurt ) oh , Jesus , we have three minute ... why do you do this to I . be it because I win a award ? int . recording booth - night where Aaron be write he last line on a fold over piece of paper even as he get ready to record . he time it with a stop watch . aaron norman rockwell 's endure portrait of a homecome the return of a fight man have always be one of the more move ceremony of war ... tearful woman , proud man , excited child . but j.d. Singer be right -- he homecome be no big deal . int . editing room - night blair we have a minute and a half . it 's my responsibility to tell they we will not be ready . jane uh-uh . we be be ready . Blair glance frantically at she watch . blair in 84 second ? on clock sweep from 28 minute to -- 84 second from deadline . Aaron walk in , Jane look up . jane ( hopefully ) nine second . aaron eleven and a half . jane oh , god. back it , bobbie -- bobbie ? almost simultaneous dialogue follows . it build until it duplicate the SOUND of loud and bawdy sex . blair you be say ' oh , God ... " they be go to go to up and the screen will be black -- they be go to go to black because we be not there . how about career , huh ? how about career ? on clock 42 second away . blair we be not go to make it . bobbie make a small bobble -- Jane give the merest evidence of the strain , scratch she face repeatedly . bobbie whoops . blair ( unravel ) whoops ?!? whoops ?!? no , please ... no , ooh , ahhh , ohhh . aaron shit , shit , shit ... tom ( catch up ) you be almost there , you can do it -- can do -- can do . and as the pitch reach its zenith , 27 second leave . bobbie hand the tape to Blair . bobbie ready . int . newsroom - night Blair hike up she skirt and take off . various shot we " chase scene " as Blair soar through the newsroom , leaping a chair smoothly , smash she leg against a table in full flight , the adrenaline deaden the pain -- she arrive at a wait elevator -- use a key dangle from she neck to unlock it ... jump nervously during the ride and now , in full extended flight , barrel down the long corridor head to the control room where she arrive ; slamm the tape into a technician 's hand even as it be introduce on the air . int . newsroom - night Aaron , Jane , the other look at the end of the piece on the air -- Tom in the b.g. as Blair enter -- relaxed , almost jaunty . blair I be a little nervous there for a minute . aaron oh , come on -- tell we another . on monitor the end of the piece -- the rockwell painting give way to the mercenary 's actual homecome which match the portrait . the irony work nicely . the network anchorman come up for he close . bill rorish , 50 year old and able to flutter much young pulse . he be able and experience -- a reporter who have become a journalistic king . bill ( on monitor , smile ) Bill rorish ... thank you ... good night . jennifer look at that smile . oh , that be good and oh my , Bill smile -- he like it . aaron he love it . Big smile . he give Jane a congratulatory sock in the shoulder which she return -- Tom in the b.g. of the shot . blair I have not see Bill smile like that in week . Ernie have walk a few step to the office . blair Ernie , you miss he close ... he smile . ( mimick ) thank you ... good night . she smile . ernie I see the smile -- good piece . aaron I be gonna go look at it again . they leave -- Aaron wave to Tom who stand in the b.g . the other leave . Tom approach Jane . tom I be sorry if I be in the way . it be totally impressive . great piece . jane ( somewhat formal ) you be not . thanks . how do it feel be here ? tom I can not believe I be really here . no kid . if you be through work now -- jane no. Aaron and I go to Central America on Wednesday -- so I be cram . tom I think you be incredible in there . I know how much I have to learn . I would really -- a lot -- appreciate it ...if ... jane ' really a lot appreciate it ... ' tom you make I nervous . anyway if I can pick you brain -- Jane grimace at " pick you brain . " jane I can not help you , sorry . I be not here to teach remedial report . tom and it have nothing to do with the fact I leave you room instead of stay there ? Jane look at he . jane oh , please . ( then , almost gently ) you be gonna have to understand something . this be not personal . she exit . ext . central american jungle - morning as Aaron , Jane and they crew march along with a contra squad deep in they own conversation . except for the din of tropical bird they seem almost like a cranky marry couple on they way to work . aaron I do not sleep . they be give I less and less air time . they do not think I be at all anchor material . jane if we do not get to they camp soon , we will not be able to tape the supplies come in . aaron last time Paul be sick they give connie the weekend news instead of I . jane you spend too much time -- much too much worry about that crap ... ( suddenly reacting ) oh good . they have enter a clear where supplies have be drop , the guerrilla already tear apart box with army boot inside . angle on a guerrilla soldier rub he shoeless foot . a pair of new boot sit alongside he . Jane 's cameraman prepare to shoot , say in Spanish , then English : cameraman put on the boot . Jane rush into the scene incense . jane stop ! we be not here to stage the news . wait and see what he do . then to the totally confuse soldier . jane ( cont would ) Sir , you do whatever you want . it 's you choice . by now there be a fair-size cluster of armed man as well as the news team stare at the guerrilla , who be at loss as to what be expect . he look to Jane , who can offer no help save she own determination not to interfere . finally he put on the boot . jane ( to cameraman ) okay . he shoot the scene . int . hay adam HOTEL Tom , in shirt and tie , be on the phone . this be a big day . tom okay , I will meet the crew there then . could you give I that address again ? great . yes , it 's good to finally be get to work . okay that 's 17204 ? 1-7-2-0 - 4 . thanks . int . HOTEL lobby - day as Tom get direction from the concierge . concierge it 's only ten minute if you prefer to walk ... ( as he walk away ) I will look for you on the news tonight . ext . HOTEL - day Tom have a real sense of the moment -- of have arrive . the strange bubble of pleasure rise to the surface as he walk off to cover he first story . he laugh out loud , loving he lot . ext . central american jungle - later afternoon Jane in the f.g. with she crew while Aaron talk in rapid Spanish to the guerrilla leader . aaron ( in Spanish ) be you guy kid or do you really think you will run into something ...? I mean , do you feel that every time and it never happen ? or be it the first time it feel that way and it 's go to happen ?... I mean , how bad can it be ?... be you nervous ...? what 's the chance on a scale of one to ten -- that we be go to be in a war within the next few hour ?... really ? he start to walk towards Jane -- one of the man he be talk with call after he with a add think . aaron thanks , you speak English very well too . ( to Jane ) great news . he say they have be engage the sandinistas pretty regularly and that he would be really surprised if we do not take fire tonight . Jane react -- a flash of exhilaration . Aaron be amaze at she attitude . aaron look at she . ( to Jane ) if anything happen to I tell every woman I have ever date I be talk about they at the end . that way they ' will have to reevaluate I . Jane laugh out loud , attract the guerrilla ' attention . Aaron repeat he speech in Spanish . the guerrilla laugh . ext . jungle - night Aaron and Jane in line behind the guerrilla . they hear a shot . the head of the patrol gesture -- deploy he man . Aaron grab Jane and head for some cover to the leave . as they run -- more shot . Jane in work mode . as soon as they settle . jane let 's tape . cameraman ( Spanish accent ) much too dark . Black . jane that 's okay . on aaron barely discernible as they start taping he be breathless with the nervousness of the nearly gunfire . aaron the first shot be fire not thirty second ago . the contras feel they must be outnumber this be so small a unit : that 's a give . still they hold they ground despite the fact that they weapon have be act up -- misfire or jam . a new shipment of rifle be expect tomorrow -- all they get today be the shoe . there be the SOUND of gunfire . jane ( to cameraman ) okay . ( to Aaron ) great line at the end . aaron do you shoot they boot ? jane of course . aaron we can cut back at the end . jane to the pan of the supplies box -- aaron can you believe it ? I just risk my life for a network that test my face with focus group . ext . government bldg - afternoon Tom , squash in amidst a small mob of reporter ... behind a police line . he hear a reporter next to he say : reporter I think he 's come out now . tom ( to he crew ) they say he 's come out now . a surge . tom ( to reporter ) be that he ? tom' cameraman yes . Tom check he note . insert - tom' black book the same model we have see Jane use . a list of question write in big color highlight letter . as he look down to study they , everyone else move suddenly off . tom be p.o.v. the mass of journalist and technician shouting question . " will you dispatch troops ? " after the ambassador they have be await -- clumping on he limo and then be shake by the movement of the vehicle . on tom stand alone and forlorn as he crew trot back . cameraman ( observe Tom ) what 's wrong ? tom I have a lot of question here . I miss the story . cameraman do not worry , it 's okay . I get a piece of he face . ext . guerrillas camp - morning Jane be stand -- talk to she crew . other asleep in b.g. -- a drowsy , morning - after feel . jane be you all pack and ready ? cameraman the stuff in the dark be not good . nobody want news light like that . jane will you just get pack ? she wave he off -- then she walk several yard away , hold a knapsack in she hand . she take off a brush and run it through she hair -- open a plastic case and take out a travel toothbrush , brushes she tooth and rinse she mouth with water from she canteen . she put everything back in place , then look about , sob for several beat . one of the guerrilla hear she sobbing and enter the scene -- he stand a respectful distance away . Jane finish , notice he , make a face by way of explanation , and exit the scene feel measurably better . int . WASHINGTON control room - night the Washington Control room . Jennifer , Jane , Aaron , Blair stand watch the intro to the Central american piece . Tom stand in the distant b.g . there be over a dozen monitor -- include one which be constantly on the anchor man , Bill rorish . on television monitor Bill rorish on camera -- a insert behind show Aaron in blackness plant into a Central american map border by rifle . a separate monitor show the insert alone . bill ( voice over ) a fire fight along the nicaraguan border ... in one minute . the insert move out at US to fill the screen -- we see Aaron 's dim outline and hear he say : aaron ( voice over ; on camera ) the first shot be fire not thirty second ago . the musical " evening news " signature come in ever-so-briefly . the screen goe to a commercial -- as Blair scream enthusiastically . blair great graphic , great graphic . Ernie enter the scene ... he kiss Jane in greeting -- pat Aaron on the back . ernie you finally get a piece in a few minute early and I hear Bill love it . Jennifer give Jane a mock pat on the back . ernie ( continue ) I have somebody downstairs who one of the clerk bring in and vouch for . he say he have something to say about gay get promotion at State ... it can not hurt to tape he . on jane as she feel Tom stare at she -- turn and notice he for the first time . tom hi. jane how 's it go ? tom can I buy you dinner sometime soon ? jane ( throw ) I just get back -- I do not know which end be up . tom okay . in the b.g. we may have noticed Bill rorish on one monitor as he pick up the phone at he anchor desk , during the commercial break . blair Jane ! Bill rorish want to speak to you at the break . ( as she hand it to she ) I never hear of he hand over compliment in the middle of the show . there be a stillness in the Control room as Jane speak to the anchor man in New York who we can view on a monitor . on monitor we see Bill rorish . bill ( into phone ) Jane ? jane ( into phone ) yes . bill ( into phone ) well , darling , if it get any better than that , I be go to have to bring you up here to New York . jane ( into phone ) thanks . I just wish you would keep the first twenty second . Blair cringe at Jane 's blunt reply . jane ( into phone ) but thanks . bill ( over phone ) well , the visual with the boot at the end be just perfect . Jane cover the mouthpiece and turn to Aaron . jane God , he love the boot . Aaron reach happily for the phone . jane ( into phone ) Aaron should be hearing this so I have a extra witness . bill ( over phone ) well , you always want to give the credit away , do you ? jane ( into phone ) no , I do not . he happen to deserve the credit . he 's right here . bill ( over phone ) I will speak to you soon we see rorish over the monitor . he hang up . jane ( to Aaron ) he have to read over some new copy . we see on the monitor that this be not so . it 's a very eggy moment Aaron . Tom break the silence . tom ( to the rescue ) okay if I watch you tape that interview downstairs ? aaron yeah . as he pass Jane he lean next to she and we hear he whisper . aaron please laugh so they think I be not die inside but have so much style I just say something funny . Jane do she part enormously well -- laugh with amusement ... but she eye blaze -- she friend have be needlessly humiliate . Blair want desperately to be inside Aaron 's joke . blair what do he say ? jane ( as if still amused ) I will never tell . int . SMALL television studio - night buddy felton wait alone . a camera crew watch he . he be well dress , exceedingly nervous . he summon the courage to ask a question . buddy could I see how I photograph ? camerawoman huh ? sorry ? buddy ' Cause for the interview they be go to use a screen and disguise I to protect my anonymity so could I see myself before that ? camerawoman sure . the camerawoman punch a button and immediately buddy 's image come up on a stand monitor on the studio floor . he 's not happy with the image -- but work at conceal he reaction -- gasp a bit of air -- try to touch it . Aaron enter . Tom smile a friendly smile which fluster buddy momentarily . but again he almost manage to conceal he private rush . buddy 's internal drama be such he invariably find himself cover up , fearful roomful of people will simultaneously guess he thought . Aaron direct he behind a screen and look at he note . aaron it 's Mr. buddy felton ? buddy yes . aaron that 's you full name ? buddy yes . aaron I might as well ask you the question on tape . be that all right ? buddy yes . aaron you work at one time as foreign service trainee in the State Department . buddy I be there two year and be promote on merit nine time . aaron eventually rise to ... buddy Office bimbo . ( curb he amusement ) no , I be sorry . Aaron be have a hard enough day , he be visibly annoyed . aaron you be say the fact that you be gay have something directly to do with you promotion ? aaron eventually rise to ? buddy G.S. I do not know . ( scratch he head ) I do not know number . Tom laugh . Aaron shoot he a look . aaron you be say the fact that you be gay have something directly to do with you promotion ? buddy I do not like the word gay . aaron which would you prefer ? buddy ravenous homosexual . aaron stop the tape , okay . forget it , ellen . let 's call security and get he out . as Aaron walk out -- Tom be momentarily fix on the sight of buddy walk in small circle give himself a talk to . buddy ( self flagellate ) great time to act out , buddy . you will not be happy until you turn the whole world off . he notice Tom . buddy they be not really go to call security be they ? tom no , I do not think so . buddy how do I get out of here ? tom follow I . buddy ( dazzle ) you talk I into it . int . elevator - night Tom distract -- he day have be a bit of a bummer . buddy self conscious -- the proximity create a almost unbearable tension of romance and adventure . int . build lobby - night a Guard on duty -- a black woman . she see buddy . guard oh , you be the gay guy . I be just come to find you . buddy I be leave . tom ( to Guard ) it 's okay . ext . STREET - night walk . buddy in step with he . buddy Sir ? Tom turn . buddy talk rather quickly -- he care very much about leave Tom with the right impression . the last word of he speech he have not expect to say . buddy ( cont would ) thank you for not shunning I and all . ( more ) I really do have all that information but I think I might just be be vindictive to get a little hunk of the ol ' spotlight . I know , horrible -- but I do not do it , so okay ? and thanks again and would you like to have a drink -- at a regular bar ? tom oh , sure . okay . his heart racing , buddy attempt casual matter - of -factness . buddy be there a regular bar around here ? int . / ent . regular bar - night Tom and buddy on adjoin stool . for Tom , the last week have be humbling , antagonistic . he 's enjoy buddy who listen attentively and wholeheartedly endorse every word Tom speak . tom I have be do some morning show stuff , but mostly radio -- that do not bother I . I be in no rush for anything . it 's just the snotty attitude , even if I have it come , it 's still ... buddy bad manners . tom yes . that 's right . buddy I know ... I mean you do not do anything special for I tonight . you just have what I think be good manners , decency . and it really make I want to be nice back and it have nothing to do with any homosexual thing . ( look right at he ) honestly . ( then away ) because I do not know if you have homosexual or not and -- you be not , be you ? tom no ...no . buddy one 's enough . Tom signal for the check . buddy ( cont would ) I be not do anything . tom I really have to go . buddy okay . at least let I show my appreciation . the Secretary of Labor be go to be indicted on Wednesday . for the graft thing he supposedly do before he be appoint . tom what ? buddy yes , it 's true . they be go to make it public Wednesday but be not it a big deal for you to have it a day and a half early ? tom yes . how do you know ? buddy ( shrug ) my roommate 's very social -- somebody from justice be over and ... I always hear thing before they happen . hey , and from now on , so do you . int . ernie' office - day George weln , the black correspondent and Tom be seat in the office with Ernie -- they be in mid-meete . GEORGE I be virtually certain it 's not true . he may be indicted eventually , but I do not think it will be this month . ernie ( to Tom ) you want to be alone with I -- tell I you source ? tom if I tell you I be not sure it would totally convince you , but I totally believe the guy . GEORGE ( insufferable ) Labor be my Department -- I can not conform it and my contact go very deep . tom so if it 's true -- I be terrific , right ? ernie it 's not even a close call . of course we can not go with it . int . editing room - following day Jane be work with bobbie the editor ... snatch of the tape make it obvious that the Labor Secretary have be indicted -- George weln stand behind Jane , who be dial a number . bobbie do you want he all the way to the car ? jane no stop where he 's all besiege . bobbie because ... jane ( to bobbie ) right there , bobbie . Tom enter . tom so he be indicted ? jane yes . GEORGE we be right not to go with it . tom but I be right -- just somebody give it to I . I have a good story . jane ( to George ) give it to he -- so we can concentrate . tom ah , I do not want any credit . bobbie and I serve anonymously . he pat bobbie on the back ... and exit . bobbie ( pause in he work ) you know , I like Tom , because hi ... jane bobbie , please . int . metro bus - day crowd rush hour ... buddy and Tom stand next to each other . buddy ... and the White House be hope to keep a lid on it for a few day till they figure out what to do . tom thanks a lot , buddy . buddy ( brush it off ) oh , please . so they be really impressed with you at work . tom not impressed exactly -- but a break in the cloud . buddy I see the change in you -- I see it . int . white house PRESS room - day the 10 a.m. briefing just break up -- Jennifer leave she network seat in the front row , only to be grab by Tom who steer she outside . ext . white house east wing - day in the near distance a circular driveway and a silent armed marine guard , stand at attention . tom ( to Jennifer ) so he buy this peugeot sedan at a greatly reduce price while he be there in charge of the White House Advance team . jennifer how come you be not chase it down yourself ? tom look , I be junior man -- and it 's you beat . jennifer Boy , that 's nice ... I wish we could all deal with each other like this . I will check it . anything I can do for you ? tom this be my first time at the White House . be there any chance to look at where he work and the rest of it ? jennifer I do not have the gut to ask when I first come up . I will get you a great tour . int . bar - early evening buddy and Tom watch the even News as Jennifer finish she story . jennifer ( voice over ; on tv set ) the President say it 's not a violation but nonetheless White House source say the full price will be pay for the peugeot and new rule will put future bargain hunt off limit for presidential aide . this be Jennifer mack at the White House . Tom and buddy smile at each other ... energize -- up . buddy forgive I , but it really be intoxicating be a news source . tom nobody else have it . buddy I wish it be you give the story . tom that 's okay . buddy what if we just do not tell they anything anymore unless they let you do the story ? tom no. really ... do not worry about it . buddy okay . and look , in the future I can call you when I have news for you . do not feel you have to spend time with I just to get the information . ( a breath ; then to himself ) well , that be not as hard to say as you think , be it , buddy ? tom what do you mean ? you be one of the few people in this town I can talk to . buddy put he hand to he heart and make a loud SOUND of rapture . buddy hoooo . the bartender and some nearby patron turn and look . Tom shift with discomfort . tom hey , buddy , do not do that anymore . buddy ( simply ) okay . int . WASHINGTON bureau - night Jane wait for a elevator ... it come and she step on just as Tom clearly excited come around the bend from Ernie 's office call for she . he go to the stair . int . walkway - night he run out and see Jane in the lobby below , then take off after she . int . lobby - night as he enter and run outside , look in both direction then run off to the right . a beat -- revealing Jane have stop to talk with Blair -- now she exit . ext . WASHINGTON STREET - night Tom on the street , ahead of she , think he 's behind she ... he run another half a block and stop deject ... turn to walk back to the office . he keep look back to see if he miss she , so that he head be turn as Jane reach he , say a fairly social : jane hi , how be you ? she keep move -- Tom spin after she . tom wait -- I need you . she stop . tom I have get another story . jane some public official skip a week on he Christmas Club ? tom the House armed service Committee have a secret report which say that the General stillwell tank the Army have dumped a fortune into plain will not work . I have it cold , confirm . they have five million dollar in this thing already . jane billion . tom okay , billion ... right , of course . they tell I I could have any producer I want -- and I want you . as Tom savor the moment . int . television studio - evening various bureau personnel stand at they desk watch Tom 's piece be broadcast . we see a tank misfiring . tom ( voice over ) one source refer to it as a five billion dollar metal sculpture to ugly to look at and too big to bury . aaron ( to Jane ) you write this ? jane I write for you sometimes . aaron not because you have to . on monitor we see a General walk away from Tom . tom ( voice over ) General elton mcguire be in charge of the weapon system . on monitor - two shot general I have be in the Army twenty - seven year -- so I will let the Army ask the question , not you . tom General , I do not want to bother you anymore or you family . but tomorrow there will be a mob of I back here -- so , if you have anything to say , why not say it now , sir , the way you want ? on tom he be a study . look at himself -- and though it 's far from he first time on television -- it 's the first time he 's see himself do serious work and , by all appearance , do it well . as the General answer in the b.g. -- blair I think it 's great of we to have leave in what you say -- just great of we . Tom smile modestly . aaron yeah , let 's never forget . we be the real story . not they . Tom and Jane look over -- then Tom look to Jane for a verdict . in the b.g. , the news go to a commercial . jane yeah , I know , I go back and forth on it . blair I like it . he 's not afraid to be human . Ernie enter the scene with he fourteen - year - old daughter in tow ... he approach Tom . ernie my youngest want to meet you . this be ellie . tom hi , ellie . ernie you should be honore -- she never care about meeting anyone here . but she like you on television just now . aaron ( enter scene ) hi , ellie -- remember I ? ellie I be sorry -- from where ? aaron I have be to you house a lot ... ernie ( help ) and Aaron go on that fourteen day raft trip with we last year . ellie ( vaguely ) oh yes -- hi. int . newsroom - night ( late ) Tom be on the phone . tom ( into phone ) hi , dad ... do you see it ? great -- I will send you a tape ... I be sorry I have not call . thing be a little bumpy for a while . it 's not important ... I be fine now . ( what he 's be want to say aloud ) hey , dad -- I just may be able to do this job ... well , I be glad you be sure . int . ernie marriman' virginia home - day Ernie be host the news staff for Sunday brunch -- they stand around drink in small group ... Aaron be stand with Blair and a man in he fifty we have not see before . blair I do not know why we have to feel defensive about it . newspaper be in business to make money -- why not we ? Aaron look at she in amazement . blair they criticize we for supposedly pander while they run wingo Games . grey haire man ( amused ) exactly right . Excuse I . I be pay to mix . Blair and Aaron laugh appreciatively as he walk off to another group . blair Goodbye , Paul . aaron take care , Paul . ( back to Blair ) it take a certain kind of courage for you to say that in front of the President of the News division . blair you think anyone who 's proud of the work we do be a ass kisser . aaron no . I think anyone who pucker they lip and press it against he boss ' buttock and then smooches be a ass kisser . blair my gosh , and for a while there , I be attract to you . she walk off . aaron wait a minute -- that change everything . on jane at the bar get a drink . Jennifer enter the scene ... and lead Jane down the hall until they be stand alone . jennifer this be very awkward . jane go ahead -- what ? jennifer ummm -- it 's dumb dorm stuff but I see Tom around you a lot and this be such a small office and I would like to see he outside of work , unless there 's some reason for you to mind ... in which case I just will not do anything . jane God almighty -- whew . do I mind ? why do I mind ? I do mind . what a shock -- I do not have a right to ... I do not think I like he . I know I do not respect he ... so what be I talk about -- what be I say to you ? jennifer you be say stay away from he . jane ( stupefy ) I can not be . she blink in wonder . jennifer we do not have to settle this definitively right now . Jennifer move toward the drink table -- Jane , unsteady by the dose of self - revelation , move towards Aaron 's circle and scratch he back in friendship ... Tom approach a she move off -- not want to deal with he . she take a few breath as she keep walk . we hear snatch of party conversation , i.e : GEORGE weln tell I one person who ever leave television news to work on a newspaper . she move on ; Tom still follow . ernie' wife ( hold Paul 's arm ) I feel so proud when he turn down News vice President so we could stay here . suddenly , after all this year , we have a life . Jane turn -- see that Tom be still look at she from a few foot away . jane ( badly ) hi , Tom . she stand there , genuinely frighten . she must deal with he now . he cross to she . tom it 's the fir time I have see you dress like this . you look so clean and pretty . jane what do you mean clean ? tom at work there 's always this sort of film over you . jane well , thump like I leave appearance to guy like you . tom you be great at take the edge off a good time . Jane start twitching . she pause -- hold a hand lightly on he arm to steady herself . tom you okay ? jane yes . just do not say anything mean for a while . thanks . she meet he gaze for a instant -- and , in that instant , lose control for the first time in she memory . she look strange as she retreat from this glimpse of upheaval . jane I have get to find someone . it 's important . Excuse I . she walk away . on aaron and ernie ernie I have the strangest thing happen yesterday . Anne and I have be marry what ? -- thirty - six year ... everything fine -- two day after the promotion come through , I be check myself in the mirror and she be make a face at I behind my back . so yesterday I look in the mirror and she be do it again . aaron you do not say anything to she ? he shake he head . ernie my instinct tell I not to . Annie come up . anne the office be phone , honey . he exit scene as Anne watch he go . anne I hope he move that fast when it 's I on the line . on jane as she pass a chair with a afghan shawl on the back -- she pick it up and wrap it around herself , a bit chill . she see Jennifer on the stair and move toward she call in a too loud , anxiety - ride voice as she go . jane Jennifer . hey , Jennifer . on staircase Jennifer turn as Jane whip up the stair . jane forget what I say -- you do whatever you want to with he . she push at Jennifer a little . jennifer well , there 's nothing I be go to do right this second . Jane push she again . jennifer but it 's a party , right ? Jane smile back feign female bond -- Jennifer go back down the step and cross to Tom . full scene Aaron take in Jane , who be take in Jennifer and Tom -- then Aaron begin to sense a new dynamic in the room as Ernie re-enter and huddle briefly with Paul ... the News President be intent ... the two of they walk over to Tom and Jennifer . we pick up just a few word : ernie this would be a good time to tap that source of yours . he could have a angle or something . aaron be p.o.v. Tom be startle but cool -- nod he head -- Jennifer be amaze look at Tom with new and even prettier eye ... Paul and Ernie now move toward Jane , a whole flow of movement create a new energy in the area . Jane shed she afghan as she rise to meet they . ernie ( to Jane ) we want you to exec produce a special report ... jane what ? Aaron have come over to join they now in time to hear . ernie a libyan plane shot up one of we basis in Egypt . it 's all still happen . jane let 's figure out the field . ernie unfortunately , since Paul 's here , he 's make out the assignment ... Jennifer at the White House ... George at the Pentagon ... Martin at State ... and we need a anchor since rorish be in he boat , so we be gonna do the whole report this afternoon from here ... with Tom . aaron that 's it . I resign as of now . ernie ( to Aaron ) stop it . aaron I will tell you what . I will stay if Tom know how to spell gaddafi . jane Ernie , as much as I like you , I think I have to tell Paul what I think , because this be really sort of obscenely stupid . ernie Jane , if you want to , go ahead . I do not disagree with you . Jane move quickly off , awed at the prospect of take on the big boss . on jane as she move past Tom who be talk on the phone , eventually catch up with Paul . in the b.g. Tom have just heard the " beep " of a answering machine . tom hello , buddy . it 's 1:35 -- and this be Tom . you can reach I at the office . it 's important . I can use a little help . Jane , because of the proximity to Tom be speak in whisper intensity . jane Tom be not ready for the job you be about to hand he . not near ready . not by the longest shot . Aaron 's spend six week in tripoli , he 's interview gaddafi -- he report on the eight - one story . I think he 's essential to do the job we be capable of and I think it 's my responsibility to tell you that . paul okay , that 's you opinion . I do not agree . jane it 's not opinion . paul you be just absolutely right and I be absolutely wrong ? she nod . paul it must be nice to always believe you know better . to think you be always the smartest person in the room . jane ( from she depth ) no , it 's awful . oh my , it 's awful . jane ( turn to leave ) we would better get move . as they move out ... Jane go to Aaron ... he move with she towards the door . aaron what happen ? jane I will tell you later -- where you go to watch from ? aaron watch ? -- jane I will come by you place , right after ... drink , take pill ... Love you . she run out the door . Aaron turn mean and mock Jane 's last word -- screwing up he face in a savage burlesque . aaron yeah , love you , too . ext . driveway - day as Jane briefly pause to see which war have room . Tom open the passenger seat of he car -- she get in . it move off . int . tom be car - day as it move off . jane nervous ? tom excite . Jane look over at he -- there 's no question he 's just tell the truth . int . tom' office - day in the b.g. we see the Bureau newsroom beginning to pulse with activity . Tom close the door . he sit down behind he desk and open a bottom drawer -- a clean whit shirt lie there . he open the center drawer -- two tie be inside . he pick one . he reach for a package of new red suspender . he take off the shirt and put on the new one -- all of this the work of a expert craftsman . by the time he finish he look like the authority figure we know he 's now . int . bureau newsroom - jane and blair Jane be not hyper . she be purposeful -- organize -- even calming Blair with a little physical contact -- a touch on the arm , to still she colleague 's hysterical demon . jane tell George and jessica to try and cover everything without Tom have to ask additional question . blair and bobbie say ... jane do you hear what I just say -- do you have that ? take a breath . blair ( a breath , then ) yes . in the b.g. Tom have exite he office and look about -- wait for some indication as to what to do next . jane and the most important thing make sure he earpiece work , have back - up ready . that 's never be more vital . he must be able to hear I at every second and clearly . Jane see he . she move across the room -- take Tom by the arm . jane we have twenty minute -- you can wait in the studio . Tom cough nervously into he hand and take a pen from a nearby desk , clip it into he inside pocket and walk off . graphic room - day Jane be screen and ask correction in a graphic representation of a F - 14 shoot down a libyan Air Force mirage fighter . jane put in the radar plane that spot they to begin with . graphic artist we have no picture on file . jane I can not draw -- but this be a rough idea . she use the stylus from the electronic paint machine to outline a american Air Force e-2c hawkeyes radar plane . her work be stun . int . aaron's apartment - day he have a glass in hand -- some chip on the table with a bottle of wine as he select a cassette desk to play . he pick a french song -- look at some of he book . he might even read . he be feign disinterest for a audience of no one . he sing along with the record in perfect french . int . studio hallway - day Tom check copy in the long hallway lead to the studio -- there be the merest of hubbub cause he to look up . buddy be be stop at the other end of the hallway . on buddy and security guard guard I have to check first . buddy ( a bit frantic ) well , then check -- but hurry -- there he be !!! buddy run the length of the hallway to Tom 's aide despite Tom 's gesture to slow down . buddy be everything all right ? tom yes . you do not have to come here . it 's just that I be go to anchor this special report on this libyan thing ... buddy ( delighted ) anchor ? tom ( amused despite situation ) yes , stop ! I wonder if you could find out anything about what 's happen . ( on buddy 's reaction ) what 's wrong ? buddy I break up with my roommate -- he be really the magnet for everyone who know anything . tom oh. buddy look , I can start up with he again if you really ... tom no. I be do fine ... look . Tom stand there -- a man at home in this media castle . buddy good . he 's on the world 's longest ego trip , let he take it alone . tom hey , okay . look buddy -- I have get to go to work . buddy ( to Tom ) ...good - bye then . tom I will speak to you . buddy well , who know . just let m tell you what my favorite teacher ever , tell I -- ' do not be afraid to be wonderful . ' he lean forward , give Tom a quick embrace , a small kiss on the cheek . Tom turn and walk off down the hallway to meet he immediate destiny as buddy look on . int . control room - day Jane mount some step in the control room -- she move past the director and technical crew up to the next level where the two news exec , Ernie and Paul stand with they back to the wall , and then up one more step slightly above the desk and table occupy by Blair . now she slip into the large well paddle throne - like seat -- as we begin music cue . literally at she fingertip be the row of button which provide immediate access to the field reporter at the Pentagon , State and the White House . in front of she the bank of monitor , the technical team and past they the studio where Tom be seat at anchor , a floor producer and writer feed he copy . angle favoring blair as she look at Jane , poise to control the complicated apparatus of mind and machine comprise the big time network news . and Jane Craig be at the helm . Blair experience a flash of emotion which transcend envy and verbalize it . blair ( sotto to Jane ) executive producer -- wow . Jane look at she and , in a moment of atypical merriment , do a choke gesture at she own throat as the monitor flash a graphic read : special report ... we hear a announcer's voice say , " this be a special report from ... " insert : jane's control panel each of four button label so that the microphone can connect she to Tom and the field Reporters . she press the button mark " Tom . " jane you hear I , Tom ? Tom ? Tom ? damn it ... he can not hear I ... ( to Blair ) I tell you if there be one thing ... Tom 's voice on speaker . tom ( voice over ; relaxed ) I can hear you . I be just teasing . gulping the air in relief , she slump nonetheless impressed by the macho cool as : Tom smile towards she then -- poise himself just as the announcer 's last word clear . announcer's voice ( voice over ) ... in Washington , Tom grunick . he begin he report . he seem authoritative , compelling , even in a low key way . we trust he . tom good afternoon . a libyan fighter plane attack a United States military installation early this morning and be , itself , shot down by american F - 14 interceptor . another monitor show the graphic run . in the b.g. two man approach Paul . they look out of place , decidedly non-business like . man one Mr. Moore , I be marvin usher and this be my brother , Stuart . paul not now !!! ( gesture ) look . tom the libyan missile destroy a Army warehouse which , just thirty minute earlier , have be crowded with serviceman . no one be injure . int . aaron's apartment - day Aaron be seat , foot up , drink , listen to music -- read a book , two remote control be on the cushion next to he . he sing out loud with the record as he read -- at one point provide he own lyric line over the music . aaron ( singing loudly ) and I can read while I sing . he pick up the television remote - control device a put the television on , the SOUND off . on tv we see the graphic of the libyan plane 's flight route , its missile fire -- the U.S. plane take off and the shoot down of the mirage jet ... at one point Aaron lowering the music and raise the tv SOUND hearing Tom . tom' voice ( voice over ) the heat seek missile virtually disintegrated the plane on ... Aaron turn down the tv SOUND and turn up the music . int . booth Jane 's hand flick at the button mark " pentagon . " jane George , you be ready . on pentagon monitor we see George and hear he through Jane 's voice box . GEORGE ( voice over ) should I cover everything or should I save something for Tom to ask about ? jane cover everything ! George nod . jane ( hit Tom 's button ) we be go to George . say ' the Joint Chiefs be meeting -- we have George weln at the pentago n ' . on tom tom George weln be at the Pentagon where the attack launch by the lone libyan pilot have result in a massive movement of military might . int . aaron's apartment - day where he still balance stereo and tv SOUND . aaron a lot of alliteration from anxious anchor place in powerful post . he pick up the phone . int . control room - day as Blair hand it to Jane . blair it 's Aaron . jane yes ? aaron I think the pilot that shot down the libyan in 1981 be station right here . maybe you could get he -- and maybe Tom should say that we F - 14 be one of the hardest plane to fly . they be nickname ' tomcat ' . jane thanks . ( to Tom ) the F - 14 be one of the most difficult plane to master . ( remember ) oh , you call they ' tomcat ' and in the 70 's the first crop have a number of crash . tom George , be not the F - 14 tomcat one of the most difficult machine for a pilot to master ? GEORGE I think you be right -- it 's certainly one of we hot plane . int . aaron be room - day aaron I say it here -- it come out there . he giggle . tom ( voice over ) there be trouble with they in the early day -- back in the 70' . Aaron dial again ... as we see Jennifer stand at the White House . aaron ( into phone ) I again . hi. listen gaddafi do not foam at the mouth or anything . when you speak to he he 's not at all nut . he seem like a leader -- very impressive , self -control ... that 's what 's so strange . on jane jane right and we have the ' 81 pilot on the way in -- nobody else will have he . aaron ( voice over ) you be welcome . sow how do it feel to ... I know you gotta go -- I too . we be very busy here . he hang up -- long shot ... Aaron with he remote control . the picture switch back to Tom . he turn up the volume . tom ( voice over ) ... outlaw nation but strangely that who have interview gaddafi find he , in a phrase we like to use in this country , very ' presidential ' . aaron Nice , Jane . int . control room - day Jane be on the phone . the atmosphere buckle with strain . jane ( into phone ) just a minute . her finger hit the " Tom " button . jane ( to Tom ) to State for the message from Libya , then you will have the carrier pilot from the sidra in time to ... ( a sudden shriek ) what ? no ! on tom jolted by the shriek in he earpiece but nonetheless continue . back to jane as she scream into the phone -- this be more than volume , she be over - the- top livid , she face red , neck cord pop . jane we only have ten minute leave -- how can you talk to I about parking problem ? no , not you will try ... you ' will do it -- do it or I will fry you fat ass , estelle . good-bye . as she bang the phone down . Paul comment sotto to Ernie . paul ( sotto ) I have no idea she be this good . jane ( hit Tom 's button ) fill for a second . tom ( fluidly ) the latest message seem to indicate that the libyan pilot be act on he own without authority from anyone else . ( into camera directly ) in other word , I think we be okay . int . studio - EIGHT minute later moving camera from Tom 's leave profile toward he right profile , taking in the production Assistant who madly shuffles page , even as Tom talk on camera , the monitor through which he see the subject of he interview at the Pentagon , the cluster of a assistant on the floor and now we continue to circle behind he , beginning to see the Control room in the b.g. and as we move in toward he ear , the white ear piece firmly in place , we begin to hear , the barely audible crackle of Jane 's voice as she tell he roughly what to say and how long he have to say it . tom ... so , Commander , it must have be a bit tougher today -- shoot down the french -made mirage jet . the one you get be a su -22...etc ... and now all be obscure except the anchor' ear , the ear piece and the red light on the camera and beyond ... almost a abstract vision . int . control room - day tom' voice ... once again : the libyan government have disavow any prior knowledge of the flight . this have be Tom grunick report from Washington . the special report end , Jane breathes a breath -- she and Blair momentarily grasp hand . the first talk concern Tom . paul he be brilliant . I have never be as proud of one of my decision . ernie ( call back to Jane ) great work , Jane , really -- you know ? really . she nod ... totally deplete . jane well , there be no major gaff anyway . Ernie scoff in she direction . jane thanks , everybody . she exit the scene . paul ( to the usher brother ) this be important for Tom -- there 's that bond thing that happen with the public and a anchorman during a crisis . it 's not the convention anymore ; it 's this kind of moment . Tom enter . he be exuberant . paul ( to Tom ) what a baptismal . congratulation . tom thanks . with all the help you get , it 's sure easier than local . Paul and Ernie exchange a glance . tom ( cont would ) where 's Jane ? I be still juice . Ernie point off ... as Tom exit . the usher brother hover . ernie ( to the usher brother ) can I help you ? marvin we be here to play the new news theme . ernie New theme ? you do not need I for this . paul stay . why should I be the only one to feel silly ? man one we need a synthesizer -- but this will give you a idea . paul go ahead . ( to Ernie ) be not he great ? ernie it work . man two have the keyboard out and begin play the prospective news theme : a suite mean to have majesty and drive , a tower composition -- the effect of it somewhat lessen by the fact that the two man vocalize other instrument over the keyboard . int . newsroom - day as Tom make he way across it -- crew be drift in ... he enter Jane 's cubby , flushed with the electricity of the " win " the most noteworthy moment of he work life . int . jane's cubby - day tom you be a amazing woman . what a feel have you inside my head . jane ( a bit throw ) yeah . it be a unusual place to be . tom indescribable -- you know just when to feed I the next thing , just a split second before I need it . there be a rhythm we get into , like great sex . Jane look at he and nod slightly -- a unconscious spasm of truthfulness . tom you have to celebrate with I , do not you ? everybody 's go to that bar on the corner , ' cap . ' jane I be go over to aaron' . maybe I will hoop up with all of you later . how long do you think you will be there ? Tom indicate that it 's a impossible question to answer . they enter the elevator . ext . news build - night as several people cross the street towards the bar . Tom have be hold back on one question . tom it 's tempting to ask you how you think I do . ( she start to reply ) no. I be enjoy myself . take it easy . he start across the street . jane ( try to be casual ) maybe I will see you over there . indicate bar. tom you will never show up . he start across the street -- then turn and call to she . tom Jane ? jane yeah ? tom I will wait for you till seven . jane ( shouting back ) okay . Tom race to catch up with the other -- Jane in the distant b.g. pause a beat before walk off in the opposite direction . Jane move quickly along . SOUND of men vocalizing news theme come up and continue through : ext . aaron's apartment - early evening as Jane approach and be surprised to find he sit on the stoop outside . on aaron happy to see she , rise fairly soberly to he foot . he applaud as she come toward he . jane really ? it be good . he nod and applaud some more . jane you call in that information -- you be the classiest guy I know . he wave she off ... and sit down on the stoop . aaron it be strange to watch he . what 's the next step ? lip synching ? she sit a step or two above he , wait to gauge he mood . aaron I have be do some of the most important think of my life . I wonder if this be the right time to tell you about it . she steal a glance at she watch . jane well , whatever you think . aaron I figure out exactly why it be I be so hang up on get a chance at weekend anchor ... it 's because if I do that well , they will pay I more , treat I great and my life will be better . that 's why . jane sound like you may be on to something . aaron which mean I be at they mercy and who want that ?... I be not go to tell you where this think lead I ... anyway , well , why not tell you ? -- it 's a happy thing . in the middle of all this I start to think about something that do nothing but make I feel good and make immediate sense and that 's you ... and I will stop here but , Jane , I would give anything if you be two people so I could call up the one who 's my friend and tell she about the one I be in I ... I do not think I should go any further . come on -- I will walk you to the corner . he tale she by the arm and lead she to the corner . jane you know you have have a strange day ... I would sleep on all this thing you have be think . aaron absolutely ... you go have a good time ... you have some place to go ? jane yes . aaron good . he grab she and hug she exuberantly -- take she face in he hand and kiss she full on the lip . aaron well , I feel something . he leave she on the corner and walk back . on jane as the SOUND of news theme vocalizing pick up one more ... Jane move quickly , hail a cab . int . cab - evening jane we be go to cap bar at seventeenth and vermont ; Connecticut be clear on Sunday ... take that over to fifteenth , then around vermont and we will bypass the circle that way ... if you do not go over forty we should catch mostly green light . on the driver be annoyed look . jane come on -- do not take it the wrong way . I just know about thing . he hit the meter . ext . cap bar - evening as the cab pull up , Jane get out and pay he . driver great route . I never make anywhere near that fast before . jane thanks -- good drive -- driver thanks . come from you I appreciate it . jane thanks . as she turn to enter the restaurant -- Tom and Jennifer exit . as they confront each other : tom I do not think you would make it . jane well , I think I would check if all of you be still here . I will just go in and join the gang and you two go on . tom there 's no gang in there -- we be the last one . jane well , I will go in and have a bite . tom ( to Jennifer ) Jennifer , you want to have another drink ? jane hey , I know how to have a burger by myself . I feel like a little solitude . jennifer ( as they move off ) I sure know that feel . terrific work today . jane ( too jock - like ) right back to you . tom thanks for get I through . he put he hand behind she neck in a awkward gesture of camaraderie . she awkwardly disengage ... wave and step inside the door to the restaurant ... stand there between the two set of door watch Tom and Jennifer walk away . on tom and jennifer as they walk to he car , first exchange a look of reflection over Jane ... then bump accidentally , then bump back , a look , then kissing with passion , wrap around each other . int . jennifer be apt - night as Tom and Jennifer rush in lock in a embrace , shed clothes even as they enter . int . jennifer be apt - night we be aware of moving form . jennifer ( intense shout ) damn all you sons-of-bitch . oh shit , you bastard ... they finish . a beat , then : jennifer sorry . on tom and jennifer Tom take aback by the outburst from this woman he 's just make love to . tom no , it 's okay ... people say different thing . they do ... the plural throw I . she laugh . jennifer the last time I be with someone we go through this awful mutual disease questionnaire but I guess it beat get paranoid the next day . okay , I will go first . I have not ... tom ( stop she ) it would never occur to I to worry at all about you . Jennifer be touch ... jennifer you know something ? I be deeply compliment . be not it strange to be deeply compliment because the man you be with do not think you have a venereal disease ?... Tom slide out of bed naked -- she move quickly across the bed one outstretch hand reach for he ass , a free -- even lusty sort of motion punctuate by she comment : jennifer give I some of that . he dance away -- out of range -- like the action , a stupid grin on he face . tom where 's the bathroom ? jennifer through the closet . he open the door and turn on the light in the closet . int . closet - night it be a convert room -- give over the rack of clothes and shoe extraordinarily well organize . Tom stand there agape . various rain coat -- clothes for all climate -- lot of luggage . she join he in the closet -- hold out a sheet in front of she . jennifer I convert a bedroom -- this stuff build up . wait till you have be do this sixteen year . tom I be not knock it . it 's a great solution . not only the storage but you can see everything you have . Jennifer laugh -- he follow she gaze and see himself in silhouette against the door -- he penis prominent in outline . jennifer do you do bunny rabbit ? Tom be enjoy himself immensely . tom be not this a great date ? we hear the SOUND of scratching as we : int . jane's editing cubicle - morning Jane feed another tape in -- she be take editing note alone and scratching she arm . she look wear out -- stock footage of statesmen move across the small screen . she sigh and , without realize , implore the heaven to help cure a malady she 's yet to recognize in herself . jane ( to herself ) God help I . people have begin to filter into the newsroom in the b.g. aaron Jesus , Jane . how long have you be here ? jane a long time . I be restless . will you crack my neck ? he start massage she neck as the phone ring . she let it ring for a beat as Aaron work on she . as she pick up the receiver we hear a crack . she react to it at the same time she utter a greeting . jane aaah -- ( into phone ) -- ello . you sure they say the management meeting ? ( hang up ; then to Aaron ) they want I to be at the management meeting . aaron they be not that dumb , after all . he pat she on the back . int . walkway - day blair do you know you be the second woman in network news history to produce ? jane ( though distract ) no , I be not . I be the fourth . Joan Richmond . pauline frederick get that credit once on a U.N. special and there 's Susan Zirinsky . int . management meeting - day Paul be run the meeting from behind Ernie 's desk . two other non - editorial men be in attendance . as Paul discuss the more press problem of the network news division , Jane sit near the window strangely unmove by she first moment at the seat of power . she have the blue . paul anyway , they seem to be very serious about make I out eight million from the budget and that mean massive firing . I be do everything I can ... it 's too early to make up a ' death list ' but I just want you to be aware of the situation ... we be also go to cover the alaskan serial killer trial on a continue basis . I would like it do out of Washington which mean we have get to get somebody on a plane for anchorage . we can not fool around anymore ... Jane ... she look up at he -- a bit sleepy - eye . paul ( cont would ) this be go to be high - profile on the even News -- who do you think ? George weln or Jennifer ? jane ( much , much too quickly ) Jennifer . the man look at she curiously . she repeat herself more rationally . jane ( cont would ) Jennifer . int . tom' office - late afternoon he have be read from a respectable stack of mail -- Jane appear in he doorway . for the first time , we notice that she be woefully ba at at least one endeavor -- flirt . jane come on , I will buy you a drink . there 's a big thing over at the italian embassy . tom I be not sure I would be good company tonight . jane ( self - conscious joke ) I will be the judge of that . int . italian embassy - night as they walk in -- one man look at Tom with a glint of recognition . then another -- a handshake -- a woman introduce herself . a small knot of people form . jane it 's much too soon for you to have this kind of buzz around you . tom do I have to stand here in the middle and meet they all ? jane I will get you through . move and smile . ( she push he a little ) and smile and move ... they start crossing the room -- he be move now , make progress . but a egyptian businessman stop he . egyptian businessman be it safe for I to fly home ? tom yes . we be fine now . jane and smile . he smile -- people smile back . jane and move . angle on stair landing where Aaron ( pimm 's cut in hand -- a cucumber stick out ) stand with Martin klein . Martin be eat from a huge platter of appetizer . martin klein the italian serve the second best thing right after the chinese ... I could do a article compare embassy food ... gourmet free-loading ... sell it anyplace . I be sure not get the assignment . aaron who the heck could that be ? aaron be p.o.v. from the excited group of people block he view , it 's clear there be some personage in attendance . on aaron and now he see that it 's Tom . aaron be God testing I or something ? martin klein Paul love he . I hear he give he the most poetic compliment in he command . ' he 's hot . ' sometimes group of executive get together just to say that work back and forth ...' he 's hot , oh , she 's hot . oh , he 's really hot . ' hot-hot-hot-hot-hot-hot-hot ... ( look at Aaron ) and here we be . aaron Martin , you be not allow to use the word ' we ' or I be move . martin klein ( sudden think ) maybe Jane would like my food idea as a spot ... try the one in the middle . he move off to intercept Jane -- as he stop she ... Tom be strand -- then see Aaron and move over to he side . tom hi , Aaron ... what 's do ? aaron same old stuff . I be watch a man who win three overseas Press Award pitch a hor d'oeuvre idea . a man stop and introduce himself to Tom -- shaking he hand : tom you want to go out there -- ( indicate balcony ) get out of this for a second ? aaron why do not you lead ? I will just follow the flurry you cause . Tom turn -- the sharpness of the tone unsettle he . tom what do I do to you ? aaron you have make my dream silly . Tom decide not to deal with the remark . he 's jolted by the hostility . he lead the way out french Doors to a ground floor terrace , where Aaron join he , close the door and the two man stare at the party . tom ( gesture at the party ) heavy hitter . Aaron nod . they look inside . aaron ( several beat ; then ) how you do ? tom ( warming ) great . Network news , Washington ... I love it . what do you do when you real life exceed you dream ? aaron keep it to yourself . tom you know the other day I really want you reaction to how we do with the libyan report -- I be go to ask but I guess I feel a little intimidate with you . aaron oh , stop it . on Tom 's reaction . aaron you can not talk about feel intimidate when you be on top of the world . it 's unseemly . tom I be not buy into any of that . I have a load to learn . I be not go to act as if ... aaron ( finish for he ) you have the job you have ... the sudden debate be important to Tom -- but it 's move too fast for he . tom shut up a second ... aaron ( amiably ) okay . pretty petty party , be not it , pal ? tom ( pick he word ) I make one rule for myself when this start and I realize I be go to take a lot from you people because of be from sport ... aaron and the rule be ... tom never to pretend to know more than I do . aaron can you name all the member of the cabinet ? tom ( flustered ) okay , let 's drop it . I do not mean I would take a test for you -- I mean if that come up in conversation I would ... aaron we be converse ... oh my , the name of the entire cabinet have slip my mind . what be they ? Tom be get piss . aaron ( compromise ) do not name they . just tell I if you know . tom yes , Aaron . I know the name of the cabinet . aaron okay . a beat . aaron ( cont would ) all twelve ? tom yes . aaron there be only ten . Aaron 's suddenly a good deal happier -- damned if it be not a little infectious . tom you be feel good , be not you ? aaron ( sincerely ) I be start to ... we may do the capitol of the state . tom ( dry ) fifty , right ? Aaron almost smile . Tom enter the party leave the door open . long shot Aaron in the f.g. -- he back to camera ... Beyond he Tom be approach ... then join Jane . ext . jane's STREET - night as Tom 's car come to a stop . int . tom be car - night tom I be so exhaust . punchy . sick tired . I can not think and I can not move . I be just a dead lump of pour out flesh . ( then ) would you like to come up ? Tom think -- then : tom maybe we could just sit here -- talk a little ? jane okay . you do not like the party , huh ? tom too many smart people in one room -- it 's not healthy ... Jane 's confuse by this . she look at he . tom I be go to have to do a story from beginning to end on my own . jane eventually . do it have to be right now ? tom ( nodd ) believe I , I would not be do this unless it be absolutely necessary . I have a idea for something . jane what ? tom I just read about it in a magazine and it affect I . jane well , what be it ? tom if I tell you , can you manage not to put it down or tell I why it will not work or be in bad journalistic taste or anything like that ? jane ( broadly ) yes , Tom -- I think I can manage . he turn towards she -- about to stick he chin out . hesitates . jane ( cont would ) I promise . tom it 's about woman who be attack by someone they know on a date ... ' date-rape , ' that 's the piece ... well ? Jane clamp a hand over she own mouth . tom okay -- good move . keep it there . she continue to clamp she mouth shut as he exit the car , open she door and then begin to half carry , half pull she out . she keep she hand clamp over she mouth . laugh from behind she door and run for it . on tom his spirit lift . on jane behind the door , try to hide the glow in she eye . int . jane's apartment - night the phone ring ... Jane 's hand bounce off she nightstand to turn on the light knock over and break the clock radio instead . Three alarm clock stand next to the clock radio ... finally the light come on . Jane 's voice be so thick with sleep the word she utter be just barely distinguishable . jane hello . to ( uncertain ) hello ? jane hello ... who be it ? intercut : int . tom' apartment - night tom I be not sure I dial right -- Jane ? jane Jane , yes . Tom ? Tom , be that you ? be this Tom ? tom yes . jane I have to sleep fast so I take two allergy pill to help I ... I be sorry ... hey , you call I . tom it 's not important . jane say who ? not important -- ha-ha-ha . I be dream -- oh , no -- can not tell -- how embarrassing for I . gosh . tom what pill do you take ? you sound more like someone on a general anesthetic . maybe I would better speak to you tomorrow . jane nooo . be it you story ? tom no . be you go to the correspondent ' dinner on Saturday ? jane why , you need I for the story ? tom no . be you go to you ? jane uh-huh . tom maybe I will get off work . I would like to go . jane oh , good . tom we can go together . jane so you like I , huh ? tom I like you as much as I can like anyone who think I be a asshole . int . jane's editing room - day Tom editing a piece with Bobby -- he also have a little typewriter table set up . he be read from the page in the typewriter as he look at the piece he have write . tom ( read ) but cop on the street continue to view it as ... shit -- too long . but street cop say ... that fit . that last cut work for you , bobbie ? bobbie yes , and thanks for ask . int . newsroom - night as the regular watch the even News , in particular the date rape piece which be now in progress . Tom anxiously eyeing Jane out of the corner of he eye as she watch the monitor . her face impossible to read as she study the screen . on monitor uniformed cop what can you do ? if a woman invite a man in and he say they uh , have sex and she say he rape she and then you find out they have be out together two , three time ... how can you prove a crime ? new shot on monitor Tom and a woman of about thirty -- dignify but fragile -- she look like someone who might be cast for a church production of " Glass menagerie . " young woman it will be a year next month since it happen ... I never think I would talk about it outside of counseling ... on newsroom as Aaron enter the scene . aaron hi. he be shushed by every woman in the room , accept this and take up a position near Tom and Jane to watch they . on monitor young woman we would go out twice and I have not enjoy myself that much but it get to a point -- I do not know if you can appreciate this but where you do not want to sit home or be with you girlfriend and people have always be tell I that I be ' too picky . ' I be not . it 's just you want to meet a nice guy ... so anyways , it be that ' give-him - a- chance ' thing . no , it be not . I be lonely . so we go to a movie and when he bring I home he say could he just come up and have one beer and then he would go . how do you say ' no ' , to that ? so first it be this wrestle match which be awful enough because it get to be really a fight ... because I be a modest person ... then he rip my clothes and he force I to ... make love . he stay in my apartment and force I more time -- he do not leave until ... ( she have start to cry ) I promise myself I would not cry ... it 's just hard not to -- ( ruefully ) you sure have a sympathetic face . ( she cry a bit more ) ... I be so sure I would not do this -- but the whole thing mess I up -- maybe more than it should ... on monitor as the news piece cut to : Tom 's face -- he turn clear a tear from he eye . on newsroom this watch strike -- perhaps embarrassed but rivete . Aaron be aghast . Aaron approach the set . aaron can I turn on the news for a second ? ... oh , wait a minute . sex -- tear -- this must be the news . Tom stare dagger at he as a public official appear on the monitor . on monitor public official I do not think you can overestimate it -- on any give Saturday night ten of thousand of woman be be attack and there be not much they or we can do about it ... tom ( on monitor ) the victim often remain too terrify to talk -- the police powerless and all the social welfare group can finally do be monitor this epidemic of crime without punishment . this be Tom grunick in annandale , Virginia . as he piece conclude . newsroom Tom continue to glare at Aaron . aaron I be in a pissy mood . I be sorry . tom what 's wrong with it ? aaron nothing . I think you really blow the lid off nookie . Blair moan with displeasure . Aaron exit scene . other start to congratulate Tom on the piece -- in the b.g. on the : monitor we see freeze wilderness -- man digging in the ground -- clump of people watch they work . on jane probe she own ambivalence -- or , to be more accurate , work towards a positive stance . jane ( to Tom ) Nice work ... ( check watch ) I have get to get a crew off the clock . she start off -- Tom stop she . on tom and jane now off a bit by themselves . tom so what do you think ? jane it move I . I do relate to it -- I really do . it be unusual for you to cut to yourself when you tear up -- and that might not have be my choice ... but it 's real and it get I ... and I think a lot of the time I be too conservative about that kind of stuff . okay ? tom ( enormously pleased ) yeah . he walk back towards the area of the monitor . on monitor jennifer tomorrow the jury return to this site as each day bring more revelation of horror , four more body now take from the freeze earth ... this be Jennifer mack in wota hamlet , Alaska . int . newsroom - two week later ( spring ) - day blair Ernie 's be look for you . as Aaron walk to he office . int . aaron's office - day as he enter and find Ernie bent over he desk . ernie oh , I be just write you a note . what do you say we take a walk ? aaron ( puzzle ) outside ? ernie yeah -- ext . WASHINGTON STREET - day Ernie be silent ... he 's have difficulty . Aaron be feel knot form . finally Ernie break he silence . ernie I do not know if we have any young man more respected in we operation than you . aaron just tell I what 's really go on . I think we know each other well enough for I to expect that . ernie ( agitate ) we know each other well enough for I to care how I put something to you which could wipe you out . so I will phrase thing the way I think they should be phrase . all right ? aaron wipe I out ? Ernie sit on a bench . ernie anyway . I want you to think of this as ... aaron just blunt talk , okay ? I would really appreciate bluntness . ernie Upper management think you be dull . Aaron deflate . ernie Aaron , I have never see they like this -- I think Paul 's nervous about he own job and for some reason he think you only appeal to ... aaron wait . bullshit I a little ... I be beginning to appreciate it . ernie I be no suggest the worst will happen ... but someone with you brilliance get nibble about other job and maybe , the next time that happen , down the road -- you should look into it . aaron ( emotional ) ah , damn -- the fuck jerk -- my , God . they want to fire I . ernie all I know be that they have get to fire a large number of people ... and they be not go by seniority . there 's a recklessness in the air . they ... aaron ( interrupt ) do one thing to I ? get I one shot at anchore the weekend News -- they have never see I do it . I think it could turn they around . ernie I could do it this Saturday -- everyone want off for the correspondent ' dinner . Aaron turn -- he spirit lift by the unexpected ray of hope . aaron do it then . ernie please prepare carefully . this could not come at a better time . aaron prepare what ? you have Saturday 's news handy ? ernie it 's be a while since you read the news -- I will have somebody work with you . just on superficial performance thing . several beat . ernie ( cont would ) please . aaron okay . I think I would better be alone for a while . ernie I understand . I will go with you . aaron thanks . int . SMALL television studio - night Aaron be seat behind a desk -- some old news copy in he hand . a unmanned camera be point at he . Tom be stand a few foot further back study he . aaron this be uncomfortable for I -- because , well , I do not mean it as a knock , but we approach this differently . tom we sure do . I do not mean it as a knock either . ( he smile ) go ahead . I will just say what I think and you can disregard it if you want . aaron it just might not work for I because of we different approach . Tom nod and gesture that he proceed . Aaron begin read the news . barely a sentence in , he be interrupt . tom wait . aaron what ? tom you coat jacket be rise up in back . Aaron ignore the tip . tom when you sit down -- sit on you jacket a little -- that give you a good line . look at yourself in the monitor . Aaron look but be unimpress and resume read the news . Tom , not about to be ignore when he know it 's important , move behind Aaron and begin to force he jacket down . aaron ( very uncomfortable ) I do not like be handle . tom sit on it ! now look . aaron just do not physically ... ( he see himself in the monitor and be suddenly enthusiastic ) fantastic tip -- fantastic . he start to read again . tom no . that 's not go to tell we anything . let 's get this prompter go . aaron it 's not load . tom I will find some copy . be right back . Tom exit -- Aaron look after he , clearly take with the genuine camaraderie ... the unmistakable joy Tom derive from help out . several beat and Tom come back with a cameraman in tow . tom I get copy , I get ellen to heat up the camera and I get master Control taping so you can study it later . he put the roll of copy in the prompter . aaron hey , Tom ... Tom turn . aaron I be very appreciative . same scene - later Tom totally focus on he down one knee check he from various angle . he interrupt . Aaron read from the prompter . tom no. no. aaron no ? tom do not let you eye go from the beginning of the sentence to the end like that . you do not want to look shifty , do you ? aaron oh , God , no ! tom and the leave side of you face be the good one . go again . and try to punch one word or phrase in every sentence -- punch one idea a story . punch -- come on -- Aaron do same with the story he be read ... tom good ... very nice . Aaron acknowledge the compliment in news mode . punch the first word . aaron thank you for the compliment , Tom . he draw a laugh from the cameraman as he go right into the next story . tom try not to move you head or wrinkle you forehead ... this be good , very good ... ext . news bureau - night Aaron , tape in head , be say he farewell to Tom . he be face he leave side as he will do for the rest of he life on earth . tom you be smokin ' toward the end there . aaron the pointer be great . I will study the tape . Tom be into help Aaron he find himself deliver a locker room pep talk : tom and remember -- you be not just read the news or narrate . everybody have to sell a little . you be sell they this idea of you . you know , what you be sort of say be , ' trust I . I be , uh , credible . ' so whenever you catch yourself just read ... stop and start sell a little . so long . he move off -- Aaron watch he go , feel decidedly uncomfortable by this last piece of advice and vaguely corrupt . int . jane's apartment - night Jane fly into frame , carry she dress , two large shoulder pad clipped to she bra-strap . she be obviously run a little late . now she slip on the dress -- she pace so quickened that it momentarily dull the effect of see she in a pretty formal gown ; the kind good girl wear on special night . the doorbell ring ... she open the door while try to put on she necklace ... Aaron enter carry four bulg garment bag and a fistful of neckty . aaron I spill some rum on the outfit you pick out . let I show you the alternate . she eye the amount of clothing , go to the phone and dial . jane ( into phone ) Tom ... why do not I meet you there ? I have get some last minute stuff I have get to take care of ... hey , how do you resolve you dilemma -- do you rent the tux or buy it ... I know it . how much ? wow ... okay ... see you there ... aaron I do not know you be go with he . jane do you bring you grey suit ? aaron yes ... I be think that way too ... which tie ? she hold they in she hand -- indicate with the necklace that she want he to help she ... he fasten she necklace while look over she bare right shoulder as she riffle through he tie collection . jane ( the clasp in place ) thanks . try this one . she hand he the tie and he extract he grey jacket from a bag -- put it on and tie the tie ... she reach into a white paper bag full of fresh purchase and take out a vial of perfume with a build - in atomizer and spray the air in front of hr and walk into the mist . on Aaron 's reaction : jane I read about it -- that 's how you can make sure you do not put on too much perfume ... aaron could you at least pretend that this be a awkward situation for you -- I show up while you be get ready for a date . jane ( flaring ) it 's not a date . it 's co- worker go to a professional conclave . Jane , unnotice , reach into the paper bag , take a small box of condom and drop it into she evening bag . ext . WASHINGTON STREET - night Jane on a public phone , Aaron stand nearby within sight of a taxi stand . jane ( on phone ) how long will it tale you to send one ?... she hang up ... pace ... then look at Aaron , relax . jane you look terrific . Aaron pose a question which he feel in he deep core : aaron really ? Jane nod . aaron because this be important -- so do not just be polite . I would really like to look ... what 's the word I be look for ?... jane as good as humanly possible . aaron yes . jane well , the line of the jacket -- no really .... just very nice ... just right . I wish I could be there . aaron I too ... hey ... if it get dull a little before 11:00 , drop by the studio . jane I be not sure I will be able to ... i... aaron if ... if not , I will have the tape ... I will wait for you at my apartment . jane okay , great -- good luck . before she can deal with that , a cab arrive . aaron thanks , Jane . have a good time tonight . jane you too . Aaron take she in -- she look lovely . aaron I would hug you , but why risk muss either of we ? she half - laugh ... kiss he , wipe the slight lipstick mark from he cheek and , in a sudden decision , take each of she shoulder pad from she jacket and put they in he -- improve he look while diminish she own . she get in the cab . aaron be p.o.v. Jane , lean all the way over the front seat , give detailed instruction to the driver as the cab pull away ... as Aaron turn and walk off . int . cab - night Jane , in she formal , sit back -- anticipate she date . ext . WASHINGTON HOTEL - night a hefty percentage of the Washington journalism industry 's man and woman dress formally for one of that evening where they can finally assert they own glamour . Jane enter the scene . int . WASHINGTON HOTEL - atrium - night as Jane enter , lose momentarily in the lobby -- greenhouse , the majority of the throng pass through in formal clothes . a bit of dialogue overhead from two men in dinner jacket . man one the L.A. time be a great outfit . best severance pay in the business . Jane keep look for Tom -- pass another man , talk to he sharp - looking date . man three he be lecture I and finally I just say -- I be sorry , I refuse to look at it as a negative that I be young and my news appeal to people my age . woman and it 's not like he just do not hire a twenty - six - year - old producer himself . man no kid , twenty -six . Jane move to the step and start up , greeting several people nervously . more bit of dialogue , leak from conversation of both substance and expedience . anonymous older man remember brinkley 's great line -- " it 's as irrevocable as a haircut . " now , on the second level , she scan the crowd . jane's p.o.v. the floor below . Tom in the world 's best-fitte tux ... cluster of people from around he but he work he way easily through they as he look for Jane and grin he greeting , man be buoy , woman 's pulse throb . on jane as she silently mouth the word -- " smile and move and smile and move . " which be exactly what he 's do . then a contract with the god . jane ( to herself ) if he do not see I soon , we be not suppose to be together . on tom see she . -- he do a tap step -- a brief giddy burst , the meaning of which be not lose on Jane . he be act like she boyfriend . on jane anxiety stripped away revealing a first glimpse of Jane as a joyous pretty young woman . on tom move quickly up the stair -- as she walk toward he . tom ( excitedly ) it 's incredible who 's here . jane who ? tom I ! she laugh . almost complete a affectionate gesture -- take he arm instead . int . newsroom - night Aaron seat in the main newsroom in shirt - sleeve , write . he take the just - complete page out of the typewriter and walk over to the weekend news producer . ( w.n.p . ) aaron want to look at this ? w.n.p. sure . George weln appear ... GEORGE ( to Aaron ) what be you do here ? aaron ( feign casualness ) the weekend news ... anchore ... anchore the weekend news . GEORGE Way to go . Aaron nod , as the producer finish the copy . w.n.p. this be terrific news , Aaron . it 's a pleasure to read . aaron thanks . oh , there 's water on the set , be not there , in case I get a attack of cotton mouth . w.n.p. sure . you will be fine . aaron ( feel patronize and repelling ) I will be fine ! yes !! I know !!! int . ballroom - night bomb sniff dog , secret service men and D.C. police monitoring the member of Washington 's most trustworthy elite as they pass through the metal detector . the line move slowly -- Jane and Tom several couple back . off -camera voice ( o.s. ) can I have you autograph for my wife ? Tom and Jane turn to see a grin Paul . tom how you do , Paul ? paul so this be why you would not do the weekend New , you can not turn down a free meal . tom yes , bear to party . Paul enjoy the riposte , look at Jane who be shrink within herself . paul I will see you two inside -- I think we be all at the same table . ( sotto to Jane ) you be finally learn to be flexible . glad you change you mind about Tom . he pass through the detector ... Tom start to step through it -- she pull he back . jane I be sorry . I do not want to go in there and sit with everybody . ( imagine it ) I can not ... why do not you go ? he consider this option as she wait . tom suppose I go in for a little while and you wait in the lobby - bar . how 's that ? jane good . that 's it ... see you . she walk off . he run a few step to stop she . tom Jane . she turn . tom you be not go to take off on I , be you ? jane uh-uh . she step on the escalator ... Riding upwards , concern deepen , anxiety flow . on tom watch she to up the escalator , he find himself do simple thing , step onto a move step . full shot Jane four step ahead of he -- not yet aware of he . he move past one other man until he be stand directly behind she . tom I just want you to know that my give up the correspondent ' dinner put tremendous pressure on you . Jane turn and be a bit blow away by he gesture -- life threaten to be good . and now Jane bump a bit at the top of the escalator , regain she balance by grab Tom 's offer hand . as they walk they continue to deliberately hold hand . int . news studio - night we be on the studio floor , focus on the activity around the anchor desk and three camera ... the floor manager stand ready to cue Aaron , the script be ready to roll on the prompter machine . floor manager twenty second . on aaron make sure he be seat on he jacket -- take one last look at the hand mirror be hold by the makeup woman . she start off -- but Aaron regrab the mirror almost make she lose she foot -- a check -- then another check -- he point to a spot on he forehead which she dab with the makeup sponge ... both of they fuss enormously with he hair -- four busy hand . floor manager ten second . aaron how many ? floor manager ten. aaron okay . he watch the makeup woman scurry underneath a camera lens , resit on he jacket and finally have the moment the system have be deny he for year . we can hear the end of he cue in a barely audible crackle from the floor manager 's earphone ... " ... with Aaron altman . " aaron ( on tv ) good even ... in mood and language better suite to a espionage novel than the delicate world of the western Alliance , the british foreign Secretary today pounce on what he termed , ' the nest of profession spy and amateur traitor who be turn NATO headquarters into a instrument whose only true function be folly . ' we begin we coverage with Edward towne in London . Aaron look up -- take a breath . he 's do well -- he 's punch he word and he one think for the story . his gaze have be steady , he voice firm but he have begin to perspire . he dab with he finger at the first trickle from he brow -- brushes some more prominent sweat from he upper lip ... he beckon nervously to the makeup woman -- who come in and dab -- then dab again as Aaron feel himself under he arm ... makeup woman gee whiz . floor manager five second . she scurries away , Aaron reach for another kleenex from she box and miss it ... a graphic illustrate he next script section appear behind he . aaron ... the sub-base refer to be locate in five country ... and now the moisture on he face be clearly discernible -- the floor manager and makeup woman grimace at the grow specter as they look at a large monitor . aaron France , Belgium , the Netherlands , Spain as ... and now so much moisture sprout from he upper lip that he push he lower lip out to slurp away the sweat ... the makeup woman laugh briefly out loud before catch herself ... Aaron 's eye dart angrily in she direction . aaron we well as great Britain ... we own State Department be rock not only by the revelation but from the highly unusual persistence from the State Press Corps . Martin klein report on the ruckus at foggy bottom . half - beat until he 's sure that he 's off -- he shirt now show distinct sweat stain ... aaron help I . the makeup woman pick up she kleenex box -- then think better of it ... makeup woman someone find I some big towel . on aaron he blot he face -- some makeup streak -- by the towel . floor manager five second . on makeup woman as she scurries away , this time enter the control room trot up one stair to look at the monitor ... the director talk to he camera Operators . director I would go looser but we would not see the graphic . technician ( to other technician ) no -- this be more than Nixon ever sweat . the makeup woman now look at the bank of monitor . makeup woman can not you just die for he ? on monitor Aaron 's makeup -streak face . ext . WASHINGTON STREET - night Tom and Jane walk drink in hand , she arm around he waist . they stop -- he rest a drink on a ledge and boost she up and then sit next to she . tom you okay ? jane great . full shot revealing that they be sit on a anti-terrorist concrete abutment protect a major government building on a beautiful night in we capitol . he be still hold she hand -- and now he note this . tom ( loudly to himself ) why can not I let go of this woman ? jane well ... he interrupt she with the smallest of kiss -- so mall and swift a kiss that she be leave do she return kiss to mid- air . and then he do something he 's think about many time before -- he briefly caress she breast -- while continue to look at she . jane at least kiss I when you do that . tom ( a grin ) you just can not stop editing I . huh ? jane this be hysterical . she laugh a little -- then kiss he . they break -- surprised and arouse and look at each other ... jane I be half hope I would not have a good time tonight . you know why ? tom because you be nut . jane right , right -- be not she fun to tease ? he lean forward and speak softly and truly . tom more and more lately when I have watch you in action -- see all you energy -- I have be wonder what it would be like to be inside all that energy . she take a gulp of she drink -- put a hand to feel the heat on she own cheek . then turn to he . jane right back at you . several beat . tom I do not remember say anything like that -- exactly ... I do not know why I just do . jane ( immediately at work ) oh let 's see -- wait a minute , well , I can think of two reason . tom what ? jane Three ... I just think of a third ... if you talk about it , you do not have to do it . tom that 's not it . jane good ... another be you be try to make it all about sex and heat and nothing else . she look at he -- he 's think . jane or it 's that great feel that you do not want to hold anything back . you know , intimacy . she elbow he . Tom take in the choice -- then : jane ( suddenly ) oh , shit . I be a creep . she move off the concrete wall . jane I forget all about Aaron . I promise to stop by and see how he do . tom I would like to know . I will go along . jane no . I will see you at you apartment as soon as I can . she start to flurry with activity -- move to the curb when out of nowhere Tom bark a sharp command , the first time any of he action have be tinged with fury . tom jane ! thrown , she stop and turn . he walk to she . jane what happen ? tom do not run off -- like everything 's settle the minute you make up you mind . jane he might be weird -- he can talk more freely if I go alone -- why 's that so hard to understand ? tom it 's not that it 's hard . I just want you to give I a minute to catch up . jane okay . ( she hug he ) sorry . ( another beat ) do not yell at I like that again , you scared the life out of I . ext . aaron's house - night as Jane exit a cab and move up the step . int . aaron's apartment - hallway - night it be at the top of a flight of step . she knock on the door . ring . knock . Aaron open it . he be wear a sweatshirt and cord . aaron I be in the shower . she enter . int . aaron's apartment - night jane how would it go ? aaron you do not see it or speak to anybody ? jane no . aaron then it go well . jane do it really go well ? aaron define you term . jane do you feel good about it ? aaron no . jane do other feel that you do well ? aaron no . jane then what be good about it ? aaron I lose six pound ... jane Aaron , will you tell I ? aaron it be great ... write my little first rate copy , sit on my jacket , punch my one think . but I have this historic attack of flop sweat so they will never let I another again . oh , I lose one of you shoulder pad -- how be you evening anyway ? jane what do you mean , flop sweat ? -- you be make too much out of it ... I will bet you be the only one aware of it ... aaron people phone in . jane stop kid . I want to know what happen . aaron I be not kid . jane there be complain phone call because you be sweat ? aaron no , nice one worried that I be have a heart attack . jane if all that happen , how come you be so chipper ? aaron I do not know . at a certain point it be so off the chart bad -- it get funny . my central nervous system be tell I something . Jane -- sweat run down my face -- makeup fall into my eye -- people turn this fusillade of blow dryer on I -- all so I could read introduction to other people who be cover storey which be what I like to do anyway . and I be chipper because you finally show up . I think I would cook for we . tequila and egg sound good ? jane I have to be somewhere . he look at a clock read 1:15 in the morning . jane I tell what 's he name -- Tom -- that I would meet he . aaron call he -- I mean it can wait , right ? jane ( now the plunge ) I do not know . I may be in love with he . aaron ( as if he just burn he hand ) no !!!!! she start for the door . aaron do not go . jane this be important to I . aaron yeah . well ... I think it be important for you too . sit down . she sit . he walk to a desk and look at she briefly ... silence . jane what ? aaron ( look at she ) let I think a second . it 's tough . a remarkably long silence -- she mind wander , she take stock ... it be evident that he be strain to get it right , reach into himself . aaron aaach ... Jane ... ( glance at note ) let 's take the part that have nothing to do with I . let 's let I be you most trust friend , the one that get to say awful thing to you . you know ? jane ( testy and wary but fair ) yes , I guess . yes . aaron you can not end up with Tom because it go totally against everything you be about . jane yeah -- be a basket case . aaron I know you care about he . I have never see you like this about anyone , so please do not take it wrong when I tell you that I believe that Tom , while a very nice guy , be the Devil . jane ( quickly ) this be not friendship . aaron what do you think the Devil be go to look like if he 's around ? nobody be go to be take in if he have a long , red , pointy tail . no. I be semi-serious here . he will look attractive and he will be nice and helpful and he will get a job where he influence a great god-fear nation and he will never do a evil thing ... he will just bit by little bit lower standard where they be important . just coax along flash over substance ... just a tiny bit . and he will talk about all of we really be salesmen . ( see he 's not reach she ) and he will get all the great woman . she be get piss . jane I think you be the Devil . aaron no . you know that I be not . jane how ? aaron because we have the kind of relationship where if I be the Devil , you would be the only one I tell . she 's briefly impressed . he have a point . jane you be quick enough to get Tom 's help when ... aaron yes , yes . I know . right . and if it have go well for I tonight , maybe I would be keep quiet about all this ... I grant you everything but give I this ... he do personify everything you have be fight against ... and I be in love with you . ( realize ) how do you like that ? -- I bury the lead . he pause to catch he breath -- breathe deeply through he nose . aaron ( a aside ) I have get to not say that aloud ; it take too much out of I . jane ( thawing ) sit down , stop . Aaron slump down -- it 's be a long round . aaron I have never fight for anyone before . do anybody win one of this thing ? int . tom' apartment - night a car door slam in the street below -- he go towards the window which be block by he sofa -- put he knee in and look out . tom be p.o.v. a woman walk from a car . on tom momentarily think it 's Jane . elate . tom be p.o.v. it be not Jane . the phone ring . intercut : back to scene as he answer and we have the follow conversation between Jane , who be use the phone , with Aaron see just a few foot away . Tom in he apartment . jane hi . it 's I . tom where be you ? jane I can not get away just yet . I be at aaron' . tom well , when ? jane I be not sure . it seem like he have sort of a mishap on the news . tom I know . I tape it . jane it be not as bad as he think , be it ? -- it be not unprecedented or anything ? tom not if you count ' sing in the rain . ' do he a favor and do not treat it like a tragedy . you want I to talk to he ? her eye meet aaron' . jane uh-uh . ( to Aaron ) he say you could hardly notice it . Aaron beckon for the phone . Jane hand it to he , as she do so : jane do not say anything about anything . aaron hi. will I ever sing again ? tom everybody have one like that . I think it be great when you start to laugh at the end . aaron yeah -- well , I be sorry I be tie up Jane , I do not realize you two would be go this late . sorry . tom no . do not worry about it . aaron I will put she on . she take the phone . jane hi , again . sorry about ... tom no . that sound more important . let 's forget about tonight . jane I do not know if that 's absolutely necessary . tom I have get my father come through tomorrow anyway . I should get some sleep . jane ( hamper by Aaron 's presence ) uh-huh . tom I will see you at the office . good night . several beat of silence . finally : tom ( finally ) hello ? jane yes . tom okay . good night . jane ( aghast ) good night ??! tom Jane , I be not some chore you have to finish so you can stay on schedule . jane okay , great , grunick -- easy shot now -- huh ? good night . she put the phone down . a beat -- she look stricken . Aaron look at she . jane he just cancel . he have a chance to think and he cancel . she bow she head . jane I can not breathe . ( aghast ) over a guy ?!? ( then ) but I can not -- I can not breathe . damn it ! she gulp a breath . her hand on she knee , lean over -- another deep breath . Aaron take in the specter . aaron well , Jane , it be nice of you to drop by . int . jane's apartment - night as she enter -- go immediately to the phone . on phone ... cradle in a answer machine -- index for sixteen one - button call , mostly people from work -- " Parents " etc . Jane play she answer tape . it be silent -- no message ... she fast forward to double - check . just the SOUND of blank tape . she push the button next to the " Tom grunick . " we hear a busy signal . on jane she hang up the phone . then compulsively hit the " Tom " button again . busy . and again . busy . she consider for a moment hit the button next to Aaron 's name . jane ( stop herself ) be fair . she press the button next to Tom 's name . busy . and again . busy . ext . ernie merriman' house - monday morning as he pick up for newspaper dotting he lawn and open the door of he car -- just as he wife call from the door . wife Ernie , they be call from work . ernie tell I I be on the way in . wife it 's Paul . Ernie , just a bit concerned , walk back to he house -- the four newspaper thick enough to be a awkward carry . int . ernie' house a phone in the immaculate live room . ernie ( into phone ) hello . yes ... he hold the phone down at he side for a beat , compose himself in the face of a sudden and horrible turn of event . ernie would there be any point to my go to New York and talk to they ? would there be any point in go over it with you ? no , I be still come in . he hang up . wife what ? ernie they fire I . she take he hand and kiss it -- then hug he . wife ( weep ) how horrible . we will be fine . you will be fine . stay here with I -- we will go for a drive , have some drink , make happy plan . ernie no . they be fire even more people than they say . some will want to talk . it could help . wife ( timidly ) I could use somebody to talk to on a day like this . ( on he reaction ) sorry . go ahead . he kiss she sad face . ernie bye , sweetie . wife okay , sweetie . he walk towards the door -- pick up he newspaper on the tray beneath the hall mirror and do a start . he p.o.v. in the mirror he sees he wife make face at he behind he back . he exit he home without comment . int . editing room - day Jane be sit in she editing cubby -- it be past noon . she rise and stand in she doorway look toward Tom 's office -- the door be open , the room be empty . Blair enter carry a armload of tape . she look extraordinary . blair I have get four hour of french demonstration -- Jane wave it off . blair some of it they use water cannon . Jane take the tape . jane what be you dress up for ? oh , that 's right -- because the even News be here this week . blair I spend a fortune on this . Blair exit ... Jane pop the tape in , automatically make timing note , then stand -- look again towards Tom 's door . jane's p.o.v. the door now close . jane she stop the tape -- summon herself . she walk towards Tom 's office and open the door . Tom be seat behind he desk . jane ( without passion ) I keep try to call you -- you never call I . be you just diddling I ? be that it --? I be great if I be help you career . ( mimick ) but when I be a woman for a second , I get immediately fuck around by you . she be obviously in pain but still alert enough to catch Tom 's answer . int . tom' office - day tom Jane , this be my dad . and , now open the door a bit more -- Tom 's father be revealed seat across from he . jane ( that quickly ) please forgive what I say . ( to Tom ) sorry . as she retreat : tom you just light up a room and leave , huh ? she laugh nervously as she exit . tom and he dad dad you want my opinion ? tom the thing that 's easy to miss about Jane be ... dad you want my opinion ? and it 's okay if you do not . Tom think a beat . tom yes , I would . dad the way she just act be not the way a affectionate person act . Tom find the comment off - the-wall enough to be think provoking . int . newsroom - day Paul arrive with Bill rorish . the first time we have see the multi-millionaire anchorman in the flesh . he have the grace and dignity of a man who spend every waking moment work on grace and dignity , he and Paul be in the midst of a important conversation -- mute and ominous . bill just when do you start , tell people ? paul almost immediately . bill I would like to take everyone out after the show . paul Bill ... this be hard on all of we and it 's no time for compliment . but I think it 's extraordinary of you to come down here for this . bill if we be not here for each other during the tough time , we be not a news organization . Blair enter scene . the smallest flicker of interest from Bill , but more than enough to justify she go into hock for the outfit . blair welcome back to Washington . bill thanks . a self - conscious look of greeting to Paul and she 's go . bill I have forget . be she on the list ? Paul nod " yes . " bill this be a brutal layoff ... and all because they could not program wednesday . paul ( can not resist ) you can make it a little less brutal by knock a million dollar or so off you salary . as Bill turn : paul just a bad joke . I be sorry . awful . it 's a miserable day and that be some kind of totally sick - joke defense mechanism which do not indicate any of my feeling -- not one -- but just show the kind of stress this represent for all of we . Tom and he Father enter the scene from Tom 's office . Bill walk to Tom . bill hi . it 's about time . tom good to see you , Bill . as they shake : insert a great handshake . on mr. grunick's face touch , as he watch the network ' most prominent journalist greet he son . tom this be my father . bill good to meet you , sir . on tom equally touch as he watch the world 's most prominent journalist greet he dad , who turn goofy with excitement . mr. grunick good-bye , Tom . he put a big hand on he son 's cheek -- a farewell pat . then whisper in he ear . mr. grunick I be go to go back home and tell all you old teacher . Tom watch he father walk off and move immediately to Jane 's editing room . int . jane's editing room - day as Tom enter ... jane I feel terrible about what happen . what do he say ? tom he -- uh -- say he like you because you look like you have -- fire and honesty . jane ( enormously pleased ) no . do he really ? tom yes . then he say a really weird thing ... jane ( so softly ) what ? tom ( he mean this ) that it would be a treat to make someone like you feel better ... he get like that sometimes . jane that 's so perfectly ... it really make I feel a little faint ... ( actually woozy ) whooo . Blair enter wildly into the scene . blair they can I . well , my brother will feel great -- now he 's not the only screw-up . jane it 's start . bobbie stick he head out of he office ... bobbie Tom -- Paul want to see you . as Tom focus and move off : int . newsroom and hallway - day move with Tom . nervousness grow , confidence go , he proceed down the hallway . int . ernie' outer office - day secretary he will just be a minute . Tom sit down -- pat he tie in place ... a beat and the door open . Paul lead out Martin klein . they shake hand . martin klein you know I be just old enough to be flatter by the term , ' early retirement . ' paul that 's wonderful ... what a lovely line . if there 's anything I can do . they shake . martin klein ( evenly ) I certainly hope you die soon . a little smile to Tom and he 's off . paul Tom . Tom enter the room . a nervous cough in evidence as he cross to a seat . paul we be have a severe cutback , Tom -- 17 people in this bureau include technical personnel and we be go to reorganize at the same time . we be go to take you out of Washington for a while and assign you to London . int . newsroom - late afternoon Aaron and Ernie be off to the side in the newsroom -- people be pack they belonging -- as secretary cry and embrace -- from a office rumble a shout denunciation : anonymous voice no . I will not keep my voice down . that sons-of-bitch ... they be worse than accountant -- they be bad accountant . Tom enter scene . tom have you guy see Jane ? ernie she 's in there become the first woman bureau chief we have have here . Tom take this in . aaron what do they do with you ? tom they boot I out of Washington . aaron impossible . there 's no system that would not value one of we . tom why ? what do they do to you ? ernie ( point at Aaron ) it 's what he do . I be proud of he . aaron they tell I they would keep I because they could plug I into any story and my salary be in line . ernie the cost -efficient reporter . aaron so I quit . a weep woman burst into they circle and sweep Ernie away . Tom and Aaron stand there -- comrade at last -- victim of the same sword . tom you pack up tonight ? aaron yes . and I be sorry that they be send you down for a while , but you will make it back ... where they send you ? tom London . aaron ( incense ) London . that 's a promotion ! tom ( defensively ) I do not think so . aaron it be . yes -- that 's where they have rorish , for God 's sake , before they make he anchor . I can not stand it -- they be groom you for it all and you do not even know it . tom hold it down , okay ? aaron can I ask you something ? you only have one crew on the date rape piece , right ? he extend he hand . tom yes . you be not go to stick around for the farewell party ? aaron no . I do not know how much fun it will be when Martin klein and Ernie have to drop off they credential with the security guard . Aaron look at people pack they belonging in box -- a few pocket of conversation ... Ernie read some copy . aaron this story they will not cover . and if the network do not cover it -- it must not be important so why worry . tom ( eyeing he ) I be go to miss you -- you be a prick in a great way ... Aaron take by surprise -- laugh . tom you know what I ... aaron no , I like the way it make I sound . okay . be good . so long . he exit . int . tom' office - day as he pick up a clean wastebasket and deposit he belonging . a schedule book , clean shirt , two tie , cuff -link , a travel mirror , cassettes of he Washington report . his desk clear -- he write on a clean piece of copy paper . he center it on he desk . insert - paper " good luck , you will love the bureau chief ... previous occupant . " int . newsroom - day as Tom enter from he office , a wake be slowly ignite . Tom move along the edge of the room , carry he wastebasket full of belonging , not really a part of the mournful festivity . tom be p.o.v. Jane across the room hugging one person after another . on jane as she embrace a older secretary . older secretary you know what I always want to tell you -- that ... jane shhh . this be not the last time we will see each other . it 's not . a two - armed tight embrace of Martin klein . jane we will get they back -- it 's go to change . Blair be at hand as they embrace . blair except for socially , you be my role model . and now she see Tom -- he mouth one word at she -- " London . " she nod that she already know and then let she body sag a little . he gesture she towards she editing room , so they can rendezvous . int . editing room - day as Tom enter and wait for Jane . when she enter he close the door . jane this people -- it 's all so awful . it just hurt physically , do not it ? like something 's wrong with you bone , like you organ be shifting inside you body . she look at he expectantly . it 's not what he 's feel . tom maybe I have not be here long enough . ( great ) but , hey , congratulation on the promotion . jane how can you say that to I ? tom sorry . ( a beat ) I can not stand here feeing bad that I do not feel worse . this have happen at every station I ever work for . look , I think it 's crazy for you to come in here tomorrow and start a new job . I have a week to get to my job . let 's get the hell away to some island fast and find out how we be together away from this . a beat -- Jane take it in . jane well , I just think that ' a extraordinary proposal . tom that 's yes ? jane that 's more than ' yes ' -- that 's ' you bet . ' they kiss . int . aaron's apartment - night the phone ring . he answer . aaron hello . int . jane's office - night Jane -- still at the office -- it be quite late . jane bastard , sneak , quitter . aaron speak . jane I just find out . you do not say anything to I ? you just resign ? will you meet I now ? -- no , now ! I be go away tomorrow . please . int . sidewalk - restaurant - night across the street from the bureau 's building . Aaron and Jane be have a beer . they be in mid-conversation . jane why not try it for a few week ? aaron stop . Ernie think I be good too -- he could not help . my agent have a hot prospect -- the number two station in Portland . the general manager say he want to be every bit as good as the network . personally , I think he should aim higher . jane tell I the God 's honest truth -- be you leave because of I ? because if you be ... aaron Ernie tell this story . how he use to write obit and when the people in town call he up with death notice , he cry . he be till that way when they promote he out of obit . he say you be lucky if you can get out while you could still cry . ( a beat ) I should have quit this place three year ago . jane you be just try to say all great stuff so I will feel even worse that you be not around . he laugh . aaron let 's go ... jane I just want to sit here longer , I mean the feel be powerful -- why 's that ? aaron maybe the best part of you life be over and you do not want to get up and start the bad part . Jane look at he levelly . jane you be now require to sit here with I . ( a beat ; then ) come on ... be smart for a second -- what do you think will happen to we ? aaron okay , that 's very easy . five , six year from now I will be in town to collect a award represent the surge in foreign coverage by local station . jane ( smile , it 's like old time ) yes . aaron I will be walk with my wife and two child -- we will bump into you on the street , my youngest son will say something and I will tell he ... ( deliberately ) ... it 's not nice to make fun of single , fat lady . jane you will not be able to stay mad at I , right ? aaron I hope so ... ( on she look he relent ) no . I be not really mad . ( nodd head as if recite a catechism ) I will miss you , we will talk , we will always be friend ... we will get hot for each other every few year at dinner and never act on it , okay ? Jane smile -- Aaron have grow suddenly angry . he rise , walk away , then turn . aaron Jane , you know how Tom have tear in the piece the other night ? ask yourself how we be able to see they when he only have one camera and that be point at the girl during the interview . ( on she reaction ) I be fairly sure I be right to tell you . ext . office - night we look through the window as Jane enter -- in a frenzy -- search the stack . int . tape library - night as she locate the cassette label " date - rape - 9/26 - evening news - outtake . " int . tape cubby - night as she insert the tape into the player . angle on jane ... and monitor as she watch ... this be what she see ... young woman ... but the whole thing mess I up more than it should . she cry . we hear Tom . tom' voice okay , that will do it . you okay ? the tape be rocky now -- the sound woman and cameraman continue to roll as they move towards they next shot -- at time the camera point towards the carpet -- but the sound continue . the crew chat -- mention that the tape be still roll . tom that 's enough . that 's enough . young woman I be sorry . tom be you okay ? young woman yes , I be sorry . tom do not be silly . what be you sorry about ? young woman the way you be look at I , I just go . Tom move through the shot . tom I just need you for another minute now , so we can shoot from behind towards I , and , um ... young woman uh-huh . tom ... that way we have someplace to go when we cut . and I just sit here , I nod my head and look nerdy . Young woman chuckle . Jane chuckle . soundwwoman voice Tom tom yeah . soundwwoman voice it kill I we do not have a second camera . it be so powerful see you reaction . tom really ? young woman' voice yes , it be . SOUND woman' voice for a second there , I think you be gonna cry yourself . that would have be something . tom ( consider , then ) then give I a minute ... jane ( fully realize ) you fuck ... as Jane watch we see Tom work up the tear we see in the even News piece -- as he do so : young woman' voice oh , that 's amazing . on Jane 's shocked reaction : ext . bwi airport - day Jane 's cab pull up to the curb . she get out -- she be carry no luggage . she see Tom who hurriedly walk up to she . Jane be fight to maintain a calm . tom look who 's the organize one . I have get everything . he briefly open a paper gift shop bag he be hold and show she he have buy they each a bathing suit . jane I be not go . he look at she with anticipatory distaste evident on he face . tom why ? jane I see the tape outtake of the interview with the girl . I know you ' act ' you reaction after the interview . Tom half turn from she and move back toward the bench . Jane close behind , stalking he . tom I feel funny about it afterwards . it 's verboten , huh ? I think since I do it for real the first time -- but I get you . that 's not the reason you be not come ? jane ( raise she voice ) of course it 's the reason . it 's terrible what you do . tom we disagree on how god-awful it be . why do not you come with I and we can disagree and get a tan at the same time ? jane ( livid ) Jesus , if you be glib about this I be go to lose it . I be up all night and ... tom ( calmly ) Jane , Jane , Jane , Jane , Jane ... jane it make I ill . you could get fire for thing like that . tom I get promote for thing like that . jane work up tear for a new piece cutaway ... you totally cross the line between ... tom it 's hard not to cross it ; they keep move the little sucker , do not they ? jane ( distaste ) it just prove that the difference we have be ... tom this be a one - way argument . we have get six day ; if you go and we fight and we hate it -- we will come home . if you do not go ? well , that 's a much bigger deal . I go to London right after that . so , it would be very big deal if you stay here . the plane 's board . you be good at deadline . here 's you ticket . jane ( take ticket ) it 's amazing . you commit this incredible breach of ethic and you act as if I be nitpick . try and get this . when you edit that ... tom ( deliberately ) I be leave now . Gate 43. he simply turn and walk away -- look back once as Jane stand there muck up by he sudden departure -- the lack of resolution to they confrontation be palpable . int . terminal - day on Tom move past the metal detector . he too be frustrated -- piss off at she . int . other terminal area Jane move quickly along towards the metal detector . int . metal detector as Jane pass through and set off the buzzer . she stand there -- the heel of she hand press to she brow try to stem the tear . as other look on , she take a huge key ring from she pocket -- deposit it in the box -- walk through without a buzzer and move on . int . boarding ramp - day Tom wait while in the b.g. " people eater " buss ferry passenger to the plane . as one full " people eater " pull away and another empty one arrive . ticket agent ( to Tom ) this be the last one . other start to board . he see Jane move towards he . he walk to she , she gesture back towards the street . jane that 's not go to be the way we say good - bye . even though I think what you do be rotten -- it 's not all impersonal . you mean something to I . tom ( interrupt ) you keep come after I and look down on I . it 's start to make I batty . she look at he . tom ( cont would ) I can not help it that they like I . and I like that they like I . and I think there 's a lot of this job that I do well . what do you think it take to do this job -- the way they have it now ? jane I do not want to discuss work . tom well , let 's do a special report on that ... I mean that 's news . jane I know what you mean . tom what I do not know , I can learn and what I know , nobody can teach . Excuse I for say it about myself , but I think it 's true . ( old habit ) what do you think ? ( catch himself ) never mind what you think . they look at each other . jane you be lucky I come after you so you get that off you ... tom yes , I be . thanks . I mean it . jane it 's okay . ticket agent Sir ? the pressure begin to bend Jane 's resolve . jane so you have a extra bathing suit , huh ? tom ( wary but hopeful ) you want to come ? jane ( totally open ) it 's just that one of the few thing I be not confuse about be what I be say downstairs , that ... tom ( give up -- sadly , finally ) then you should stay here . jane ( softly ) it 's better when you let I say it . he hug she . now that it 's over , they can each openly care for each other . while in the embrace : tom take it easy . jane why do I have to do this to myself ? watch you take off . ( then ) call I if you need anything . he kiss she lightly -- look at she ... then heartfelt : tom oh , honey . he walk to the people eater and get on , still hold he paper bag of bathing suit . the bus pull away . on jane watch he go . jane's p.o.v. Tom stand at the front window of the bus -- frame very much as he be when on television . int . airport taxicab - day Jane get quickly into cab . cabbie good morning . jane good morning . ( after collect herself ) Dupont Circle , please . the cab pull away . jane do not take the beltway , because at this time of day there 's gonna be a lot ... ( stop herself , then ) ... go any way you want . she sit back in the seat ( contain herself ) before finally and quietly add what she know to be true : jane but New York Avenue 's faster . fade out : fade in : ext . convention CENTER - day much the same place where Jane and Tom first meet . the word " seven yeas later " appear on the screen . a sign off to one side tell we it 's the annual meeting of the local Television broadcaster ... and that at 2 p.m. Tom grunick will be speak on " responsibility of broadcast journalism for the ' 90 . " int . auditorium - day much the same audience , though two member of the audience may strike particular interest -- curly haire man see from behind hold a similarly curly haire five - year-old . Tom be in mid-speech . tom ... when they tell I Bill have decide to retire and offer I the even News , I think it be the same kind of joke we use to pull back at the station -- turn off somebody 's prompter in the middle of a show . some good - nature laughter . tom ( cont would ) and then when they hear my reaction -- they think I be kid . I tell they I would be they anchor but I do not want to be the manage editor -- that there be people better qualified than I to control the content and if there be not we be all in trouble . the audience really enjoy this : same scene -- some minute later moving shot ... the anchor team -- lean forward . they love this man , a humble specialist refuse the generalist trap . imagine the feel -- you see , on the top of the mountain , a man not unlike yourself . tom and now to something more important ... I would like to introduce my bride . ( gesture to a woman in the front row ) lila ? a svelte , classic , warm beauty get to she foot . on curly haire man and boy ... Aaron and he son as Aaron crane for a look at Mrs. grunick . int . auditorium - stage area - moment later Tom and lila shaking hand . Aaron , he son in he arm , wait . on tom as he see Aaron ... he be clearly delighted . tom Holy shit , Aaron . he clap he on the back ... Aaron be as pleased as he be uncomfortable with the attention . tom lila -- this be Aaron altman . lila ( high british accent ) oh , yes -- you be one of Tom 's 50 or so role model . aaron hi. tom well , this kid could not possibly belong to anyone else . what 's you name ? boy clifford ... aaron ( indicate Tom ) do you know who this be , cliff ? boy the big joke ? Tom look at he -- Aaron give he son a disciplinary nudge . aaron I be just bring he over to give Jane a look at he -- tom I think she would be here . I will go with you . aaron okay . tom ( to lila ) I will see you back at the hotel . lila ( cool ) all right . he start off . she pull he back for a urgent communication . lila Tom , the speech be magnificent . aaron oh , I do not say anything about you speech . tom I appreciate it . int . walkway - day Tom , Aaron and the boy walk along . Tom play with cliff as they move . the boy be delighted . Jane be in a park -- a blanket spread out -- she be wear short and a top -- she have some wine and a small picnic -- a toy for clifford . she hear she name be call . on jane shield she eye from the sun -- now make out Tom . as they reach she . jane ( to herself ) well , why not ? ( as they arrive ) hey , what be this ? my life 's rush in front of my eye . tom a picnic ? jane I think for ol ' cliff here -- look at you ? you be more adorable than you picture . look what I get for you . she hand he a toy . aaron what do you say , cliff ? the boy kiss Jane 's hand . aaron he excel at gratitude . tom ( to Jane ) be you any closer to a decision ? jane I think so ... they have be talk to I about be Tom 's manage editor . aaron really ? jane ( to Tom ) I be go to take it . tom what a great surprise . I do not think we have a chance . I hear you want to stay in Washington . jane well , there 's a guy , but he say he will fly up a lot . tom well , we should talk . you go to have time for dinner ? I would like you to meet lila . jane I be sorry because I be look forward to that , but I ' m go back in a few hour . tom okay ... it 's so good to see you . she give he a quick kiss . he shake hand with Aaron . tom ( to Aaron ) it 's nice to see you . aaron congratulation on history 's longest win streak . tom if you ever get restless in Portland , let I know . aaron why ? Tom shuffles uncomfortably . on jane smiling , appreciate Aaron 's attitude toward a blandishment of the powerful . tom ( to Jane as he leave ) bye ...boss . Tom walk away . he 's a good twenty yard away when Aaron look up to see he son run after Tom . aaron ( call ) hey ! cliff ! cliff ! Tom now notice the boy , lean down and pat he . tom ( to clifford ) go back to you daddy . the boy start back . aaron come on , cliff . come on . as clifford run back to he father , Aaron sit next to Jane . aaron ( to Jane ) so who 's the guy ? jane well , we meet about three month ago . he work at the surgeon general office . he love boat . so , he 's be get I into water ski . Aaron laugh at the very notion of Jane find water sport a lure . Jane deliberately move past this moment . jane I like it ! so , doll , what about you lately ? aaron well -- my wife get this new job ... he continue to talk . as the two former colleague catch up , they ease return , if not they intimacy , as the frame lock and the scene slowly recede into a black b.g. and we ... fade out .