brokeback mountain a screenplay adapted from a Annie proulx Story by Larry mcmurtry and diana ossana February 1 , 2003 ext : highway : night ( near dawn ) : 1963 : # cattle truck , run empty , top a ridge on a lonely western highway . to the east , the first faint flush of light . across the plain , perhaps yet some twenty mile away , a . sprinkle of light like fall star on the vast dark plain . the truck roar on . int : truck cab : night : continuous : it be lighter now , but the light be high , and the plain still mainly dark , the light of signal , Wyoming vivid , closer now , perhaps five mile ahead . patsy cline 's " walkin ' apter midnight " on the radio . the trucker , inscrutable , barrel on . cabin be hazy with cigarette smoke . in profile , we see the passenger take a old mashed - up stetson off the dashboard . this be ennis del mar : not yet twenty , but nonetheless compelling , not light or frivolous in disposition , appearance or manner , uncommonly guick reflex - - a high -school drop - out country boy with no prospect , bring up to hard work and privation , rough - mannered , rough -spoken , inure to the stoic life . have outgrown he fade denim cowboy shirt , he wrist stick well out of the sleeve , the button gap . ennis ( straighten the crease of the hat , set it on he head ) that 's signal , be not it ? trucker ( no conversationalist ) be the last time I come this way . ennis look straight ahead at the light . ext : MAIN STREET : signal , wyoming : day ( later ) : lighter still , the truck stop with a screech of air brake in front of a service station just open for the day . a old man be relling a tractor tire as big as he be into the garage . ennis step out of the truck , no suitcase , just a grocery sack stuff with he only other shirt and pair of Levi 's . {continued } not continued : the truck move again , almost before he hit the ground , spraying he with dust . tall , raw - bone , lanky , possess of a muscular , supple body make for the horse and for fight -- he stretch , look at the old man , who look back at he sourly . one of ennis be boot heel be wear , have to adjust for the turn of the heel as he walk . no one in sight on the street of signal . after a moment , carry he sack , ennis walk over to the old man , who be balance the tractor tire against a pillar . ennis ' scuse I . mightin ' you tell I where the farm and ranch employment Office be at ? old man {not as sour as he look , point ) in that there trailer house . Three block down . you will see it . ennis nod , tip he hat , start off . old man do not let that goddamn Joe aguirre send you up to brokeback without no thirty - ought . there 's coyote and coyote up there , they will eat you damn sheep and you damn jackass , too . with a thirty - ought , you might hold you own . ennis , surprised by this torrent of word , clear he throat . ennis Sir ? the old man kick at the tractor tire a time or two , as if irritate it exist . look at ennis . old man where be you raise , bud ? ennis uh , Sage . old man why , that be not hardly in Wyoming , that 's nearly to Utah . you be not a damn mormon , be you ? ( continued ) we continued : ( 2 ) 3 ennis no , sir . I just never hear a no place call brokeback . the old man point to a long , barren mountain to the north , its upper reach mile away , reach well above the tree line . old man do not you let that damn Joe aguirre send you up there with no twenty - two . coyotes do not mind a twenty - two . make sure he give you a thirty - ought . too much talk for ennis , who nod he thanks . look up at the mountain as he walk off . ext : signal , wyoming : trailer : day : 4 the sun be full up , though it be still early . a gentle breeze whistle . ennis sit on the step of a dingy trailer house , a crooked sign above the door say farm and ranch employment agency . smoke , wait . see a old green pickup with a bad muffler approach , and ennis become aware that the muffler be not the pickup 's only problem . it cough , sputter , rattles from several juncture as it pulis into the gravel parking lot of the agency and die . the driver sit a moment in the driver 's seat , then get out and slam the door of the pickup in disgust , look at it much as the old man have look at the tractor tire . this be jack twist : like ennis , a rough country boy with little education , but somewhat different in appearance and attitude , a little less stoic , a little more of a dreamer . more welcoming , appeal , with a quick laugh . nineteen , not as tall as ennis , more compact and muscular , thick , dark hair , wear jeans , bullrider 's belt buckle , fade shirt , stubbly beard , straw cowboy hat , boot wear to the quick . do not notice ennis -- the step of the trailer house be still in shade . but when he do , he stiffen a little -- look at he -- look away . then the two ignore one another completely . ext : signal , wyoming : trailer : day ( later ) = 5 eight a.m . the wind have pick up considerably . ( continued } of > continued : jack attempt to shave use he rearview mirror , a 25 - cent razor and water in a paper cup . painful work , but keep at it , scraping away at he stubble . pickup radio play johnny Cash 's '' I walk the line '' . a old white buick stationwagon race along a street congest with pickup pull horse trailer . the stationwagon whip into the parking lot , throw dust over jack , who hastily conclude he shave operation . the stationwagon stop about two foot from the step of the trailer office , as ennis jump up to get out of the way . the driver , joe aguirre , middle - age , stocky , no fool , hair the color of cigarette ash and parte down the middle , foam dice hang from the rearview , get out . then reach back in for a oversize container of coffee . joe glare at ennis , then jack , as he head for the trailer office door . neither boy move . joe go inside . door slam . ennis stick he big raw hand in he pocket . jack consider check under he hood . joe aguirre ( stick he head out the door ) if you pair a deuce be lookin’ for work , I suggest you get you ass in here , pronto . ennis pick up he grocery sack of clothes . look over at jack . head inside . jack follow . the door forcefully slam behind they . int : trailer office : day : continuous : dusty , choky little trailer office . venetian blind hang askew , the one desk litter with papers , the bakelite ashtray fill with butt , only one chair for guest . a pair of binocular hang from a nail in the wall behind aguirre be desk . neither ennis nor jack sit . ennis smoke . in the background , a small , old black - and - white tv play a news story about then - President Kennedy . joe aguirre , in he swivel chair , give they he point of view . ( continued ) wo @. continued : joe aguirre Forest service get designate campsite on the allotment . they camp can be 3 , 4 mile from where we pasture the woolly . bad predator loss if there 's nobody lookin ' after ‘em at night . ( drag on a cigarette ) what I want nlook at ennis} be a camp tender in the main camp where the Forest service say , but the herder ... ( point at Jack ) -.- pitch a pup tent on the q.t. with the sheep , and he 's goin a sleep there . eat supper , breakfast in camp , but sleep with the sheep , hundred percent , no fire , do not leave no sign . Roll up that tent every mornin ' case Forest service snoops around . ennis be balance a long ash on he cigarette , consider the ashtray which be overflow onto joe be paperwork , finally just tap it into he hand . phone ring . joe pick it up . listen . frown . joe aguirre ( cont would ) no . no . not on you fuckin ' life . ( hang up , resume ) get the dog , you 30/ 30 , sleep there . last summer have goddamn near 25 % loss . do not want that again . you ... ( point at ennis - - take he in ) +++ Fridays noon be down at the bridge with you grocery list and mule . somebody with supplies will be there in a pickup . joe stub he cigarette in the over- full ashtray , grab a cheap round watch on a braid cord from a box on a high shelf , wind it , set it , while jack and . ennis look on . toss it to ennis as if he 's not worth the reach . joe aguirre {cont would } tomorrow mornin 's we will truck you up to the jump -off . pick up the phone . pause . look at they hard . awkward : they realize they be dismiss . {continued ) a '' a continued : ( 2 } leave . ennis have to stoop to get cut the door . ext : signal , wyoming : trailer : day : continuous : the door to the trailer slam shut behind they . jack walk down the three step outside the trailer . ennis stop , stand on the lowest step of the trailer , look around at the bleak surroundings . jack smile , stick out he hand . jack Jack twist . ennis ( shake hand ) ennis . a beat . jack you folk just stop at ennis ? ennis ( after a moment ) Del mar. jack Nice to know you , ennis Del Mar . since we be gonna be work together , I reckon it 's time we start drinkin’ together . ennis look at the watch aguirre give he : we see it 's eight thirty . ennis nod to jack . int : bar : morning : the barroom be large and cavernous . all the chair be stack upside - down on the table . it 's empty except for a bartender and waitress , both middle - age . the husky bartender stand behind the bar and stock bottled beer into the cooler . the skinny , middle - age waitress clean ashtray in a sink . ennis and jack enter the dingy bar . sunlight burst into the dimly iit room , startling the bartender and the waitress . ernis and jack wait a moment for they eye to adjust to the darkness . ( continued } or 7 . @ 8 continued : g bartender ( annoyed ) we be not open ' till ten . jack ( friendly ) I and my partner here , we get we a summer 's worth a drinkin ' to do today . reckon we be gonna need that extra hour . bartender ( repeat ) told you ... we open at ten . the waitress glare at the bartender . waitress aw , lay off ‘em , royce . they be just button . royce shrug . waitress @ ( cont no -- friendly , too ) you boy have a seat . jack and ennis take they seat at the bar . ennis light up a smoke . the waitress finish drying a ashtray on she apron . place it in front of ennis . waitress now then , what will you have ? jack Bud , please . ennis bud. 9 int : bar : day ( later ) : 9 ennis and jack still sit at the bar , each nurse a longneck . ennis peel the label from he bottle . a few empty sit in front of jack . jack e my second year up here . last year one storm the lightnin ' kilt 42 sheep . eo ( shake he head ) think I would asphyxiate from the smell . we need to take plenty of whiskey , for ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 8 when the lightnin’ start . ( drink ) the waitress arrive . frown , look pointedly at ennis be bottle , still half - full . waitress ( to ennis ) you drinkin’ that beer , or be you plannin ' a grow flower in it ? ennis look embarrassed , be about to say something , but jack speak first . jack ( to waitress ) tell you what , mar 'am , you just keep linin ' ‘em up . waitress smile . walk off . ennis ( in a low voice ) I be not get but a buck and some change . jack you drink up . in 1ll worry ' bout the tab . jack and ennis chug they beer , slam the bottle on the bar . waitress return with two open beer . waitress that 's more like it . waitress give each boy he fresh beer . gather the empty , and leave . ennis what be you sayin ' ' bout lightnin ' ? jack it smoke some sheep . aguirre get all over my ass like I be suppose to control the weather . ( drink ) beat workin ' for my old man . can not please my old man , no way . that 's why I take to rodeoin 's . {proudly knock he rodeo belt buckle ) ever rodeo ? ( continued | 3 10 ik continued : ( 2 ) 9 ennis ( reserve ) once in a while , when I can afford the entry fee . jack you from ranching people ? ennis I be . jack folk run you off ? ennis ( stiff ) no . they run themselves off . one curve in the road in 43 mile , and they miss it . kill ‘em both . ( drink ) Bank take the ranch . brother and sister raise I , mostly . jack shit . that 's hard . ( yell to waitress ) two shot of whiskey , right quick . int : pickup truck : night : 10 jack sleep in he old pickup , slump against the door . ennis , in the passenger seat , wide awake , smoke , gaze through the steam window into the darkness . int : pickup truck : morning : will we see they pull out of signal in a Agency pickup drive by a short , silent basque . ennis look hungover , hold he head . jack , though , be sharp and alert . they pass the gas station . ennis glimpsis the same sour old man , sit on the tractor tire . basque you bey need to stick close to they sheep . do not let ‘em stray . Joe will have you ass , if you do . jack friend , you worry ' bout the drivin’ . we will worry ' bout the sheep . ( continued ) 12 13 14 continued : ah Trey drive on in silence . ext : trailhead : brokeback mountain : 12 two sheeptruck and a couple of horsetrailer have unload at the trailhead to brokeback Mountain . they be high , but still in the tree . the bleat of a thousand sheep fill the air . the basque be show ennis how to properly pack a mule . deftly hitches on two pack , as ennis watch . jack be already norseback . several blue heeler circle the sheep . basque only thing , do not never order soup . ( spit ) they box of soup be hard to pack . ennis do not eat soup . jack come riding up with a blue heeler pup tuck inside he coat . ennis that horse look like it 's get a low startle point . might throw you and that pup both . jack ( cocky ) I doubt there 's a horse in this string that can throw I . let 's get , ' less you wanna stand here and tie knot all day . exp : brokeback mountain : day : be e the thousand sheep , the dog , the horse , jack and ennis and the pack mule slowly flow out above the tree line , into the vast flowering meadow of the mountainside . we linger on this trek for a bit , as the sheep spread out onto the expansive treeless plain , nothing in sight but sky and land , high cloud . the grass wave in the endless , coursing wind . ext : brokeback mountain : day : sunset : 14 from a distance , the sound of sheep . ( continued ) 15 16 li . continued : 1 oe sack tend the fire . drink from a whiskey bottle . ennis , thorough and relentless about he chore , finish set up the tent . sit down next to jack on the edge of the platform as a vast sunset turn the sky orange . pass a bottle of cheap whiskey back and forth . jack ( bitching ) that Joe aguirre , ' sleep with the sheep , no fire ' . shit . ( drink ) can not wait ' till I get my own spread , will not have to put up with he shit no more . ennis I be savin ' for a place myself . I and alma , we will be gettin ' marry when i come down off this mountain . ( drink ) you goin ' up with the sheep ? jack not tonight . tomorrow . that Joe , he 's get no business havin ' we do something ' that 's against the rule . ext : brokeback mountain : day : early morning : 15 jack saddle up , in a pale world . the mountain , mist , be the color of smoke , the high , grassy plain invisible . ennis clean the breakfast plate by the fire . jack mount he bay mare . she crow-hop a little ; he keep she under control . ride off , ennis watch he go . ext : brokeback mountain : day : montage : 16 a . we see jack tend the sheep , a blustery day , the wind comb the grass , draw from the slit reck a bestial groan . B. ennis cooking dinner , band pebble and crumb of soil casting pencile shadow in the late afternoon light . { continued } 17 18 19 20 yz . continued : de c. ennis riding up to the sheep , where jack sit napping . D. jack riding back to camp , dusk -- shoot at a coyote , miss . E. ennis clean pot and pan , in a mountain stream . f. ennis and jack eat around the campfire , the rear lodgepole pine below they mass in slab of somber malachite . G. jack saddle up , leave camp . turn back to enwis . jack no more bean . ennis nod . ext : brokeback mountain : ennisn camp : day : 1 ? ennis sit on the edge of the platform smoking , look acress the great gulf of seemingly endless plain and see jack , a small dot move across a high meadow , as a insect move across a tablecloth . ext : brokeback mountain : day : late afternoon : 18 dusk on the mountain . jack ride around the sheep , he and the blue heeler bed they down . ext : brokeback mountain : jack camp : night : 19 jack , in he dark camp , light only by moonlight , see eknis as night fire , a red spark on the huge black mass of mountain . ext : brokeback mountain : bridge : noon : 20 ennis finish pack the two mule . step back , loox at the mule , and shake he head . the basque watch . basque something wrong ? ennis load seem light . where 's the powder milk and che spud ? ( continued ) ae ntitnantmnttr i3 . @ 20 continued : 20 basque all we have . the basque read through ennis be current list . basque {not look up from the list ) think you do not eat soup . ennis sick of bean . basque it 's way too early in the summer to be sick of bean . ennis ignore the basque be comment . the basque shrug , get in he truck . drive off . enwis mount he big rangy buckskin , cigar butt , and lead e the two mule back up the mountain . 21 ext : brokeback mountain : day : 21 ennis atop cigar butt , lead the two mule along the trail . brokeback Mountain loom in the distance , a eternal postcard . it be clear ennis enjoy the ride , the silence of the high country . whistles . round a bend -- cigar butt balk , spook , rear up : startles a small black bear in the middle of the trail , who , also scared , promptly run off into the wood . ennis be throw , land hard , roll on the recky ground . cigar butt race off the trail , pull the two mule along with he through the tree and the undergrowth , tear the supply pack , scatter food everywhere . a bag of flour break , create a white cloud . ennis sit up . his temple be cut and bleed profusely , bloed run down he cheek . e ennis get up , stiff and angry , follow the trail of food -- the break bag of flour , a carton of smashed egg -- to find he horse and mule . 22 23 4 . ext : brokeback mountain : camp : dusk : 22 jack be back from the flock , hangry , lock for nis meal . ennis be nowhere to be find . jack look in the tent . empty - jack shit . ny ue ext : brokeback mountain : camp : night : the campfire light flicker on jack be face as he finish off a can of bean . jack look around at the surround forest . know ennis would not lag ... be clearly worried . take a swig out of a whiskey bottle . get up , pace . we hear a twig snap : jack look up . we see ennis ride into camp atop cigar butt , dismount , somewhat obscure by the darkness . jack be more worried than angry , try to dissuise he concern with indignation . jack where the hell you be ? up with the sheep all day , I get down here , hungry as hell and all I find be bean .... Silent , ennis walk towards the tent , fire illuminate nis face . he sit on a log by the fire . we see the cut on he forehead , gape now , dry blood cover the whole side of he face . jack be startle by the sight of blood ail over ennis be cheek . cbck good God , ennis ... what happen ? ennis ( exhaust ) come on a bear . ( motion to cigar butt} horse spook . take off , pull the pack mule along . scatter food everywhere . ( beat ) bean ' bout all we get leave . ( continued ) 24 continued : jack hand a canteen to ennis , who slap it away . ennis whiskey . jack pick up the whiskey bottle and hand it to ennis . ennis grab the bottle , take a swig . jack remove the bandanna from around he neck , wad it up , take the whiskey from ennis , and pour some into the bandanna . raise the bandanna to ennis be forehead . a beat . jack hesitates ... awkward ... hand the bandanna to ennis . ennis take the bandanna and slowly dab it at the cut on he own temple . wince . jack wince , toc . jack shit . we be gonna have to do somethin’ ' bout this food situation . maybe I x11 shoot one a the sheep . ennis what if aguirre find out ? we be suppose a guard the sheep , not eat ‘em . jack what 's the matter with you ? there 's a thousand of ‘em . ennis T will stick with bean . jack I will not . ext : brokeback mountain : meadow : day : 24 we hear a rifle shot : ennis lower the 30/30 . we see a two - point buck , dead on the ground . jack , smile , whooping , stand behind he look in the direction ennis just fire . jack ooooeee ! meat on the table tonight ! ( continued } 25 be . the a continued : ennis be gettin’ tired a you missin ' . jrck let 's get a move on . can not let the Forest service catch we with not deer . ext : brokeback mountain : camp : dusk : 25 jack and ennis sit around the campfire , and eat the venison in silence . all we hear be they chew and chomping , and the crackle of the fire . ext : brokeback mountain : camp : late afternccn : 26 cack come lope in on he bay mare . dismount . head for a wet sack hang off a tent pole , pull out a beer , chug it , look irritate . jack {morose} i '' commutin ' four hour a day . come in for breakfast , go back to the sheep , evenin 's get ‘em bedd down , come in for supper , go back to the sheep , spend half the night checkin’ for damn coyote . nget a second beer , open it ) aguirre get no right a make I do this . ennis be at the fire , dish up supper . ennis ( hand Jack a plate ) you want @ switch ? I would not mind sleepin’ out there . jack ( take it ) ai not the point . Point be , we beth ought a be in this camp . and that goddamn pup tent smell like cat piss or worse . ennis ( again ) would not mind bein 's out there . jack nlook at he ) happy to switch , but give you warnin ' , I can not cook worth @ shit . { more } ( continued ) continued : ( pause ) good with a can opener , though . ennis ( eat ) can not be no worse than I , then . sure , I would not mind a do it . ext : brokeback mountain : ennis' camp : night : ennis pack a few biscuit and a jar of coffee onto he bi¢g rangy buckskin , cigar butt . mount . jack take he rifle in its saddle scabbard off he saddle , and hand it to ennis . jack wo not get much sleep , I will tell you shat . ennis , silent , take it and ride off across the frosty ground . uo ext : brokeback mountain : ennis' camp : evening : jack peel potato for dinner . ennis have only he jeans and boot on , no shirt , before a large basin of hot water , shave . ennis shot a coyote , big son of a bitch , ball on he size a apple . look like he could eat a camel . 'slosh he face ) you want some a this hot water ? jack {grins , shake he head ) it 's all yours . ennis pull off he boot -- no sock . pull off he jeans -- no underwear . slop the washcloth under he arm , between he leg . ts oo jack fix dinner , glance over at ennis now and chen through the smoke of a cigarette dangle from he mouth . impassive . e lg. ext : brokeback mountain : ennis' camp : night : '' ry oo ennis sit , supper finish , he back against a log , boo : sole to the fire , two empty bean can with spoon in they nearby , a few leftover fry potato . jack have just take a piss , be buttone he jeans , have trouble with he rodeo belt buckle . ennis finish roll a cigarette . take a deep swig from 4 whiskey bottle jack sit down next to ennis . jack be still struggle with he belt buckle . stands to adjust it . a creek gurgle nearby . ennis . do not rodeo much myself . only kind a ridin ' interest I last longer than eight second . what 's a point of ridin 's some piece a stock for eight second ? of jack money 's a good point . jack finally fix he buckle , again sit down next to eknis and grab the whiskey bottle . jack take a swig . ennis ( laugh for the first time since they have meet ) true enough , if you do not get stomp winnin’ it . jack my ol 's man be a bullrider , pretty well know in he day , though he keep he secret to himself . never teach I a thing . never once come e see I ride . jack reach over for a bean can . begins to scrape the last bean out of the bottom . jack ( cont would ) ( eat ) you brother and sister do right by you ? @ throw the empty can on the fire . ( continued ) ho 1d silence . jack look over at ennis , smile . ennis ( cont would ) «+ what ? jack friend , that 's more word than you have speak in the past two week . ennis smile , for the first time . ennis two week ? Hell , it 's the most I have speak in a year . ( remember ) my dad now , he be a fine calf roper . do not rodeo much , though . think rodeo cowboy be all fuck -up . jack the hell they be ! jack get up , do a pretend bull ride around the campfire , buck and twist . finally throw himself , collapse in a heap beside ennis . @ 29 continued : ennis do the best they could after my folk be go , considerin ' they do not leave we nothin ' but $ 24 in a coffee can . a beat . ennis be tongue loosen suddenly . ennis ( cont would ) ( cont would ) get I a year a high school before the transmission go on the pickup . my sis leave , marry a roughneck , move to casper . I and my brother get work on a ranch up near worland . he get marry last month , no room for I . that 's how come I to end up here . both be laugh so hard , they be almost cry . | @ 30 ext : brokeback mountain : night : 30 ennis ride into the night wind , through the glimmer frost back towards the sheep , happy . think he 's never have such {continued } 30 31 33 continued : 30 a good time , feel like he could paw the white out ef the mcon . look back , ss the light from the camp where jack sieen . ext : brokeback mountain : day : be we see jack and ennis , the dog , the sheep move higher up the mountain to new pasture . both horseback . jack lead the pack mule , ennis and the blue heeler lead the sheep . ir ny ext : brokeback mountain : dusk : we see they pitching a new camp , more primitive this time . no platform . jack and ennis be friendlier , more familiar with each other , laugh and jcke as they struggle with the tert . we oe ext : brokeback mountain : camp : night : the tent be a little lopsided , but finally tp . ennis be try to adjust a tent pole . jack be sit by the fire , play a slightly damage harmonica , squalling the old tex ritter rodeo tune , " bad brahma bull '' . a whiskey boctle sit next to he . ennis this tent do not look right . jack stop play , glance over at ennis and the tent . jack it be not goin ' nowhere . let it be. nstart up again on the harmonica ) ennis ( amused ) that harmonica do not sound quite right . jack that 's ' cause it get kinda flatten when that mare throw I . ennis I think you say that mare could not throw you . jack she get lucky . ( continued ) we ivey 34 tes ue continued : ennis if I be lucky , that harmonica woulda break in two . both laugh . ext : brokeback mountain : camp : night ( later ) : 34 drunker still , jack sing a pentecostal hymn , " '' water - wal 's ing jesus " , a sad , dirgelike rendition , cause coyote tc yip in the distance . cack ( put in word of final verse ) ( pause ) my mama , she believe in the pentecost . ennis exactly what be the pentecost ? ( pause ) my folk be Methodist . jack well , the pentecost ... ( realize he have no clue ) I do not know . I do not know what the pentecost be ... mama never explain it . ( pause ) I guess it 's when the world end and fella like you and I march off to hell . ennis . uh uh , speak for yourself . you may be a sinner , but I be not yet have the opportunity . they both laugh heartily , in a great mood . ext : brokeback mountain : night ( later still ) : we un the moon be full up , notched past two in the morning . ennis be cizzy drunk , on all four , struggle to stand . ennis ( weaving ) too late to go out a they damn sheep . ( pause ) you get a extra blanket , I all roll up out here and grab forty wink , ride out at first light . ( continued ) @ . tw bs not to or continued : gack {doubtful ) freeze you ass off when that fire die down . better off sleepin’ in the tent . ( stand up ) ennis doubt I will feel nothin ' .... but he stagger under the canvas , pull he boot off , falis asleep on the ground cloth . snore . sack follow , crawl inside he large bedroll . ext : brokeback mountain : camp : night ( yet later still ) : 36 coldest point of the night . ennis shiver , tooth chatter uncontrollably . jack {irritable , sleep -cloggec ) Jesus Christ , quit hammerin ' and get over here . bedroll 's big enough . ennis , too cold to protest , crawl inside . int : brokeback mountain : camp : tent : dark , just before dawn : 37 both be warm inside jack be bedroll . jack be wide awake now . ennis , on he back , be half - asleep - jack , tentative , take one of ennis 's big hand from outside the bedrell and guide ix inside , down toward he own groin . ennis , come full awake , realize where he hand be ... jerk it away as if he 's touch fire . as the following action occur , we pull away to the night landscape , and we only hear the sound -- the belt be unbuckled , rustle of jeans , ennis spitting , sharp intake of breath .... ennis raise up , get to he knee , unbuckle he belt , shove he pants down with one hand , use the cther to haul jack up on all four . jack do not resist . ennis spit in the palm of he hand , put it on himself . ( continued ) 3 3 ae oo g S continued : they go at it in silence , except for a few sharp intake cf breath . ennis shudder . then out , down , and the camera move back inside the tent , as both fail asleep . int : brokeback mountain : camp : tent : full light : 38 ennis be awake in a red dawn . jack be sound asleep . ennis have a top-grade headache , crawl out from under the bedroll , he pants around he knee . pull up he pants . go outside the tent . ext : brokeback mountain : camp : day : morning ( later ) : 39 ennis have just mount cigar butt . jack , fasten button , come cut of the tent just in time . jack see you for supper . ennis nod . leave . ext : brokeback mountain : meadow : day : 29 ennis be up with the flock , riding cigar butt , the blue heeler run and yipping at the sheep . the flock be graze . one dog begin to bark incessantly . ennis ride over to see what the ruckus be about and discover a shred sheep , clearly the victim of a coyote pack . a look of shame wash across ennis be face . ext : brokeback mountain : camp : day : 41 clear day . though it 's summer , there be a bite little wind . jack , wear only he boot , be do laundry . shiver . squat by the stream , carefully wring out bnnis be only other shirt , a denim button - up western - style shirt , and hang it on a long branch next to they combine wardrobe : three pair {continued } 43 44 45 continued : - a. of Levi 's , wwe shirc , two bandannas - - no unde ( neither wear sock or underwear ) . int / ext : brokeback mountain : camp : tent : night : 42 she . jack be in the ennis and jack be in the tent tog bedroll , ennis dress . ennis ( get up ) they coyote ' 1l feast if I do not head on back . ennis pull on he shirt in the small confines of the tent . scoot outside , pull on he boot , ready to head back to the flock . ext : brokeback : mountain : late afternoon : 43 ennis , something eat at he mind , sit atop cigar butt and ride along a ridge . ext : brokeback mountain : camp : dusk : . 4 & the set sun leave the sky ablaze in orange and purple . enkis ride into camp . jack stand when he see ennis . enris avcid he eye . ext : brokeback mountain : camp : night : 4s '' ack and ennis cutside , between a log and a blaze fire , have just finish what they have do the last few night inside the tent . ennis lean back against the log . Far below , we see the light of vehicle on a highway mile away , the car and truck crawl slowly across the plain . jack scoot up , lean back against the log , too . light a cigarette . a beat . ennis ( direct ) one shot thing we gct goin’ here . ( continued } @ 45 continued : 38 sack one shot thing . ( pause ) nobody 's business but ours . ennis {flat ) I be not no queer . jack ojump in too quickly ) I neither . ennis smoke . look up at the star . 46 ext : brokeback mountain : day : binocular Pov : continuous : 46 , we see the main camp on brokeback through a pair of binocular . Pan the camp . 9 horse , dog , then not quite in focus . focus sharpen : two men pull off they clothes , laugh , cut up . 47 ext : brokeback mountain : day : continuous : a7 we see the binocular belong to joe aguirre . he be horseback . look at he watch . raise the binocular -- look again -- lower they . it be clear from the expression on he face , that he do not like what he see . do not like it at all . 48 =xt : brokeback mountain : camp : afternoon : 48 jack be chopping firewood . aguirre come riding up . fix jack with a bold stare . @ joe aguirre twist , you uncle harold 's in the hospital with pneumonia . doc do not expect he ’1ll make it . { more ) } ( continued ) @ : 49 56 26 continued : 28 ( pause } you mar send I to tell you . so here = be . vack bad news . ai not much = can do about it up here , I guess . joe aguirre ( hard ilook ) ai not much you can do down there neither . not unless you can cure pneumonia . glare at jack . raise binocular , look in the direction of the meadow , towards ennis . lower the binocular and shoot another stern look at jack . turn , ride off . ext : brokeback mountain : camp : night : 49 the wind be pick up . ennis and jack be gather dish , blanket , try to grab they gear before it blow away . the side of the tent begin to buck and pitch . then hailstone begin to pepper down . jack shit ! they both scramble inside the tent , pull the flap , but the wind whip it back open . the tent be pop so hard now it seem as if it might blow away . ennis ( look out } they sheep 'il drift if I do not get back there tonight . jack ( above the wind } you will get pitch off you mount in a storm like this , wish you have not try it . nothin 's you can do now . ext : brokeback mountain : day : 5o a grim , grey morning . ennis and jack , both mount , the blue heeler at attention . glum , lock at a huge mass of milling sheep . ( continued ) 27 . e 50 continved : 50 ‘twenty yard away , two chilean sheepherder be look just as glum at the huge mix herd , gesture wildly . ennis what be we gonna do ? sack want to impress ennis . jack I can handle this . jack , puffed up like a banty rooster , ride to the chilean sheepherder . ennis sit on cigar butt and curse under he breath . jack {cont would ) ( bluff the chilean ) hey there ! you boy get you herd all mix in with ours . my boss 's gonna chew my ass , and you get some fuckin ' explainin ' the do ! chilean sheepherder eo écual es su prolema ? 2 que ~ dice ? jack ( surprised ) English ... do not one a you talk English ? chilean sheepherder é que '' ? the chilean look puzzle : neither speak English . jack be embarrassed , realize he scene of bravado have fail completely . jack ( yell back to ennis ) you speak Spanish ? ennis ( shake he head -- look at the mess of sheep ) ++-sonofabitch .... jack {to the chilean ) @ tell you what , I and my partner here , we be gonna go cut out we sheep . that okay with you ? ( continued } 51 s2 28 . wo oo continued : ( 2 ) the chilean sheepherder look at jack , then each ovher , confuse . ext : brokeback mountain : day : 51 windy , gritty , cloudy weather . ennis , jack , the blue heeler and the two chilean work in a confusion of sheep and dust , try to separate the two herd that have mix . jack ( held a sheep , try to leok at its paint brand , which be faint at best ) Christ , half the gcddamn paint brand be wear off . ennis ( try to edge a pitiful little grcup of sheep out of the main herd ) we gotta try , at least we can get the count right for aguirre . jack fuck acuirre . ennis ( frustrated , make a point ) fuck aguirre ? what if we need a work for he again ? we get a stick this out . jack do not respond . leans down , examine the paint brand again . ennis resume the weary task of separate out the rest of they herd , ext : brokeback mountain : day : 52 jack and ennis be herd of sheep , reconstitute as best they can , move along the high treeless slope of brokeback Mountain , keep in order and in motion by the dog . jack , in a better mood now , be doodling on he harmonica . tries to play hank Williams 's '' kaw - liga . '' ennis ( tolerant , smile ) you will run the sheep off again if you do not quiet down . { continued ) un ty 53 54 29 . continued : jack xeeps play . ext : brokeback mountain : day : 53 ennis crawl out of the pup tent , shiver . a foot of snow cover a extraordinarily beautiful plein . but the sun be up , gleam brilliantly off the snow , which be already beginning to melt . ext : brokeback mountain : MAIN camp : day : 54 ennis lope into camp on cigar butt . there be only a few patch of snow leave here and there . jack be busily pack gear . jack aguirre show up again . say my uncle do not die after all . ( pause ) say bring them down . ennis ( not sure he 's hear right ) bring ‘em down ? jack say there 's another storm comin’ , movin ' in from the Pacific . {pause} worse than this one . ennis why , it 's the middle of August . that snow barely stick a hour . jack ( grim ) he 's the boss , ennis . I be not . ennis dismount . ext : brokeback mountain : camp : morning : 55 they vent be strike , camp gear pile high . ennis and jack , boot off , pants on and shirt unbuttone , be wrestle , two boy at horseplay . ennis be only half - p-ay , tense . jack be try to lighten he mood . { continued ) 56 é 58 3e . continued : ennis slip , try to avoid a hold , and jack accidentally knee he in the nose . blood pour , get on beth of then . ewnis jump to he foot . jack immediately get up , trie stanch the blood come from ennis 's nose with he own sh sleeve , anc ennis cold - cock he in the jaw , cause jack tc stagger back and fall on he ass . jack look up at ennis , rub he jaw , too stunne to say anything . ennis look down at he , wiping he bloody rise on he deniz sleeve , furious and despair all at once , more emotion stir in he than he know what to do with . turn , pick up he saddle . wo 6 ext : broreback mountain : plain : day : they train the sheep down the iong slope , toward the tree and the wait truck . ennis feel like he 's in a slow -motion , but headlong , irreversible fall . the boy ride together , side by side , each too swollen with feel to speak . ext : signal , wyoming : sheep pens : day : 57 joe aguirre , stern and not pleased , walk amid the milling sheep , look they over . the boy watch from the fence . joe aguirre ( come over ) some a this never go up there with you , ( pause , hard lcok ) the count be not what I would hope for , neither . you ranch stiff be not never no good .... tae boy shift uncomfortably . no response . ext : signal , wyoming : STREET : day : 58 relentless wind , hard and cold , snow flurry . ennis and jack stand awkwardly by jack ' S old green pickup . jack have the door open , one foot on the run board . Big bruise come up on he taw from where ennis punch he . ( continued } continued : 58 ennis , distract , rifle through a paper sack with he clothes . ennis . {to himself ) -+. can not believe I leave my damn shirt up there .... a beat . a dust plume rise and haze the air with fine grit . jack ( squint ) you gonna do this again next summer ? ennis ( stop look through the bag ) maybe not . ( pause ) like I say , alma and I 's gettin’ marry in December . be tryin 's to get semethin ' on a ranch . ( pause ) e you ? jack I might come back , if nothin ' better come along . think some about go back up to my daddy 's place , give hima hand over the winter , then maybe head out for Texas in the spring . {tries for a weak smile ) ii the draft do not get I . the wind tumble a empty feed bag down the street until it fetch up under jack be truck . ennis well , see you around , I guess . jack right . they shake hand , hit each other on the shoulder . jack get in he pickup , adjust the rearview mirror . drive away . you co. ue a ennis put he hand in he pocket , watch he go . stands there in the wind ; it have begin to spit snow . jack be pickup be soon out of sight . { continued ) 59 60 32 . ue ow continued : ( 2 ) he start across the street toward a bar , bet tust before he get to the door , jack be leave prove too much : he feel like someone 's pull he gut out , hand over hand , 4 yard at a time . he stumble into a alley , drop to he knee in the & new snow . kneel there , silent , as pain , long , lone overpower he , emotion stronger than he 's ever feel for another person consume he : he feel as bad and confuse as he ever have in he life . punch the wall , bloody both he knuckle , he eye fill with angry , sting tear . % cowboy pass the alley . pause , look at ennis . ennis clare at he . ennis ( growl ) what the fuck you lookin ' at ? tne cowboy move on . int : wyoming : church : day : 59 ennis and alma -- small woman , pretty , sweet - look , young , big hair - - at the altar . in a little pine box of a church . a few cowboys , ennis' RAW - boned sister and brother , alma' little parent and litile grandmother . ewnis in @ new lavi 's jacket and a bolo tie , nervously adjust he collar . alma in a j.c . penney 's wedding dress , happy . ext : wyoming : highway : winter : day : i964 : 60 ennis and alma be in ennis 's truck , spin donut in a parking lot . the truck be slide this way and that on the icy snow . alma squeal in delight ; ennis whoops it up . ennis be truck skid into a snowbank . he and alma sit in the front seat laugh . the tinny radio play Roger Miller 's '' dang I . " ennis i'm gonna have to get cut and push . you scoot cver and gas it when I say . alma how ' bout you stay right there , and I scoot over on you lap . ( continued ) 33 . continued : alma slide over onto ennis be lap , she leg across the seat . they kiss . ext : wyoming : highway : spring : day : ennis , in a dozer-cap , shovel asphalt behind a asphalt dumper . sweat bloom from he T-shirt collar . sagebrush stall along the highway , sway in the hot wind . ennis be co-worker , timmy , a fat , bespectacle , annoyingly loguacious middle - age man with a bad case of plumber 's butt , work alongside he . talk incessantly . timmy my old lady 's tryin' to get I to quit this job , say I be gettin’ too old a be dein 's this . ( self -deprecate ) I tell she strong back and weak mind run in my family . do not think that be too funny . ( laugh ) I tell she keep I fit . for huntin ' , anyways ... ennis shovel . timmy ( cont would ) .-.47 different species in wyomin ' alone . be tellin ' Pat , 'no I be not gonna eat they , no way , mushroom be poison , 's but he keep at I .... road boss approach . timmy shot up . road boss pick it up , boy . ( to timmy ) Del Mar can not work a shovel and listen to you damn yammerin’ , too . timmy shut up . ennis , impassive , spit , wipe the sweat from he brow . continue to shovel . 62 63 64 ext : riverton , wyoming : drive - in : night : 62 we see ennis and alma at che drive - in . eat popccrn . Paul newnan in " hud " be on the movie screen . alma have she head cn ennis be shoulder . ennis have he arm around she . she cuddle in closer . he kiss she . ext : signal , wyoming : early summer : day : 63 jack drive through town in he truck , which rattles and sputter louder than ever . drum he finger on the steering wheel in time to '' fade love " by Bob will ané he Texas playboys , which blare from he fuzzy radio . eye the sidewalk and dilapidate storefront , as if look for someone : ennis . nothing , just a skikny kid on a bike be blow around by the wind , and two old women pull they grocery cart . jack park in the dirt lot of the farm and ranch emplcyme % trailer , dust and fine gravel pelting he truck 's window like hail . stare at the door of the trailer from inside he truck . exit the truck , stretch . the wind almost blow he hat efi , but he catch it . walk to the trailer , hold he hat on he head , squinting . int : trailer house : signal , wyoming : day : 64 joe aguirre , sit with he foot on he desk , fiipping through @ newspaper , chew on a toothpick . a cigarette smolder in the ashtray . jack enter the trailer , the door slam behind he . asuirre look up , disgust and annoyed . soe aguirre ncontinue read the newspaper ) well , look what the wind blow in . jack howdy , Mr. aguirre. ( uncomfortable beat ) ( more ) {continued } a rarr continued : wonderin’ ' if you be needin ' any help this summer ? jge aguirre wastin 's you time here . jack you be not get nothin’ ? aguirre do not leok up . jack ( cont would ) ( cont would ) nothin 's up on brokeback ? joe aguirre ( look up from the paper ) I be not get no work for you . aguirre stare coolly at jack . no nonsense . a awkward moment : jack finger the brim of the hat in he hand , look as if he want to say something mote . start for the door . pause , turn back to aguirre . jack ennis Del Mar be not be in , have he ? aguirre glare at he even harder . the wind hit the trailer like a load of dirt come off a dump truck , ease , die , eave a temporary silence . joe aguirre you boy sure find a way to make the time pass up there . jack give he a look , then see the big binocular hang on a nail on the wall behind aguirre 's head . joe aguirre ( cont would ) twist , you guy be not getztin ' pay to leave the dog baby - sit the sheep while you stem the rise . {pause --look hard at jack ) get the hell out of my trailer . ext : signal , wyoming : trailer : day : 65 jack step out of the trailer . the door slam shut behind he . jack lcok out over the harsh landscape , the wind blow right through he . ( continued ) a you 65 67 36 . continued : es get in he truck . sit there for a moment , take in the last scene . ext : del mar ranch house : day : 1966 : 66 shoz of a little line cabin on a vast , high plain ranch . the little house be so alone it look as if it sit at the edge of the world . windy , bitter cold . alma , a toddler girl on she hip , wait at the screen door . _ see ennis be pickup , pull a herse trailer , approach -- it be a dot on @ long , long road . alma look lonely , pretty , though dowdily dress . int : bedrcom : del mar ranch house : night : 67 ennis be sit on the bed , unbuttone he shirt . a scatter of cheap toy on the floor . from the next room , we hear the baby cough and wheeze . flicker of a tv from the corner of the room . . int : children' bedroom : del mar ranch house : night : 68 ennis walk over to the bassinet where baby francine be wheeze and cough . he pick up francine and cradle she . two-year- old alma jr. get out of she little bed and toddle over to she daddy , hug he leg as he rock francine . ennis ( to alma jr. , patting she hair ) you get back in bed now , darlin‘ . alma jr. mind she daddy . waddy back to she bed and crawl under the cover . ennis put francine , who have stop cough , back intc she bassinet and walk over to alma JR . ennis ( cont would ) you be a good girl for you mama tomorrow , and i'll take you into town this weekend and gst you a ice cream . ennis kiss she forehead and walk back to he bedroom . 37 . int : bedroom : del mar ranch house : night : 59 alma , cute and at she most seductive , come and sit by ennis , wrap she sxinny arm around he . alma Girls alright ? ennis ( nod ) francine stop she coughin' . I tell alma dr. we would go into town this weekend . alma ennis , can not we move to town ? ( pause --study he ) I be tired of this lonesome old ranch . I '' scairt for the baby . scairt to be this far from the clinic . what if she have one a they bad asthma spelis ? ennis nslip he hand up she blouse sleeve ) it guess . alha you could work the road crew again . ennis we will have to talk ' bout that . alma there 's a little apartment for rent in riverton . it 's over the laundrymat , so it 's probably cheap . I bet I could fix it up real nice . alma Jr. 's two now , she need to be in town , close to other kid . ennis touch she breast , then move he hand downward . ennis I get no objection , long as it 's cheap and I do not hafta do the laundry . hug he hard , as she become excited . begins to squirm against he hand . they kiss . then ennis rolis she over . ( continued ) ~! 38 . continued : es ; alma .-ennis ..-. her backside be face he . do quickly to she what he have do with jack . we sef she face : she hate this , but do not protest . ext : SMALL town arena : summer night : to a cowboy come fly off a brahma bull . only when he hit the ground do we realize it 's jack . Hit hard , turn he ankle . the bull , angry , slebber , be right on top of he . jack roll , can not get up -- then the rodeo clown come jump in at the last second , distract the bull , lead he sefeiy past jack . the bull nearly trample the rodeo clown . int : bar : summer niget ( later ) : 7 d the rodeo clown , a appeal ycung man with something of the college athlete about he , have wipe off most of he clown make -up . have just order a beer . jack , across the bar , batter , bedraggy -- watch he , as the bartender be about to bring the clown he beer , jack limp over and hand the bartender some bill . bartender and clown look surprised . bartender what 's this for ? jack like to buy jimbo a beer , that 's what . best rodeo clown I ever work with . ( to the bartender ) be about to get my oil check with a horn dipstick . would have , have not be for jimbo . bartender be that right ? okay , then ... ( cortirued } 39 . st oo conpinced : jimbo ( firmly , before the money change hand ) no thanks , cowboy . if I be to let ever rodeo hand I pull a bull off of buy I liguor I no be a alcoholic long age ... jack stand close to he shoulder . there be something , a bit of frisson , a vibe , that give the clown a uneasy feel ... although he remain perfectly friendly ... take he beer , stand up . jimbo ( cont would ) pull bull off you buckaroos be just my job . save you money for you next entry fee , cowboy . jack ( awkward ) all right then ... thanks anyway . watch jimbo walk over , sit down with a table full of calf - roper , all of they wear piggin-strings over they shoulder like bandolier . bartender ( see it all ) ever try calf-roping ? jack do I look like I could afford a fuckin’ ropin ' horse ? Hell no , I be not never try calf-ropin’ . jack , deflate and embarrassed , look over at jimbo ... sit down at the bar . drink . 72 ext : riverton park : FOURTH of JULY : night : 72 ennis , alma , alma jr. and francine . alma spread a blanket on the ground , prepare to settle she family in to watch the firework . we see other riverton citizen set up , a few assort rowdy drink beer , family , couple relax near the del mar family . other child with they parent play nearby . ennis we shculd move closer . ( continued ) continued : 2 alma let 's do not , francine will get scared . a marching band strike up a tinny , slightly off - key rendition of '' the batile hymn of the republic . " alma jr. crawl onto she daddy 's lap . ennis nsettle she down ) here we go , darlin’ . two biker approach a area just behind the del mar family . around the same age as ennis . biker # 1 have a few tooth miss . biker # 2 limp , drag a club-foot . each carry a half - empty bottle of liquor . loud , profane , already drunk . sit themselves down on the grass behind ennis and he family . biker # 1 + + ethat skanky bitch fuck around on I , I be gonna siap she good . biker # 2 .-- would not put up with that shit I be you .... alma shoot ennis a nervous lock . ennis take a deep breath ... turn , look over he shoulder at the two drunk ~ ennis {not confrontational ) you boy wanna keep it down ? I get two little girl here . biker#1l fuck yout indignant , they glare at ennis , as the first of the firework sheet into the sky , explode in air in sync with the verse , '' ... bomb burst in air ... " , beginning the show . alma ( grab ewnis be arm ) let 's move , ennis . enng , try to control he mount anger , gently set alma jr. onto the blanket and stand up , face the drunk . ennis I do not want no trouble . you need to shut you slop- bucket mouth ! ( continued ) a nn sa & ~ no continued : ( 2 ) biker # 2 ( stand , too , face ennis ) you oughta listen to you ol ' lady , then . move somewhere else . alha stand now , francine on she hip , alma JR . clutching she mother 's skirt . quickly gather up the blanket . alma c'mon , ennis . ennis look back at alma , then kick biker # 1 right in the face , bloody he nose and knock he out cold . alma and the girl move away in horror , the firework and music in the background . several of the surround family be quickly pack up to get away from the brawl . ennis ( to the club-foot ) ° what about it ? wanna swallow ' bout half you tooth ? biker # 2 have he palm raise in front of he in a conciliatory ose . biker # 2 ( polite ) noz tonight , bud ... I would sure rather not , back away , drag he unconscious friend along with he . alma and the girl stare at ennis , stunne and wide - eye : they have witness a kind of fury in he that they have never see before . =x?t : rodeo arena : childress , TEXAS : night : 73 in the arena we see a young woman dress in the flashiest , most costly rodeo finery , the most stylish barrel - racing clothes , on a fine , expensive quarter horse , run the barrel . tip one ... but it do not quite fall ... she round the last barrel and whipping the herse as if she 's in the homestretch at the kentucky derby , race out of the arena as the announcer say : announcer here she come , lady and gentleman , look at she fly ... miss lureen Phillips { morei ( continued ) ua not you 42 . continued : from right here in childress , Texas ... o0h boy ... and she time be ... ( bear ) . ... sixteen and nine-tenth second . let 's give she a big hand ! the werd be drown out as the crowd give lureen a big nand . behind arena : night : continuous : 74 ex jack sit on the tailgate of he old pickup , taping he right hand for he upcoming bulli-ride . hear applause . leok around , see the guarter horse and the young woman come fly out of the arena , everybody stand way back , give she reom . just as she pass jack , she hat fly off , land at he foot . the horse 's speed carry they almost to the street . jack reach down , pick up the hat . lureen trot back , patting the sweaty horse on the shoulder tc calm he . jack hand she hat back to she . see a classically pretty face , though heavy makeup cause she to appear rather severe . jack ma'am . jack look up at she - - for a moment , she allow herself to lock down at he -- notice he thick , dark hair , he appeal face , he sturdy body -- she take she hat , then pass on . jack watch she ride back to the arena . walk dack to he truck . int : rodeo arena : childress , TEXAS : night ( later ) : 75 jack , flatter by the attention of the redeo queen and try to show off , hang ontc 4 tough , spin , bull , actually make a fine ride . good dismount . doesn ' < need the clown this time . anhouncer oh boy ... let 's see what the judge say ... that sure look like the win vide to I ... 77 43 . a ext : rodeo arena : childress , TEXAS : wight ( later still ) : carry he bull - riding buckle and he gear a photograpeer yell at he . photographer dack ... Jack ... we need to get picture of all you winner before anybody leave .... ext : rodec arena : childress , TEXAS : night ( even later still ) : 77 lureen , perfectly coiff , the only female among a iot of rag cowboy , happen to stand next to jack . sideway lock . like hin . photographer say cheese , jack and lureen smile . flash go off . lureen Mr , twist , it be real nice of you to pick up my hat . ( smile at hin } jack ( genuinely abash ) no big deal .. it just fall off practically in my lap . lureen , direct , smile again . int : bar : night ( yet later still ) : 78 lureen sit at a table , jack at the bar . every now and then he glance at she . each time she be look right at he . jack ( zo bartender ) you know that girl ? bartender i sure do . lureen Phillips . her dad sell farm equipment . I mean big farm equipment . hundre thousand dollar cractor , shit like that . jack look again . lureen be still iook at he . ( continued ) @ 7e continued : te this time , impatient , she get up and come st . lureen what be you wait for , cowboy ... a mate call ? jack flush . she lead he onto the dance floor . the jukebox play Kitty Wells 's '' it wasn't GOD who made honky tonk angel . " 7g ikt : del mar aparthent : riverton : morning : a 8 dreary little apartment . peel wallpaper . fainz sound of wash machine come from below . alma , baby francine on she hip , coffee cup in the other hana . watch from a window , as ennis try to start he pickup . it cough , sputter , finally catch . alma set the coffee cup dewn on the window sill -- wave ~ -- brt ennis do not see she , and drive off , dust swirl on the pavement . another pickup pull up in front cf the house just after 9 ennis leave . the town grocer , monroe , a chubby little man in a grocer 's apron and cap , step out of the truck and carry three bag of grocery to the front door . alma open the door and greet he . though shy , he 's obviously thrilled to see she . monroe ( blushes ) mornin 's , alma. ( smile ) where would you like ‘em ? alma , though pleased , be surprised by this gesture . alma ( point ) set ‘em there on the table . { pause ) I tell you , Monroe , you do not get to do this . monroe step inside and set the grocery on the cluttere table . @ konroe nlook adoringly at alma ) I cot a few bag go over to Mrs. fry' . she bust she hip . you be right ( more ) ( continued ) 4s . 79 continued : ' 9 on the way . ( smile ) alma like monroe be good nature . set francine down and get she purse from the counter . francine immediately toddle out of the room . alma sure do appreciate it . what do I owe you ? monroe pull the receipt out of he pocket and look at it . monroe eight dollar and seventeen cent . alma hand a five- dollar bill to monroe , then scrape the pottem of she purse for change . she come up with another two dollar in cuarter . hand they to monroe . alma ( embarrassed ) I still cwe you a dollar and some change . ( look around the messy kitchen ) I swear , I have some change in a cup somewhere .... monroe do not you worry about it , aima . alma ( blushes ) why ... thank you , Monroe . i’1ll have it next time , then . monroe ( smile ) next time , then . monroe tip he hat to alma , walk to the door and exit . alma follow he , wave goodbye through the screen door . 80 int : hospital : maternity ward : day : 80 lureen , triumphant but tired , have just deliver little bobby . her mother and she pateer , l.d. phillip , and she husband jack , stand there by the bed as the nurse bring the ikfant . {continued ) 81 be oy G continued : 8g lureen' mother ( ecstatic ) ch , l.d... 1 can already see who he look like . just as jack be reach cut he arm for he son -- the nurse be about to hand little bcbby to he -- old l.d. fhiglip make @ smooth interception , take the baby right ou : of she hand . l.d. phillip iocan see it toc , mother . he , look exactly like I .... ignore jack completely . — lureen gaze adoringly az she father . int : del mar apartment : riverton : evening : 1967 : 81 ennis come in , dusty , dirty . two little girl , one run , one toddle : alma or. , and iittle francine , eager to see they daddy . alma be at the stove , have make chicken fry steak . make gravy . alma ( stir ) ennis , you know somebody name 2 Jack ? from Texas ? ennis , about to pick up francine , stop . ennis tomight . why ? alma ( gesture toward the kitchen table ) you get a postcard . it come General Delivery . ennis step tc the table , pick it up . 0 a we see @ raw - bone hand hold a postcard . we read it : " friend this letter be long over due . hope you get it . Heard you be in riverton . I be come through on the 24th , chought I would stop and buy you a beer . Drop I a line if you can , say if you there . '' the hand tremble ever so slightly . alma , busy with the cooking , do not notice . ( contirued ) 82 83 continued : bl alma be he somebody you cowboy 'ed with , or what ? put the postcard down , pick up francine . ennis Jack rodeo , mostly . ( pause ) we be fishing buddy .... his voice trail off . alma jr. clamor for he to look at she coloring book . francine gurgle and coo . alma stir the gravy . the eflect of the postcard go unnotice . ext : riverton : post office : day : 82 ennis stand at a counter , have a blank postcard . we see he write : not Jack twist , rfd 2 , childress , Texas , turn it over , write " you bet , " sign it ennis del mar , and then put he own address on the card . hand it through a postal slot . int : del mar apartment : riverton : day : 83 ennis have take the day off . pace , wear he best shirt , white with wide black stripe look in the mirror . look cut the window down at the street , pale with dust . the girl chase each other through the live room . alma fan herself with a magazine . alma ( hopeful of a social possibility ) maybe we could get a baby -sitter , take you friend to the knife & fork . it 's too hot to cook anyways . ennis . Jack be not the restaurant type . ( pause ) we will more and likely just go out and get ( nore } {continued } 85 86 87 continued : s3 drunk . ( pause ) if he show . int : del mar apartment : riverton : late afternoon : €3 several beer can on the table . ashtray full . Thunder growl in the distance . enhis no longer pace , sit at the table , wonder . we hear the sound cf a pickup . ennis jump up , look out the window : see the same old green pickup slow on the street in front of the laundromat . ext : del mar apartment : riverton : late afternoon : continuous : 85 the wind be pick up . lightn , thunder be closer now . jack get out of he pickup , stiff , he beat - up resistol tilt back on he head , hold it steady to keep it from blow off . int : outside del mar apartment : landing : riverton : late &6 afternoon : continuous : ennis have step out of he apartment , close the door behind he , as he see jack take the stair . two at a time . seize each other by the shoulder , hug mightily , squeezing the breath out of each other , say sonofabitch , sonofabitch . then , as easily as the right key turn the lock tumbler , they mouth come together . ikt : del mar apartment : riverton : late afternoon : continuous : 87 the wind from the storm outside blow through the del mar apartment , push the front door open : and alma see exnis be strain shoulder . we do not see the kiss ; we only see alma' Pov , ennis be back , he head tilt sideways and downward , but it be clear what they be do . . jack be hat fall off . alma quickly and quietly shut the door . we see alma inside the apartment now , back away from the front door a step or two , pale , struggle , try to take in what she have just witness . a8 int : outside del mar apartment : landing : riverton : late 86 afternoon : continuous : ennis and jack have pull back from one another , when alma ; slowly open the door acain -- only a few inch this time - ~ and stand in the narrow light , look out . ennis turn , see alma paek out . jack pick up he hat . ennis {glad for the dim light ) alma , this be Jack twist . Jack , my wife , alma . ennis , he chest heaving , dog not turn away from alma , but can still smell Jack -- the intensely familiar odor of cigarettes , musky sweat , and a faint sweetness like grass , and with it the rush cold of the mountain . ennis ( cont would ) ( as if it 's a reason ) alma , Jack and I be not see each other e in four year . alma , though , have see what she have see : understand many thing now , have age year in the space cf a few moment . alma ( flat ) sure enough . behind she , lightning light the window like a white sheet wave , and baby francine cry . jack ntremble } you get a kid ? ennis two little girl : alma Jr. , and francine . ( pause ) Love they to piece . alna ' S mouth twitches . jack to get a bey . eight month old . teli you what , Z marry a cute little old Texas @ girl down in childress . lureen . ewnis be eager to leave . ( continued } 5a. rd ) be continued : 123 a ennis jacx and I be goin ' out and get a dri might not get back ight , we get to drinkin’ and taikin alma ( again ) sure enough . tax a dollar from she pocket . jack please to meet you , alma . alma {in she misery voice ) ennis ... ennis {alreacy head down the stair ) alma , you want smoke there 's some in the pocket @ my blue shirt in the bedroom . 89 ext : motel siesta : night : 89 we see the exterior of a run-down small - town rough - country motel in riverton . 90 int : motel siesta : room : night : 90 clothes strewn around the room , a few empty whiskey bottle . the room blue with cigarette smoke . ennis , shirt off , lean against the headboard . jack sit on the edge of the bed . both smoke . jack we get a talk about this . swear to God I do not know we be goin 's a get inte this again . ennis give he a look . jrck ( cont would ) yeah , I do . red-line all the way , could not get here fast enough . ennis four year . I be about to give up on you . figure you be sore about that punch . ( continued } e sl. 90 continued : a frck friend , that next summer I drive back up to brokeback , talk to aguirre ' bout a job . ( a beat ) Heard you have not be back there , so I leave . headed down to Texas for rodeoin ' . how I meet lureen . make $ 3,090 that year bullridin ' , fuckin‘ starve . prove groove across Texas . half the time under that cunt truck fixin ' it . lureen 's old man 's get some serious money , farm machinery business . ( pause ) ' course , he hate my gut , so it 's a hard go now , but one of this day .... ennis Army do not get you ? jack nope , too bust up . rodeo be not like it be in my daddy 's time . guy with money es go to college , tréin athalete now . I '' gettin’ out while I can still walk . ennis take 2 hit from he cigarette . exhales . a beat . ennis I be sittin ' up here all this time , tryin' to figure out if I be ...? I know TI be not . I mean , here we both get wife and kid , right ? 1 like doin 's it with woman , but Jesus h.... be not nothin’ like chis . ( pause ) never have no thought a doin 's i+ with another guy . jack I neither . ( pause ) Old brokeback get we good . we get to work out what we be goin ' a do now . friend , we get we a situation here . @ ennis look at jack . stub out he cigarette . @ ennis . I soubt there 's nothin’ we can do . ( pause ) ( hore ) ( continued} @ ge continued : ( 2 ) : have what I be sayin’ , = build up a life they four year . Love my little girl . jrce what about alma ? enkis alma ? it be not she fault . ( pause ) what about you ? you gov you wife and baby , that place in Texas ... besides , you and I can not hardly be decent together , if what happen back there ... ( jerk he head in the direction of the apartment ) ++- vrab on we like that . we do that in the wrong place , we will be dead . sit up on the edge of the bed . get up , go to the dingy iittle bureau and get another package of cigarettes . enwis ( cont would ) no rein on this one , buddy . scare the 9 piss out of I . a beat ... jack take a deep breath . jack I be gettin ' out of rodeo , ennis . do not get the buck to ride out this slump I be in , do not get the bone , neither . ( earnest ) what if you and I have a little ranch together , little cow and calf operation , it would be some sweet life . shit , lureen 's old man , you bet he would give I a down payment if I would get lose . already more or less say it .... ennis ( interrupt ) whoa , whoa , whoa . ai not goin 's a be thet way . ( a beat ) I be stick with what I get here , catch in my own loop . jack look stricken . @ ennis Jack , I do not want a be like they guy you see around ... and I do not want a be dead . 83. road ! wyoming : day to flashback : ext : side of T : low angle - ennis' father lead ennis and k.e. , ennis 'o S older brother , to the edge of a irrigation ditch . ca@ on they back and ennis '’s father 's head be out of frame . we approach the ditch , we see the toe of two boot appear . nine-year- old ennis and eleven - year- old k.e. look down az earl' corpse . the rest of earl' body be out of view . ennis ( v.0 . ) there be this two old guy ranch tegether down home , Earl and Rich . they be a joke even though they be pretty tough old bird . they find Earl dead in @ irrigation ditch . they would take a tire iron to he , spur he up , drug he around by he dick till it pull off .... k.e. hide he face in he father 's shirt . we see the young ennis look down at the body ~ - as he eye widen , we see the horror wash over he nine - year old face .... CUT back to int : motel siesta : room : night : continuous : 92 another beat . jack ( white ) you see that ? ennis ( Zlat ) I be what , nine year old ? dad make sure I see it , I and my brother k.e. dad laugh about it . Hell , for all I know , he do the job . if he be alive and be to put he head in that door right now , you bet he would go get he tire iron . ( pause ) two guy livin’ together ? no way . we can get together once in a while way the hell out in the back a nowhere ... jack {voice shake ) once in a while ever 's four fuckin‘ year ? ennis I be lookin’ at people on the street . this happen a other pecple ? what the ( more ) ( continued ) @ . 93 34 . of nd continued : hell do they do ? I goddamn hate it that you be gcin ' a drive away in the mornin’ , and I be goin 's back to my life . ( pause ) but if you can not fix it , Jack , you goz a stand it . jack i do not give a flyin ' fuck about other people . Son of a bicch , ennis , take a couple day off . right now . throw you stuff in the back a my truck , let 's head up in the mountain . ennis hesitates . jack ( earnest ) come on , ennis , you just shot my airplane out a the sky . give I something ' a go on . this be not no little thing that 's happenin’ here . we hear a phone ringing off in another motel room . as if he be answer it , ennis pick up the phone on the bedside table and dial he own number . int : schcol auditorium : nig3st : 1970 : 33 alma , charme , and ennis , uncomfortable , be at a school Christmas play . alma jr. be a angel in tin foil wing , sing and dance on stage . alma look at ennis , elbow he in the rib . ennis jump , the sit up straight . int : farm expo : TEXAS : day : 94 two dark , dour , over - aly farmer be watch jack demonstrate a fancy air-condition tractor . jack , who can drive anything , be do a fine job of put the tractor through its pace . farmer # 10 do not that piss - ant use to ride the bull ? farmer # 2 he use to try .... wr on int : grocery store : wyoming : early evening : alma , a little older and a little less skinny , though still just as cute , be clerk at the grocery store . as she ring up grocery , we see monroe , now 4 manager , wear @ cheap tie , flirt , smile at she . alma smile back . the customer leave . alma and mgnroe be alone . monrce open a box of junior mint and eat one . plm what be you smilin ' ' bout ? monroe ( chew , smile even wider ) nothin 's . alma gotta be somethin' . monroe gust happy , I guess . monroe throw a junior mint at alma . alha ( laugh ) stop that ! just then , ennis walk into the store . monroe and alma immediately stop they flirt . enkis walk up to alma 's counter . monroe hurry back to the office , afraid of ennis . ennis ( point to the cigarettes behind the counter ) two pack . alma {net get the cigarettes ) who 's watchin’ the girl ? ennis they be outside in the truck . alma ( darken ) I coulda brcught home you smoke . ' side , it 's way past they bedtime . ( continued } se . @ $ 5 cortinued : 3s ennis ( grim ) the quick you give I the damn smoke , the quick they will be home in bed . 956 ext : wyoming rance corral : day : 96 ennis , still a ranch hand , be dehorn steer on a squally , snow -spit day . bloody , grim . 37 int : gwist house : west TEXAS : day : 1974 : of jack be in the bedroom , cram clothes into a duffel bag . struggle to get the bag zipped up . finally get it . lureen walk into the room , blow on she nail . lureen why can not you buddy come down here to Texas and fish ? S jack ( in a hurry ) ' Cause the bighorn Mountains be not in Texas . lureen ( examine she fresh manicure ) De not seem right you drivin ' up there two or three time a year , he never comin’ down here . jack find another shirt that he need , look at the pack , zipped cuffel bag . throw the shirt back into the closet . jack ( frustrated ) +- sen-cf -a.... lureen nannoy ) you be not even listenin’ . jack see my warm jacket ? @ lureen ( wave she hand , still drying she nail ) ( nore ) ( continued ) $ 9 sv. continued : ; / ; a you say you would help Bobby with he social study . jack ( finally face she ) 1 tell you , lureen , he need help with he read . why be not you call the school yet ? they say they would set he up with a special veacher . look , I get fourteen highway hour ahead of I . I gotta go . ( lock around again ) you sure you be not see my jacket ? lureen ( piss now ) wo , I have not see you goddamn jacket ! int : del mar apartment : riverton : night : 98 ennis put he coat on , be about to leave on a fishing trip . alma Monroe say they get a openin ' over at the power company . maybe you can check it out when ycu get back . ennis nod , barely acknowledge alma' request . alma jr. and francine reach up to be kiss good - bye . alma hug he ; he give she a brief , one - arm hug . ennis be almost out the coor . alma pick up he tackle box . alma ( know ) hey ...forgettin ' something ' ? ennis take the tackle box . leave . ext : campsite : big horn mountain : night : 99 ennis in he pickup truck pull up to a campsite . he can see in he headlight that Jack hes already set up camp . toot the horn . emile . jack come out of the tent , the intense pleasure of be with ennis all over he ‘ace . 100 idl 102 int : del mar apartment : riverton : evening : ice ennis slouches in front of the television set , nursing 2 beer , watch David carradine in kung fu . the girl , age eight and ten , play card on the floor nearby . alma restless . alma it 's Saturday night . look like you would want to step out once in a while . have a little fun . ennis drink he beer . do not answer . int : ennis and alma' bedroom : night : 101 alma already in bed , read a true confession magazine . ennis be get undress . alma , a faintly hopeful lcok on she face , peek over the top of the magazine at she husband , who do not notice . ennis get into bed . they begin to make love . alma as far behind as we be on the bill , it make I nervous not to take no precaution .... ennis ( stiffen ) if you do not want no more of my kid , I will be happy a leave you alone . alma ( under she breath ) ++- I would have ‘em , if you would support ‘em .... turn he back to she , face the wall . alma , a look of despair on she face , reach up and turn off the bedside lamp . int : divorce court : day : 1975 : 102 ennis and alma in a bleak little courtroom : divorce court . ( continued ) a nm 58 . e 102 continued : } judge ( faise gavel ) divorce grant . alma look sad , but determine ... cry quietly . ennis look miserable . 103 ext : wyoming highway : day : 103 jack be beat - up truck race across the bleak southern Wyoming iandscape after pass a welcome to the cowboy state sign . a dust devil travel across the plain , just off of the highway . 104 int : wyoming higbway : jack truck : day : continucus : 104 we see jack inside , happy , feel like he could drive for day and day without sleep , sing along with the radic play patsy cline 's '' crazy '' . a postcard rest on the ; dashboard of the truck . jack pick it up , look at it again , we see what it say : " divorce final . E. " . jack sing along with the music with exaggerated gesture , can not stop eo grin . 105 ext : del mar ranch house : day : continuous : 105 ennis seat alma jr. and francine inside he truck . shut the passenger door and walk around to the driver 's side , just as jack truck pull into he driveway , block ennis be truck . enkis be surprised , puzzle as to why jack be there , but be nonetheless - ~ as always -- thrilled to see he . cack get out of the truck . walk up to ennis , they hug one another mightily . ennis ( genuinely surprised and happy ) what be you doin’ here ? jack ( excited , hold up the postcard ) get you message ' bout the divorce , ennis consider a moment -- still do not understand . e@ jack ( insistent , still smile ) the message say you divorce be final , sc here I be . ( chore ) { coktinuved} @ .: 64 . 1 oo rv continued : ( smile ) have to ask ' bout ten different people in riverton where you be livin’ . ennis see now what have happen : jack think , mistakenly , that ennis have come around , that this be they chance , finally , to be togecher . smile leave he face . rub he jaw ... take a deep breath . uncomfortable . jack look at ennis -.. and the smile leave he face , toc . realize now that he 's make a terrible mistake : turn pale ... he body sag under the weight of disappointment . humiliate , then devastate . curse at himself under he breath . jack --- I guess I think .... ennis ( pain , but trap ) Jack , I get the girl this weekend ... otherwise you could stay . ( pause ) I be sure as hell sorry . jack nod ... try to retain some dignity , cacght yet again in a wrenching situation with ennis , feel totaily powerless . ennis ( tear ) get ‘em once a menth . miss last month ' cause of the roundup . a beac . eknis {in agony now ) «+-dack .... jack can barely breathe . jac {tries a weak smile ) ++- I will see you first week in June , then .... to surn away , wander back to he truck , the postcard stili in he hand . gez in . drive off . ennis watch he go . 106 it ? 108 109 él. ext : TEXAS plain : day : 106 we see jack blaze along in he pickup truck . Radio play merle kaggard 's '' my friend be gonna be stranger " , begins to cry , hard ... but something have turn inside ; he ... he look desolate but determine : know where he be head . ext : TEXAS / mexican border : juarez : late afternoon : 107 we see a road sign : juarez . we see jack in he pickup creck crossing the border into Mexico . int : cantina : mexican border town : night : 108 jack sit at the bar , lonely , ina foreign land . sip tequila out of a shet glass . the mexican bartender walk over to jack . mexican bartender Uno mas ? jack shake he head , throw a few peso to the bartender . stands and walk to the door . mexican bartender buenc noches , senor . jack wave without look back . ext : mexican border town : night : STREET : continuous : 109 jack walk out of the cantina and into the sultry mexican night . the street swarm with activity . wander the street , solemn , desperate in he loneliness . tourist family and local intermingle on the street and sidewalks . a family pose for a picture with a donkey wear @ sombrero . a young couple walk towards jack . jack gallantly step out of the way , smile , let the couple pass . wacch they go . & mexican guitarist sit on the step of a small shop , soulfully pluck the guitar . { continued ) + 10 62. a of continued : jack stop mext to the mexican guitarist , drop some peso into the man 's cup . the guitarist smile at jack . a swarm of little beggar child hit up jack for change . he give they each a few coin and move on . sack make he way through the crowded street , enter the seedier part of the town . soon , every building be a strip club or a bordello , paint silhouettes of nude woman adorn the brightly light sign . hookers stand in doorway entice passersby . the sidewalk be crowded with military men , vendor . siren , people yell , mexican polka music . a handsome young mexican , masculine , dress for a night out , make eye contact with jack -- give he a know , seduccive lock . young mexican +. senor .... jack stop . hesitates a moment . then nod . they walk cff together . int : phillip house : thanxsgive : day : 110 the phillip home . Wall - to#wall carpete , stiff , uncomfortable furniture . many photo of lureen win barrel - racing trophy . one of jack , the one take in the arena the day they meet . jack , lureen , bobby , age eight , lureen be long - suffer mother and l.d. phillip , jack be prick of a father - in - law . the table be set for a full Thanksgiving dinner , huge turkey and ail the trimming . as everyone shuffles into they place at zhe < able , we hear howard cosell' voice in the background come from the tv , comment on the game plan of the Dallas Cowboys . jack be at the head of the table and have just reach for the carve tool , when l.d. , older but no kinder , take they right out of he hand , almost as he do the baby . l.d. phillip whoe , now , rodeo ... the stud duck do the carve around here . jack , have be through this kind of scene many time before , try nonetheless to be gracious . ( continued ) 63 . e 210 continued : iio ob : you bet , l.d. the trouble . +. just think I would save you bobby be rivete to the television set . lureen notice . lureen . Bobby , if you do not eat you dinner , i'm gonna have to turn off that televisicn . bobby why , mama ? I be gonna be eatin ' this food for the next two week . lureen flash a look az jack , who then get up from the table , turn off the television , sit back down . bobsy slump back in he chair , pout . jack you hear you mama . you can eat you dinner . then you can watch the game . l.d. phillip set down the carve tool . go to the tv , turn it back on . lureen daddy ! l.d. phillip opick up the carve tool ) Hell , we do not eat with we eye , nothin 's wrong with the boy watchin ' America 's team . {direct look at Jack ) boy should watch football . jack {stands up -- barely maintain he composure ) not until he finish the meal he mama spend three hour fixin ' . walk to the tv , turn it off . returns to he seat . lureen , bobby and lureen' mother be all startle : jack have never stand up to l.d. like this before . they watch , silent . now l.d. phillip stand again , go to the tv again , turn it back on . returns to the din table . ( continued ) lil 4 . continued : ( 2 ) l.o. phillip ( stare hard at Jack , again ) fell , it 's the fourth quarter , game will be over ' fore we be through dinner . now jack flash a look at lureen , who do nothing . he get up from the table , grab he hat and coat from the coat rack by the front door . leave . l.d. prillip nlook after Jack ) where the heli 's he goin 's ? ( look back at he family ) a fine pass , family can not even get through Thanksgiving dinner .... lureen ( annoyed with she husband and she father ) oh , daddy ! she get up from the table , light a cigarette , plop down in front of the television herself l.d. phillip ( to he wife ) boy should watch football -- right , mother ? {to lureen ) you want you son to grow up to be a man , do not you ? lureen ignore he , smoke . l.d. phillip ( cont would , will not leave it alone ) do not you ? int : monroe household : thanksgive night : dine room : 111 ennis sit next tc francine . monroe sit at the head of the table . alma across from monroe . alma jr. sit across from she daddy . the girl be about nine and seven , respectively . ennis dress in a clean Levi 's jacket and a bolo tie , he shirt collar threadbare . monroe , at the head cf the table , carve a large turkey . alma be visibly sregnant . ( continued ) .. continued : fle exnis try to be cheerful for he girl , not want to be a sad daddy . alma JR . daddy , tell about when you ride horse in the redeo . ennt short story , honsy . only ' bout three second I be on that bronc , an’ the next thing I know I be flyin' - - only = be not no angel like you , and do not have no wing . nsmile at she ) and that 's the story of my saddle bronc career . eis girl love he , they face rapt when they daddy speak . monroe be smug . despite he unromantic appearance , he have alma . eanksgiving night : kitchen : il2 int : monroe household : ennis have gallantly breught a dinner plate or two into the kitchen , set they on the counter . iean against the counter . alma be scraping food off the dinner plate . alma ntry to start conversation ) you ought to get marry again , ennis . ( pause ) I and the girl worry ' bout you bein ' alone so much . ennis ( feel too big for the room ) once burn .... alma ( scraping ) you still go fishin’ with Jack twist ? =zrwis some , alma you know ... ( continued ) 66 . @ 112 continued : 112 from she tone , ennis know something be come . alma ( cont would ) ( tremble , but control ) ++ I use zo wonder how come you never erought any trout home . always say you catch plenty , you know how I and the girl like fish . ( pause ) so one time i get you creel case open the aight before you go on one a you little trip -- price tag still on it after five year -- and I tie a note on the end of the line . it say , ' hello , ennis , bring some fish home , love , alma '.. , ( pause ) ++- and then you come back lookin ' all perky and say you would catch a bunch a brown and eat they ep . look over at ennis , a stiff smile on she face . S remember ? ennis do not answer . alma ( cont would ) alma be scraping harder and faster , as i= she mean to take the pattern off the plate . alma I look in the case first chance I get and there be my note still tie there . nlook at he now ) that line have not touch water in its life , alma turn on the water in the sink , sluice the plate . ennis that do not mean nethin' . alma ( turn on he ) bo not lie , do not try to fool I no more , ennis . I know what it mean . Jack twist ? Jack nasty . you and he ... eo ennis grab she wrist and twist it . tear spring to she eye , she drop a dish . { continued ) '' 114 67 . continued : ( 2 ) i hy ennis shut up . mind you own business . you do not know nothin ' about it , alma I be goin 's a yel : for Monroe . ennis you fuckin ' go right ahead . go on and fuckin’ yell . I will make he eat the fuckin’ floor and you , too . let go . alma ( ery ) get out , get out , ger out ! ( between sob ) you hear I , ennis Del Mar ? get cut ! alma be cry hard now , year of pain and anger welling up and spilling over . int : honroe household : live room : thanksgive night : 113 continuous : ennis take the live room in about two stride , ignere the startle monroe , who be smoking a cheap , after-dinner cigar . ennis grab he hat , shove it on , when little francine yell rancine daddy ! ennis turn , give both he girle a big hug and kiss . slam out . ext : monroe house : thanksgive night : continuous : lla snow . francine and alma jr. , confuse , a little frantic now , want it to be all right again , follow they daddy out onto the front stoop of the little frame house . francine and alma JR . " bye , daddy .... get to he old batter pickup -- lock back at he little girl -- get in , bale of hay collect snow in the truck bed . rumble away . 24s 116 68. ext : downtown riverton : black and blue eagle bar : night : 115 ennis park across the street from the black and blue eagle bar . get out and without look or bother about the thin traffic , walk across the street toward the bar . & pickup with roughneck in it have to brake sharply to xeep from hit he , so sharply that they dog , a ugly , tough - look mongrel be throw out of the back , nearly run over by treffic come the other way . first roughneck ( drive , size of a bear ) hey , fuckhead , watch where the fuck you be gcin’ , you nearly get my dawg kilt ! without hesitation , enkis run around the pickup , yank cpen the driver door , drag the huge man out in the slushy street , pummelling he and kick he . knee he in the aut . the second rojghneck , astonished , get out to help . but ennis and the first roughneck be roll around in the street , hit and gouging whenever one of they can get a hand free . traffic be stop , include the big-tire pickup that almost hit the dog . second rougeneck ( confuse ) what the hell 's the matter with that cowboy ? ennis and the roughneck roll right under the big-tire pickup that have stop , temporarily lose from view . a crowd have gather ; some get down to peer under the truck . second roughneck that cowboy must be loco . folk do not usually jump on hershel like that . hershel , he 's stout . = not : ennis' pickup truck : night : 1976 : 116 enhis , thoroughly batter and bloody , be drive home across the lonely , empty , snowy plain . roll the window down , spit a mouthful of blood into the night . fa be '' 3 118 6g . ext : mountain : montage : A. jack and ennis ride through the mountain , like randolph Scott and Joel mccrae in ride the high country , only more life - wear , more weather - beat . B. jack and ennis see a deer drink from a stream . in memory of they poach deer , jack aim a imaginary rifle at the deer , '' fire '' . ennis laugh . the deer run away . c. jack and ennis on horseback cross a deep river . the crossing be a tremendous struggle but they make it to the other side . jack and ennis look back at the liver , look of relief on both of they face . D. jack and ennis take shelter from a hailstorm cnder a tall evergreen . E. jack and ennis pitching a tent , set up camp . ext : mountain : night : 1980 : 218 jack clays harmonica around the campfire . ennis drink {rem a whiskey bottle . same poor food , can with spoon in they , beer bottle , whiskey bottle . ennis look mostly the same , clder , but still skinny . jack , the short of the two , have thicken some through the shoulder . they be not fishing . just siz near one ancther , enjoy the country , the night , the fire . we see jack in a down jacket . ennis in shirtsieeve . cack do not you never wear a coat ? ennis ( grin ) when it 's cold . seem like spring to I . jack iz may be spring where you nre sittin’ , but two foot west , it 's goddamn winter , I tell you . 120 te. ext : mountain : day : 11 we see they riding the next morning , atop a ridge - - lock as if the whole of Wyoming be before they . the sky be brilliant , blue , not a cloud to be see . jack ( cont would ) Sky 's so deep , a fella could drow lookin’ up . a beat . ennis how 's you boy doin ' ? sack he 's thirteen now . can not hardly read . I tell lureen he must be dyslexic cr somethin’ , but she will not admit to it . pretend the kid 's okay . ( pause ) alma lighten up on you yet ? enkis oshake he head ) = still see my girl once a month . alma Jr. , she 's sixteen now , a beanpole , real quiet . jack like she daddy . ennis ( smile ) now , francine , she 's the live wire . alma Jr. 's the shy one . ennis and jack continue riding . int : wolf ear bar : signal : night : 120 the bar be moderately crowded with cowboys and they women . not a wild scene . a few couple dance on the small floor near the jukebox to eagle '' already gone " . the tv above the bar be tune to '' different stroke '' . ernt sit at a booth by himself , a few empty in front of im . " already gone " end . ( continued } oo 2c continued : the waitress , cassie , mid-twenty , livelier than alma , very appeal , curvy in jeans and irt , strut past ennis be booth to the jukebox , a glass of white wine in she hand . cassie have she eye on enkis , who be oblivicus , look up at gary coleman on the tv . cassie pop a quarter in the jukebox . ennis get up from he booth and start towards the men' room . reddone 's '' come and get you love " begin to play on the jukebox . cassie seize the opportunity , step in front of ennis . cassie ( appeal , direct ) just finish my shift . wanna dance ? look past cassie to the men' room door . ennis opoint over cassie be shoulder to the man 's room ) be on my way to the ... cassie ( grab ennis ' S point finger ) I be cassie ... cassie cartwright . cassie take a reluctant ennis by the finger and lead he to the little dance floor , set she wine Glass down on the way . ennis ( be pull ) ennis Del mar. cassie and ennis be the only people on the dance floor . it be immediately clear that ennis can not cance . but cassie gee not mind , make the most of the moment , enjoy herself , snake the funk out of ner ass , let she hair fly . during the chorus , cassie and enkis be eye meet . it be obvious ennis éppeal to she . 121 N a int : wolf ear bar : day : signal : continuous : i the dance end ; they return to ennis be booth . he light a cigarette . crssie sit down across from ennis . drink she white wine . the waitress come over , refill she glass from a cheap bottle with a screw lid . cassie motion to she to leave the bottle . ennis no more dancin ' for I . ( a beat ) I hope . cassie you be safe . my feec hurt . cassie take she boot off , start rub she foot . ennis licok on , éemuse . ennis hard work , be it ? cassie {playful ) yeah , drunk like you demand beer after beer , smoking . get tiresome . {beat ) what do you do , ennis Del nar ? ennis well , earlier today I be castratin ' calve . cassiz wrinkle up she nose , shiver , then thrust she stock foot into ennis 's lap . ennis be startle . ennis what be you doin ? cassie ( smile } tryin ' to get a foot rub , dummy . ennis smile back . 222 73. int : twist cadillac : highway : childress , TEXAS : cold night . panhandle wind blow . jack and lureen in they cadillac , hurry to a big country dance . lureen be very North Dallas now , fur coat , too much jewelry , too much makeup , too stiff a hairdo . jack wear a white stetson . both be smoking . see a pickup stop on the shoulder ahead , hazard light flash jack siow , pull even with the pickup -- no other traffic on the lenely road . jack think it 's that couple just start rkin‘ ' for Roy tayler . lureen Roy 's new foreman ? jack Roll you window down . as lureen roll down she window , we see randall mblone --< all , sharp - feature , raw -bon ; he wife lashawn -- blond , pretty , skinny , manic . they be dress in party clothes , toc , but not so resplendently as the twist . randall be fiddling under the hood with no success . lashawn tip -toe over to they in she high heel . jack whac 's the problem , miss ? lashawn ( chatty , friendly to a fault ) we get a wear out sickup , that 's the problem . I tell randall it take more than chew gum and baling wire to keep a@ pickup goin’ , but he would not listen to I if he know he be goin ' deaf tomorrow . randall , frustrated , give up , come over . nod hello . jack howdy , Jack twist , my wife lureen . any hepe there , cowboy ? randall ( stiff ) Net tonight . guess she 's throw a rod . ( continued ) 123 74 . the continued : jack you two bound for the big party up in childress ? they nod . jack then get in a ride with we , I will stop and get my pickup , tow you home after the dance . if you can not fix it then , by God , drive off from it -- that 's my motto . int : dance hall : childress , TEXAS : night : 123 ig banner over the stage : '' benefit for the childress county children' home " -- underneath , '' charlie daniel ' band " . Charlie Daniels 's Band fiddle away , lot of couple on the dance floor . the twist and the malone be at a table near the dance floor . lureen be smoking , bored . lashawn have on a flashy cockvail dress , a lot of makeup and jewelry , but much prettier than lureen , skinnier , perky , restiess , about thirty . restless , impatient . lashawn ochatter like a squirrel ) pledge tri delt at smu and I sure never think I would end up in a pokey little place like childress , but then I meet randall at a aggie game , and he be a animal husbandry major , and so here I a . lureen ( briefly stir ) oh , you be tri delt ? I be kappa phi myselz . lashawn ( impatient ) well , even though we be not quite sorcerity sister , we may have to dance with ourselves , lureen . we husband be not the least bit interested in dancin' , they do not seem to have a smidgin of rhythm between ‘em . lureen it 's funny , be not it ? husband do not never seem to dance with they wife . ( sarcastic ) why do you think that be , Jack ? ( continued } continued : '' 6 jack want to have a good time -- do not take she bait . sack ai not never give it a think . ( to lashawn ) wanna dance ? they get up , go to the dance floor , begin to dance . lashawn ( chatter like a squirrel ) I tell randall we oughta take the car , but he say no , the road be too bad ... jack nod politeiy , but be look over she shoulder at lureen , and randall . lureek smox . randall study jack and lashawn on the dance floor . lashawn ( cont would ) ++- dut then he ratty ol ' truck die . ' course he do not never listen to I .... ext : dance hall : childress , TEXAS : night ( later ) : 124 cold , frosty . jack ard randall stand together outside the dance hall , wait for they wife to return from the lady " room . both smo} jack ever notice how a woman will powder she nose before a barty start , and then powder it again when the party 's over ? ( pause ) why powder you nose just to go home to bed ? randall {as if the vanity of woman be a tiresome subject ) do not know . ( smoke ) even if I want to know , could not get a word in with lashawn long enough to ask . woman talk a blue streak . jack lively little gal . a beat . rardall my boss 's get a little cabin down on Lake kemp . get a croppie house ... little boat . ( more ) ( contlhued ) 125 continued : set Said I can use it whenever I want . ( pause ) think you would like to go down there some weekend ? drink a little whiskey , fish some . get away , you know ? before jack can respond , the women come out , hurry in the cold , careful not to slip in the icy parking lot , lashawn talk a blue streak , just like randall say . we i ext : riverton , wyoming : drive - in : night : ennis and cassie sit in ennis be truck , try to watch the empire strike back . cassie be rapt , eat popcorn , swig cheap white wine from a bottle between she knee , despite a violent wind storm that have come up , blow trash and dust into the windshield . the sound from old window - mount speaker be barely audible over the windstorm . the wind be blow dust so high into the air that the screen be partially obscure . ennis we oughta get we money back . cassie ( hit he on the shoulder } hush up , ennis , this be important . he 's tearnin ' how to be a jedi knight . ennis try to step the blow dust from enter he truck cab , tuck a old flannel shirt in the crack create by the grive - in movie speaker . ennis my truck 's fillin ' with dust . cassie ( rapt ) shhhhi turn up the volume . ennis ( fiddling with the speaker ) up as high as it will qo . a strong gust of wind carry a big panel cf the screen away , leave a rectangular hole in luke skywalker 's face . suddenly , ennis roll down he window just enough to unhook the speaker and throw it out into the dirt . he drive off . int : ennis' pickup truck : nigrt : continuous : i2 of ennis pull out of the drive - in . cassie , arm cross , be upset . ennis glance over at cassie , who avoid he leok . turn she head and look out the window . cassie {still look away from ennis ) you hardly ever take I any place nice . a beat . ennis ( shrug ) take you everwhere . cassie everwhere in riverton . why can not you take I to casper ? could have see that movie indoors in casper . ennis {somewhat incredulcus ) Three hour a drivin’ to see spaceship and robot ? cassie so ? you drive all over just to go huntin ' and fishin ' with you friend . ennis do not know what to say . keeps drive . ext : mountain : day : montage : 1981 : be ny '' a we see ennis and jack , wind through some grand scenery , always high up : A. ennis and jack riding they herse up in the bighorn . a bright , beautiful crisp autumn day . B. ennis and jack swim in a clear , mirror- like mountain pocl . c. ennis and jack dismounted , stand atop cloud peak , the high point in the bighorn . D. ennis snoczes by the campfire . jack gently shake he . they both go in the tent . 78 . ext : ennis' line cabin : day : 128 ennis wait with he bedroll by a small , poor iine cabin , mile from nowhere , much like the one he and alma have live in when he daughter be young . sees a pickup come , dust on the ranch road . watch . this time , the pickup that arrive be a fancy new double - seater with lot of chrome . jack , older , step out , wear sort of modish new rodeo dud and a tall white stetson , they look at one another a moment , make sure they be still ennis and jack , make sure it 's still there . embrace . ennis what would you do , bed , strike oil ? jack ( grin - - have have he tooth cap ) better than that . lureen 's old man drop dead , she 's runnin ' the business now . send I to al ] the fair and stock show to sell they big tractor . we get the latest thing in squeeze chute , ought to see ‘em . {pause} easy life now , ennis . a beat . jack ( cont would ) come on , throw you stuff in the back . if we be goin ' , let 's ge . ext : mountain : day : 129 we see they wind up a mountainside , patch of snow in che shade . they move up , up , through some high tree , then descend down toward a lake . ext : mountain : lake : camp : evening : 130 they have set up a rough camp , small tent , a welcoming fire . ( continuee ) @ 130 131 continued : jack walk down to the lake , squat , dip a Little water in ais hand , sip it . ennis ( yell ) get lepto drinkin‘ that . {pause} better to have a beer . jack ocome back to the fire ) can do better than beer . ncrack the seal on a whiskey bottle} take a big swallow . pass the bottle to snnis . jack that 's one a the two thing I need right now . ext : mountain : laxe : camp : night ( later ) : 131 ennis and jack be sit around the campfire , close . ennis roll a joint . jack twist the dial on e little radic , but all the radio give back be static . restless . poke at the fire with a stick . look up at the night sky , cloud churn past the moon . jack it 's gonna snow tonight fer sure . ( 100 k ) all this time , and you be not find nobody else to marry ? ennis hts the joint ) ai not interested . npass it to jack ) be puttin’ the block the a woman over in riverton . Waitress part-time at the Wolf ear bar . now exnis give jack a look -- there be still much unchart territory between they . ennis ( cont would ) ( cont would ) what about you and lureen ? { hore ) {continued } @ = go . continued : 131 ( sarcastic ) still lovey dovey ? jack osnort ) not hardly . odrag on the joint ) Hell , I and lureen be never that way - she 's good at makin ' hard deal in the machinery business , but so far as cur Marriage go , we could do it cver the telephone . ; ( pass it back to ennis ) I kinda get a thing goin’ with a little gal over in childress . ranch hand 's wife . expect to get shot by lureen or the husband one , ever ' time I slip off to see she . ennis . ( laugh ) probably deserve it . they both laugh ... then the laughter trail off . a beat . jack ( look at ennis ) tell you what ... truth be , i miss you so much sometimes I could whip baby . poke the fire . powerful look between they . ext : mountain : trailhead : morning : 132 jack and ennis be load the horse into e trailer hitched =o ennis 's pickup truck . mood between they be tense , as always , when they time vogether be about to end . when the gate be shut on the horse , jack pop he glove against he leg a time or two ... look at ennis , who be lighting a cigarette . jack guess I will head on up to lightnin 's flat . see the foik for a day or two . {continued} bi. @ 132 continued : ennis ( uncomfortable ) somethin ' I be meanin 's to tell you , bud . it 's likely November before I can get away again , after we ship stock and before the winter feedin ' start . to nm jack ( stunne ) November ? what in hell happen a acgust ? Christ , ennis , you have a fuckin ' week tc say some little word about this . ennis be silent . jack ( cont would ) and why 's it we be always in the friggin’ cold weather ? we ought a ge south , where it 's warm . we ought a go the Mexico . ennis Mexico ? e ( try the lighten the mood ) Hell ... you know I . ' Bout all the travelin 's I ever do be goin 's around the coffeepct , lookin ' for the handle . a uncomfortable silence . ennis ( cont would ) lighten up on I , Jack . we can hunt in November , kill a nice elk . ry if I can get Don wroe 's cabin again . we have a good time that year . a beat . jack start pop he glove on he leg again . jack ( bitter disappointment ) never enough time , never enough . ( look at ennis ) you know , friend , this be a goddamn bitch of a unsatisfactory situation . you use a come away easy . kow it 's like seein 's e the pope. ennis Jack , I get a work . they ¢arlier day I use a quit the job . you forget how it ( mcre ) ( continued ) 2 . e 132 continued : ( 2 ) i be bein 's break al ] the time . you ever hear a child support ? let I tell you , I can not quit this cne . and I can not cet the time off . ( pause ) be tough enough gettin’ this time . the trade - off be August . ( pause ) you get a better idea ? a nm jacek ( bitter , accusatory ) I do , once . ennis say nothing . straighten up slowly , rub at he forehead . walk to the horse trailer , say somech that only the horse can hear . turn and walk back to jack at a deliberate pace . Mexico be tee place -- ennis have hear . ennis you be a Mexico , Jack ? 9 jack , brace for it ali this year , and here it come , late and unexpected . jack Heil yes , I be . what 's the fuckin 's problem ? ennis I get a say this to you one time , Jack , ang I be not foolin' . what I do not know , all they thing I do not know could get you kill if I should come to know they . jack try this one ... ( pause ) +.. and I 'li say it just one time . tell you what , we could a have a good life together , a fuckin ' real good life , have we a place of we own . you woulé not do it , ennis , so what we get now be brokeback Mountain . everything build on that . it 's all we get , boy , fuckin : all , so I hope you know that if you do not never know the rest . Count the damn few time we be together in twenty year . e measure the fuckin ' short leash yce keep I on , then ask I about Mexico and then tell I you will kill I for needin’ something 's I do not hardly never get . you { nore } ( continued ) not # 3 . continued : ( 3 ) get no fuckin’ idea how bad it get . I be not you . <= can not make it on a couple ef high - altitude fuck once or twice a year . ( pause ) you be too much for I , ennis , you son of a whoreson bitch . ( pause ) iowish I know how to quit you . we pull back now . like vast cloud of steam from thermal spring in winter , che year of thing unsaid and now unsayable ~ -- admissior , declaration , shame , guilt , fear -- rise around they . ennis stancs as if heartshot , face gray and deep -line . fights a silent battle , grimace , he eye screwing shut , fist clenching , leg cave , he hit the ground on he knee . Jack be frighten , think meybe it 's a heart attack ... or else the overflow of a incendiary rage . jack .-- Jesus ... ennis ? start towards he , but enwis jerk away . jack move towards nim again , and this time , ennis do not resist , struggle to he foot . and then they hug one ancther , a fierce , desperate embrace -- manage to torque thing almost to where they have be , for what they have just say be no news : nothing end , nothing begin , nothing resolve . ext : mountain : trailhead : morning : 133 ennis start off in he pickup , pull the horse trailer behind . jack watch the man who would be he other half go away from he , and as he watch , go back in reverie to a earlier time and a profound memory : CUT to flashback : ext : brokeback mountain : campfire : night : 134 continuous : jack , much young , stand by the campfire . we see two arm encircle he from behind : it be ennis , also mich young . ( continued } be the ib a4 . continued : they stand that way for a moment , jack lean hack into ennis . ennis be breath come slow and quiet , then he start to gently rock back and forth a little , light by the warm fire toss ruddy chunks of light , the shadow of they body a single column against a rock . ennis hum quietly . nothing mar this moment for jack , even though he know that ennis do not embrace he face to face because he do not want to see or feel that it be jack he hold ~ - because for now , they be wrap in a closeness that satisfy some share and sexless hunger , that be not really sleep but something else drowsy and trance -- until ennis , dredge up a rusty phrase from the childhood time before he mother die , say : ennis . time to hit the hay , cowboy , I get to go . {pause ) come on now , you be sleepin’ on you foot like a horse . give jack a little shake , a gentle push , and jack stumble ever so slightly in the direction of he tent . stop . hear ennis be spur jingle as he mount he horse . ennis +-- se@ you tomorrow .... a shudder snort from ennis be horse , the grind of hoot on stone , and =znnis ride away , jack watch he go . CUT to ext : mountain : trailhead : morning : present : 135 continuous : we be back to the present as jack , older now , watch the packup truck fade away into the distance , that dozy embrace scliditied in he memory as the single moment of artless , cnarm happiness in they separate and difficult life . int : denny' restaurant : riverton : night : 136 eknis sit in a booth , eat a slice of apple pie ard drink coffee . a elderly man sit at the counter . a heavy ~ - set waitress carry a tray of food past ennis , and serve a middle - age couple in a booth . Glen Campbell 's '' southern night " play from the speaker mount in the ceiling . enter cassie . she 's dress in tight jeans , she white blouse untucked on one side . she be slightly dishevel , have be ( continued ) | | 6 g5 . continued : 336 cry , she eyeliner trail down she face . she sit down in ennis be booth , across from he . cassie ( lozd whisper ) where you be ? the restaurant be dead silent . cassie ( still whisper ) I say , where you be ? I be not see you fer a week . call you up , you say you be not goin 's out tonight . ennis . ( a Little defensive ) denny 's be not goin ' out . I get hungry , so 1 come here to get some pie . ( a beat ) can not I eat in peace ? cassie . be drivin ' around for hour , lookin ' for you truck . ennis drop he fork . it clank on the plate . the noise make ennis self - conscious , look around . cassie I drive to you trailer and you be not chere . ennis do not know you be my parole officer . cassie I be not you parole officer . I be you girlfriend . why can not you treat I like one ? ennis look at cassie . cassie lcok hard at he face : he 's dark , distant , inaccessible . cassie I do not get you , ennis Del Mar . know he 's hurt she , but he do not know wnat to do about it . the look on he face change then , to a look of stark ioneliness . she realize , then , that she 's not the answer . ennis reach up to she shoulder . ( continued ) @ 137 138 86 . continued : ( 2 ) - we a cassie deflect ennis be hand . tear well up in cassie be eye . she get up , begin the sob when she get to the door . leeve . ennis stare out the window at she as she get in she car , speed off , ext : riverton : STREET : day : 137 ennis come out of the little post office , casually shuffle through a handful of mail . stock magazine , ea flyer advertising '' big sale at the grocery store . ts about to open the door to he pickup , when he stop : . there be a postcard with he own handwrize on it , address to Jack twist , rfd 2 , childress , Texas . across the address , stamp in red : deceased . ext : riverton : pay telephone : day : 138 a windy day , dust swirl . ennis be dial the telephone . split screen : ennis stand outside , cover one ear / lureen 139 twist's spotless , well -appointed kitchen in childress , TEXAS : lureen , about forty now , hair stiffly style and even bigger , makeup even thicker , business - like , cold , direct , answer the telephone . ennis uh , helio , this be ennis Del Mar , I , uh .... lureen who ? who be this ? inis ennis Del jack , I .... i'm a cold buddy of lureen ( interrupt , speak quickly , allow no interruption ) Jack use to mention you . you be the fishing buddy or the hunt buddy , = know that . would have let you know , but be not sure about you name or address . ( more ) ( continued} 146 141 T i tinued : ; cack keep he friend 's address in he head . qo q ennis why I be callin' , to see what happen .... lureen ( level voice ) oh yeah , Jack be pump up a flat on the truck out on a back road when the tire blow up . the rim slam into he face and break he nose and jaw , knock he unconscious on he back . by the time somebody come along , he have drown in he own blood . terrible thing . he be only thirty - nine year old . ext : riverton : pay telephone : cay : conpinucus : 1406 we've leave lureen , and the screen hold only enwis . ennis can not answer right away . he wonder , suddenly , if it be the tire iron : sharp CUT to ewnis' Pov : middle cf nowhere : dusk : continuous : 141 a flash --sust a few second --ennis and we see , in the evening shadow , a man be beat unmercifully by thres assailant , one of whom use a tire iron . sharp CUT back to ext : riverton : pay telephone : day : continuous : 142 the huge sadness of the northern plain rolis down upon ennis . he do not know which way it be , the tire iron - - or a real accident , blood choke down jack be throat and nobody to turn he over . the wind drone . lureen ( not sure he 's still there ) ++- dello ? ennis he bury down there ? lureen we put @ stone up . he be cremate , like he want , and half he ash be ( hore } ( continued ) 42 43 continued : ennis can interred here . the rest I send up to nis folk . he use to say he want he ash scattered on brokeback Mountain , but I do not know where that be . I think brokeback Mountain be around where he grow up . but know Jack , it might be some pretend place where the bluebird sing and there 's a whiskey spring . hardly speak . ennis ..- we herde sheep up on brokeback one summer ... lureen well , he say it be he favorite place . I think he mean to get drunk . he drank a lot . ennis his folk still up in lightnin ' flat ? lureen they will be there till the day they die . they could not come down for the funeral . ennis thanks for you time , then ... I sure be sorry ... we be gocd friend .... lureen get in touch with he folk . I suppese they would appreciate it if he wish be carry cut . about the ash , I mean . although she be polite , she little voice be as cold as ice . ennis hang up . look like death . int : middle of nowhere , wyoming : pickup truck : day : ennis be drive , on he way to lightn flat . smoke . suddenly begin to fade in and out . Radio on loud , as if to shove away all think . johnny paycheck 's '' take this job and shove it " play . dial ...static ... give up , shut it off . the wind blew , moan . ennis fiddle with the be as you 147 bs. he eae ext : middle of nowhere , wyoming : pickup truck : continuous : we pull back and see the great sweep of the bald , desolate countryside . ennis pass several abandon ranch house sit blank - eye , surround with weed . the corral fence have fall down . a lone hawk circle . ennis slow down . int : outside of lightning flat , wyoming : pickup truck : day : 145 continuous + as he creep along in the pickup , ennis look at the scribble instruction he have scrawle on a piece of cheap tablet paper . come to a dent mailbox next to the highway . - stop , lean out to look . the name have almost wear off , but when he look close , we sez that it say '' John c. twist . '' turn up what seem lixe a very long dirt road . int : outside of lightning flat , wyoming : pickup truck : day : 146 eknis' Pov : continuous : ennis drive up the washboard dirt road , see , far ahead , a dot of a house cn the plain . in the pasture a few scattered cattle -- Black angus , stand in the thin grass . a lone horse stare at the pickup as it pass by . ext : twist homestead : house : front porch : day : continuous : 147 a yather stout woman -- probably sixty the sixty - five --stand on the front porch that stretch across the eront of a tiny brown stucco house , four room , two down , two up : this be jack be childhood home , and this be jack mother . shade she eye as she squint , look at the pickup truck come slowly up she road . move down off the porch and into she yard , careful in she movement , as if recover from a operation . ext : twist homestead : house : driveway : day : continuous : 148 ennis pull he pickup truck next to the front porch . ( continued} 148 0 . continued : 148 stop . get out . tip he hat to jack mother . int : twist homestead : house : kitchen : day : 149 ennis sit at the little kitchen table with jack be parent . across from he sit cack be father , he hand fold on the plastic tablecioth . the father be tough , weatherbeaten , testy , criticai- - make it clear by he manner that he expect to be stud duck in the pond . jack be mother~ - silent , defeat -- stand . ennis can not see jack in either of they . jack mother {a polite shell of a woman ) want some coffee , do not you ? piece cf cherry cake ? ennis ( stiff but polite ) thank you , matam . I will take a cup a coffee , but I can not eat no cake just now . JOHN twist stare at ennis with a ansry , know expressicn . ennis {cont would ) I feel awful bad about Jack ... can not begin to tell you how bad I feel . I know he a long time . ( pause ) T come by to say that if you want I to take he ash up there on brokeback like he wife say he want , I would be proud zo . there be a uncomfortable silence . ennis clear he throat , but then say noch . joen twist tell you what . I know where brokeback Mountain be . he think he be too goddamn special to be bury in the family plot . jack mother --never a part of she husband 's life -- endure this . ( continued ) g po tet > iPad continued : jack mother Jack use to come home every year , even after he be marry and with a family of he own . ( pause ) he would come stay a week or two , help he daddy on the ranch , fix the gate and mow and all . JOHN twist ( angrily ) I can not get no help out here . Jack usec a say , ' ennis de : Mar , ' he use a say , ' I be goin ' a bring he up here one a this day and we will lick this damn ranch into shape . ' he have some half - baked notion the =wo a you be goin ' a move up here , build a cabin , help run the place . ( pause ) then this spring he 's get another fella 's goin 's a come up here with he and build a place and help run the ranch , some ranch neighbor 4 he from down in Texas . he 's goin 's a split up with he wife and come back here . ( sarcastic ) so he say . but like most a Jack 's idea it never come to pass . we see the color drain from ennis be face , as : flashback : ext : side of tee road : wyoming : day : we return 150 once again to ennis' earlier flashback , scene 89 low angle - ennis' father lead ennis and k.e. , ennis be older brother , to the edge of a irrigation ditch . camera be on they back and ennis' father be head be oct of frame . as we approach the ditch , we see the toe of two boot appear . nine year - cid ennis and eleven year - old k.£. look gown at what be earl 's corpse in the earlier flashback . we see ennis , he little boy 's face , fill with horror . then , unlike the earlier flashback , we pan up the body in the ditch . but the bloody face be not ebarl be : it be jack . int : twist homestead : kitchen : day : 151 we return to ennis 's face : he know and we know , now , that it be the tire ircn .... ( continued ) $ 2. continued : 13h a beat . jack 's mother I keep he room like it be when he be 4 boy . I think he appreciate that . ( pause ) , you be welcome to go up in he room , if you want . ennis stand , want to be anywhere but here , in this kitchen , with JOHN twist . ennis I would like that , ma'am , thank you . int : twist homestead : house : top of stair : jack room : 152 day : continuous : we see ennis at the top of a steep set of narrow stair , enter jack be room , tiny and hot , afternoon sun pour through the west window , hit the narrow boy 's bed against the wall . we can hear jack mother downstairs run water , fill the kettle , set it back on the stove , then hear the husband 's ard wife 's meffle conversation . a window look down on the dirt road stretch south ... the enly road out of this godforsake place . a well - use desk and a wooden chair stand against the other wall . a small . 22 hang in a wooden rack over the bed . a ancient photograph of a handsome , dark - haire movie star , maximilian schell , be tape to the wall beside the bed , curl and yellow . ennis ss the closet , walk over to it . a shallow cavity with a wooden rod brace across it , a fade cretonne curtain or a string half - open , close the closet off from the rest of the room . in the closet hang two pair of jeans crease- irore and fold neatly over wire hanger . on the flocr a pair of wear packer boot . ennis look inside the the right , and we see that the cioset make a tiny jog into the wall - - a little hide place -- and there , stiff with long suspension from a nail , hang a shirt . ennis lift it off the nail : it 's jack ' S old shirt from brokeback day , dry blood on the sleeve , ennis be own blood , from they last day together on brokeback , when they be ( cokrtinved ) wo ny 153 $ 3. continued : . . wrestle and ennis slip and jack accidentally kneed he in the nose . the shirt seem heavy . then ennis see that there be another shirt inside it , the sleeve carefully work down inside jack be shirt sleeve : it be ennis be own denim shirt , lose , he would think , long ago up on brokeback Mountain , he dirty | shirt , the pocket rip , button miss , steal by jack ard hide here inside jack be own shirt , the pair like two skin , one inside the other , two in one . ennis press he face into the fabric and breathes in slowly througn he mouth , hope for the faintest smoke and mountain Sage anc salty sweet stink cf jack . but there be no real scent , only the memory of ic , which we see , < 0o0 - ~ a image of the mountain , superimpose -- the imagine power of brokeback Mountain , of which nothing be leave but what he now hold in he tremble hand . int : twist homestead : house : kitchen : day : 153 ennis be back downstairs , he hat in he hand , stand by the screen door . jack mother be place the two shirt in a paper sack for eknis . JOHN twist still sit at the table , stiff and angry as ever . johk thist tell you what , we get a family plot and he 's goin 's in it . ennis , resign to this fact , nod at the old man as if he understand . cack mother hand he the sack with the two shirt . ernis ( to jack be mother ) much oblige , ma'am . jack mother ( sympathetic ) you come back and see we again . ernis put he hat on . leave . 1 wo a '' 155 is7 34 . ext : twist homestead : yard : day : 154 ennis loox back at the house , up at the window tc jack be room . turn , stand in the little yard a moment 1 ) nothing between the lonely house and the far horizon . ext : twist homestead : dirt driveway : day : iss ennis be in he pickup , bump down the washboard road . pass the twist family plot surround by sagging sheep wire , a tiny fence square on the welling prairie , a few grave and a few tilt gravestone , br. i with plastic flower . the leok on he face make it clear he do not want to know that jack be go in there , to be bury forever on the grieve plain . ext : riverton : quik stop carwash : day : 156 exnis be turn the high - pressure spray hose cn a large pile et horse blanket . his pickup sit nearby , filthy . he have not bother to wash it . finishes , stack the wet horse blanket in the back of he pickup truck . look across the street at che gas staticn / convenience store , as he dry he hand on ais jeans . on impulse , he cross the Street , as disdainful as ever of traffic . a suburban have to swerve to avoid hit he . int : gas station / convenience store : day : continuous : 157 ennis be stand at the postcard rack . turn it , lock , not find what he want . linda higgins , large but appeal , be change the filter in the coffee maker . linda higgins hthrows away the use filter ) ennis , you be not no tourist , what be you lockin ' for , rootin ' through they postcard ? ennis scene a brokeback Mountain . ( continued ) @ 157 continued : linda higgins ( puzzle ) over in fremont County ? ennis no , north a here . linda ziggins I do not order none a they . ( go behind she counter ) het I get the crder list . they get it , I can get you a hunderd . I get to order mcre postcard anyway . ennt one 's enough . 188 ext : del mar trailer house : apternoon : the wind , as ever , blow . ennis bolt a new mailbox onto he house just to the 95 . in a 158 ht of the front door . pull a set of stick - on number from he es shirt pocket . peel the one off and precisely apply it , then the Seven : seventeen . step back , admire he work . pick up the plier , walk around the side of the trailer to the driveway . undoe a bungee cord on a dirty metal garbage can , and throw the remain number into the can . lid back on , fix the bungee . pat the look up and see a chevy camaro pull into he driveway behind he truck . geerge Strait 's " all my ex's live in TEXAS " blare from the car stereo . engine cut , music stop . alma jr. step out of the camaro and close the door . ennis smile . alma jr. walk up to she father . ennis ( happy to see he girl ) helic , darlin 's .... alma or . {just as happy ) @ hey , daddy .... a awkward ennis give he oldest daughter a hug . alma JR . return she daddy 's embrace . ( continued ) 5 | 8 9 98. in os continued : alma ir . ( cont would ) like the car ? ennis heaut . where would you get it ? alma gr . it 's kurt 's . ennis ( confuse ) think you be seein ' Troy . alma JR . Troy ? ( roll she eye ) daddy , that be two year ago . & beat . ennis prey still playin ' baseball ? alma ir . do not know what he 's doin’ . I be seein 's kurt now , ennis . what 's this kurt fella do ? alma JR . Works out in the oi1 field . ennis {neds} roughneck . ( beat ) you be nineteen , guess you can date who you want . let 's get in out of the wind . ennis open the door to he trailer and hold it for alma ir . they enter the trailer . the door slam loudly . int : del mar trailer house : afternoon : continuous : . 159 alma jr. sit at a small , tottery formica table . ennis stand and pour she a cup of coffee from a stain Mr. coffee . we hear wind blow , rattling the trailer house . {continued} continued : 159 alma jr. look around the nearly - empty trailer , a homage to plain life minimalism : a tv sit on a plastic milk crate in irent of a batter recliner , che only other furniture besides the chip formica table , two wobbly chair , and a fridge and tiny stove . alma jr. mmake she sad ) daddy , you neéd more furniture . ennis fit the coffee pot back into the Mr. coffee machine . ennis nlook around the empty trailer ) if you do not get nothin' , then you do not need nothin’ . ennis sit down across from she . ennis ( cont would ) what 's the occasion ? alma or . blow on she coffee , something on she mind . alma jr. ( apprehensive ) I and kurt ... we be get marry . ennis light he a cigarette . look at he oldest daughter . znnis how long you know this kurt fella ? alma jr. ( relieved , talk faster ) about a year . wedding will be June fifth at the Methodist Church . francine 's sing , and Monroe 's gonna cater the reception . ( beat ) be hope you would be there . ennis suppose to be on a roundup over near the teton . alma jr. nod she head . understand . 7 ennis look across at he daushter , see she disappointment . { continued ) bot a ‘o 16 9 continued : ( 2 ) ennis . ( smile ) but I reckon they can find themselves another cowboy . ennis stand , take a half - empty bottle of cheap white wine from the fridge - - a legacy of cassie . take two jelly class trom the dry rack next to the sink , unscrew the bottle top , fill both . sit . ennis oraise he glass ) to alma and kurt . alma jr. laugh , and clink she glass with she daddy 's . ennis smile back at he daughter , he face full of regret , and long . int : gas station / convenience store : day ( two week later ) : 160 ennis and linda higgins . linda tuck the one pestcard inte a small envelope . linda higgins that 'li be thirty cent . nsmile at he , like he ) Big investment . ennis lay out a quarter and a nickel . leave . ext : trailer house : day : lea exkis pull he pickup truck in front of he crumpled little trailer house . on nn ) int : trailer house : day : continuous : 1 ennis come inside , the little sack with the postcard in he har ee have hang the two shirt next to a window on a wire hanger suspend from a nail , the one tuck inside the other just as he have find they , as they have be for year , takas the postcard from its sack . use brass -headed thumbtack to tack the postcard of brokeback Mountain on the wall right beside the two shirt . ( cortinued ) continued : step back . lock at the ensemble through a few sting tear . ennis Jack , I swear .... he look out the window , at the great bleakness of the vast northern plain .... the end