broken arrow written by Graham yost FOURTH draft March 7 , 1995 fade in : a fist hit a face the fist be in a box glove . it belong to VIC deakins , 38 . the face belong to rawley hale , 28 . they be in ... int . gymnasium , whiteman afb - day hale and deakin be sparring in a ring . other people be lift weight , shoot basket . in the ring hale and deakin circle each other . hale be shaking cobweb out of he head . deakins you know what happen there ? hale Hell , I barely know what day it be . deakins I set you up . I fake right , go leave three time in a row . you expect it again , I take the right in hard . that 's what box 's all about . make you opponent think you be gonna do one thing , then do another . like Ali in Zaire , use the rope-a-dope on Foreman . ( mime rope - a- dope ) everyone think Ali 's arm be get destroy , when he be really just let Foreman tire himself out . eighth round , Ali start hit , George 's get nothing leave -- fight 's over . hale the fact that I can not feel the leave side of my face -- that 's okay , right ? deakin laugh . hale seize the relaxed moment and suddenly launch into deakin with a flurry of punch . the other people in the gym take notice -- the fight be get real . they move to the ring . deakins several of hale 's punch land . deakin stagger back , catch off guard . it look like he might even go down . 2 . hale he cock he arm back . he could finish deakin off . but he do not . he drop he fist . deakins seize the opportunity and slug back . the crowd love it . hale and deakins now deakin have the upperhand . he back hale around the ring . deakins do not watch my hand -- watch my shoulder . that 's where the punch start . ready ? deakin hit hale hard in the face , send he back . the spectator be circle the ring , follow the fighter , cheer . hale and deakins deakins you be look at my hand . let 's try it again . ready ? deakin hit hale hard . he 's get hale on the run . deakins come on . focus. ready ? ( punch ) my shoulder . ready ? deakin fake leave , put everything into one big uppercut . it connect . hale land , daze , blood trickle out of the corner of he mouth . deakins he 's in silhouette , the light above he . hale look up at deakin , catch he breath . 3. hale and deakins deakin offer he hand . hale push it aside . deakin ignore hale , grab he and help he to he foot . deakin climb out of the ring between the rope . hale grab the top rope and flip himself over , landing on he foot . deakin give hale a look , laugh , shake he head . int . shower hale let the water rinse the blood off he face . int . locker room - day hale and deakin be sit on the bench between they locker , get into they flightsuit , pull on boot . deakin be smoking a cigarette . the smoke curl up into the light slant down across the room from high window . hale' locker be in sunlight . on the inside of he locker door be picture of exotic plane -- the sr - 71 , a sweep -wing fighter , a artist 's rendition of the aurora , etc . deakins ' locker on the shady side of the room . nothing on the inside of he locker door . the locker be spare , Zen-like in its neatness . hale here . hale' hand slam a twenty dollar bill down on the bench . deakins I can not take that . hale oh , shut up . deakins really . I feel bad . how many time have we fight and how many time have you win ? hale jerk . deakins well , if you insist . deakin grin , fold the bill and jam it into he flightsuit . 4. deakins you know why I beat you ? hale because you have be box for twenty year and you be much better at it than I be ? deakins you do not want it enough . you have I today . I be back on my heel . but you do not close the door . hale we be just sparring . deakins life be not sparring , hale . hale I think I see that on a T-shirt . deakin pull out the twenty dollar bill ; hand it back to hale . deakins here . hale no , that 's yours . deakins if you be not give it everything you have get , then I do not want it . hale no , I mean -- that 's yours , literally . I take it out of you wallet when you be in the shower . deakin laugh , put the money away . ext . whiteman AIR force base - dusk plane taxiing , vehicle move . int . whiteman mission briefing room deakin and hale enter to find general boone , 5as . deakins / hale General . 5 . boone gentlemen . ( nod at no smoking sign ) deak ? deakins sorry . ( put out cigarette ) what 's the mission , General ? boone simulate a border penetration . hug the ground . scare some cow . see if anyone can spot you . hale the usual ...? boone no , actually , it 's a little unusual . you be carry a couple of nuke tonight , fella . ( off they look ) palmdale 's afraid low - level gamma and x- ray diffusion might screw up the peripheral . they ask we to send a couple on a run , see if anything glow . hale ' 61 ? boone ( shake head ) Big one . ' 83 . hale ooh . crowpleaser . int . hangar a bomb truck carry two B - 83 nuclear weapon drive under the wing of a big , black plane , toward the open bomb bay . ground crewmen be hurry about . hale and deakins enter and walk under the plane , nodd to the ground crew . hale and deakin be royalty . deakin and hale climb up the airplane 's Crew entry step and disappear . int . cockpit hale and deakin climb into a very strange cockpit . there be two pilot ' seat in this plane , with duplicate control . 6 . but instead of the usual dial and gauge on the control panel , there be four computer screen in front of each pilot . hale get into the leave seat ; deakin the right . they review information on they screen , flip switch . intercut with bomb be load into the bomb bay . when they have be clamp into place in the rotary bomb rack ... deakins ( into helmet mike ) ready for rollout . int . / ext . hangar alarm horn sound , wheel roll on track and the huge hangar door open revealing ... the ghost a enormous black fly wing . int . cockpit deakin look at map on he computer screen . hale look over , see the map of Utah . hale you know , this exercise be fantastic . I mean , when that day come and we finally go to war against Utah , we be really go to kick ass . CUT to : ext . canyonland national park , utah - night Bright moonlight show a campfire burn at the edge of a escarpment , the Colorado River a thousand foot below . near the campfire be a Army surplus tent . next to it , a easel hold a painting in progress . a park ranger truck drive up , stop . the driver 's door open , and out get ... a ranger we do not see he face in the dark . he switch on a flashlight , walk over and tap on the tent . ranger Park Ranger . I would like to talk to somebody about this fire . 7 . we hear a man and a woman -- jim and wanda , 60 -- wake up . jim ( o.s. ) wha - -? oh , hell . wanda ( o.s. ) I will talk to he , Jim . jim ( o.s. ) wanda , you stay put . Jim come out of the tent , the ranger 's light in he face . jim I know -- no wood fire in the Park . it 's just -- wanda 's get a cold and I want she to stay warm . ranger Sir , you see any other hiker , camper anywhere around here ? jim not this time of year . what 's the fine for something like this ? ranger you life . Jim grin . but the ranger pull out a pistol and shoot Jim , who fall into the fire . he then put three shot through the wall of the tent . nothing move . the Ranger -- call he baker -- pull out a walkie-talkie , click on . baker done . headlight come on and two Humvees roll in and four man get out . Three of they -- johnson , a tech - whiz ; lett , gangly , grim , and novacek , a wiry guy in a baseball cap -- start set up what look to be a high - tech missile launcher . the fourth man be ... mr. pritchett a neatly groom man , 40s , with a perpetually sour attitude . he look like -- and be -- a lawyer . pritchett ( to Baker , be : Jim in FIRE ) Jesus . do you think maybe you could get he out of the fire ? unless you like that smell . 8. ext . the night sky the ghost fly overhead , roaring . int . cockpit deakin and hale check they screen . deakins ( think of something ) be not you go to call Taylor today about the aurora Project ? hale yeah . turn out he want people with more fighter hour . deakins what would you say ? hale what could I say ? deakins Jesus . you be such a pussy . you never fight for anything . hale be stung . piss , he go on the offensive . hale yeah , well you know what you problem be ? deakins because I say what you problem be , you be gonna --? hale you fight too much . ( deakin look at he ) right ? you say it yourself -- you should be at least wing Commander by now . maybe you would be if you do not insist on tell people what they be do wrong all the time . deakins I be usually right though , be not I ? hale shake he head , grin . deakin click on he mike . deakins ghost 7 to mcmurran . hey , Wilkins , you old bag of dirt , you boy in Utah still awake ? 9. ext . mcmurran AIR force base - utah establish shot of mcmurran Air Force base . int . mcmurran control CENTER jamme with men look at radar screen and computer monitor . colonel wilkin , 5as , see it all , talk over a headset . wilkin ready and wait , Mr. deakin . and tell we favorite hotshot , he 's not gonna lose we tonight . int . cockpit deakin cover he mike , turn to hale . deakins Wilkins say you will not lose they tonight . hale tell Colonel Wilkins I could fly this puppy up he ass without he know . deakins ( grin , shake he head ; into helmet mike ) hale say ... if anyone can catch he it would be you . int . mcmurran control CENTER cu radar screen the ghost make a prominent blip on the screen . wilkin everyone get a fix ! they be about to turn out the light ! int . cockpit deakin turn to hale . deakins ready , Major ? hale on you word . deakins go to war . 10 . close on control panel - three button the leave , label take off , be light . the other two button be mission and landing . hale push mission . the cockpit everything go quiet . ext . night sky the plane 's run light go out . the roar of the engine quickly drop to a low rush sound . the plane in in full stealth mode . int . mcmurran control CENTER cu radar screen the ghost 's blip disappear . wilkin lose them on active ! who 's still get them ? ir crewman get they heat signature , sir . ( point to computer screen ) they engine may be cold , but the air be colder . cu computer screen half of the screen show a waveform , like a voiceprint . the other half show a triangle move across a map of Colorado . int . cockpit deakin study the map on the computer screen . deakins descend to 400 foot agl . River valley approach . hale airspeed lock at point-seven Mach . Blue line descent on throttle to 400 foot agl . hale pull back on the throttle . the plane descend . hale time to limbo down . how low can we go . 11 . ext . night sky the ghost drop away from we , a stark black cut - out against the moonlit Colorado landscape . the Colorado River be a wind silver ribbon five mile below . ext . canyonland national park , utah - night a park ranger truck driving along the blacktop . the driver be not Baker . it 's ... terry carmichael pretty , late 20 . her radio squawk . clyde ( v.0 . ) Terry ? you be through the Needles entrance tonight ? terry ( grab mike , answer ) no . why ? clyde ( v.0 . ) Mrs. parker call -- terry oh , God . what be it this time ? ufo abduction ? ritual human sacrifice ? clyde ( v.0 . ) she say she see a bunch of truck go through the Needles entrance a hour ago and think they look suspicious . terry yes , well , this be a woman who chop off one of she own finger because it would " turn on she . " clyde ( v.0 . ) thing be , she say one of the truck be ours , and you be the only one out . terry ( arch eyebrow ) she be probably hallucinate , but I will check it out . ext . colorado river valley - thirty mile up river we feel the ghost before we hear it . it rush over , close to the river , below the ridgeline on either side of the valley . 12 . int . mcmurran control CENTER the triangle represent the ghost disappear from a computer screen . ir crewman lose them . wilkin stay on it . they be gonna have to come up for air sooner or later . int . cockpit deakin read he computer screen . deakins we be under the radar . proceed to primary target . hale hit a button , let go of the stick -- they be on autopilot . it 's a moment of peace . hale look out . hale I tell people I become a pilot because I want to fly cool plane . it 's also for this . when we be up here , I feel ... closer ... I do not know . deakins to God ? be that what you be go to say ? that you feel closer to God up here ? ( snort ) Hell , hale , with the payload we be carry , we be God . deakin notice something odd on he screen . he check between the screen and what he can see through the windshield . deakins hale , take a look out you side . I think we terrain follow be off . it 's get we two klick from the leave flank ridge . hale turn to look out the window on he side . hale' Pov look out the window . there 's some movement in the reflection in the glass . quick pull focus to see , distort in the curve of the window , deakin reach inside he flight suit . 13 . hale turn he head back toward deakin . hale deak , you can not smoke in here -- but then hale see it 's not a cigarette that deakin be pull out of he flight suit . it 's shiny , metal . it 's ... a gun and deakin level it right at hale 's head and he finger start to squeeze the trigger . hale grab deakin ' hand , push up as ... deakins pull the trigger and the gun fire . hale the bullet cut a line through the top of he helmet , punch a hole in the window by he head . deakins and hale deakin go for another shot , but hale grab the gun and push up , send bullet through the ceiling of the plane , into the wall . deakin force the gun down , fire . the bullet tear through hale 's harness , blow apart a shoulder strap . hale and deakins hale bring deakin ' gun hand hard against hale 's own helmet . deakin yowl and the gun go fly . then hale see something . the plane be banking towards a ridge - line cliff wall . hale see it , yank on the stick . the plane bank hard away from the cliff , just miss . 14 . ext . canyonland Baker give a sign . Johnson , stand beside the missile launcher - like device , hit a button . instead of a missile , a brilliant light shoot out . int . cockpit armament control button button include one , two , lock , left , right , OPEN , close , arm and release . deakin press one and two , then right . hale no ! he pull at deakin ' arm . cu computer screen graphic of bomb rack rotate , the B - 83 nuke -- label and glow red -- move into the bottom spot . the word release appear on the screen . next to it , the word unarmed flash . hale and deakins deakin hit hale with the back of he hand , knock he back . hale grab deakin ' helmet , yank it off he head and smashes deakin back with it . hale key the armament button . cu computer screen the nuke rotate out of the release position . release and unarmed disappear . hale and deakins deakin grab a fire extinguisher , swing it , get hale in the face . hale be almost knock out , blood run from he nose . ext . park - needle area Terry be stand by she truck , talk on the radio . terry clyde , tell Mrs. parker that there 's nothing weird go on . no truck , no ufo , and , except for the odd human head on a stick , no sign of Satan . she feel it before she hear it or see it . 15 . the ghost rushes over Terry , no more than fifty foot above the ground . the jet -wash rock the truck , almost knock Terry down . terry Holy shit . int . cockpit hale groggy , hear a loud click . he look down to see ... deakins ' hand auto to manual . deakin grab hale 's ejection handle . hale and deakins hale try to push the handle down as deakin pull it up as ... ext . the ghost head into the beacon light . int . cockpit hale and deakin look at each other as the plane enter the light and the light , in slow motion , wash across they face . deakins suddenly let go of hale 's hand , then hit hale hard under the chin with the fire extinguisher . hale his head snap back as deakin pull . hale' ejection seat handle pop , hiss like a huge vacuum - seal can be be open . ext . above ghost the ejection hatch blow and be rip away by the wind . hale' Pov as he rocket up out of the cockpit . hale when the chute open , he almost spill out because of the severe shoulder harness . he grab the strap , hold on . 16 . ext . on the ground Terry , on the radio with clyde . terry somebody eject ! int . cockpit debris -- coffee cup , flight bag , anything not nail down -- be whipping around the inside of the cabin . deakin reach through the maelstrom , then reach to the armament button and punch they . int . bomb bay the the clamp snap back and the two b- 83 drop toward the earth . int . cockpit deakin look around , then get a idea . he hit the landing mission mode button and the cockpit light up . int . mcmurran control CENTER the ghost start pop up on everyone 's screen . there 's a chorus of " I get they ! " and " they be ba -a- a-ck ! " Wilkins look at a screen , puzzle . wilkin they be not due for another halfhour . int . ghost cockpit deakin yell into he helmet mike as he get ready to eject . deakins ( into helmet mike ) this be deakin ! hale lose it ! I have to punch out ! deakin pull he second handle . blam ! whoosh ! he 's go . he hear and feel the plane drop , scream toward the earth . int . mcmurran control CENTER cu radar screen the ghost 's blip suddenly disappear from the screen . a chorus of " what the hell ? " and " Jesus . " wilkin that 's not good . 17 . ext . mcmurran runway alarm horn blare . five men be run to a wait blackhawk helicopter . waving the man on be Wilkins . the last man up be ... lieutenant colonel SAM rhode 40s , short grey hair : he could snap you neck with a look . Wilkins pat Rhodes on the shoulder and Rhodes jump into ... the helicopter and it lift up and fly off . ext . canyonland hale lie , unconscious , he parachute whipping in the wind . int . / ext . search and rescue helicopter /desert the helicopter glide over wind - whipped sand , searchlight on . Rhodes sit with mckellar , the pilot . lieutenant kelly , reed and thomas be in the back . in the sand something glint in the searchlight but the helicopter move on . rhode hold it . come back . the light sweep back , find ... the tip of black wing stick out of the sand . CUT to : ext . pentagon - night establish shot . int . pentagon - situation room aka " the War room . " phone , fax , computer , tv monitor , backlit map and coffee . present be general ( include Air Force General creeley ) , the chairman of the joint chief of staff ( chairman ) and assistant , all in uniform . they turn as ... baird enter . baird , 60 , be the White House Chief of staff . his assistant stay in the b.g. as baird walk in . 18 . baird so , do I wake the President ? chairman where be he -- Las Vegas ? baird ( nods ) Computer convention . some information superhighway crap . chairman let he sleep for now . ( hand baird a piece of paper ) we be go out with this . Rick 's team prepare it . the chairman nod toward rick . baird read , mumble . baird " United States Air Force ... regret to announce ... C - 130 heavy - lift cargo plane ... down over the Utah desert ... status of crew not determine at this time ... yadda yadda ... Nice bullshit , Rick . baird hand it to Rick , who start for the door . gile ( o.s. ) that 's a mistake . the room quiet . all eye on ... gile baird 's intensely competent assistant . baird gile ...? gile Aviation week have be follow this plane 's development for year . they have stringer who spend they vacation sit in lawnchair all night long by the whiteman perimeter fence just in case one of this thing take off . the boy in that lawnchair know one take off tonight . they be go to know when it do not come back . ( more ) 19 . gile ( cont would ) and when we put out a press release say a C - 130 go down in Utah , they be go to put two and two together . Aviation week will run a story , everyone will know what really happen and we be go to look real stupid . ( beat ) we might as well tell the truth . baird ( mock shock ) the truth ? how the hell do you get this job ? a few chuckle in the room . baird look at the Chairman -- well ? the Chairman think for a second , nod . baird turn to Rick . baird rewrite it . what gile just say . Rick grit he tooth and hurry out . baird look at gile . baird I want you in Utah . now . gile nod , head out . baird grab he arm . baird you scare I sometimes . gile Hell , sir . sometimes I scare myself . and out gile go . ext . ghost crash site Rhodes and he man be on the ground . wind be whipping the sand . Rhodes be walk under part of the wing that be expose . he 's yell into a headset microphone . rhode ( into mike ) cockpit 's empty ! we be check the payload ! int . mcmurran control CENTER Wilkins talk to Rhodes over the radio . wilkin watch you needle ! 20 . ext . ghost crash site Rhodes walk up to he man who be in the process of open the bomb bay door manually . the door be open a foot . Rhodes signal he man to stop . Rhodes step up , shine a light into the bomb bay . inside bomb bay Rhodes ' light play over the bomb rack -- empty . rhode ( into headset mike ) Colonel ? ( take breath ) we have get ourselves a Broken Arrow . int . pentagon - situation room stun silence . they have just get the news . baird do not know what it mean . baird Broken Arrow ? chairman that 's what we call it when we lose a nuclear weapon . baird oh , Jesus . ( think , shake head ) I do not know what 's scarier -- lose nuclear weapon or the fact that it happen so often that you people have a term for it . int . mcmurran control CENTER Wilkins be on the radio with Rhodes . wilkin find the nuke , Sam . but be careful . I know they say that egg can not be crack , but if you geiger pick up more rad than you would get off a toaster , I want you out of there . Wilkins to the corporal . wilkin get the team in . I want Colonel Rhodes and he man back up . 21 . int . pentagon situation room cu computer screen various view of a B - 83 nuclear weapon . creeley be briefing baird on the nuke . baird they drop from a plane but they do not go off ...? creeley they have to be armed to detonate . baird then they be destroy ? creeley ( shake head ) they be design to survive crash intact . they can lie in a pool of burn jet fuel for five hour without any problem . baird how do this happen ? creeley in he last transmission , Colonel deakin say Major hale lose control . he probably hit weapon release by accident . believe I , when a plane 's augure in , you start push every button you can . baird stand , look at a picture of a ghost shake he head . baird Hell , we should take the cost of the plane out of major hale 's salary . although I guess at two billion dollar a pop , that could take a while . ext . canyonland - dawn hale be still unconscious , lie beside he parachute . there 's the crunch of footstep and a figure loom over hale . the figure reach down to touch hale 's shoulder and ... hale spin , grab the shirt of the figure and cock he arm about to punch . he hesitates when he see it 's ... 22 . terry she seize hale 's hesitation and punch he hard . hale and terry hale be stunne . Terry start to get up , reach for she gun . hale strike out with a leg , get Terry in the gut , send she back . she hit the ground , still struggle for she gun . hale get up , run , sprinting off over the rocky terrain . he Pov jarring , racing over rock and then ... hale pull up fast , almost not fast enough . hale' Pov he 's stop right at the edge of a fifty foot drop . terry ( o.s. ) that would be the wrong way . terry be walk slowly , calmy , up behind hale , pistol out . terry turn around . hale ( turning ) look , I -- terry ( not interested ) gimme you hand . hale stick he hand behind he . Terry handcuffs they . hale I be go to tell you something I can not tell you . Terry put away she gun , spin hale around and start march he off . hale there be nuclear weapon on that plane . the guy I be fly with be try to steal they . Terry react to that , but keep hale move . 23 . hale I have to stop he , and I need you help . terry ( stop ) look , pal , all I know be , I see you come down , I come in to help you and you grab I , kick I and run away . hale I only run because you punch I . terry what , we be ten year old now ? " you start it . no you start it . " hale he have man on the ground . I -- terry save it . my dog 's wait for he breakfast . Terry start to push hale along again and ... hale jump up and through the handcuffs . terry reaches for she revolver , but ... hale grab it from she , put it to -her head , but not before ... terry whip a knife from she belt and put it under hale 's chin . hale and terry do not move . a beat while they catch they breath . hale this be not a stand - off , okay ? I have get a gun . terry yeah , well , I never keep my gun load . Terry tap she belt . 24 . close on her belt a line of bullet . hale and terry Terry hold out she hand . hale let the revolver swing down on he finger . just as Terry take it ... hale move fast , grab Terry 's knife hand , then kick she leg out from under she . hale land on top of she , still hold she knife hand , put the knife to she throat . hale I be tell you the truth . terry this be a good way to convince I . hale I could kill you now . right ? Terry nod , bewilder and more than a little scared . hale let go of Terry 's hand hold the knife . hale I need you help . Terry look at hale for a long moment . she 's still hold the knife . she exhales , then stick the knife in the dirt . int . / ext . helicopter the helicopter fly low . Rhodes look at a device on he lap . on the device screen Green , like a radar screen . it 's blank , and then two dot appear on the outer edge of the screen . rhode get them ! ext . canyonland Terry unlock hale 's handcuffs . terry I have get a radio in the truck . we can call mcmurran and get the Marines in here . 25 . hale ( shake head ) deakin will be monitoring any radio transmission out of here . ( off she look ) that 's what I would do . terry who be this guy ? hale ( a flash of the horrible betrayal he feel ) someone I would have trust with my life . ( beat ) you have gotta get to a phone . terry I ? what be you go to do ? ( no answer , she realize ) wait . you be gonna go after this guy ? be not he go to have a lot gun and shit ? I do not want to sound insulting or anything , but ... you be just a pilot . hale I do not have any choice . the nuke be my responsibility . besides ... ( pull something from pocket ) I do have one thing go for I . terry what 's that ? hale stick ... a twenty dollar bill under a rock . hale the last thing in the world he expect be for I to come after he . hale walk off into the light of the rise sun . Terry look at the $ 20 bill . ext . crevice site the helicopter be park at the edge of a deep crevice . 26 . down in the crevice Rhodes come down the last few foot of rope to the bottom of the crevice . Kelly , Thomas and reed be wait , shine light on a B - 83 lie in the dirt , all in one piece . rhode ( into mike ) we have get one intact . ( to he man ) let 's go find the other one . Rhodes start off along the bottom of the crevice . ext . top of the crevice - by the helicopter mckellar be sit in the pilot 's seat , eat a candy bar . he turn at the unexpected sound of a truck -drive up . a humvee climb up the slope toward the helicopter . mckellar grab he rifle , hop out of the helicopter . novacek and lett be in the humvee . novacek stick he head out . novacek hey , you guy need any help ? mckellar it 's a Air Force training exercise , sir . I be go to have to ask you to leave . novacek hey , no problem . we just -- lett whip out a silence rifle and shoot . mckellar barely have time to raise he rifle before he 's hit . he drop . another humvee drive up fast . baker , johnson and pritchett get out . Johnson wear radio headgear . pritchett be furious . 27 . novacek pick up mckellar 's half - eat candy bar , take a bite . baker ( to novacek ) any sign of deakin ? novacek , mouth full , shake he head . pritchett he better be dead . deakins ( o.s. ) sorry to disappoint you , Mr. pritchett . they all look over to see ... deakins walk out of the shadow , smoking a cigarette . while soldierly with he man , deakin be courteous and polite with pritchett . pritchett you say nothing would go wrong ! deakins well , point of fact , nothing have . pritchett you do not drop the nuke where you be suppose to ! deakins ah , but we always plan on the search and rescue team find the weapon for we , and they have . Mr. pritchett , I really have think of everything . Johnson walk up , point to he radio headgear . johnson newsflash . two gunship just leave from mcmurran and they be head this way . pritchett you think of that ? deakins that will take care of itself . pritchett what about the other pilot ? we see he eject . 28 . deakins you do not have to worry about Major hale . he 's probably hide behind a rock somewhere , praying I do not find he . johnson someone else might find he . ( off deakin ' look ) a Ranger call she base , say she see a pilot come down and be gonna go look for he . deakin think it over , turn to novacek . deakins get ready . you will go when the clean - up 's do . novacek nod , go to the helicopter . ext. canyonland - 4wd trail hale and Terry be hurry along a 4 WD trail toward Terry 's truck . Terry take a look at hale 's rip and tear flightsuit . terry be that the new uniform ? hale yeah . less constrict . terry the dayshift guy leave some work clothes in the truck . you can have they if you want . hale nod . his foot crunch on something . terry do not walk there . hale do not walk where ? terry on that black stuff . that 's cryptogamic soil . it 's very fragile . one footprint take century to repair . hale that 's a new one . endangered dirt . Terry give hale a look . 29 . ext . bottom of the crevice Rhodes , reed , Thomas and Kelly move along the shadowy crevice . int . helicopter novacek flip switch in the helicopter , get ready to start up . deakin reach in , flip off a switch mark com link . ext . bottom of crevice Rhodes hear the connection go dead . he tap he headset . rhode hello ? mcmurran ? come in . suddenly , there 's a soft pop sound and reed drop . rhode reed ? what the --? Rhodes look down , see blood on reed . before he can say another word , there 's a fusillade of soft pop sound as silence bullet ricochet off the rock around they . Thomas go down . int . mcmurran control CENTER silence from the speaker . wilkin Sam ? Sam , be you there ? Sam ? ext . top of crevice lett aim a sniper 's rifle down into the crevice . he flip a switch and a red laser beam stab out from the scope . ext . bottom of crevice Rhodes and Kelly be press against the crevice wall . the red laser bean dance along the wall , head for they . rhode raise he pistol and shoot at the source of the laser . ext . atop the crevice lett pitch back , dead . 30 . pritchett and deakins pritchett look at deakin -- another part of the plan ? deakin be unperturb . he 's hold a overnight bag . he unzip it . ext . bottom of the crevice Rhodes whisper to Kelly . rhode we will open up the access panel , put in a couple grenade . the nuke will not go nuclear , but they will go dirty . I will not lie and say we will be all right . we will not . but if we be gonna go , might as well take that bastard with we . Rhodes scramble off . kelly just one thing , sir . rhode ( turn ) what ? kelly this . Kelly open fire with he rifle . Rhodes be throw back , dead . Kelly yell up top . kelly done ! Kelly grab the rope , climb fast . ext . atop the crevice Mr. pritchett look at deakin , surprised . deakin -- put on new clothes -- just grin . deakin take ... the twenty dollar bill from he flightsuit and put it into he shirt pocket . kelly climb into view . int . mcmurran control CENTER Kelly 's voice come in over the speaker . 31 . kelly ( v.0 . ) ( terrified ) Colonel Wilkins ? you there ? wilkin who be this ? kelly ( v.0 . ) it 's Lieutenant Kelly , sir . wilkin what happen , Kelly ? ext . atop crevice Kelly talk over the helicopter 's radio mike . deakin be behind he , shave with a electric shaver . kelly Colonel Rhodes be dead , sir ! they be all dead ! wilkin ( V. 0 . ) what happen ? deakin put the shaver to the radio mike . there 's a wash of 40 static . deakin pull the shaver away , nod to Kelly . kelly it 's the nuke , sir ! it 's open ! Wide open ! oh , God , what be I go to do ?! deakin put the shaver to the mike again -- more static . he reach into the helicopter and flip off the com link switch , then back away , shave . he nod to novacek , who fire up the helicopter . int . mcmurran control CENTER Wilkins slump in he chair . wilkin call back the team and get I the room . we be gonna need nest in here . ext . crevice site novacek lift off in the helicopter and fly away . deakin turn to Kelly and applaud he performance . deakins bring a tear to my eye . 32 . kelly I would just like to thank the member of the Academy . pritchett ( to deakin ) I hope you have get another surprise up you sleeve . if I be not mistaken , there be two attack helicopter head this way . johnson not any longer . they look at he ; he tap he radio headgear . johnson they have just be recall . deakins you see , Mr. pritchett , they think they have get a expose core . they will want to get a satellite to take a look , but it will take ninety minute minimum to shift the orbit . until then ? well , people get a little weird when it come to radiation . no one will have the ball to come near here unless it 's nest -- the nuclear emergency search team -- and it will take the nearest team at least two hour to get out here , and we only need a hour to reach we connection with the transport squad . ( grins ) not that I be not delighted with you presence , but you really do not need to be here . int . / ext . terry's truck - 4wd trail hale and Terry be riding in Terry 's truck . Terry drive . hale be wear work clothes . after some silence ... hale what 's you dog 's name ? terry bear . I be go to call he death , so I could say thing like , " I walk with death , " and " death chew my boot , " but I chicken out . you ? hale no dog . 33. terry do you have a name , or be that classified ? before hale can answer ... the search and rescue helicopter rise up in front of they , novacek piloting . novacek thumb a button and machine gun on the side open up . terry and hale Terry jump on the brake . she and hale bail out as ... the truck be riddled with bullet and explode . terry and hale sprint up the trail . hale we have gotta hide ! terry follow I ! Terry lead hale up a short slope . hale scramble over the top and be stunne . Terry run out onto a open expanse -- no cover . hale hide where ? in the helicopter novacek grin , shoot . hale look at the helicopter as the bullet whistle in . when he turn back , Terry 's go . hale what the --? terry ( o.s ) come on ! hale run in the direction of she voice . novacek's Pov aiming at hale 's back . but then hale suddenly drop from view . 34 . hale arm flail , drop fifteen foot , to deep sand . terry this way . Terry run . hale follow . hale how do you --? terry ( look back , still running ) I be a Ranger . I have be over this trail a million time . not look , Terry run straight into a wall , smack she head and drop like a rock . in the helicopter novacek can not see he prey . he get a idea and reach back . terry and hale Terry be try to get she eye to focus . terry please do not tell anyone I do that . in the helicopter novacek have a box of grenade beside he . he pull the pin on a grenade and drop it . terry and hale hale be help Terry to she foot as boom -- the first grenade go off . they run . the helicopter chase they , strafing they . boom ! -- a grenade go off in front of they . they run back . they be cornere . hale look around , look up . hale can you climb up ? terry yeah ...? hale give I you gun . 35 . top of cliff Terry climb up into view of ... novacek who see she . terry pull herself up , stand , hand up . the helicopter novacek swivel the helicopter around . terry this have nothing to do with I . novacek tell I where he be ! hale be down in the fissure , point the revolver straight up at the helicopter hover right overhead , figure out where to shoot . hale blackhawk ... move pilot seat back a foot ... put he right about ... here . hale hesitates -- he 's never shot at someone before -- then take a breath and start shoot . in the helicopter the bullet fly up from below . one hit novacek . he slump , push the joystick to one side . the helicopter start to lean over sideways . hale be surprised -- it work ! ' terry watch in horror as ... the helicopter's MAIN rotor blade angle toward she , slice the air as the helicopter tip over . 36 . terry dive and roll over the edge of the cliff as ... the rotor blade hit the rock , sparking , grind , right over Terry 's head . the blade stop dead . but the torque of the motor bring ... the tail of the helicopter up and over , in a high arc . terry look up . the tail -- section be swinging over fast and the tail rotor be come right for she . hale and terry hale run up , grab Terry , pull she to she foot as ... the tail section swing down , rotor spin . it dig into the dirt and sand a split-second after ... hale and terry run clear . ext . atop crevice deakin and pritchett watch a fireball from the explode helicopter rise up in the distance . pritchett we do not have to worry about the other pilot ? deakin shake he head . pritchett then how come the helicopter crash ? deakins ( a flicker of worry ) Pilot error . deakin turn and walk away , over to ... 37 . baker and kelly who have take the three - foot , point , front section off each nuke . they be load they into the back of one humvee . pritchett walk up behind deakin , still nag . pritchett tell I again how I do not need to be here . deakins Mr. pritchett , I understand you concern . you and you associate give I a lot of money to mount this operation . but they be get ten time that back if we succeed . pritchett if we succeed ? deakins all I can do be my part . we have get the weapon , we be ... ( check watch ) ... seventeen minute ahead of schedule and everything will be in place within two hour . but I can not guarantee that the asshole in Washington will not do something stupid like not pay . pritchett what if they do not ? deakins then the next census for this region be go to show a very sudden drop in population . int . mcmurran control room gile enter and be bring over to Wilkins . gile Colonel Wilkins ? I be gile prentice . ( they shake hand ) my word from you search and rescue team ? wilkin no . 38 . gile I be sorry . picked up any radiation ? Wilkins shake he head . gile that 's kind of strange -- if there 's a expose core out there . wilkin Point ? gile probably nothing . I ask for a transcript of the last cockpit transmission ...? Wilkins nod to a corporal who hand some papers to gile . gile read they quickly . wilkin I do not know what you expect to find . cu transcript we see colonel deakins : " this be deakin ! hale lose it ! oh , God ! I have to punch out ! " gile you know this guy ? the pilot ? wilkin just on the radio . never meet them . why ? gile ( look up ) what if this be not pilot error ? int . pentagon situation room baird have put gile on speaker phone . the people in the situation room exchange look . baird no rhetorical question , gile . spit it out . 39 . crosscut with gile in mcmurran control room gile in the last transmission from the plane , Colonel deakin say Major hale lose it and make the plane crash . we all assume that mean pilot error . but what if deakin mean hale make the plane crash . murmur of " that 's insane " " no way " fill the room . baird why would he do that ? gile two nuclear weapon would be worth a hell of a lot of money . chairman to whom ? Son , there be easier way for someone to buy nuclear weapon . you go to one of the old Soviet republic , you can get one for the price of a BMW . gile I mean they would be worth a lot of money to we . how much would we pay to get they back ? to make sure they be not use in this country ? a flurry of look around the room . baird hold on , hold on . ( to creeley ) this nuke have code or something that prevent people from use they . creeley of course . baird no one have this code -- outside of the President and you guy . creeley access to the code require the high security -- baird I mean , not even the pilot have this code , right ? 40 . creeley start to stammer . baird slump . the chairman turn . chairman ( to a assistant ) where 's that nest team now ? assistant they just take off . ext . nest helicopter - in flight a sleek , very serious - look helicopter . int . nest helicopter six very serious - look soldier be in black radiation suit , listen to colonel hunt , 45 , over headsets . hunt listen up , sportsfan . Word be , this particular break arrow have break open . we eta Utah be ninety - six minute . I want everyone to take that time to triple - check the seam and seal on they e-suit . let 's go ! int . mcmurran control room gile look at Wilkins . gile you think I be nut . you do not think nest or the satellite will find anything weird . wilkin that 's right . ( beat ) but it would not hurt to get some gunship fuel just in case . Wilkins reach for a phone . gile smile . ext . helicopter explosion site the helicopter wreck burn . hale look over the terrain . hale how do they get out of here ? terry get out ? I do not think that helicopter 's go anywhere . 41 . hale deak would have a back -up . he would be prepare . terry if they have get truck they could take the four- wheel - drive trail we be on . hale he would not want to go towards town . terry he could go to the river . hale look at Terry -- that 's exactly what deakin would do . ext . 4wd trail the two Humvees roll along the narrow , twist trail . in the second humvee Kelly drive , deakin beside he , Johnson and pritchett in back . deakins you a fan of box , Mr. pritchett ? pritchett I think it 's barbaric . deakins I , too ! I love it ! two man try to do as much damage to the other as he can . as basic as you can get , do not you think ? pritchett I think it should be ban . deakins so do i! God , would not that make it more exciting ? have to go into dark alley and basement to see a fight ? I bet we see eye - to - eye on a lot of thing , Mr. pritchett . deakin grin ; Mr. pritchett steam . ext . canyonland hale and Terry stand on a outcropping overlook the 4 WD trail . 42 . there Pov the two Humvees make they way along the trail . hale see the one in front ? it just have a driver ? they want to keep the weight down . it have the nuke . hale take Terry 's gun from she . terry you gonna shoot out the tire ? hale Humvees can reseal and inflate with the flick of a switch . that 's why deak choose them . Terry look at hale -- then what be he go to do ? hale I be gonna steal it . ( check gun ) you get to a phone and call mcmurran . terry the nearest phone be a two -hour walk . hale then you better start walk . terry look , I know my way around here . you be gonna need I . hale ( very serious ) I appreciate what you have do so far . but now it get hairy . go to the phone . he scramble off over the rock . the humvee come around a corner . the trail hug the face of a ten-foot - high cliff . suddenly , from off the cliff ... hale and terry jump down onto the roof of the lead humvee . hale look at Terry , angry . but before he can say anything ... 43. in the humvee Baker swerve , try to throw they off . he pull out a pistol , shoot up through the ceiling . hale and terry bullet punch up . hale pull out the gun . it fall from he hand . Terry grab it as a sharp swerve send ... hale Flying . he land hard behind the humvee . in the second humvee deakin point at hale , get to he foot . deakins run he down . hale sprint after the lead humvee . deakin ' humvee close fast . terry look back , see hale 's predicament . terry here ! she slide the pistol along the truck roof . hale grab the gun out of the air as ... baker slam on the brake . terry come fly off the top , landing on the hood , barely hold on . hale be go to be crush between the Humvees . he jump up , turn , as the bumper come together . he land on the tailgate face backwards and fire into deakin ' windshield . deakins and kelly Kelly duck below the dash and slam on the brake but deakin do not flinch . the bullet bounce off the glass -- bulletproof . 44 . in the lead humvee Baker stick he gun out the window and aim at Terry and start to pull the trigger when he stop , feel a gun against the back of he head . hale be behind he . hale get into the passenger seat . hale gimme the gun and get out . baker ( smirking ) I do not know . I think we get ourselves a little stand - off . hale no , we do not . hale shoot Baker in the thigh . Baker howl . terry reaches forward and grab Baker 's gun as ... hale kick Baker out of the humvee . baker bad timing for he . he tumble out , right in front of ... deakins ' humvee and be run over . hale hold the steering wheel , yell to Terry . hale you drive ! terry climb into the humvee , take the wheel from hale . she jam Baker 's gun into she belt . hale I would yell at you for come after I , but you do just save my life . 45 . there 's a look between they , then hale climb into the back . he find what he be look for -- a jerry can of gasoline and a emergency tool box . in the second humvee deakins what be you do , hale ? in hale and terry's humvee hale keep he back to the other humve . he pull gaffer 's tape off a roll , tear it with he tooth , grab ... a flare out of the tool kit . in the second humvee kelly maybe he will set off a nuke . that would show we . between the humvee hale toss the jerry can of gasoline out the back of the humvee . the jerry can of gasoline fly through the air . there 's a burn flare tape to the side of the plastic can . ecu tip of flare as the plastic of the can bubbles and melt and ... in the second humvee deakins stop ! but it 's too late and ... the jerry can explode . the second humvee skid to a stop , shower with burn gasoline . deakin and he man bail out . Kelly , Johnson and pritchett run for cover . deakins coolly grab a fire extinguisher and start spraying . 46 . in hale and terrys humvee hale climb up into the front seat . Terry look at he , genuinely impressed . hale we need somewhere to hide . terry ( thinks ) I know a place . ext . 4wd trail deakin keep spraying the burn humvee with foam . ext . mine entrance Terry and hale have take the humvee to the parking area in front of a abandon mine . the winch on the humvee strain . the cable be attach to the handle on the padlock metal door . the door be slowly pull out , groan . terry it be a copper mine , barely squeaking along for year . they shut it - down a few month ago when they hit a underground river . the hinge on the metal door buckle and snap and the door rip loose . hale shut down the winch , unhook it from the door . he motion for Terry to drive it in . int . mineshaft entrance Terry drive the humvee into the mineshaft entrance . hale use a flashlight to look around . he find a switch a flip it . a gas generator come to life . another click and light come on . now they can see the rest of the entry area , include a wire - mesh - enclose elevator . as Terry look around , hale grab the humvee radio , try to tune in other frequency , give up . hale they hardwire in they frequency . we can not call out . terry what be we gonna do ? hale go to the back of the humvee , pull down the tailgate . hale I be gonna take away deakin ' reason for be here . hale grab a screwdriver from the tool kit and pries open a panel on the side of one of the B - 83 . 47 . inside panel there 's a lcd display , a numeric keypad and a clock show the current time . the key be oversize and brightly color . terry Fisher - price make nuclear weapon ? hale they be design to be use by guy wear glove in Alaska . he reach in , hit a key and the lcd display light up . hale this nuke have security code . if you enter the wrong code three time , the nuke go dead -- all the circuitry short out and shut down . kind of like the security system with car radio . terry and people say the public do not benefit from defense spend . hale ( grins ) Hand I the radio . Terry go for the radio mike . hale see something . a plastic name tag stick out from under one of the nuke . hale pull it out , look at it . ecu nametag it 's from " St. jude Hospital , radiology Department . " hale and terry hale turn to Terry as she pull over the radio mike . hale where 's St. jude Hospital ? int . 4wd trail -- deakins ' humvee the fire be out . the radio crackle . hale ( v.0 . ) deak -- you there ? 48 . deakin and Kelly look at each other . hale ( v.o. ) ding , ding , ding , deak . we be start a new round . you take the first couple , but I have get you on the rope now , you son of bitch . deakin get in the passenger side , grab the radio mike . deakins hey , there . what be that last part ? there be some static . ( click off mike ; to johnson ) find they . ( to pritchett and kelly ) let 's go ! Johnson pull out a radiation detector scanner like the one Rhodes use . Kelly and pritchett get back in the vehicle . crosscut between hale and deakins Kelly drive deakin ' humvee along the trail as they talk . hale I know you be stalling while you try to find the nuke with you scanner , but you be gonna be too late . hear that ? hale hold the radio mike up to the keypad as he enter number . hale I be enter the wrong code , you bastard . a couple more time and this be gonna be useless to you . deakins you really get I there . I sure do not think of that . hale slow down -- something 's wrong -- deakin do not car . deakins all that time we spend in the cockpit together and you think I be stupid ? I get some new board and circuit from a friend at pantex . but nice try . hale curse to himself . Terry look at he . he shake he head they be in trouble . 49 . deakins you know , hale , I think of ask you to join I on this . you wanna know why I do not ? hale because I would have say no ? deakins I would have just kill you if you say no . I be more afraid you would say yes . because I know I could not count on you . you can pretend you have get gut , but when and if it come down to it , you be gonna run off cry like a little girl . hale you better hope that 's true , doak . because I have get the nuke , and there 's nothing to stop I from enter the right code , if you know what I mean . deakins ( flash of worry ) you would not do that . hale Nah . you be right . I would not have the gut . end split -screen . hale drop the mike ; look at the elevator . hale how deep be this mine ? terry I do not know . a couple thousand foot . hale that 's deep enough . hale open the elevator gate . terry for what ? hale a nuclear explosion . Terry 's jaw drop . 50 . ext . 4wd trail / int . deakins ' humvee Kelly drive the blacken humvee as fast as he can . Johnson look at he scanner , grin . johnson get it ! they be -- deakins in the mine . ( off they look ) I could tell he be inside something . there be a echo . int . mine entrance hale hurry to the back of the humvee . terry we can still hide they ! hale he 's get a scanner . he would find they . terry you be talk about set off a nuclear weapon ! hale they set they off underground in nevada all through the fifty and sixty . there 's no risk . terry tell it to the two-head cow . hale grab the strap around one of the nuke , pull . he can barely move the thing . he turn to Terry . terry no ! I be not help you set off a nuclear weapon . hale we will not be down there when it go off . this be not a suicide mission . terry no ! 51 . hale ( impatient ) all right . Fine . though I think you should know , before I eject , I hear deakin say the nuke be go to be use to wipe out the last few remain handicapped gay whale . Terry look at he -- you asshole . hale look at she , very serious . hale I need you help . Terry think , shake she head , step up and grab the nuke . ext . 4wd trail the humvee take the turn - off to the mine entrance . int . mineshaft elevator - descending hale and Terry be go down with the nuke . hale when we get to the bottom we will have to get away from this shaft . it will limit the amount of radiation release into - the atmosphere . ext . mine entrance deakin 's humvee come into the clear . the humvee stop and deakin and Kelly jump out , follow by pritchett and Johnson . ext . mine - bottom of elevator shaft the elevator come down . hale slide open the gate . he and Terry drag the nuke out . terry we will each drag one down a tunnel ? hale no. I be only go to set off one . we will leave the other one here . it will be bury under a billion ton of rock . they be startle when the elevator start go up behind they hale we better hurry . ( nod down tunnel ) let 's try down there . 52 . they start haul the nuke down the tunnel . int . mine entrance deakin , pritchett , Kelly and Johnson wait by the elevator . pritchett I can not wait to see how this fit into you plan . deakin ' charm peel away for a instant and he fix pritchett with a stare . pritchett shrink back . int . pentagon situation room baird , the Chairman and the other be watch large tv monitor . creeley walk they through what they be look at . on the monitor a wide -view , bird 's - eye , thermal image of rocky terrain . creeley this be the kh - 12 satellite 's infrared view of the area . a expose nuclear core would be relatively hot -- it would show as a circle of bright white . as you can see , there 's nothing . the only heat signature we find be this . the image change . there be four blotches , glow a dull red . baird what 's --? creeley we think it 's Colonel Rhodes and he man . they body . a look between baird and the Chairman . the Chairman reach for a phone . int . mcmurran control CENTER Wilkins be on the phone . gile look at he . wilkin I understand , sir . gile ( whisper ) be I right ? Wilkins nod . gile grin smugly for about half a second , then realize what it really mean . 53. gile oh , shit . wilkin ( into phone ) I have get ten ship ready to go ... we should be hearing from nest any minute now . ext . nest helicopter in flight Flying over canyonland . int . mineshaft elevator - descending deakin , Kelly and Johnson be in the elevator . Kelly hold a small metal briefcase . int . end of mine tunnel hale and Terry have stop at the end of a tunnel . hale have open the gut of the nuke . he 's pull out a chip . terry how do you know how to do this ? hale pilot who fly with nuclear weapon have stand order to ... ( quote from the manual ) ... " retrieve if possible , disable if necessary and destroy if we must , " and destroy I must . he stand , look around . he see ... eyebolt screw into the cross beaus on the ceiling . hale I be gonna need you belt and one of you sock . int . bottom of elevator shaft the elevator descend into view . deakin , Kelly and Johnson get out . they see the other nuke lie there . kelly send it up ? deakins ( shake head ) let 's take care of hale first . spread out . 54 . int . end of mine tunnel in one hand hale hold Terry 's sock , fill with sand . his other hand grip the eyebolt . Terry be give hale a log up , strain under the weight . terry take you time . really . hale have push the open end of the sock through the eyebolt . he tighten a belt around the open end of the sock . hale okay . Terry let hale down . hale pick up a big rock and loop the free end of the belt around it . then he pick up a smaller rock . close on nuclear weapon one chip have be pull out of a circuit board . hale very gingerly lay the small rock on top of the chip . hale we make a small hole in the sock , and when enough sand drain out -- and we be hopefully in New Mexico -- the sock be pull through the eyebolt , the rock drop ... ( be : smaller rock ) ... hit the rock on this chip , close the fire circuit and that 's it . hale finish put the small rock in position . he stand . terry how much time be we go to have ? hale I do not know precisely . this be not a swiss sock . ten minute , maybe -- hale be cut off by ... bullet Flying in , ricochete off the rock wall , fire by ... johnson thirty yard down the tunnel . 55 . hale and terry dive to the ground . they pull pistol , start shoot . the sock one of Johnson 's bullet cut through it . hale feel sand hit he face , look up . he Pov Sand be drain out of the sock very fast . hale and terry reaches up to grab the big rock , but Johnson send a spray of bullet in . Terry grab hale . terry come on ! hale the sock -- more bullet . Terry pull hale . they run down a side passage . hale and Terry fire back at Johnson as they run out of sight . johnson shoot after they , then run up to the weapon . he reach for the rock , stop -- maybe that will set it off . the sock the last sand pour out ; the sock be suck through the eye-bolt . the rock drop fast toward the nuke . a hand grab it , stop it just in time . the hand belong to ... deakins he look at Johnson in disgust , exhales , and toss the rock . he pull out a walkie-talkie , click on , talk into it . 56 . deakins we be at the end of tunnel three . ( click off ; to johnson ) you two get this one set . I will take the other one up . hale and terry running along a tunnel . terry what do we do ? hale beat them back to the elevator . stop them from get out . Terry nod . they hurry off around a corner and be meet by ... a flurry of bullet fire by ... deakins with he uzi. hale and terry run back down the side tunnel , bullet wing off the rock all around they , shoot back . hale start shoot out the light , plunging the tunnel into darkness . deakins slow down . deakins the bit with the sock be good . I like it . still , I be gonna use the the field expedient tactical timer . it 's a little more precise . ( beat ) see , hale -- you be not the only one who 's think of set off a nuke in this mine . by the nuke Kelly be there with Johnson . Kelly flip on a lamp on a headstrap , give he better light as he open up the metal briefcase he 's be carry . inside the briefcase a elaborate electronic timer . 57 . in the tunnel deakin pull out a fresh clip . deakins I need a demonstration . otherwise , some swinging dick in Washington be go to say I do not have the ball or the ability to set off a nuclear weapon . I be gonna show this puppy I be ready , willing and able . Hell , I be eager . deakin jam in he clip , walk into the dark part of the tunnel . hale and terry in the dark , wait to ambush deakin and then ... deakins open fire -- but not at hale and Terry -- at the cable along the ceiling connect the light . the cable snap and electrical spark shoot out , flooding the tunnel with light , show ... hale and terry suddenly expose to deakin ' fire . the bullet whiz in . deakins the muzzle flash from he uzi give away he position and hale and Terry 's bullet scream in at he . he back around a corner . hale and terry take cover . it 's a stand - off . deakins well , hale , I better be go . look at it this way , partner . if you want to get closer to God , you be about to get you wish . hale hear deakin ' footstep start off . hale you be gonna ransom Salt Lake City , be not you ? the footstep stop . deakins what make you think that ? 58 . hale that 's where St. jude Hospital be . you be gonna hide the nuke near the radiology department so they will not show up a any satellite radiation scan . deakins I be impressed . hale how much be you gonna ask for ? deakins enough . I have get a broker in stockholm . Monday morning he 's go to buy I five percent of volvo . for the rest of my day I be go to live off the dividend , happy in the knowledge I be help to build the safest car in the world . hale so that 's it ? you be just do ' this for the money ? I be kind of disappointed . deakins why would you do it , hale ? hale that 's the thing -- I would not . deakins if you be I . hale if I be you ...? ( think , start in ) because ... because I get pass over for promotion and goddamnit I be go to show the bastard that I be smarter than they all . ( get angry ) because ... everyone 's sell out and cash in , so why not I ? ( angrier ) because ... because my ex- wife be sleep around . because my parent abuse I . because I eat some sugar . ( more ) 59 . hale ( cont would ) ( furious ) because I do not like monday . ( take a breath , grins ) it 's all bullshit , deak . there be no reason . not really . there 's no difference between you and the guy who shoot up the schoolyard with a m - 16 . you both think you have reason . you both think you be wronge . the truth ? you be both just fuck in the head . deakins ' face grim , evil -- fade into darkness as he turn and walk off . hale and terry they hear footstep , recede . hale bolt out of they hide spot . Terry follow . int . bottom of elevator shaft deakin get to the elevator , drag the other nuke in , shut the gate and start up . int . end of tunnel Kelly finish key in number into the nuke timer . a amber light come on and ... the timer start tick down from ton minute . kelly and johnson grab they gun and run . int . mineshaft entrance the elevator come up . deakin drag out the nuke , hit the down button , shut the gate . the elevator descend . deakins Mr. pritchett ! int . bottom of elevator shaft hale and Terry be wait for the elevator to come down when ... kelly and johnson run in . a half - second of surprise be break when ... 60 . the elevator come down . hale and terry make a move toward the elevator , but ... kelly and johnson unload with they uzis . hale and terry back around a corner , side by side , shoot they pistol . johnson be shot , drop . kelly grab Johnson 's uzi and , fire both gun , back to the elevator , kick open the gate with he foot and get inside . he hit the up button with the butt of one of the gun and the elevator start to rise . hale and terry step out of the tunnel and fire on the climb elevator . insert - ecu nuke timer Seven minute and count . int . mineshaft entrance deakin and pritchett get the nuke into the back of the humvee . int . bottom of elevator shaft terry we can go back , try to shut it down . hale we do not know the code , and deak would have it wire to blow if we so much as look at it funny . terry then we be ... hale look at she . 61 . hale I be sorry . I should not have let you come . terry oh , God . hale take Terry in he arm , hold she . terry I ... I just hope someone remember to feed my dog . hale nod , hug Terry . Terry start to say something else , but hale put a finger to he lip -- he 's hear something -- a distant rush . hale come on . hale pull Terry , run , down the far tunnel . terry what be you --? hale you say they shut down the mine when they hit a underground river . int . mineshaft entrance deakin slam the tailgate on the humvee shut . from the distance , he and pritchett hear the whump - whump - whump of a helicopter . deakin motion pritchett to stay . ext . mine entrance deakin come out , look up , see ... the nest helicopter come toward he , two mile away . int . nest helicopter hunt see something , point . hunt ten o'clock ! in the clear ! he Pov the blacken humvee and deakin by the mine entrance . 62 . int . mine tunnel hale and Terry run up . the tunnel come to a end at a big hole . the rush sound come from the hole . they step up to the edge and look down . there Pov Dark water rush by ten foot below they . hale any idea where it go ? terry no . they look at each other . they do not have any choice . they flick on they flashlight and jump . they - hit the water and be sweep from view . int . mineshaft entrance deakin enter , motion for pritchett to get into the humvee . deakins get in . we be leave . pritchett ( be : Kelly and johnson ) be not you go to wait for they ? deakins no time . and if they get out , they might talk . fortunately , there 's something wrong with the elevator . deakin open fire with he uzi on the generator . spark fly and the thing shut down . int . elevator Kelly be jarre when the elevator stop and the light dim . ext . mine entrance deakin and pritchett drive out of the mine in the humvee . deakin punch the trip odometer , set it to zeroe . int . elevator Kelly switch on he headlamp . kelly wrong person to screw with , deak . 63 . he pull open the gate and climb down . the elevator shaft Kelly swing under the elevator . kelly I know the goddamn code , asshole . he grab the cable trail off below the elevator and start slide down it into the darkness . insert - ecu nuke timer two minute and count . int . the underground river hale and Terry be be suck along through the fast , turbulent water . they flashlight show ... stalactite jutting down like knife , ready - to rip then open . hale and terry dodge they , push off , duck under . and then they notice that ... the ceiling be get lower , get closer to the surface of the water . they be run out of breathe room . Three foot , two foot , one foot . they take big breath , maybe they last , and they be ... underwater tumble along , pull at by the eddyy , flashlight show they face -- they be run out of air . and then , there 's light above they in the water . hale and terry lung burst , they start kick up . ext . colorado river Terry and hale come to the surface , cough , suck in air . ext . 4wd trail / int . humvee deakin drive fast along the 4 WD trail , glance in he sideview mirror at ... 64 . the nest helicopter close in on he . pritchett be hold on tight as deakin drive wildly . pritchett I think I have finally figure out you plan . that guy in the helicopter be go to kill we , but we be go to rise from the dead and deakins very suddenly and very violently lash out . the side of he hand hit pritchett in the throat . pritchett gag silently , suddenly unable to get any air . he pull at he throat , even pound himself in the back of the neck . no go . he slowly slump , die , skin turn blue . deakins maybe now you will shut up . int . mine tunnel Kelly be run as fast as he can , headlamp lighting the way . insert - ecu nuke timer thirty second and count . ext . colorado river hale and Terry be swim toward the bank . ext . 4wd trail deakin barrel along in the humvee , the nest helicopter get closer behind he . in the humvee deakin have a think and look over at pritchett , dead , hold up by the seatbelt . deakins I just realize I have never kill anyone before . I mean , I drop bomb on Baghdad , but never face to face . ( more ) 65 . deakins ( cont would ) ( think about it , shrug ) I do not know what the big deal be . int . mine - end of tunnel ecu nuke timer eighteen second leave . kelly run up , start enter number into the timer keypad . int . / ext . nest helicopter the nest helicopter close fast on deakin . they be a couple hundred foot above he , a quarter mile back . hunt let he know we be here ! ext . 4wd trail a line of bullet kick up dust in front of deakin ' humvee . int . humvee deakin look at ... the trip odometer it click over from 2.9 to 3.0 mile . deakins grin , step on the brake . ext . 4wd trail the humvee stop and deakin get out , arm above he head . the nest helicopter a hundred foot in the air , slowly come in toward deakin . int . mine - end of tunnel ecu nuke timer eleven , ten , nine ... kelly punch in the last two number of the code then enter . 66 . ecu nuke timer it stop with seven second leave . the amber light go off and the red light come on . kelly sit back on the floor , take a breath . ext . 4wd trail deakin be watch the helicopter . strangely , he be grin . then the camera close in fast on ... deakins ' hand he 's hold a small black box . he press a button and ... int . mine - end of tunnel Kelly hear a click . he look over at ... the timer the red light go out . the amber light come on . a splitsecond later , the green light come on . kelly oh shit . the screen go white . ext . 4wd trail deakins watch the helicopter , listen to hunt over the loudspeaker . hunt ( v.o. ) do not move or you will be fire -- the ground rise up beneath deakin . high angle - wide shot the ripple of the shockwave shoot out from the mine , shaking dust and dirt into the air with a incredible , deafen roar . deakins amd the humvee fly ten foot into the air . 67 . int . nest helicopter there 's a roar of static over everyone 's headphone and then every light , every piece of electronic equipment shut down . hunt no ...! they plummet . ext . colorado river river bank Terry and hale be pull themselves out of the water when the shockwave hit , knock they off they foot . int . mcmurran control room Wilkins and gile hear the sudden rumble and then the shockwave hit , knock stuff off desk , swinging lamp . ext . 4wd trail deakin and the humvee land . in the b.g ... the nest helicopter drop out of sight behind a rock formation . there 's a explosion and a ball of fire shoot up . ext . colorado river - river bank Terry look over at hale -- holy shit . int . mcmurran control room the lamp be still swinging . gile that 's all we need . a goddamn earthquake . wilkin Son , I be at the nevada test site in the fifty . that be not a earthquake . ext . 4wd trail deakin pick himself up . deakins ( to himself ) at least I know they work . int . mcmurran control room Wilkins grab a phone . gile be pace , freak . 68 . wilkin ( into phone ) get I the room . gile I have to get out of here . wilkin you be go to be fine . it be underground . ( into phone ) Colonel Wilkins for General creeley . gile how do you know ? wilkin for one thing , if it be above ground , it would not have cause the same kind of ground tremor . for another , if it be above ground , we would all be blind and die . ( into phone ) Sir , we have just have a detonation . int . pentagon -- situation room bedlam . people yell . the Chairman be huddle with baird . baird how would that happen ? chairman I do not know , but thank God it happen underground . baird what do we do now ? chairman first thing we do be put a huge goddamn lid on this thing . with all due respect to you boy gile and he belief in honesty as the best policy , from now on and until the end of time , what happen in Utah tonight be a earthquake . all right ? baird nod . ext . 4wd trail the humvee race along the trail . 69 . in the humvee deakin and the dead pritchett motor along . deakin turn to pritchett as if pritchett have just ask he a question . deakins the helicopter ? it be hit by emp . electromagnetic pulse . it 's release in a nuclear detonation . it wipe out anything electronic for mile . that "s another reason I want to set off a nuke . I know it would bring down any helicopter come for we . it will also shut down all radio communication for a few hour , which will severely screw up they response . ( grins ) you see , Mr. pritchett ? there really be nothing for you to worry about . pritchett 's body seem to nod from the motion of the humvee . ext . colorado river - river bank butterfly hover and dance over the water in the early morning light . hale hale have he shirt off and be wring it out . terry ( o.s. ) goddamn it ! he turn to see Terry try to undo she button but unable to she finger be too numb . terry stupid button . I hate this shirt . they be ugly and stupid and -- Terry suddenly start cry . it 's not the shirt she 's upset about . hale hold she . hale it 's okay . terry we just ... I mean , we almost ... hale I know . 70 . terry a nuclear bomb go off . hale that it do . terry be we ...? hale look . ( point at butterfly ) if the butterfly be okay , then we will be okay . terry really ? hale absolutely . it say so in the manual . " if you see butterfly after a detonation , you be fine . " Terry look at hale . she know he 's bullshit she , but she appreciate it . they look at each other . they could kiss ... but they both shy away from it . Terry get she shirt off . hale we better get move . we might be able to reach deakin when he get to the river . they start off along a trail by the river . hale something I have be meaning to ask . ( Terry look at he ) how do someone like you end up with a gun ? terry I hit a bankrobber with a freeze chicken . hale Excuse I ? terry I come out here one summer during college . it be the campaign to stop the dam in the Grand Canyon . I love it here . I come back , work as a river guide and eventually stay year-round . when a Park Ranger job come open , I apply . 71 . hale I be still wait for the chicken . terry the local Parks Department be not sure how I would do with the law enforcement part of the job . well , one night I be come home from the store and Tommy drewson part of the local brain trust be robbing old Bob kearney in front of the ATM . I bear old Bob yell and I see Tommy head for he car , so I toss a bag of grocery at he at thirty mile a hour . a freeze chicken in the bag hit he in the forehead and he drop like a rock . next thing I know , I be a Ranger . hale look at Terry with a new appreciation . ext . 4wd trail deakin pilot the humvee along the trail . ext . colorado river - riverbank trail hale and Terry be crouching behind a rock , look down . there Pov a zodiac raft have be pull up on the river bank . a man with a uzi -- sheppard -- wait , duffel bag by he foot . terry get I a freeze Zacky 's fryer and he 's a dead man . there 's the sound of a approach engine . sheppard stand , gun ready . the engine stop . a few second later ... deakins appear , walk down a footpath toward sheppard . sheppard where be everyone ? deakins I be everyone . let 's go . sheppard hurry to deakin . they disappear up the footpath . 72 . hale and terry hale shit . terry what ? hale we be the only one who know what 's go on , and I do not have the faintest idea how we be gonna stop they . terry you will think of something . hale why do you say that ? terry you have so far . hale look at Terry -- she 's right . but it almost piss he off more than it give he confidence . he grumble to himself and start off down toward the raft . terry sink it ? hale steal it . they get down to the raft . they climb in . hale grab the engine throttle , slump . hale key . hale look around , spot sheppard 's duffel bag lie on the riverbank . he hop out and start rummage through it when they hear grunt and foot approach . hale look around for a place to hide . there be not any . Terry try to get out of the raft , but she trip on a tarpaulin bunched on the bottom of the raft . she drop . with deakins and sheppard come down a path , lug the last remain nuke . there Pov of the raft . hale and Terry be nowhere to be see . 73. hale be alone , in the water , on the far side of the raft , very silent . he hear deakin and sheppard load the nuke into the raft . sheppard ( o.s. ) why be you drive around with a dead guy ? deakins ( o.s. ) because I like he . he do not ask a lot of annoying question . all right ? a few second later the engine start up . hale duck down under water as the raft take off over he . he surface to watch the raft zoom off into the distance . he be very worried . on the raft - moving the nuke be on a pallet in the middle of the raft . sheppard pilot the raft . deakin look around , see what he want . a tarp be lie on the deck of the raft along one side , all bunched up . it would be the kind of thing you would hide under . deakins grab the tarp and pull . under the tarp there 's no one there . deakins throw the tarp over the nuke . as he do , we pan over to ... a long crate marked " life jacket " strapped to one of the side pontoon . a small triangle of cloth be stick out from inside the crate -- like the corner of a shirt . it 's quickly pull out of sight from within . back on the riverbank hale climb out of the water and look around , not know quite what to do . ext . lake powell - transfer point the zodiac boat be on the shore . sheppard and four man -- call they the gunmen -- be haul the nuke to the truck . deakin walk with another man -- max , 5as . Max check he watch . 74 . max you friend in Washington should be get the package about now . deakins I wish I could see they face . int . pentagon - situation room baird , the Chairman , creeley and the other be all stare slack - jaw at a tv screen . on the tv camcorder shot of deakin against a black backdrop . deakins ... two -hundre -and-fifty million dollar , by nine a.m . Utah time . the deposit instruction be in the envelope that come with this tape . this deadline be not negotiable , and there be no grace period . the device be on a timer . shortly after you receive this , the timer will be activate . at nine a.m. , I will make a call . if I find out you have do as you have be tell , I will stop the timer . if you have not comply -- the screen suddenly cut to a flurry of image of nuclear destruction -- building be knock sideways , mushroom cloud , shockwave , fire . chairman turn that off ! ext . lake powell hale run along the shoreline , head for ... a marina where houseboat be rent out . hale 's eye focus on a sign with a picture of a phone on it . ext . lake powell - transfer point the back gate of the truck be shut from the inside . the truck start up and rumble off , slowly at first . terry jump up from the raft and run after the truck , stay right behind . she grab a handhold and pull herself up . she hold on tight as the truck bounce off down the dirt road . 75 . int . pentagon situation room loud voice and crosstalk . baird be on the phone , nodd . baird yes , sir . creeley 's phone ring . he answer it . creeley creeley . baird ( cover phone ; to chairman ) the President want to know if we know where the device be head . chairman if deakin have a plane wait , it could be anywhere . we just do not know . creeley I do . ( all eye on he ) Major hale be alive . accord to he , Colonel deakin be head for Salt Lake City . ext . lake powell - marina Army helicopter be landing near the marina . two be already down . one have troops stand outside of it . hale , wilkin and gile be walk toward the second helicopter . wilkin we find the raft on the other side of the lake . tracks from a heavy truck run out when they hit the paved road . hale if we get a rad scanner we can track they . a brief look between Wilkins and gile . wilkin actually , Major , we be go back to mcmurran . hale what ? 76 . gile we would just like to ask you a few question . hale I be not waste time answer question . we have get -- wilkin no debate , Major . I be give order . now , you can come with we , or you can go with they . Wilkins nod over at the other helicopter . the troops stand in front of it be mps . hale look at Wilkins , astound . ext . / int . wilkin ' helicopter - in flight Wilkins be up front with the pilot . hale and gile be in back . all wear headsets . hale be yell at Wilkins . hale deakin think I be dead . he think it 's over . you have get to let I go after he . I can help . I know how he mind work . wilkin Major , I know this be personal for you , but I think we can handle it . we be put a wall of man and machine around Salt Lake City as we speak . that truck be not get through . int . truck close on the nuclear weapon dusty slice of light come through the truck 's slatted wall . the nuclear weapon be lash to a hammock , strap run off to d-ring on the side . Max be hook up a electronic timer . int . wilkin ' helicopter hale what about the Ranger ? gile what about she ? hale when you find that truck , you will hit it hard . chance be she will be kill in the crossfire . " regrettable but unavoidable . " 77 . gile and Wilkins share a look -- hale be right . hale look , she 's not suppose to be there . she should be check camp permit , find lose kid . she ... ( beat ) she save my life . gile want to help . so do Wilkins , but ... wilkin we be order to take you back to mcmurran . you understand what order be , do not you , Major ? Wilkins turn away . hale sit back , mind racing , not know what to do . he quickly grab a pistol from the helicopter 's weapon rack and put it to wilkin 's neck . wilkin Major , put that away or say goodbye to you career and hello to twenty year in Leavenworth . hale if that 's what it take . wilkin you will have to shoot I . hale think , but there 's no way he can do that . he lower the gun , sit back . gile get hale 's attention , then point to he own head . hale do not understand , so gile grab hale 's gunhand and put the gun up to he head . gile Colonel ! how about this ? Wilkins look back , see hale hold the gun to gile ' head . hale ( bad act ) I swear to God I will shoot . Wilkins grin . int . truck Max finish hook up the timer . he look at deakin . max ready when you be . 78 . deakins wait until I get back . I be go to check on sheppard . deakin go to a ladder that lead up to the ceiling . int . wilkine helicopter hale be look back and forth between what he see out the window and the map on he lap . wilkin I do not know what you be look for , Major . every road between here and salt Lake have already be seal . hale deak would know that . maybe he 's not on the road . Wilkins do not understand . hale they be use map like this to set up the roadblock ? wilkin yes ...? hale then that 's the answer . Wilkins do not understand . hale point outside , down at ... train track on the ground . Old one , half - cover by weed . hale it 's a old spur . probably have not be use in twenty year . nobody bother to put it on the new map . wilkin what be you --? hale the nuke be not in a truck , Colonel . it 's on a train . ext . train a freight train -- engine , a car carrier ( carry a load of toyotas ) , several boxcar and a caboose . a hatch open up a the roof of one of the boxcar near the tail of the train and ... 79 . deakins climb out and we discover that indeed they be not in a truck , they be in a train . the " nuke boxcar " have a small satellite dish mount on the roof . the four gunmen be in position at point along the train , ready with uzis . int . wilkin ' helicopter Wilkins hang up the radio mike . wilkin Radio 's still down . we will head north , look for a phone , then look for a train . gile nod . hale be think . Wilkins start to tell the pilot . hale no . go south . gile Salt Lake be north . hale he 's not go to Salt Lake . gile but you say it would be Salt Lake . you find that hospital tag . hale he plant that . he want whoever find it to think that 's where he be go . ( shake head ) he 's be do a rope-a-dope . gile and Wilkins look at he like he 's nut . hale it 's a box term . when Ali -- look , I know this guy . if everything have be say he 's head north , then he 's head south . they look at he , then Wilkins grab the map . wilkin what 's south of here ? 80 . ecu map Wilkins ' finger follow the train line on the map . it go right into Las Vegas . hale no. not Vegas . what the hell be there to blow up in Vegas ? Wilkins ' finger keep move on the map . gile the President . Wilkins ' finger stop . ext . train deakin jump the gap between two boxcar and walk on . we angle down to reveal ... terry crouch down between the two car . int . train engine - driver' compartment sheppard be work with a torch , welding the brake and accelerator control . deakin enter . sheppard turn the torch down . deakin light a cigarette off it . deakins how much longer ? sheppard almost do . int . train engine engine area behind the driver 's compartment be the engine itself , with walkway along either side . terry creep - up to one of the door that lead into the driver 's compartment . she hear ... sheppard ( o.s. ) how long until the helicopter get here ? int . driver' compartment deakins five minute . we will leave from the boxcar roof . 81 . deakin turn to go . int . train engine - engine area deakin open the door and stride along beside the engine . terry be hide on the other side of the engine , very quiet and still . as deakin go out the back door of the engine , Terry follow . ext . train - between engine and boxcar Terry come out the door and be about to step across to the ladder on the boxcar when we pull back to reveal ... deakins as he put a gun to the back of Terry 's head . ext . gas station and mini -mart a rancher come out of the mini-mart with a cup of coffee and head for he old pickup truck . he start to open he door when he hear , incongruously , whump - whump -whump . he look up as ... wilkin ' helicopter come in , get about three foot off the ground and gile jump out . as gile run to a payphone , the helicopter pull up and fly away , leave the rancher agog . int . nuke boxcar Terry come down the ladder from the hatch , follow by deakin with a gun . deakins Terry , Max . Max , Terry . max ( to Terry ) a pleasure . ( to deakin ) what the hell be a " Terry " and why be it still live ? deakins she ask I how I think I be go to get away with this and I think I would tell she . ( to Terry ) we be go to a cabin in the mountain , not far from here . when we get there I be gonna make two phone call . ( more ) 82 . deakins ( cont would ) the first be to the Pentagon . I be gonna tell they where the train be . ( grins ) see , all they force be up at Salt Lake by now . by the time they could get a F - 15 down here the train will be on the outskirt of Vegas . and I will remind they about the impact trigger -- if they hit this train hard , the nuke will blow . ( shake head ) they will not have any choice . they will have to let the train get into the city and because of that , they will have to pay . terry you say two phone call . deakins the second will be to my bank in geneva . if the money 's in my account , I use this ... ( pull out what look like a modify cell - phone ) ... and shut down the timer . if not , we sit back , put on some shade and get a quick tan . terry but -- radio be not work . deakins you see the dish on the roof ? microwave . it 's not affect by emp . see ? I really have think of everything . max you keep she alive just so you can impress she with how smart you be ? deakins ( to Max ) no , I keep she alive because I want she to do I a favor . see , if something go wrong and this thing go off , a half a million people be go to be vaporize . I do not want that on my conscience . so I be not go to arm the nuke . ( more ) 83 . deakins ( cont would ) ( put gun to Terry 's head ) she be . int . pentagon situation room the room be silent . everyone be look at video monitor show a map of Las Vegas . they be listen to a nervous assistant as he use a telestrator to diagram the blast effect . AIR force assistant start at ground zero and move out , we have , in term of immediate effect , one hundred percent fatality to thirty mile . ninety percent from thirty to forty mile , drop roughly ten percent for every - ten mile after that . the long term -- chairman ( cut to the chase ) Son ? AIR force assistant ( look up , sear ) two hundred and fifty thousand in the first few second . the same again within a year . baird ( it sink in ) good God . int . nuke boxcar Terry be shaking , tear in she eye , as she slowly - enter the number deakin tell she to in the nuke timer keypad . deakins nine ... then pound ... good. now six ... ecu terry's eye fill with tear . she blink and ... quick cut Terry have vision of retiree in Vegas , water pot plant outside they motor home , of teenager rag on each other as they walk to school , of child in a playground . deakins Seven ... Star ... one ... 84 . and Terry shakingly push each button and then ... the image of the retiree , the teenager and the child each bleach out to white , fast , as if hit by a nuclear blast . deakins then enter and it 's do . terry her finger hover over the enter button , almost push it , then shift to cancel and push that . ecu nuke timer the display go blank . deakins stun . he shake he head . deakins ooh . you really should not have do that . I say I would kill you , and I will . terry I be gonna be dead either way . I do not want any part of this . deakin shrug -- he see she logic . he put he gun to Terry 's head . Terry shut she eye . deakins night-night . deakin be about to pull the trigger when Max stop he . Max gesture -- listen . they hear a helicopter approach . Max check he watch . deakins they be early . just then , they hear gunfire . Max give deakin a look . deakins it 's not a problem . set the timer , then kill she . have fun with it . deakin start climb up the ladder to the hatch . ext . train the gunman at the caboose be fire on Wilkins 's helicopter , hang a hundred yard off the back of the train . 85 . int . nuke boxcar Max hold a pistol on Terry with one hand while he quickly set the timer with the other . terry's hand rest on Max 's tool tray . her finger creep over to a vrench . max press enter and finish set the timer . max there . terry and max Terry swing hard and fast with the wrench , knock the gun out of Max 's hand . Max spin , and when Terry swing at he again . Max kick the wrench out of she hand , then step up fast and hit Terry under the chin with the heel of he hand . she drop straight back . max think I be just friendly old Max , huh ? Lady , I be a navy seal . you should see what I can do with just my thumb . Max go for he gun . terry's hand grab onto something . it 's the wrench . terry and max as Max turn back with the gun , Terry heave the wrench . it hit Max square in the forehead . he drop like a rock . terry yeah ? well , you should see what I can do with just a chicken . ext . train - caboose deakin join he man on top of the caboose , fire on Wilkins , helicopter . int . helicopter Wilkins and hale be return fire . hale point at deakin . hale that 's he ! 86 . wilkin ( to pilot ) get he ! pilot they have get gun ! wilkin you have get a helicopter . use it ! ext . train deakin and the gunman keep fire on the helicopter as ... the helicopter come swoop in . deakins see what 's go to happen and turn and run as ... the helicopter drop down beside the train . the rotor blade whip about three foot over the train roof and the pilot start forward . deakins and the gunman run from the blade as fast as they can . the helicopter close fast . deakins and the gunman jump from car to car . the gunman pass deakin . just when the helicopter blade be about to catch up to deakin ... deakins jump down between two boxcar and the rotor blade go right over he head . deakin hear a awful sound and a scream cut short . helicopter Pov swoop fast over the train when suddenly ... terry pop up out of the hatch , she back to the helicopter . hale ( o.s. ) pull up ! 87 . the helicopter pull up fast . terry watch the helicopter bank away . bullet - start whizzing by she . deakins have climb up and be shoot at she . terry run away from deakin , shoot Max 's pistol behind she blindly . two gunmen appear two car ahead of Terry and start toward she , shoot . terry be catch between deakin and the gunman with no way out when ... the helicopter come along the length of the train , fly low . it rise up and there 's ... hale hanging from the helicopter on a cable hook to a harness and he 's fire a pistol , shoot right over Terry at ... the first gunman he 's hit , fall off the train . the second gunman aim at Terry and start fire . terry the bullet rip up the boxcar roof around she . she jump up and grab onto ... hale as he swing in on the cable , shoot he pistol . hale and terry be lift up and over ... 88. the second gunman who turn , fire a shotgun . hale 's bullet find he . he fall . sheppard appear , fire a uzi at hale , Terry and the helicopter . in the helicopter bullet rip through . Wilkins be hit , knock back . the cable holding hale and terry be severe by one of sheppard 's bullet . hale and terry Drop ten foot to the roof of a boxcar . hale shoot as they fall . sheppard be hit and drop . the helicopter bank away fast , make ugly sound , smoke billow out . the engine cut out and the helicopter drop to a hard landing beside the track . hale and terry watch the helicopter land as the train roll on . they look at each other . terry you stop the nuke . I will stop the train . hale nod . Terry start forward , then turn . terry I would yell at you for come after I , but you do just save my life . hale grin . they hear a helicopter in the distance . they look over to see ... a red cross helicopter come in fast . hale and terry any excitement turn to confusion when they see ... 89 . a man stand in the doorway of the Red Cross helicopter , hold a gun . terry that 's deakin ' escape route . hale not any more . Terry nod . they share a last look , then Terry head off . male coil up the winch cable , sling it over he shoulder and head for the nuke boxcar and he old friend deakin . he pick up ... the shotgun Left by decease gunman # 2 . ext . car carrier make she way past the toyotas . ext . wilkin ' helicopter - beside train track Wilkins and the pilot stand outside they disabled helicopter . the train be way off in the distance . they hear honk and turn to see ... a pickup truck tearing toward then along a dirt road , horn honk . close on pickup the rancher from the mini-mart be drive ; gile beside he . int . train engine - driver' compartment Terry come into the driver 's compartment . she tug at the brake and accelerator lever . it 's useless . she look around , spot a cigarette lighter . int . boxcar deakin and the one remain gunman hear the helicopter . they start toward the ladder to the roof hatch when they hear footstep on the roof of the car . deakin gesture to the gunman . he raise he gun , try to figure out where to shoot . then they hear someone tug at the hatch handle . the gunman open fire on the hatch . ext . on top of boxcar bullet stream up through the hatch cover , but hale be nowhere in sight . one end of hale 's helicopter winch cable be tie to the hatch cover . 90 . we follow the cable fast , over to the side of the boxcar to find ... hale stand , tug on the cable , still attach to the harness . hale rack a load in the shotgun and jump back off the side of the train . int . boxcar the gunman hear a sound , start to turn , just as ... hale swing into the boxcar on the cable , fire the shotgun . the gunman be pick up by the blast and smashed back through the wood slat wall of the boxcar and out of the train . deakins climb up fast through the hatch to the roof . hale shoot at deakin , miss . the shotgun click empty . hale toss the gun then unhook the cable from the harness . he drop to the floor - of the boxcar and run to the ladder . ext . car carrier Terry have a three - foot length of gasoline - soak cloth stuff into the gas tank open of a Toyota on the lower level of the car carrier . she light it and hurry off . ext . roof of train deakin steady himself as ... the red cross helicopter hover in sideways toward the train . the man in the doorway hold out a hand to deakin . deakins be reach for the man 's hand and grab it when ... hale reaches out of the hatch and grab onto deakin ' foot . 91 . hale and deakins deakin kick free of hale , hold onto the man in the helicopter and be pull onboard . the helicopter move sideways over the train . in the helicopter deakin turn , pull he gun and shoot down at the train as ... the helicopter move back sideways over the train . deakins ' Pov no sign of hale on the train roof . deakins get we out of here ! the pilot nod and start to lift and bank . then he get a odd expression . the helicopter be not do what he want . the helicopter be hover over the train , but it can not fly away because ... hale be hang onto the skid and he 's hook the cable to the skid . the other end of the cable be still attach to the hatch . the helicopter strain against the cable , but it do not snap . in the helicopter deakins hurry ! power line Cross the track , a quarter - mile ahead . deakins leans out of the helicopter with he uzi , shoot down at ... 92 . hale who grab onto the cable and slide down it to the roof of the train , bullet plugging in all around he . he jump down through the hatch as ... deakins see what 's come and jump . the helicopter Hit ... the power like which snap , shoot spark and wrap around the helicopter 's rotor . the helicopter break up and fly apart as the train roll on . ext . car carrier the flame burn up the gas-soake cloth go into the Toyota gas tank and ... the toyota explode . int . nuke boxcar hale get to he foot , go to look at the nuke . ecu nuke timer five minute and count . hale look at it , try to figure out how to disarm it . he hear the whoosh - thump of someone jump down into the boxcar . he turn . deakins stands there , try to smile , try to be cool , but ... deakins they would have pay and I would have stop it . you have make a very , very big mistake . hale it 's over , deak . I beat you . disarm it . 93. deakins if it 's over and you beat I , you disarm it . hale deak ... deakins course you be go to need this . ( hold cell - phone remote ) all you have to do be get it . ( put remote in pocket ) and if you do , as a special add bonus , you get this . deakin pull out ... the twenty dollar bill then pocket it . hale and deakins share a look . deakin put up he fist . deakins ready ? hale put up he fist . ext . car carrier it 's a chain reaction , with one flame Toyota set off the one above it or next to it . between boxcar and car carrier Terry be look under the car carrier . terry's Pov the train car axle be smoking , grind , glow red in the heat from the flame toyotas . int . boxcar hale and deakin circle each other . deakins modern box be a pussy sport . they want to make it about scoring point . it 's not about scoring point ! it 's about this ! 94 . deakin fake a right , jab with he leave , catch hale on the chin . hale be jarre . blood run from he mouth . deakins okay . you be bleed . good . in the old fight , there would be so much blood , guy would slip and fall . let 's see if we can not get a little more of that red goo out of you . ready ? again deakin fake right , jab leave . hale half block it , but be send back . ext . train cu train axle the axle be bend , grind , groan . terry be between the car carrier and a boxcar , look down at the axle , not know what the hell she 's go to do when she hear a horn honk . she turn . int . boxcar deakins use to be , every fight be to a knockout . you know what happen when you get knock out ? it 's you brain slapping against the inside of you skull . here . I will let you see what it 's like . ready ? deakin step toward hale , about to finish he off . deakin swing . hale duck , come up hard with all he 's get , get deakin under the chin and deakin sail up and back , landing prone , see star . hale stands over deakin , in silhouette , the light of the hatch above he . and then ... ext . the train axle snap and ... the train jump the track . int . boxcar hale be throw off he foot . 95 . the nuclear weapon swing wildly in the hammock webbing . the strap secure the webbing to the wall of the car start to snap . ext . train the front car accordion sideways off the track , down a short , steep , embankment . it 's all grind , twist , groan metal . flaming toyotas fly , tumble , explode . int . boxcar hale try to get to he foot , but then the floor start drop below he as ... ext . the train the nuke boxcar go down the steep slope of the embankment and stop . the train the sound of the crash cease . Dust and smoke . Burning toyotas . int . boxcar flicker light from a burn Toyota come in through the slatted wall . in this weird light , hale see ... the nuclear weapon it 's above he , at the end ( top ) of the car . it 's hang in mid-air , tangle up in the webbing . two strap be the only thing keep the nuclear weapon from drop twenty foot to the bottom of the car . deakins be lie at the bottom ( end ) of the car , directly under the nuke , not move . hale look around for something . he see it -- deakins ' remote control device on the floor . 96 . deakins ' eye flicker open . he see ... a pistol lying a few foot away . hale deakins ( o.s. ) you have to push amber , then red . you might have time to push amber . you will not get to red . hale turn to see ... deakins point a gun at he . hale the nuke be armed , deak . if it fall , the impact trigger will set it off . deakins I know . hale half a million people will die . deakins ( think , shrug ) fuck them if they can not take a joke . one of the strap holding the nuke tear through . one strap leave . hale his finger hover over the amber button . deakins do it and I shoot . hale look at deakin . hale I guess you really do not know I that well after all . hale press the amber button . 97 . deakins shoot . hale spin back , blood spraying from he shoulder . the remote Falls from he hand . deakins be about to shoot again , then hear a tear and look up as ... the last strap rip through and ... the nuke drop toward he , point first . hale' bloody hand grab the remote and he finger press the red button . ecu nuke timer mid-air , drop , the clock and display go blank as ... deakins his eye fill with true terror as ... the nuclear weapon punch into deakin , point first , crush he . hale get to he foot and stand over deakin . he reach down , open deakin ' pocket and pull out the twenty - dollar bill . hale ready . he head out of the boxcar . ext . train track hale climb out of the boxcar and start run through the train wreckage and burn car , look for Terry . 98 . a tv newsvan pull up and a reporter and cameraman jump out . hale keeps run through the wreckage . he stop , unable to breathe when he see ... a foot in a boot , stick out from under a burn Toyota . hale run to the car , pull at the foot , try to push the car off the body underneath . o.s. another vehicle drive up . hale come on ! oh , God . oh , no . hale be pull hard on the foot when ... terry ( o.s. ) the Air Force pay you so little you have to steal shoe off dead people ? hale turn to see ... terry walkin over from the rancher 's pickup truck . wilkin and gile be behind she , grin . hale and terry run to each other . they embrace , start smoothing each other 's hair , start wiping blood off each other 's face , start kissing , only to be interrupt by ... the tv reporter and camerman reporter what happen here ? hale and Wilkins and gile share a look . hale uh ... ( look at flame toyotas ) ... somebody be try to steal some toyotas . 99 . the reporter ask more question . hale and Terry walk off , arm around each other . as they go , hale stick out he hand to Terry . hale rawley hale . terry Terry carmichael . they shake hand and walk on as we ... fade to black the end