broken embrace written by pedro almodovar dusk , or night have only barely fallen . a huge clock mark 7:55 p.m . ( the clock belong to some landmark building , to be determine ) . immediately follow , the building go dark . establish shot of the eiffel Tower , light . suddenly , all the light go out . the same thing happen with the granada 's alhambra , Seville 's giralda Tower , the guggenheim at bilbao , the Gate of Alcala . all this well - know architectonic wonder turn dark , abruptly . ( beauty that disappear suddenly , beauty that 's extinguish and envelop we in darkness . ) 1 . harry caine' home . int . night . Harry ( fifty year old ) sit , as if he be wait , without hurry , immobile and patient in he study next to he desk , as if it be the thing keep he company . he be not do anything . he let time take its course . his silence be break by the sound of footstep that come and go . at first we can not see who the footstep belong to , until they stop . in the live room , a few meter from Harry , judit stop . she , too , be shroud in darkness . she look at she wristwatch , the second hand move from leave to right on the watch face . judit ( forty -eight , look young ) breathes , impatient . ( she be dress soberly , in a dignify and practical manner ) . she approach a window that look out onto the street . everything outside be also in darkness . the building in front be just a dark mass . she look to the end of the street . almost all the building visible from the window be dark , the Gate of Alcala in the background be also not light . without turn , she say to Harry : judit the door of Alcala have also darken . Harry be still sit , inert , absorb by he thought . the whole house be in darkness , only the ambient clarity of the night come through the window , curtain draw back . 3 judit head slowly toward the kitchen . on the wall there be a vitra clock , to which she give a cursory glance . she turn on the faucet and fill a glass of water . from she pocket , she remove a tiny heart make of black nacar shell and rimmed in silver . she open it . she grab a small pink pill . she take it . she glance once more at the stylize design of the vitra clock . the minute hand near 8 p.m . on a windowsill ( or on the kitchen table ) there be a open newspaper . the expose page display a article about the danger of global warming . a international date have be conven for a five minute blackout at 8 p.m . stand in the kitchen , judit , poise and tense , look up at the spot where the clock be . the stillness of all the element comprise the frame make it seem like a painting . she wait until the second hand complete its cycle and it 's 8 o'clock sharp . swiftly , judit power the central electrical switchboard , which be in the kitchen . the kitchen light up , the refrigerator emit its characteristic sound . the lamp in the live room also light up . ( low -hanging lamp that make the light bounce . the house be awash in a special luminous atmosphere ­ dense , translucent , with darken zone ) . all the furniture be flush with the wall . there be some painting hang and a rug on the ground , everything be of the kind of quality that denote good personal taste . upon the light 's return , judit exhales a profound sigh of relief . she move toward the window where she be stand earlier and contemplate how , in the building across the way , the window begin to blink , in square pattern of light . 2 . flashback . 1994 . lanzarote hospital . int . day . 4 the light 's return be contagious , a true spectacle , which end with a blind light that flood the screen . it will probably be a close - up of the sun . that very sun enter through another window , which be not that of Harry 's house , nor that of the building across the way . it be the window of a hospital room ( perhaps a sign should specify that the follow scene occur " fourteen year earlier " ) the hospital be on lanzarote Island , in the canary Islands . the scene occur fourteen year earlier . the character be the same . Harry and judit . Harry lie in bed , he head completely bandage . sunlight enter through the window . judit be seat on the bed . she hold he hand and plead , worried and loving : judit mateo , say something ! mateo -harry mateo be dead . judit ( sweet and devastate ) do not say that ! the character to whom judit refer as mateo , ( the same one that in the previous scene we have call Harry ) , have a recent wound , either on he arm or on he hand , along with he head , which be completely cover by bandage . mateo and Harry be the same person , the difference be the fourteen year that separate they . Harry , in the present ( 2008 ) , be fifty 5 year old . in ` 94 , the time period when the flashback take place , he be thirty - six . let 's say that when he be thirty - six , Harry be call mateo . the character have two name , which he own voice - off explain , while we observe what he day - to - day consist of in 2008 . off harry I always want to be another person , to be someone beside myself . to dispose of a single identity do not seem enough . live a single life be not enough for I . and half - joke , I come up with a pseudonym for myself , Harry caine , a adventurer who , as fate would have it , become a writer . at that time , I have he author all the script and storey that I write . I come up with a standard biography to fill the back flap of he book . he have be a sailor , a industrial spy , the doorman at a parisian cabaret , a boxer , a waiter and a advertisement hand - double . a self - make man , active and attractive like a English spy , vital , skeptical and sarcastic . for many year , mateo Blanco and Harry caine share the same person , I , but a time come when , all of a sudden , I could not be anyone other than Harry caine . I become my pseudonym . ( he apply lotion in front of the mirror , we first see he in front of it , and then , double , reflect in it . then , suddenly , the mirror do not reflect he . of he two identity he only have one leave ) . just as I have plan , a heterodox writer and , never better state , a self - make man , one might even say , " self - write man " . there be only one detail I have not foreseen , Harry would be a blind writer . 6 3 . image that accompany the voice - off . harry caine' DAILY ritual . despite he fifty year and he blindness , Harry be a man that keep himself in great physical shape . Harry 's Home . Interior . Day . in the morning : he place a CD in a player . by himself , he select and start the program on a treadmill . he step on and begin exercise . he take a shower ( " mateo Blanco and Harry caine share the same person , I , but a time come when , all of a sudden ... " ) , the camera pan over various part of he body under the run water , dense wave of white foam slide down he skin , as if it be a landscape . the hanger have braille-sticker that indicate the characteristic of the clothing they hold . ( all the closet have slide door ) in he bedroom , he open the closet and look for the clothes he will wear . despite the fact that he can not see himself , he stand in front of a mirror . he smile , pleased with he appearance . everything in the house be rigorously order . all that Harry need to ascertain the identity of the thing around he be he touch . he exit onto the street . 4 . harry STREET . ext . day . pedestrian crossing . Harry traverse ( aid by a umbrella ? ) the pedestrian crossing . when he reach the opposite sidewalk , the credit appear on the black and white stripe that mark the crossing . the crossway be clear of pedestrian so that only car pass through ( not many ) and as they do , 7 they run over the letter of the credit , make they disappear , in piece . on a different stripe , a new title appear and as it do , it be run over and destroy by another car . like this , successively . 5 . sidewalk across from harry build . ext . day . just on the sidewalk across from where Harry life , there be a news - stand , and next to it , perhaps on the nearest corner , a bar . Harry busy the newspaper at the news-stand . this be part of he daily routine . he greet the attendant familiarly . he have the kind of face that provoke pity . he grab the newspaper , fold it , and place it under he arm . cut to . 6 . bar across the way . int . day . he enter the bar . he lean down somewhere on the bar table . just as soon as he see he , he be approach by he waiter friend , a approachable guy , somewhere in he forty , who be help by a South american waitress , wear she makeup since the early part of the morning , whom he be obviously screwing . he bring he a coffee . all of this action be part of a daily ritual . waiter friend do you want I to read you something from the newspaper ? harry no , thanks . I be off on a stroll . 8 return to SEC . 5 Harry exit the bar and become immerse in the different noise of the street , the passersby , they different sound and corporeal odor . auditory life . the camera swirl around he head . at first he hear all the noise , indistinctly mix , and then he begin to separate they . he select one he like , the rest of the sound of the street disappear or they volume be lower . Girls , car , high heel , the smell of different ethnicity . a multi-racial street . Harry select a odor ( the body of a woman , whose aroma appear and disappear ) , Harry follow it , have also single out the sound of she heel . he lose they . he find they again . he walk self - assuredly , without trip either on the urban furniture or the people . he lean , lightly , on he umbrella , which he use as a cane . at first glance he do not appear blind ... he reach a pedestrian crossing . nearby , he recognize the odor which have attract he , he follow its trace until he reach the sidewalk . the odor emanate from a young girl , just next to he , wait before the crosswalk . Harry search with the tip of the umbrella , until he brushes she shoe . he excuse himself , as if the contact have be inadvertent . the girl regards he . Harry then take one step forward , intent on crossing the street , the car come very close to he , almost run he over . ( a real sense of danger ) . the light be red for pedestrian . the girl take he by the arm , pull he toward she , frighten . girl ( alarm ) watch out ! you can not cross ! 9 harry sorry . . . girl I will tell you when ! harry thank you very much . 7 . mateo -harry STREET . ext . day . pedestrian crossing . they make it through the crosswalk . she be not hold he arm ( but almost ) , Harry do not need it . he know the surroundings well . they reach the other sidewalk . Harry thanks she for she help , the girl observe he the entire time , intrigue and curious . harry I live nearby , two block up , would you mind come along with I ? the girl accept , delighted . tall , thin , attractive , modern , and inexpressive like a model , this be what the girl be like . 8 . continued . building's entrance . ext . day . once at the entrance , Harry invite she to come up so that she can read aloud the newspaper to he . the girl check she watch , and end up accept . girl 10 but I warn you , I have never read out - loud , you may not like it ! harry you will only have to browse . 9 . live room , mateo' home . int . day . the same live room we have see in sequence 1 . there be very little light . girl do you mind if I turn on the light ? so that I can read ... it 's too dark in here . harry oh , yes ... turn the light on ... the girl turn on a table lamp . cut to . Harry be sit on a sofa and she be in front of he , on a armchair . she open the newspaper down the middle , before she read anything she direct a brief but intense glance at Harry . she read about the percentage of that in Madrid who abide by the blackout that be organize in the name of global change . she turn a few page and stop . read as if for herself : girl ernesto martel be dead ! harry who ? 11 girl ernesto martel . I know one of he granddaughter ... harry so he 's dead . girl you know he ? harry no ... turn more page . girl what be you interested in , politics , economy ... culture ? harry I be interested in you . what be you like ? do you mind describe yourself ? the girl begin to describe herself , at first a little tentative . ( her measurement ? she smile . she know they by heart . ) she describe herself . the color of she eye . her hair . her skin . how she 's dress , while she trace over he with she glance ( when she speak of she eye , we see he eye ; when she speak of she mouth , we see he , etc ) . her gaze stop at Harry 's crotch . Harry can feel she watch he . the situation seem perfectly natural . Harry approach she ( he know she 's right in front of he ) . with he hand , he place a brief caress on each of the part the girl have just describe . the eye , the hair , the mouth . he lower he hand until they fall , spread , on she breast . it be as though the blind man could gaze at she with he finger and palm . he rest he head on the girl 's breast , pull down she bra strap and he begin to savor 12 she breast , delicately . Harry 's cell phone ring , but he ignore it , do not pick up . cut to . 10 . continued . harry home . int . day . they make love on the sofa . cut to . the girl ask for the bathroom , Harry gesture with he hand in its direction . half -nake , with some of she clothes in she hand , the girl head for the bathroom . Harry , still sit on the same sofa , begin to dress and to smooth down he clothes , without hurry . 11 . continued . harry home . int . day . the doorbell ring . twice in a row . immediately follow , the key be insert into the keyhole , from the outside . someone be open it . Harry rise . before he arrive to the foyer , the door be already open . in the middle of the doorway , a woman , judit ( the same one who have be with he during the blackout of the open sequence ) . Harry finish tucking he shirt , barefoot . judit close the door slowly and survey he up and down with inquisitive eye , which he can not see but one could say that he can guess . he smile . judit what be you laugh at ? 13 harry I be only smile , because of the way you be look at I . the sound of a run faucet emerge from the bathroom distract judit ; first the sound , then the immediate appearance of the girl . both woman look at each other and be surprised , despite they attempt to hide it . judit appear more annoyed than surprised . after a very brief silence : girl ( to Harry ) I must go . harry thanks for help I cross . judit ( forty -eight year old , seem young , be dress in a informal and sober manner , little color , etc. , she hair be pull back , parte in the middle , she attitude be that of a guardian ) , she put away the key to the door while she gaze sternly at the young woman . the girl , very uncomfortable , quickly vanish . 12 . continued . harry home . int . day . once alone : judit ( annoy and without apologize , even if it seem she 's try ) I be sorry , I think you be alone . harry she help I cross the street and I invite she in to read I the newspaper . . . 14 judit Harry , you can not bring into you house the first person who help you across the street . one of this day something awful will happen to you ! harry ( sullen and ironic ) everything awful that 's have to happen to I have . now , all that 's leave be for I to enjoy life . . . judit change the topic so that Harry may also change he tone . she turn off the table lamp and she open the window drape that lead to the terrace . judit Diego tell I yesterday that you finish the script . harry I would like to add a final epilogue . it may not be necessary , but I would like to write it . judit I agree to deliver the definitive version to the producer and director today . harry you will have it by tomorrow , do not worry . as he speak , Harry have make he way back to the sofa , without the use of a cane , he know by heart the landscape of the house , which he walk through as if he could see . if anything , he touch any give piece of furniture with the tip of he finger , as if to ascertain whether it 's still there . he walk both with ease , and with the characteristic rigidity of blind people . 15 he pick up the sock from the floor and slip they on ( the newspaper be open on the floor ) . he put he shoe on . judit watch he for a moment , and then turn toward the window . 13 . judit' point of view . the sidewalk across the way . harry be STREET . ext . day . she observe how , on the sidewalk across the way , the girl enter the main door of the building just next to the news -stand where Harry busy he newspaper . from the window she can make out that it 's a important model Agency . return to seq . 12 judit be still look out the window , she back to Harry , when she hear he say : harry ernesto martel have die . judit turn to Harry , surprised but mask it with she voice . judit I think he be very ill ... harry it 's be so long since we have speak of he ! judit nod plainly with she head . silence . ernesto martel 's death do not bring good memory to either of they . 16 14 . harry home . int . day . continued . the doorbell ring . it 's Diego , judit 's son , who double as Harry 's typist and co-scriptwriter . he be a special kid , twenty - five year old . baggy -ey , a weary aspect , but he overflow with charm . dress as a modern kid , but not obnoxiously so . he speak delicately , a attitude uncommon for someone he age . he greet he mother . judit you look awful ...! diego I run here . harry and it 's Monday ! Diego , you do not have to run for I . we be not in a hurry . judit I be , I have commit ... harry you will have it by tonight , do not worry . judit start think of the next script . some kind of horror or fantasy story for bratty teenager . it 's what sell best ... harry I do not know if I will know how to . I be think of develop a story inspire by Arthur Miller 's son ... judit ( perplex ) the writer who marry Marilyn ? harry 17 yes ... after Marilyn he marry the photographer inge morat and they have a son . he be bear mentally handicapped and Arthur Miller hide he ; he do not even mention he in he memoir . he never recognize he publicly . from the moment he be bear , he have he place in a institution and want to hear nothing of he . despite he condition , the boy be able to learn and to make a almost normal life for himself . he live in a apartment with other friend and he find a job as a clerk in a supermarket ... judit look at he perplex . for some reason , Harry have he back turn . this happen many time . judit and Miller never see he ? ... harry ( continue , he back turn ) one day , Miller be give a conference in defense of a mentally retarded man , who have be condemn to death , after what be believe to be a force confession . among that present be he mentally handicapped son , who be integrally involved with organization that aid all sort of disabled people . the son be very proud to finally be share something with he father . at the end of the conference , he approach the stage and hold he in a embrace that must have seem endless to Arthur Miller , who do not know how to extract himself from this mentally handicapped man ; imagine , it would not have be politically correct , least of all give the situation in which Miller find himself . then the stranger let go of he and tell he : " I be 18 you son , Daniel , and I be very proud of you , Father ! " this be the only time father and son see each other . judith listen , affect and disorient . she look at she son as if she be look for help . Diego stop thumbing through a magazine in order to listen to Harry and to witness he mother 's reaction . she be not ready for Harry to counter with such a shocking narrative . judit ( somewhat tense ) it 's very move , but I do not think we can write a script about Arthur Miller without procure rights from the family . harry we change the name , the story be not about the writer 's miserliness , but about the strength of the son who survive without the least bit of rancor toward the father who have ignore he he entire life . it be a story of trouble overcome and of inherent goodness . there be not that many good man that one can write about . judit would like to say that when she speak of a commercial script this be not what she have in mind , but she do not want to come off rude . Diego keep watch they . her mother appear oddly cornere , until she remember a past comment of Harry 's , that suit she just right : judit it 's a beautiful story . but year ago , when you begin write again and I begin sell you script , you tell I you would never write remake , sequel , nor biopics . nor storey whose protagonist be film 19 director , handicapped or blind . I remember clearly because the part of the biopics surprised I . ( smile ) harry I can not bear they ... ( as if he have at that very moment remember ) it 's true , it 's true I say all that , but this would not exactly be a biopic ... they hear the doorbell ring , two or three time . for judit , it 's the best way to escape the conversation . judit I will get it . Diego settles on the armchair , in front of he laptop . on the other side of the table sit the computer that be specially program for Harry . Diego power he laptop . Harry head for the work table . and he sit in front of Diego . harry Diego , go to the end of the document . Diego obey while we hear judit approach the door and , before she open it , someone open it from the other side . we see the document 's text ( a script ) scrolling , fleetingly , over Diego 's computer screen . at the door , judit find mariacruz , the Latin american may , who also have she own key to the house . she be carry two shopping bag . judit give she some directive ( about the window , the curtain , the kitchen furniture , the food , the floor , thing to be dry clean , etc. ) and she leave , say goodbye to Harry and Diego with a simple " boy , I be leave . Goodbye ! " 20 15 . night . bar with music . int . booth . Diego choose a track that function as background music to the three night sequence that follow , although it 's not absolutely necessary . he work at a modern bar ( not very large ) , as a d.j. he spend most of the time inside a small booth , which only a few friend access . Alex , he same age , enter . diego do you bring I the session ? Alex take three CD out of he jacket . alex it 's still warm . just download from the emule . diego dude . I will throw it in now . you want something to drink ? alex yes . and you , would you like a tip of " crystal " ? diego I pass . I do need to sleep once in a while . 16 . harry -mateo home . den . night at that moment , Harry be in front the computer ( a special computer , sonorous , set up for Harry , with braille sign jutting from the keyboard ) . he attempt to " read " some digital newspaper , its content 21 can be hear speak by a very unpleasant synthetic voice . his search produce annoying and strange sound . Harry continously make mistake , but that 's the way to do it . he manage to get into El pais , the obituary section . he listen to a list . he finally find the news of ernesto martel 's death . he listen to the headline . the sound of a mobile phone ringing interrupt he . 17 . judit' office . int . night . it 's judit , from she office . in front of judit , on the other side of the table , full of papers , be the head of production and someone from the american production . they be try to decide on the budget . from the ashtray full of cigarettes , the bottle of water and the cup of coffee , one assume that they must have be at this task for many hour . ( one should be able to see the layout of the shoot schedule , something visual ) . the american production can be hear in the background . ( seq. 16 and 17 run in parallel ) she greet Harry . judit you need anything ? mateo no , thanks . judit what be you up to ? 22 Harry touch the small mp3 , much easier than to listen to the digital newspaper . he do not want to tell she that he be attempt to listen to ernesto martel 's obituary , so he tell she what he will be do next . harry I be go to read a Alice munro story on the mp3 . judit then I will leave you . I will stop by tomorrow , when I can . I have to finish the budget for the Americans as soon as possible , so that I can decide what to do ... ( hang up ) ( to the Americans , in English ) . ok , we can continue tommorow ... once he hang up he mobile , Harry return to he computer , this be when we actually hear the biographical sketch of the decease financier . fade to black . during the fade to black , we continue to hear the biography . in voice -off . off ernesto martel have pass away at he residence in the countryside , " La berzosa . " financier , of chilean origin , who achieve great success and notoriety due to he involvement in the financing of crucial public infrastructure in different Latin american country . 18 . the building's entrance . ext . day . 1990 . 23 a modern building in the financial district . a sign display the name of a important financial company ( M. Capital ) and the year when the action take place , 1990 . 19 . 1990 . ernesto martel office . modern skyscraper . int . day . the end of the voice - off be hear over the image of ernesto martel himself , alive , attend to a phone call , while we hear the last word of he obituary , in off . off recently he have be involved in various financial scandal . he be implicate for fraud in the infamous " case of Bank banelco " . he be marry three time , and have two child ... the interior of ernesto martel 's office : elegant , ostentatious , and decorate without concern for cost . through the window one can witness a cosmopolitan Madrid , from whose soil skyscraper begin to bud . ernesto martel , almost sixty , impeccable suit , settles a conversation with the transportation Minister . frame photograph sit on a piece of accessory furniture , one of he with he two child , a boy and a girl , who do not resemble one another . they have different mother . the wall be decorate by a abstract painting belong to the avant - garde group El paso . ernesto ... I just speak to the transportation Minister . thing be in full swing . yes , we be do the Caracas 24 metro ... there 's a lot of money ... at least five year . I be look for a qualified company and have you in mind ... of course , I will serve as intermediary , I have be tell so by the President himself . cut to . 20 . ernesto martel office build . administrative office . int . day . 1990 . on the same floor . fairly close to the boss ' office , divide by modern and ample cubicle , we find some of the company 's employee . his secretary , magdalena ( she diminutive be lena ) , be speak on the phone with a look of contain alarm . personal problem . in she early thirty , lena be dress soberly , almost excessively so ( as if she be attempt to project a maturity , effectiveness and responsibility that she not yet possess ) . she be a very beautiful woman , on whose countenance the pass of time have begin to leave its mark . she have a small mole , slightly raise , next to the seam of the lip , and another one on the top edge of the nose . she could do more with she physique , modernize it , but this be not what she aim for . her face remind we of one of the heroine of the american film noir , bring up to date . she possess the turbulent and at once translucent beauty of gene tierney and the bored disdain of Linda darnell ( in " fall angel " ) . lena be a splendid fall angel . we can not hear what she say , but judge from she reaction , the content of she conversation be dramatic . her eye flash with indignation and anger . return to 19 . 25 ernesto martel call lena , he personal secretary , by way of a internal line . return to 20 . magdalena interrupt she conversation with " I will call you later " , as the indicator light up , announce another call on the line . she push on the button corresponding to that phone call and she hear she boss ' voice summoning she . " yes , sir " , she respond , promptly . she get up from the table . she dry she eye and nose with a kleenex , grab a pen and a rectangular write block and head to ernesto martel 's office . 21 . ernesto martel office . int . day . 1990 despite the fact that he 's deal in grand - scale business , there be few document for he to consult on he desk . it give the sense that for the most important part of he job ( grand scale speculation ) , ernesto deal directly . he be the great intermediary without intermediary . magdalena enter . he invite she to take a seat . she comply without altogether control she nervousness ; professionally detach , she attempt to hide the tension that the recent , and truncate , telephone conversation have cause she . ernesto I will dictate a letter for the Minister of Industry ... 26 magdalena open she write pad , ready to write , look serious . her pen drop to the floor . ernesto M. observe she . ernesto be you alright ? magdalena ( as she pick it up ) yes , thank you . but it 's not true . lena look agitate , despite she effort to hide it . ernesto why do not you tell I what 's wrong ? I be sure I could help you . lena look at he , serious and hurt : magdalena my father be very ill . this afternoon they be release he and I want to ask you if I could leave a hour early to go pick he and my mother up . ernesto of course . what 's wrong with he ? magdalena stomach cancer , metastasize . ernesto I be really sorry . 22 . surroundings and entrance , puerta do hierro hospital . ext . day . 1990 27 it 's a hot and sunny afternoon at the end of July . lena arrive inside a taxi to the entrance of puerta de hierro Hospital . on the sidewalk , next to the entryway , she mother await , ( chubby , tired , defenseless and impatient , she 's around sixty ) next to she , a suitcase and a huge plastic bag full of clothes . the mother be a small - town woman , dignify and beat . the shock provoke by the situation have liberated she , if only momentarily , from fall into desperation . through the car 's window , lena can see she mother on the sidewalk , and she ail Father ( a man in he sixty , very debilitate and age ) , sit on a sofa in the foyer . lena tell the cab-driver to wait , and run toward she mother . they kiss . lena I can not believe they have throw you out of the hospital , like dog ... mother ( humiliate , hurt ) yes , honey , yes ... lena ( indignant ) do Dr. alvaro de la torre know this ? the mother gesture for they to get away from the door , that way the Father can not see they . mother he 's be the one ... lena but how ? if he be go to operate he this week , and last week , and the other week ... mother 28 I could not explain on the phone . ( she recount ) Dr. De la torre call we for a appointment . I though it would be to tell we that they be finally go to operate on you father ... but instead he tell we they be release he . ( in disbelief ) I ask he what he mean and he reply : " quite simple , it 's July and I be leave for my vacation " ( as she story move forward the mother relive the same state of mind that she go through in she conversation with the doctor ) and I tell he , " you be throw we out onto the street ? " and he insisted , without the least bit of compassion , " I be release he so that you can go home " , but " what can I do with he at home in he condition ? " . " that 's you problem " he tell I ( she cry ) , " do whatever you like , I be leave on vacation " . " he be die ! " I begge . " well , let he die in peace , at home " , he say to I . lena ( powerless , furious ) it can not be ! they can not keep he for twenty day , torture he with test in preparation for a operation and now leave he like this , just because the doctor be leave on vacation ! the mother look at she without know what to say . she take a small handkerchief to she nose . lena have you protest ?... mother to who ? Dr. De la torre be the head surgeon . there be no one over he . 29 lena refuse to accept the situation . the father appear through the door of the hospital entrance , exhaust . he lean down to catch he breath . with a weak voice , almost inaudible , he say to they : father do you forget about I ? lena and the mother approach he , almost jubilant , hide they sense of helplessness and frustration . lena ( her eye well up with tear , she gather she last bit of strength ) how could you think that dad ! between the two woman they help the father to the taxi that be wait for they nearby . they put he in the car . the man can hardly walk . he be very thin , he bone jut out from under he ashen skin . he walk crouch over . the taxi pull off . 23 . peripheral highway , madrid . inside the taxi . highway . day . father you know what Dr. De la torre tell I before he break the news ? he falter . he be too exhaust to speak . 30 father ( to the mother ) you tell she , paca . mother he say : I be glad you be not still in the service , emilio . lena ( not understanding ) why ? mother " because if you be still in the service , after what I be go to tell you , you would shoot I ... " lena stare , completely wide - eye with amazement . lena he really say that ? father yes ... and he be smile , he think it be funny ... 24 . peripheral neighborhood . ext . day . 1990 . the taxi park in front of a humble building , in one of that outly neighborhood in the periphery of Madrid , a commuter town . Children , woman , street ambience . it 's like a provincial town , transport to a huge city that be in the midst of merciless development . at that hour there be few people on the street . the passage between this sequence and the next happen through the door of the car and the apartment , respectively . the Father exit , aid by lena and the mother , when the door to the taxi close it 's the door to the apartment that shut , with all three character inside the entry hall . 31 25 . lena's parent ' home . int . day . 1990 . lena lock the door from inside . it 's a humble and small apartment , magdalena and she mother situate the man on the bed in the master bedroom , in the most comfortable way possible . the décor reflect the bad taste of the era , especially of that social class , here and there a certain rural detail stand out . antique photograph of the grandparent . photograph of the Father in he policeman uniform , next to the mother . over the headboard , there be a crucifix on the wall and perhaps a thick , wooden rosary . Religious image on the nighstand . attention place on the bedspread , the curtain , the dresser , the closet and the wall . everything be new , ugly period furniture . the effect generate be of a somber kitsch . lena open a dresser drawer , on top of it sit the picture of the father in he policeman uniform , with the mother . she find a Star 9 mm pistol . she grab it and try its weight , the mother see she and tell she to leave the weapon in its place . ( perhaps at that very moment the mother be inject the Father with morphine ) . cut to . in the dinning hall , lena hand she mother money so that she can buy food and she father 's medication . lena call I any time , no matter what it be ! 32 the light that shine through the window , cover with curtain of a indefinite but slightly brilliant pattern , begin to fade . mother and daughter kiss . 25 A. lena inside a taxi returning to madrid . night . while lena be at she parent 's apartment , night fall . lena depart lose in she thought , she can not shake off she parent ' situation . she shift she eye . she must find a solution , urgently . she light a cigarette . she look at she wristwatch . she seem to have make a decision . she look out the window . she find the inter - urban landscape desolate . 25 B. neighborhood : prosperidad , vallegas or LA latina . ext . night . the taxi stop in front of the building where lena life . she exit the taxi and open the door . 26 . lena's home . ( neighborhood : prosperidad , vallegas or LA latina ) . int . night . 1990 . lena enter she apartment . a tiny studio , but charming . no sooner have she drop all that she be carry , than she head to the phone and make a call . the décor be agreeable . Little money , but well spend . a poster of hitchcock 's " vertigo " dominate one of the wall , or a frame photochrom of Kim novak in the film . there may be another 33 film reference ( Jean seberg and romy schneider ) . lena , secretly , be a cinephile . 27 . madame mylene's den . 1990 . int . night . 27 . A. lena's home . int . night . ( alternate between both space ) Madame mylene be a blonde woman , very dress up , older ( between fifty and seventy ) , have have plastic surgery , and have not renounce she womanhood . despite the quality of she attire , she makeup and she jewel , there be something about she appearance that be unequivocally sinister and heartless . while she speak she have a drink and smoke a cigar . a man of " professional " appearance keep she company . it 's the de of a high -class Madame . the de seem more practical than feminine . lena Madame mylene ? hello , it 's severine . madame mylene severine ! it 's be so long ! I be so happy to hear from you . lena I need money . madame severine how soon ? lena now ! my weekend 's free . I be busy during the week . madame mylene I will see what I can do . May I call tonight if I find something ? 34 her tone give it away that she will not have the slight problem " find something " for lena . lena yes . I will wait for you call . cut to . 28 . lena's home . int . night . 1990 . the telephone ring . lena have she hair down , she have put makeup on ( in excess ) . she look more attractive , but the makeup also give she a harder edge . she cover herself with a robe . she immediately grab the phone . she seem like a different woman , worldly and nocturnal . lena yes ? off ernesto martel severine ? lena ( on alert ) who be it ? 29 . live room , ernesto m.'s mansion . int . night . we see ernesto martel , speak on the phone , in one of the live room of he mansion . he be dress to go out , a drink in he hand . he be alone , he tone be that of a man court a woman . 35 ernesto martel I be call on Madame mylene 's behalf . lena recognize the voice , there be no doubt it 's he . despite the shock she manage to bluff , categorical and quick : lena ( slightly alter she voice ) you have make a mistake , sir . no severine life here . ernesto martel do not believe she , but he play along . ernesto martel I must have dial wrong . Excuse I . lena hang up , confuse and irritate . call again . 30 . lena's home . int . night and 31 . madame mylene's den . int . night . 1990 lena dial Madame mylene 's number madame hi ! have he already call ? lena who ? madame the client ! you will not complain about my speediness ! lena 36 ( furious ) but ... how have you give he my number ?! madame I could not say no . lena thing be not do like that ! have you go mad !? madame he know everything . and I have not be the one to tell he , he find out on he own account , he know about you foray into act , and that you sometimes " act " for I ... lena listen , furious and impotent . madame month ago he make I promise he that if you get back in contact with I I would call he . I could not say no , he be one of my best client . lena you bitch ! madame ( unmove ) look on the bright side . he must really like you to go to the length he have ... perhaps you have find you sugar daddy . lena remain in silence , humiliate , cornere . madame what have you agree on ? remember I be part of the business . lena do not respond . she hang up the telephone . 37 32 . lena's home . int . day . 1990 . in the morning . magdalena be sleep in she bed . the phone wake she . it 's she mother , in the middle of a cry fit and panic attack . lena ( wake up , suddenly , frighten ) how be dad ? mother ( crying ) not well at all , my dear . we have be through a hellish night . he have not eat anything . but he will not stop bleed ... and everything be come up ... it 's as if he have burst inside . the mother speech falter , she be very scared ... lena I will be there with a ambulance immediately . be ready to leave ! before she call a ambulance , lena call ernesto martel . they greet each other . ernesto do not pretend to be surprised , he come across cordially . he think this may be the continuation of they phone call from the previous night . lena Mr. martel ? it 's lena . ernesto ( delighted ) good morning , lena . 38 lena I be sorry to bother you ... ernesto ( gallantly ) you be never a bother . lena my father be die . we must admit he urgently , but I do not know where . as I tell you , they release he from puerta de hierro yesterday . ernesto change he tone . now he be a all - powerful man , generous and with every recourse at he fingertip . ernesto do not worry . we will take he to the emergency room at a private clinic . ( wanting to confirm ) you tell I that he have stomach cancer ... lena yes . ernesto ( think ) the best digestive surgeon in Europe be at the clinica de la luz . I will take care of the admittance issue . call a ambulance and tell they to pick up you parent . I will meet you at the clinica de la luz in a hour ... lena ( plainly , but grateful ) thank you very much . even though neither one of they mention the phone conversation of the night before , it be present on both of they mind . 33 . madrid street . ext . day . 1990 39 a ambulance traverse Madrid at full speed . 34 . surroundings and entrance to clinica do LA luz . ext . day . 1990 it arrive to the emergency ward at the clinica de la luz . they carry lena 's father in a stretcher , she mother alongside he . 35 . clinica do LA luz . hallway . int . day . 1990 one of the hospital 's hallway . the mother , lena and ernesto be wait together on a row of chair next to a door . Dr. blasco emerge , a eminent surgeon specialist . a impenetrable man , he do not mince word . get information from he be like pull tooth . he be polite , but not accommodate in the slight . ernesto how 's the patient ? surgeon you have bring he in terrible condition ... which I suppose you know . the mother affirm with a gesture . ernesto ( with good manners , but authoritarian ) will you be able to save he ? 40 surgeon we will do everything possible ... at this very moment it be impossible to operate ... lena and the mother look at both man , anxiously . surgeon perhaps tomorrow . we be provide parenteral nutrition ... he will need a blood transfusion ... ( look at both woman ) do you have any relative who can donate ? lena well , here ... I do not know ... the mother also do not know what to say . ernesto give he the best blood you have get ! surgeon I will keep you update on he condition in the next hour ... ( he say goodbye to they ) mother May I stay ? surgeon yes , of course . you can stay in he room as long as you wish . the mother be not accustom to so many privilege . the doctor say goodbye to ernesto martel and the woman , mechanically . 36 . hallway clinica do LA luz . int . day . 1990 41 when the three be alone the mother thanks ernesto martel for what he have do for they . she look at she daughter , in a know way , as if she understand ( and accept , what else can she do ! ) the situation . lena I will stay here , Mom . you have to rest ... mother ( with strength , but beat ) no , you rest ... you have already do enough ... thank you very much , Mr. ernesto . if my husband survive , it will be thanks to you . ernesto he will survive , mar 'am . lena really , you do not want I to stay ? or that I bring you something ? mother no , go . you both must have thing to do ... lena comply . in effect , there be something urgent she must do : pay the price for all that privilege . to pay the cost of she father 's life . ernesto and lena walk to the other end of the hallway . before she enter the room , the mother bid farewell to they with a look that 's sad , tired , but of fortitude . the two figure slowly recede down the hallway , until they disappear in a fade to black . 37 . mateo -harry home . return to 2008 . int . day . 42 from black . the door to Harry 's apartment . the doorbell ring . the house be completely dark . Harry move with he characteristic naturalness . he be come from the bathroom , he hair wet and wear a robe . he feel around until he find the peephole . he open it and reach he eye toward it , as if he could really see the person on the other side . he be not wait for anyone , so he hope the visitor will think he be watch , even if he can not see a thing . harry ( from inside ) who be it ? a voice on the other side of the door respond : ray X I be Ray X ... harry Ray X ? there 's no such a name . ray X it 's a nickname , at one time I take a lot of ecstasy . harry what do you want ? ray X to write a script with you , so that I can direct it . harry it 's you first film ? ray X I make a documentary ( naïve ) ... a very good one , eighteen year ago , this would be my first fiction film . harry 43 ok . call judit Garcia , my agent , and explain everything . if she find it suitable , she will set up a date for we . and now , I would like to go dry myself , you pull I out of the shower and I be drip wet . ray X ( the word escape ) you be naked ? harry it 's none of you business . Ray do not move . neither do Harry . they both remain still and mute on they respective side of the door , wait for the other to do something . Ray be mortify about have ask the last question . harry will you stand there all day ? ray X you have not give I judit Garcia 's phone number . harry find it out . she be a well - know production director . this time Ray step away from the door and walk toward the elevator . cut to . 38 . harry home . 2008 . int . day at another point in the day . Harry play music ( a CD with song that Diego have select for he , expressly ) , he look after the bonsai , or he water the plant while 44 he listen to the radio . Harry touch the plant as well as the bonsai delicately , with the tip of he finger . the phone ring . off judit hi Harry . it 's I . harry tell I . off judit a young director have be in contact with I . his name be Ray X and he want to write a script with you ... do this ring a bell ? harry yes ... ( he be about to tell she he show up without notice , but judit do not give he time to ) . judit ( since she be always busy and in a hurry ) well , he want to see you this afternoon , or tomorrow , if you can . I have ask he for a advance and he have accept , but I cannot accompany you either today or tomorrow ... harry I will speak to he ... and let you know . judit good , I hope you like he , he seem to be load . harry have you see he ? judit no , just judge from he voice . and from the check I be about to ask he for . I will send Diego over so that you be not alone . 45 cut to . 39 . harry -mateo home . den . int . day . 2008 ( the next morning , Harry wear different clothes than in the previous sequence and Ray X as well . ) the doorbell ring . it 's Ray x. mariacruz open the door . Harry wait for he while seat at he desk , one can hear the noise he computer generate . Ray X head toward the de and introduce himself . Harry stretch he hand and wait for the other man to find it and shake it . ray X hi , I be Ray x. they shake hand . harry hello Mr. x. please , have a seat ... ray X please , do not address I formally . ( perhaps the kitchen be light and only the light from the window enter the area where the conversation be take place ) . Ray watch Harry inquisitively . he observe everything , the furniture , the wall - hanging and Harry 's own body , shamelessly , take advantage of the fact that Harry can not see he . mateo sense the heat of he visitor 's gaze over he body . 46 Ray be thirty - five year old and he physique be somewhere between freakish and bohemian but expensively dress , hard to classify , thin , with a beard . only when he speak he reveal he well - breed origin ( not excessively , nor parodically , just sufficiently evocative ) . he be excited by the very fact of be there , it seem it be something he have be desire for some time . he take advantage of the fact that Harry can not see he in order to observe he without reserve . during the conversation , Harry be not always sit . at some point he move ( to look for cigarettes , perhaps ) and remain stand . ray I love you work , I know it from the start . harry thank you . ray I have see all of mateo Blanco 's film , include the last one , " Girls and suitcase " . harry be that so ? you must be the only one . 40 . harry home . vestibule and kitchen . int . day . 2008 . at this exact moment , Diego enter . mariacruz open the door for he . just in time to hear Ray 's question . ray what happen to mateo Blanco ? harry 47 why do you ask ? 40 A. Diego go to the kitchen . Harry have hear he , he know he 's there , if he have not call he it 's because he do not need he . ray because he vanish from public life ... harry it would seem that way . ray almost as if he would die . harry yes . . . ( ironically ) I lose track of he some time ago . ray I have always be intrigue by the case of he last film . harry whose ? ray mateo Blanco 's . the first five be stupendous . you be the screenwriter for all of they , how do you explain that the last one be a disaster ? harry ( make uncomfortable by the topic ) film turn out well or badly . the reason be always a mystery . ( mateo switch genre , perhaps he be not skilled for comedy ) . but tell I about the story you want to write . 48 Ray X measure he word , it 's very important to he and he do not want to do so hastily . ray ... I would like to write a story about a son 's revenge , one against the memory of he father . harry why do the son desire revenge ? ray ( speak personally ) because the father ruin he life , practically nullify he while he live . the father be a successful financier , violent , homophobic , very powerful and unscrupulous . he think everyone have a price and that 's how he behave with people . I do not know if you have have the misfortune of meeting someone like this ... Harry do not allay he doubt . harry when you say he be powerful , what kind of power be you refer to ? ray X economic , with everything that entail . he be a broker , of the generation of speculator that make quick , high - profit gain in the 80s ; he amass a great fortune during the oil crisis . the son be sensitive , with complex and artistic preoccupation , and life under he shadow , try to please the father in everything . despite be a bit ... homosexual , the son marries twice , just like the father , and , just like he , he separate . he have a 49 son that hate he just as much as he hate he own father . when the father die , the son be finally able to rebuild he life . that be he salvation and he revenge . harry I get it . I be afraid I be not the writer you be look for . ray X you be , you do not know how much ! Harry register what he have just hear . ray X I will pay whatever you ask . harry it 's too personal . ray X make it yours . I be not aim for a biopic , rather , I think of it as a base from which to develop a fiction . harry thanks , but no . ( he rise ) and now , if you do not mind ... 41 . continued . he call Diego . the boy respond in that instant , he be in the kitchen , wait for Harry to call he . Ray X will not give up , so he write he telephone number on a piece of paper and place it in he hand . 50 ray X there you have my phone number , if you change you mind . Harry be still stand , with the piece of paper in he hand . Diego observe both man . Ray get up . ray X I be sure we will see each other again . harry in my case , that would be a miracle . Diego accompany he to the door . and close it behind he . Harry open he desk 's drawer and place the piece of paper with Ray 's telephone number inside . he rummages through the drawer 's interior until he find a key . he grab it . 42 . continued . Harry and Diego be now alone , in the de . ruminate over Ray X 's visit and the story he be propose Harry . harry do you overhear that ? diego yes ... I be flipping out ! why do he ask you if mateo have die ? harry 51 to provoke I ... I do not know ... help I find something ... ( he point toward the drawer at the bottom of the bookcase and he hand he the key to open one of they ) look inside that drawer . Diego open the drawer with the key Harry have give he . the drawer be full of different group of photograph and various object mix in a certain order . there be a black notebook . a box with mexican handicraft . some 1980 postcard as well some from other decade , some movie postcard , some other of exotic landscape ... some of the group of photograph be sort into envelope , box or transparent binder . for Diego it 's like look into a treasure chest . it have be many year since that drawer have be open . this be out of respect , not from lack of curiosity , Diego would never do so behind Harry 's back . harry look through the picture of the ` 94 shoot . some of the photograph must have the date on it . after toss aside various envelope , Diego find a lot of photograph of the shoot , date ` 94 . he take they out of they envelope . he shuffles through they , until he pause at one . diego I think this be he ... harry who ? diego the man who just leave . harry 52 ( rising ) describe the picture to I . diego it 's from the shoot . ( he look at the box from where he 's take it ) . he be carry a small camera , like a Super 8 . harry it 's a 16mm . be you sure it 's he ? diego he be now thin and wear a beard , but it 's he . he be talk to you . harry what be I say ? diego I do not know . he be hand you something , it look like a pack of cigarettes . harry it 's a radio microphone . he be ask I to wear it and I be refuse it . diego who be he ? harry ernesto martel 's son . Harry be perturb by the confirmation of he doubt . he would have prefer to be mistaken . harry ( serious and pensive ) you can put they away now ... Diego return the different set of photograph to they place , inside the drawer a photo appear of lena 's face , in close - up . it 's the same woman who appear in sequence 20 through 36 . 53 the drawer close , darkness engulf its interior , drown lena 's image , soon reborn in the next sequence . 43 . home , ernesto martel senior . ( 1992 ) out of the darkness , lena 's image emerge , the year be ` 92 : a close - up of the woman , look at herself in the mirror , touch up she makeup . she grab a dress by a famous designer of the time and put it on . a few meter away , in the bedroom , ernesto button up he fly , after tucking in he shirt tail . the scene be that of a wealthy couple , who get along . they be prepare to attend a concert . ernesto be a big fan of classical music . lena look rejuvenate and more refine . her life and she facial skin have both improve since the first time we see she in martel 's office . the mole have disappear from she face . her demeanor be still adult , that of a young woman who have experience life . ernesto martel frequently rest he gaze on she , fascinate , it 's hard for he to believe that " such beauty " belong to he . 44 . continued . the phone ring . ernesto senior pick up the handset . his relaxed countenance change the second he hear the voice on the other end . 54 it 's he second wife , whom he divorced year ago . he treat she with disregard . ernesto S. I can not talk now , rosanna . off it 's about you son . I have catch he try on my dress . and it 's not the first time ... ernesto S. it 's you fault , you make he effeminate to humiliate I ! off that 's not the problem , the boy be very depressed , I have have to take he to a psychiatrist . ernesto S. do not call he " boy " . he be already seventeen . off the doctor have tell I he be in need of a father figure ... I think I be go to send he you way so that he can spend some time with you , after all you be he father . ernesto if I have not be a good father in eighteen year , I do not think I can learn to be one precisely now . off how can you speak like that ! have you no feeling ? ernesto ( look at lena , intently ) I have they . very deep feeling , they just do not include either of you . while he speak , lena consult he about the jewelry she be about to put on , she try on different pair of earring for he approval , something he give without pause he phone conversation . 55 lena make a gesture of reproach . ernesto should not speak to he ex - wife in that tone . off if anything happen to he , you will know who 's at fault . ernesto stop blackmail I , rosanna . tell ernesto that if he want to talk to I he should call I himself . ernesto martel senior hang up , bewilder . 45 . continued . 1992 . lena ( in reprimand ) do not be so harsh with they , ernesto ! he sip from he drink , or he serve himself another one if he have already finish the first . ernesto blackmailer ! lena why do not you invite you son to spend a few day here ? ernesto it would be better if you do not get involved with they , lena . ernesto take a sip from he drink . 56 lena he can keep I company ... do he like movie or theater ? ernesto senior cast she a sideways glance . ernesto I do not know . but the mother have tell I he be a bit faggot . if I ask he to come I would like for you to tell I if that 's true ... and whether you think there 's any remedy ... lena and how would I know ?! what a idea ! ernesto I be not ask you to fuck he , but you good - look girl can tell this thing . lena call he , but you can not count on I for the rest . ernesto approach the telephone and dial a number . 46 . ernesto martel mansion . ( 2008 ) . int . night . fourteen year later ­ in the same room , decorate differently , ( more modern , more colorful ) , although it still retain some noble and timeless furniture piece and the same layout ­ ernesto junior ( we in effect confirm that this be Ray X ) speak on the telephone while get dress to leave for a party . in that very room , another man ( young , handsome and ambitious ) be get dress in front of a piece of furniture equip with a mirror , at the very spot lena have be 57 earlier . ( this piece of furniture be not the same one as the one fourteen year earlier , this be a more masculine piece , the other one be a type of boudoir ) . off ex -wife I be not reproaching you for we separation but that you live with a man ... what will you child think ! ernesto junior ( on the phone ) that they father be a homosexual ( he gaze at he handsome boyfriend ) and that he have very good taste . if they love I and you do not set they against I , they will accept it . off ex -wife you should have tell I before we marry ! ernesto junior if you have not be so exclusively concerned with my father 's fortune you might have notice it yourself . the ex- wife grumble furiously . the beautiful boyfriend continue to dress and smile at ernesto . another telephone ring . ernesto junior I have to go , I have another call . 47 . ernesto son' mansion . int . night 2008 47 A. judit' production office . int . night . ernesto J. 's lover will it be you other ex-wife ? 58 ernesto junior I hope not . ( into the headset ) yes ? judit ( dryly ) it 's judit Garcia . ernesto junior oh , hello , judit . ( in a amiable tone ) do you get the money ? judit I do not want it ! I just send it back , ernesto ! she emphasize he name . ernesto junior you will not call I Ray ? it 's my artistic name ... judit artistic ? what be you up to ? ernesto junior hope to erase my father 's name . judit and what do that have to do with Harry ? ernesto junior I have be want to see he for a long time . and it 's true that I want to shoot a movie and that I want he to write the script . ( look at the boyfriend ) I have get the protagonist . the boyfriend catch the allusion . judit you be not a director ! ernesto junior you should take a look at my documentary , you would change you mind . 59 judit ernesto , forget about we ! ernesto junior do not be afraid of I . I be not my father . judit do not come near Harry again . if you ever stop by he house again I will report you for harassment . and she hang up the phone . at that very moment judit be in she office with the american production team . she apologize and attempt to recover she calm before undertake the subject of the meeting at hand . 48 . judit' home . judit' bedroom . int . night . 2008 the house be not very big , but it be large enough for two people . it 's discretely feminine and very practical . the detail indicate that a independent woman life there , as well as a young - man , twenty - five year old . there be some detail of the décor ( the curtain , for example ) that be replicate in Harry 's home . it be clear that judit have have a hand in set up the writer 's home . judit be pack she bag , she pace back and forth . she be a bit overwhelm , with multiple thought crossing she mind . at time , she ask for Diego 's help . judit I be not at all pleased with have to scout outside Madrid , but the Americans pay a bundle and we need money . 60 diego you can leave without concern . do not worry about I . judit I be also worried for Harry . ( sound more like a order than a request ) please , look after he during my absence ... diego ( protest ) I have thing to do , mom . I can not look after he all day . judit it 's only two week ! diego Harry manage perfectly on he own and right now we be not write anything . acknowledge the reason for she worry . judit I be worried about ernesto junior 's visit . I would like for you to be on guard in case he appear or call and then let I know immediately ! diego why be you so worried ? judit stop what she 's do , and take a moment to take a deep breath . judit he 's crazy . I do not trust he . diego why ? judit 61 ( evasive ) it 's a long story . diego ( persistent ) summarize it ! judit Diego , please , this be not the moment . diego it never be for you ! judit ( exasperate ) hey , if it bother you so much to look after Harry , I will quit the job and stay in Madrid ! or I will hire someone . diego it do not bother I to look after Harry ! but I be tired of so much secrecy ! ( it 's a civilized encounter , no scream . there be tension , but it be keep under control by both of they ) 49 . in a public park and on the STREET . ext . day . 2008 a public park . Diego and Harry be walk along a straight pathway . kid , dog , people jogging . it be a tranquil and pleasant place . Diego be in front , Harry be behind he , hold on to he elbow , ( as reference ) , but it 's Harry who be move faster , push Diego from he elbow . the boy show sign of exhaustion , he be wear black sunglass . diego do not go so fast ! harry 62 we be exercise ... diego I be not . I be just keep you company . how can you walk so fast ? harry I be training and I do not work at night , nor do I drug myself . diego ( on guard ) what do you mean by that ? harry that I take care of myself , with the fanaticism of a older , handicapped person . diego you be no fanatic . harry yes , I be . all of we who survive a critical physical injury be . there be no other way . cut to . 50 . continued . ext . day . they exit the park . while they wait at a stop sign , a billboard catch Diego 's attention . half of the billboard be take up by the motto : donate blood . the name of participate ambulatory hospital and they hour appear below . Harry can tell he company be distract , so he ask he : harry 63 what be you look at ? diego a billboard . harry why so ? diego in huge letter it say " donate blood " , it include where one have to go . harry you want to donate blood ? diego no , no ... I be think that " donate blood " be a good title for a movie ... harry yes . it have a good ring . diego for a vampire flick . Harry find it amusing . they walk toward home . harry it 's true . diego ( ironizing , kid , improvise ) imagine that behind the billboard a whole group of vampire that work in ambulatory care be hide ... and they actually keep the blood they get from donor for they own consumption , of course ... harry you mother would like that story . cut to . 64 51 . harry home . int . day . 2008 mariacruz , the Latin american may , be prepare something in the kitchen . meanwhile , Diego and mateo gather around the table . Diego sit in front of he laptop . both of the character be improvise , rapidly , and become increasingly excited , complete each other 's sentence . they be have fun , as if play a game . the sequence become a demonstration of the process of create fiction , base on a trivial , real anecdote . ( they will begin the sequence by open a document . Diego write the title in cap : donate blood . ) diego the vampire would be like a type of ethnic group , completely assimilate into Spanish society , they do not stand out . there be vampire who occupy important position , keep it a secret ( like the Opus dei ) . but even though they live in the shadow , they have amass great social and economic power ... harry they control various industry . for example , the one responsible for dark sunglass ... diego ( smile ) and that that provide nightly entertainment : bar , discos , after-hour ... since they do not need drug to stay awake , they be the most apt for work at night . they do not burn out ... harry 65 and for the sunscreen business . the poor thing be very sensitive to climate change and to the hole in the ozone layer . they sunscreen be some of the best on the market . diego ( laugh ) and that which sell best ... this be all great ... Diego talk and take note on he laptop . Harry pace back and forth , in front of the table , like a cage animal . harry protected by the sunscreen , they can function all day ... the lotion must be as dense as armour . diego ( more inspire ) this be how the story could begin : ( describe ) a gorgeous woman , totally naked , rub she body with a super - dense lotion , before head to work at a ambulatory hospital . her body be a velvety pale , beautiful ... harry ( continue ) what a great open ! we also need a love story ... diego a hybrid love story , between the female vampire and a normal guy . harry like in " cat people " , a love story between being of different species ... diego she work at one of that lab where blood be donate and where they snatch it for themselves . the guy have go to donate he , or to get some test . they like 66 each other immediately . after the first needle prick into he vein , she get completely excited . so , they start to date . but she do not want to turn he into a vampire ... this be not proselytize vampire , they be above bite people ... unless they truly need it to survive ... harry but they must like sex , right ? diego of course . that 's one of the problem , the couple desire each other desperately . but when it come to fuck , she become prudish ... harry why ? diego because she be afraid of lose control in she excitement and take a bite into he jugular ... harry aha . diego when they be horny , she let he do everything , front , back , whatever he want , except ravaging she mouth . harry and she breast ? diego also ... but that get into high - risk territory . when he suck on she breast , she have to cover she mouth with a pillow , which she end up shredd with she fang ... harry and when she suck he dick ? diego 67 no , no suck . she would tear it on the first bite . harry and how do he react ? a man may do without kissing , but it 's very rough not to have you cock suck . diego since he be deeply in love , he accept the situation ( or give up to it ) . once they be more comfortable with each other , she wear a muzzle , as security for both . because when she 's turn on , she have a type of dental erection , she face grow into something like that of a she -wolf ... Diego write furiously , while crack up . harry I like you story very much , Diego . diego we story . harry no . this one be you idea , and you will author it . I will be you sparring partner , for all the time you have do the same for I ... Harry be welcoming he as a writer . this fact do not escape the boy , he feel a unexpected pride . 52 . modern and modest bar where diego work . night . int . 2008 at night , Diego d.j. 's inside a small booth . two of he friend , or just acquaintance of the club scene , one of they we have already see 68 earlier , keep he company . the one we do not know , friend a , look pretty load . he be very " friendly " with the other two . diego ( without acrimony ) stop fondle I ... damn it ! alex it 's the ghb . it kick you ass . Diego take a sip of Coke and whisky and set it down somewhere inside the booth . alex do you want a little bit of " X " ? ( refer to " mdma " , aka ecstasy ) diego just a tip . ( he lick he finger and stick its moist tip into the bag that Alex offer he , he take he finger to he mouth ) tomorrow I have to work , we be write a vampire script that 's go to be the shit ! at the bar . the friend , high on ghb , grab a glass of coca-cola from the bartender 's hand , at the bar . he take out a small container and add a few drop of liquid ecstasy into the drink . he take a sip and enter the booth where the other two be . he set the glass down and begin to jump , euphorically . diego stop already , you be go to go through the roof . 69 in between song , ( he be change the tune ) Diego grab friend a 's drink . they be both drink coca -cola , Diego 's have whisky and friend a 's have liquid ecstasy . distract by change tune , Diego do not realize that he have grab the drink with ghb . he take a long sip . and he fall flat to the floor . the two friend , bewilder and scared , attempt to revive he , but to no avail . perhaps Alex will exclaim : alex Holy shit , he 's take a drink from you glass ! why in the world do you get coca-cola ! do not you notice he be drink a jack and coke ? friend a I do not realize ! alex ( very alarmed ) he 's unconscious ! 53 . bar exterior . night . 2008 ( optional ) a ambulance arrive . they carry Diego out , unconscious , from the bar on a stretcher . Alex go with he , very scared . before they go into the vehicle , Diego 's mobile phone ring . Alex take it from Diego 's pocket , he do not know why he be do so , it be a hysterical reaction . on the other side of the line , he hear Harry 's voice . alex no. I be a friend . Diego just ... he 's not well . we be take he into the emergency room ... harry 70 emergency ? can I talk to he ? alex no ... because ... harry what hospital be you take he to ? the friend ask one of the ambulance employee who tell he the name of the hospital . Alex repeat it for Harry . alex who be you ? harry ( improvise ) ... his uncle . I be on my way . 54 . enrace to the emergency room of a hospital . ext . night . 2008 Harry get out of a taxi . he aid himself with the typical blind man 's cane . he can not find the entryway . he bump into something . we have not yet see he this clumsy . someone help he enter . the same person accompany he to the reception desk in the wait - room area . he be no longer the blind man who be walk euphorically along he street 's sidewalk , umbrella in hand . harry ( anxious ) I be here to see Diego Garcia . he 's just be admit . the " receptionist " look through the admittance . take into account that Harry be blind , she decide to call the Doctor who have attend Diego . 71 54 A. shortly thereafter , the Doctor appear . he head directly for Harry . harry I be here to see Diego Garcia . doctor be you immediate family ? harry ( improvise ) yes ... I be he uncle , and he godfather . doctor you nephew be at the icu , he arrive in a coma ... Harry react to the news . harry in a coma ? doctor yes ... harry but , what have happen ?! doctor he ingest liquid ecstasy and alcohol ... it be a lethal combination . his friend inform we it be a mistake ... ( it happen sometimes , kid grab the wrong glass ... ) harry my God ! but Diego be a very healthy boy ... the doctor make a neutral gesture of acknowledgement ... 72 doctor barring any complication , he will recover in six to twelve hour . harry if that 's the case , I will wait ... doctor go home , we will call you ... harry I would rather wait . doctor be you certain ? harry yes . guide I to a place where I can sit , please ... the Doctor direct he toward a area with sofa . doctor would you mind provide we with he parent ' phone number ? harry he only have a mother and , at the moment , she be work outside Madrid ... I would prefer to call she myself ... I do not want to alarm she , unless he be truly in a grave condition ... doctor normally , he should recuperate in a few hour ... but , in any case , you should have a talk with he , once he 's better ... harry yes , of course ... 73 they arrive at a couch set , ugly and lack style , Harry collapse on one of the armchair , demolish . the Doctor return to work . the girl at the reception desk stare at Harry , who be immobile , readied for a long wait . a slow fade to black . 55 . harry home . harry bedroom . int . dawn . 2008 from black . Harry be still wait , this time at home , sit on a wingback chair close to the bed where Diego sleep . on the nightstand , there be some medication and a glass of water , next to a plastic bottle , a alarm -clock . and perhaps a book . through the window you can see the day beginning to break , Diego awaken . at first he do not know where he be . in the darkness of the room he discover Harry 's figure , sit on the wingback chair . he can not tell if he 's awake or asleep , but it soothes he to know he 's not alone . Diego stare at he , he do not say anything . just stare . to he surprise , Harry ask he : harry how be you ? Diego make a listless gesture . diego I do not know ... daze . do you speak with my mother ? harry 74 yes , I tell she it be something you eat ... diego and she believe it ? harry I do not know . she want to hurry back , but I convinced she to continue with the location scout . at some point you will have to call she . silence . Diego think about everything 's that 's happen . after a few second : harry be you asleep ? diego I be not sleepy anymore . harry do you want to talk ? diego no ... harry would you like I to speak ? diego I do not know . if you would like ... harry I say so in order to distract you . when I be young , before I get into make movie , I be very good at tell storey . diego ( not sure ) well , then ... would you mind tell I why my mother be so afraid of ernesto junior ? harry she 's afraid of he ? 75 diego before she leave , she make I promise that I would remain alert , in case he reappear ... harry she do not explain why ? diego she never explain anything . Harry remain pensive for a moment , Diego 's request have take he by surprise . harry it 's a long story ... diego judit say the same thing . how do you meet he ? it be not easy to talk about . in some way it must be obvious that Harry have spend many year ( fourteen ) avoid this topic , but he be determine to do anything necessary to entertain Diego . Diego serve himself some water and prepare to listen . harry we meet he ... in a office we have rent in preparation for my new film , about fourteen year ago . 56 . mateo' office . int . day . 1994 the image that correspond to the past be edit more freely than the rest of the narrative . summarize and sped - up by Harry 's voice - off , mixing media from diverse source . 76 off harry ... after have write five drama , I have finally manage to write a script for a comedy , or that 's what I think . I want to change genre ... to take a risk ( ironic-destructive ) and I swear I accomplish that , the part about take a risk . in 1994 , everyone call Harry " mateo " . he be sit behind a table fill with papers , photograph , book , magazine , a ashtray , pencil and pen holder , etc . at its center , a script lie open , with ton of note scribble on the margin of its page . he be finish the definitive version of " Girls and suitcase " . the casual messiness of the place produce its own aesthetic . the only decoration on the wall , here and there , not follow any particular symmetrical rule , be postcard of painter , actor or landscape , hold in place by tack . there be also a newspaper page that have catch mateo 's attention . or some astonish photograph , take from a magazine . the cover of some magazine . everything without frame , tack directly onto the wall . the furniture be pastel , medium - shade green or red , with velvet tapestry , wear and outmode . the piece do not match , but they look good together . judit enter ( also fourteen year young , but this be less obvious . she be a woman unmark by the march of time . ) mateo be focus on the script 's page . judit be mateo 's right -hand man , they be accomplice in everything , both professionally and emotionally . judit 77 a girl have stop by . she do not have a appointment , so there be no reason for you to see she ... mateo ( without much interest ) what 's she like ? judit too beautiful to be funny . mateo ( smile ) really ? judit she be ernesto martel 's lover , the tycoon . she be here with he son . mateo and she 's a actress ? judit ( ironic ) her ? if she 's be with he for three year , she must be . in any case , go out and say hello , to be polite . one must get along well with important man . you never know . 57 . continued . waiting area . 1994 . mateo exit he office . in the improvise wait area ( it be not a proper wait room but a transient - space turn wait area by a couch leave over from the furnishings of some previous film ) . he find ernesto junior ( in other word , the character who have introduce himself as Ray X fourteen year ago ; in he case , the age -difference be noticeable , he 's just a kid ) . he be a little heavier , he hair longer , he remind we of the love-struck big -kid that phyllip seymour hoffman play in " boogie Night " . 78 mateo 's gaze rest only for a instant on the young man , even though the boy do not take he stupefy eye away from mateo throughout the entire sequence . ernesto junior have accompany lena . when he see she , mateo freeze , at the door to he office . lena 's back be turn , or she head be tilt as she read a magazine . ernesto elbow she , lena raise she head and discover mateo , watch she from the door to he office . mateo 's heart churn , it 's a cinematographic churn , he feel like James Stewart in " vertigo " , when he first see Kim novak at the restaurant , with she famous green dress . time stop for a instant so that mateo may contemplate this woman 's apparition . after this brief hypnotic moment , they introduce themselves , forget ernesto 's presence , who then , since no one pay attention to he , introduce himself . even though she 's a bit nervous , one can tell that lena be a strong and decisive woman . brunette . mysterious . make - up in dark tone that stand out on she pale skin . refined . she do not have the aspect of a comedienne , she presence be too intense , she seem better suite to be the heroine of a film noir ( as we have say ) . genre and they iconography pose no limit on mateo 's capacity to be attract to she , from the first instant . lena I be sorry we show up like this , but I have hear you be run audition ... and I would like for you to give I a try out . mateo observe she intently . she do not resemble any of the character in the script , but he no longer care about that . at some 79 point , judit make she appearance and get to contemplate this scene herself , displease . lena I can come whatever day be convenient . mateo you be already here . let 's read something . it do not sound like " let 's read something " but more like " let 's have a drink . " they disappear through mateo 's office door . fade to black . 58 . ernesto senior' mansion . ( in puerta do hierro or something like it ) . ext . night . 1994 . from black . ( over a establish shot of the mansion , one hear Harry 's voice - off as he speak to Diego ) off harry the read do not work out . we be both too nervous . the first meeting and the read we do only serve to make I realize that woman 's very presence perturb I . great mansion , with a huge green parcel of land with various tree , bush , flower ... two or three dog be run across the lawn . the 80 plot of land must span about 6,000 square meter or more . ( the dog approach the camera , as if it be a trespasser ) . alarm system , etc . the main building have two level , join by a grand staircase . all decorate by wife with the wish to be decorator , aid by hire decorator . brand - name furniture , two or three painting worth million . a piano and a certain desolateness . one can tell that he previous wife have leave along with a part of the furnishings . 59 . live room on the top level . lena and ernesto senior dine . int . night . 1994 the Father already know he be miss information about something unexpected that have go on that morning . they be at dessert . ernesto senior where have you be this morning ? lena ernesto have not tell you ? ernesto senior I have not ask he . lena ( she hate have to account for herself . ) I go to see a film director . ernesto S. what for ! lena ( dryly ) for a audition . ernesto look at she with surprise , he do not approve of it . 81 ernesto S. a audition ? how so ? lena ( with less determination than she would like , but enough to alarm ernesto senior ) I want to work . ernesto S. be not you go to study interior design ? be not you go to redecorate the house ? I think we agree that you would transform what 's leave of my two shipwreck marriage into something more we own ... lena call a decorator ... I want to be a actress . I have always want to . ( brief pause ) ernesto S. you have already attempt it once ... and look how you have end up . lena shoot he a fulminate glance . lena ( affected ) that 's a cheap shot . ernesto S. ( first , he attack . then , he be sorry . lºike any violent lover ) I be sorry , forgive I . lena be frustrated and restless . she rise . lena 82 Excuse I , I be retire to my room . ernesto grab she and then embrace she . lena remain still within he arm , imprison and elusive , the two lock in a strange posture . lena in any case , do not worry . it do not turn out well . I be too nervous . 60 . continued . someone call at the door . " there 's a call " . it 's the voice of one of the hire help , behind the door . " it 's Mr. mateo Blanco , and he say it 's important " . lena ( yell ) come in ! she break free from ernesto 's embrace and run toward the door where the may be hold the supplementary handset . avidly , she grab it from she . she listen , excited . she respond only in monosyllable , affirmatively . she hang up the phone . her eye glitter with intense happiness , a feel from which ernesto feel exclude . lena ( enthusiastically ) that 's the film director . he say the read be not sufficient and he want to see I once more ! lena look imploringly at ernesto senior . 83 ernesto S. what be you go to do ? lena go see he , no ?! ernesto make a gesture that betray he anger and displeasure . lena please , ernesto . I need to do something ! and I have always want to be a actress ! ernesto S. and what will become of I ? lena they have not give I the role yet . ernesto S. they will ...! lena well , if I be to get it , we would still see each other every day , as it have be , in the morning and evening . nothing will change , except that during the day I would work , just like you . ernesto S. why do not we get marry ? lena ( taken by surprise ) what ? ernesto S. I be ask you to marry I ... lena do not you think you have marry and divorced enough time already ? ernesto S. 84 with you it would be the first . lena we have be live together for three year , be not we fine like this ? ernesto S. ( somber ) it do not seem you be . 61 . in the morning . harry home . significant ellipsis . int . day . 2008 Diego be better , but Harry prefer to keep caring for he . Harry make he breakfast . Diego be sit at the table . harry ernesto martel offer to produce the movie . you mother do not want he to . she be wait for a subsidy from the Ministry and a advance sale to television , but that would take month and I be suddenly in a great hurry to begin shoot . 62 . dressing room for make - up , hair , and costume . int . day . 1994 part of the voice - off be edit over this image . lena be in the process of be make - up , coif and dress . this , under the control of mateo Blanco , who do not stop speak , offer reference , make ironic remark , etc . all of this be see through the lens of a 16 mm camera . ( image of contrast color ) . the editing be vertiginous and do not at all respect continuity 85 rule . the young ernesto junior be carry the camera . we also see this scene from the other side of the 16 mm frame , from the point of view of the main narration , which include image of ernesto junior filming with the 16 mm camera . on the inside frame of the dress room mirror , there be photograph of a young shirley maclaine , kate hepburn ( young ) , Judy holliday , audrey hepburn , goldie hawn ( in " butterfly be free " or any other film where she wear she hair long with a fringe ) . icon of the romantic comedy of today and yesteryear . over the voice of the character that appear on frame , one hear Harry 's voice -off . off harry I enjoy make she up , styling she and dress she . lena could be the shirley mclaine of " the apartment " and the audrey hepburn of " Breakfast at Tiffany 's " , or even goldie hawn ... through the 16 mm camera we can see the detail of lena 's mutate image , how it get construct . it be true that she remind we of the three actress that Harry mention in he voice -off . the member of the team assist she ( hair-stylist , makeup artist , costume designer , etc. and lena herself ) laugh heartily when they finish set she up with goldie 's blonde long - hair wig with a fringe . and they stare , dumbfounded , when she be make - up as audrey hepburn in " Breakfast at Tiffany 's " or " sabrina " . it 's a style that fit lena like a glove . they be all fascinate by the change , except judit , estrange and angere by they playfulness . ( for judit , mateo be construct he ideal woman . she find all that play around obscene and dangerous ) . 86 off harry you mother do not like lena . judit watch lena-audrey with a fatalistic stare . off harry I , on the other hand , like she a lot , and she like I . mateo manifest he enthusiasm over the change and lena look at he with excitement . she also feel transformed on the inside and that 's thanks to mateo . off harry ernesto junior also like I ... ernesto junior direct he camera lens toward Harry 's face , not hide he admiration . off harry I be hope to use he for my own end . his father have ask he to make a documentary about the shoot ... 63 . screening room , ernesto martel senior' home . int . day . or night . 1994 ernesto senior be watch the make - up test , the hair-styling test , etc. , part of what we have already see through the 16 mm lens . the sound be chaotic , many people be always speak at once . 87 continued off harry as far as ernesto senior be concerned , ( we observe he watch the projection uncomfortably ) I have never know a man more obsessed with a woman , except myself . he be produce the film out of a desperate attempt to not lose lena . in the middle of this emotional quagmire , we begin shoot ... you mother be present at every instant , she face like a sergeant 's . ( end with a shot in 16 mm of judit . ) 64 . shoot . the set of " girl and suitcase " . int . effect to be determine . 1994 image from " the make of " shot by ernesto junior on 16 mm , with high grain and contrast , mix with direct image from the establish shot of what be occur . the look of lena 's character be openly inspire by the audrey hepburn of " Breakfast at Tiffany 's " , with sabrina 's hair style and loop earring ( fringe and ponytail ) . she have also adopt the style of Holy golithly , she kind heart and that urbane sophistication that characterize modern girl from rural origin . the only difference be a more visceral quality , pina ( lena 's character ) be exalt and Mediterranean , nothing like hepburn . her wardrobe be that of a modern girl in ` 94 , she be a professional model for cosmetic product . one of she advertising photograph be frame and hang on one of the wall of the loft where she life . 88 in studio - made kitchen , inside the complex " pina' loft " . pina , lena 's character , be cut tomato for a gazpacho , inside a beautiful and shiny kitchen . pina be sad , probably think about " all the time she have have gazpacho with Ivan , the absent lover " . a tear drop from she face onto the knife with which she 's cut the tomato . ( in slow motion , one see the collision of the tear with the knife , in a cut - in ) . hers be a subtly comic sadness . when she be do grind up the tomato she take a box of sedative , which she be carry in she apron 's pocket . she throw all the pill into the gazpacho . she keep two or three for herself . ( she may even say out loud , " this be for I " . ) with a wooden spoon , she mix the orange liquid , even though it only contain red tomato . the cut - in be to be alternate with the " make of " of the cut-in . as well as mateo 's comment over the action , which instruct lena how to react . the clap -board mark the end . it 's the fifth take . mateo say " great " . lena almost scream with joy . cut to . 65 . on the other side of the set . int . day . 1994 ( maybe on two random chair from the loft terrace , which be pile up with object from the set , give that this be not where they will be shoot ; the chair be next to the corral with the chicken and 89 rabbit . ) see through the 16 mm camera : in the foreground , the team that 's prepare the next shot for the next sequence ; in the background , without be able to hear what they be say , mateo speak to lena . they be both hold a script in they hand . mateo be give she direction . everything be very professional , but they demeanor radiate understanding , complicity and ... a latent desire . they be not talk about anything personal . " now we will do the part where you return home , frustrated , after have leave Ivan a note on he door . when you bump into julieta . you just open this door , you look at the answer machine from afar . the machine have become some kind of monster to you . you be terrify of it . " " a monster ? " " yes ... you sanity depend on it . if the light blink , it mean there may have be a call . and if it do not blink ... you can not do anything but wait ... and you lose you patience some time ago . " 66 . ernesto senior' screening room . int . 1994 what lena and mateo be say on the terrace , as capture by the " make of " by ernesto junior , be be see and listen to by ernesto senior , in the screen room that he 's have install in he own home . next to he , a young female lip-reader ( a girl of neutral aspect , but interesting , dress as a glamour - less Russian . ) be translate for ernesto senior what lena and mateo be say , as if she be dubbing they . ( the tone of she voice do not betray anything suspicious . everything sound strictly professional , a director and a actress who speak , in complicity , about they work . ) they both appear 90 contain , they attraction make more evident by what they hide than by what they show . judit be present in all the shot of the set up , include the one where mateo and lena be in the background , as mateo make suggestion on how to add nuance to lena 's performance . judit appear solemn and always with a annoyed expression . ernesto senior feel sympathy for this woman . cut to . 67 . end of the work day . interior of the studio . int . day . 1994 the team have just finish shoot a shot with pina on the terrace , lean over a railing , she back turn , wait for Ivan . mateo yell " cut " . and the Assistant send the team away , until the next day . the production team hand out the order for the next day , as if hand out the last edition of a newspaper with break news . dispersal . the different team disband and head toward the exit door . mateo cross path with ernesto junior . ernesto junior be you go to work on something ? mateo no . you may go . ernesto J. I do not mind stay . mateo it 's best if you leave . I be go to try out some wig . ernesto J. 91 wig ? I love wig ! mateo ( categorically ) no ! you do not love they ! you already have many hour shot of wig . this be more of the same . disappointed , ernesto junior say goodbye . ernesto J. and lena ? mateo after she try on the new wig , she 's ask for a massage therapist , she have a spasm ... ernesto J. spasm ... I do not have footage of spasm ... could not I shoot that ? mateo ernesto , stop be a pest and leave already ! see you tomorrow ! mateo speak to he in a friendly tone , as if there be a warm rapport between they . he do so strategically , give that he think the boy be the plague . ernesto junior finally understand that there be nothing for he to do and disappear . and mateo breathes . 68 . warehouse hallway and hair &amp ; make - up dressing room . int . day . 1994 92 mateo accompany edurne , ( the make - up artist and old flame , collaborator and accomplice in other film ) , to discuss some detail of lena 's hairstyle and makeup . they end up at the make - up and hair dress room . lena 's dress room be just next door . she be there with one or two actor who be still hang around . the rest have leave . ( the reason of the previous scene have be a pretext . they both know it ) mateo ( to edurne ) I be go to speak to magdalena ... do you mind be on the lookout ? do not let anyone interrupt we . the hairdresser gesture in accord . 69 . lena's dressing room . int . day . 1994 lena see he enter , she glance at he ardently , not surprised to have he in she dress room . lena be junior around ? mateo no . I send he home . there 's only edurne , on watch ... mateo approach lena and , without the slight preamble , launch himself at she mouth , kissing she fervently . the impression be that they be about to devour each other . they separate as if to catch they breath , look intensely into each other 's eye . they tear each other 's clothes off ( she 's in a robe ) . 93 lena this be madness , mateo . I be no good for you . mateo you should have warn I sooner . there be no overture . they devour each other , hungry . they make love on a small bed , as if they be on the edge of a precipice . desire , contain by both during the past week , explode and level they . neither one do anything to stop it . ( a train pass by at high -speed , both image fuse , the lover and the train across they body . ) fade to black . ellipsis . 70 . ernesto senior' home . int . night . 1994 . lena arrive late from the shoot , tired and satisfied . this be suppose to be another day , not the same day of the " scene " in the dress room . ernesto senior await for she in the live room , in front of a mute television , with a drink in hand . ( perhaps the train will still be present , on the television screen . ) lena approach he and kiss he . ernesto S. ( ironic ) I do not know one work so hard in the movie . lena ( smile ) well , yes , especially if you be a girl . ernesto S. 94 why if you be a girl ? lena sit and take a sip from he drink . lena because you must put on makeup ( and then remove it ) , dress up , do you hair . get dress again , do you hair again . and that take hour . ernesto S. and you be not tired ? lena at the end of the week , sure , but I be happy ... ernesto S. I be think we should take a break , a weekend . just the two of we , alone . at the house in ibiza , or in Paris ... wherever you want ... you and I . lena I can not travel until the shoot be over ... ernesto S. I be talk about just a weekend . lena we rehearse on weekend . ernesto S. do not you also rehearse during the shoot ? lena yes . ernesto S. what 's go on , you spend all day rehearse ! lena ( without lose she cool ) that 's how one make a movie ! ( think , " you moron ! " , but she do not say it ) . 95 ernesto S. and everyone else 's life ? it can not be set aside for month ! lena the movie be boss . ernesto S. Excuse I , I be the producer , so I be the boss . cut to . 71 . on a set in mid -construction , with carpenter , painter , etc . int . day . 1994 mateo argue with the set designer over one of the set . distractedly , judit water the plant , real one , of pina 's fake terrace , some of they somewhat shrivel from be away from the sun for so long . mateo be go to go complain to she about the set , but he notice that she be so worried and tired that he do not say anything . mateo you look awful ... judit Little Diego ... he could hardly breathe all night ... neither of we have sleep a wink . mateo ( worried ) you still do not know what it be ? judit 96 some doctor say it 's asthma , other that it 's allergy , but we do not know to what ... they be still run test , but it 's drive I to the brink ... mateo take all the time you need ... even if we be shoot , you son be more important . judit thanks . ( change subject ) one more thing , I have talk to the producer . mateo and ? judit he complain that the shoot be monopolize lena . mateo ( exasperate and condescending ) and how do he think one make movie ? judit ernesto be a businessman , not a artist . mateo then he should not have sign up as a producer , no one ask he ... judit I warn you ! ernesto martel do not give a crap about this movie and that of we make it , except for one person ! this weekend he be take she to ibiza with he , so you will not be able to rehearse . mateo look at she as if she have just slap he . mumble : mateo Son of a bitch ! 97 72 . luxurious ibizan house . ext and int . day . 1994 lena and ernesto spend the weekend together , at a ibizan house minutely decorate with ethnic detail . the decoration , super - luxurious hippie , do not ring untrue to the Island 's aesthetic . consider that ernesto senior and lena be in the bedroom , on the bed , make love luxuriously . there 's no hurry , they pay careful attention to all the detail . after the final sprint , they both come , satisfied . or so it seem . ernesto remain spend on the bed , motionless . lena get up and go to the bathroom . she open the faucet and let the water run . immediately , she be overtaken by vicious retching . on she knee , she vomit into the toilet . after she 's do vomit she get up and look at herself in the mirror . she wipe off she mouth and close the faucet . she look very pale , the exertion from the vomit be write on she face . quickly , she put some makeup on . enough to bring some color back to she cheek and to get rid of the bag under she eye . her eye still glimmer from the tear she 's shed . more than in any other sequence , it be here that lena reveal she talent as a actress . she exit the bathroom , wrap in a elegant robe , a bit divine - hippie . 73 . bedroom ibizan house . int . day . 1994 ernesto senior be still lie in bed , recuperate . he gaze at she , love-struck . 98 ernesto S. have you put on makeup ? lena ( animate , without exaggeration . a well - fake serenity ) I want you to find I pretty . ernesto S. to I , you always be ! it 's impossible that you would not be pretty . lena sit on the bed , she back to ernesto . he wrap he arm around she waist while she make some typical girl - gesture : look at she nail think of how she will fix they , look into she pocket mirror and ponder the color of she hair , grab a magazine on the nightstand and thumb through it , call she mother to see how she 's do ... or , simple of all , take a cigarette out of its box , look for the lighter , find it and light it . everything be do sluggishly , she 's try to take up as much time as possible . lena would you like a cigarette ? ernesto S. no ... thanks . lena do you know how many fuck we have have since we arrive yesterday ? ernesto S. ( smile , like a champ ) six ? lena ( also smile ) ten. ernesto S. with honour , yes ? 99 lena force a smile , with she back to ernesto . lena yes , I suppose so . ernesto senior embrace she from behind and bring she toward he . he mumble , affectionately : ernesto S. we have to take advantage of we time . we only have one more day leave . 74 . entrance hall , pina' loft . int . day . 1994 shoot . the following monday . only the indispensable member of the team and the actor be cluster around the entrance hall and the elevator : a scene be be shot where pina exit the elevator and walk through the entrance hall , in a hurry , toward the street . she bump into chus , the porter , who be hold two metal object ( a Robert Indiana " love " , impressive and metallic , and a gucci alarm clock in the shape of a G , the G be also metallic . ) chus stop she , almost by force . she be a very " communicative " woman and pina attempt to get she off she back , as quickly as possible , without be rude to she . chus show she both object , with a question look on she face . chus 100 look at what I have find on the sidewalk , they fall from you terrace . pina they be gift from Mr. Ivan and I toss they out . he tell I to keep they , but I do not want they ! chus but you can not do that , Ms. pina . you could have kill somebody ... you can not just throw thing off the terrace , much less if they be metal ... pina in naple , on New Year 's Eve , they even throw out furniture , my grandfather be neapolitan ... I carry it in my blood . chus but this be not naple , nor be today New Year 's Eve ... pina I be anxious and throw thing relax I ... keep they if you like . chus thanks so much , Ms. pina . but that 's not right ... pina exit the entrance hall , leave the porter mid-sentence , while the porter repeat , still , two more time . chus it 's not alright , Ms. pina . the scene be very simple , but it must exude charm . chus be a natural comic talent and pina 's character must act with a flippancy that play comically . at the same time , lena be noticeably exhaust , both physically and emotionally . instead of lend the text lightness , she bring it down . and she 's aware of it . 101 for the first time , mateo do not hide he annoyance as a director because the scene turn out badly , and as a lover because he be jealous of she weekend with ernesto senior . lena can not stand to look at he , she can not bare he angere expression . mateo take she aside to a secluded corner of the set and away from the team . mateo ( serious ) you tone be off , magdalena . lena ( very depressed ) I know . mateo ( in a very low voice ) what 's wrong ? lena ( whisper , on the brink of tear ) I will tell you later . mateo gesture for the Assistant to come over . lena still have she back toward the team . mateo say something to the Assistant , who then say out loud for all to hear : assistant we break for thirty minute , it 's snack time ! mateo meet with lena in the darkest corner of the entrance hall . 75 . ernesto senior' home . screening room . int . 1994 ernesto senior must be intercut , watch in he screen room all that occur at the shoot . next to he , the lip-reader . 102 76 . continued . entrance hall . the member of the team slowly depart from the entrance hall . they take the opportunity to grab a bite or get some air , they gather close to the truck or next to the catering . all except ernesto junior who remain inside and hide furtively behind a styrofoam panel , somewhat remove from the couple , who can not see he . mateo look all around to ensure that they be alone . mateo ( with urgency ) what 's happen ? lena I have have a horrible weekend ... mateo but ... we have not rehearse , so that you could rest ! lena Rest ? I have not sleep a wink all weekend ... ( sigh , on the brink of tear ) it 's be a nightmare ! mateo once again ascertain that there be no one in the entrance hall . he hand she a kleenex so that she may wipe she tear . lena I have literally have ernesto on top of I , all that forty - eight hour , like a leech ! ( repulse expression ) he have not give I a second to breathe , the asshole ! 103 mateo grab she by the arm and take she up the stair to a apartment that the production company have rent in the same building . 77 . ernesto senior' screening room . int . 1994 ernesto senior hear the entire conversation from the lip of the lip - reader . a stony expression on he face . the " reader " repeat the dialogue in a unexpressive tone , which make they sound even more dramatic and painful . cut to . fade to black . 78 . on the set of pina' loft . flashback . int . 1994 a different day . returning from black . various shot of pina 's loft . everything seem chaotic , typical of the end of the work day . the furniture be out of place , silverware and plastic be all mix together with electrical material and stage equipment . the warehouse light begin to shut off . the team disband . on she way to the dress room , lena tell ernesto junior that she be head to she yoga class , as she do every day . and that she want to go alone . ernesto junior 104 my father ask I why it be that I do not go with you to yoga , he ask I all the time . lena well , you tell he that I be a grow - up now , and free , and that I have forbidden you to follow I . ernesto junior you know I can not tell he that . lena try it . it would do you good . ernesto junior I can not . lena do as you wish , but you be not come with I . and she leave he behind . ernesto junior watch she walk away , disorient . he always have a tripod attach to he camera , as in " peep Tom " . 79 . STREET , mateo' home . ext . night.1994 . it 's the fist time we see this set : the entrance of the building where mateo life . almost all the window be darken . it 's midnight . we watch this sequence through the 16 mm camera , situate just in front of the building 's doorway . we watch as mateo appear on the sidewalk , walk toward the building 's doorway . in front of the building , in the main narrative , we see ernesto junior filming with he 16 mm camera . he be hide behind a bush , or cloak by a tree 's shade . either way , mateo do not discover he . 105 80 . ernesto martel mansion . live room . night . 1994 . lower level at the same time that the former be take place , lena arrive to martel 's mansion . she find ernesto senior with a drink in he hand , in one of the live area ( or play the piano ) , she approach he and give he a slight kiss on the lip , in a gesture of hello . ernesto senior ( quotidian and tranquil , a unexpected demeanor for a character of he temperament ) how be you ? lena good , tired . ernesto senior and relaxed . lena ( on guard ) yes ... ernesto senior the yoga be do you good , be not it ? lena catch ernesto 's allusion , but she pretend she have not . she demonstrate she control over herself and she cold determination . lena yes , especially after work ... ernesto senior I be go to snack on something . will you join I ? lena I be not hungry , I would rather go to bed right now . I will only have a yogurt . 106 lena climb up the long staircase , head directly for she room . ernesto listen to she step as they recede . his ironic tranquility disappear and give way to a furious expression . fade to black . 81 . front entrance , mateo' home . ext . night . 1994 . from black . ( a different day . ) frame by the window to mateo 's live room see from the street , one observe the bottom halve of mateo 's and lena 's body , as they move around the apartment . only half of they body be visible because the roman shade be halfway draw . ( one get the impression that mateo be show she around the house ) . they say goodbye . we see all this through a 16 mm camera . without a pause in the shoot we realize that the person carry the camera cross the street and wait outside of the front door to mateo 's building . 82 . front door to mateo' build . night . ext . 1994 lena exit through the door . the second she discover the camera , she confront it . lena ernesto , what be you do here ? ernesto junior work . 107 lena turn that off , you idiot ! have not mateo forbidden you to tape we outside the shoot ? not far from they there be a garbage truck that be make horrendous noise and make it difficult to hear what they be say . the truck get closer and the noise louder so that ernesto junior and lena must scream back and forth at each other . ernesto junior my father have tell I not to listen to he ... he want to see everything . lena you both have no scruples ! ernesto junior remember I be taping you . lena throw herself at ernesto junior and attempt to take the camera from he . they struggle ( the camera continue shoot , the image move around , dizzyingly ) . ernesto junior manage to break free from lena . they be both out of breath . ernesto back up a few step in order to frame lena again and so that he can focus she image . lena could take off run , but instead she stay right where she be ; she let ernesto bring she into focus and frame she correctly , while she fix she hair . she look straight at the camera : lena ( in a barrage ) listen carefully , ernesto . yes , I be talk to you . ( she point toward mateo 's house ) I be just with the man I love and I be the happiest I have be all my life because he love I too ! ( scream ) and listen carefully , ernesto ! I will let 108 you be very soon ! there be no need to spy on I . there be nothing leave to hide ! 83 . private screening room , ernesto senior' mansion . int . day . 1994 ( we see this at the same moment it 's happen . ) the next day , ernesto senior be watch the previous night 's scene on the screen of he private projection room . we discover this when he be halfway into it ; the image pick the action up at the point when lena exit mateo 's house and confront the camera , right after she have attempt to grab the camera away from ernesto junior . the shot in 16 mm alternate with the shot in 35 mm that belong to the main narrative . the sound be uproarious , we can hear what they say in a low volume , just as reference . ernesto ask for the sound to be mute so that the " translator " can do she job . the " lip reader " try , as usual , to be " neutral and inexpressive " , but on this occasion she cannot help but have the violence of the scene affect she . she act as a mere vehicle , not part of the conflict ; nonetheless , she get a little nervous . she be seat next to the volcano : ernesto senior , stony , freeze , silent , and about to explode . 84 . continued . same location . just a little earlier , right before the dizzying image appear on screen , that cause by lena 's attempt to remove the camera from ernesto junior 's hand : 109 on the opposite end of where the screen be , behind the back of both ernesto and the translator , a door open . lena appear . she watch the scene that be unfold on screen as she let she voice rise to she mouth . ( the entire dialogue in which she have address ernesto senior directly be see during the action take place in the projection room , not on the street . ) at first , she voice overlap with that of the translator , who become instantly silent and turn she head toward the door where lena be stand . lena be dubbing herself . lena I be just with the man I love and I be the happiest that I have be all my life because he love I too ! and listen carefully , ernesto ! I will let you be very soon ! there be no need to spy on I . I do not have anything leave to hide ! the translator watch lena and ernesto senior , who be still motionless , watch the screen . on screen , we see lena walk , she back turn , for a good stretch . with a equal obsession , she be follow down the street by the son and in the screen room by the father . 85 . lena's bedroom , ernesto' mansion . dusk falling . 1994 a avalanche of snow , on the television screen . ( some short shot of both ice and whisky as they fall into a tall glass function as a ellipsis between one scene and the next ) . 110 lena pace around anxiously in she bedroom . she attempt to focus on a fashion magazine , but be unsuccessful . she take a deep breath , make a decision . she open the closet and take out a small , weekend suitcase . she fill it with she most indispensable clothes . she exit she bedroom , on the top floor . in the hallway , only a few meter separate the door to she bedroom from the stairway . there be a small landing just before the top of the stair , it have a small table against the wall , a beautiful vase with flower , a mirror and two small sofa on either side of the small table . ernesto be seat on one of they , hold a glass of whisky in he right hand . it can not be the first he 's have . one could say he 's be wait some time now for lena 's exit , a bottle and a icebox keep he company . lena walk a few step . se approach ernesto , but keep she distance . she speak to he in pass . lena ( suitcase in hand ) I be leave , ernesto . I be leave you . ernesto senior ( cold , drunk , contemptuous ) you be not go anywhere . lena and how will you stop I ? ( every single one of the word in this dialogue sound lade and slow ) no sooner have she say it than lena realize that it have be a unnecessary provocation . but it 's too late to take back what 's be say . ernesto senior shoot she a deathly look . but then get up and change he expression to calm she . ernesto S. ( plead ) lena , please . 111 one more time , ernesto beg forgiveness , but lena do not want to see he or hear he . she turn and begin to descend the stair . the first step . ernesto approach she slowly , from behind . he be still plead , as in a litany : " lena , please " . " lena ... " 86 . continued . on the stairway . but lena keep she back to he supplication , descend one more step , she second one . suddenly , without any change in he expression , ernesto push she with a quick and unexpected movement of he arm . lena lose she balance and fall , roll , bounce violently against the edge of the step until she whole body hit the floor at the foot of the stair . during the time the fall take , ernesto do not move , he watch she fall , bump by bump . he wait until she 's on the floor and she cast he a fulminate glance , before he react . 87 . continued . lena land on the floor , break and stunne by the blow . she lift she head and attempt to move , but can not . ernesto descend quickly and come to she side . he beg , calmly , without violence , for she not to move . lena can not stand , she batter body only allow she to drag herself toward the door , like a reptile . ernesto take she , delicately , in he arm . lena gaze at he in horror . 112 88 . puerta do hierro mansion . lawn . ext . night . 1994 he exit into the night , onto a green lawn , with the woman in he arm , they look like two newlywed . the dog , disconcert , follow they in procession , they intuit that something be not right . once inside the car ( none of the hire help be there that night ) , he open the gate from the inside and exit onto the highway . 89 . highway . ext . night . 1994 . lena be lie on the back seat , pale and in pain , but she 's not complain . ernesto be drive faster than 180 km thry . he alert a pair of patrolmen . when he realize he 's be follow , he increase he speed . the patrolmen signal with they light for he to stop on the curb , but ernesto martel ignore they signal until the police car catch up to he and force he to stop . 90 . a different segment of the highway . ext . night . 1994 the two patrolmen get out of they vehicle and head , enraged , toward ernesto . they gesture for he to lower he window . ernesto lower the window , relaxed , despite the situation . the two patrolmen , especially the one who call the shot , recriminate he , they voice raise , for all the infraction he have just commit . they be very agitate and they quickly notice the high level of alcohol emitted by the driver 's breath . knocked out on the back seat , lena observe the whole scene . her face be contort with pain and anxiety . 113 ( a river of car continue to pass nearby . ) use a nasty tone , one of the policeman ask ernesto for he document . the follow conversation take place while the policeman verify the vehicle 's document . ernesto explain to they with a common sense that 's disarming : ernesto senior we have to get to the hospital . my wife be badly hurt ... lena moan in affirmation . the policeman take a look inside the car , in order to ascertain that she be indeed not fake it ... policeman what 's happen ? ernesto I be in the live room and , since we be not plan to go out , I start drink early . I be pretty drunk , as you may notice . suddenly , I hear a thump , I run to the stair and there she be . she trip and fall down the stair ... policeman be this true , madam ? lena yes ... can not you leave the paperwork for later ? policeman you husband can not drive in this condition ! ernesto senior what do you mean ? ernesto attempt to start the car , but the other policeman stop he . 114 policeman you be crazy ! lena moan inside the car . she may even start cry . lena please ! she say this to the two man . policeman get out of there ! I will drive ! ernesto S. absolutely not ! policeman you either let I drive or we all stay here until the ambulance arrive ! lena ( to ernesto ) stop it , ernesto ! let he drive ! policeman ( to ernesto , paternalistic and contemptuous ) get down and sit in the back , with you wife ! ernesto S. ( threaten ) if anything happen ( refer to lena ) , you better be ready ... you have no idea who I be ! take he time , ernesto vacate the driver 's seat and sit in the back , next to lena . policeman 115 I will pretend that I do not hear you . I will also pretend I notice neither how drunk you be nor you affront to authority , Mr. martel . sulk and with a alcohol - drive affection ( and casual ) he ask lena : ernesto S. be you all right ? lena ( scream ) no ! ( to the policeman ) and could we get ( the fuck ) go ?! the policeman get the car move and he partner follow they in the patrol car . 91 . hospital entrance . ext . night . 1994 ernesto 's car , drive by the patroleman , arrive to the entrance of a hospital . cut to . immediately , at the emergency room , some male nurse arrive with a stretcher . 92 . hospital . int . night . 1994 x- Ray of arm , leg and head , along with all other routine test , in short shot . a break leg . various contusion . a cast must be apply . 116 the image of the X - Ray take up the whole screen . we may hear the nurse give instruction . " do not move " , " do not breathe " , etc . 93 . hospital . int . night . 1994 the last thing we see be the x-ray of the head , which dissolves over lena 's head and face as she ask a nurse for the telephone , tell she that she need to make a urgent phone call . ernesto censure she with he look . once the last x-ray have be take , the nurse bring she a supplementary handset and plug it in . she hand the handset to lena . ernesto you really can not wait ? lena ( defiant ) no . ernesto look at she not know what to expect . Nonetheless , he remain seat next to she . lena do not react , she do not care if he overhear the conversation , she almost want he to . the brutal beat to which she have be victim be a inescapable reality that give she a edge over ernesto , a edge of which she intend to take advantage . she be wounded , but she be no longer afraid of he . she ring mateo 's number . they greet each other . lena hello , mateo ? off mateo 117 what 's go on ? be you not come ? lena not tonight . off mateo have something happen ? lena something unexpected have happen , but do not worry , everything 's ok . off mateo tomorrow the shoot begin in the afternoon , will I see you before then ? lena I will not be able to . I will see you directly at the studio . I have something to do . off mateo ( worried ) you be act strange , magdalena . be you sure nothing 's wrong ? lena yes . I will see you tomorrow . 94 . the next day . puerta do hierro mansion . on the lawn . day . 1994 ernesto senior 's car arrive at the puerta de hierro mansion . various member , three or four , of the mansion 's personnel approach to help the couple . lena exit the car with she leg cover in a cast up to she knee . she lean on crutch or a cane . cut to . 118 95 . mansion . ground floor . int . day . 1994 . the group gather in the live room of the ground floor . ernesto ask the help to bring they something and then to leave they alone . cut to . 96 . mansion . ground floor . int . day . 1994 a table set ad hoc . lena be sit in front of she breakfast ( or lunch ) , sullen , pale , implacable , she do not move a single muscle of she massacre face . ernesto senior be all sweetness toward he victim . lena begin to pick at she food , listless , in silence , in order to keep she mouth and eye occupy . ernesto senior ( beg , sincerely ) what would you like I to do ? what can I do so that you will forgive I ? lena ( seriously ) take I to the studio . ernesto senior you should not move . lena if you do not take I , I will go there myself , even if I have to drag myself . her face be still cover in bruise , on she cheekbone and around she eye . 119 at some point someone from the hire help appear : " Sir , madam , do you need anything else ? " . " no , you can leave we alone , I have already tell you this , for God 's sake ! " ernesto senior respond . the servant quickly vanish . lower he tone : ernesto senior and what will you say ? how will you explain the cast on you leg and the bruise ? lena appear implacable throughout the conversation . lena it 's up to you . ernesto senior to I ? I will do whatever you ask , as long as you promise you will stay with I . lena I will stay , under the condition that you let mateo finish the shoot , accord to what he decide . ernesto senior he will barrage you with question , that guy 's not stupid . lena I will tell he I trip . ernesto senior and how will you shoot , if you can not walk ? lena I do not know . whatever mateo decide , but I want to rest assure that you will respect he decision , no matter the cost nor the time that it will take . be that clear ? 120 ernesto senior hate to negotiate under predetermine limitation . he weigh out he option and realize that lena have the upper hand . 97 . warehouse , shabby studio . ext . int . day . 1994 they enter the warehouse , temporarily turn into a studio . ( the darkness be almost absolute . a huge door open . the silhouettes of ernesto senior and lena , on a wheelchair , enter . ) the dark , vast space be pierce by the blind light of a doorway , which both frame and silhouettes the figure of ernesto and lena , like cut -out ; create a powerful image . Epic and terrible . they bump into some of the member of the team , who begin they work day , slothfully . when mateo discover the pair , he approach they immediately . cut to . 98 . mateo' office , in the warehouse turned studio . int . day . 1994 mateo be seat at a casual table . the entire decoration of the office be casual and chaotic , not luxurious , austere , nothing like lena 's dress room . a enormous drip eat away at one of the corner of the room . lena be sit across from he , on a wheelchair , and seat on a ugly armchair , ernesto senior . judit be also present , she 's stand . they have just finish talk . lena have tell the version that she and ernesto senior agree on . 121 lena ... and that 's it . mateo look at they in disbelief . judit , still as a statue , wait for the other ' reaction . lena breathes , expectantly . and ernesto senior look uncomfortable and insecure , he be use to be the one who call the shot ; the inverse role , that of listener , disorient he and put he in a bad mood . lena ernesto be prepare to support whatever you decide . mateo ( contain he rage ) decide , what ?! I can not move from one shot where you be walk normally to another one where you be wear a cast ! how long must you wear the cast ? lena Three week . mateo let out a huff ... judit ( to ernesto senior ) can we stop for that three week ? with pay for the team , of course . ernesto S. if there be no other option ! mateo ( a bit agitate ) I hate stop ! movie , when you pick they back up , be no longer the same ! look at judit and ernesto senior . 122 mateo ( dryly ) do you mind if I speak to lena alone for a moment ? it 's not a question but a demand . judit shoot he a look of recrimination , as if say " this be not the moment for that " , but she cannot do anything to stop he . ernesto senior be also not pleased ( but he know he can not say no , and this irritate he even more ) . he glance first at lena , who order he with she own glance to accept , and then look at judit , who warmly invite he to exit with she . for some reason , ernesto senior empathize with that woman . 99 . warehouse , shabby studio . next to mateo' dressing room . int . day . 1994 judit and ernesto senior exit the office and hang around not far from to the door . they smoke , perhaps . they be both restless . they look at each other as if seek some kind of understanding , despite they difference . and they find it . they be join by they jealousy . at the other end of the warehouse , like a mirage amongst the shadow , pina 's loft appear , majestic , ramshackle and mysterious . ernesto contemplate it without understanding it , but be affect by its presence . he be unable to understand the essence of this make - belief game , but it 's the first time he begin to grasp its hermetic fascination . 100 . mateo' office . warehouse , shabby studio . int . day . 1994 123 mateo lift she skirt in a attempt to see how far up the cast go . on the white skin of she thigh , like in a uneven print , various asymmetrical bruise stand out . mateo touch with he lip on every one of they , kissing they delicately . lena shudder . lena be careful , he may walk in . mateo let he walk in ! and he continue kissing she thigh until he come close to she pubis . lena lift and / or caress he head . mateo lift it to look at she . mateo tell I the truth ! people do not fall down the stair , that only happen in movie . lena avoid give a direct answer , but in she own way , she let he know , somberly and urgently . lena mateo , we must finish the shoot as soon as possible ! until then , I can not leave ernesto . mateo why not ? he 's a psychopath ! what more proof do you need ? lena I can not leave , I have make a deal with he . mateo a deal ? what deal ? lena 124 I have promise to stay in he house in exchange for he let you finish the film , under you condition . mateo but I can not ask you for such a sacrifice . lena you have not ask I ... mateo I can not accept it either . lena ( plead ) mateo , please ! mateo there must be another answer . lena what else ? the only solution be that I continue to live with he until you finish the film . mateo can you take it ? lena you do not have to think about that ... what 's important be that you finish shoot . mateo exactly what have you agree to ? lena I have tell you , to live under the same roof , with he in he room and I in mine . he do not have the right to anything more . mateo and you think he will be content with that ? lena 125 ( angst-ridd ) I do not know ... but the sooner you finish shoot , the better ! come up with a reason not to pause ! mateo go over the story in he head , desperately attempt to think of something . lena observe he , expectantly . finally , something seem to hit he . mateo ( unenthusiastic ) we would have to repeat part of the stairway scene ... 101 . shoot at the stairway . stairway landing , ivan' house . int . day . 1994 ( take up the whole screen , we see the scene through the moviola , with the texture of a bad copy , streak , grain , etc . the solution mateo have propose be to repeat the last part of the sequence . on the surface of the moviola screen , the reflection of mateo 's face be barely visible over the first set of image screen . ) a wooden landing and stairway in a building of the old Madrid . at its center , a elevator , also antique . pina have just leave a note for Ivan on the door to he study ask he to please call on she , that she need to speak to he urgently , that something unexpected have come up ... ( she be dress as she be when she come out of the entrance hall in the previous scene with chus . this sequence be suppose to be the one that follow it . ) 126 she have just leave the note when julieta appear , she be dress conventionally , but with some extravagant detail , something that garner attention . she bump into pina by the elevator , pina do not know she . julieta knock on the studio 's door ( just as pina have do earlier ) , she do not get a answer . she notice the note that pina have just affix on the door . she take it down and read it , much to pina 's bafflement , who have be watch she from the other side of the landing . after read it , julieta crumple it up . pina can not believe it . she remain motionless on the other side of the landing , because she do not trust the eccentric look woman . pina ( indignant ) leave that note there ! it 's not for you . how dare you take it and crumple it ? julieta throw the crumpled note through the gap in the stairway and look condescendingly at pina while she approach she , prepare to walk down the stair . julieta what do you have to speak to Ivan about , you whore ! pina it 's none of you business . julieta I be he wife . pina his wife have be admit at a psychiatric hospital for twenty year now . julieta not anymore . 127 up to this point we watch the sequence through the image - texture of the moviola and the reflection of mateo' face . ( this image be what will be retain from what have be shot previously . ) 102 . shoot at the stairway . continued . pina make a gesture as if to say : " so you be the ex-wife , the crazy one . " pina and julieta begin to descend the stair . julieta ( repeat ) I be no longer commit . I be now here with you . walk down the stair . pina look at she apprehensively ... she step down only one stair . julieta you be in a hurry to see he , be not you ? pina yes ... julieta well , what be you wait for ! she push she and pina fall , roll all the way to the bottom . cut to . 103 . warehouse , shabby plateau . various space . 1994 128 image that indicate the pass of time during the shoot . short sequence of the minute work do by each of the team , as if assemble ballet piece , all of it accompany by a musical score : the d.p. set up the lighting for the shoot , the bulb be light , the filter apply , the interior of the camera clean , the film be load . the atmosphere be set . pina in she bedroom , lie on the bed , with one leg in a cast , be relax , breathe deeply . the actress play chon joke around with the costume team , they laugh . but no one pay attention to the other . edurne , in a close - up , retouch one of pina 's eye . the mouth as well . chon stop laugh so that the hair-stylist may shape she hair . all the image be very brief ... the score predominate , the ambient sound of the activity of the different team be hear more like a whisper . the scene must not last longer than a minute . this set of image serve to abridge time and to indicate that the shoot be in its final day , after a long journey . there will probably not be many image , but less : the bulb that light , lena 's eye as edurne retouch it , its blink , its sadness . chon 's mouth as she speak without pause , stop only when lipstick be add . the film load , the hair fluff . lena lie on the rug in she dress room , totally motionless , she eye make - up and close , do breathe exercise for relaxation , she leg in a cast , etc . motor. action ! 104 . warehouse studio . pina' loft . 1994 scene from " girl and suitcase " 129 the doorbell ring in the loft . pina limp over to the door . she look through the metal peephole , its design create a optical illusion . on the other side of the peephole , chon 's exalt eye appear . chon be a better midler type , in she 40s , that kind of extrovert woman who at first glance appear chubby but be not quite so . she be wear designer clothes , despite the fact that she demeanor be direct and crass . both of they , pina and chon , be tired and hysterical , which each one of they interpret in she own way . pina open the door and chon enter . even though they be good friend , the last thing pina be in the mood for be to see chon , much less a over - excited chon with " problem " . pina ( whisper ) what a drag ! ( she open the door , in a languid , bored tone ) oh , it 's you ? chon ( reproach , depressed ) I have leave you a thousand message ! pina yes ... chon notice Ivan 's suitcase in the middle of the foyer and look at it as if she would never see a suitcase . chon and this suitcase ?! judge from the tone , one would guess she could care less . but the script ask for she to inquire about the suitcase and she inquiry . pina ( sound bored , asleep ) it 's Ivan 's . he 's leave I . 130 chon , disconcert , notice that pina drag herself around with a cast on she leg . ( she have pick up pina 's inexpressive tone ) chon and that break leg ? pina his ex - wife , the crazy one . she push I down the stair . . . chon I see , we be in great shape ... mateo ( interrupt the take ) cut ! final clap board . it 's take number twelve . 105 . shoot and surroundings . int . ext . day . 1994 the camera team direct " load camera " ( new film stock be load , the one already inside have run out ) . mateo have a look of worry , the scene be not funny at all , the actress be bored and tense . they behave like automaton . lena look at mateo , she have never see he so disconsolate . a general impasse and discouragement . the team betray boredom , preoccupation , and exhaustion . 131 the actress play chon grumble , annoyed . juanba , the hair-stylist , approach she to fix she hair . in the background , one see mateo speak to lena . ernesto junior wander around the set . we suppose that he have already shot the other take , we notice a change in he attitude . he watch lena and mateo converse , then watch they as they move away from the set ; he have no intention of follow they . one might say that he be now on they side , against he own father . warehouse , shabby studio . away from the loft . at the 106 . make - up &amp ; hair dressing room , or some other place . 1994 in some place of the warehouse where no one can see they and they can speak calmly . mateo and lena . during this time , lena have be keep she end of the deal and continue to live with ernesto martel but , as much as she attempt to diffuse it , its effect have be devastating . she be very depressed . she can hardly hold herself up . lena 's state of mind and how it affect the shoot , make mateo feel impotent and guilty . lena ( distress , maybe she will cry ) I be sorry ... mateo do not worry , it will turn out . ( acknowledge ) but I do not know what more direction to give you . lena ( exhausted , hard on herself ) you have tell I everything , in every way possible ... 132 mateo ( somber and guilty ) ernesto be get just what he hope . that we make a piece of crap of a movie ! I tell you not to agree to that deal ... lena breathes , grasp for a solution and for breath . she attempt to regain she strength . lena we can not let he have he way ! ( she dry she tear , feel newly replenish ) every day I arrive wear out and every day I recover , right ? mateo ( acknowledge ) yes ... lena I ask you only for a bit more patience ... and a kiss ! mateo kiss she as one kiss one shipwreck , although the one shipwreck be really he . in any case , the kiss bring life back to both of they . 107 . loft pina . repeat the take . 1994 motor. action . the clap board indicate that they will shoot take number thirteen . a travel shot follow lena as she limp toward the door . she look through the peephole , behind it , chon . they be suppose to be good friend , but she 's the last person lena want to see . pina 133 ( whisper ) what a drag ! ( contemptuous , she greet she ) oh , it 's you ? chon listen , if that 's how you will greet I , I will leave . pina no , c'mon ! come inside ! pina treat she with a friendly disdain , which play comically . she have once again recover she strength and she lightness . her low spirit have disappear and she come off thoughtless and impudent . her reenactment have a effect on chon , who also perform much better than in the previous take . this first few phrase be enough to determine that the two actress have improve . lena be now a different actress , light and delicious . mateo smile , brim with admiration . 108 . editing room . int . day . 1994 mateo and he editor ( and the assistant editor ) watch the end of the sequence on the moviola . mateo she 's so much better ! grab this one ! luis yes . mateo smile , satisfied . on the same table where the moviola sit , Luis , the editor , have a notebook in which each page correspond to a 134 sequence , numbered respectively . the sequence be divide by shot and the shot by the number of take . Luis draw a circle around take number thirteen . mateo let 's look at fourteen , it 's even better ! Luis , a editing assistant and mateo , sit in front of the moviola , examine the footage . there be a palpable complicity between Luis and mateo . Luis have edit all of mateo 's film , they have be colleague for a long time . as with judit , despite they difference , one can tell that Luis belong to mateo 's artistic family . cut to . 109 . editing room . int . evening . 1994 time pass . the character be dress differently . as they load the film and sound onto the moviola , we hear Harry 's voice - off . only audio : year 2008 . voice - off of harry speak to diego . we hear it over the run moviola . off harry when we finish shoot , I quickly select all the take for the film so that I could rescue lena as soon as possible from the martel house . the situation have 135 worsen , we could hardly see each other , he have practically kidnap she ... they be difficult day for everyone , but lena insisted that I leave all the take select ... then , we could leave . he have not finish say this when we hear the phone ring . the assistant , phone in hand : ( to mateo ) " it 's for you " . he take it , surprised , he be still stare at the moviola screen . it 's lena . off it 's magdalena . mateo be there something wrong ? off no. I be downstairs . I have forget my money . I have to pay the cab . . . mateo I will be right down . he exit the editing room . 110 . cinearte [ editing and post - production studio ] . stairway . int . night . 1994 mateo descend the stair of cinearte at a good clip , he be not expect lena 's visit . he can sense something 's happen . when he arrive at the foyer , he can not find she . the phone operator ( ugly , but polite ) at the reception desk tell he lena be in the bathroom . 136 111 . cinearte . costumer' bathroom . int . night . 1994 he enter the bathroom and find lena , barefoot , wear only she bra and panty , clean wound she 's suffer on she face and leg . the surface of the sink be taint with blood . mateo look at she , horrify . ( she be no longer wear a cast ) . a man 's jacket lie on top of the counter , this be the only piece of clothing that appear in this scene . mateo ( horrify ) but . . . what have happen ?! lena we have have a brutal fight ... at the end , he rip my clothes off and my shoe and he throw I out naked onto the highway . the jacket belong to the cab driver . you must give he a good tip , if it be not for he I do not know how I would have make it here ... mateo can not believe he eye . he hurl insult at ernesto senior . lena 's apparent composure be purely hysterical . 112 . cinearte . ext . night . 1994 mateo and lena exit cinearte . they enter a cab that be wait for they . mateo ( to the cab driver ) take we to the nearest police station ... 137 lena no , please ... mateo we must denounce he , magdalena ! lena he will turn against you ! the cab begin move . mateo give the cab driver he address . lena no , not you house . mateo we have to look after you . let 's go to a hotel ... lena ( plead ) let 's leave Madrid . mateo look through he pocket , fortunately , he have all he credit card on he . 113 . lanzarote . famara beach . bungalow zone . ext . day . 1994 mateo and lena be live in a bungalow zone on famara Beach , a complex nestle between the beach and the foot of a mountain . it be a special and intimate place , like a enormous grotto , where the sky be its ceiling and the mountain one of its wall . lena and mateo exit a bungalow and get into a rent car , a red opel corsa , not in very good shape . 138 114 . EL golfo beach . ext . at day' end . 1994 on the peak of a reddish rock , on golfo Beach , mateo take photograph of the natural wonder surround he . next to he , lena contemplate the view . what mateo see with he camera : a ) wine color rock b) the yellow - green lake circumscribe by a rope that have become white , against the black sand . c) the black sand of the enormous beach , lick by the shimmer foam of the wave . d) the rocky wall envelop the beach , erode through century by the wind on the surface of which it have create peak and valley resembling the jutte edge of a watch cog . one of the image capture part of a wine - color rock . below it , the infinite surface of the black beach , lick by the white foam of the wave . in the backdrop , a immense limestone wall , its surface full of pit hole where the wind circulate . the sequence end with a close - up of the click of mateo 's camera 's shutter , open and close like a owl 's eye . 115 . souvenir and photography store . lanzarote . int . day . 1994 mateo- Harry and lena pick up they photo at the store 's counter . the owner of the shop hand they to he , he be a attractive and bohemian middle - age man . mateo open the envelope impatiently , he want to make sure that he photograph be , in effect , the one inside it . 139 he look at the last one closely , the landscape with the rock , the beach , the foam , etc . somewhere on the vast black - sand beach one can make out a couple , they size be tiny compare to the immensity of the beach . the two be meld into a tight embrace . the beach be desert . mateo have not be aware of they when he take the photograph and be overtaken by he discovery . he show it to lena . half -jok . mateo look . it 's we . ( I think it be empty ) mateo ask the bohemian attendant for a larger print . 116 . mateo and lena , inside the car , on the highway . ext . day . 1994 they go through various traffic circle . mateo comment that it be " the island of the useless traffic circle " . " that 's part of its charm " , comment lena . 117 . traffic circle with cesar manrique sculpture . ext . day . 1994 they stop on one of the stop sign at the traffic circle . in the center there be a huge mobile sculpture by Cesar manrique , rock by the wind . mateo and lena exit the car to take picture of themselves . they face close together , they eye happy . the sculpture turn around itself produce a strange screeching sound . 140 118 . bungalow . famara beach . int . dusk or night . 1994 many day have pass . mateo 's hair be longer and he appear more tan , the proximity to nature and the absence of a social life have also affect magdalena 's appearance , now much more savage , but also more serene and more humble . she be dress in cheap clothing , which she have buy on the island ( and which fit she marvelously ) and she hair be pull up into a messy bun . the photograph , enlarge , preside on top of a small table where mateo write . the picture be lean against the wall . it 's the only image inside the bungalow . the photograph be a clear metaphor for the mysterious quality of the island as well as of the isolation of mateo and lena and of they fusion . while mateo write , lena clean the dish or she do the laundry in the bathtub . the two wear t-shirt , comfortable and sporty clothes . ( on the tape - deck one hear La lupe sing : ... " porque hay un hombre para cada mujer y una mujer para cada hombre , y nosotros somo , nosotros somo ... la pareja " [ because there be only one man for each woman and only one woman for each man , and we be , and we be ... the couple ] ) . mateo and magdalena , the couple . in the bungalow there be not much furniture ; there 's a large couch on which they can lie comfortably , a short table , along with the wooden table on which mateo write . some armchair and lamp . and a tape - deck . cut to . 141 119 . bungalow . int . dusk or night . 1994 engulf by the couch , mateo and lena be absorb watch , on a small television , a broadcast of " voyage in Italy " ( Roberto rossellini 's ) . the scene they be watch be set in a place where a group of man be work on some excavation . the marry couple ( in the midst of they breakup ) , play by George Sanders and ingrid bergman , be on a tourist trip in that area of Italy and they have go to visit the excavation . one of the technician describe the delicate work that be involved in excavate part of a city that have be bury , century ago , by the lethal eruption of the vesuvius . at that moment , the man who be work on the excavation begin , bit by bit , to uncover a couple , a man and a woman , sleep in a embrace , whom the eruption have take unaware , leave they preserve in this position for century . ingrid bergman can not stand the sight of this couple calcine in a eternal embrace . she compare it to she own marriage , destroy by they lack of communication and by the absence of generosity between they . she walk away from the place , unable to contain she tear . the scene affect magdalena and mateo as much as it have ingrid bergman . mateo and lena instinctively embrace each other , seek refuge in each other , they posture echoe that of the calcine couple . suddenly , mateo break they embrace . he position the camera on top of the table where he write , not far from where the image of the other " embrace " sit . he point it toward the couch and he press the automatic button . and they take a picture together , lock in a embrace . 142 120 . public park . madrid . ext . day . 2008 Harry and Diego , now completely cure , be sit on a bench . harry do you want to go back home and return to the " donate blood " story ? diego I be hope to get back to it , but first tell I what happen in lanzarote . you can not leave I hang ! Harry take a deep breath . at this stage of the narrative , it be only understandable that Diego would want to know everything . but it pain he to think of what be still leave to tell . harry without realize , a month have elapse ... I know that sooner or later we would have to return , but we keep postpone it . I be only worried about you and you mother . I have not even say goodbye and you be still suffer from you allergy problem when we leave ... I can imagine judit be furious with I . diego you can not imagine how much . harry I be plan to return soon to finish the editing ... and to explain thing to you mother . but magdalena decide she would wait for I on the island . she could not stand the think of see ernesto again . 143 121 . office for the famara bungalows . int . day . 1994 mateo and lena be walk toward the office for the bungalow complex . ( part of the previous dialogue be hear as the couple be approach the office ) 121 . A. interior of the reception hall , famara bungalows . int . day . 1994 behind the counter there be two foreign employee , a man and a woman . lena address they in English , while mateo keep himself busy at the other end of the reception hall , next to a table with magazine and newspaper . he grab a newspaper . in English : lena sorry to interrupt ... I want to ask if there be any employment opportunity available here , with you ... you always look so busy ... I have a lot of free time ... employee we could use the help , especially now that the high season be about to start ... do you have experience ? lena I have work as a secretary at M. Capital , a very important finance company . employee ( look at she ) you could first work during the afternoon and , then , we could see ... 144 with he back to the counter , at the other end of the reception desk , mateo read a newspaper , freeze . suddenly , the employee open a National newspaper and look for a particular page . he show it to lena . on the entertainment page , a ad for mateo 's movie ( open soon ) . the ad be a close - up of she , in she role as pina , in the movie . lena be stunne . she can not believe it . employee we be just say that the girl in the ad look like you . lena look toward where mateo be stand and she notice that he be as perplex as she be , stare at the ad for a soon - to - be-release film in the newspaper . lena ( to the employee ) no . it 's not I . they exit the office . 122 . bungalow complex . ext . day . 1994 mateo and lena walk toward they bungalow as if someone be chase they . they have just run into the very thing they have be attempt to escape in Madrid . mateo I be wonder how long it would take he to emerge ! 145 lena ( disorient ) but they can not release the film so soon , right ? mateo no . it 's a scheme to annoy we , and a trap to get you to return . the ad be only lack the word " miss . " lena what be we go to do ? mateo nothing . fuck they ! 123 . two week later . on famara beach . ext . day . 1994 a title taking up the whole screen : two week later a few surfer be prepare to go into the ocean . a father and he young son toss they kite into the wind . loung on lounge chair , on a cobble - stone area before one reach the sand , lena and mateo - Harry be read the news of the open of the film in a National newspaper . they only have one copy and mateo 's eye be transfix on the news . the note accompany the event say , in bold type : " the financier , ernesto martel , have manage to gather all of Madrid for he first film as a producer , miss be only its director and star . " two picture accompany the news of the event . printed next to they , there be a review entitle , " disaster . " mateo throw the newspaper away from he , enraged . he refuse to read the review . 146 the wind dishevels the newspaper page . lena rise and chase the page that fly , like kite , slightly above the ground . in mid-flight , she catch the entertainment page and read it as she approach mateo , who watch the ocean , feel impotent , furious , unable to quite grasp what be happen . lena sit down next to he , still read . mateo ( disconsolate ) what do it say ? lena that the only intelligent thing we have do have be not to attend the premier , that my act be pathetic , that you seem like a first - time director and that you lack talent . at the end , it wonder who might have make you first film . never before have such a resounding downfall be witness ... how horrible ! mateo rise and head quickly for the bungalow , which function as the office for the complex . lena follow he , alarmed . lena what be you go to do ? 124 . office for bungalow complex . famara beach . int . day . 1994 cut to , directly to the shot of the telephone . mateo have just dial judit 's number . he get the answer machine , hearing judit 's voice encourage he to leave a message . " hi . you have reach judit 147 Garcia 's voicemail . leave you message after the tone and I will return you call as soon as possible . " mateo leave he message . mateo ( dryly ) judit . it 's I . I hope you and the boy be ok . I apologize that I leave without notice , but terrible thing have happen , I will explain . speak of which , I need to talk to you , urgently . please call I ! here 's the number ... ( ask one of the employee ) oh , and , ask for Harry caine , I have register under that name ... ( say almost as a order ) I will be wait for you call ! he also ring Luis , the editor . he also do not answer . he leave Luis a short and more violent message . mateo Luis , I just read in the newspaper that the film have open and I be beside myself !! I do not know what the fuck be go on there , but I would like to know ! ok , I will ring back ! he look at lena , breathless , he face contort from sheer helplessness . 125 . return to 2008 . harry home . den . day . Harry be stand , pace back and forth . Diego stand next to the bookcase . the drawer with the photograph be open . 148 he look at the photograph of the traffic circle and at the one of " the embrace " on the black sand of golfo Beach . he have take they out of the large brown envelope . at the bottom of the drawer one can begin to see Luis ' ( the editor ) notebook . Diego be hold a dymo label machine , ( this dymo have appear in previous scene ) with all of its keyboard button , corresponding to the regular alphabet , in braille . he be write , in braille , " famara ­ lanzarote 94 " so that he can stick the raise title onto the old envelope . diego and mom , do she call you back ? harry no . diego ( can not understand , he 's almost indignant ) why ? harry she be piss , I suppose . diego I remember that time , it be while I be undergo treatment for pulmonary aspergillosis . it be a horrible time for I ... not just because of the illness , my mother be like a crazy woman ... I have just see " the exorcist " and , for some time , I believe she be possess ... harry ( smile pathetically ) I be the demon , Diego . and I be sorry . I suppose I behave selfishly , but I be not sure I have a choice ... Diego think about this . diego 149 ( emotionally exhaust ) no matter how upset she be , she should have alert you to what be happen . harry the fact be she never do , and we have never speak of it . neither one of we have broach the topic . diego ( surprise ) and you be not curious ?... harry ( emphatically ) me? curiosity be kill I ! for two day I call both you mother and Luis non-stop , the editor ( say it agitate ) , but neither of they answer ! so I decide to return to Madrid the next day so that I could witness what be happen for myself ! 126 . restaurant . EL mirador [ the lookout ] . ext . dusk . 1994 ( night fall while they dine . ) mateo and magdalena dine at " El mirador , " a local restaurant with spectacular view . they table be beside a long slide - door window that overlook the valley . a group of rock seem to grow next to the window as if they be plant make of stone . the view of the valley be breathtaking . there be few patron inside the restaurant . perhaps a foreign couple , sit far from lena and mateo . a waiter bring they first course . they be drink wine . lena appear melancholic and fearful . mateo how do you meet ernesto senior ? lena 150 ( it 's not a topic she like , but she do not hesitate to answer . ) I be one of he secretary . mateo and ... how do you end up with he ? you fall in love ? lena he be very generous with I and my family . my father be die , I need to take he to a private Hospital and ernesto take care of everything ... he pay for everything ... and he make sure that my parent could return to they home town and that they lack nothing ... mateo imagine the situation , it upset he . he be perturb by the very idea of lena 's past with ernesto , but he do not want to upset she on the night before he departure . they have go out to dinner with just the opposite intent . mateo ( lovingly ) pardon I , I have no right to ask you about that time in you life . lena it 's only natural that you would want to know . and I do not want any skeleton between we . ( unguard ) I would like to be able to forget all that , but you have the right to ask . mateo ( assure she ) no . I do not have any right . for I , you be bear the day you come for the audition . you look at I , I see you face and ... I be leave hypnotize . lena smile . she be both comfort and relive by remember that moment . 151 lena I remember you face perfectly . I think I fall in love with the way you look at I . I think : this man will be my salvation . mateo be move by she use of that term to speak of they first meeting . cut to . 126 . A. circular parking at " EL mirador . " ext . night . 1994 they exit in a embrace and head toward they car , park nearby . they kiss before they get in the car . we notice another car which we will have the occasion to recall in the future , the camera give it just a pass glance . lena ( childish ) it 's the first time we part ... mateo ( pamper ) either way , I will return next weekend . but if you be go to be worried , you should come with I . lena no ... I will be better off here . and she smile , as if the worry have already pass , so as not to disquiet mateo . 152 127 . in movement . the island , nighttime . inside and outside of the car . lanzarote . 1994 . View of the sea of lava or of La geria in a aerial shot with the car move across the landscape . the full moon allow we to glimpse through the darkness of the landscape . mateo 's car once again head for the bungalow complex . show the highway illuminate by the headlight and the landscape as it appear to its leave and right . from inside the car , one can see the mobile sculpture of Cesar manrique at a distance . mateo ( very insecure ) and do I manage to save you from anything ? lena ( enigmatic and unwaver ) yes ! lena do not elaborate on the danger that mateo have save she from , he do not understand they exactly , but he like to hear she say so . they approach the traffic circle . a set of light first betray the presence of a car that appear from the leave . mateo yield to it , and briefly kiss magdalena on the lip . mateo continue on he way , a short instant later , as he enter the traffic circle , a suv move at full speed crash into they . 153 everything happen very fast . from inside the car , without any particular attention to lena or mateo , the screen fill up with light , noise and darkness . all the different noise form a deafen magma . at the center of the traffic circle , Cesar manrique 's sculpture rotate , propel by the wind . in any case , we will also shoot the crash from the outside . and although it will not be obvious at first sight , the back side of mateo 's car be illuminate by the headlight of a car that we never quite see , but which have be a witness to the accident . 128 . traffic circle with mobile sculpture . lanzarote . ext . night . 1994 . the huge mobile sculpture by Cesar manrique continue to rotate with the wind immediately follow the collision . one can hear the screeching wheel of the suv escape from the accident scene . one also hear the sound of a second vehicle , which approach and stop , and something that sound like a door open and a moan . the camera only focus on the sculpture , sway in the wind . 129 . mateo -harry home . int . night . 2008 . Diego look at Harry in silence , he do not say a word . he be still hold the dymo . Harry also say nothing . off harry 154 magdalena 's death do not catch we meld in a embrace , but sit on separate seat . it catch I by surprise , in that of leave I alive . when Harry 's face once again appear , we begin to hear he voice - off . 130 . outside a hospital . lanzarote . ext . day . 1994 . the entrance to a Hospital in lanzarote . through one of the window , we can see mateo 's gaunt and nebulous figure rest on a bed , he head bandage . 131 . inside the hospital room . light coming through the window . int day . 1994 . just as in the beginning , judit be next to mateo 's bed . she be hold he hand and beg he : judit mateo , say something ! harry mateo be dead , judit . judit ( bag under she eye and tearful ) do not say that ! 132 . lanzarote hospital . psychiatric ward . int . day . 1994 . 155 a naturalist décor and stage-setting of a island Hospital of that era , locate in a very picturesque place . through the window we can see the local surroundings . the wall be a pastel color , green or blue , a aquatic color , and they have various spot where humidity have seepe through . other than the psychiatrist , there be another doctor present , explain the situation to judit . psychiatrist we call he by he name , but he do not respond to it . he insist mateo have die . judit image be the source of he work ... and to live in the dark , I suppose that 's death to he ... be there any chance he will see ? doctor none . his be what we refer to as a cortical blindness , and it 's irreversible . it 's the result of a lesion to the occipital lobe , the intelligent part of the brain , which have the role of processing all visual information . in other word , the neuron have die ... and that 's permanent ... 133 . hospital . exit . ext . day . 1994 . off harry I feel as though I have die with lena . the mateo - film - director who have leave Madrid would never return . day or week later . 156 judit exit the hospital , with blind - mateo ( he 's hide behind black sunglass ) , now without the bandage or very few , and with little Diego ( eight year old ) , hold hand . mateo walk tentatively and slowly . he will probably be aid by the typical blind man 's cane . they get into a car that be wait for they . judit instruct the driver to take they to famara Beach , to the bungalow complex . 134 . lanzarote . route to famara . highway . ext . day . 1994 . a cloudy and windy day . ( this be a good opportunity to show some of the more dramatic landscape of the island . the lava sea , black and twisted , and the rent car that cross it through the highway that divide it . or " La geria " and its vine stalk bury in half - sphere of black dirt to protect they from the wind . the green palm tree frond flop around against the backdrop of this black - dirt landscape . ) Inside the car , mateo ask judit : mateo do you visit lena 's mother at she hometown ? judit yes . mateo what do she say ? judit she be very thankful to ernesto for have take care of everything ... mateo 157 that 's it ? judit yes , they bury she next to she father . mateo do you visit the grave ? judit yes . mateo nod in defeat acknowledgement . 135 . famara beach . bungalow complex . ext . day . 1994 . a cloudy and windy day . the car stop in front of the bungalow that function as the " reception desk " for the complex . judit and little Diego exit . judit help mateo out . mateo remain glue to the ground . he can not move . judit stare at he . even though mateo have renounce be mateo , he have inherite he most painful memory . be near the reception bungalow , and thus near the bungalow where he live with magdalena , generate some kind of spasm in he that keep he from move . he feel a intense heat ( inside and outside of he ) , as if he be approach a bonfire the flame of which would slowly scorch he , be he to move . ( perhaps we will have to inlay the image with the flame of a imaginary conflagration ) . the face contort . judit what 's wrong ? mateo 158 ( weaken ) you go ... I can not ... I will wait for you on the beach . the idea excite little Diego . dieguito I also want to go to the beach ! he approach mateo and instinctively grab he hand . judit watch the couple . the situation unfold before she can stop it . mateo do whatever you need to do . we will wait for you there . judit be worried about the wind . she button Diego 's jacket and wrap he scarf around he . she do the same thing with mateo . judit bundle up ! and do not get too close to the water . ( to little Diego ) do not let go of he hand ! Little Diego grab mateo 's hand . despite the wind , the boy be excited about the idea of go to the beach . he have just become mateo 's guide and mateo let he guide he , like a somnambulist . 136 . bungalows office . int . day . 1994 . in the office of the complex , the two employee be in the middle of a brawl . ( consult with the original ) in front of the desk , judit address one of they , in English . 159 judit I be here to pay mateo Blanco 's bill . employee we do not have anyone here register by that name . judit gesture that she do not understand . judit it 's the man who have the accident . he be in bungalow number two . employee oh , you mean Harry caine . judit yes , of course . employee poor soul ! they be not the first to have a accident on that traffic circle ! awful ! 137 . famara . route to the beach . next to the bungalows . ext . day . 1994 . mateo and little Diego walk only a few meter past bungalow number two , where he live with magdalena . at that moment they be walk face the wind , a fierce wind that threaten to tear off they clothes . it be as if nature itself want to keep mateo from walk away from the bungalow where he love lena . from this point on , he life will become just that , a endless battle against the element and against the memory of lena . 160 Little Diego 's voice distract he . dieguito look ... there be kite ! at time little Diego forget that mateo can not see . so he point toward the sky of a nearby beach , whose surface be dot by various kite . mateo be grateful for the life - affirm sound of the boy 's voice and so he allow himself to be tow . the wind 's violent sweep over all the different element that compose the landscape create a symphony of strange sound . 138 . bungalow no.2. famara . int . and ext . day . 1994 . judit , use the key she be hand at the reception desk , open the door to bungalow number two . she enter into what have be mateo and lena 's love nest . she take the entire space in with one glance ; she be overtaken , as if she have enter a ancestral and sacred space . she imagine mateo and lena fill up the space with they presence . ( a strange modesty come over she , but she curiosity be great ) . lena 's spirit ( at least in judit 's mind ) hang in the air , but in the material surround she absence be absolute . that who take she body do not leave any trace of lena . not a single object , not a single dress . nothing . ernesto senior 's cohort ( or ernesto himself ) take all of she thing . mateo 's clothes and thing be find pile up in a closet . yet the table where he sit to write remain intact . on it , the photograph of 161 the embrace on golfo Beach still rest , along with he notebook , blank page and some envelope . judit observe the photograph on golfo Beach as if it be alive , still palpitate . and she imagine that the two lover , lock in a embrace , lose in the anonymous vastness of the black sand , be mateo and lena . she open the desk 's drawer and , much to she surprise , find it overflow with tear photograph of mateo and lena , shuffle in no particular order ( one might say they have be throw violently into the drawer . the violence of the hand that rip and throw they have leave its pulsate mark ) . judit pick up all the piece , slowly and delicately , and she place they inside a brown envelope that she find next to mateo 's notebook . her sense of guilt be so profound that it dry out she throat and the expression on she face . 139 . famara beach . ext . day . 1994 . at the base of the complex , on one end of the beach , the car that bring they be wait . judit place the bag with mateo 's belonging , which she have just carry from the bungalow , inside the trunk . she raise she head , emotionally exhaust . from where she stand she can see little Diego , ecstatic , in front of a group of surfer wear brilliant color traversing the wave and a group of kite ( around eight or ten ) darting through the sky like fly fish . mateo be motionless , in front of the sea , soaking up its strength . judit 's pain be at odd with the boy' joy and the overwhelming vitality that the place exude at that very moment . 162 she begin to walk toward mateo and little Diego . once she be a few meter away , she observe a surfer riding a wave . in the foreground of she line of sight stand mateo , out of focus . as he come into focus , judit yell out to he : judit Harry ! Harry caine ! it seem as though she be invoke the wind ( a hurricane ) which move the wave along with the expert surfer riding they . when he hear judit 's voice , mateo turn to face in she direction and respond : harry we be here , judit ! ( and raise he hand like a child ) judit approach they , petrify with emotion . the wind tear tear from she eye . judit we have to go , Harry . harry ( to the boy ) let 's go , dieguito . give I you hand . dieguito ( protest , politely ) can not we stay a little longer ? harry no . we must obey you mother ... you have have enough wind for one day ... dieguito but I be already all better ! 163 judit walk in front of the blind man and the boy , she eye glitter . mateo have respond to she call , and that have fill she with uncontrollable emotion . at this very moment she decide that she will dedicate she life exclusively to the care of this man . this be how it will be . 140 . harry home . int . day . 2008 . Diego be still sit on the floor , next to the brown envelope . he stick on the braille title , " famara . lanzarote 94 . " in front of he , spread on the floor like a puzzle , lie the piece of various embrace between mateo and lena ( like archeological find , like the minoan painting in Crete ) . the piece begin to join with one another , a order be establish and , soon , the better part of the picture be clear . there be four photograph where , regardless of the miss piece , one can make out the image . two be of embrace and the rest be of domestic scene . the scratch on the four photograph reveal the pass of time . neither of the two man speak . mateo remain seat at he desk . pensive . cut to . 141 . harry home . int . night . 2008 . they prepare to watch / hear a dvd . Diego go over Harry 's collection ( even though one would imagine he know it ) . on the spine , the title be write in braille . he have already ask he what he would 164 like to watch ( he read off some title ; in general , all the movie be make prior to ' 94 , all classic ) . harry play " Elevator to the Gallows " and take a look at the end ... while he look for it ... diego do you always watch the same movie ? harry yes . since I know they by heart , I can visualize the action . diego be there any new movie you would want to see ...? harry yes . but you would have to describe the action . you mother use to describe some to I , some time ago . diego I would not mind do so . harry I would like to " watch " one by tarantino or scorsese , and also some asian cinema ... diego done . they pick a movie ( choose by mateo ) . Diego hook up the television , then insert the dvd . 142 . continued 165 image of mateo Blanco 's last film , " Girls and suitcase , " appear on a random television station , it be the beginning of one of the sequence of which the spectator be already aware . for Harry it be all a shock , there be not doubt that it be he film . it be the sequence where magdalena , wear a cast , open the door for she friend chon . 143 . what we see on the television screen . a scene from " girl and suitcase . " pina' loft . int . 2008 . pina limp toward the door . through the peephole she see she friend chon , look back with a exaggerated look of reproach : pina what a drag ! ( she open , not very welcoming ) oh , it 's you ? return to 142 . in harry live room . 2008 . in front of the television , have hear only that two phrase , Harry jump up as if propel by spring . harry that 's " Girls and suitcase " ! Diego observe he and then look at the television . diego 166 yes . harry turn up the volume ! sitting on the floor , next to the television , Diego turn up the volume . Harry focus on the sound from the screen and Diego on everything else . 144 . on the television . 2008 . chon enter . ( they be suppose to be good friend ) . chon have a endear appearance , she be a little chubby , well dress , accord to she age ( forty ) and she profession , a counselor for Social affair . spontaneous and direct ( she be kind of a bette midler in she forty ) , but the actress be lack grace and she restlessness reveal more about she fear of run into the move camera , than about the very funny way that the character inhabit she own anxiety . lena be also quite languid , lack spark , tired and unenthusiastic . ( as a comedy , it 's without charm and , as a drama , it 's uninteresting , that 's what the critic say ) . chon ( reproachful ) I have leave you a thousand message . pina yes . a thousand from you , and none from Ivan . as if Ivan 's phone call depend on chon . 167 145 . livingroom , harry home . int . night . 2008 . Harry twitches around in he chair , anxious and impatient . he do not like what he hear . 146 . on the television . 2008 . chon ( see the suitcase sit in the middle of the loft . look at it as if it be some strange insect . ) and this suitcase ? pina it 's Ivan 's . he 's leave I . chon and the cast on you leg ? pina his ex - wife , the crazy one . she push I down the stair and I break my leg ... all say without any spark . the actress be recite the text mechanically and they appear tired of interprete it . chon wow ! well , we be in good shape ... I also break up with my husband ... 147 . livingroom , harry home . int . night . 2008 168 Diego and Harry be still stare at the television . Harry with he ear turn toward the screen , disappointed and tense . Diego be more indulgent of the scene . harry ( annoy ) they be terrible ! each of the man focus they respective sense on the television screen . harry how could I have think this take be the good one ! what be I think ! with the same fury with which he have throw down the newspaper with the bad review of he film onto the sand , he abruptly shut off the television monitor . he remain suspend for a few moment , as if try to find a explanation for what he have just hear . be he so catch up in magdalena 's problem that he be unable to distinguish when a take be good or bad ? cut to . 148 . harry home . int . day . 2008 . the next morning , Harry wake up early . he have spend a entire night think about the same thing . dress in a bathrobe , but not shower yet , he walk over to he desk . 169 all this scene take place in the dark . a faint light from the break dawn enter through the corner of the drape that cover the window . he open the drawer with the photograph . ( when Diego have open it before , we have be able to see that along with the photograph there be other object , for example , Luis ' notebook ( the editor ) . Diego have not mention any of this to Harry ) . Harry poke around in the drawer with he hand , find the notebook . he grab it . he open it on top of he desk . he touch the different page . the tip of he finger tip run over the number corresponding to the sequence , the shot , the select take , attempt to find a message . 149 . diego' room . int . day . 2008 . Harry walk over to Diego 's room with the notebook in hand . the boy be naked , drying himself with a towel after he shower . Harry ask permission to enter . harry May I come in ? diego ( drying himself ) yes , come in ! not give he time to get dress , Harry hand he the notebook . harry Luis , the editor , send it to I six year ago . at that time I do not even bother to open it , I do not want to know anything about he . I be now think 170 that perhaps he have something to tell I . would you mind see if beyond the take and all of that there be something else write ? Diego look through it carefully . the last page be empty . the rest only have the number pertain to the sequence , the shot , and the select take , like we have see in the sequence with the moviola . although , there be something write on the last page . " my new number : 91 6994079 . " diego at the end he say this be my new number , a number 's write down . Harry hand he he mobile phone . harry call he , please ! diego right now ? it 's too early . harry it do not matter . Diego dial the number and hand the phone to Harry . diego May I get dress ? I be naked ... harry oh , I be sorry . he turn around and leave . 171 150 . harry home . den . int . day . 2008 . he exit the bedroom and head for he dark de . harry ( on the phone ) could I speak to Luis , please ? woman' voice ( surprise ) Luis die six year ago ! harry oh , I be so sorry ... I have no idea ! voice it be cancer . I be he widow . who be you ? harry mateo Blanco . Luis edit all my film ... voice ( more serene ) mateo Blanco ! Luis speak to I about you . I be he second wife ... harry the one I know be nieve , the first one . voice we marry twelve year ago . harry ( sincere and sorrowful ) I be sorry to hear about Luis ' death . I would have like to speak to he ... voice he would have like so too ! once he be quite ill and do not want to speak to anyone , he would always tell I that , if it be you , I should hand he the phone ... Harry keep silent . 172 harry you have no idea how sorry I be ! cut to . 151 . live room , harry home . int . day . 2008 . Diego be in the kitchen . he be prepare breakfast , both for himself and mateo . Harry , heavy -heart , approach the kitchen , pensive . a half -heart " happy birthday " escape Diego 's lip . Harry do not react , perhaps he have not hear he . notice the look on he face Diego be not eager to insist . diego what 's go on ? harry my editor . I just find out he die six year ago ... Diego remain silent and let Harry continue talk . harry not long before he die he send I this notebook . but I do not want to know anything about he , I also do not know he be die ... and I put it away ... until today ... his wife just tell I he would have like to speak to I , that be the purpose of send I the notebook ... but I do not give he the chance . diego have you speak since the accident ? 173 harry no. never . Diego place plate with toast and juice on the table . he serve Harry some coffee and add sugar . diego the coffee be in front of you ... Harry find the cup easily . diego be you ok ? would you like I to stay here ? harry no , no ... you be head out ? diego my mother arrive today . I would like to be home when she arrive . harry I do not know she be arrive ... diego I do not either , she leave I a message this morning . she 's come to celebrate you birthday , with we ... harry it 's my birthday ? diego it seem so . today 's the ( he tell he the day ) , do that sound right ? harry yes . a day like today , fifty - one year ago , I enter the world . diego 174 happy birthday ! 152 . judit and diego' home . int . day . 2008 . judit return from location scout . she enter she house . she hug she son , effusively . she drop a large suitcase , with wheel . ( the sequence take place in various room in the house . from the foyer she should move toward the bedroom or the kitchen , where she make herself some tea , or where she open bag full of food that she 's bring , typical to the region she 's just visit . ( she look inside the refrigerator and do not find anything ) . thing like that . judit I be die to see you ! be you ok , my son ? diego yes . judit I be very worried about you ! diego mateo have look after I day and night ... judit mateo ? you be not call he Harry ...? Diego have not realize . diego yes ... judit 175 today 's he birthday , we must get he something ... what have you be up to all this time ? diego nothing ... watch movie ... and talk ... judit ( as if it be something strange ) talk ? diego yes ... judit what about ? diego Mom , please ! judit look at she son . she find he different . as if all the confidence share with Harry have leave a physical and visible mark on he . Diego seem to guess what he mother be think . judit ok . so what happen to you ? ( sort of joke ) I do not know if I should believe the thing about the stomach flu , you two use that as a excuse in a script ... diego ( elusive ) ( I suffer ) ... a accident . but I would rather not speak of that right now ... judit ( irritate , by the surprise ) what kind of accident ? diego it 's hard to explain . judit ( order he , annoyed ) try to ! I be not that stupid ! diego 176 let 's leave it for another time , yes ? I be all well now . judit get the sense that she can no longer speak to she son in the same way that she could before she leave on she trip . that two week have irreversibly change he . judit what 's wrong with you , Diego ? diego nothing . I be do just fine . I be go to buy a present for mateo . judit ( repeat ) for mateo ... diego alright , Harry . ( offended , she do not want she son to think she be a drag , so she make a effort not to bombard he with question ) judit call he however you wish . that 's the advantage of have two name . Diego disappear and leave she in mid-sentence . ( be this he way of avenge himself ? perhaps he reaction be unfair , but he cannot stand to stay there with he mother , answer thousand of question regard a " accident " when there have be another " accident " that he be much more intrigue by and that she have keep silent for fourteen year . ) 153 . mateo -harry home . int . day . 2008 . 177 ( the may may be around ) mateo go to open the door . judit have the key in one hand and a huge flower bouquet in the other . they greet each other enthusiastically . mateo- Harry attempt to hug she but he arm collide with the flower . judit wait , my arm be full ... mateo be that flower ? judit yes ! happy birthday ! cut to . 154 . mateo -harry home . int . day . 2008 . mateo and judit talk , they be sit on a sofa , the conversation be already mid-way . judit thank you for look after Diego ... I do not know how to thank you ! mateo you have be look after I for fourteen year now ... judit brushes he acknowledgement off , with a half -smile . judit 178 I have find he somewhat hostile . he leave without tell I what it be that happen ... will you tell I ? mateo I do not know . it should be you son to tell you . judit be upset by both of they evasiveness . judit what be wrong with the two of you ? why be it that he suddenly be not call you Harry but mateo ? mateo ( he evade the first question , but respond to the second one . ) two week ago , at the place where he d.j. 's , by mistake , he grab a friend 's drink that have be spike with G.H.B. , liquid ecstasy . he think it be he drink , both drink have coca-cola . judit liquid ecstasy ? mateo yes . it 's a very dangerous drug when it 's mix with alcohol and Diego have already have two Cuba libre before he drank from he friend 's glass ... judit and ... what happen ... exactly ? mateo ( be vague . ) he be badly affect . he spend two day in urgent care , after that , I bring he here . judit look at he , horrify . she can not seem to comprehend such a turbulent and simple story . 179 judit Diego 's a drug addict ? mateo no . I have tell you , he drank from the glass contain liquid ecstasy by mistake ... judit but how can one make a mistake with something like that ? mateo at first glace one can not tell the difference . both glass contain coca-cola ... it 's not the first time it happen ... judit sigh , defenseless and horrify . mateo Diego have not tell you so that you would not be alarmed ... judit ( that I would not be alarmed ?!) well , he have not succeed . at some point he will have to speak to I , no ? mateo he be want to do so ! judit take a cigarette out of its box and light it . judit be that so ? because I ask he and he do not answer ! mateo then you should try answer he , when he ask you . 180 judit smoke in silence , she be curious to know what mateo and Diego have be talk about in she absence , but she do not dare ask mateo . judit the two of you be act very differently . both of you . you both have change . she lament it , as if she have be put aside and they have not take she into account . cut to . 155 . " no view " restaurant . int . night . 2008 . at the bar before one enter the restaurant . judit and mateo be have something to drink . mateo tilt he head subtly in front of judit . mateo you smell good ... judit ( insecure ) I have put on some makeup and I be dress as a woman . mateo what 's the dress like ? judit describe it , with few word and almost shyly . mateo 181 and the hair ? how be you wear you hair ? it 's be so long since I have ask you that I do not even know whether it 's long or short . the fact that mateo betray that type of interest flatter and disconcert she . judit I have not change much , Harry . I be wear my hair short . mateo short like Jean seberg in " breathless " ? like Joan of Arc on the bonfire ? like liza minnelli in " cabaret " ? or like yul brynner ? judit short , or rather , very short , like that of all fortysomethings who want to appear young . mateo I be sure it look good on you . thanks for dress up for I , judit ... Diego look at they , amused . he hand mateo three dvd ( scorsese 's " goodfella " ( or the coen brother 's " fargo " ) , tarantino 's " kill Bill , " and kiarostami 's " taste of cherry " ) . near they , on the bar table , two couple talk excitedly as if they be about to go on a ride at a amusement Park . the barman tell they they may now enter . 156 . " no view " restaurant . int . night . 2008 . 182 once they have cross the doorway , a man signal they to follow he . he 's a blind man that , like mateo , move smoothly , he know the place by heart . the restaurant be completely shroud in darkness , all the waiter , man and woman , be blind . the one in charge of mateo , Diego , and judit introduce himself : javier my name be javier . how many be you ? mateo Three . there be not a single light inside . the follow sequence take place in absolute darkness . javier please , grab onto each other 's shoulder and follow I in indian - file . I will guide you to you table . it 's number eight . judit what be the idea here , Harry ? mateo we be dinning in darkness . javier you do not know this , mar 'am ? judit ( anxious , feel slightly ridicule ) no ... javier you should have be warn , but do not worry . people get use to it after a few minute . 183 157 . " no view " restaurant . int . night . 2008 . they have arrive to they table , as signal by the waiter . table number eight . he tell they where to sit . javier imagine that you plate be the face of a watch . you silverware be at 9h and at 3h . you glass at 1h. bread at 11h . each of they reach for the object as indicate by the waiter around a imaginary clock . judit still believe this be some kind of joke and that the light will come on at any moment and that something spectacular will appear before she eye . if she have be able to see , she would have be witness to the very interesting scene surround she . two couple kissing , with bestial enjoyment . and a well - breed woman perform fellatio on the man sit next to she . no one see they except we camera . judit Harry , what be all this about ? the waiter respond . javier we want we client to discover that the lack of sight harness the other sense . touch , taste , smell and sound will acquire a special intensity tonight , mar 'am . I hope you will enjoy they . 184 judit say nothing . she hide she nervousness in order not to ruin mateo 's night , he seem fascinate with the place and completely unaware of the process she be now live : the discovery of absolute darkness . a bottomless pit . javier will the gentleman be drink something ? mateo bring we a bottle of wine , to toast . the waiter leave they . slowly , judit begin to walk the plank that will plunge she into anxiety . the evening feel far from a party , but she do not want to spoil it for either mateo or Diego . she hear mateo explain to he : mateo I find out about this place in the newspaper and I want to check it out . diego it 's a german idea , there be various restaurant like this one , they be totally in fashion . judit ( can not believe what she 's hearing . ) darkness , in fashion ? I do not understand . silence . judit pour herself some water and drink . and she get depressed , in silence . she light a cigarette . 185 158 . " no view " restaurant . at the table . int . night . 2008 . javier , the waiter , arrive with the wine . he tell judit she can not smoke . she put out the cigarette . ( on the floor ? ) to enliven the occasion , Diego propose a toast . diego let 's toast ! judit yes . let 's toast . mateo pour the glass . they each grab one . clumsily , they bring they close until they can she the sound of the crystal clinking . diego happy birthday ! judit happy birthday ! we must look into each other 's eye . ( she have already say it and it 's too late when she think of retract it . ) diego well , we be kind of screw ... judit oh , sorry ... it slip . they attempt to clink glass . it be not such a easy task . the three glass head for each other in the darkness , it would have be easiest to have all three meet at the center , but instead each opt to find the other . only mateo put he forward and leave it in place , wait for the other two to find he . when this happen , judit 's glass collide with too much force , break he glass and wine spill 186 all over the table cloth . mateo attempt to make light of the situation , as if nothing have happen . he press he finger into the wine that have spill on the tablecloth and exclaim : mateo Joy ! Joy ! ( to judit ) bring you ear to I so that I can sprinkle some wine behind it . it 's for good luck ! judit attempt to heed he request , she lean forward , offer she head , parallel to the table . mateo can not quite find she ear . judit collapse . her head topple onto the table , without strength , and she burst into tear . cut to . 159 . " the mirror " terrace . int . ext . night . 2008 . show both terrace , the exterior one and the glass - enclose one . the sequence begin once all three of they ( judit , Diego and Harry ) be seat and drink . judit 's emotional state have not improve . the short sequence of event that she 's have to live through since she arrival have be make she increasingly tense and worried . she be try to combat the letdown by way of gin-and -tonic . ( they be sit on one extreme of the ellipsis that make up the glass - enclose terrace , decorate with cheesy decó motif ) . at the center , where the bar be locate , two or three waiter prepare to clean up the table . once in a while , they look over at the only three remain client . once in a while , they be also able to catch judit 's word . and once in a while , the waiter function as the 187 audience , witness a theatrical production . although on this occasion , the set be real and so be the drama . judit sip -down the gin-and - tonic quite rapidly . mateo and Diego accompany she . cut to . 160 . continued . mirror terrace . int . night . judit I do not know what you have be talk about this past day ... a topic which they have wait to broach since she arrive from she trip . neither of the two man respond , but they be both make uncomfortable by the comment . judit but I do know what I have not talk to you about all this year ... mateo direct he face toward she , surprised and polite . mateo I have never ask you ... judit but you must have ask yourself a thousand time . this be my birthday gift , mateo . ( to Diego ) the gift be also for you , Diego . 188 she take another sip to draw courage , but she 's already gather enough momentum : judit ( to mateo ) after you disappear , ernesto senior think only of he revenge . a plan have occur to he but , to carry it out , he have to bribe , at the very least , both Luis and I . it be not a issue , we both sell ourselves without hesitation . Luis and i. with I , he have the courtesy to provide a alibi , he propose that I leave for a month and a half to the United States , to the mayo Clinic , so that Diego could undergo a cure for he aspergillosis , that way I would not have to be present while he destroy the movie ( because that be he plan , to make a mess out of the film ) . I opt to stay in Madrid and have Diego undergo he cure here . I want to witness everything . if I be go to betray you , I want to pay the full price ... mateo what a live hell ! for both of you ! diego you say it ! she take a deep breath and continue : judit yes . it be torture to watch ernesto select the worst take of each shot and Luis edit they together , turn you film into a monster ( briefly tear ? ) . the only way of withstand that be to suffer more . 189 ( overcome ) I sell myself to ernesto because of my pain and jealousy . I could not take it and I could not ( then ) forgive you for have abandon cinearte with lena without say a word ! my betrayal be my revenge against you , against she and against myself ... the only innocent one be Diego ... ( to Diego ) forgive I , my son , for the bitterness that you have have to absorb all this year ... no one deserve to grow up like this ... 161 . continued . mirror terrace . int . night . judit rise . she approach the bar table . she order another gin - and -tonic . the waiter do not dare to tell she they have already close , so he serve she . with the glass in she hand , judit return to the table where mateo and Diego wait , expectantly . she have observe they whisper , but she have not hear what they have say . she sit down with they . judit take a sip . mateo ( interrupt she ) do not continue , judit ! it 's not necessary . judit yes . now that you once again call yourself mateo , I have no excuse . judit take a sip from she drink , to gather she strength . judit 190 no one know where you be . we have no idea . ernesto senior put everything together , the premier , all that ruckus , to see if you would react . his revenge be pointless if neither of you find out about it . ( pause ) ernesto ask I constantly if I know where you be , but I say that I also do not know anything , which be true . mateo ( somber ) that 's why I never call you , but even if you do not believe it , I be very worried for you and the boy . judit I believe you ... Diego attempt to say that he , too , believe he , but judit do not give he time . judit ernesto hire various detective to search for you , but before they find you , you call I , two day after the premier . ( slowly , debilitate . ) I be too embarrassed to answer , and ... too stunne . I still be . when ernesto senior ask I again about you , I do not know why , I give he the phone number for famara ... mateo and Diego listen to she , with renew attention . this new information reveal a unexpected possibility , something that neither of the two man have consider . they reaction toward judit 's painful declaration change in character . in mateo 's case , he compassion vanish and be replace by doubt , now incite by new suspicion . judit 191 ernesto send he son to find you in lanzarote . ( image of ernesto junior , inside a rent car , follow the couple across various place on the island , include the highway that lead to famara , on that last night . ) judit he be the one who find you after the accident and call the hospital ... diego do he have something to do with the accident ? judit no ! but I can not stop think that have I not give he father the phone number , perhaps nothing would have happen ... mateo ( dryly ) why do you think that ? judit I do not know ... mateo ( categorically ) if you do not know , then stop torture yourself . he say this with spite and somewhat disparagingly . for judit it 's like a splash of cold water to the face . the confession , rather than end as a liberate catharsis , have devolve in its opposite . the silence be weigh down by suspicion and the new abyss between mateo and judit . never before have judit feel mateo this distant and antagonistic . her dramatic confession , far from liberate she , have open new wound 192 and generate new suspicion . and judit feel take over by a arid anxiety , corrosive , unbearable . she almost can not breathe . cut to . 162 . castellana STREET . ext . night . 2008 . judit , mateo and Diego be inside judit 's car . Diego be drive . the three be tense and silent . 163 . mateo' build . ext . int . night . 2008 . in silence , they arrive at the entrance of the building where mateo life . ( mateo be possibly carry he umbrella or a blind man 's cane ) . he exit the car . judit walk he to the front door . she be glad that mateo can not see she look of embarrassment . mateo good night . judit ( destroy ) good night . call I if you need anything ... mateo do not respond . when the entrance door shut like a resounding " no . " judit wait until she see he disappear into the elevator . 164 . mateo' doorway . ext . night . 2008 . 193 from judit 's point of view , mateo disappear into the elevator , which soon begin to rise . 165 . STREET . in front of the entrance to mateo' build . ext . night . 2008 . undone , and she no longer pretend otherwise , judit return to the car . before she open the door she bend over and retch violently . Diego get out of the car and hold she by the waist . he attempt to help she . judit 's face be contort . she wipe a thread of saliva still hang from she lip . despite the retching , she have not vomit anything other than liquid . diego ( touch she forehead ) you be sweat ... judit it 's a panic attack ... ( take a deep breath , as if she have lose she wind ) Hand I the purse ! Diego find the purse in the car and hand it to she immediately . judit search through the purse , impatiently . she take the purse and drop all of its content on the sidewalk . she find a box of tranquilizers . the pill she press through the aluminum seal come out with a pop ; she place it on she tongue . she lean over the car . Diego look at she , scared , he have never see she like this . articulate poorly , so as to not move she tongue , judit say to he : judit 194 this will pass soon ... 166 . judit' home . int . night . 2008 . Diego hand she a glass of water . once in bed , judit take two sleep pill . she have overcome the crisis . Diego look at she , very concerned . his mother have never show herself to be so physically fragile . he want to help she , but it do not seem like there be anything more he can do than what he already have . judit attempt to smile in order to calm he . judit I will sleep well with this ... diego do you want I to stay here ? judit ( surprise ) here ? what for ? diego in case the panic return , so that you do not feel alone . judit eye swell with tear . judit thank you . I be feel better ... and I will fall asleep soon . diego call I , if you be not feel well ... 195 he kiss she twice and exit . the curtain that cover a large window that look out into a interior terrace be make from the same material as that that mateo have in he bedroom . 168 . harry home . int . dawn . 2008 . the next day . stand over he desk , mateo search the desk drawer under the computer . it 's open . there be not many thing inside ( credit card , envelope with money , a jump drive , the mp3 , etc. ) , he go through it meticulously until he find the note that Ray X have leave he the day he come to ask he if they could write a script together . Ray X have hand - write he own telephone number on the note . he go over it with he fingertip , as if he could see through they . he dial a familiar number , Diego 's . 169 . judit' home . diego' bedroom . int . dawn . 2008 . Diego 's mobile phone vibrate four or five time . but Diego be sleep and he do not wake up . the mobile phone stop vibrate . in all the scene where mateo be alone at home , he never turn on the light . he will be in the dark , lightly illuminate by any light that the crack in the window let through . return to 168 . 196 mateo leave he a message : " I be sorry to call you so early . tell you mother to call I as soon as she can . " 170 . harry STREET . ext . day . 2008 . as usual , mateo busy he newspaper at the same news -agent . he turn he body toward the model Agency , but no one there enter or exit whose odor or whose clack heel ring familiar . there be a few people on the sidewalk and that he cross be all head , like zomby , to work . 171 . bar across . 8 in the morning . ext . int . day . 2008 . he enter the bar where he waiter friend work . the place have just open . there be very few client . he greet he . waiter friend why here so early ? mateo I could not sleep . would you mind dial this number ? he hand he the phone and the piece of paper where Ray X 's number be write . 172 . kitchen , judit' home . int . day . 2008 . 197 Diego be meticulously prepare breakfast for himself and judit . he work hard to ensure that they both start they day with the help of a generous and varied breakfast , toast , juice , coffee and tea , marmalade , toast bread spread with oil and tomato , etc .. judit appear through one of the kitchen door , calm , with a look of have rest ( but also with the hangover of have survive a nightmarish day , the day before ) . Diego do not hear she approach . the mother take advantage of this to observe she son with a tender smile . when Diego turn to look , the tenderness disappear a little , more out of modesty and a lack of habit . in any case , judit enjoy the peacefulness of the moment : she son caring for she after the storm . judit look over the culinary display . judit how impressive ! diego I be specialize in breakfast . I would do the same for mateo ... judit 's expression change , now a bit more somber . diego be you ok ? judit yes , ( still a bit beat down ) do not worry about last night . it 's horrible , but it only happen occasionally and I know how to stop it ... diego it scared I , it seem as though a alien would pop out of you stomach . judit 198 it 's not a bad way of describe a panic attack ... ( change the topic , one can tell she 's make the decision before she arrive in the kitchen ) . Diego , there be one last thing I do not tell you yesterday . assume it will be painful , he attempt to dissuade she : diego about mateo ? judit yes . diego you can tell I some other time . now it 's time for breakfast . judit if I do not tell you now , I may never do so ... at the end of the eighty , in `77 , to be exact . diego the year of punk . judit yes , in the year of punk , mateo and I become involved ... diego in a love affair ? judit yes ... we be just get start in film , and we be still at it , but we love affair end , at least on he side ... that do not keep we from work together ... until now ... diego I know all that , or I imagine it ... judit there 's one more thing ... mateo be you father ... 199 Diego look at she , astonished . diego and that fleeting lover , my suppose biological father ? you make he up ? judit no ... I ... can hide thing ... but I never make thing up ... I do not know how to make up ... the fleeting lover exist , he be gay and we affair be short - live . his name be vicente and it be while I be with he that you be conceive , but you biological father be mateo , not vicente . still think about what he have just hear , Diego place the breakfast on the main kitchen table and serve he mother a cup of tea . judit begin to drink it , one tiny sip at a time . diego ( assimilate the news . he be not displease ) do mateo know ? judit no . at that time , he ask I and I deny it , of course . I do not want to put pressure on he , I do not want we relationship to change because of it . after all , I have never ask he if he want to become a father . the piece begin to fall together . diego I see ... judit 200 if you think I make a mistake , do not tell I now . we have the rest of we life for recrimination . Diego remain pensive for a moment . diego I will not recriminate you ... I think I like be mateo 's son ( the son of a bitch ) ... speak of , he call early this morning ... judit who ? diego mateo . at 8h . she look at the clock and it 's 11h . judit what do he want ? diego for you to call he as soon as you could . judit ( surprise , tense ) that I call he ? why in the world have you not awaken I ?! diego because , after what happen last night , you need to sleep . he do not say it be urgent . you can call he now . judit grab she son 's phone , agitate once again , and dial mateo 's number . 201 173 . alternate between judit' home . int . day . 2008 . 174 . puerta do hierro mansion . ernesto junior' study . int . day . 2008 . in the beginning the shot be close up and so we be not aware of where he be . all one can see be a bit of a curtain , out of focus . phone conversation . judit ( attempt to appear calm , since she confession she voice have a less authoritarian edge and be weaker ) Diego have tell I to call you . be you ok ? do you need anything ? ( this be what she 's most worried about . ) mateo ( almost with irony ) I be not alright , judit . and yes , I do need something ... the forty thousand meter of negative we shot during my last film in order to edit it ... I be at the home of ernesto junior and I just find out the material be destroy in ' 94 . I imagine something like this , I just do not think it would have happen that soon ... judit ( with urgency ) let I explain ... mateo ( cut she off ) no . I be in a hideous mood , judit , and I do not want to take it out on you ! judit ( surprise and alarmed ) what be you do at ernesto 's house ? 202 the shot open up , and we discover ernesto junior at the other end of the room , next to a 16 mm camera ( on a tripod ) recording everything that mateo say and do , while he search around in some drawer . mateo I think I be go to bribe he . we need money , I do not want Diego back at that damn bar . I want to pay Diego a salary , we need money and he have money to throw ... 175 . puerta do hierro mansion . ernesto' study . int . day . 2008 . the studio have a different configuration than when he father live , but we recognize the place nonetheless ; when the father be alive the space serve a different purpose . ernesto look at mateo fearlessly , he be still determine to search , urgently , for something inside the drawer of a chest . the place be a pretty big mess . judit mateo , stop talk crazy ! mateo it be not craziness . I can not think of anyone else to blame for magdalena 's death . judit my God ! ( she ask Diego to bring she the box of tranquilizers . ) wait a second ... I have something to tell you . mateo let it be , you already say enough last night . judit 203 ( she take a pill and yell at he ) listen to I , mateo ! ( as she raise she voice , she become dominant . ) I be the production director , if you want to know anything about the footage , ask I ! mateo since you insist , I will ask you . what do you have to tell I ? judit in effect , ernesto senior ask for it to be destroy . mateo in ' 94 ! very shortly after the release of that aberration . judit yes . in any case , sooner or later the lab dispose of all the material ... and that be many year ago . mateo that 's not anything that I do not already know . judit as the film 's producer I be the only one who have access to the lab ... to all the material . after I give the order to have everything destroy , I intercept it . and I keep it . I have all of it at home . mateo you be lie to I . judit I do not tell you this last night because I do not realize you want to edit it . I take everything , all the double take , the internegative , the sound tape ... everything ! you can have it whenever you want ! the silence on the other end of the line reassure she . 204 mateo that change everything . judit ( beg ) please , get out of that place , leave ernesto alone . he have nothing to do with this . mateo look over at ernesto junior . the camera be still on its tripod , roll . mateo I be not so sure . he have yet to explain what he be do in lanzarote . I will let you go , it seem he want to talk ... ( hang up ) ernesto , finally , find a dvd . he have it in he hand and bring it toward mateo . ( his hand enter into view on the screen of the 16 mm camera ) . ernesto J. here be a copy of " the make of " . mateo and why would I want that ? I can not watch it ! plus , I be not interested . ernesto take he hand and place the dvd softly onto it . ernesto J. have someone you trust watch it and tell you about it . ( this dvd prove that I be not responsible for the accident . ) oh , and even if my father have ask I to 205 harm you , I never would have ... you be very important to I , mateo ... ernesto speak naturally , for the first time , mateo take he seriously . 176 . mateo -harry home . int . day . 2008 Diego be watch the image of " the make of " , while mateo work out on he treadmill . at the last moment , a instant prior to be strike by the suv , mateo and lena kiss inside the car . they be then distract by a noise from the car that be about to hit they . this image have be record from inside a different car , which have be follow they from behind , at a safe distance ( ernesto junior 's car ) . mateo reach the live room from the other end of the house , drip with sweat . Diego have just watch the kiss and the accident . he rewind and he pause right at the moment when mateo 's and lena 's kiss fill the whole screen . mateo be there something new I should know about ? diego ( surprise and move ) it 's a very interesting documentary ... and , yes , in effect , ernesto follow you to lanzarote , until the last moment . mateo the image be there ? diego 206 yes . mateo that of the last night ? they take a look at the image that ernesto tape at " El mirador " from the outside . through the glass of the large window we see lena and mateo talk . diego yes . he record you at a safe distance , while you be on you way back after dinner . the scene be light by the light of he headlight . it 's not a lot , but enough to see what happen . not only do he not have anything to do with the accident , he save you life . mateo watch the screen of the television without be able to see it , take in the information Diego give he . diego and one more e thing : when you be at the traffic circle , before the suv crash into to you , you and lena kiss ... mateo a kiss ? I do not remember it ... diego it be a ordinary kiss , just one more of the many kiss a couple give each other , almost without think ... mateo ( pensive ) the last kiss ... diego 207 yes . even if it sound cheesy , someone have to tell you : lena do not die in you arm , as you dream , but the last sensation she experience in this world be the taste of you mouth ... mateo watch without see the television , he get close to the screen . with he fingertip , he caress the surface , literally touch lena 's last kiss . Shots of mateo 's hand caress the screen , with the image of the kiss . shot of Diego observe the entirety of the scene , move . a shot of everything . the appropriate kind of music accompany the scene as it begin to fade out , bit by bit , while a sign appear : epilogue . 177 . on the avid . int . 2008 Luis ' notebook , open on give sequence , as if Luis be present on this last moment of the definitive editing . a ashtray with a light cigarette . the hand of the editor power the avid , direct the mouse through all the necessary step until the screen fill with a block of sequence of " Girls and suitcase , " in pina 's loft . the image fill the entire screen of the main narration . it begin with the same sequence Diego and mateo watch on television . everything be the same , but it play completely differently . the actress be funny and fresh . the spectator do not know what the difference be , but , unconsciously , he must feel enthralled by the sequence of pina and chon , as if spellbound . 208 178 . scene from " girl and suitcase . " pina' loft . entrance hall . int . 2008 pina limp ( feed up ) toward the door . look through the peephole , behind it , chon . they be good friend , but chon be the last person pina want to see right now . pina ( whisper . ) what a drag ! ( she open , not the least bit welcoming . ) oh , it 's you ? chon ( anxious , reproachful . ) I have leave you a thousand message ! pina yes . a thousand from you and none from Ivan . chon ( look at the suitcase as if it be a menace , strange bug . ) what about this suitcase ! pina it 's Ivan 's . he 's leave I . she notice that pina be wear a cast on she leg . chon and that cast on you leg ? pina his ex - wife , the crazy one . she push I down the stair ... chon well , we be in good shape ! I have also break up with my husband ... 209 pina oh , sorry to hear it ! I will make some coffee , I have spend my entire night look for Ivan and I have not go to bed . chon neither have I . on she way to the kitchen chon notice , through the bedroom door , that the bed have be burnt . she bump into the phone that have be rip out of its socket , now on the floor . she say nothing , she do not want to pry , but she think that pina 's situation must be more complicated than hers . 179 . lofta kitchen . int . 2008 the chicken be live large , free to roam throughout the entire place . pina when do you leave he ? chon four day ago . I could see it come . the thing be that after break up , I go out onto the street and I notice there be this " guy " look at I . she also discover the gazpacho on the kitchen table . chon ( voracious . ) oh my , gazpacho ! can I have a bowl ? pina 210 no ! I have spike it with a entire box of downer ... chon how so ? pina in case Ivan arrive , he love gazpacho . chon ( scold she . ) pina , my God ! throughout the conversation pina make coffee and prepare a tray of fornassetti cup and the whole bit . pina and that 's not all ! since he be not call , I have tear the phone from the wall , in a moment of rage ... chon I have trip on the thing , but I do not want to pry ... and the bed ? I think I notice it smoking a bit ... pina I drop a light match and it begin to burn , and I do not want to squelch it . Fire purify . I will have to change the mattress , but all for the best ! a whole lot of less memory ! chon look at she friend . pina but excuse I , I have interrupt you . you be tell I ... she grab the tray , now full with coffee and pastry . pina 211 let 's have breakfast on the terrace . the two woman head for the terrace , which sit in front of the beautiful backdrop curtain of Madrid . 180 . lofta terrace . int . 2008 chicken and rabbit , run around . lot of plant , etc . a idyllic and false image . only the feeling be authentic and the woman 's happy disposition for live in hysteria . chon ( struggle with what she 's about to say . ) yes . I be tell you that I also have a suitcase at home . pina you husband 's ? chon no . it 's a suitcase with fifteen kilo of cocaine , uncut . pina 's eye open wide . pina you have become a dealer , chon ? chon no ! how could you think that ! I be still a counselor for Social affair in the City Hall ! the suitcase appear in my closet . imagine the scandal if the police find out . they could put I in jail ! pina 212 certainly ! chon I have to get rid of that fifteen kilo as soon as possible . ( thinks . ) because of the hour we keep , politician consume a lot of drug . so , between my party cohort and city hall , I could distribute two kilo , but what do I do with the rest ! pina throw it out ! chon be you crazy ? how could I throw it out ?! I have to keep the police from find it in my house ... I have to take it some other place , immediately ! pina but I do not understand ... chon ( interrupt . ) well , it 's clear , honey ! pina ( finishes she question . ) how be it that the suitcase appear in you closet ? chon ( drink a little coffee , and take a bite from a pastry . ) as I be tell you , after break up with my husband , I bump into this guy on the street who keep watch at I , good-look , well hang . summing up , I take he home and screw he over and over ... ( take another sip of coffee . ) pina a how be he ? chon in bed ? Divine . look at my arm hair ? I have get goose - bump ! ( she show she the hair on she arm , 213 stand straight up . ) he 's that kind of guy who know how to drive a woman mad with pleasure ! pina so you lose you mind ... chon what else could I do ?! so he ask I if he could stay at my place for a few day and I say ok , but I could not promise anything . I do not want he think that I be that easy . so ( breathes in ) he bring the suitcase . he ask I if I care if he keep it in the closet . he say that he be attach to the suitcase . and , well , why would I care ?! ( breathes in ) by pure chance , I be watch tv last night and I find out that the police have nab he in the course of a drug sting operation and that he be one of the most want trafficker ! I open the suitcase and I discover that it be fill with little bag of cocaine . I run out of the house and I have not return since ... pina breathes out in solidarity . pina what a story , my God ! chon ( conclude . ) I be wonder why he be such a good fuck ! for man live in such high - stake condition , each fuck could be the last ! ( she reach she arm out , again . ) look , the goose -bump ! once again , she show pina she arm , hair stand straight up . 214 pina I have see they already ... they come easy for you ... ( change topic . ) and the suitcase ? chon ( humble . ) I be go to ask you ... if you do not mind that I bring it here . if they find it in my house , well , it 's not about what could happen to I , but that it 's just not a ideal situation for the counselor of Social affair . imagine how upset the mayor would be , and my party ! my party can not take one more scandal ! the doorbell ring : chon the police ! pina shush , how could it be the police ?! no one know you be here ! chon I be a woman who attract attention , pina . since I be a little girl ... pina just pretend you be here for coffee ... pina limp toward the door , uncertain . ( behind it she will find new adventure ) . she look back , toward chon , half - smile , tired but charming , fill with understanding and a love for life , with all its emotion and its contradiction . it 's with this half - smile on magdalena 's face that the sequence arrive at its end . 181 . avid room . int . 2008 215 mateo , judit , Diego , and the new editor , somewhat remove from they , be seat in front of the editing table , they be both move and entertained . diego this be hilarious ! mateo ( want to be sure . ) it do not sound like what we watch on tv , right ? diego not at all ! this be a whole different thing ! judit be the one who be most deeply move . she may cry , but this time she tear will be happy tear , welcome tear . judit it 's wonderful , mateo . we should re-release it . mateo the important thing be to finish it . film must be finish . judit keep cry . the end