brooklyn nine - nine the Bet # 01012 written by Laura mccreary directed by Julian farino production Office : 4024 radford Avenue Republic bldg , 2 '' ? floor Studio City , CA 91604 ( 818 ) 655-8150 a universal television no portion of this shoot draft ( 10/25/13 ) all rights reserve . '' 2013 NBC studios , LLC . cript may be perform , publish , reproduce , sell , or distribute by any mean or quote or publish in any medium , include any web site , without prior write consent of NBC studios , LLC . disposal of this script copy do not alter any of the restriction set forth above . det . cpr . sgt . det . det . det . gina .... det . det . dep . photographer ..... sharon doctor nash young amy ( m ) perp .. delivery guy .... brooklyn nine - nine ep.112 '' the Bet '' shoot draft 10/25/13 cast list jake peralta Andy samberg ray holt ..... .. Andre braugher terry ujeffords. erssssssssssssssesssnesesssneccsssnecsssenssessenssesseseee Terry crews amy santiago .... .. Melissa fumero charle boyle .... . Joe lo truglio rosa diaz . Stephanie beatriz eseee chelsea peretti hitchcock . dirk blocker scully . Joel mckinnon Miller chief gerber escssssssssssssssssesssnnssssssesessssssssssessessesssnsseesssees Mark Berry .. merrin dungey brooklyn nine - nine ep.112 '' the Bet '' shoot draft 10/25/13 set list interior exterior 99 °® precinct Amy 's stoop - bullpen - briefing room - Holt 's Office warehouse alley - break room - Elevator rooftop ceremonial Hall bar rec room Jake 's mustang Restaurant ( fb ) Amy 's apartment ( fb 1986 ) brooklyn nine - nine ep.112 '' the Bet '' shoot draft 10/25/13 day breakdown day one scene 1 , 2 , 12 day two scene 3 , 5 - 6 , 10 , 11 , 13 - 18 , 25 , a33 * night two scene 19 - 21 , 23 , 24 , 26 - 30 , 32 , 33 , b33 * , 34 , 36 - 38 , 40 - 45 day three scene 46 - 48 flashback day scene 4 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 35 , 39 ** scene a33 & b33 add ** brooklyn nine - nine " the Bet " shoot draft 10/25/13 1 . cold OPEN 1 int . ceremonial hall - morning ( d1 ) 1 jake , holt , and charle be in the wing of a small stage area . they look dapper in they dress blue . jake ( can you believe it ? ) Charles ! Medal of valor ! charle I know ! jake for get shot in the butt ! charle for '' exceptional act of heroism or voluntary risk of personal safety . '' but you know , six of one . holt this be one of the nypd 's high honors . today be you day , detective boyle . Charles smile . 2 int . ceremonial hall - stage - later ( d1 ) 2 on the stage , deputy chief gerber stand at the podium . Charles can be see in the wing glow with pride . Jake and Holt stand behind he , supportive . gerber heroism can not be measure by a piece of metal , but it 's the best we can do to recognize brave officer who put they life on the line . it be my great honor to present the Medal of valor to detective Charles boyle ... Charles walk on stage . the crowd , include amy , terry , rosa , gina , scully , and hitchcock applaud politely . gerber -.-- and sergeant peanut butter ! the crowd erupt as a police horse be lead onto the stage . Jake turn to Holt , delighted . jake oh my god , Charles be get the same prize as a horse . brooklyn nine - nine " the Bet " shoot draft 10/25/13 2 . 2 continued : 2 holt at least boyle be announce first . jake because the horse outrank he ! this be amazing ! holt that 's enough , peralta . this be a huge honor , and nothing can take that away from he -- jake the horse be poop on the stage ! sergeant peanut butter be poop on the stage ! the horse neigh . holt that be unfortunate . they both give a weak thumb - up to Charles . end of cold OPEN brooklyn nine - nine " the Bet " shoot draft 10/25/13 3 . act one 3 int . bullpen - day ( D2 ) 3 Amy , Rosa , Terry , hitchcock , and scully work at they desk . Jake walk up to Amy , and they stare each other down . amy peralta . jake santiago . the bet end today . be you ready ? amy I be bear ready . jake -- to lose . the whole question be , '' be you ready to lose ? '' and you say you be bear that way . amy twist my word all you want -- I be win this bet . hitchcock what bet ? what be you guy talk about ? everyone turn to he in disbelief . terry seriously ? '' the bet ? '' scoreboard in the briefing room . it come up all the time . what be you do all day ? hitchcock nothing . why , you wanna hang out ? amy a year ago today , peralta and I make a bet to prove who 's a better detective . whoever make more felony arrest win . 4 int . briefing room — flashback —- one year ago ( fbd ) 4 the squad minus Holt be gather . Jake and Amy argue . amy what be the stake ? and do not say money , because I know you be in debt . brooklyn nine - nine " the Bet " shoot draft 10/25/13 4 . 4 continued : 4 jake if you know anything about I , you would say '' crush debt . '' I x11 bet whatever , because I be not lose . rosa what about you car ? charle not the ' stang ! that thing 's a date - * magnet . I mean , how many girl have you make out with in that car -- six ?! ( then ) bight ?!!? jake I be gonna win , so sure : let 's bet the car . charle jakey , no ! thor would never wager he hammer . Neil Patrick Harris would never wager he showmanship ! lose that car would be the worst thing in the world for you . gina ( to Amy ) what 's the worst thing in the world for you ? amy be one of that girl in Jake 's mustang . terry then it 's settle : if peralta lose , santiago get he car . if santiago lose , she go on a date in say car . they shake on it . jake that 's a very firm handshake . amy ( steely ) I take a seminar . 5 int . bullpen - back to scene ( D2 ) 5 amy and now the score be all tie up . brooklyn nine - nine " the Bet " shoot draft 10/25/13 5 . 5 continued : 5 jake but not for long . in eight hour , I will win and then I will take santiago on the worst date in the history of the world . ( to Amy ) you make you bed and now you be go to lie in it . do not worry , '' bed '' be just metaphorical . or be it ? amy I be not worried , ' cause tonight I be drive home in you car . and then I be drive to the junkyard , where I will have it smushed into a metal cube , which I will use as a cold , sharp ottoman . Captain Holt exit he office . Charles hobble after he . holt attention . after today 's shift , I have like everyone to join I at the bar for drink in honor of detective boyle and he Medal of valor . gina oh my god , be peanut butter gonna be there ? that horse be a damn hero . charle peanut butter will not be join we . holt he 's be féte at the United Nations . Holt return to he office . Jake and Amy look at each other , then sprint after he . Jake push a chair at Amy , then throw a pen , then swipe a stack of paper off gina 's desk . jake rolly chair ! Pen ! gina 's desk ! he slam the door behind he . 6 int . holt 's office — continuous ( D2 ) 6 Jake lock the door behind he . Amy struggle to open it . jake hello , sir , you look very stoic today . like a majestic old tree -- holt I be not go to give you more case so you can win you bet with santiago . brooklyn nine - nine " the Bet " shoot draft 10/25/13 6. 6 10 continued : 6 jake what ?! oh , right the bet , I totally forget -- holt grant , this '' friendly competition '' have lead to you and santiago put in more hour and arrest more perp . especially this last week . int . bullpen — flashback — monday ( fbd ) 7 Amy walk in with a perp . Jake stare . she change a number on the dry erase board . she 's up by one . amy up by one , peralta ! anything you want to say to you car before you never see it again ? '' bye bye ? '' '' I love you ? '' '' I be sorry I let santiago sell you for part ? '' int . bullpen — flashback - tuesday ( fbd ) 8 Jake walk in with a perp . Amy watch . they be tied on the board . Jake erase and then add one to he side . jake oh hi , santiago . do you have any dietary restriction that medieval Times should know about ? I be book we a table in the middle of the jousting ring ! int . bullpen — flashback — wednesday ( fbd ) 9 Amy walk in with another perp . Jake watch . she erase the number and put herself up by one . amy ( on the phone ) yes , 3 - 1 - 1 ? what 's the safest way to set a car on fire ? int . holt 's office - back to scene ( D2 ) 10 holt both of you have do exemplary work , which I appreciate . jake and I can see that by the absolutely no indicator on you face . brooklyn nine - nine " the Bet " shoot draft 10/25/13 7 . 10 11 continued : 10 holt however , you be colleague . and the fallout from this bet have the potential to put a strain on you professional relationship . jake only if I lose . I be a terrible sport . * holt case will be assign as they always be . dismiss . Jake exit . Amy bust in . amy Captain ! you look -- holt no. int . bullpen - charle 's desk - later ( D2 ) 11 Charles pour water into a slow drip ( chemex type ) coffee mixer . Rosa enter . Holt and gina be nearby . charle Rosa , hey , would like to have a cup of coffee with I ? I get some gorgeous new coffee bean . rosa ( gritt tooth ) sure . that sound great . charle it be great . first , we weigh out exactly 24 gram of coarsely - ground beanage . it should have the consistency of tunisian sand . rosa fun . gina be not that like you fifth cup today ? charle I be try to counteract the drowsiness from my pain med . I take a double dose after the incident at the ceremony . brooklyn nine - nine " the Bet " shoot draft 10/25/13 8 . 12 int . ceremonial hall ~— flashback ( d1 ) 12 Charles and peanut butter stand in front of 10 photographer . photographer bring peanut butter forward . forward . forward . can the little guy just take a big step back , please ? charle my name be boyle ! I win the same Medal as this horse ! aaaaaaaarrrgghhh ! he step backwards and immediately fall off the stage . 13 int . bullpen - back to scene ( D2 ) 13 charle the footage of my fall lead the local news , so who 's the hero now , peanut butter ? gina peanut butter . charle gina , you be just try to hurt I to distract yourself from you own internal pain . also , you should use less * conditioner , because that 's a flat mess . * Charles exit . holt what be go on with boyle ? rosa his pain med be make he weird . gina ohhhh . this happen to my dad when he get he vasectomy un - reverse . you get all relaxed and you have no filter , so you drop truth bomb all over everyone . holt hm . that explain the elevator . 14 int . elevator —- flashback - 30 minute ago ( D2 ) 14 Charles on the elevator . Holt get on . brooklyn nine - nine " the Bet " shoot draft 10/25/13 9 . 14 15 16 continued : 14 charle hello , Captain . I be worried you do not find I interesting . I wish there be a third person in here . I be go to pretend someone texted I . ( make texting sound ) bloop ! he pull out he phone . int . bullpen - back to scene ( D2 ) 15 holt gina , please keep a eye on boyle today . he 's go to say something to the wrong person and get himself punch . gina for sure . I would love to see Charles get punch . holt try again . gina I will keep Charles from get punch . int . bullpen - later ( D2 ) 16 Jake walk in a perp . jake up by two , santiago . I hope you get you cat a sitter tonight , because I would hate for they to be lonely while we be out on we date , have the time of my life . amy I do not have cat . I live alone . jake cool brag . amy you know who do not live alone ? the bardon twin , whom I just bust for a b&e . tie ballgame . reveal : two twins in the hold cell . jake they have the same DNA -- they should only count as one ! brooklyn nine - nine " the Bet " shoot draft 10/25/13 10 . 17 int . holt 's office — later ( D2 ) 17 Terry enter . Holt sit at he desk . holt sergeant jefford , I be honore to give you back you gun . you be officially clear for active duty . Holt solemnly present terry's gun to he . Terry take it with equal gravitas . terry thank you , sir . it 's good to be back . holt I send gina out to get a congratulatory card . he hand Terry a card . terry '' through rain , hail , sleet , and snow , you never fail to deliver . thanks for be a great mailwoman . '' holt she do not look very hard . but you * understand the sentiment . * terry * yes , sir . I assure you , I can not wait to * get out there and kick crime in the ass . * Terry 's phone ring . Holt nod at he and he pick it up . terry hey baby . yeah , I can do a quick story . ( to Holt , hushed ) at nap time , I tell my twin about a tiny princess who ride on a sparrow 's back . holt * childhood be a time of whimsy . dismiss . 18 int . bullpen - later ( D2 ) 18 Amy hurry in with a perp in tow . she be out of breath . amy lady and gentlemen , I present Carl laudson , who steal 3000 dollar ! santiago take the lead with one minute leave ! suck it , peralta ! brooklyn nine - nine " the Bet " shoot draft 10/25/13 11 . 18 continued : 18 jake ( unconcern ) oh no . amy that 's right ' oh no 's -- ( realize ) oh no , you do not seem worried . why be not you worried ? jake bring in the john ! Jake stand . a uniformed cop bring in ten johns . jake I run a prostitution sting through vice , and arrest thirty guy for solicit . amy that 's not a felony . jake it be if it 's you second offense . which be the case for ten of this gentleman . Little trivia -- four of they be actually name John ! ironic . anyhoo , ten more for peralta . accept you fate ! amy never ! * jake five ... four ... three ... two ... one ! it 's over . Jake win ! Amy lose ! he hit play on a boombox : '' celebrate '' by Kool & the gang plays . Jake 's give everyone noisemaker , confetti , etc . he flip the dry erase board , it read : '' peralta win . '' Amy sit , defeat . Jake drop to one knee and produce a ring . jake Amy santiago , you have make I the happiest man on Earth . will you go on the worst date ever with I ? you have to * say yes ! amy -.. yes . jake she say yes ! she say yes ! end act one brooklyn nine - nine " the Bet " shoot draft 10/25/13 12 . 19 act two ext . amy stoop - that night ( n2 ) 19 Jake be in he mustang . he lay on he horn , yell . neighbor and passer - by stop and look , annoyed . jake Amy santiago ! date time ! time to date ! ( to a pass gawker ) hi there . sorry , I be take . the woman who life in that apartment love I . Amy stick she head out the door . amy peralta , this outfit be ridiculous . jake should have think of that before you spend all year lose we bet . chop chop , there 's a lot of embarrassing to do and not a lot of hour to do it in . Jake lay on he horn again . Amy exit . she be wear a very puffy , bright blue dress with a big bow on the butt . she look like she just step out of a ' 90 bat mitzvah . amy happy ? jake yes ! you look like every girl I ever have a crush on at every bat mitzvah . let I see the bow . she turn around . jake just like Jenny gildenhorn . I wish you have brace . should we get you brace ? no -- that 's too much . Jake exit the car . he look quite handsome in a tuxedo ... until he walk around to open Amy 's door and we see that he 's wear cargo short and sneaker . amy Nice short . jake thank you . believe it or not : they be not that expensive . brooklyn nine - nine " the Bet " shoot draft 10/25/13 13 . 19 20 21 continued : 19 amy do I really have to wear this all night ? jake you know the rule . the date begin now and end at midnight . I decide what you wear , what you eat , and where we go . oh , and there 's one last rule . he take Amy 's hand and look deep into she eye . jake no matter what happen , you be not allow to fall in love with I . amy wo not be a problem . jake ( open she car door ) mn lady ? ext . amy stoop - moment later ( n2 ) 20 Jake drive away and we reveal he car be drag can and have a sign that read : ' just lose a Bet . ' int . bar —- same ( n2 ) 21 gina , Terry , Holt , and Rosa be drink at a table . Charles * talk to Chief gerber . * gerber detective boyle . I just stop by to * say congratulation . you medal be well - * deserve . charle thank you , sir . you breath be terrible . gina Charles , can I speak with you ? she lead Charles away , turn back to gerber as she go : * gina * thank you for come , Mr. President . * charle where 's Rosa ? I have not see she all night . do you know my wife pay I alimony ? brooklyn nine - nine " the Bet " shoot draft 10/25/13 14 . 21 continued : 21 gina okay ... let 's take a seat . I be gonna keep a eye on you tonight , little buddy . charle thanks ! angle on : sharon , Terry 's wife , enter and he wave she over . * terry hey , you make it ! Captain , I have like you to meet my wife , Sharon . sharon I have hear so much about you . it 's wonderful to finally meet you . holt and you . you husband be a hero . if you ask I , he should have be up there with detective boyle today . sharon what for ? holt for save my life . terry he mean metaphorically -- like , save he from paperwork . Paper cut be a slow death , baby . holt no , I be refer to how he throw he body at the emotionally disturb criminal who be try to kill I . 22x ext . rail yard - night ( flashback from '' christmas '' ) 22 x haime point a gun at Holt , when terry tackle he ! terry nooooo00000000 ! 23 int . bar - back to scene ( n2 ) 23 sharon he do what ?! you be back in the field ? holt ah . I have cause a problem . I think I be ... get a text message . ( quietly ) brooklyn nine - nine " the Bet " shoot draft 10/25/13 15 . 23 24 continued : 23 bloop . ( then ) there it be . he move a step away . sharon why be this the first I be hearing about this ? terry I think I tell you . remember , you be half asleep , watch the news and the baby be cry and I say real low , ' hey baby , I be back in the field . you want something to eat ? ' and you be like , ' what ? ' and I be like , ' something to eat ? ' and you say , ' sure ' -- and I bring you a oatmeal cookie ? remember ? sharon you be a piece of work , terrance . Sharon storm off , annoyed . Terry turn to Holt . terry aw damn . she call I terrance ! I be * doom . * Terry downs a double whiskey in one gulp . terry God , I wish I weigh less . this be not even make I warm . Terry walk off after Sharon . * int . bar ~ continuous ( n2 ) 24 Jake and Amy arrive at the bar . Jake hold up a bullhorn , press the siren for a beat , then speak into it : jake attention , everyone ! obviously , this be Charles 's night . but forget about that for a second , and admire , take picture , and comment on every aspect of -- ( wave hand in front of Amy ) this . amy ugh . permission to go to the bathroom ? brooklyn nine - nine " the Bet " shoot draft 10/25/13 16 . continued : 24 24 25 26 jake grant . first of three . use they wisely . Amy exit . Jake sidle up next to Charles at the bar . jake congrat again , buddy , I really be proud of you . still wear the medal , huh ? charle yes , I want woman to be impressed by I . jake allllright ... well , sorry I can not stay , but I have get a terrible night plan for Amy . first up , the mall photo Studio for we official date portrait . the picture will be the two of we play one saxophone . then , a dinner of peel - and - eat shrimp at a dangerously cheap seafood restaurant . and then : I have contract a youth choir to serenade we . * rec room - earlier ( D2 ) 25 int . Jake Jake stand in front of a youth choir . jake okay , let 's hear it . conduct the choir as they sing the '' hallelujah '' chorus . youth choir saaaaan-tiago ! santiago ! santiago ! saaaaan-tiago ! you su -u-ck so bad ! bar - back to scene ( n2 ) 26 int . jake they be gonna sing to she at midnight in the middle of Times Square . she and 5000 german tourist will remember that moment for the rest of they life . charle Jake , do you know why little boy pull little girl 's pigtail on the playground ? jake ' Cause they be so easy to grab , they be begging to be pull . brooklyn nine - nine " the Bet " shoot draft 10/25/13 17 . 26 27 continued : charle because they like the girl and it 's the only way they know how to get they attention . jake ... what be you say ? charle all of this teasing and this elaborate date ... somewhere , down deep , you like Amy . like : '' like she , '' like she . jake okay , that 's straight - up insane . charle how much do you spend on tonight ? jake do not worry about it . fourteen hundred dollar . but it 's all on credit card , so really , five dollar a month for the next 2000 year . I do not like Amy ! charle you be put a lot of effort into a joke . why do not you just sit down and have a real conversation with she ? jake Charles , you live in you ex - wife 's new boyfriend 's basement . I do not think I be gonna take advice from you . Jake walk away . Charles call after he : charle I be ashamed of my live situation ! int . bar - same ( n2 ) gina walk up to Rosa , who be drink in the corner by the payphone , make herself small against the wall . gina hey , you hide ? I love hide . who be we hide from ? rosa I be avoid boyle and he truth bomb . 26 27 * brooklyn nine - nine " the Bet " shoot draft 10/25/13 18. 28 29 30 int . bar —- flashback - 20 minute ago ( n2 ) 28 Charles talk to hitchcock . charle I sometimes worry I be go to become you . int . bar - back to scene ( n2 ) 29 rosa he keep say he want to talk to I . I be afraid he 's go to tell I he love I or propose or something . gina he should smelt the bullet from he butt and make you a ring . ( fan she eye ) oh my god , I be gonna cry ... rosa boyle dove in front of that bullet for I . I can not be mean to he -- I watch he make coffee for 28 minute this morning . but I also do not want to lead he on ... gina well , Holt tell I not to let he get hurt tonight , so I will keep he away from you . Charles walk up . Rosa scurries away . charle have you see Rosa ? gina Rosa die eight year ago . let 's get you a drink . int . bar - same ( n2 ) 30 Jake stand in the center of the bar . jake attention , everyone ! we be about to leave , but now , for the first time as winner and loser , santiago and I will perform the steerage jig from the film , '' Titanic , '' which we have in no way practice . a polka start play . Charles aside to Jake : brooklyn nine - nine " the Bet " shoot draft 10/25/13 19 . 30 continued : 30 charle romantic . jake no. embarrassing . ( then , to the crowd ) please note , when Amy blushes , it start at the tippy - top of she ear so watch for that ! Jake walk up to Amy and start spin she around . amy I hate you gut . jake Channel that passion into the dance , baby . holt peralta . Holt motion for Jake . jake scully . tag in . scully okay ! Jake cross to Holt . scully start jigging he ass off around Amy . scully and Amy 's dance play out in the background during the follow : holt one of we informant just call . we have be tracking a crew that lift cargo from laguardia . the CI know where the truck unload , and I need you to go stake out the drop-site . Jake look over to Amy dance ... jake Sir , I be right in the middle of this date and I can not reschedule . I have far , far too many non-refundable deposit . I be rent a tiger cub by the hour ! holt for what ? brooklyn nine - nine " the Bet " shoot draft 10/25/13 20 . 30 continued : ( 2 ) 30 jake do not even know . wait for inspiration . holt this be not a negotiation . go . jake Fine . but I be take santiago , so the minute we be do we be back to the date . ( to Amy ) darling ? brief pause . duty call . amy thank god . they head out . scully gina ! tag in ! gina not even if it would cure cancer . end act two brooklyn nine - nine " the Bet " shoot draft 10/25/13 31 32 a33 act three ext . warehouse alley in brooklyn - establishing ( n2 ) 31 int . jake' car - night ( n2 ) 32 Jake and Amy be back in they regular clothes . they sit in the car . Jake look through binoculars . amy I be so happy to be out of that dress . it be weirdly hot . jake oh yeah , it be a cotton-plastic blend . but do not get too comfortable . we be gonna catch this guy and get right back to the worst night of you life . Jake read a text on he phone . jake ugh . I have to cancel we theater reservation . amy I do not even want to know . jake then I 'il tell you ! it be a interactive musical call , '' uncle milton 's crazy armenian funeral . '' you be go to be drag on stage to play the nanny he die in bed with . amy ha ha . I be so happy LaGuardia be rob tonight . hopefully , someone will also rob JFK . jake do not worry , there 's plenty of date leave , include a grand finale at midnight . int . rec room — flashback ( D2 ) a33 the choir be rehearse . one little boy sing in high falsetto , while the choir back he up . choir boy youth choir for you suck at detective santiago , santiago , work , Amy ! santiago ... 21 . * brooklyn nine - nine " the Bet " shoot draft 10/25/13 22. b33 33 ext . jake' car - back to scene ( n2 ) b33 * jake * it 's gonna be great . for I and the * kid . they get to stay up so late ! * a truck pull up . Jake and Amy perk up ... but it roll on . jake be that the truck ? please let it be -- nope . '' artisanal Soft serve . '' thanks a lot , Brooklyn ! int . bar —- same ( n2 ) 33 Terry and Sharon talk it out at a quiet corner table . sharon why would you go back in the field and not tell I ? terry you do not tell I everything you do . like when you buy we girl that fur vest ! sharon you love that vest ! terry yeah , because they be adorable ! but I be not consult . ( off she look ) baby , I be sorry . Captain 's life be in danger and I just do what I have to do . it be a impulse decision . sharon I guess I can kind of understand that . Holt walk up . holt Sharon , I have to apologize . I want to assure you that the call to put sergeant jefford in the field be not some spur of the moment , impulse decision . it 's be in the work for a few month now . sharon month ? Terry say it just happen . you need to get you storey line up . Sharon glare at Terry and storm off again . brooklyn nine - nine " the Bet " shoot draft 10/25/13 23 . 33 continued : 33 holt perhaps I should stop talk to you wife . terry that 's a good call . Terry chase after Sharon , frustrated . 34 int . jake 's car - a little later ( n2 ) 34 Jake and Amy , still on the stakeout . Jake check he watch . amy ten pm . this wonderful thug have save I another hour of humiliation . jake yeah , well , I be not give up . there 's still time for we to get back to the worst date of you life . amy hmmm no . nothing will ever be worse than the date I have with my aunt 's dentist ... 35 int . restaurant - night ( fbn ) 35 * Amy sit across from doctor nash , a dentist . dr . nash here -- try some of this ! he offer a bite of food on he fork , then use the fork and a spoon to hold she mouth open and look at she tooth . dr . nash well , dessert be out of the question . Amy look concerned . 36 int . jake 's car - back to scene ( n2 ) 36 Jake and Amy laugh . amy what be you worst date ever ? jake it 's like a fifty - way tie . recently I go out with a lady who think we president 's name be '' the rock Obama . '' Jake notice something . brooklyn nine - nine " the Bet " shoot draft 10/25/13 24 . 36 continued : 36 jake hey , that people leave the door open . I bet that roof have a better vantage point . amy and I bet it do not smell like old cheese . jake hey . that 's offensive . it 's old meat . 37 int . bar - same ( n2 ) 37 Holt notice Sharon near the coat-check , berate Terry : sharon what else do not I know , terrance ? be you cooking meth ? be you breakin ' bad ? how many phone do you have ? Holt approach . holt I be sorry . I need to clarify something I say earlier . technically , sergeant jefford be correct when he say he choice to go back in the field that night be a impulse decision . he do not even take the time to stop and gear up -- sharon what ?! you be not wear you vest ? holt oh goodness . ohhhhhh my . I should not have say that . I feel I may have make thing worse . Charles burst upon the scene . charle wait ! I can fix this , Ray . ( off Holt 's look ) sorry , butt med , Ray . can not stop say Ray . Ray Ray Ray Ray . terry now 's not a good time , boyle -- Sharon put she hand over Terry 's mouth . sharon hush . I want to hear this . brooklyn nine - nine " the Bet " shoot draft 10/25/13 25 . 37 continued : 37 holt boyle , let 's not -- Charles put he hand over Holt 's mouth . charle hush . Truth time : ( to Sharon ) we love you husband . he 's a great cop . we will do anything to protect he . and you have incredibly attractive hand . Terry smile , smug . Charles whip around to face he . charle and you ! what the hell be you do , lie to you wife ?! unless you want to move into my ex- wife 's new boyfriend 's basement with I , you have to man up . do not you ever keep anything from this beautiful woman again ! ( then to Sharon ) seriously , you be beautiful . and if he ever lie to you again , you can call I . Terry turn to Sharon . terry I be sorry , honey . I just do not want to worry you . sharon hey . I be always gonna worry about you . but if you say you be ready , then get you ass back in the field . ( off Terry 's smile ) but next time you keep something from I , I will leave you for this short earnest man and he ex-wife 's new boyfriend 's apartment . charle I know you be kid , but hercules be actually a very good landlord . sometimes when they go on nice vacation , I be allow to use the hot tub . 38 ext . rooftop - night ( n2 ) 38 Jake look out over the city , heroically . then , a la batman : * jake * * sleep well , Brooklyn , for tonight I be you guardian . * brooklyn nine - nine " the Bet " shoot draft 38 continued : ( then ) I do not know how batman do it . this be so scary . Jake jump down . jake hey , can you hand I the binocular ? they be in my stakeout bag . she reach into he bag . amy you stakeout bag be 98 percent nut . jake yeah , I get snacky . nut be great for you , they do not have any fat . amy Jake , that 's not true at all . that be waaaay off base . they eat nut for a beat . Amy notice something . amy I think a pigeon just fly out of you car . jake oh . yeah , the window do not go up . amy I do not know why I fight so hard to get that car -- it 's kind of a piece of crap . honestly , why be you so into it ? jake you really want to know ? it remind I of my first time . Amy put she hand over she ear . amy ewwww ... jake no , not that , my first arrest . get you disgusting mind out of the gutter . ( then ) I be two day out of the academy . I be super nervous . I see a guy run out of a bodega with a handful of cash . 10/25/13 26 . 38 brooklyn nine - nine " the Bet " shoot draft 10/25/13 27 . 38 39 40 continued : ( 2 ) I chase he , on foot , for 11 block before I catch up to he . I take he down and cuff he against the hood of a car . a green ' 68 mustang . I look over ... ' for sale 's sign in the window . it be the best day of my life . so TI buy the car . ( off she smile ) and that 's when the debt begin . amy '' crush debt . '' ( off he smile ) I remember my first arrest . I be seven . int . amy childhood bedroom —- flashback - 1989 ( fbd ) young amy have her doll bust a transformer . young amy there be two way this can go down : the easy way or the hard way . the transformer bolt . her doll shoot it in the back . young amy oh yeah ?! bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! ext . rooftop - back to scene ( n2 ) jake the doll be in the right -- the robot be resisting arrest . amy that 's what I say . and the judge , a stuff owl , agree . he be later disbarre for accept bribe . I be a weird kid . Jake smile . amy you know , I do not think we have ever just sit down and have a real conversation . it 's kind of nice . nut ? Jake nod . she toss one in he mouth . he catch it . try to flip one in she mouth and fail miserably . jake dude . be you try to catch it in you nose ? 38 39 40 * she brooklyn nine - nine " the Bet " shoot draft 10/25/13 40 continued : 40 amy I get it . I get it . Jake 's phone ring and he check it . jake it 's Holt . keep practice . ( answer phone ) peralta . 41 int . bar / ext . rooftop - intercut ( n2 ) 41 holt good news , I find someone from the night shift to relieve you on you stakeout . Jake check he watch and think . jake +-.- I can still make it to Times Square ... Jake look back at Amy . she throw nut in the air and catch they . she miss every one . a beat , then : jake eh , that 's okay , Captain . do not send the relief team . we be already here , and I be kind of curious to see what happen . 42 ext . rooftop - continuous ( n2 ) 42 Jake walk back to Amy . amy what do Holt want ? jake just check in . how you do -- any better ? amy yup -- watch . she throw a bunch of nut into the air and catch three . amy the key be volume . jake awesome . volume I ! she throw a handful of nut at he face . end of act three 28 . brooklyn nine - nine " the Bet " shoot draft 10/25/13 29 . 43 44 act four ext . rooftop - later ( n2 ) 43 Jake and Amy . jake tell I the truth , if you have win my car would you really have destroy it ? amy no . I be gonna drive it ... so I could learn stick . it would have be like ... Amy mime use a stick and make grind noise . Jake cover he ear and laugh , torture . amy errreggggh . clunk ! errrrrr. clunk. errrr . oh no , I just scrape off the fender ! erreggh ... a truck pull up on the street below . Jake put he hand on Amy 's arm , point . jake look . there 's we guy . the truck back up against a load dock . two guy get out . amy what 's the play here ? jake just follow my lead . give I the ring . ( then ) now give I some nut . ( intense ) I be snacky . she take it off and hand it to he . ext . warehouse alley - continuous ( n2 ) 44 as the guy unload box from the truck , Jake walk up , look at a map program on he phone . jake you know what , honey , fine ! i’11 ask the guy , will that make you happy ?! he approach one of the thug . 44 brooklyn nine - nine " the Bet " shoot draft 10/25/13 continued : 44 jake Excuse I , sir -- perp we be kinda busy here . jake my girlfriend think we be lose . amy no . I know we be lose . I think he 's a idiot . jake idiot ?! you know why we be out here in the middle of the night , Susan ? Jake pull out the ring . the second guy walk over , curious . jake I be go to propose to you at midnight on the Brooklyn Bridge , where we meet . amy Brooklyn Bridge ?! we meet on the Manhattan Bridge ! you dumb moron ! jake you know what ? this be over . say goodbye to this ring and everything it stand for ! Jake throw the ring . amy oh ! you son of a bitch ! the two man hurry over . perp hey ! stop yell ! jake do not tell Susan what to -- now ! Amy and Jake pull out they gun and say : jake ( cont 'd ) amy get down ! nypd ! you be under arrest ! as they cuff the perp : jake Nice work . 30 . brooklyn nine - nine " the Bet " shoot draft 10/25/13 31 . 44 continued : ( 2 ) 44 amy you , too . alright , let 's go . jake uhhh , actually , I really need to find that ring -- it cost a fortune . 45 int . bar ~ coat check area - same ( n2 ) 45 Rosa be get she coat . Charles enter . charle hey , I need to talk to you . Rosa look around and realize she 's trap . rosa uh oh . it 's happen . charle remember when I take that bullet for you ? rosa okay , let 's do this . you be sweet , but -- he take a deep breath , then : charle I do not know it be you . when I jump in front of the bullet , I do not know who I be protect . I just see a gun and a nypd vest so I dove on instinct . Rosa be stunne . charle you have be extra nice to I because you think I risk my life for you , but I only do what every good cop would do . when you finally go out with I , and you will , it will be because I do thing that only Charles boyle would do . Charles turn on he heel and walk away , proud . Rosa be impressed . a beat later , he come back . charle um , actually , I leave my coat in -- it 's blue , calf -length . you know what ? I do not need it . he turn and walk away again , then return . brooklyn nine - nine " the Bet " shoot draft 10/25/13 32 . 45 46 47 continued : 45 charle but it be really cold . it 's -- I see it -- can we just switch ? they awkwardly switch place . int . holt 's office — the next morning ( d3 ) 46 Amy talk with Holt . holt excellent job on the stakeout last night . I be glad to see you two still work well together despite that ridiculous bet . amy thanks . I too . holt and I appreciate you turn down the relief team . I be not sure they would have be able to make that bust . amy yeah ... right ... relief team . Amy turn to exit and look at Jake at he desk . int . bullpen - coffee station ( d3 ) 47 Charles enter . gina walk up to he . gina hey , Charles , what do you think about scully 's shirt ? charle I think it 's really elegant . reveal : scully be wear a purple , suede shirt . gina he look like a eggplant . ( call off ) Captain Holt , Charles be back to normal , can I go home now ? holt ( 0.s. ) no . it 's nine be . gina walk away . Rosa pass . brooklyn nine - nine " the Bet " shoot draft 10/25/13 33 . 47 continued : 47 charle hey Rosa , I get a new shipment of bean . they be exquisite . want a cup ? rosa not even a little bit . Charles smile . she smile and exit . 48 int . bullpen - jake' desk — continuous ( d3 ) 48 Amy walk up to Jake . amy so ... sorry you lose so much money last night . guess you can add it to you list of bad date . jake Nah , it go on the good date list . you know -- ' cause we catch the bad guy . amy that 's a very mature way to look at it . jake well , I be a very mature man . a delivery guy enter . delivery guy Package for Amy santiago . amy that 's I ... jake oh no ! no , no , no , I forget to cancel - - the Delivery guy hit play on a boombox and strip for Amy . delivery guy special Delivery from Jake peralta ... to say , '' thanks for last night . '' jake I ’‘1l take this bullet for you , Amy ! Jake jump between Amy and the stripper , who grind on he . jake ew ! I deserve a Medal of valor for this ! end of show