bruce almighty by Steve koren &amp ; Mark o' keefe rewrite by Steve oedekerk 7/30/02 Shady acre entertainment int . kowolski be bakery - kitchen - day a news crew shuttle around a gigantic cookie . stand by be the kowolski brother , gustov and vol , two short , stocky , men , along with mother kowolski and other bakery family employee . a " 30 year anniversary " sign hang in the background . bruce nolan look into a make - up mirror , desperately try to place a large segment of wayward hair . bruce oh , God , no ! the hair 's wrong . this be a bad sign . ( call out ) we really need to get a make - up person ?! the segment producer , ally loman , step over . ally not in the budget . and not to * * worry , you be go to look great in this . she hold out a hair net . bruce a hair net ? I be not wear a hair net . I just do the hair . ally ( matter of fact ) Health code . in the kitchen or around the cookie , you gotta have it . bruce ( to crew : be hair net ) you guy 's should tell I this before hand , this be like a huge waste of ... moose . Bruce spread the hair net , bend down out of frame , come up look ridiculous and very disgruntled . bruce remind I to swing by a elementary * school after this and serve lunch . ally laugh . 2 . ally you be a thing of beauty . in three , two , one . . . Bruce snap from piss to instant charismatic tv newsman . ( note : whenever Bruce speak on camera he speak in he " reporter' voice " - that recognizable , too -smooth delivery that all news reporter seem to have . in mathematical term Bruce 's version be to the 7th power . ) bruce for three decade the kowolski family bakery have be a mainstay in downtown buffalo . known for they sinfully rich , cream fill , deep fry polski pierogis . and the occasional sugar induce coma that follow . today , in honor of they 30 year anniversary , momma kowolski and she son gustov and vol , decide to do something , a little bit different . tell I guy , how do this idea come about ? gustov well , vol say to I , ' gustov , why do not we make the biggest chocolate chip cookie in buffalo ? ' and I say , ' yeah , sure . ' bruce wow. fascinating . Bruce step up to the huge cookie . bruce the previous buffalo cookie record be 3 foot , 17 inch baked by gladys pelsnick . but this behemoth cookie clearly prove that gustov and vol have much more free time . the kowolski brother and all celebrate in the background , toast with big mug of milk . Bruce step forward , look dramatically at camera , slow zoom in as he speak . bruce ( cont 'd ) as we witness the ceremonial toast with milk it make one pause and think . what be we really look at here ? ( more ) 3. bruce ( cont 'd ) be it just a big cookie or do this cookie represent the pride of buffalo ? we dedicated and hard work citizen the key ingredient , with a few nut throw in . ( motion he eye to the kowolski twin ) and finally , the love of we family which provide the warm chewy center make we beloved buffalo the sweetest place to live . camera be in close as Bruce sign - off . bruce ( cont 'd ) and that 's the way the cookie crumble . I be Bruce nolan , eyewitness News . Bruce 's hair net slip up , puffing he hair into a bun on the top of he head . the kowolskis and bystander all laugh . the frame freeze . we pull back from the tv and find Bruce hold the remote , watch the record spot on tv . we be now ... int . bruce and grace's apartment - night Bruce be with he longtime girlfriend , grace . she have a box of photo on the coffee table in front of she organize they into a photo album . bruce so , what do you think ? grace it 's good . bruce it suck . it 's a story about a cookie . people with eat disorder will be rivete , ( go into huge pathetic fan character ) dear Bruce , love the bakery piece . I can not wait to vomit so I can make room for more cookie . grace I think it be funny . I love the hair net . how would you get it to do that ? 4. bruce what ? I be cut that . they make I wear that stupid thing . I do not even look like myself . the hair be one of the most important part of a on camera persona . right out of the gate , I lose the hair advantage . Grace look at a photo , grace oh , my gosh , look at this one . my sister be so drunk . she place it in the album . bruce Grace . try to stay focus here . I need you help . grace be not you take this a little too seriously ? bruce it 's sweep Grace . it be serious . there 's a anchor job open . this be important . this be we future ! Bruce point to the tv as he say " future , " not realize he 's point at the ridiculous image of himself with the hair net bun . Grace can not help but giggle . grace I be sorry . Bruce collapse into Grace 's arm like a child . he clearly have a fragile temperament . bruce ( sigh ) I be never go to get anchor do this kind of assignment . I want my work to matter . grace it do matter . you be funny . you make people smile . come on , take a break , help I put this album together . bruce ( reluctant ) alright . Grace hold up a photo . grace oh look at this . it 's the first day we move in together . it 's the two of they , young , laugh . bruce ( down ) yeah , so full of hope and dream . grace oh , here 's I at my sister 's wedding . I catch the bouquet . it 's a picture of Grace overpower the other bridesmaid for the bouquet . bruce you look pretty intense , hun . grace well , I be think about you . Grace cuddle into Bruce . bruce so , you be attract to I in some way , be that what you be try to say ? Grace roll over onto Bruce . grace you have no idea . bruce I be save myself for the wedding night , but if you keep this up , I may lose my resolve . Grace stand , pull Bruce up . grace well , that 's the way the cookie crumble . they kiss , stumbling toward the bedroom . 6 . bruce hey , that 's a good line , but you need more resonance . from the diaphragm . ( newscaster voice ) that 's the way the cookie crumble . grace oh , say it again . bruce ( bigger ) that 's the way the cookie crumble . grace ( sweet , southern groupie ) oh , I just love on - air personality . bruce ( newscaster voice ) well then , let I take this clothes off and slip into my hair net . Grace laugh , Bruce join in as they disappear into the bedroom . CUT to : a television screen we see the intro for sixty minute : news clip I be Ed Bradley , I be merely safer , a d I ' m -- leslie stahl be hit in the neck with a tranquilizer dart . her head waver , then drop on the desk . the camera pan to bruce , who lower a bamboo blow gun , cooly address camera . bruce ... Bruce nolan . and this be sixty Minutes . the sixty minute ticking clock dissolve to : bruce's alarm clock - it ring we be in . . . 7. int . bruce and grace's apartment - morning Bruce lie next to Grace with a big smile on he face . Grace hit the alarm , roll over snuggling close to Bruce . grace sweety , time to get up ... she kiss Bruce , get up . bruce no , I be have a great dream . the cover be ripped out of frame . Bruce throw a mock hissy fit . int . bedroom - morning Bruce watch tv as he button he shirt . sportscaster ... and the saber lose another close one last night . four to three to the Toronto maple leafs . bruce of course they lose , they be my team . CUT to : moment later Bruce check he hair in the mirror practice he new sign - off . bruce " and that 's the way the cookie crumble . " ( call to Grace ) you know , I think there might be something to that cookie line . everything great anchor have he own signature sign-off . ( as walter cronkite ) " and that 's the way the cookie crumble . " angle - SAM peeing in the corner on the carpet . 8. bruce oh no ! Grace , the dog ! grace ( o.s. ) I be in the shower ! bruce ah! int . apartment staircase Bruce run along carry the pee Sam with extend arm dodge a man ascend the stare , who get sprinkle . bruce whoops , sorry . ext . apartment - continuous Bruce make it outside , set Sam down on the grass . Sam look up innocently at Bruce , finish . bruce oh , you be all do , huh ? b-e-a-utiful . ext . SMALL wonder day care - morning Bruce pull up in he Ford tauras to a cluster of car unload kid . a 2003 mercede srl pass by . grace wow , nice car , huh ? bruce yeah , if you want to rub you success in people 's face . then Bruce notice a big medical van in front of the school with a blood drive sign . bruce what 's with the hubbub ? grace we be have a blood drive . bruce creepy . Needles , yech ... grace oh , that 's a nice response . 9 . bruce I mean , it 's just 's of . . . grace helpful and life save ? bruce c'mon , that 's you ... blood . it 's in you body and I do not think it 's suppose to come out . besides , they stockpile that stuff . they have a endless supply freeze in a warehouse somewhere then tell everyone there 's a shortage . grace they do not . now stop it . I be * give . I have a very rare blood * type , ab positive . bruce well , I be ib positive . ib positive they aint touchin ' I with no needle . Grace sigh in exasperation , start out when ... grace ( suddenly remember something ) o. . . h she place a string of prayer bead on the rearview mirror . bruce what 's that ? grace prayer bead . the kid make them . keep you safe . bruce well , I hope they work , cause it 's go take a miracle to get I to work on time . ext . highway - day Bruce be stick in bumper to bumper traffic . he stare at the prayer bead with a " thanks alot " look . 10 . a big accident ahead . Bruce look at he watch , he 's screw . a person be carried by on a stretcher , Bruce be oblivious . bruce this be just my luck . Bruce 's beeper sound . he check it . bruce . the meeting 's start , perfect ... ( think ) screw it . he look to the right of the car in front of he , then peel off onto the shoulder , pass ton of car . bruce ( laugh ) catch you later , lemming 1 it 's kill or be kill , only the strong survive , no gut , no glory 1 sfx : siren Bruce pull over , fume . bruce ( look heavenward ) thank you . ext . parking lot - day Bruce screech into a space , race out of the car , bump over a trash can , go back to pick it up , see a homeless man who sit peacefully next to a paint bucket and sign board . the various " warning " change daily . today 's sign read : R ewe blind ? Bruce look at the sign quizzically for a beat , then continue on . int . newsroom - day Bruce rush through the newsroom , round a corner and run right into bobby , the endlessly yammer pastry cart guy . 1 . 1 bobby Bruce the goose ! Morning , buddy . do not even move , I get something ' special today . my mom make it just for you . bruce well , that 's - Bobby , I gotta go - I be late ... bobby ( bend down ) you like quiche ? he come back up , proudly present a slice of quiche . bobby you know , contrary to popular belief the quiche be actually invent by the mayan , then steal by the french . they shoulda say , " hey , that quiche be not yours , it 's mayan ! " Bobby belt out a laugh . bruce Bobby , I can not , I -- bobby just taste it , taste it ... Bobby shove a bite into Bruce 's mouth . Bruce feign like it with exasperation . bruce mmm , delicious , I really gotta go . bobby that 's a buck seventy - five . bruce can you get Kelly - ahh ... Bruce toss the think , dig into he pocket , fishing for cash . bobby ( excited ) oh , two o'clock , two o'clock , two - of - five , two -ten ... 12 . Bruce glance over , annoyed but freeze at the sight of sexy anchorwoman , susan ortega across the room . bobby Way out of we league , huh ? Bruce offer he money to Bobby . bobby you know , I see they editing you cookie piece . bruce really ? bobby they must have get high or something , cause they be orderin ' everything , I have . hey , how long have you be interested in pastry ? ' Cause I have get a aunt who make baklava twenty layer deep . bruce ( hold money out ) Bobby . bobby ( get a brilliant idea ) maybe you could do a story on she ! Bruce toss the money on the cart , head off . bruce keep the change . bobby ( call after ) I will give she a call , we will talk about it later ! int . staff meeting room - day on the monitor : evan be something kill you kid ? find out tonight at eleven . Bruce look at the sign quizzically for a beat , then continue on . 13 . in the room the morning meeting be well in progress . lead the group be the station manager and Bruce 's boss , jack keller , 50' , a constant furrow in he brow . also in the room : Bruce 's fellow field reporter and rival evan baxter , 30 ' 's , a walk statement . impeccable posture , perfect speech , perfect everything and he know it . fred donohue , the ever jovial sport reporter ; always tan , vain weatherman , dallas coleman and segment producer ally loman . jack okay , promo be approve , let 's -- ally ah , be not that last one a little misleading ? I mean , the story 's about flu shot . do we have to scare people to death ? evan no , just into watch . or I could change it to : " slow news day , come yawn with we . at eleven . " fred sniffle at eleven be nice . dallas attack of the killer sniffles ? ally ( to Dallas ) the tanning booth be start to zap you brain , you know that ? dallas I do not use a tanning booth . a beat and they all crack up . fred * come on . you be turn orange . * evan * he look Florida ripe to I . . * more laugh . * 14 . jack I would have swore I already say this , but promo be approve . now * can we move on ? * ally Jack , should not the promo be * focus on Pete 's retirement . this be he last week . evan ( lead ) yeah , yeah . any word on the open anchor position , Jack ? jack Evan , you ' 11 know something when I know something . Bruce burst into the room . the meeting stop . Jack do not need to say anything , he just look at he watch . bruce sorry , Jack . it be not my fault . the traffic be -- you guy already play the spot ? jack Nice story , Bruce , but we be go with Evan 's piece on the sex scandal at the mayor 's office for sweep . this hit Bruce hard . a beat of silence . evan and that 's the way the cookie crumble . the other chuckle . only ally remain sympathetic . evan I be just messin ' with you , Bruce . see you have get to remember that the news room be like a cookie ... more laugh . bruce ( be : Evan 's perfect posture ) that 's great Evan . ( more ) 15 . bruce ( cont would ) be you be posture naturally that good , or do you have to shove a stick up there ? jack okay , knock it off ... Bruce we be hold you story in reserve . now , can we get back to the board so we have something to air today ? Jack continue with assignment . Evan sit smugly , as Bruce slide down into he chair , deflate . int . hallway - moment later Jack be at Bobby 's cart , pay for a sandwich . Bruce catch up .to he . bruce Jack , Jack , hey . can I talk to you for a second ? jack sure , Bruce . what do you need ? bruce sweep . Jack take he sandwich and leave . Bobby lean to Bruce . bobby do not worry about it . I call my aunt , we be on . Bruce look at Bobby , continue after and catch Jack . bruce look , Jack . hear I out , I be get desperate man , I be push forty and what have I get to show for it ? the point be , I have hit some kind of a ceiling here . some kind of anti-bruce barrier I and Evan be just lovin ' it , by the way . he get the good storey , he get on sweep . maybe I have to be more like Evan . jack you do not want to be like Evan . Evan 's a asshole . bruce I can be a asshole . 16 . jack no , Bruce . you can not . Bruce think , then flip Jack 's sandwich plate over . it scatter on the floor . Jack and Bruce stare at each other for a beat . jack be you go to pick that up ? bruce yeah , I be sorry . Bruce bend down , start pick up Jack 's food . bruce it 's just - this anchor position loom , it 's get I nut ... he hand the plate to Jack , as sexy anchorwoman susan ortega saunter by . jack bruce hi , Susan . hi , Susan . susan ortega hi , Jack . Bruce blanch at this obvious snubbing . jack look , Bruce . you be a good reporter . you make people laugh . God know today we can use it . Bruce slump , he 's hear this a thousand time before . * jack * ( beat ) alright , tell you what . it 's the * 23rd anniversary of the maid of the mist . I want you at Niagara Falls in a hour . bruce maid of the mist . that 's always live . jack yep. bruce Evan get the live feed . 17 . jack well now you and Evan get the live feed . bruce I be go live . in sweep . jack yes , but watch yourself , Bruce . I have see you outtake . Bruce hug Jack , press the sandwich against he chest . bruce yes 1 you will not regret this , Jack . ( release Jack ) I will not forget you when I go national . Bruce take off , Jack look down , peel the sandwich off he chest . we hear child 's joyous shriek ... int . SMALL wonder day care - day a couple dozen kide play at Grace 's self - starter business , a one room day care center fill with child and toy . Grace turn , react . grace Martin , be you eat the glitter again ? on martin - a adorable hispanic boy he shake he head " no . " grace Martin . open you mouth . abra su boca . he do . his tongue sparkles with glitter . grace oh , you be not huh ? well , then you have get a bad case of liberace . Grace 's sister , Debbie , enter . she 's wear a nurse 's outfit . her youngest , zoe , 3 , run over to greet she . zoe mommy1 18. grace they do not teach you Spanish in nursing school , do they ? debbie well , it seem like they be speak a foreign language sometimes , but no . problemo ? grace Martin have decide to explore new food group . ( back to Martin ) Martin , this be for art . like this . she spread paste on the paper , sprinkle glitter . debbie be it so wrong to tie they up ? grace D eb -- ma rt i n! Martin be bust with the paste spreader stick in he mouth . Grace snatch it . grace okay , go rinse you mouth with water . lave su boca . go. ( to Debbie ) I swear that kid be go to poop a ornament . debbie ( laugh ) you be good with they , you know . you should have some of you own . grace do not start ... debbie free milk cow . grace Debbie , do not call I that . debbie if the moo fit . the phone ring . 19 . grace save by the bell . grab that for I , will you ? Debbie do . debbie small wonder Day Care . ext . niagara fall - day Bruce be on he cell phone , while the news crew race around , set up for the report . the fall roar behind he and the mate of the mist sightseeing boat be in the b.g. bruce Grace ? intercut day care and fall debbie ( cheery ) no , it 's Debbie . the sister who 's life you be not waste . grace hey . Grace grab the phone . debbie ( feign innocent ) what ? grace sorry , honey . my sister seem to think she 's my mother . where be you ? bruce ( fly high ) oh , a little place call the winner circle . I be at the Falls do a " live " report . grace live ? that 's greatI bruce yep , it 's happenin ' , hun . I get sweep and I be live . you know what that mean ? ( more ) 20 . bruce ( cont would ) they be see if I can think on my foot , like you might have to do in a live news anchor situation . grace oh , my gosh . bruce this be happen for we , Grace . what we have always talk about . Jack practically come out and tell I . Grace quickly switch gear . she experience the premature - celebration before . grace wait , what do you mean practically ? bruce well , he do not spell it out , but this be exactly what happen to Susan ortega right before she be bump up to the desk . grace ( be cautious ) I just want to make sure we be not get too ahead of ourselves . bruce I totally agree , but in the mean time you should start think about what coast you want to live on . ally interrupt , indicate the time . bruce oh , they be call I , I gotta go . grace good luck , honey . I love you . * bruce * I love you . * ( hang up ) * Debbie turn to Grace . * debbie * moooo . * 21 . grace * stop it . * ext . niagara fall - maid of the mist boat - day ally hustle Bruce toward the bow of the boat , as he place he ear piece . ally they want you close to the fall . bruce what for ? I will get soak . ally that 's the point . they want you to hold up this . she hand Bruce a very stupid look , blue " fall " shape umbrella with the maid of the mist insignia . ally part of the condition of we get the exclusive . Bruce take the umbrella . ' ' bruce Lovely . glad I wear my tap shoe . ally remember , this be they 23rd anniversary . capacity be 59 . they cater to tourist , honeymooner . . . bruce and people who be insanely ' * thirsty , I get it . * ally and you will be interview irene dansfeild ... she position a very , very old woman next to Bruce . ally ... she ride on the maiden voyage with she late husband . okay , 90 * second . Bruce look upward at the ridiculous umbrella . mutter encouragement to himself . 22 , bruce 90 second , go live . think anchor , think dignity , ( glance up toward umbrella ) ignore umbrella . just have fun . CUT to : the live feed in the camera truck at the fall some of the crew member watch the feed . on tv Pete fineman be report . pete fineman ... but because of the fast response by we local fire fighter , the toxic chemical be clean up without incident . Susan . the female co - anchor , susan ortega : susan Bruce nolan be stand by at Niagara Falls with a report on the maid of the mist sightseeing boat , but before we go live to Bruce , we have a announcement to make . as everyone know , after 33 year , we beloved Pete fineman be retire . Pete smile a proud , heart - feel smile . susan Pete 's shoe be virtually impossible to fill , but the show must go on . and we could think of no one better than we very own Evan baxter . on bruce listen to the feed . his face goe white . he stand in shock . Evan be seat next to Susan . 23. susan congratulation , Evan . look like we will be sit side by side from now on . evan thanks , Susan . I ' m thrilled and honore . like you say , no one can replace the great Pete fineman , but I will do my best . I have to say I be so proud to be a part of we local community . of buffalo . I think a great city be a lot like a great recipe really . put in some hard work citizen , add some care giver , maybe a few nut ... the other news anchor and Evan himself chuckle at " he " joke . Bruce listen on the feed , beyond stunne . evan ( cont 'd ) all sprinkle with the strength and love of we good family , that ultimately create a sweet place to live . thank you . susan ( touch ) wow . that be amazing . and now let 's go live to wacky Bruce nolan out at Niagara Falls . ext . niagara fall - continuous Bruce stand like a deer in headlight , drench , hold the ridiculous umbrella . ally sig nal Bruce he 's on . he stare into camera , numb . int . SMALL wonder day care - same time the kid be go . Grace watch the tv with a few other teacher . she 's concerned . grace talk honey , talk . int . studio control room - continuous Jack rush in , look at Bruce on the monitor . jack what 's go on ? 24 . director we have get a Walt Disney . console operator frozen solid . jack he may not have audio . check he feed , have Susan cover . int . studio control room - continuous Susan react to the message in she ear piece . susan we may be have a bit of technical difficulty ... Evan smile in the background , clearly enjoy himself . int . studio control room - continuous console operator feed 's good , Jack . jack come on , Bruce , talk damn - it ... okay , get ready to pull the plug . int . SMALL wonder care - day grace please baby , say something ... ext . niagara fall - continuous like pop out of a coma , Bruce surge in . surprisingly , seem very up and fine . bruce thank you , Susan 1 Bruce nolan here aboard the maid of the mist at Niagara fall . int . SMALL wonder day care - continuous grace thank you , God . 25 , int . studio control room - continuous jack ( sigh relief ) thank God . Jack pat the director 's shoulder , head out of the room . ext . niagara fall - continuous bruce first off , " I want to add another congratulation to Evan baxter . it 's good to see what someone with real talent can accomplish when great opportunity be give to he instead of I . ( still smile ) anyway , I be here , I believe with Katherine hepburn 's mom . tell I , why do you toss the blue " heart of the ocean " jewel over the railing of Titanic ? the Old woman do not know what to say . bruce do you feel guilty at all let Leonardo decaprio freeze , while you be safe float on the big door ? do you think he would have survive if you have take turn , or be you too afraid to freeze you big fat ass off ? int . studio control room - continuous Jack rocket back into the room . jack do I just hear ..? bruce well , I guess that 's the way life work , be not it ? some people be drench , freezing to death , on a stupid boat , with a stupid umbrella ... ( heave the umbrella ) while other who be not fit to kiss my willy , be sit in a nice , comfy news room , suck up all the glory 111 26 . int . SMALL . wonder day care - continuous grace this be not happen . this be not happen ... ext . niagara fall - continuous Bruce take off walk , the camera follow . bruce now , let speak to the owner . come on in here , Bill . Bill shake he head " no " as Bruce pull he into frame . bruce Bill , you . have be run the maid of the mist for 23 year . tell I , why do you think I do not get the anchor job ? bill hey , man , I do not want any -- bruce do you think it 's my hair ? ( Bruce mess he hair like crazy ) maybe my tooth be not white enough ? or like the great fall , be the bedrock of my life slowly errode underneath I . ( move closer to camera , to a inch away ) erroding . erroood . errodiiieng ... int . news room - day all work have stop . stun staffer stare at the monitor . int . studio control room - continuous Jack stand with he jaw drop , snap out of it . jack alright , cut the feed ! cut to black if you have to . control booth operator I be on it . 27 . ext . niagara fall - continuous Bruce be now lick the camera lens . he step back and sign -off . smooth as silk . bruce I be Bruce nolan for eyewitness news . back to you fucker 1 int . studio control room - .continuous Susan ortega stare freeze blankly into camera . smash CUT to : ext . office build - day Bruce be tossed out the front door , he box of possession spilling on the ground . Bruce flail at the building . ext . parking lot - day Bruce carry he box to he car , when he hear a noise . a street gang be hassling the homeless sign guy . push he around , break and painting over he sign . instinctively , Bruce walk over . bruce hey , come on guy . what be you doin ' ? just leave he alone . they turn , look at Bruce , laugh and head off . Bruce help the sign guy up , look after the gang . bruce yeah , you would better keep walkin' . they stop cold , turn back to Bruce and charge at he . Bruce attempt to run , but they leap on he in a big dog pile , swinging and kick . Bruce be leave with a bloody lip , lie beside he car . we hear the sound of smash glass and scratch metal and the gang run off . Bruce slowly get up . reveal Bruce 's car , window's smashed , paint scraped and the word " hero " key scratched on the door . bruce b-e-a-utiful . ( look up ) ( more ) 28 . bruce ( cont would ) just what you get for try to help someone . Bruce get in , pull out of the parking lot pass the homeless man who sit beat up hold a scrawle out sign " life be . just " bruce get a clue , buddy . int . bruce and grace's apartment - night Bruce be pace , hold a ice pack to he swollen lip . grace thank God you be alright . bruce God , yeah . let 's thank God . thanks for everything , Lord . I be so honore that my horrible demise be a part of you loving and mysterious plan . grace Bruce , do not talk like that . bruce oh , do not worry , he 's not listen . if he be he do not care . have you see the news lately ? we get gang , we get drug , we get corruption . what kind of God let that happen ? every time we cure a disease he come up with a new one ! ( go into God character ) yeah , be this the lab ? yeah , it 's God . they have just come up with a treatment for syphilis down there . I think it 's time to release the taint monkey . oh , and there 's a guy in Ohio who 's praying for strength and wisdom , blind he and cut off he leg . grace so God be torture we ? bruce think about it , Grace . God be all - powerful . he could fix everything in five minute if he want to . ( more ) 29 . bruce ( cont would ) but he do not want to . he do not like I . Sam start peeing on the rug . bruce oh , perfect ! ( to the dog ) but you be aim be not so good , I be over herel grace Bruce , please . this be not he fault . bruce of course not . ( hushed tone ) it 's part of the mysterious plan . Grace put Sam outside . returns , try to calm Bruce . grace honey , you be mad right now . it 's understandable . and what Evan do be slimy and wrong . but you job do not matter to I . you matter to I . you could have really be hurt . I be just glad you be okay . bruce okay ? News flash : I be not okayi and I be not okay with the fact that you think everything be okay . I be not okay with a mediocre job . I be not okay with a mediocre apartment . I be not okay with a mediocre life ! Bruce angrily swipe at the table knock the photo and the photo album to floor . grace be that what you have , Bruce ? a mediocre life ? well , I be sorry for be a piece in you mediocre puzzle . bruce terrific . I be drown and you throw I a brick ! Grace start to cry . 30 . bruce perfect ! I will have the worst day of my life with a side order of guilt , please . I -- I do not need this . Bruce grab he key and head out . int . car - night it 's raining now . Bruce drive , go nowhere in particular . his frustration be turn to desperation . bruce okay , God . you want I to talk to you ? then talk back . tell I what 's go on ? what should I do ? give I a sign ... Bruce pass a blinking yellow caution light , do not notice . . . bruce I be right here . speak to I . a pedestrian step into the crosswalk , step back out of the way . pedestrian slow down , asshole ! Bruce be oblivious . bruce all I need be some guidance . please send I a signal . a truck transporting various road sign pull in front of br uce . F we way 's , bli nki no . the va rie d 's ign be ad : yi eld , wrong Way , Dead end , do not enter , stop . bruce oh well , I guess you do not care . Bruce spot the prayer bead hang on the rearview mirror . bruce okay , we will do it you way . ( pull the bead from the mirror ) Lord , I need a miracle . please help I . 31 . he hit a bump and the bead drop to the floor . Bruce reach down , fish for the bead ... bruce come on , where would you go ? ( hold they up in triumph ) ah ha ! ahhh ! and bam!11 bruce's car slam into a light post . ext . STREET - lake eerie - continuous Bruce stumble out , survey he demolish car , then look at the bead in he hand . he begin to laugh maniacally . he spot the lake , start run toward it like a madman , heave the prayer bead into the lake . he look heavenward , challenging the infinite . bruce okay , if that 's the way you want it . the glove be off , pal ! let I see a little wrath ! smite I oh mighty smiteri what , no pestilence no boil ? come on , you get I on the rope , do not you want to finish I off ?! you be the one who should be fire ! the only one around here not do he job be you ! what be we , you be little pet project ? a hobby you tinker with now and again ? answer I . answer I !!! a beat of silence then Bruce 's beeper goe off . he cynically chuckle at the timing , check it , see 772-5623 . bruce sorry , do not know you , would not call you if I do . Bruce walk off toward he wreck car , it beeps again . CUT to : close on - a alarm clock the beeping continue . we be in . . . int . bruce and grace's apartment - bedroom - morning Bruce wake , slap at the alarm clock , groggy , reach for the phone , finally realize it 's the beeper . he get up , begrudgingly , check it . the same number . 32 . bruce well , hello again 772-5623 , do not hold you breath . Bruce toss the pager on the bed , head for the bathroom . the beeper beeps . Bruce stop in he track , turn , open the window , grab the beeper and fire it out . it shatter against a telephone pole . he calmly continue to the bathroom . int . bathroom a note be stick in the bathroom mirror , with a old picture of he and Grace in happier time . the note simply say : " I love you . we need to talk . Grace " peer over top of the note , Bruce see Sam circle on the rug . bruce oh , no . ext . stair well - continuous Bruce run down the stair carry the trickle , Sam . ext . apartment - day Bruce set Sam on the grass . Sam look up , finish . bruce what 's the point ? beep , beep , beep ... Bruce walk over to the shattered beeper . he pick up a small piece of it contain the LED read out : 772-5623 on bruce - amazed CUT to : int . bruce and grace's apartment - moment later a phone - bruce dial the number a prerecorded voice answer 33. computerize voice denied that promotion at work ? be life unfair ? everywhere you turn be there someone less talented than you reap all the benefit ? be you name Bruce ? then do we have the job for you . we be locate at 77256 23rd Street ... Bruce reach for a pen , begin jotting down the address . computerize voice so come on down , or we will just keep beepin ' ya . ext . warehouse - day a old building on the outskirt of town . a fade sign paint on the wall read , omni present . Bruce 's demolish car enter frame . he study the area and building suspiciously . Bruce cautiously move towards the structure and then , step in a puddle . he sink up to he knee . bruce perfect . he get out , shake off he sopping leg , and head inside . int . omni present - day Bruce enter and check the build directory . it read : omni present unltd . pers onnel rm. 7 ac coun ting rm. 7 Security rm . 7 creativ e rm. 7 voice ( o.s. ) you be look for room 7 . Bruce turn to see a janitor mop the floor . he look at Bruce 's wet leg , offer the mop . janitor want I to even that up for you ? 34 . bruce ( feign a smile ) how would I get to room 7 ? janitor that would be on the seventh floor . stair be right over there . bruce what about the elevator ? he point to a elevator bank a couple of step away . janitor out of order . Bruce head for the stair . janitor you mind give I a hand with this floor ? bruce what ? yeah , I mind . he continue on . seventh floor the stairwell door open up to a large room with a single desk at the end of a otherwise empty space . Bruce hear someone tinkering atop a tall ladder extend into a hole in the ceiling . bruce Excuse I . hello . I be , ah , look for whoever run this joint ... man ( o.s. ) be right with y.a , just fixin ' a light . tell I if it 's work ? click and a insanely bright white light illuminate , shine down blind Bruce . bruce yep , seem to be . ( wiping he eye ) kinda bright , though . 35 . a electrician , silhouett in the bright light , descend the ladder . man ( o.s. ) yeah , it be for most people . they spend they life in the dark ... as he talk he step down next to Bruce and we see that it be the same janitor . janitor ( cont 'd ) . . . thinkin ' they can hide from I . the two stand , angelically illuminate . Bruce try to put everything together . bruce oh , the elevator 's break , huh ? janitor yeah , but I will get around to it . the janitor clap he hand twice and the light go off . bruce you install a clapper ? janitor nope . catchy jingle , though . ( sing ) clap on . clap off . clap on , clap off . the clapper . ( clap twice ) you can not get it out of you head . bruce I gotta go . janitor okay , but the boss ' 11 be right out . the janitor unzip he uniform , revealing a very nice suit . he extend he hand to Bruce . janitor you must be Bruce . I have be expect you . bruce oh , this be hilarious . so you be the boss and the electrician and the janitor . 36 . janitor nothin ' wrong with rollin ' up you sleeve , son . people underestimate the benefit of good 'ol manual labor . there 's freedom in it . happiest people in the world stink like hell at the end of the day . he stroll down the room , take a seat behind the big desk . janitor you father know that . he be a damn good welder . Bruce approach the desk . bruce how do you know my father ? and how do you get my pager number ? janitor oh , I know a lot about you Bruce . pretty much everything there be to know . everything you have ever say , do or think about doin' , be right there in that file cabinet . he point out a single drawer file cabinet . bruce ( sarcastic ) wow , a whole drawer . just for I ? mind if I take a look ? janitor it 's you life . Bruce pull the drawer and it fly OPEN , dragging he the full length of the room -- the janitor casually pull a file . janitor now this last entry be a little disturbing . he thump the file cabinet with he fist and the drawer dramatically suck close , dragging bruce back . the janitor read from the file . janitor ( read , scan ) thanks for everything , Lord . ( more ) 37 . janitor ( cont would ) I be so honore that my horrible demise be a part of you loving and mysterious plan .. the glove be off , pal .. smite I oh mighty smiter . ( aside ) I be not much for blasphem but that one make I laugh . oh , and let 's not forget " what kind of a God would let this happen ? I mean , have you see then news lately ? " Bruce stand , daze . · bruce who be you ? janitor I be the creator of the heaven and the earth . I be the alpha &amp ; omega . the first and the last . bruce sorry , it 's not ringing a bell . janitor / GOD I be God , Bruce . bruce oh , you be God . well that explain everything 1 that 's how you know everything about I . that 's how you get up to the seventh floor so quickly . ( placate ) well , it 's really nice to meet you . thanks for the Grand Canyon and , ah , good luck with the apocalypse . Bruce turn to leave , but find himself walking right toward GOD and he desk . he try again , and again . bruce okay , I do not know how you be do that , but I really gotta go . this place be obviously rig in some way . we be on some freaky hide camera show . ( play to the " camera " ) ... for which I will not sign a release , by the way ! but you know what , I would be a little more impressed if you do not use the cheesy file cabinet illusion . ( more ) 38 . bruce ( cont would ) everyone with a brain in they head would know that the drawer be be · feed through the wall from behind -- Bruce pull the file cabinet from the wall , see it have a normal back . bruce okay . that 's good . that 's a good one . Bruce quickly put he hand behind he back . bruce okay , God . how many finger be I hold out ? Bruce extend three finger . GOD Three . he quickly pull one finger in . GOD two. Bruce begin switch finger rapidly . God do not miss a beat . GOD four. nine . six. eight. one ... one final attempt , Bruce hold seven finger . bruce okay , how about now . he quickly pull in two finger . GOD Seven . . bruce ah hal Bruce proudly present he single hand of five extend finger to God , then immediately notice he have seven finger on he one hand . bruce aaahhhl 39 , he shake he finger wildly and the two extra finger disappear . God approach Bruce . GOD you have be do a lot of complain about I , Bruce . and quite frankly , I be tired of it ... Bruce back away from god. bruce you stay away from I ! I do not know what you do . but whatever you be do be probably actionable ! GOD well , that 's not very neighborly . I bring you here to offer you a job . bruce job ? wh at job ? GOD my job . you think you can do it better , so here 's you chance . when you leave this building you will be endow with all my power . bruce sure , whatever you say , pal . he turn to go but GOD stand before he in the janitor uniform , hold the mop . GOD all the power of God . Bruce glance back at the empty desk , turn back again and God the janitor have also vanish . a beat , then Bruce sprint out of the room . ext . omni present - day Bruce barrel out of the building -- bruce okay , that do not happen . he race to he car step in the same puddle , but this time he foot do not sink , he walk right across it . he paus es for or a bea t -- 40 . bruce no . he race on . int . bruce's car Bruce jump in , turn the key , the car turn over but do not start . bruce I be have a breakdown . that 's what it be . just a normal , everyday psychotic episode , bring on by tumor or brain lesion ... we hear the car wind down to nothing . Bruce release the key pound the steering wheel in frustration . bruce ( to the car ) come on , startI the car instantly start . bruce ( denial ) well , that be lucky . Bruce back up , peel out . music up : " he's got the whole world in he hand " ext . CITY street Bruce drive , whistling the tune , catch himself , immediately stop whistling . bruce okay , just relax here . I do not meet God and I do not have he power . ( laugh ) if that be God , then I be mario andretti . instantly , Bruce 's car peel out , race through traffic , dodging and pass car right and leave . bruce aaahhhhhhhh !j! 41 . suddenly there be a guy in a red pit crew suit stand before Bruce wave a red flag . Bruce swerve to avoid the man and screech into a pit stop . several other red-suite italian man engulf the car . Bruce watch in amazement as the professional racing team jack up he car , slap on huge mag tire , gas he up , etc . paul newman lean into the driver 's window . paul newman hey mario , do you get that box of dress I send you ? Bruce respond against he will in perfect italian -- bruce ( in perfect italian ) Si , dovete venire sopra per il pranzo un certo tempo . ( subtitles : yes , you must come over for dinner some time . ) Bruce react shocked . the crew back off and urge he on in italian . pit crew vete l ve Tel Bruce 's car peel out on it 's own , he struggle to control the wheel , finally pull over to a curb . his car door will not open so he have to crawl out of the driver 's window . he rush onto the sidewalk , back away from he normal look tauras . not know what to do , he slip into a diner . int . diner - day Bruce quickly walk to a back corner booth . the only other patron be a old man seat at the counter . bruce it be not real , it be not real , it be not real ... a older . Sally kirkland - type waitress , order pad in hand , stand listen to Bruce with a raise eyebrow . bruce oh hi , ah , coffee please . the waitress pour he a cup . 42 . waitress we have get a special on soup today . bruce no , that 's okay . waitress it 's tomato . bruce alright , okay . she head off . Bruce sit think . could it be real ? he look at the sugar down at the end of the table , hold out he hand and the sugar slide across the table right into he hand . the creamer slide into he other hand . Bruce be half scared , half thrilled . he pour some cream and sugar into he cup , look around the table . bruce Excuse I I need a spoooo ... Bruce choke up a spoon into he hand , wipe it off with he napkin . bruce that 's alright , I find one . the Old man eye Bruce suspiciously , get up and move further down the counter . the waitress set down the soup , head off , then turn back . waitress I lie to my sister . bruce what ? waitress ( become emotional ) and I be sleep with my best friend 's husband . I know he 's just use I but .. I be just so tired of be alone . I do not know why I be tell you all this . just seem like you would understand . bruce okay . 43. waitress ( set the check down ) take care of that whenever you be ready . Bruce look at the soup . his look grow intense . he slowly raise he hand over the soup bowl .... music up : the ten commandment theme the front door blow open , as a wind swirl through the diner and with all the flourish of mose at the Red Sea , bruce part he red soup . a little cockroach scurries across the table , climb up the edge of the bowl and walk through to the other side . GOD ( o.s. ) havin ' fun ? Bruce be startle and the soup splashes back to normal collapse on the cockroach . he look up at God stand beside the booth . Bruce be now awestruck . bruce you - he - thy ... GOD let 's take a walk . ext . lake erie - day God lean down , let the little soup cover cockroach go . God and Bruce then walk along the lake shore . GOD ( be : the cockroach ) most people want to kill this guy . I be quite fond of they ' . very streamline design . like little armored tank . y'know , they can hold they breath for forty minute and they cell divide only once per molt cycle create a cytoskeleton with cell adhesion that ... ( catch himself ) oh , this be a bit over you head , be not it ? off Bruce 's look . 44 . GOD okay , let I explain the rule . bruce rule ? GOD yeah , you leave in such a rush I do not get a chance to explain . bruce well the two extra finger freak I out a little bit . GOD ( laugh ) I figure that would get you attention .. I do the same thing to ghandi , he could not eat for three week . now , here 's the deal . you have all my power . use it any way you choose . there be only two rule . you can not tell anyone you be God . believe I you do not want that kind of attention . and you can not mess with free will . bruce uh huh . can I - ask why ? GOD ( excited ) yes you can . that 's the beauty it . suddenly a large sailboat sail pass right by they . Bruce look to the sail , oddly , then ... wide angle - reveal God and Bruce be now walk on the lake about 100 foot from the shore . they watch the sailboat pass . Bruce be awestruck . bruce this be amazing . GOD oh , speak of amazing ... God dip he hand in the Lake and pull out the prayer bead . he pocket they as he talk . 45 . GOD since you be finish with this , I think I will hang to them . might come in handy someday . wide master - BUFFALO CITY -scape God and Bruce be tiny figure on the river , as God begin to walk away . GOD I will be seein ' ya . bruce where be you go ? GOD I be take a vacation . bruce God can not take a vacation . can he ? can you ? GOD ever hear of the Dark Ages ? besides , I be cover . you can fix everything in five minute if you want to , right ? on bruce bruce ... right . Left alone , Bruce begin to carefully tip toe back to shore , progress to a full sprint . int . grocery store - day Grace and Debbie stand at the check - out stand . Grace flip through a celeb magazine , as Debbie place the last few item from the cart to the conveyor belt . in the background , throughout , Debbie 's daughter , Zoe be grab random item off the shelf and place they on the belt . grace ( be : magazine ) gosh , this girl be so talented and all they ever talk about be she hair . 46 . debbie yeah , she should marry somebody famous , take the focus off . Grace check she cell phone screen . debbie we would have hear it ring . grace I know . it 's just that he usually call during the day . debbie he just need to blow off some steam , he will be fine . grace I hope so . I have never see he * that mad . a d I lash back -- * debbie wow , you lash ? you never lash . I be impressed . grace I feel bad for he . he 's want anchor for so long . Zoe begin pull group of item onto the belt . debbie well , I have be praying to win the lottery for fifteen year , but it 's not go to happen . you know , it 's not all about money . the clerk finish ringing the last item . clerk that will be four hundred and twenty - seven , eighty . - debbie what ?! Debbie look in a bag , pull out a handful of various counter item . Zoe giggle and proudly hold up one of the hundred or so tic-tac mint container . debbie Zoe. ( to clerk ) ( more ) 47 . debbie ( cont would ) hang on , I might need you to un - check a few thing . the people in line hem and haw , exasperate . guy in line come on , lady . debbie ( snap ) hey , everybody back - off i Zoe laugh , enjoy the commotion . grace listen , I better get back . I want to be there for he . debbie you be a saint , Grace . grace what can I say , I love he . and if I know Bruce , he 's out there wander around with the weight of the world on he shoulder . CUT t0 : ext . CITY street - dusk Bruce strut down the street the embodiment of confidence . he turn shoot a finger at a fire hydrant , it blast water . kide run off they front step , start play . a pretty girl in a dress , come ' walk toward he . as she pass he blows a little AIR out of the corner of he mouth and turn to watch she skirt fly up . bruce and he see that it be good . he spot a mannequin in a store window display , wear a cool , casu al outfit . he close he eye . when he open they , he's wearing the cool new outfit and the mannequin be dress in he clothes . he check he reflection . . . better . Bruce round the corner , see the same gang that beat he up , hang out in the alley . bruce b-e-a-utifull 48 . ext . alley Bruce approach the gang . bruce hey guy , remember I ? the gang member turn to Bruce . hood # 1 oh look , it 's the hero . hood # 2 hungry for another can of whoop - ass ? hood # 3 you stereo sound great in my car , man . he and a couple other gang member laugh and high - five . bruce look , I do not want to fight you guy . so as soon as you apologize , I will be on my way . a beat , then the hoods burst out laughing . a few circle behind , surround Bruce . hood # 1 oh , yeah . I will apologize ... the day a monkey climb out of my butt . bruce what a coincidence . that 's today . the Hood get a pained look , start gyrate around , then a monkey come climb out the back of he baggy pants . the Big guy look at Hood # 1 . big guy do that come out of you butt , man ? Hood # 1 faint from shock . bruce now I be go to have to teach the rest of you guy a lesson . 49 . hood # 2 yeah , you and whose army ? bruce just I ... and I ... another bruce step out from behind a stack of crate . bruce and I , and I , and I , I , I , I , I and I and I . as Bruce talk , duplicate bruce's begin pop out from various spot , a doorway , hang down from a fire escape , a dumpster pop open , six Bruce 's jump out . bruce pile on the rabbit1 T he B ruge conv erge on th E ga no -- Hood # 2 be instantly tackle by three bruge -- one bruce kneel down behind a hood , another bruce push he down over he back . the two Bruce 's high - five -- a Hood climb a fire escape . one bruce give a hand up to another bruce , who take pursuit . another bruce lean out of a window smashes a pot plant over he head -- on the monkey - screeching , enjoying the excitement we Bruce stand in the middle of the action , happily watch the mayhem . hood # 2 let 's get out of here , manl Hood # 2 take off run , the gang member follow . bruce okay guy , kum ba yal the Bruce 's jog over , leaping and diving into Bruce 's body . bruce I will take it from here . Bruce take a deep breath , open he mouth wide , releasing a swarm of locust -- 50 . ext . alley - continuous the gang stream out of the alley scream , cover in locust . Bruce exit the alley , the monkey at he side . he look down to the monkey . bruce back home for you , little one . the monkey take off back into the alley , as we see hood # 1 stumbling to he foot . hood # 1 noi nooooo1 he take off run , the monkey in hot pursuit . on bruce he belch and one last locust fly out . he react to the unpleasant aftertaste and walk off . CUT to : close on - bruce we widen to a up angle of he stand on the top of buffalo 's tallest skyscraper . Cloud swirl behind he . he look out over the vast city light , open he arm and proclaim to the world . bruce I am the lord thy bruce almighty . my will be do I Bruce pose in dramatic god- like form , lightning crash behind he . he be a awesome god . int . bruce and grace's apartment - night Grace sit on the floor next to the coffee table with a box of photo work on the album . she take a sip of wine , set down the glass . Sam walk over and lap up the wine . grace ( to Sam ) well , at least I have someone to drink with . Grace hear Bruce come up the stair , sing . 51 . bruce what if God be one of we . . . just a slob like one of we ... just a stranger on a bus ... try to make he way . . . Grace react a bit surprised by Bruce 's happy tone , she get up , open the door and there stand bruce , beam smile , hold a very unique bouquet of flowers . bruce ( finish song ) ...home . grace ( be : the flower ) oh , my god. bruce you can call I Bruce . grace where have you be ? you be so ... happy . bruce who would not be on a night like this ? ( hold out the flower ) for you . Grace take the flower , give Bruce a kiss , still size up he mood . grace this be amazing . what be they ? bruce it 's a totally new breed . a cross pollination between tulip and daisy . I call they todayzees . grace todayzees ? okay ... Grace go to put they in water . int . kitchen - continuous grace Bruce , be there something you be not tell I ? 52 . bruce nothing of this world . why ? grace what do you mean , why ? last night you be not exactly happy with life . bruce last night , I be only human . Bruce back out of the kitchen seductively . int . live room - continuous Bruce breeze through , casually instruct the stereo as he pass . bruce CD 4 , track 7 . the stereo illuminate and Barry White music play . ext . balcony - continuous Bruce open the door , step onto the balcony . he survey the cloudy sky , reach up with he hand and erase the cloud , like on a chalkboard . still not completely satisfied he reach up toward the moon and make a lassoing motion , then begins to pull . CUT to : outer space - behind the moon Earth far off in the distance - and with a thunderous rumble the moon start moving closer to earth . back to scene Bruce add a finish touch by add several star with point of he finger . Grace join Bruce on the balcony and be take aback by the perfectly orchestrate sky . grace wow , it really clear up . I have never see the moon that big . Bruce put he arm around Grace from behind . 53. bruce we should not waste it . Bruce start kissing she neck . Grace turn , . they kiss and a meteor shower light the sky behind they . the kiss end . bruce bedroom . grace five minute . int . bedroom - night Grace grab a neglige from the drawer , head into the bathroom . Bruce enter , adjust the ambience of the room , blows the light out with a quick puff of air , light candle with a gesture . his clothes magically fall away . int . bathroom - continuous Grace slip she neglige on , begin brush she hair . grace I '11 be out in a minute . bruce ( o.s. ) * do not rush yourself . sometimes * anticipation can heighten the * pleasure . * Grace shudder a bit at the word " pleasure " , quickly finish * brush , pick up she lipstick . * bruce ( o.s. ) * it 's a funny thing about , pleasure . * grace's knee buckle , cause the lipstick to smear across * she face . she sit down on the toilet seat to get a hold of * herself . * bruce ( o.s. ) * it can be extremely pleasurable . * Grace have a very powerful orgasm and slide off the toilet * out of frame to the ground . * grace * ( out of control ) * oh , oh . oh my ... * CUT to : * 54 . bruce stand at the door with both arm extend toward the bathroom like a warlock casting a spell . suddenly the light hit he from the open bathroom door and he quickly strike a casual pose . Grace stand in the open doorway , panting like a animal . she dive on Bruce , attack he . int . kitchen - morning on tv - the morning news morning reporter in international news , japanese relief worker be staging a desperate effort to rescue hundred of people strand by a freak tidal wave that hit kitamoto City ... we see remote footage of japanese family be airlift from root top . morning reporter scientist say the tsunami may have be cause by what they be describe as " unusual lunar activity . " more on this , as it develop . . . Grace half watch the newscast as she finish breakfast . int . bedroom - morning Bruce lie blissfully asleep . Big smile , life be good . then , we hear whispering - like distant voice murmuring all at once . Bruce wake with a start . he look around puzzle , stick he finger in he ear check he hearing as the voice fade away . angle - SAM circle , get ready to go on the carpet . Bruce casually warn . bruce Sam . uh uh uh . 55 . Sam look at Bruce for a beat , then walk into bathroom , raise the toilet seat with he nos e , and stand up on he two hind legs , holding he snausage with he front paw ( no , we don't see it ) and start to go . he look proudly back at Bruce . bruce good boy . int . kitchen Grace place breakfast on the table . Bruce come out , fully dress with a spring in he step . bruce good morning . grace ( gushy -lovey , sing songy ) good morning . cook you grill cheese . bruce oo , my favey . Bruce sit , Grace set down he plate , lean close . grace last night be just ... bruce heavenly ? grace mmm hmm . Bruce enjoy he grill cheese . grace it 's funny , but when I wake up this morning , it feel like my boob be bigger . Bruce look away , guilty , try to be nonchalant . grace ( hold they up ) do they look bigger to you ? bruce huh ? ah , no , they , ah , look the same to I . 56 . they be not . they be clearly bigger . she hold they . grace they be definitely bigger . they feel huge to I . Bruce throw up he hand . bruce you get I . probably just a hormonal thing . ( take a quick final bite ) well , enjoy you breakfast , I have gotta run . grace where be you go ? he stop , turn . a new confident Bruce . bruce to get my job back . music up : ext . bruce's apartment - day Bruce head for he severely beat - up junker car whistling " what if God be one of us. " int . bruce's car close on - bruce he get in , fasten he seat belt , as two teenager cruise by on skateboard , stop outside Bruce 's window . teenager ( sincerely impressed ) wow , nice car man . bruce well , it get I from a to B. master - STREET reveal Bruce 's car be now a brand new mercede 2003 vision slr . he start and revs the powerful new engine and peel out . 57 . ext . CITY street - day Bruce turn the corner into bumper to bumper traffic . no problem , the traffic magically open up for he , car instantly swerving right and leave clear a path for Bruce . he wave as he pass . bruce and the last shall be first . ext . police training CENTER - day a police dog , hank , perform some standard take downs by " attack " a " criminal " ( trainer ) on the run . phil , a reporter from a rival station be wrapping up he story . phil I certainly would not want to be a fugitive on the run with hank , buffalo 's number one police dog , on the job . this be phil sidleman report from the Police canine train center . ( beat ) and cut it . let 's go , guy . the crew start to wrap up . angle - bruce watch the action from the side , hold he own home video camera . phil spot he . phil hey , channel seven , right ? you be the guy that go crazy . bruce yeah , I have a bad day . but thing be lookin ' up . phil what be you doin ' here ? bruce just lookin ' for a story . phil ( wave the video tape ) well , this pond 's fished out . pretty standard stuff anyway . 58 . bruce I do not know . my instinct tell I there 's something more . phil well , go with that . it 's serve you well in the past , right ? phil and a couple of he crew laugh , as they load the last of they equipment into the van and shut the door . trainer ( o.s. ) hey , hank find something 1 phil turn back , Bruce and he exchange a glance . hank be digging furiously , make a big hole . the policeman jog over , join the trainer . they watch as two dress shoe be uncovere D in the DI rt . hank bark . policeman we get a body I phil ( to he crew ) shit . get the camera , now ! extreme close on - the van' door lock it lock automatically . the cameraman yank at the door . cameraman it 's lock and the key be inside I Bruce casually turn he camera on , give phil a " tough break " look , head for the scene , as phil and he crew scramble around the van . CUT to : on a tv · dan rather the body of Jimmy hoffa be uncover in a field today outside of a canine training center in buffalo New York . local buffalo freelance field reporter Bruce nolan be the first on the scene ... 59 . we cut to the pre-tape story . Bruce stand with hank and he trainer before camera , the body be exhume from the ground behind he . bruce since the disapearence of teamster president Jimmy hoffa in the nineteen sixty , he whereabouts have remain one of this country 's great unsolve mystery . that be until just moment ago , when during a routine training session , a police dog name hank sniff he way right into the history book . as you can see behind we , the body be be carefully exhume and will be transport to a hospital facility where DNA testing will confirm the identity . that , of course , only a formality as in a bizarre twist , the body be find bury with a birth certificate and complete set of dental record . ( rub hank 's neck ) sort of a two - in - one for hank today , as moment later , he bust a local news camera crew with four kilo 's of marijuana . we see footage of phil and he news crew , be cuffed on the ground , as large stack of marijuana plant be be pull from the van . phil I have never see it before , I swear I ext . news station - day as Bruce pull up in front of the building the no parking sign fly back into the bush and the red curb transform to GREEN as though be sloppily paint with invisible brushes . Bruce exit the car and smooth past the homeless sign guy , who sit in he usual spot . his sign read : " heaven be at hand . leggo you eggo . " int . newsroom - day Bruce cruise through the office , field greeting . 60 . various office staff Nice job , Bruce ... Way to go , buddy ... go get them , Bruce , etc . Susan ortega smooth up to Bruce . susan ortega hi , Bruce . bruce ( surprised ) oh , Susan . . hi. susan ortega good work , I be impressed . she give 's Bruce a " look " and continue on . Bruce be a bit inflate by the encounter . Bobby the pastry cart guy wheel he cart up along side . bobby hey , br uce . N ice job , m a . wa sn ' t the same without you around here , pal . ( lead ) I hear Jack want to see you . bruce that 's the word . bobby you be go to need you energy in there . can I interest you in a donut ? bruce no , thank you , I be not hungry . bobby coffee ? bruce no. bobby fiber grain bar with bee pollen and spiralina ? bruce I be really not interested . 61 . bobby yeah , I do not blame ' ya , they taste like grass . Bobby cut bruce off with he cart . Bruce be force to stop . bobby tell you what ? I be not go to break it open until lunch time , but I make a batch of rhubarb that you have get to try . bruce Bobby , I -- bobby come on , it 's my mother 's recipe she 's practically cripple ... Bobby force a ladle of rhubarb out at Bruce . bruce no , I really - no ... bobby open up , that 's it , here come the news chopper ... ( make sound of chopper ) bruce no , Bobby .. Bobby n01 I say I do not want anything . ( turn , head off ) damn you ... Bruce continue off , as Bobby stop cold , adopt a odd expression , then he eye roll up in there socket , spin all the war around , then glow red . little horn bump push up from he skull . he turn instantly demonic . a overly perky female office worker approach Bobby from behind . female office worker hi , Bobby . be there any of that split pea soup leave ? she be instantly hit in the chest with a stream of green vomit . a beat and Bobby offer out a plastic spoon . int . jack office - day on jack 6 2 . he see Bruce enter , immediately perk up . * jack * ( big laugh ) * the be he i sl Ho ff al h a i W h a t a be e * the odd of that ? * bruce * ( laugh along with he ) * ha ! what be the odd ? * jack look , I will be straight . we want you back , Bruce . I want to tell you , it be not my decision to let you go . when the big guy give the order , I gotta ... bruce no harm no foul , Jack . I need some time off to reassess my goal and get in touch with my true self . jack you do that in a day ? bruce imagine what I can do with seven . Jack pause for a awkward beat . his face grow serious . jack I have not be the best father in the world . bruce what 's that ? jack I cur se a lo to I c hea t on my to xe s. my with ife u se d t of mak e my kid call I , when she be alive ... ( break down ) ... now , I go to strip club , and dri no a will nig ht . Bu t at le ast they open unt il four . W hat be you do tonight ? bruce oh , I be busy do ... thing . Jack recover , rejuvenate . 63. jack yeah , I gotcha . it feel good to get that out . thank you . Jack give Bruce a big hug . jack look , it 's not in my power to give you a nchor , but as far as field repor ting go , if you be look for a bump . bruce Jack , do not worry about that . just give I a camera and a crew and I will give you the news . Bruce exit . Jack like the new Bruce . int . newsroom Bruce head out as the eyewitness News open play on several monitor . Susan ortega open . susan good evening and welcome to eyewitness News at six . I be Susan ortega . evan and I be Evan baxter . and here 's what 's make news ... this stop bruc e. he watc hes Evan on a newsr oom monit or . a devilish smile form on Bruce 's face . evan a potential scandal with the buffalo p.d. surface today when ... Evan 's voice suddenly become high pitched , like a girl . evan ( falsetto ) ... the mayor demand that the Chief of Police issue ... ( clear he throat ) ... uh- hum , that the Chief of Police ... Evan try to clear he throat again , but he voice remain high pitched . 64 , -^ evan ( j · ( falsetto ) 1 ^ ... the Chief of Police issue a response over allegation make bear . . y int . jack office - same time jack what the hell be that ? Evan be start to visibly sweat . evan ( falsetto ) I be sorry . there seem to be something . Evan shoot Susan a look to cover for he . Susan try to cover with a joke . susan look like my new co- anchor may need a glass of water . she laugh , Evan laugh in a ridiculous high pitched girly L au gh tha t m ak es it ev en with or se . h e 's ip 's th e with at er a no hi 's / · " " " N vj voice return . evan ah , there we go . sorry about that . the Prime Minister of Sweden visit Washington today as my little tiny nipple move to France - Evan stop cold , stare at the teleprompter . int . tv studio - continuous the director in the booth react . director what do he just say ? check the prompter . the Console Operator check the text be feed to Evan . console operator it 's fine . director well , signal for he to keep go . 65 . -^ the stage manager motion to Evan , he reluctantly continue / read . intercut tv studio and newsroom monitor evan the White House reception committee greet the Prime Rib roast Minister and I do the cha cha like a sissy girl ... ( urge to keep go , so continue slowly ) I lika do da cha cha ... in desperation , Evan shift from the prompter to the paper script on he desk . evan sorry , we be have a few technical difficulty , here ... ( read ) * in other n-n-n-n.... n- n- n-n... * Evan 's nose start bleeding . a sudden stream out of one * nostril . Susan react . so do Jack . Bruce smile . , Evan see the blood , try to stop it but it only stream -/ faster . he keep talk , but the stream increase . Susan get up , try to help . susan somebody get some napkin . Dallas , help I . dallas I be not touch hinu ( realize he 's on camera ) I mean , I be not really qualified . Evan 's hair ignite . susan his hair 's on fire ! Dallas run off . bruce ( casual to a amaze news staffer ) you know , he do have a certain pizazz about he . 66 . Susan reach for a water pitcher , as a crew man step in and blast Evan 's head with a fire extinguisher . Evan be in shock , he face now white . the screen cut to a " please stand - by " title card , then cut to a episode of " dragnet . " on bruce - it 's fun to be God . music up / montage up ext . fair ground - day Bruce be bored off he ass , interview some blue haire old lady at the Mark twain chili cook off . blue haire lady ( talk so slow you want to kill yourself ) my secret be I let the jalapeno 's marinade in a spicy sauce for over 24 hour before I -- we see Bruce 's pain face , realize what horrible news this be , when he get a idea and schwwwwwaaaaaam!11 a asteroid crash to earth behind they . bruce hold that think , hazel ! ( Bruce walk back toward the explosion ) it seem some type of meteor or asteroid have , by chance , hit the earth right behind the Mark twain chili cook off . . . ext . sky - day Bruce be free-falling in full sky diving uniform . bruce . . . so remember , it 's sky diving season at Old Pete 's airfield . ( grab the ripcord ) this be Bruce nolan .. ( give it a tug , do not budge ) my rip cord appear to be a bit stick . Bruce yank again harder , nothing , then again and the cord rip free from the suit . 67 . bruce this be a very unfortunate turn of event . I be head toward the earth at a very precarious speed ... the cameraman pop he shoot and we see Bruce continue to stream toward the ground below . he fall into a wood area . a camera on the ground pick up the coverage , run through the brush with other bystander to find Bruce lay on top of a big , hairy creature . bystander ( o.s. ) he 's okay ... what 's that ?... it 's bigfoot !... bigfoot break he fall !. . . Bruce stand groggy , point to a daze bigfoot . bruce ah ha ! you be real ! int . bruce and grace's apartment - day Bruce sit watch a hockey game on tv . he follow the puck intently with he eye , as though control it 's path . goal , saber ! the crowd roar ! CUT to : G o al , S a be R s! th E C R ow D R oa R S ! CUT to : Grace sit aside he , work on the photo album . grace do you believe how they be play ? ( beat ) oh , honey , would you hand I the scissors ? Bruce divert he attention , when the saber screw up and the crowd groans . Bruce immediately turn , look intently at the puck and goal , saber ! the crowd roar ! int . bruce and grace's apartment - bedroom - morning close on - bra clasp Grace 's boobs be even bigger . Bruce be try to help she fasten she bra , but it 's a good three inch from touch . Bruce shrug " get I . " 68 . ext . BUFFALO zoo - day Bruce be do a report just outside the pandas ' enclosure . bruce in the past , zoo official have be unable to get this Panda 's to mate , but that do not seem to be a problem today . reveal a male panda wholeheartedly humping another panda . bruce and the mood seem to be catch o. . . n wide shot of the enclosure - panda be be couple off and humping everywhere . mother be frantically cover child 's eye , ushere they away from the exhibit . quick cut of different newscaster on tv newscaster his storey be all over town ... newscaster # 2 ... from unearthing Jimmy hoffa ... newscaster # 3 ...to a asteroid crash to earth . Bruce nolan be rapidly become know as . . . ext . BUFFALO - day a billboard be put up with a big smile Bruce with arm extend . it read : " Mr. exclusive " . int . hockey arena - night * a close up of Bruce on the jumbotron . * announcer * lady and gentlemen , please * welcome Mr. exlusive , Bu ffal o's * own , Bruce nolan . * Bruce start singing the most amazing gospel singer / jazz * version of the national anthem anyone have ever heard . * bruce * oh , say can you * seeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ... * 69 . on grace - in the stand . * Debbie turn to she , she shrug . * grace * I do not even know he could sing . * int . bruce and grace's apartment - bathroom - day Grace open the bathroom door , revealing SAM , sitting on the toilet seat with a newspaper under he front paw . Sam bark and Grace quickly close the door . int . hockey arena - night * Bruce sing , still on the same word . * bruce * ...eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee . . . * int . bruce and grace's apartment - bathroom - day Bruce finish run a bath , get into the tub but slip as be unable to sink and end up slide around on the water like on a sheet of glass . he try to break through , can not . then , he concentrate and finally lower into the water . int . hockey arena - night * Bruce dramatically finish the national anthem . * bruce * ...of the * braaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaave i . * he hit a impossibly high note and the rink glass shatter I * Bruce be project on the arena jumbotron . he shoot he * arm up , the crowd go nut ! " Mr. exclusive " flash on the * screen . * ext . wood - day a mob of photographer flash photo like crazy , as Bruce stand casually with he arm around bigfoot . bruce ... and that 's the way the cookie crumble . ext . fairground - day Bruce surround by hazel and other chili cook off contestant shout up from the bottom of the crater hole : 70 . bruce &amp ; chili contestant ( in unison ) and that 's the way the cookie crumble ! int . hockey arena - day * the word flash on the jumbotron and the entire crowd chant : * crowd * and that 's the way the cookie * crumble ! * music out / montage out int . beauty salon - day Grace lie in full body wrap , while Debbie be in the process of be wrap by margarita , a rather ruff Spanish salon attendant . debbie so this be what success busy you . grace I guess . ( wiggling around ) I feel like a human taquito . debbie well , thank Mr. exclusive for I . he 's on a quite a roll . what would he do make a deal with the devil ? grace and he 's take I out tonight to dinner at chez l'amour . debbie well , la-ti-da . Mike 's idea of a romantic evening be chez sizzler . margarita pull the wrap tightly around Debbie . debbie ( to margarita ) what do this do again ? margarita est para su grasa . debbie grasa ? do not that mean fat ? 71 . grace afraid so . Debbie eye margarita . grace ( gush ) so , Bruce say and I quote : " prepare yourself for a amazing evening that will change we life forever . " margarita reach Debbie 's waist and yank tightly . debbie good - you would not want to leave any spare oxygen in there . ( back to Grace ) wait a second , you do not think he 's go to propose , do you ? grace I do not think anything . debbie you do . you think he 's go to propose . grace well , he 's always say when he get he career together , you know ... and he career be more than together . I mean , come on , chez l'amour . Change we life ... debbie I do not know , hun . I mean , I like Bruce but that man 's priority list be he , he , he , then he some more and then you . grace well , he just might surprise you . debbie that 's what I be worried about . ( be : margarita ) careful , you miss a spot of free flow circulation . margarita sense the attitude and pull tighter . Debbie react . 72 . debbie that would do it . margarita motion for Debbie to lay down and leave . Debbie struggle to lay down . debbie let 's see , how do I -- Debbie slide to the ground , Grace crack up , get up to help , but also in mummy wrap , topple on top of she . they both laugh and struggle to get up . hear the ruckus , margarita enter and gasp . margarita lesbianas1 Grace and Debbie crack up harder . debbie hey , I will take that over fat ... margarita try to pull they up , but fall too . margarita no sexo , no sexol Grace and Debbie can not stop laugh . int . chez l'amour - night a waiter pour the first trickle of wine into Bruce 's glass . Bruce whiff it , taste it . bruce very good . if you run out just bring I some water , I will take it from there . Grace look over the menu as Bruce notice people at various table eyeing he . he glance up to a ceiling light and redirect it with he mind , so it spotlight he in golden light . two cute girl with date smile and wave . he wave back . grace should we ask for a more private table ? 73 , bruce huh ? oh , no this be fine right here . Bruce look at Grace lovingly . he take she hand . bruce I be go to wait until after the meal , but I think it 's go to just bust out of I if I do not do it now . Grace beam , look at Bruce with total love . bruce you ready ? grace ( nervous ) I think so . bruce I get anchor . Grace 's face fall . she do she best to cover . bruce evidently , they be have problem with Evan . he 's finish up the week and I go live Monday . grace that 's great , honey . congratulation . wow . so that 's what 's tonight be about ? bruce well , yeah . Grace , I get anchor . we get anchor ! she 's have a hard time cover she let down . bruce ( notice she flat reaction ) what 's the matter ? grace well , to be honest , I think that maybe tonight , you -- the two cute girl interrupt , approach Bruce . 74 . cute girl # 1 I be sorry , but we have to come over . we just think you be amazing and ... cute girl # 2 well , we can not believe it 's you ! they both laugh , Bruce enjoy the attention . bruce ( laugh along ) yep , it 's I . cute girl # 1 can we get a picture with you ? bruce well , sure . ( glance to Grace ) just one second , hun . ( lean to Grace ) fan . we better get use to this , huh ? Grace sit watch the two girl take turn sit on Bruce 's lap , take picture . see Bruce relishing in the attention . one girl give Bruce a peck on the cheek and they be " ss!w^w ! 's leave . Grace be clearly upset . grace you have lipstick on you face . bruce oh , thanks ... grace Bruce , we need to talk . I think we have a understanding -- suddenly , the whisper start again . Bruce look around , figure it 's come from the restaurant patron . bruce wow . it 's kind of loud in here . Grace look around the quiet romantic set . grace what be you talk about ? it 's not loud . the whisper grow in volume . 75 . bruce geez ... ( shout to the restaurant ) ----- - could you ~ keep tt downl --- -- grace Bruce , this be not funny . bruce ( talk loud .over the " racket " ) what ? would you excuse I for a second ? he get up and dart off . int . chez l'amour kitchen - continuous Bruce race through the restaurant kitchen hold he ear - ext . alleyway - night - continuous he burst out the kitchen exit into the alley . unclasp he ear , but no relief . the whisper be now loud voice . we start to make out fragment of word " please , " " help I , " etc . overwhelm and scared , he slide down the alley wall , cover he face , then total silence -- Bruce lower he hand and find himself sitting atop a high mountain peak . GOD ( o.s. ) really something be not it ? God sit down next to Bruce . bruce be this heaven ? God laugh at this one . GOD it 's everest . you should try flipping on the Discovery Channel every now and then . well , I guess you can not now , be dead and all . bruce I be dead ? I God laugh . 76 . GOD no , I be just mess with you . bruce that voice ... GOD they be prayer , Bruce . you keep ignore they and they be go to build up on . you like that . you do not think be God be go to be all fun and game do you ? bruce prayer ? that be prayer ? why can not I understand they ? God form a snowball in he hand as he talk . GOD you be not listen , son . let 's see , you have have my power for over a week now and how many people have you help ? bruce okay , so maybe I have righted a couple of the wrong in my own life . I be go to get around to other . I can do both . I can help the world . GOD the world ? that be not the world , Bruce . that be just buffalo , between commonwealth and 57th . do not want to start you out with more than you can handle . now how you do otherwise ? personal life in good shape ? bruce yeah . everything be great . a doorway open like a crack in space . Grace step out , see Bruce . grace Bruce ? what be you do out here ? with that , the terrain transform back into the alley where Grace have be stand all along . she can not see . God . 77 , bruce oh , ah , ( to God ) she can not ... ( God shake he head , back to Grace ) I just , ah , need a little fresh air . Bruce fake a couple big breath . grace Bruce , what be go on ? the second I want to talk about we you run out on I . GOD ( to Bruce ) everything 's great , huh ? bruce I be not run out on you ... grace you know , I actually have the crazy idea that you be go to ask I to marry you tonight . GOD now it 's heating up . bruce ( to God ) you be not help . ( back to Grace ) ... I at all here , Grace . GOD ( sarcastic ) Nice recovery . Bruce look to God to shut up . grace not help you what ? bruce ( to Grace ) look hun , I want to talk about this . this just be not a good time . okay ? 78 . grace when be it a good time ? it 's never a good time . GOD she 's get a point . bruce ( to God ) stay out of this . Grace look at he like he 's nut . * grace who be you talk to ?! just then , the whisper start in again . Bruce react . bruce oh , not now . Bruce put he hand to he ear . Grace take this as he not want to listen to she . GOD you be go to have to answer that thing , y'know . grace fin e. yo u ko ow wh at ? I be go in g t of go home and if by some miracle it * suddenly become a ' good time ' , you * know where to find I . * ( start out , then ) * and speak of time , you be * run out of it . * Grace head back into the restaurant . Bruce stand completely frustrated . bruce ( to God ) thank you . GOD you want some friendly advice ? bruce no. God smile . 79 . GOD you want the job , Bruce . I * suggest you get to it . * int . bruce and grace's apartment - day * Grace be asleep in the bedroom while Bruce pace in the * live room . * bruce * okay ... prayer . * he concentrate for a second and in a instant , the whisper * start in . bruce okay , first off , this creepy whisper thing have get to go . ( pace ) Organization and management . I need a system . something concrete ... ( a idea ) * prayer file 1 * ( command ) * let all prayer be organize into * +* file . * Bruce wave he hand --- * instantly , the room be jammed full of file . cabinet . * bruce * too b ulky . ah ! praye be po st - it s! * instantly , the file be go and million of post - it's , each * with a person's prayer request begin slapping down attach * themselves to everything in the room . * Bruce himself become a big post - it mummy . he pull the one * cover he mouth . * bruce * sloppy . * ( a idea ) * ah ! * CUT to : * Bruce sit before a High tech computer sit on a desktop . * we hear the famous " you have get mail " sound bite . * 8 0 . bruce welcome to the information super highway . no mess , full bless . a computer progress bar title " download prayer " appear on screen , there 's a long , long way to go . Bruce watch and wait , bored - look at he watch . * dissolve to : * bruce - morning * he 's fall asleep by the computer . as he wake he see : * " 1,567,432 unread message " * bruce * whoa . * suddenly , Grace bound out of the bathroom . * grace okay , this be get ridiculous I Grace 's boob be enormous ! a healthy D - cup . grace I have to see a doctor . there 's definitely something wrong with I . * Bruce jump up from the computer , hide what he 's do ... bruce no . you look great . grace I look like a hooker I my whole body be change . she turn profile , she back sway cause she ass to stick out . grace my back do not use to arch like this . Bruce get up , walk to Grace . bruce I think you look amazing . * 81 . grace Bruce , I feel like we relationship be become all about sex . bruce no it 's not . come on , give I a * hug. grace no , Bruce . come on . * she break away and see the computer be on . * grace * what 's that ? what be you do ? * Bruce try to cover . * bruce * oh , ah. nothing . surfing the * * internet ... for storey ... grace * be this why you do not come to bed ? * bruce * no , ah ... honey , you be go to be * late . grace no , I be not . Bruce look over Grace 's shoulder and adjust the clock forty minute forward . Grace turn and be surprised . grace oh my gosh I how do I sleep this late ? I have get to run . be you give I a ride ? bruce do not need to . Bruce motion to the window . Grace walk over , look out and 's es . . e. a new sporty red convertible wrap in a white bow . bruce happy two month and four day before you birthday . 82. grace ( gasp ) y ou ' be c rarr zy . can n we a ff ord t ha t? bruce I will work it out . just trust I . Bruce dangle the key in front of she eye . * grace * if you be try to buy you way * out of the hot water you be in , * it 's not work . . . * ( look at the car ) * well , it 's work a little ... * Bruce smile . * CUT to : grace drive off in her new car Bruce turn away from the window , get back to the computer . bruce * okay . let 's start with something * easy . ( type ) find : Sports ... sabers. ( read ) please make the saber win the playoff , good . please , please let the Red wing beat the saber . Bruce puzzle over the two prayer . start type . bruce yes to you , loyal saber fan . and no to you . ( type ) and you goalie have turret . Bruce smile , this be fun . music up : mic jagger " GOD give I everything I want " montage - bruce answer prayer close on computer screen email scroll , stop at : filbert davidson re : gym CLASS 83. int . high school gym - rope climbing drill - day a bully taunt a fat kid with horn rimmed glass . angle bruce - watching from the bleacher . the fat kid nervously grab the rope and much to he * surprise , he climb it like stallone in cliff hanger . * Bruce be in the stand , pleased . he flick he finger upward and the bully gym short shoot up he butt crack - a supernatural wedgy . filbert flexe he flabby arm , amaze . CUT to : close on - computer screen e-mail ester maha re : bankruptcy int . bank office - day Bruce look in the bank window and see a very stress , * ester sit in the loan officer 's office , tear in she * eye . as she open she purse for a tissue , it be full of cash . she register shock and joy . bruce * ask and ye shall receive . * CUT to : close on - computer screen e-mail Bella winter . re - parking . ext . parking lot - day Close on a middle - age woman drive a car in a parking lot . middle aged woman please let . I find a space . she drive right by Bruce who smile . . . * bruce * knock , and the door shall be * open . . . * Bruce make a knocking motion and ... * angle - handicapped space 84 . all the sign fall off they post . the paint wheelchair symbol on the pavement animate wheeling themselves off the space . she pull into the now open space . ext . prison yard - day bruec watch a stickball game in progress . one prisoner chase a bat ball to the prison wall revealing a huge hole to freedom . prisoner ( look heavenward ) thank you , god. ext . beasley construction site - day construction worker stand stare down in awe as woman after woman on the sidewalk below , stop , raise there top and flash they . construction worker thank you , God . int . SMALL wonder day care - day Grace bend over to help with a craft , revealing ample cleavage . angle - martin and the other boy staring at her , eye wide . martin gracias , dio . ( subtitles read : thank you , God . ) he shovel a scoop of paste in he mouth . close on : computer keyboard Bruce 's hand type response . his finger move faster and faster . fragment montage of overlapping imagery - text and visual : " I want to be bigger " text and dissolve to a young man grow six inch . he smile wide -- Close up computer text snippet dissolve over one another : " please help my stock go up " " .. my stock ... " " ... make a kill in the market ... " then another " I want to be bigger " this time dissolve to a grow man , peek down he pants , smile wide -- 85 . ext . BUFFALO CITY street - day Bruce walk along head high , full of himself . he audibly hear snippet of prayer , snap off response . various pedestrian I have get to find a better job ... come on light , turn ... God , I wish I be thin ... bruce promotion with 15 % raise ... it 's green . . . donut be now healthy ... int . bruce and grace's apartment - day Bruce sit at the computer , look at the total prayer request , he jaw drop . 3 million and grow . bruce oh , come on . what a bunch of whiner . this be go to suck up my whole life . Bruce get a idea , pull down a menu on the computer , highlight " answer all " type in the word " yes " and hit enter . the computer take over , answering each email automatically . Bruce smile and get up . close on - the computer screen we see the list scroll by , everything from " lost cat " to " more money " " make I smarter " " make I thinner , " etc . " yes " " send " , " yes " " send " and on and on . music out / end montage int . eyewitness news station - jack office - day on jack very uncomfortable , struggle for the right word as he 's fire somebody . jack look this be not easy for I . we be start to get some complaint and ... well , Bobby , thing just be not work out . 86 . jack Pov Bobby 's demon-look head , slowly rotate 360 degree on he neck . jack ( scared ) a , you can keep the cart if you like . we can see bobby's breath now . bobby ( deep demonic voice ) thanks . I have grow kind of attach to it . ext . SMALL wonder day care - day Bruce pull up , Grace , she body back to normal , walk up and hop in , happy . grace L ook ! I be back to no rmal . it be the wildest thing , I be worried , so I say a prayer and the next thing I know , I be completely heal . it be like a miracle . bruce ( fake happy ) that 's great . grace so , you be take I to lunch ? th be i 's rarr be -- ( catch herself ) but wonderful . bruce oh , I have get something better than lunch . Bruce pull out . they drive off . grace ( o.s. ) oh , you will never believe it . Debbie win the lottery I bruce ( o.s. ) really ? 87 . grace ( o.s. ) but get this , there be like 433 thousand other winner , so it only pay out 17 dollar . can you believe the odd of that ? ext. , upscale home - day Bruce lead she out of the car . bruce keep them close ... grace ( laugh ) what be this ? ext . upscale home - day * Bruce lead Grace through the gate . * bruce okay ... open you eye . Grace do and see a staggering mansion . * grace * wow . this be a bit overwhelming . * bruce * I know , it 's incredible . come on * in , look . * int . mansion . * as amazing as it be , it 's interior design be way over the top * ritzy . paint ceiling , gold trim everwhere . ' * grace * ( laugh ) * this place be hilarious . be you * do a story here ? * bruce * ( coy ) * no. guess again ? * Grace turn to Bruce confuse . bruce it 's mine ...our . 88. grace what ? bruce ( beam ) this be we new home . come on ... Bruce pull Grace up the stair . grace this have to cost -- I can not even imagine how much this have to cost . bruce 7 million . that be the ask , but I get a deal . grace wh- what be I miss here ? you can not afford this . you be a reporter . buying car be one t hing , but this -- Bruce grab a hold of Grace . bruce we will have the money . listen to I closely . I be get anchor . then , I be go to get spot , offer will come flooding in to go national , and then you and I be move to New York City to a place that will put this to shame . this have be my exact dream my whole life and it 's finally go to happen . every step just how I picture it . Grace just stare at Bruce . grace there 's only one problem . bruce what ? grace I hate it . Bruce be surprised . 89 . grace what be you think ? why do not * you talk to I about this ? * bruce * I want to surprise you . * grace * Mission accomplish . * bruce honestly , I think you would be a little more appreciative . grace appreciative of what ? the fact that you do not include I on a major life decision or that we now live in the sultan of bernai 's * house ? * bruce ( under he breath ) like pearl to swine . grace what be that suppose to mean ? bruce let that with ear hear . grace what be happen to you ? you be change . bruce exa ct ly . F or th e bet the be . I ' m not poor and 's truggling . and mayb e that threaten you . I be tell you , there be plenty of woman who would love this place . grace yeah , and so would they pimp . * bruce * I can not believe this . I do all * this for we . * grace * we ? W hat we ? yo u a lwa ys say wh en * you career take off we would get * marry . what happen to that we ? * 90 . bruce I want that . grace * ' that ' . you can not even say the * word . * bruce * Marriage , I want marriage , okay . * it 's just not a great time right now . grace not a great time . what be that , you mantra ? this be never go to change . . . Grace head down the stair . * bruce come on Grace , lighten up . .* tomorrow 's Saturday . the office be * throw I a party here , for get anchor . let 's enjoy the ride for a whi le . we be just start to have some fun . grace no , you be just start to have fun . suddenly , the toilet flush off camera . Grace see Sam in the bathroom spraying some deodorizer before he exit . grace and what in God 's name be go on with that dogI ? Grace pull she cell phone .out of she purse , head for the door . grace I be go to have Debbie pick I up . bruce Grace . grace I be sorry , but I will not be attend you little pa rty tomorrow . and if * you would like to see I after I will be at we home . * 91 . she start out . grace ( cont 'd ) oh , and that poor , struggle guy you talk about ? I miss he . on bruce - bummed party music up : int . upscale home - night the party of partie be in order . the place be jam pack with co-worker , fellow reporter , and various news contact everyone be in a ecstatic mood , many prayer have be recently answer . we move through the party and hear snippet of various conversation . businessman I will drink to that ! my tech stock triple in five day . they clink glass . woman you seem taller . joe I be ! father type my son pitch a no hitter ! heavyish woman I lose 47 ibs on the krispy kreme diet . on SAM walk on he hind leg , deliver a cold beer to Bruce . on bruce well on he way to plaster , take a swig , then glance at the beer . bruce ( to Sam ) hello ... ( point to bottle ) corona . lime next time ? 92 . Sam walk away , he tail between he leg . Bruce maneuver down the hall dance , high -five , drunkenly * accept the praise come at he from all side . * partier there he be . . . the manI .. all hail we new anchor ! I bruce bless you . bless you . partying sport guy hey Bruce , who do you like in the game tonight ? bruce put you money on the saber . coach pray a lot . a french waiter approach Bruce . french waiter ah , Mr. nolan , we be run out of hor doerve . I be afraid we under - order , sir . and the people be hungry . bruce what do you have leave ? the waiter hold up a small basket . french waiter only three chip and two shrimp . bruce ( confident ) just take it around . the waiter get a confuse look . CUT to : chip overflowing , shrimp spilling out of basket , hand reaching gluttonously for the bounty . the waiter walk along amaze as handfuls of shrimp and chip be pull from the small basket . partier crowd around Bruce , start to chant . 93. crowd speech ! speech !! speech ! Bruce take center stage , quiet the crowd . bruce I ' d thank you all for come , but the liquor be free so maybe you should thank I ! everyone laugh . bruce and now let I tell you a story . there be a man who have two son . the young son take he inheritance and squander he money on a life of lust and debauchery . I love that guy !! everyone throw they hand up and continue to party . Bruce 's big smile fade . he look around the room , hope to spot Grace . he grab a phone , walk out to the balcony , di al 's -- he get they answer machine , hear they outgo message together from happier time . he hang up . female voice ( o.s. ) hey there . Bruce turn , see susan ortega , completely stun in a sexy dress . susan hi br uce . what be you d oing out here all alone ? bruce oh , ah , I be call Grace . susan yeah , I do not see she in there . I love the new place , by the way . so how be you and Grace do ? bruce I do not know , we have a fight earlier . ever since I . . well , thing be different now and ... 94 . susan you be on fire Bruce . some woman can not handle fire . some can . Susan smooth close to Bruce . susan you know , I always have a instinct about you . I know you be go to make something of yourself . bruce really ? susan there 's something special about you Bruce . I like special ... bruce look Susan , I do not know , I -- Susan grab Bruce , kiss he passionately . Bruce do not join in , but do not fight it either . angle - the front door Grace and Debbie enter . debbie so this be you new place , huh ? grace cozy , do not you think ? come on help I find he . they head into the room . debbie you sure you want to do this ? grace I do not know . it 's he big night . * I do not want to spoil it . I know . * how much this mean to he . * debbie * * so much for lash back ... Grace stop dead in she track . her face drop . grace's Pov - bruce , still lip-locked with Susan ortega . 95 . debbie oh , boy . Bruce turn and see Grace . bruce Grace , I ... grace . ( fight back tear ) get the car , deb. debbie right . bruce Grace , wait . Grace follow Debbie out . ext . upscale home - night Bruce follow Grace outside . bruce Grace , come on . Grace stop , open she purse , toss the key to she new car in Bruce 's chest . grace here . I do not with ant you car . I do not want you thing . . . I do not want you . bruce come on , do not say that . I be just call y ou -- grace and you think Susan 's mouth be the phone ? bruce I do not think you be come -- I mean , I . . . I screw up , okay . let I make it up to you . grace how about a boat , Bruce ? bruce if that 's what you want . 96 . grace yeah , a big boat and oh , maybe two bag of cash , you know , the one with the big cartoon dollar sign on the front . then I will be happy . because I be just hollow inside . Debbie 's be right . all this time . I defend you , tell she there be good in you . another side to you . well , I just see that other side and I do not want anything to do with it . Debbie pull up , Grace storm off to the car . Bruce follow , bruce Grace , come on , do not do this . grace go back to you little co-anchor . or be that ho -anchor ? ( tear ) I come back here to apologize . how stupid be I ? Grace turn and head to the car . bruce you be the one that do not like the new place ! Grace get in , slam the door . bruce you can not walk out on I ! I be the alpha , lady ! I be the omega ! Debbie peel out . bruce ( desperate last attempt ) I could make you stay ! Bruce be leave alone in the middle of the street . bruce Fine ! I do not need you ! I have everything I need . do you hear that ?! ( yell ) I have everything ! 97 . int . upscale home - moment later Bruce walk in , Susan be wait for he . susan I be right . she could not handle the fire . * Bruce look at Susan with disgust , then glance to a FIRE alarm on the wall , mentally triggers it . the sprinkler turn on , as well . people scream , rush toward the exit . Bruce sit down on the sofa , be rain on by the sprinkler , alone . he finally plop back and God be sit next to he . GOD enjoy you party ? yeah , nothing like spend time with some real frien ds . any 's hrimp leave ? bruce Grace leave I . GOD I know . bruce ( certain ) she will take I back . ( uncertain ) will she take I back ? GOD would you take you back ? Bruce mull this over , - then ... bruce how do you make someone love you when you can not effect free will ? GOD welcome to my world , son . you come up with a answer to that one , you let I know . off of Bruce think ... CUT to : 98 . int . debbie and mike' house - morning Grace 's alarm go off . the radio come on and it play a John cougar Mellencamp song . but the lyric be different . JOHN cougar mellencamp here 's a little ditty , about Grace and she man Bruce , two Americans grow up , need to make a truce . Grace 's eye pop open . be she dream ? ext . debbie' house Bruce hide behind a hedge , watch Grace jog past . on grace notice something carve in the tree it read : " grace + bruce " . carve in the next tree , " a couple for the age " . carve in the next tree , " come on already , give he another chance " . she do a double take , continue on . int . coffee shop Grace reach in she purse to pay for she coffee and a bunch of picture fall out . they be all of Bruce and Grace . she think , definitely do not - put they there . int . SMALL wonder' day care - day Grace be help one of the kid , when she notice something outside the window . it 's a cloud formation that strangely look like bruce ( in profile ) holding hand with grace . she react as the imagery melt away into a very faint " forgive he . " ext . SMALL wonder day care - later Grace be talk with one of the other teacher . the kid , play dodgeball in the background , laugh and scream louder and louder . Grace turn and see ... Bruce get pelt by multiple ball . bruce okay , surrender , surrender . he walk over to Grace . bruce hi . 99 . grace hi.. bruce I , ah , have my first anchor tonight . grace that 's great . I hope it go well for you . he 's hit in the head by a ball . Grace can not help but smile Bruce leap at the opportunity . bruce I miss you . ( off she silence ) I just take the first step , shot myself out on the ledge , await vulnerably you response . grace . . . I do not know what to say . bruce how about you love I and you will take I back . grace no , Bruce . bruce come on , what about all the sign ? grace what ? how do you know about that ? do you talk to Debbie ? bruce ( beat ) would it help if I tell you I act like a ass ? Martin be stand nearby . martin hey , you say ass . bruce it 's okay as long as you mean a donkey . I do not add " hole . " it 's only bad when you say " ass - ho - - 100 . grace alright , inside , Martin . ( to the other ) okay everyone , inside . the kid race in . Grace start to follow . bruce Grace , please . none of this seem * right without you . * ( off she reaction ) * be that a glimmer of hope I see ? * grace I have to go ... * she start off . . . bruce wait . Bruce dramatically raise a hand toward grace , like put a love spell on she . bruce now how do you feel ? she look at he , oddly . grace ... be you out of you mind ? have you be drink ? bruce drin kin g? sur e. I be dru no wit h power . Bruce raise both hand in full hexing fashion ... bruce ... love me1 !! grace ( a beat ) you need help . she head back inside . Bruce throw he hand in the air , frustrated . ext . SMALL wonder' parking lot - moment later Bruce head for he car as he see a two guy in prison suit ( from the prison yard ) drive off with it . 101 . bruce hey11 that 's my car !! int . bruce's car - continuous the prisoner drive off laugh . prisoner # 1 ha , nice wheel , huh ? bruce sit up in the back seat . bruce thou shalt not steal . the prisoner jump . bruce car , show they the way out . instantly , the car door fly open and the seat tilt sideways dump the prisoner . bruce what be wrong with the world ? int . eyewitness news station - tv studio on a tv monitor news anchor # 1 the Dow skyrockete again today and with a new influx of paper millionaire , analyst be warning of a potential run on bank ... we see a stock graph superimpose on the screen with a ludicrous jump straight up off the chart . channel change to : newsanchor # 2 the scene nearly turn violent when hundred of disgruntled buffalo resident protest the result of last week fluke lottery result ... channel change to : 102 . news anchor # 3 ... another 37 arrest today at the beasley construction Site for indecent exposure . . . we see woman get pull away one by one into police van , after they flash they top . in the background , a " girl 's go Wild " van be there roll tape of each flash . on jack jack the world 's go mad . Jack click off the monitor . Bruce hustle in from make -up . a air of force confidence about he . nothing and no one be go to ruin he big moment . jack oh , there you be . you big debut . how you feel ? bruce you know what ? I be good . the show must go on . Bruce sit in the anchor desk , breathes in the reality . susan ( whisper ) Bruce , if I have any idea Grace be go to be there last night ... bruce Susan , you do not do anything * wrong . in fact , I find the * moment rather pleasurable . * Susan shudder , try to compose himself . susan ( flustered ) oh , really . . . that 's nice . jack okay , the saber just win the stanley Cup . it 's get pretty crazy out there . we be go to kick live to Fred at the stadium . oh , and Bruce , you win the pool again . exact score , dead on . twenty - three to one , who would have think . 103 . bxa < ae < b= " " d= " " five , = " " four ... = " " in= " " manager= " " stag= " " ·= " " > jack </ ae >