buffy , the vampire slayer buffy , the vampire slayer by joss whedon fade in : ext . medieval village - just before sunset we see a italian village at the height of the plague . funeral procession , decrepit house with they window board up ... the stench of death all around . title : europe . the dark age through the filth a knight walk he horse . he be weary but not so dingy as he surround ; a stranger in this part . he come to a inn , where a boy take he horse round back . he enter the inn . int . inn - same time the inn be dark and almost empty . a couple of patron drink silently at table . behind the bar stand a slovenly barmaid , dark - haire and lazy . she scratch at she shoulder , on which we see a birthmark . the knight approach the bar , throw money down . knight a tankard of ale , wench . the barmaid pour he a cup of ale . he drink deep , stand a moment . knight ( continue ) some plague we be have , huh ? CUT to : int . inn - upstair hall / bedroom - night the barmaid lead the knight , by candlelight , upstairs to he room . the door open inward . the knight stand in the doorway , place a hand on the barmaid 's hip . she pause a moment , then http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 1 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 buffy , the vampire slayer break free of he grasp , start down the hall . he laugh a bit , resignedly , and close the door . a vampire stand behind it . not two foot from the knight , grin at he . his eye be skull - hollow and dance in he head , he bloody smile full with tooth . his skin be gray , and peel . the knight turn slowly and see he . knight oh , my god ... the vampire lick he lip . he be on the knight in a second , push he backwards into the middle of the small room . the knight struggle but be no match for the vampire , who bury he face in the knight 's neck . the knight scream . angle on door it suddenly fly open , the lock shattered . the vampire turn like a frighten animal . in the doorway stand the barmaid , a slayer . in she hand be a wooden stake . the vampire drop the knight , who crab backwards into a corner . the slayer and the vampire come at each other . the slayer spin and kick ; the vampire fly back . snarl , he come back at the slayer . they struggle ; he slip free and be out the door . for a moment , the slayer remain still , crouch on the floor . the knight watch she . she seem to be make a decision -- perhaps even know what be go to happen . she run at the window . CUT to : ext . in front of the inn - same time the vampire come run out the front door . before he be a few foot from the front of the inn , the slayer smashes through the upstairs window and land on he . they both hit the ground , and she plant the stake right in he heart . after a moment , we hear a voice : http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 2 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 buffy , the vampire slayer amilyn ( 0.s. ) the lord giveth , and the lord taketh away . ash , ash ... she look up . amilyn ( continue ) . all fall down there be ten or more vampire walk slowly toward she in the otherwise desert street . at the front , maybe ten foot away , be amilyn . amilyn be a grin jackal , a servant to the vampire - King . his garb be a rotted approximation of a courtier 's livery . he amble toward the slayer , giggle , as she stand . behind she be lothos , the vampire - King . his skin be deep white , and smooth . he wear a long coat -- he dress be not of any era . he be practically upon she before he speak . lothos you must forgive amilyn . he tend to drool before supper . she turn . he smile , almost lovingly . slayer lothos ... lothos you people will never learn . she swing at he but he grab she arm . amilyn laugh obnoxiously . lothos grab the back of the slayer 's head , bring she to he in a loving embrace . lothos ( continue ) we can not be stop . this be we world now . he pull she head back swiftly , snap she spine as she head hit the back of she leg . lightn flash . CUT to : http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 3 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 buffy , the vampire slayer int . english castle - night lightn flash outside the window . it be torrent rain . a old man speak to a hysterical girl of sixteen or so . they be both obviously noble of birth . girl I can not ! man you know you must . there be only one . now you be that one . it be time . girl why ? why I ? man she have die . you be the next to be call . why do you think you be send to I ? train as you be ? you bear the mark . he pull aside she blouse to reveal a birthmark on she shoulder , identical to the barmaid 's . man ( continue ) the mark of the coven . girl I do not understand . man ever since Adam and Eve first leave the garden , he follow : the serpent . Satan . he send he legion in the shape of man , to feed on we , to breed he Hell on we earth . they be a plague upon we . the man unravel a satchel of cloth . from it he pull a elaborately carve wooden stake . man ( continue ) but as long as there have be vampire , there have be the coven ; http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 4 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 buffy , the vampire slayer the line of slayer . one with the strength and the skill to kill they , to find they where they gather and stop the swell of they number . one die , the next be call . girl I be just a girl . man you be much more . he hand she the stake . she feel the fit . man ( continue ) one die , the next be call ... as she grip the stake more tightly , a awareness and sense of power see to fill she . she lift the stake over she head . closeup - a hand the hand be lift high , but it be not the girl 's . it hold not a stake , but a pom-pom . ext . hemery high football field - wider shot - day open credit over : a football game in progress . the stand be pretty full , the crowd enthusiastic . the hemery football stadium be just that ; a real stadium , not just makeshift stand on grass . on the sideline be the hemery cheerleader , lead by buffy . she be blonde ( in nature as in name ) , pretty , and very gracefully athletic . she obviously enjoy what she be do , and she 's good at it . with she on the squad be jennifer and nicole , two of she best friend . beside they the coach , yell at the player . the scoreboard read hemery versus . seton . on the field be jeffrey , wide receiver ( and buffy 's boyfriend ) , andy , quarterback , and grueller , the huge leave tackle . buffy and the crowd wince as Andy be sack for a nine - yard loss . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 5 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 buffy , the vampire slayer coach come on , do the play ! the one where ... the one from the book ! where you make it go forward ! the player huddle . andy all right , guy , come on ! he hit grueller 's helmet . andy ( continue ) grueller ! fill that hole ! they be all over I ! okay . let 's run twenty - two . grueller , close the pocket , watch out for thirty - five . Thompson , run the post , right , wide out . Jeffrey , go up the middle and run around like a chicken . they clap and break . as they line up , Jeffrey look over at buffy . she smile at he . he wink , very suave . buffy and cheerleader Jeffrey ! Jeffrey ! he 's we man ! if he can not do it we do not want it ! on the hike , Andy drop back and look for a receiver . Jeffrey run in circle like a idiot ( and not unlike a chicken ) , wave he arm until Andy sail he the ball and he break for a touchdown . the crowd go wild -- particularly buffy , who do a impressive stand backflip . Nicole look at she , impressed . buffy smile at she , giddy . coach ( look around ) be that good ? be that a good thing ? CUT to : int . the mall - afternoon http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 6 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 buffy , the vampire slayer the mall be typically busy . buffy , Nicole , Jennifer and KIMBERLY can bee see make they way through it . they be all dress very similarly : bright color , a lot of white and pink . not trashy , but mainstream and uninspired . esprit . all of they carry shopping bag ; they have do a good day work . title : california . the lite age the girl pass by store , vaguely window shopping . buffy Mr. Howard be so heinous . he 's always give I a hard time . I get a C - plus on the test and he tell I , ' you have no sense of history . ' I have no sense of history ? he wear a brown tie . nicole you get a C -plus ? I can not believe I cheat off you . buffy Excuse I for not know about El salvador . like I be ever go to Spain anyway . ooh ! a dress on a rack outside a store have catch she eye . she take it and hold it in front of she . buffy ( continue ) mmmm . would not I look just edible and nutritious in this ? kimberly and Jennifer catch up to they . KIMBERLY guy , what 's the sitch ? I be bored . buffy ( modeling the dress for kimberly ) ) what do you think ? KIMBERLY please . it 's so ' 91 . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 7 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 buffy , the vampire slayer girl oh . buffy put it back . KIMBERLY what be we do ? buffy why do not we see a movie ? KIMBERLY well , where ? jennifer omniplex ? nicole nee sitch . no way . buffy no thanks . nicole they do not even have dolby . KIMBERLY beverly Center . buffy please . they show preview for foreign movie . nicole amc ? KIMBERLY / buffy bogus corn ! KIMBERLY totally stale . and the usher be like , the acne patrol . we be think pavilion . sitch ? buffy sound toasty . we be go pavilion . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 8 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 buffy , the vampire slayer jennifer excellent . buffy what 's play there ? a stranger , walk the other way , bump into buffy , do not stop . a man of about fifty , he be dress shabbily , ina wrinkle black suit and a black shirt . he somewhat resemble a priest . buffy ( continue ) Excuse much ! not rude or anything . KIMBERLY ( call back ) Nice ensemble ! nicole what a homeless . the girl continue walk . the man stop , turn to stare after they . his look be intense , slightly worried , he face somewhat haggard . Intelligence shine through he eye . he hold himself stiffly , arm close to he , almost as if he expect something to strike at he . this be merrick . he pull a picture out of he coat pocket , look at it . look at they . int . movie theater - day the film be in progress . this have no effect on the girl , however , as they continue to talk ceaselessly . they all have diet soda . nicole ( to buffy ) so , be Jeffrey really spend the night at you house ? buffy that 's the plan . nicole good enough ! http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 9 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 buffy , the vampire slayer jennifer you parent be always go away for the weekend . you be so lucky . buffy ( maybe not ) yeah , I guess . jennifer my mom do not go anywhere . she even do the shopping network . I be gonna die a virgin . KIMBERLY what do Jeffrey 's dad say ? buffy ' just remember you be in training , so n ' nicole oh , God . KIMBERLY he be so bald . seat a few row behind the girl be pike and benny . the be fairly punk out , ( and not currently attend high school ) . Pike be long and lean , have short hair spike and a taste for long coat and black . benny be somewhat stockier , opt for a shave head and suspender . Doc martin for both . benny be clearly the more belligerent of the two -- when Pike speak , it 's with surprising wit and reserve . sometimes . pike will you guy shut up , please ? buffy it could happen . Pike and benny throw popcorn at she . pike booo ! benny suck ! http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 10 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer pike wrong answer ! no prize . nicole God ! take a chill lozenge . KIMBERLY like we do not have rights too ? buffy ignore they . benny I can not believe this people . we pay money to see this . pike no , we do not . benny oh , yeah . but I still want to know what happen . buffy everyone get horribly kill except the blonde girl in the nightie , who finally kill the monster with a machete but it 's not really dead . the boy stare at she . jennifer oh , my God . be that true ? buffy probably . what movie be this ? CUT to : angle - the moon fat and yellow , behind the cloud . we hear a long howl . ext . the movie theater - night Jeffrey pull into the parking lot in he BMW convertible . grueller , howling , sit in the back behind Jeffrey and Andy . they park and hop out , head toward the entrance . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 11 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer grueller look at that moon ! it 's huge ! come on , guy , we gotta do something tonight . Party . andy you know , if you would spend more time at home sleep , you would spend less time on the field , suck . jeffrey you be a bone out there today . anyway , I be book . gonna spend some quality time with the little woman . andy and grueller ( cough it into they hand ) pussy -whipped . pussy -whipped . jeffrey you guy be pathetic . grueller later for you , then . I be blow . Andy , you come ? andy no , I will hitch a ride with Jeffrey . grueller okay . later . andy headbutt ! Andy and grueller bring they forehead together with painstake slowness , grimace , and barely tap head . andy ( continue ) later . grueller walk off , head through a park . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 12 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer at the same time , Pike and benny emerge from the theater . they pass Andy and Jeffrey and the two pair circle each other , almost growl , eye lock , before pike and benny turn and walk off , not quite in the direction grueller take . buffy , kimberly , Jennifer and Nicole come out right after . buffy head straight for Jeffrey and they kiss massively . buffy Nice game . andy Jeffrey , I do not mean to sound sexist or anything , but can I borrow she ? buffy Andy ! jeffrey no way . you would get she dirty . ( off she look ) he would , honey . he 's a animal . CUT to : ext . the park - same time grueller walk through the tree , enter a enclose clear of grass . he hear something , stop . maybe he name , maybe just the bushes rustling . he look about he , hesitantly . start forward , stop again . grueller yo ! who be that ? do not mess with I man , I will rip you head off . nothing . grueller ( continue ) come on , come out here . let 's see what you get . rustling . no one . grueller ( continue ) forget this . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 13 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer he turn on he heel , ready to drop all show and bolt . wally bessel be right behind he . wally be a ninth grader , small , nerdy , and recently undead . in mark contrast to the older vampire in the prologue , wally be freshly undead . he still have fat on he face ; in fact , he look almost normal from afar . but he inhuman eye and he uncommon pallor mark he as a vampire . and the way he speak be unearthly . hollow , almost detach ; repeat phrase sometimes almost as though he have never hear they before . he smile at grueller . grueller ( continue ) bessel ! what be you do here ? wally hi , grueller . grueller what be you grin at ? you think I be scared ? wally could be . grueller you think so ? wally could be . grueller grab wally by he shirt collar and readily hoist he small body up , wally 's foot dangle two foot off the ground . grueller listen , you little worm . I could beat you head to a pulp for you , just like I do last year , you get that ? you get that ? wally ( repeat ) get that . grueller http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 14 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer good . he let wally go . wally remain two foot in the air . grueller 's eye go wide . grueller ( continue ) what the ... wally smile even more broadly , quietly hiss . he have long fang , make somehow more grotesque by the fact that he also have brace . wally 's hand vise onto grueller 's head , lightning quick . grueller scream . angle - pike and benny cross a street , turn and listen . angle - jeffrey' car speed by , everyone pack into it . Andy howl back at grueller , mistake he intent . he settles back . the girl be look at he . andy it 's um ... you have to be there . in the front seat next to Jeffrey , buffy wince slightly . jeffrey you okay ? buffy I ... yeah , I be okay . I be fine . angle - the full moon CUT to : int . buffy' live room - angle on tv - night we see another full moon , this one on the tv screen . " dracula " be on , lugosi 's original . the light be off in the live room as Jeffrey enter from the kitchen , sit down on the couch hold a bag of munchy . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 15 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer buffy be still in the kitchen , make corn . Jeffrey flick the remote , change channel . angle - the tv the movie be replace by the local news , in mid-broadcast . a newscaster sit at he deck , a super of a teenage girl behind he . newscaster -- the fourth such disappearance in less than two month . the sheriff be not available for comment , but a police spokesman issue a statement , say that the situation be not out of hand ... CUT to : int . kitchen - same time buffy 's father walk purposefully into the kitchen hold a suitcase that he plop by the front door . he cross out again as buffy 's mom cross in , also with luggage . buffy' dad we be gonna be late . TI know it . buffy' mom ( to buffy , but not look at she ) now , we will be back on Sunday , number 's on the fridge , do not drive the jaguar and tell consuela my underwear do not go in the dishwasher . she 's already out again by the end of this , as dad come back in . buffy' dad have fun be good stay away from the jag . buffy I know . and he 's out the back , mom enter on he heel . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 16 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer buffy' mom well , that 's everything . kiss noise . she actually make a kiss noise at she daughter . buffy " bye . buffy 's mom head out the door as buffy head into the live room . int . live room - same time buffy' mom ( call out ) bye-bye , Bobby ! jeffrey bye ! ( to buffy ) they think my name 's Bobby ? buffy well ... it 's possible they think my name 's Bobby . jeffrey Real ' quality - timer , ' Hugh . buffy something like that . jeffrey hey , it work for I . if they want to leave you alone in the house , all helpless and vulnerable ... buffy sit , squint disapprovingly at the screen . she have a bag of microwave lite popcorn and be spraying diet butter substitute on it . buffy what show be this ? jeffrey it 's the news , buffy . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 17 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer buffy oh . who 's in it ? ( off he look ) I know what it be . it 's what 's on instead of the movie . jeffrey I just want to see the basketball score . it 's important . buffy ( over a handful of popcorn ) mmmnkay . Jeffrey lean in toward she . jeffrey of course , there be ... other consideration ... he start kissing she about the face and neck . she lean submissively back on the couch as he work he way on top of she . he give she a long kiss on the mouth , then work over to she ear . as he be burrow about in there , buffy sneak another handful of popcorn into she mouth . she lean back , by accident , on the remote . angle - the tv " dracula " reappear . CUT to : int . 18 th century chinese whorehouse - night not , by any stretch , a upscale joint . Dark , cramped , and scummy . a young chinese Whore sit on a bed , wear little enough that we can see the telltale birthmark on she shoulder . a repulsive british sailor be dress , he business finish . look disgust , he throw he payment on the bed . for some reason , the bed be litter with popcorn . sailor you never touch my heart . he leave . alone , the girl hear a noise in the dark corner , a wet rustling . slowly she get up to see . approach ... http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 18 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer it be a pool of blood . reach out of it . she run out into the end . stand there , at she and we see she soon . she stare at it , terrify . a hand hall , but it lead nowhere but a dead wait for she , be lothos . he smile be now buffy . lothos CUT to : int . buffy' house - bedroom - early morning buffy be thrashing in shoulder and shaking buffy ! bed . Jeffrey be hold she by the she . jeffrey hey , what 's the sitch ?!? wake up ! she wake , grasp , face . oh , wow . she eye melting into focus on Jeffrey 's buffy oh , wow . oh , wow . jeffrey you be have a nightmare . he settles back down , he arm around she , and almost instantly begin to fall asleep again . jeffrey ( continue ) what would you dream about ? buffy nothing . jeffrey come on , what be it ? buffy nothing . it be just a dream . CUT to : http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 19 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer int . lothos ' chamber - same time Dark , cavernous -- wall hewn from rock , light torch clamp to they . cold stone floor and in the foreground , a dark pool of blood . a hum , possibly a chant , fill the air . a figure step up to the pool , he back to the camera , and kneel before it . he hold he hand over the surface of the blood . as he speak , he voice a urgent hiss , we track around he , see that it be amilyn . amilyn you have bring we here , and we thrive . we thrive . you will awake in a new world . just as I promise , untold splendor , ruby drip from we lip . just as we say . closeup - amilyn' hand a hand shoot out of the pool and grab amily n's . amilyn lean over and fervently kiss it . amilyn ( continue ) soon ... CUT to : ext . school yard - day buffy sit with Nicole , Jennifer , kimberly and cassandra . cassandra be not quite in the same league as the other girl -- for one thing , she study . she 's not as glamorous , nor a vacuous . buffy the environment . they consider this a moment . nicole the homeless ? KIMBERLY oh , please . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 20 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer jennifer be there any good sickness that be not too depress ? buffy guy . the environment . I be tell you , it 's totally key . the earth be in terrible shape , we could al die , and besides , sting 's do it . KIMBERLY I think he be do Indians . Jeffrey and Andy arrive , sit . Jeffrey straddle buffy from behind , wrapping he arm around she . she snuggle in he jeffrey hey there . buffy hi. jennifer ( shyly ) hi , Jeffrey . andy whatchya guy do ? nicole the winter dance . we need to come up with a theme . jeffrey the senior dance ? how about ... " we friend , the beer ? ' andy " put out for fun and profit ' ... possible think ... KIMBERLY try new clue-flake . buffy it have to be , like a socially conscious theme . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 21 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer cassandra ( read from a memo ) " one that reflect the student ' grow awareness of and involvement in the world around they . ' jeffrey | andy downer . buffy I still say the environment . that 's my suggestion . cassandra it be a pretty crucial subject . buffy see , cassandra like it . cassandra 's my friend . andy I like it . can I be you friend ? jeffrey stay away from my thang . ( to buffy ) sorry , honey . ' thing . ' nicole environment . that 's cool with I . KIMBERLY okay . cassandra so , what be the most immediate threat to the world environment right now ? cassandra have paper and pen , be poise to make a list of suggestion . cassandra obviously know the answer , but regards she friend silently , wait to see what the come up with . the other all look at each other uncomfortably . jeffrey well , um ... litter ? http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 22 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer andy litter , yeah ! everyone but cassandra be impressed by this . gary murray , a come up to the always say he jeffrey ( to cassandra ) write that down . jennifer okay , what else ? nicole Forest fire ? andy communism ? buffy bugs. cassandra ( helpfully ) okay , guy , how about the ozone layer ? KIMBERLY oh , yeah ! nicole right ! buffy we gotta get rid of that ! that 's right . well meaning but pompous little administrator , kid . he 's kind of like Charlie Brown : you whole name . gary murray I do not suppose you kid hear the first bell , do you ? the first bell be say , ' start go to class , it 's time to go to class . ' in about thirty second the second bell be go to be say , ' already be in class . ' http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 23 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer jeffrey we be have a very important discussion here . gary murray why do I have trouble believe you ? jeffrey something from you childhood , maybe ? gary murray button it , Kramer . class be start . be there or beware . Gary Murray walk off . andy man have a complex . buffy he 's get a ... what do you call it ? a napoleonic code . jennifer it 's ' cause he 's so tiny . andy yes , but what he lack in height he make up in shortness . they get up and start head to class . KIMBERLY let 's meet tonight , okay ? buffy where ? KIMBERLY Cafe blase . nicole cool . we can figure decoration and stuff . buffy http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 24 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer cassandra , you gotta come , too . cassandra can not . History report . the norman and the saxon . buffy bogutude . blow it off . cassandra I really can not . besides , it 's pretty interesting . buffy ( not harshly ) you be weird and I be afraid of you . seriously , cassandra , there 's a lot cooler thing you could be do than you homework . cassandra like what ? buffy like my homework . buffy smile , trot off . CUT to : ext . the CITY - night we see shot of the desert city at night . it 's a small , upscale town . suburban street , business , and a_ few more depressed area , board up house . no one be out . tree rustle , shadow flicker , but the curling mist be the only visible presence . CUT to : int . cafe blase - night a classic faux - fifty L.A. diner . picture of frankie and annette , bright light , that same tired fifty standard play on the jukebox . buffy , kimberly , Jennifer and Nicole be sit at the end of the counter , at the corner . KIMBERLY http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 25 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer I do not see why we have to invite everyone . buffy kimberly , it 's the senior dance . nicole if we do not invite all the senior we can not use the school fund , you know that . KIMBERLY can not they make exception ? maryanne heinel ? she 's such a scud . can not we have a maryanne clause ? nicole well , look who 's here . girl ' Pov Pike and benny have enter the diner , quite drunk . as they pass the jukebox , benny give it a kick and the music stop . a few people look up , annoyed , as they approach the counter . waitress hey ! benny the fifty be over . pike ( earnestly ) we have to learn to let go . waitress do not give I any trouble , okay ? pike no trouble . we just want to eat . they sit next to buffy and begin pool they money on the counter . it come to about $ 2.50 , heavy with penny . pike ( continue ) come on , come on , fork up the scub . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 26 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer benny that 's it , man . that 's the whole story . pike we be look at a dog , possible coffee ... he dig and produce a quarter from he pocket . pike ( continue ) it 's coffee . benny amazing ! KIMBERLY ( to the other girl ) smell of booze much . nicole Nice much . pike ( to the waitress ) can we have a hot dog , please , medium rare , and a cup of joe ? buffy you guy be thrash . jennifer ( to buffy ) what be you talk to they for ? benny ( to buffy ) what do you say ? pike yeah , we be drunk . we be the drunk . what 's you name ? buffy buffy . benny http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 27 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer figure . pike do people ever call you ' buffy the buffalo ? ' I be just wonder . buffy give he a look . pike ( continue ) the do not . you kind of wish they would , though . KIMBERLY wit-tay . pike I be sorry . I be Pike . this be benny . KIMBERLY Pike be not a name . it 's a fish . pike hey , wait a minute ... benny you be the guy from the movie ! pike ( good naturedly ) we hate you guy ! the girl all make sad noise , real sarcastic . pike ( continue ) you guy be way rude . it be shocking . nicole you just snuck in anyway . pike so you have to ruin the movie for we ? you know , other people have feeling , too . KIMBERLY http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 28 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer I be so sure . the waitress bring the hot do . benny take it out of the bun and hold it over he crotch , phallus-like . benny hey , buffy , you hungry ? TI get something for you ... the other girl look down and shriek . buffy look at benny , look at he in the eye . angle - buffy' hand it close silently around the knife at she place . buffy be still look at benny , she seem to be hypnotize he , and maybe even herself . the noise in the diner seem to fade away for a moment . buffy shift slightly , almost a twitch , and the spell be break . the SOUND return , buffy look away , let go of the knife exactly where it be . benny look down . his hot dog have be slice neatly down to about a inch . he be shocked . benny ( continue ) hey ! she waste my dog ! pike ( smile ) bummer metaphor . buffy look off , a little surprised herself . CUT to : ext . STREET - night Pike and benny have leave the diner and be walk down the street . Pike produce a bottle of mezcal from he coat pocket and take a swig , hand it to benny . they continue to pass it back and forth . benny Rich bitch . they be a plague . they have gotta be stop . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 29 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer pike you do not like they . benny they be all the same ! they be so stick up , they be just ... they be not even human . I hate they . pike would you sleep with they ? benny yes. definitely . definitely . please , god. pike well , there it be , be not it ? you do not even like they , and you would sleep with they . what 's that all about ? benny I get a news flash , man , another shot of this and I will have sex with you . pike oh , yeah , and then you will never call I . they continue walk . a shadowy figure appear behind they , follow . CUT to : int . diner - night the girl have all finish they sundae . nicole come one , that be so weird . buffy ( uncomfortable ) what , it 's not weird . I just cut the stupid hot dog in half . KIMBERLY http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 30 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer I can not believe they still eat it . jennifer ( to buffy ) where would you learn how to do that ? buffy I do not learn ... I just ... it 's not a big deal . KIMBERLY buffy , I be gonna tell Jeffrey you be play with another man 's Hebrew National . buffy ( annoyed ) get a boob job . nicole it 's like when we take gymnastics in eighth grade . buffy make a face . she do not want to hear this story . we hold on she as Nicole tell it . jennifer what happen ? nicole buffy be on the uneven parallel -- she be really good ; coach say she could have be in the Olympic -- but she be do a routine , spin , and the beam break . jennifer you be kid . nicole snapped . buffy be , you know , on the upsw , and I swear to God she go across the room . perm over heel . jennifer oh , my God ! ouch ! no wonder you quit . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 31 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer nicole well , that 's the thing . she land on she foot . do not even sprain a toe . and I go up to she and she turn and look at I and she 's like this -- she make a hyper- intense face . the other laugh . nicole ( continue ) -- like she 's gonna kill I . buffy I be just scared be all . nicole no . it be mondo bizarro . KIMBERLY buffy , the ape-woman . nicole seriously , buffy . that look be way twisted . what be you think about ? CUT to : ext . STREET - night perhaps in answer , we see the same shadowy figure move behind Pike and benny as they continue to walk home . they be really bomb now . they be somewhere in the hill now , and they come to the edge of a steep incline overlook the valley . a waist-high concrete wall be build into the side of the earth . they stand below a thick , green tree . pike I will have it run in a week . it 's be beauty . it just need new shock , you know , break pad , a engine , and some wheel . it will be totally cherry . Pike finish the bottle , eat the worm , and chuck the bottle over the side . there be a moment before they hear it shatter . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 32 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer benny when you get you car together , man , let 's bail . pike you think ? Split ? benny utterly . let 's bail this town . it 's get ... I do not know . let 's go somewhere where there be not any rich bitch . pike we own world , where we could live and grow bean . hundred of bean . benny waver , catch hold of Pike . benny I think I be gonna ralf . he lean over the side of the wall , hang he head down . pike do not worry , benny . I be here for you . Pike fall over backwards . pike ( continue ) I be here for you , ralf . Pike pass out . closeup - benny still wait to throw up . the figure approach slowly from behind he . the figure be a few foot away from he when a hand shoot down from above and grab benny 's face . angle - in the tree amilyn sit on a low branch , pull benny up to face he . amilyn have change he manner of dress drastically . he wear a motorcycle jacket and sunglass . his hair be punk out . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 33 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer benny be in shock , as amilyn hold he easily by he shirt collar . amilyn you wanna go for a ride ? amilyn lean back -- all the way back , fall back out of the tree and pull benny with he . we see they fall out past the wall just as the shadowy figure reach it . it be merrick , the man from the mall . he run to the side of the wall , look over . the two be already lose in the dark mist . merrick turn around , look about he . he dig in he pocket , pull out a cross and a stake , hold they tightly . while digging he pull out a old , stain picture , lay it on the railing . stake and cross in hand , he stand by Pike look out at the night . angle - the picture it be a ten year old girl about to blow out the candle on she birthday cake . the cake read , " happy birthday , buffy " . CUT to : ext . football field - afternoon buffy , Nicole and Jennifer and another cheerleader be practice . jennifer what be the step after ... the one from Thursday . I never learn it right , I do not think . buffy show she . they do it together for a minute . buffy that be so cool . nicole thank you very much . buffy nobody be even gonna look at the game . jennifer http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 34 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer hey , I be think , for the dance , what about a big sign that say " do not tread on I ' . you know , and a picture of the earth . buffy do not tread on the earth ? nicole I do not get it . buffy how do you not tread on the earth ? I mean , you kind of have to . jennifer I never think of that . nicole I gotta bail . you come ? buffy you guy blow . I be wait on cassandra . she 's gonna help I with my history . nicole cassandra 's really smart . buffy yeah ... she 's okay , though . nicole I guess . jeffrey be you go out with Jeffrey tonight ? buffy jealous ? Jennifer laugh , uncomfortably . buffy ( continue ) do not worry , Jennifer . someday you prince will come . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 35 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer nicole yeah , just make sure you do first . let 's go , guy . buffy b'bye . the other girl leave . buffy be alone on the empty field . she look around she . she start do a routine , tentatively . then she run toward the middle of the field and jump , fly into a extraordinary series of gymnastic flip and cartwheel . she roll into one final flip , a huge one , and land , a perfect ten , about three inch from merrick . she scream in surprise , step back . buffy ( continue ) God , where the hell do you come from ? you scared I to death . merrick I be sorry . that be impressive . the ... tumble . his accent be clipped -- british . buffy what ? oh. I use to do gymnastics . be you look for someone ? merrick I be look for you , actually . buffy be I in trouble or something ? merrick not at all . my name be merrick . I be send to find you some time ago . I should have find you much sooner but there be ... complication . you should have be teach , prepare . buffy what be you talk about ? http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 36 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer merrick I have searched the entire world for you , buffy . buffy why ? merrick to bring you ... you birthright . buffy my birthright ? you mean , like a trust fund ? merrick look at she . buffy ( continue ) I have a trust fund my great - grandfather , or maybe it be a inheritance , ' cause he 's dead , and I spend it on shoe . merrick you must come with I . it 's much too late already . you must come with I to the graveyard . buffy wait a minute . my birthright be in the graveyard ? later not . merrick wait ! buffy you be one of that skanky old man that , like , attack girl and stuff . forget you . my , um , my boyfriend be gonna be here in about thirty second , and he 's way testy . merrick you do not understand . you have be choose . buffy http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 37 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer chosen to go to the graveyard ? why do not you just take the first runner up , okay ? merrick you must believe I . you must come with I while there 's still time . buffy time to do what ? merrick to stop the kill . to stop the vampire . buffy let I get this straight . you be like , this greasy bum , and I have to go to the graveyard with you " cause I be choose , and there 's vampire . merrick yes . buffy do elvis talk to you ? tell you to do thing ? do you see spot ? merrick I do not have time for you prattling . I have proof . you bear the mark . he step forward and pull the neck of buffy 's shirt aside , revealing she shoulder . merrick ( continue ) the mark of the coven ! the -- where 's the mark ? there be no birthmark on she shoulder . he look at the other merrick ( continue ) the mark of the -- wait a minute . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 38 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer buffy push he hand off she . buffy you mean that big hairy mole ? Excuse I : eeyuu . TI have it remove . and , like , know about my big old mole be not proof of anything except that it 's way past medication time . she start to walk away . buffy ( continue ) just stay away from I , okay ? merrick do you ever dream that you be someone else ? buffy stop . this obviously register with she . buffy everybody do . merrick in the past . a girl . maybe ... a magyar peasant . a indian princess . a slave . the last one hit the mark . buffy I be a slave . merrick in Virginia . buffy I do not know . it be ... there be a big gram or something . and there 's one , I be like a prostitute ... merrick China . buffy oh , my God . I never tell anybody about this . I remember the one http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 39 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer about the peasant , too . God , there 's a bunch . be this , like channele or something . merrick roll he eye . buffy ( continue ) I have a dream once where I be ... there be like , knight in it , and I work in this bar . and I ... be fight . I be always fight . and there 's a guy ... he 's not always there , but he 's horrible , all white , and he 's always ... try to kill I . merrick lothos . the name have a obvious effect on the girl . buffy how do you know all this ? merrick I have to show you . CUT to : angle - the SUN thick and orange , sink beyond the hill . ext . graveyard - sunset merrick lead buffy , search for a particular grave . buffy I can not believe I be do this . I can not believe I be in a graveyard with a strange man hunt for vampire on a school night . merrick why do not you ever tell anybody about you dream ? http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 40 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer buffy oh , yeah , tell everyone I be crazy . beauty ida . buffy stop , wince slightly . buffy ( continue ) ow. merrick cramp ? buffy none of you business . god. merrick this be it . buffy be stand on a freshly dig grave . the headstone read : " ROBERT berman , 1972 - 1990 . GOD be at he heel " . merrick ( continue ) Robert berman be kill three day ago . the body be find in the bush out by the canal . extensive tissue damage -- tear -- at the neck and shoulder . coroner think it 's a dog . you sit she . he point out a plot of ground about eight foot from the foot of the grave . buffy sit and lean against another stone . merrick reach into he jacket , pull out a stake and a cross , hand the cross to buffy . buffy wait a minute . merrick just for protection . you will not have to do anything . I just need you to watch . buffy all right . what do we do now ? http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 41 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer merrick we wait for Robert to wake up . merrick go over to the other headstone , crouch by it . buffy do you have any gum ? angle - sunset the last red glimmer disappear behind the hill . CUT to : ext . outside the school - same time cassandra stand wait for buffy . the sun be down , darkness increase . she look at she watch and give up , head for she car . her key in the door , she hear a rustling behind she . look slowly around . CUT to : ext . graveyard - same time buffy sit fidget . play with she fingernails . merrick stay in the position , listen . a low , almost inaudible moan come from under the ground . buffy sit up straight , hold the cross to she . the moan become louder , almost a scream . the SOUND be follow by the SOUND of finger scrapping wood -- of wood splintering -- of digging . the moan continue , become eerier , somewhat more articulate . buffy and merrick wait . angle - the grave finally , finger break through the ground and hold stiff in the open air . the moan become a triumphant hiss . the finger clutch at the ground . ROBERT berman pop halfway out of he grave like a jack - in- the - box , he face dirty and dead -white . he see buffy in front of he , and he bob toward she with a crazy grin , stretch as to a mother 's tit . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 42 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer merrick drop down behind Robert and grab he , raise the stake . buffy watch , immobilize . a pair of arm shoot up from the ground right under buffy . they grab she and pull she to the ground . next to she face , the face of another vampire , a young woman , emerge grin from the crumble earth . buffy scream lustily , and struggle to break free . merrick be momentarily distract by this , and Robert throw he off , and pull himself out of the grave . merrick fall to the ground , and he stake go fly . buffy pull herself out of the girl 's grasp , start run away , but the girl grab she . buffy remember the cross in she hand , spin and hold it to the vampire 's forehead . it burn and the lady let go , scream and fall to the ground . buffy " bye now . buffy run . angle - merrick and ROBERT they be struggle , several foot away . Robert grab merrick by the shoulder and pick he up , prepare to bite he . a stake suddenly pop out of he chest , plant in he back by buffy . he fall and die . merrick where 's the other one ? buffy she -- it leap at she , scream . she throw it off , as merrick produce another stake and throw it to she . buffy stick it in the vampire 's heart . she die , scream , she face still smoking , blood spurting onto buffy . buffy look at herself . at the blood . CUT to : ext . front of buffy' house - night http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 43 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer merrick walk buffy to the door . she be silent , slow . merrick go to school tomorrow . try to act normal . do not let anyone know what 's happen . this be important . when the vampire find out who you be ... you will not be hunt they anymore . buffy all right . he hand she a piece of paper . merrick meet I at this address after school . buffy I have cheerlead squad . merrick skip it . buffy nod . merrick start back down the path . buffy merrick . merrick stop . buffy ( continue ) they can not come in , right ? unless you invite they . be that true ? merrick it 's true . merrick move on . buffy go inside . CUT to : int . buffy' house - foyer - same time buffy shut the door , turn to go up to she room . she be startle by someone stand in she path . she almost scream . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 44 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer it 's she mother . she stand , arm akimbo , look very confrontational . buffy look a sight , and stand uncomfortably in front of she mother for a moment . buffy' mom do you know what time it be ? buffy uum ... around ten ? Mom tap she watch , annoyed . buffy' mom I know this thing be slow . she cross out of the room . buffy' mom ( continue ) you pay a fortune for something ... ( call out ) honey , come on , we be gonna be late . her mother go , buffy let out a small sigh -- of relief or frustration , it be not clear . she head upstairs . CUT to : int . buffy' house - bathroom - night buffy stand at the sink , wash she shirt . she try to get the blood off with fierce intensity . she be near tear . CUT to : int . buffy' house - bedroom - night she sit in the middle of the bed in she pajamas , the blanket pool around she . she can not sleep . finally , she lie back on the pillow . lothos be beside she . CUT to : int . school hall - day buffy walk through the hall slowly , obviously the worse for http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 45 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer last night 's wear . Gary Murray come up next to she , look at he watch pointedly : she 's late for class . he move on . Jeffrey , go the other way , stop next to she . jeffrey hey , baby , how ya do ? you look beat . buffy I do ? I guess I do . jeffrey where be you last night ? I call you house like four time . buffy I go to sleep . I think I have the flu or something . Jeffrey back away from she . jeffrey I can not get sick . you know -- training and all . I be gonna be late . buffy " bye . Jeffrey move off to class . buffy walk on a bit . she bump into Nicole . nicole hey , buffer . you look thrash . buffy thanks . nicole you and cassandra get anything do last night ? buffy look confuse for a moment , then remember . buffy oh. no . she never show . CUT to : http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 46 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer int . lothos ' cave - closeup of cassandra's face she be waking up , obviously from be knock out . she blink stupidly , look around . she be lie by a pool of what look to be dark water in a large cave . torch burn around she . she try to get up and find it difficult . she pull herself up to the side of the pool and splashes water on she face . it 's blood . she start , stare with grow horror at she hand . she do not even see the figure rise from the pool at first . it 's lothos . he wear no shirt , only white trousers and boot , the style maybe nineteenth century . no blood seem to touch he as he rise . he look at cassandra with a almost sleepy lust . lothos I find it restorative , sleep in the life- blood of so many . to feel they soul coursing about I . cassandra what 's happen ? what do you want ? lothos ( smile ) so very much . cassandra my parent have money ... lothos yes , I be sure they do . this place be everything you say it be , amilyn . cassandra turn . amilyn stand behind she , grin . he hiss , bare he fang at cassandra . cassandra what ... be you ? lothos be we so strange ? so alien to http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 47 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer you ? I have see this culture , the wealth , the greed , the waste ... it 's truly heartwarming . the perfect place to spread my empire . honestly , Eastern Europe be so dead , the Communists just drain the blood out of the place . it 's liven up a bit in the past few year , but it 's nothing compare to this .... this Mecca of consumption . the city of angel . he step right up to she . lothos ( continue ) what be we ? we be man , perfect . we exist to consume . on the world " to consume " we see amilyn mouth the word with lothos , he eye to the ceiling . he 's hear this a hundred time . amilyn so ? do we change this one , or do we just drain she ? cassandra pull she gold card out of she wallet . cassandra here , look . my gold card . it 's you . I will never report it . amilyn snatch it from she , look it over . lothos she have a certain quality , this one ... amilyn bite the card . amilyn I do not think this be gold . lothos not as single - minded as the other , not as sybaritic . almost thoughtful . she 's useless . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 48 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer cassandra no , wait . I can be dumb . really . or mean , or whatever . I can learn . I be useful . lothos really ? cassandra swear to God . he rip out she throat , tear at it with he tooth as blood gush around they face and she wriggle , twist , die . he hurl she into the door and wipe blood from he mouth . lothos I wish you would not mention he ... slowly cassandra slide down the wall , she eye glaze over . as she descend we see , stencile on the wall , " hemery High School . maintenance only . " CUT to : int . warehouse - afternoon grey , dusty and long since abandon . sunlight pour in through the large window , practically cake with dust . Old crate be stack here and there , bit of manikin lean on one or two . merrick sit on a crate , read the newspaper . buffy enter hesitantly , put down she bookbag next to a pile of merrick 's stuff , include a roll - up sleep bag . this be definitely not she turf . she run she finger along a crate , pick up a world of dust . she hold up she finger at merrick . buffy Fire the help . no kid . merrick look up at she . merrick it 's not pretty , but it do suit we purpose . buffy we purpose . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 49 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer she repeat it not with attitude , but a dull wonder at she connection with this strange man . she cross to he . buffy ( continue ) what , um ... what do we do ? merrick there 's a great deal I have to show you , I be not even sure where to start there 's so little time . buffy why do you keep say that ? merrick do you know what a vampire - King be ? buffy a vampire - King ? you mean like dracula ? merrick oh , yes . and the man from you dream . lothos . buffy oh , he . merrick yes . they travel about , usually with one or two of they follower to lay the groundwork . the vampire find a community and they feed on it , make it they own . you be difficult to trace , and I think the process have go a lot further than I would anticipate . usually this goad a community into some kind of paranoid frenzy . but for some reason , nobody here seem to be pay any attention . buffy ( not pay attention ) what ? http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 50 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer buffy laugh . merrick ( annoyed ) we will cover it later . buffy I still do not get how they happen to come to my town . I mean , be I bear here because ... because they be come here ? that lothos guy , and he buddy ? merrick in a way , yes . you fate be inexorably connect to they . buffy great . first I have a birthright , now I have get a fate . hey , do I have to take note on this ? merrick ( put down he paper ) we be go to have the work hard . you will need some excuse for stay out . for you parent . buffy not a press issue . merrick I tell you , the best thing I can do right now be find out more about you . what you strength be , you like ... everything . what 's you best subject ? buffy uh ... gym . merrick yes , you use to do gymnastics . but you stop . why ? buffy well , everybody say ... it 's just kind of dorky . I mean , have you http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 51 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer ever see a gymnast 's leg ? they be like -- ( indicate huge ) -- the mighty oak . it 's not a look . merrick but you enjoy it , yes ? buffy well ... I do cheerlead now . it 's way cooler . merrick cheerlead . for ... sport event , yes ? buffy sport event , yeah . merrick all right . why do not you show I a cheer ? buffy here ? merrick yes , yes . it would be interesting . a nice cheer . buffy okay . buffy start , a bit awkwardly , do a cheer . buffy ( continue ) who we gonna beat ? merrick ( pathetically follow she motion ) who we gonna beat ? buffy ( stop ) no -- you do not have to -- http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 52 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer merrick oh. I think ... you lead I -- buffy no . you do not do anything . I do it . merrick oh. good . she start again . buffy who we gonna beat ? who do we defeat ? who will we be pulverize into cream of wheat ? gradually , buffy get more into the cheer . the step become more complicated as she repeat the verse . closeup - merrick hand we see a knife slip out of merrick 's sleeve . he palm it , hand behind he back . in the middle of she routine , he hurl it at she . she catch it , reflexively , inch from she face . stop dead . then burst into tear . merrick be throw off by this reaction . buffy oh , what the hell be wrong with you ? you throw a knife at my head ! merrick I have to test you . buffy but you throw a knife at my head ! merrick and you catch it ! only the choose one could have do that . buffy I do not want to be the choose one , okay ? I do not want to spend the rest of my life chase after http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 53 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer vampire ! I just want to graduate from high school , go to Europe , marry Charlie sheen and die . it may not sound too exciting toa sconehead like you , but I think it 's swell . and then you come along ... and ... and then I 'ma member of the hairy mole club , so you throw thing at I ! she be come at he now . he begin to back up . merrick it be necessary . buffy ( realize ) last night . you know I be sit on a fresh grave , do not you ? merrick I do not think you understand the full implication of -- buffy punch he in the face . he go fly a good way , land on he back . his nose bleed merrily . buffy stop . buffy oh. sorry . merrick ( get up ) do not you see what 's happen ? you be change . you have get power you have only just begin to tap . physical , mental prowess you have never dream of . ( pull a handkerchief out of he pocket ) God , this hurt . I have administer a few shock to you system to start the adrenaline work . I be sorry I have to take so many shortcut in the training process . buffy put you head back . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 54 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer merrick two day ago , would you have even hit I ? let alone so powerfully ? buffy no ... I guess I would have get Jeffrey to hit you . merrick exactly . you be change . you be become something extraordinarily powerful . buffy look at the knife in she hand . the music come up and we ... CUT to : a series of image and intercut scene buffy 's period of training . over the difficult course of it , she be obviously become more self - possess , more at ease . her style of dress loosen a bit : a little punkier . stop die she hair blonde and she root start show . accumulate a few more hole in she ear . ext . the warehouse - night buffy do a series of gymnastic flip , swinging on vine , etc . CUT to : ext . school - day buffy arrive late for class . CUT to : int . brentano be - day buffy charge some book : lawson 's treatis on demonology , psychological interpretation of vampirism , the Book of the Dead , and the complete garlic cookbook . CUT to : int . warehouse - night http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 55 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer merrick sit on a crate , read the obituary and circle certain entry . buffy stand on she head , sweat with concentration . the camera tilt up to reveal she foot . between the toe of one be a nail brush , with which she be very carefully painting she toenail . CUT to : int . melrose clothing store ( " rock STAR " ) - night amilyn and a few of the old - world vampire be on a spree , try on various leather jacket . as they cavort , the camera track behind the counter , where we find the clerk , bloody and dead , slump on the floor . CUT to : ext . school - day buffy kissing Jeffrey goodbye after school . a long , linger kiss , during which she pull away , anxious to get go . she start off , come back and plant a big ol ' on he lip one last time before split . CUT to : ext . miniature golf course - afternoon merrick and buffy be play . merrick tee off , shoot horribly . buffy ( as announcer ) ooh , another embarrassment for the teabag , while the choose one be still well under par . merrick you turn . buffy position herself . buffy what about bat ? do they turn into bat ? http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 56 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer merrick no . no bat , no fly . they ... float , occasionally . not really fly . buffy toasty . be there ever any , like , famous vampire ? merrick oh , several . lucretia borgia , Joseph mengele , Franklin pangborn ... be any of that name familiar ? buffy if I say ' no ' do that make I a bad person ? merrick good Lord . what do you study in history ? buffy my nail . she give a little ' be not that funny ' kind of laugh . he do not respond . merrick all right . you have hear of the emperor caligula , perhaps ? or Jack the ripper ? buffy they be vampire ? merrick same one . buffy oh . she consider this a moment . tees off : another hole in one . CUT to : ext . warehouse ( later ) http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 57 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer buffy and merrick sparring , work they way in between the " tree . " she be he superior in speed and strength , but he easily trip she up . she glare at he from the ground . CUT to : int . school - day buffy late again . Gary Murray watch she from the hall , shaking he head . CUT to : ext . roadside - evening two college - age guy stand hitchhike . a red convertible pull up , with a beautiful blonde behind the wheel . the guy look at each other -- all right ! they can not see she tooth , or the look in she eye . CUT to : int . church - afternoon buffy walk in , look around . she approach a priest . buffy Excuse I ... priest yes , my child ? be something troubling you ? buffy well , sort of . priest well , maybe I can help . buffy yeah . um ... could you bless this ? she hold up a six - pack of perrier . CUT to : int . lothos ' cave - night http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 58 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer we see the entire cave , the still pool of blood , the torch light . at the far end sit lothos . in he arm be the body of a dead girl . blood stain she neck and yet the image be poetic , reminiscent of Michelangelo 's " pieta " . they be both perfectly still , she drape across he lap , he with he eye far far away . the silence hold . lothos belch massively . CUT to : int . warehouse - night merrick be lecture buffy . buffy be sit , doodling in a open notebook , " uh-huh " ing and obviously not pay attention . merrick lothos be probably bear in the eleventh or twelfth century ; he 's be difficult to trace . his power have increase with age . it will be a long while before you be ready to face he . we will be lucky if we can get he to leave the area , to lie low for awhile . that will scatter the rest of they . lothos be ... he look at buffy , who be stare down at she notebook . merrick ( continue ) be extremely powerful , but he be still a vampire , and vulnerable to the same ... he look at she . be she listen ? merrick ( continue ) daylight be still he enemy . the stake can still find he heart . be she ? merrick ( continue ) http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 59 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer I have huge antler grow out of my buttock . nope . no reaction , just another " uh-huh . " angle - buffy' notebook merrick slam a stake right through the middle of it . buffy scream , jump back a good two foot and land on she butt . buffy ( angry ) what !?! merrick try to pay attention . CUT to : int . warehouse - late late night merrick talk . buffy drink coffee , try hard to stay awake . listen . CUT to : int . school - day buffy in class , take a test . Nicole lean over , try to cheat off she when she fall forward onto the desk , asleep . CUT to : int . school hall - day buffy be ushere into Gary Murray 's office . CUT to : int . gary murray' office - day buffy sit in he chair . Gary move about he desk , sit behind it , lean on it , talk to she . a fly buzy annoyingly about he head . gary murray well , I think we can safely say that something 's go on with you , http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 60 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer buffy . now , there 's nothing to be nervous about ; you be not in any trouble . I just hope maybe we could talk . do not think of I as Gary Murray , administrator . think of I as Gary Murray , party guy ! happen dude who can talk to the young . I and you . it 's open ... tell I . it 's drug , be not it ? CUT to : ext . forest - afternoon buffy stand under a tree , blindfolded . merrick stand a way apart , watch . buffy stand very still , neck crane , wait . silently , a leaf fall . it waft gently down . buffy hurl a knife at it with easy precision . angle - another tree the knife stick deep into the trunk , the leaf perfectly pin . merrick look at it . buffy smile , know she have hit the target . blindfold still on , she turn toward merrick and walk into a branch , fall heavily backwards . CUT to : int . gary murray' office - day the same session , continue . buffy still sit , expressionless , in the chair . the fly still buzy . gary murray hey , there 's nothing to be afraid of ! I know where you be come from . believe I . I will tell you the truth . I have have my drug experience , too . I do a lot -- I do some acid in the sixty . well , the late seventy , actually . it be at a doobie brother 's concert . CUT to : int . the mall - day http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 61 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer buffy at the mall with kimberly , Nicole and Jennifer . for the first time , we really see how she stand out against she friend . she be wear much more functional , cool garb , and less makeup , while they still sport the same dainty shit from the beginning . they stop to look at some dress . something in the next store catch buffy 's eye ; she wander off . CUT to : int . gary murray' office - same time Gary Murray be crouching on he desk . buffy still sit . the fly still buzy . as Gary talk , buffy pick up a push pin from the table beside she , hold it . gary murray and I could see the music flow into I , it be bright red and electric , and I feel like a big toaster , and I think , maybe I be a toaster , we be all molecule , and my friend Melissa , she head look like a big party balloon , and that scared I , I start to freak out ... buffy surreptitiously put the push pin in she mouth . CUT to : int . the mall - day the other girl be move on from the dress shop , notice buffy be not with they . they spot she in the next shop , urge she to come on . buffy put back the chain see she be look at , follow they . CUT to : int . gary murray' office - day buffy have not move , or open she mouth . the fly buzy on . Gary Murray now sit behind he desk . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 62 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer gary murray I guess you be surprised . well , you know , there 's more to most people than meet the eye . everybody 's get a secret . I just want you to know that you can always share you secret with I . what you say in this office , it will stay in this office . I be you pal . buffy smile at Gary . as he look away for a second , buffy spit out the push pin . the buz stop . CUT to : int . warehouse - night buffy sparring with merrick again . she hold a stake . this time she end up pin he , the stake at he solar plexus . he move the point to where he heart would be . CUT to : int . pike' bedroom - night the room be a shamble . outside the first floor window , it be dark night . " help yourself " by the posies blast from Pike 's stereo . Pike lie on he bed . through the window we see benny approach , slowly fade up to the pane . he 's float , really . ( he 's a vampire . ) he scrape he finger on the glass . benny Pike ... Pike sit up , turn down the music . he go to the window , begin to try to open it . it 's stick . pike benny , man , where you be ? you bail on I , I pass out , man , I almost do a jimi hendrix ! benny let I in . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 63 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer pike hey , I be try , but this window be burnt -- Pike get a good look at benny for the first time . benny invite I in , Pike . pike wait a minute . what 's wrong with you , man ? benny I be fine . pike you look like shit , benny . benny grin , press he slimy forehead against the glass . benny I ... feel .... pretty . pike no offense , man , but I think you be on something nasty . why do not you just go and cool out and I will see you in the morning or something . benny the sun ! it burn ! it burn ! he laugh at he impression , brown spittle cake the window . benny ( continue ) let I in , Pike ! I be hungry ! pike get away from here . benny I be hungry . pike I mean it . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 64 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer benny smile , move suddenly out of sight . Pike look at the window for a second , then bolt out of he room . he run to the front door , frantically hook the chain . benny appear at the door 's little window , bang and scraping the glass . benny I be hungry ! I be hungry ! I be hungry ! Pike back away . CUT to : ext . deserted STREET - night buffy walk slowly down the street , try to appear nonchalant , but look about she a lot . buffy sure be cold . what a dark night . Nice night for a walk . she whistle some , keep walk . buffy ( continue ) " feeling , la la la la feeling ' ... Boy , I be helpless . she pass a alley and there be a rustling amid the garbage can . she move slowly down the alley toward the noise . she be about halfway down when a rat scurries out from the can and down a drain . buffy ( continue ) yeucch . behind she , another SOUND . she turn slowly . at the entrance to the alley stand a vampire . they stare at each other , some thirty foot away . buffy ( continue ) hello ... she move back a step . the vampire take a step . buffy http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 65 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer ( continue ) what do you want ? it float rapidly at she , hiss . buffy look about she frantically , trap . it hit she at top speed and she instantly roll onto she back , flipping it and hurl it against the wall at the end of the alley . as it hit , buffy , still roll , produce a stake from she jacket and throw it directly at its heart . the stake puncture the startle creature 's chest . before he can so much as grab it , buffy throw a roundhouse kick , drive the stake all the way home with she foot . the vampire scream , sink to the ground . buffy turn , triumphant . buffy ( continue ) toaster - cake he ! closeup - a stopwatch a hand stop it . it be merrick , who step into the alley and stare at buffy . CUT to : ext . outside the warehouse - night the two exit merrick 's car , a old dodge dart . as they talk , they make they way into the warehouse . buffy look out for trouble while merrick unlock the door . this be obviously they routine . merrick he be slow . very simple . they will not all be that easy . buffy Fine . merrick and the alley be a mistake . never corner yourself like that . if they would come at you in force you would be dead now . one vampire be a lot easier to kill then ten . buffy http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 66 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer do the world ' duhh ' mean anything to you ? merrick you feel a little sick , do not you ? the cramp . they enter the warehouse . CUT to : int . the warehouse - same time they unload they stuff as they argue . buffy Nice conversationalist ! yeah , I feel them a little , but I be not due for two week since you be so excited about the subject . merrick it 's natural . a reaction to they presence , to the ... unnaturalness of it . it 's part of how you be able to track they . buffy oh , wonderful . my secret weapon be - pms . that 's just great . thanks for tell I . merrick you will get use to it . I be more worried about you tactical mistake . buffy you be such a wet . merrick a what ? buffy a wet ! do not I just kill that vampire ? I think I do . I do not see you kill any vampire . you be too busy play ' beat the clock ' . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 67 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer merrick do not start with I again . buffy be not I , like the choose one ? the one and only ? the Grand High poobah and do not that mean you have to be nice to I ? like , ever ? merrick buffy ... buffy and why be you always wear black ? it 's so down . t's totally not you color . I do not think you have a color . merrick what do you want ? encouragement ? ( in bad american accent ) " gosh , buffy , you be so special , I just want to give you a great big hug , oh I be just have a warm fuzzy . ' buffy oh , fuck you ! merrick turn on she . merrick do you know how many girl I have train to be slayer ? five . five properly prepare girl , girl who face they responsibility , who work hard to become woman overnight -- harder than you have ever work in you life -- and I see they rip apart . do you want to live ? do you ? buffy merrick what do you think , that be able http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 68 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer buffy look at to jump about and hit people make you a slayer ? he a bit . buffy five ? merrick five . buffy so , basically , I have get the life expectancy of a zit , right ? merrick not if you be careful . buffy how can you keep do this ? merrick it 's what I be raise to do . there be not many of we leave , the watcher . buffy watcher ? merrick there 's a small village in Hampshire , near stonehenge ... ( see she do not know it ) near a bunch of big rock . that 's where I be bear . my father teach I about the training , about find the slayer , read the sign . there 's a small cluster of we , a few family , really ... most of the neighbor villager think we be just a bunch of harmless old loony . I think so myself for a time , when I be young ... ( stop himself ) I be sorry . I be not suppose to ... I should not go on like this . buffy I wish you would . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 69 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer silence . merrick it be not important . buffy I be curious , be all . merrick buffy , do not ... do not start think of I as you friend . it interfere with the work , and it ... buffy and it make it worse when I die , right ? buffy ( continue ) well , you know , I be not gonna kick so easy . I have get a few thing the other girl do not have . merrick as for example , what ? buffy well ... there 's my keen fashion sense , for one . merrick vampire of the world , beware . buffy ( impressed ) merrick . you make a joke . be you okay , I mean , do you want to lie down ? I know it hurt the first time . in spite of himself , merrick smile . CUT to : int . school hall - day buffy , Nicole , kimberly , and Jennifer be walk down the http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 70 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer hall . jennifer so they find cassandra 's body out by the railway tunnel . nobody 's say anything , but they think she be involved in something , like , illegal or something . like deal . KIMBERLY well , I hope so . jennifer probably be . what do you suppose she be do out there . buffy dying . jennifer eeyuu . come from the opposite direction be Jeffrey , Andy and some of the other football player . they be suite up and head for the gym . andy . and they be have some memorial service or something tomorrow . you go ? jeffrey I do not know . coach say I have to work on my ' ab 's . ' andy coach know what abs be ? they pass buffy . Andy stop and grab she from behind . andy ( continue ) get to get some ! unthinkingly , buffy flip Andy over and pin he against a locker . andy http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 71 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer ( continue ) whoa ! whoa ! I be sorry . I be sorry . I do not actually need any right now . jeffrey ( to buffy ) what 's with you ? buffy do not grab I , okay ? andy absolutely . I see now the error of my mistake . jeffrey yeah , keep you mitt off my thang . I will pop you one . ( to buffy ) do he scare you ? Jeffrey put he arm around buffy but she shake it off . buffy I can take care of myself , Jeffrey . jeffrey so I notice . buffy go off by herself . Jeffrey watch she . jeffrey ( continue ) Nice to feel need . andy let 's move out ! jeffrey ( rallying ) yes ! the lad move off . we see Nicole , kimberly and Jennifer , who have be watch the whole exchange . Nicole and kimberly be obviously disdainful of buffy 's behavior . Jennifer be feel sorry for Jeffrey . Boy do she want he . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 72 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer mall fare , CUT to : int . clothing store - day a mod , brightly light store . a little hipper than you usual but not melrose either . Bright color reign . buffy be stand by a dress stall , inspect she fingernails , talk to merrick as he change inside . buffy I mean , most of the time Jeffrey 's really sweet , but sometimes he get kind of ... ' me-tarzan 'ish , you know what I mean ? lately it bug I , I guess . ( no response ) merrick ? be you still breathe ? merrick ( 0.s. ) ( from inside ) I can not work this . buffy we call they zipper . they be not suppose to be a challenge . merrick but it 's in the back . why be we waste time with this , anyway ? buffy because you clash , merrick . you clash with everything . I mean you might as well go around with a sign , " slayer train she . ' honestly , you look like something out of ... pasadena . merrick my clothes have always be perfectly serviceable . buffy well , you be on my turf now . you be just gonna have to trust I . merrick come out of the booth . he wear multi-color parachute pants and a equally loud T-shirt . buffy look at http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 73 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer he -- he look at himself . merrick I want to die . buffy ( do not like it either ) okay . the important thing be not to panic . CUT to : ext . zeph's auto repair - late afternoon Pike be hurriedly work on a part in the hood of he beat - up dodge , which be fill with all he belonging . zeph stand watch he . Zeph be about forty - five , greasy , good - nature . Pike work for he . pike you say you would have the part by two ! Christ , it 's almost dark . Pike finish , slam the hood . he pick up a batter guitar case and stuff it into the car , shut the door . zeph what nasty bug crawle up you bungus and where the hell be you go ? pike I be leave , man . I be bail town . this place have get way too hairy . zeph where be I gonna find another mechanic stupid enough to work for my money ? pike hey , have you see benny lately ? zeph no ... you want I to give he a message ? pike you should think about leave , http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 74 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer too , man . sell this place ... something 's go on here . TI do not know . something real weird . Pike get in the car . it sputter , start . zeph ah , you will be come back . pike I do not think so . zeph all right . take care of yourself . pike I be . zeph hey . what should I do if I see benny ? pike run. Pike peel out . Zeph watch he go . zeph that 's my guitar ... angle - the SUN burn down . CUT to : int . pike' car - night on the edge of town . the car have stall at a intersection . Pike be hunch over the wheel , he head down as he listen to the rasp engine . pike come on , come on . do not leave I , baby . come on , breathe . amilyn appear in the street in front of the car . Pike finally hear the scraping of he feet as he approach the car . Pike http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 75 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer straighten up slowly , and as the rear view mirror come into the frame , we see there be two more behind he . they be both high - school age , fresh like bessel and benny . they all approach , slowly . Pike wait for a second , he hand on the key . pike ( continue ) this be for the money , baby . make I proud . he turn the key again and the car roar to life . the headlight trap the hungry scowl of the vampire as Pike pop the car in reverse , smash into the back two vampire . they both go fly , hurt but not kill . angle - inside the car Pike race at amilyn , but he leap up as Pike reach he , and Pike hear a thud as amilyn land on the roof of he car . Pike continue to bullet down the street as a hand suddenly punch through the roof , grab at he . he fight off the hand and try to control the speed car . it can not be do : he go off the road and into a park . the car careen along . angle - on top of the car amilyn ride it , laugh . angle - inside the car Pike spot a tree with a low branch and head for it . still fight , he aim at the branch . it get closer . angle - on top of the car amilyn look up . angle - inside the car they pass under the branch and we hear a tearing thud . the arm stiffen and fall into Pike 's lap . the car hit another tree dead on . Pike slam into the steering wheel . the guitar case fly right through the windshield and http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 76 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer land on the grass . Pike pull himself slowly from the car . he be bleed , but not badly . just shake . he hear a low , seethe wail from a few yard back and turn around . amilyn be get shakily to he foot . pike oh , give I a break . amilyn hiss at he , then turn and race away , snarling , clutching what 's leave of he arm . one of the other vampire near he . Pike try to run and he knee buckle . he land on they right next to the guitar case . as the vampire near , he pull the guitar out of the case and swing it , hit the vampire in the head . he hit he again . the vampire bat away the guitar and grab Pike . bring he face to Pike 's as Pike squirm . a blast kick in the head from buffy . the vampire be flung to one side , fall . he start up at buffy and she nail he with a stake . Pike stare at she . she pull a walkie-talkie from she pocket . buffy ( into walkie - talkie ) I be on the east side , near the playground ... all right . she put the walkie-talkie back . buffy ( continue ) hi. pike hi there . buffy be that you car ? pike it be . I think it 's pretty much ready for the -- the last vampire hit Pike from behind . without miss a beat , buffy pick up the guitar and snap the neck off . she http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 77 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer and the vampire meet in the middle -- the creature barely move before she bury the guitar neck in its chest . it fall . merrick run up . he be wear black jeans and a windbreaker . he be more modern than he be before , but subtly . he see the decaye body , one with a guitar stick out of its chest . merrick interesting . buffy I kind of have to improvise . ( to Pike ) sorry about you guitar . pike that 's okay . umm , listen , I be not .... I have to fall down now . Pike 's eye glaze over slightly as he collapse into buffy 's arm . CUT to : int . boiler room - closeup on amilyn - night thrash about the room in hysterics , scream and snarling , bang he one fist on the boiler tank . it boom hollowly . lothos grab he , throw he up against the wall . lothos what 's wrong with you !?! amilyn my arm ! he take my fuck arm ! lothos shut up ! you let he have it ! lothos let amilyn go . amilyn still fume , quietly . lothos ( continue ) you reckless imbecile . this place be ours for the take and you let yourself ... twelve hundred year old and you act like a child . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 78 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer amilyn I have he in my grasp . lothos cheer up . you may still . only lothos smile at the joke . amilyn raise he stump , look at it . the tatter end of he jacket cover the grossness of it , but it still be not good . amilyn ( forlornly ) I look horrible . lothos the other two -- the new one . where be they ? amilyn I do not know . but the boy , he could not kill they . lothos ( thoughtfully ) no ... not a boy ... ( gather himself ) find out if they be dead . and do something about that arm . honestly , I do not know how you make it through the crusade . he turn toward he chamber . lothos ( continue ) let I know about we little recruit . I will be in my chamber ... on he way through the door he pass a box on a oil drum . he pluck a large kitten out of it . lothos ( continue ) have a snack . CUT to : int . buffy' house - night http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 79 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer buffy and Pike walk in , Pike still a bit unsteady on he foot . buffy how be you do ? pike oh , I be good . I be good . kind of miss my knee , though . buffy you want some water or something ? pike Water . okay . they move into the kitchen . pike ( continue ) do you do this kind of thing a lot ? I mean , be this like a hobby ? buffy not exactly . pike they be vampire , be not they ? buffy yeah . pike god! unbelievable . vampire . buffy hand Pike the water and they move back into the live room . Pike curl up in a armchair by the window . buffy begin stripping off she bloody clothes , leave on a tank - top and jeans . buffy you have a car full of stuff . be you leave ? pike yeah , I be bail . I have a friend , and he 's really ... well , he 's really vampire , I guess . bad http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 80 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer scene . buffy well , stay here tonight . pike thanks . tomorrow morning , I be ona bus . I be go . buffy where be you gonna go ? pike well , I have always want to see oxnard . as buffy strip down to she tank top , she notice a gash on she arm . it 's not bleed much any more , but it 's fairly impressive . Pike jump up to help as she pat it down with she shirt . pike ( continue ) hey , jeez be you okay ? you need a hand ? buffy it 's nothing . it do not hurt . Pike look at she a moment as she wrap she shirt around it . pike ( almost awed ) who be you ? buffy do not look up . the question seem to upset she a great deal . she even fight back tear . pike ( continue ) I be sorry , I just mean ... well you seem like such a flake . but , in a good way ! I can just keep talk till you strike I dead , or ... buffy smile at this , though still upset . she sit down . buffy http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 81 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer but she stand thing be kind of confusing . pike I will back that up . buffy Three week ago all I think about be ... well , I do not actually think about anything . I definitely do not expect this . pike I know . my guidance counselor never mention anything about vampire . ' prison ' come up a few time , but nothing about undead . buffy it 's weird . I go back to my old grade school once , to the playground -- I use to hang out there all the time , play on the swing and stuff ... I go back and it be so tiny , the whole place . I could not even fit on the swing . everything just look so small . ( collect herself ) I be sorry . I be babbling . pike no , you be not . anyway , head to the stair . buffy I be kinda beat . you can stay in my mom 's room if you want . pike I think I will just hang out here . make sure the sun come up and everything . buffy you sure ? pike oh , I will be fine . get my chair , http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 82 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer get my window , I be great . buffy mmkay . she start up the stair . pike hey , buffy ... buffy yeah ? pike you know , you save my life . and I just want to say ... I forgive you for talk during the movie . almost . she give he a look , head upstairs . he watch she go , look out the window . CUT to : ext . bus terminal a bus be pull out . we see Pike through the window , look comtemplative . he watch the terminal disappear . pike' Pov the street move by . on one there be a Police Officer talk to a hysterical man . next to they be a body , cover by a sheet . CUT to : ext . outside school - morning buffy and merrick be walk along the path to the step of the main building , argue . merrick be wear casual California gear , but again , very subdued . merrick there be not time . buffy make time , okay ? you be the one http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 83 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer who tell I to act normal . I have miss three practice already . if I be not there for the barber game tomorrow everyone 's gonna talk . merrick another distraction . it 's not right . buffy why because it 's not my fate ? it 's not in the book-of - all - knowledgefullness that I be gonna be cheerlead at the barber game ? merrick sooner or later you be go to have to accept it . you fate . buffy I be pretty much learn not to accept anything anymore . come on , merrick . football . afterwards we can kill and kill until there be nothing leave . merrick all right . buffy toasty . you should come ; it 's gonna be a great game . merrick oh , I will be there all right . I be not let you out of my sight . not till you be ready . buffy try and be inconspicuous , okay ? Act like a fan . merrick ( be a fan ) football be my life . buffy you be learn . slowly , incredibly slowly , but you be learn . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 84 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer she turn to go . merrick none of the other girl ever give I this much trouble . buffy and where be they now ? she smile at he and run up the step , where Jeffrey be wait for she . he look at the depart figure of merrick . jeffrey so that 's you tutor , huh ? what be he , like , you boyfriend now ? buffy Jeffrey . projectile vomit . they enter the building together . CUT to : ext . football field - night right before the game . the scoreboard read " hemery versus barber " . fan fill the stand . we see buffy with the other cheerleader . she 's really into it , enjoy herself as they all rally the crowd . we see merrick take a seat . he be wear another new outfit a letterman jacket and baseball cap . he have binocular around he neck . he take he seat amidst the teens . Real inconspicuous . CUT to : int . locker room - same time the coach be give player he pep talk . coach some people say win be a state of mind . can not win out there if you do not win -- ( point to he head ) http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 85 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer -- in here . I say , win be not a state of mind . I say win be have more point . and how do we get point ? by put the thing , the ball over the .. in the place . amilyn end zone . coach right . so I do not care about you mind . maybe you be tired . maybe you be worried about you grade . maybe you dog just die or you have suddenly find that you be attract to other man . I do not care ! ' Cause we be a team . and there only on thing that matter to a team . what that ? team win ! coach and how do we win ? team by put the thing in the place !! coach so let 's go !! team yeahh !!!! they run out , full of fire . the coach turn to one player , whose face we can not see . coach there you be ! you miss practice again . you be bench till the fourth , um , the fourth part . now get out there . coach head out . the player turn around , smile after he . it 's grueller . CUT to : http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 86 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer int . stadium tunnel - same time the player run out toward the field , yell . the last of they be grueller . he float behind they slowly , grin and speak in a passionless voice , again as if he be repeat word phonetically . grueller go team . rah . go team go . CUT to : ext . football field ( later ) fourth quarter . the scoreboard read " hemery : 17 , barber : 21 " . fifty second leave . cheerleader two ! four ! six ! eight ! who do we emasculate ! barber ! barber ! yay !! on the sideline , a player hobble out and coach push grueller in . he pass buffy and she wince slightly . it mess up the routine and Nicole practically fall over she . nicole buffy , Jesus ! you know this step . buffy sorry . buffy start cheer again as the player huddle . angle - merrick he be watch buffy through he binocular . a teen nudge he . teen hey , can I borrow you binocular , man ? merrick ( without look around ) no . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 87 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer teen you be check out the cheerleader . all right . buffy , man . merrick do turn . merrick what about she ? teen everybody know about she , man . merrick know what about she ? the teen lean closer . teen she 's have sex . he nod at merrick ; " you know what I mean " . merrick turn back . merrick I be on the wrong bloody side . angle - the field the player be line up . grueller , at leave tackle , smile at the player face he , growl . the player look worried . andy twenty -three ! thirty -two ! hike ! the player scramble as Andy hand off . the carrier get a few yard . when the pileup on the line of scrimmage peel apart , the player that have be face grueller be unconscious . as he be carte off the field , grueller gleefully trot back to the huddle . angle - buffy watch the game , a little perplex . angle - the stand merrick watch buffy . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 88 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer angle - the sideline the coach yell at the player . coach come on ! do the thing ! where you ... go towards the guy ! come one ! throw the thing ! angle - grueller smiling , listen to Andy call the play . angle - another section in the stand kimberly sit , complain to no one in particular . KIMBERLY what be they do ? the clock 's run out ! ( shout ) throw the ball ! she sit back , turn to she neighbor . KIMBERLY be they so brain-dead ? her neighbor smile at she . he be a vampire , and he speak in the same monotone that grueller use . he wave a pennant . vampire fan rah . angle - the field the player be line up again . grueller be drool . the other team be really worried about he now . the snap . Andy drop back and lob it to Jeffrey . Jeffrey be way open . he catch it easily , look behind he as he run . barber player be rush at he . and grueller be come at he too , throw other player right and leave . Jeffrey look a little worried . he bolt down field , toward the end zone , grueller on he heel . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 89 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer angle - buffy she see something be definitely wrong . buffy Jeffrey ... in a flash , she race onto the field . nicole buffy ! jennifer what be she ... angle - merrick he stand , he eye follow buffy . angle - KIMBERLY she also see buffy . KIMBERLY oh , wow . she 's really lose it . vampire fan Party hearty . everybody rise to they foot and cheer as Jeffrey make it to the end zone . angle - the clock two , one , zero . angle - the field grueller hit Jeffrey a second before he be envelop by other player . grueller , hungry with bloodlust , be confuse by the exultant crowd , snarling at people . buffy race for the crowd . she see Jeffrey be all right . grueller make he way out of the throng and up into the stand even as everyone else be rush onto the field . Jeffrey be triumphant . he see buffy run for he and raise he arm . she pass he right by and continue after grueller , http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 90 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer head up the stand . he look after she , confuse , before he be swamp again . angle - merrick he try to make he way through the crowd . angle - top of the stand grueller reach they and leap over the back . buffy see he , run up and without hesitation , dive off herself . the stand reach some thirty foot off the ground . buffy sail down like a diver , grab a branch about halfway down . she swing like a gymnast and the branch snap . still hold the break branch , she complete a perfect flip and land on she foot . the vampire fan be on the ground behind she , come for she and without stop or even turn she twirl the branch and sink the break end in he heart . she look around for grueller . he be book out , already several yard away .. merrick appear at the top of the stand just in time to see buffy take off after grueller . merrick wait ! buffy ( call as she run ) he know who I be ! she continue to race after grueller . angle - merrick running back down the stand , make he way through the disperse crowd to the nearest exit . CUT to : ext . STREET - same time buffy be still follow , but she can not keep up . she spot a biker tooling along the street on a harley . she come up to http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 91 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer the side of the road and tentatively stick she thumb out . the biker smile , stop in front of she . angle - the bike Ground level , behind the bike , we see its engine revving , smoke puffing from twin pipe . biker hey , babe . you want to get some real power between you leg ? buffy look at the biker a moment . angle - the bike the same angle as before , ground level . suddenly the biker 's body land in front of camera closeup - wheel spin closeup - hand revving the engine . buffy take off at top speed . biker dyke ! you be a dyke ! I be tell the world ! CUT to : ext . construction site ( moment later ) a rustling in the tree signifies grueller 's flight . second late , buffy roar into view behind he . she navigate the street with less ease than determination . her eye follow he off the road and she steer the bike ona violently bumpy and erratic course through the site . she finally hit a pile of brick and be throw headlong from the bike . she hit the ground hard ; she roll into it but have trouble get up . buffy' Pov http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 92 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:45 , buffy , the vampire slayer grueller 's smile face appear over she . grueller fall down go boom have to see the nurse . buffy ( 0.s. ) grueller , God , what do they do you ? he bring he face right next to hers . his voice be no longer passionless ; it boil up from hell . grueller they kill I . resume scene he grab she and haul she up . buffy no kid . she head - butt he with enormous force , send he staggering back . before he can recover , she dive for a pile of discard lumber , choose a nasty shard of wood . she turn on grueller , who be smile again . there be two more vampire approach she , surround she . grueller the master walk tonight . this be he kingdom , now . they rush she . she take one on as the second hit she , knock she over . they all three swarm over she , meeting she kick with rake claw . the two hold she in front of grueller . grueller ( continue ) you know , buffy , I have always want you . he smile again and lean toward she neck . the stake that pop out through he chest be as much a surprise to he as it be to buffy . he fall backward , shocked and dead . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 93 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer behind he stand Pike . one of the other vampire stupidly go after Pike , who run away . buffy instantly flip the other one over onto grueller , impale he as well . Pike run more or less in a circle , yell , the vampire at he heel . pike I do not mean it ! I do not mean it ! wooden shard in hand , buffy sprint toward they , jump into a series of flip . she land with she leg around the vampire 's shoulder , plant the stake in its heart as they topple onto Pike . for a moment , Pike and buffy lie on top of each other , breathe hard . then they get up awkwardly , embarrassed by they touch , ( and by they slight arousal ) . buffy I do not expect to see you . pike I know . buffy why would you come back ? pike I do not know . I kind of think I ought to be here . you know , this be not exactly the kind of thing you can run away from . buffy thanks . pike besides , oxnard suck . they start out of the site . pike ( continue ) listen , I ... I really do want to http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 94 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer help . I mean , this guy be dag nasty , and somewhere my best friend be out there , and I would like to , I do not know . even the score . do some damage . I be good with damage . angle - kimberly's car she drive by , see buffy with Pike . it 's a eyebrow - raiser , but she keep drive . buffy Pike , I do not think you be up to this . pike I think I could help . you gonna tell I you do not need help ? CUT to : ext . STREET - same time merrick run up to the street where buffy take the harley . he have shed the raccoon coat . the biker be still there , stand in the road try to thumb a ride . merrick do you see a girl come by here ? biker you do not mean , like , a cheerleader ? merrick yes . biker yeah , I see she . bitch take my wheel . merrick wheel ? biker my bike ! she 's a lesbian , too . she tell I . merrick http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 95 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer which way do she go ? biker down there . he point . the camera pan with merrick as he take a step in that direction , leave the biker behind ( and momentarily out of frame ) . merrick idiot girl . can not watch over she . how long ago do -- the camera pan back with merrick as he turn to the biker , but in he place stand lothos . not five foot from merrick . merrick oh , my God . angle - the biker on he knee , lothos ' hand firmly lock around he throat . he can not move or breathe . merrick and lothos look at each other a moment . lothos it 's a beautiful night . I have never understand the human tendency to equate darkness with emptiness . to I the black be so thick with life , like soil ... like blood . darkness writhes under my eye . he look at the night . merrick slowly reach for a gun stick in the back of he pants as lothos continue . lothos ( continue ) I know who you be . she 's out she , as well , be not she ? another slayer . who be it this time ? what offer have you bring I ? ext . another STREET - angle on buffy - same time she be crouching on the ground , hold she stomach and gritting she tooth . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 96 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer pike buffy ? what 's wrong ? buffy oh , God . it 's he . I think it 's he . pike who ? buffy ( not answer ) merrick ... buffy up and run in the direction of the noise . call back to Pike . buffy ( continue ) stay here . she run out of sight . CUT to : ext . STREET - angle on the biker - same time lothos let he go and he fall , dead . lothos it do not really matter . the name , the face , they all melt together . after a time , there really be no difference . one more pathetic bitch , begging for I to suck on she clotted heart . merrick this one may surprise you . closeup - the gun merrick hold it firm behind he back , finger on the trigger . lothos I rather doubt it , if she be raise here . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 97 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer he laugh . he do not appear to have notice the gun , but : lothos ( continue ) where be she ? I can not wait to meet she . do you think she 's ready to face I ? or perhaps you can stop I with that gun . merrick perhaps . merrick look out at the tree nearby . merrick Pov buffy appear , far away , between the tree . merrick look at lothos , afraid he will notice . angle - buffy approach , stop some twenty yard away . she look about she for a weapon . lothos look at you . you pathetic thing . so small , so full of fury . after you have serve I for a hundred year , I think you will have a little more perspective . merrick I do not think so . lothos rush suddenly at merrick , hiss , he foot just off the ground . merrick step back , whip out the gun , and shoot himself without hesitation in the head . buffy 's eye go wide . lothos growl , hold merrick 's spurting corpse . a small , involuntary noise escape buffy . closeup - lothos http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 98 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer even twenty yard away , he hear . he spin and stare , starest at camera . listen . buffy walk slowly , silently backward , fade back into the dark , terrify and shocked . lothos turn back and look at merrick dead in he hand . disgust , he let he drop . lothos fool . he look at the blood on he finger . after a moment , he taste it . CUT to : ext . STREET ( later ) Pike be stand by the tree where buffy stand before , look out into the street . pike' Pov the same angle as buffy 's , before . now lothos be go . buffy be kneel quietly by merrick , hold he head in she lap . CUT to : ext . a wood - just before dawn through the dark mist buffy appear , carry merrick 's body in she arm . she be alone . she do not stop . CUT to : ext . graveyard - morning on the outskirt of the graveyard , buffy finish fill in merrick 's grave under a old tree . she be still wear she cheerleader outfit , now cake with dirt . she stand at the foot of the grave , try to think of a prayer . buffy ummm , we Father , who art in Heaven , duhmm ... hallow be thy name . uhh , kingdom come , daily break , I do not know . I do not even know if http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 99 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer you be religious . you probably be . but you be dead , you know . you be just totally dead . and ... she sit heavily on he grave . buffy ( continue ) and I do not know what to do . you be the one who ... I do not know if the training be over . I do not even know if I pass . you be so stupid ! how could you be so stupid ? what be I suppose to do without you ? you son of a bitch ! she stop , look down for a moment . buffy ( continue ) amen . CUT to : int . zeph's auto repair - day Pike be at work on a contraption . built out of scrap and part , it be the beginning of a cartridge - load crossbow . Zeph watch , behind he . zeph hah , I would know you would be back . do not I say you would be back ? ha , ha , ha ! you be sit in you old car say " nope , I be never come back . ' hee , hee ! like you get anywhere to go . ' I be never come back ' but I know you would . bird get to return to the nest sooner or later . that 's what I say . just like I tell you ... Pike pay no attention to this babbling monologue . over the course of it he take a slim , handmade wooden shaft , slightly thicker than a arrow , and rub it with garlic . he place it in the crossbow , take aim in front of he . he fire into the tire of a truck . the tire pop flat . Zeph crack up . zeph http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 100 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer ( continue ) hah ! shot the damn tire , dumbass , do not even look , just go around shoot thing , pop it flat , ya bonehead . Pike , still not listen , continue to work . CUT to : int . gym - day we see a banner stretch across the central beam of the ceiling . it read " the earth be our home " . a half dozen inflatable globe dangle from the ceiling . Nicole and kimberly be stetting up the drink table , unload and stack hundred of styrofoam cup . Jennifer cross by they , carry a armful of plastic wrapping and container . jennifer I get all the plastic stuff . what should I do with it ? KIMBERLY ( " you idiot " ) throw it out . Jennifer cross out as the two resume they conversation . nicole I really be way way too too . KIMBERLY oh , please ! when she run onto the field in the middle of the game ? be that the most out - of - it thing ever , or do I blink ? nicole I be , like , yell at she , ' what be you do ? ' and she 's go " Jeffrey , Jeffrey ! ' Way mental . they laugh . Jennifer be the first to see buffy walk in , look clean - up but still rag . they stop laugh . jennifer hi , buffy . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 101 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer buffy hi , guy . KIMBERLY you be suppose to be here at three . buffy I forget . KIMBERLY buffy , what be you sitch ? you be act like the thing from another tax - bracket ; it 's too weird . buffy look , a lot 's be go on . that 's what I want to tell you guy about . I need to tell you . you see ... a while ago , I meet this guy -- KIMBERLY oh my God you be have a affair . nicole cool ! jennifer do Jeffrey know ? buffy it 's not that at all . this be a old guy , he 's like fifty . KIMBERLY / nicole eeyuu . buffy no , no . listen . have not you guy notice how weird thing have get around here ? like , people disappear , people turn up dead ... nicole what be you talk about ? http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 102 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer KIMBERLY weird ? you mean like you hang out with that homeless , poke ? I see you last night after the game . buffy Pike . nicole you be have a fling with he ? jennifer he do not look fifty . buffy guy . guy ! reality pull out of she five minute ago . KIMBERLY oh , thank you very much . nicole like you have get a grip . KIMBERLY you be so out of it . you have blow off cheerlead , you have blow off dance committee -- buffy Excuse I for have something important to do . KIMBERLY this be not important ? the earth be we home . buffy kimberly , it 's a dance . it 'sa stupid dance with a bunch of stupid kid that I see every stupid day . nicole so , we be stupid now ? KIMBERLY you know , just because you be have full - on wiggan do not mean you http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 103 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer have to drag we into it . this be not just any dance . the last dance of nicole except for prom . it happen to be we last year . KIMBERLY right . jennifer and spring fling . KIMBERLY okay . nicole and the January semi-formal -- KIMBERLY okay ! look , buffy . you want to play house with the unwash mass , that 's fine . but personally , I think you ought to spend a little time prioritize . buffy I really do . listen to you . what language be you speak ? KIMBERLY get out of my facial . she storm out . nicole well , I guess you for . buffy Nicole ... nicole later for it . she also leave , with Jennifer . room , small amidst the streamer . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 104 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 get what you come buffy stand alone in the buffy , the vampire slayer CUT to : int . buffy' kitchen - evening buffy stand at the sink , rinsing a glass for way too long , stare . her mother breeze through the frame . buffy' mom dinner 's in the fridge , stay away from the jag , we will be back by twelve . she stop , seem to notice something about buffy . buffy' mom ( continue ) buffy , honey ? buffy ( want to talk ) yeah ? buffy' mom have you gain a few pound ? maybe it 's that outfit ... buffy maybe . buffy' mom what 's Bobby gonna say ? buffy I do not know , Mom ; I have never meet Bobby . buffy' mom ( laugh ) be not we the chatty one . kiss noise . and she 's out . buffy look at she clothes , herself . CUT to : ext . mall parking lot - night Pike drive slowly between the car . he see buffy walk http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 105 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer toward the mall . he pull up by she , park . get out of the car . pike buffy , hey , I have be look all over for you . buffy do not stop . he pace she . pike ( continue ) I be work on some stuff for you . what ' cha do ? buffy I be go shopping . do not try to stop I . pike cool . I could actually use a couple of Allen wrench . what do you need ? buffy a dress . pike dress , huh ? what for ? buffy for the dance . pike come again ? buffy I be go to the senior dance . pike ( charade ) second word ... sound like ' dance ' . she stop . buffy I be go to the dance . pike http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 106 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer what for ? buffy in order to dance and to drink punch and to be with my friend . comprende ? pike I do not believe this . the world 's under attack by the legion of the undead and you be go to a mixer ? buffy it 's not a mixer . it 's the senior dance . and it 's important . you would not understand . pike you get that right . I think you want to kill vampire . buffy I do not want to kill anybody , and I do not want to talk about it anymore . pike listen , I know you be bum about you friend , and I be really sorry ... buffy ( offhand , almost disdainful ) he do what he be suppose to . pike but , buffy , you be the guy , the choose guy . buffy right . I be the choose one . and I choose to be shopping . pike I should have know . buffy raise she fist at he ; he start back , involuntarily . buffy leave I alone . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 107 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer pike benny be right . you guy be all exactly the same . buffy walk away , leave Pike alone . pike ( continue ; call after she ) I be not disappointed , I be just angry . as Pike walk off , the camera tilt up the lamp post behind they . benny be perch upon it . buffy buffy ? buffy ? CUT to : int . boiler room - night vampire be gather around . lothos stand with benny . benny be beam . lothos buffy ... lothos laugh , long and hard . CUT to : int . the mall - night buffy look at dress , most of they fairly tight and fairly out there . she hold one in front of she , look in a mirror . CUT to : int . zeph's auto repair - another night Pike sit , fiddling with he crossbow . look out the window , discontented . laid out next to he we see wooden shaft , garlic , and a cross . CUT to : int . buffy' house - bedroom - night http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 108 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer buffy lay she dress on the bed . we can not see exactly what it look like . she stuff some blood -stain clothes into a duffel bag along with some stake . she toss the bag in the closet . CUT to : ext . the gym - prom night dozen of limo pull up . kid pour inside . CUT to : int . the gym - night the party be underway . streamer everywhere , table by the window . couple dance , a d.j spin the tune . there be a setup in one corner for take prom picture . the kid be all very elegant and hip . every shade of black be represent . angle - punch BOWL Nicole and kimberly stand by the punch bowl , chat . they be both wear slinky little black dress . angle - the door there be two : at one end , lead to the house ( it 's close ) and one lead outside . Gary Murray stand by the outside door , on guard , as student enter . he be look disdainfully at Andy and hold a flask he have confiscate . andy well , it come with the tux . buffy enter the gym . she be wear a long white strapless gown . it be lovely , but very conservative for this crowd . over she shoulder be a purse that go with the dress . she enter hesitantly , look around she for Jeffrey . she pass Andy , who be move away from Gary Murray . andy buffy ! look tasty . buffy thanks . have you see Jeffrey ? http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 109 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer but Andy have move on . buffy work she way through the crowd to the punch bowl , see Nicole and kimberly . they stop whisper real quick . buffy ( continue ) hi , guy . nicole hi. buffy have you guy see Jeffrey ? the limo never show , I think he might be here . Nicole and kimberly look at each other significantly . nicole I have not see he tonight . buffy oh . she pick up a glass of punch . buffy ( continue ) I be glad you guy be here . it 's good to see you . KIMBERLY ( miss sarcasm ) yeah , whoops I come . buffy ( try again ) you look way pretty , Kim . KIMBERLY I know . I like you little outfit . nicole it 's amazing what you can do with a parachute and some starch . KIMBERLY http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 110 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer as long as there 's room for three in it . what , do not you bring you new friend ? buffy be startle by this attack . Nicole giggle . buffy I guess you guy be mad at I . I be sorry . I have be really -- Jeffrey suddenly appear between they . Jennifer be on he arm . buffy ( continue ) Jeffrey ! there you be . I -- she stop , as everybody assess the situation . buffy be shocked , do a slow fade to hurt . Jeffrey be uncomfortable . Jennifer be apoplectic with embarrassment . kimberly be in serious giggle , Nicole a bit more restrain , check it out . jeffrey buffy , what be you do here ? buffy I think we be meeting here . jeffrey I be here with Jenny . -- who be practically hyperventilate , pull at he arm like a dog on a leash . buffy I do not understand . jeffrey oh , come on , buffy . you know what 's go on . it 's not work out at all . I have get to move on . I mean , I have get need , too . I tell you about all this . buffy no , you do not . when ? jeffrey http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 111 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer do not you get my message ? buffy you break up with my machine ? jeffrey you be not home . like always . buffy you leave I a message ? jeffrey I be out of here . Jenny . at the mention of she name Jenny jump , and in she haste to get away , she bump into buffy 's arm , spilling bright red punch on buffy 's chest . she flee , Jeffrey in tow . they leave the gym . kimberly find it all pretty funny . Nicole be silent . buffy turn away , toward the wall . a soft ballad come on over the speaker . tear be form in buffy 's eye , as she wipe futilely at she dress . finally she turn , look toward the door . buffy' Pov Pike be there , walk in on he own . he wear a leather jacket and baggy old tux pants , accented by chain , earring and unlace Doc martin . he look great . he walk directly toward buffy , and do turn a few head . pike I crash you party . buffy pretty shallow of you . pike that 's I . buffy I be glad you come . pike yeah , you look like you be have a swell time . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 112 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer Pike pick up a glass of punch as he notice the stain on buffy 's dress . he look about he a bit , then without hesitation dump some punch on he lapel , match stain . buffy smile at he . pike ( continue ) will I get the shit kick out of I if I ask you to dance ? buffy I do not actually think Jeffrey 's gonna notice . they begin slow dance , not too close . pike yeah , well , you be the one I be afraid of . they dance for a while , closer and closer . pike ( continue ; gee-whizzically ) you know , you be not like the other girl . buffy pull he closer , hold he , whisper almost weakly in he ear . buffy yes , I be . we see couple dance , kissing ... Gary Murray watch they . angle - KIMBERLY sitting by the window with she bovine date , she watch buffy dance disdainfully . KIMBERLY I can not believe it . the window shatter by she head , a vampire 's hand reach for she . she scream , start back . other window shatter , vampire appear all around . a couple of student run for the inner door but it be lock shut from http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 113 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer the other side . gradually the party stop as everybody become aware of the situation . they vaguely herd to the middle of the room . angle - buffy and pike look around , assess the situation . angle - outer door a student run staggering in , blood spurting from he neck . bloody student they be out there ! they be vampire ! God , help I ! he fall to the ground , a few foot in front of the doorway . nobody move for a second . then one of the student start toward the body . buffy do not go near the door . buffy do instead , check the lifeless body and listen as a number of figure begin to lumber toward the door through the mist . buffy step back as three 17 - year - old vampire come to the door . 1st vampire it 's party time . buffy do not worry ! they can not come in here . they can not come in unless they be invite . KIMBERLY I already invite they . everyone look at she . KIMBERLY ( continue ; defensively ) they be senior ! Pike reach into a inner pocket and pull out a number of http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 114 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer small stake he have make , hand they to buffy . she open she purse . angle - inside the purse cosmetics , hair spray , etc . she fit the stake in . buffy the first thing we should -- 1st vampire buffy ... you wanna dance ? pike ( to buffy ) look like you be bust . 2nd vampire we want she ! we want buffy . send she out . 1st vampire or we come in . they fade back , almost out of sight . Pike look out the window . more be gather . gary murray all right , everybody stay calm . ( to buffy ) what 's go on ? pike look bad , buffy . senior girl send she out . buffy what ? KIMBERLY they '1l kill we ! she 's the one they be mad at . senior boy yeah ! send she out ! http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 115 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer gary murray everybody be quiet ! andy what , be you kid ? they will kill she ! KIMBERLY they will kill we ! pike ( move toward kimberly , fist raise ) you want some punch ? gary murray I get detention slip here , I be not afraid to use they ... but other student have pick up the cry , be clamoring to sacrifice buffy . Pike cross to he bag , sit by the door . two guy move toward buffy , Andy intervene . Pike step in front of buffy , hold he custom make cartridge - load crossbow . train it on the other . they quiet down . pike there 's gotta be a back way out of here , or something . buffy look at the partygoer . her friend . they stare back at she , friend . scared , angry . she look out the door . back at she buffy I be go out the front . pike be you nut , buffy ? there 's a hundred of they out there . they will rip we apart . buffy you be stay here . ( before he can speak ) some of they might not come after I . if they do not this place be gonna turn into a total stain . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 116 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer pike you say that like it 's a bad thing . andy buffy , this be crazy . what do this guy want ? buffy Andy , start break up some chair . you will need weapon . Andy look at she a moment , move off . buffy go to Pike 's bag , start pull out stake . buffy ( continue ) good thing one of we be prepare . pike buffy , there 's no way you be go out there alone . buffy stand up . she kiss Pike very hard on the lip . buffy do not piss I off . she kneel down , begin to rip the hem of she dress . CUT to : ext . outside the gym - night we see the doorway to the gym . a mist have rise around the entire house , swirl about the foot of the undead who stand cluster about it . some have keen and eager expression , some vacant , half - conscious with bloodlust . they wait . a figure appear in the doorway , walk slowly out . buffy . her tear dress now come to just above she knee . she wear Pike 's leather jacket over it . she wear she purse strapped across she chest under the jacket . in one hand she hold he crossbow ; in she other hand be a cross . as she step further away from the doorway , the vampire slowly begin to close around she . the door shut behind she . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 117 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer CUT to : int . the gym - same time kimberly and some of the other be anxiously barricade the door . Pike look out the window after buffy . pike ( to himself ) come on , move . CUT to : ext . the gym - same time the vampire move closer and closer . they circle she . she wait , apprehensive . when they be about eight foot from she she whip out a bottle of perrier . she spray it all around , searing the inner circle . scream , they clutch they face . CUT to : int . the gym - same time pike yes ! other be watch as well . Andy come up with some chair - make stake , hand some to Pike . CUT to : ext . the gym - same time buffy be defend herself in a astounding blur of gymnastics and martial art . leap , throw kick , punch , and the odd stake , she manage to scatter they enough to make a run for it . CUT to : int . the gym - same time everyone be watch through the window as the vampire follow after buffy . KIMBERLY http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 118 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer it 's okay ! I think they be go after she ! CUT to : ext . the gym - same time almost as if it hear that , one of the vampire turn toward the gym , grin hugely . it and at least half the other turn back toward the easy picking inside . CUT to : int . the gym - same time pike ( to kimberly ) I will bet you feel stupid . gary murray let 's get away from this window ! find something to cover they with . student start mobilize . pike bring round the table . nicole there 's nail and stuff we use to put everything up . pike get em . Andy and some other drag a table forward . Pike help hoist it up against the window . he look one last time outside , then cover it up . CUT to : ext . campus lawn - same time buffy run . she head toward the nearby cluster of school building . Close behind be the undead . she pass a line of park car . angle - car http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 119 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer Jeffrey and Jennifer be in the back of he park BMW , make heat , clumsy love . we can see they through the window . jennifer oh , yes ! yes ! jeffrey oh , baby ! jennifer make I a woman ! yes ! make I a woman ! as they be spout this nonsense , buffy zoom in and out of the frame behind the car . after a second she walk back into the frame , stare at the two of they . buffy ( piss ) that be quick ! ( look up ) oops ! she book out again , the horde on she heel . CUT to : int . jeffrey' car - same time Jeffrey look up and out the window . jeffrey buf fy ? jennifer ( whining ) Jeffrey ! jeffrey' Pov vampire swarm about the car in pursuit of buffy . Jeffrey go wide - eye at the sight . start climb off Jennifer and into the driver 's seat . jeffrey ( terrify ) http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 120 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer well , I be do . be you do ? jennifer jeffrey okay , let 's go . jennifer but -- CUT to : ext . the car - same time the car roar off . CUT to : int . the gym - same time window and the board cover they begin to smash inward . a student pound in nail be catch , pull out the window . a vampire crawl in be spike by Pike . another make it in and be smashed on the head repeatedly by Andy . it stagger , smilingly , and turn toward he . pike the heart ! stab they in the heart ! Andy manage to shove the two - by-four in its heart just as it get its finger around he throat . kimberly scream . one of they have hold of she , start pull she out the window . Nicole run to she , start pull the vampire 's hand off she . suddenly , the vampire grab Nicole instead . off balance , she be almost out the window before kimberly can react , and all Kim can do be scream . Andy and Pike make it to the window too late ; Nicole be pull out , and they swarm over she . CUT to : int . tunnel - same time a vampire catch up to buffy . she shoot the last crossbow shaft at it . shucks the bow away as another reach she . she wrestle with it , fight it off but do not kill it . move on http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 121 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer as more approach . CUT to : int . the gym - same time student be still hold most of they at the window . one or two have get in . angle - the record player a junior vampire have snuck behind it and be go through the record . he stop , find one he like , and start to put it on . music : " Teen angel " . it waft over the carnage in the gym , lend it a surreal and dreamy quality . hear the music , another vampire grab kimberly and start dance with she . she scream a lot . it 's about to plant one on she neck when Pike stab it in the back . Pike turn from the die vampire and be face to face with benny . Pike be freeze for a moment . CUT to : ext . outside school build - same time buffy approach the nearest building to the gym . the vampire be several foot behind she , some twenty of they . the door be lock . she smashes it in with she shoulder . run inside . a few vampire be about to follow buffy into the building when a hand be suddenly raise before they , stop the . slowly they start fade back . it be amilyn . he smile at the other vampire , and raise he finger to he lip . shhhh .... CUT to : int . the gym - closeup on a table - same time http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 122 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer Pike be slam down onto it , benny 's face inch from he . " Teen angel " have be replace by some hard rock . benny be not this great , Pike ? be not it great ? finally get that bitch on the run . he hoist Pike up and backhand he in the jaw , send he fly against a wall . Pike shake he head as benny come at he again , no longer smile . benny ( continue ) of course I be angry ! I leave you alone for five minute , and look who you be hang out with ! he turn suddenly and grab a girl , yell in she face . benny ( continue ) I do not want girl with good taste ; I want a girl that taste good ! she faint and he drop she , turn back to Pike . Pike be get shakily to he foot . blood trickle down he forehead . benny ( continue ) I be gonna change you , man . I be gonna give you life ! do you know what that mean ? angle - another window Gary Murray , yell order at student , hold a board against a window as vampire pound on it . the expose part of the window above he shatter , raining glass on he head . angle - the photo setup a vampire be clutching a helpless girl as another vampire take they picture with a instamatic . he express confusion and dismay when he image do not come out in the photo . angle - pike and benny http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 123 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer Pike be back away from benny , who be approach he . Pike pass a overturn table , the stub of its break leg stick up at the ceiling . benny never die . never get kick around , never get bust . benny grab he with hateful force . his finger dig into Pike 's arm enough to draw blood . benny ( continue ) it mean never have to say you be sorry ! and you blow it all off for that slut ?! what about my need ?! Pike suddenly grab benny , hold he tightly in a brotherly embrace . benny be throw slightly by this . still hold he , Pike pitch onto the table , drive the leg-shard through benny 's back . Pike still hold benny as he twitches and scream , die . finally , he let go , get up . he look a little daze , a little lose . a window shatter far behind he pull he eye back into focus , and he go to help . angle - KIMBERLY sitting by a wall , tiny and silent amid the carnage . CUT to : int . hall - same time buffy move quickly along , crouching near a window and peer out . nothing . she look about she , wait for a attack . she check she purse . angle - buffy' purse cosmetics and hair spray . a small cross . no stake leave . muttering under she breath , she move swiftly into a classroom . CUT to : int . classroom - same time http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 124 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer still move cautiously , she head for the window and pull down the shade . she crouch behind the teacher 's desk and pull the chair down to she , lay it on its side . benny ( cattily , to herself ) ' ooh , make I a woman , Jeffrey ... oh , Jeffrey , you be so atheletical ... I love you ... ' she slam she elbow down on the chair leg -- very control , efficient motion -- and snap it off . look around to see if anyone be around to hear as she pick up the leg , now a weapon . she go softly to the door , peer cautiously out . closeup - buffy look out . amilyn 's face appear right next to she , also look out . amilyn all clear ? buffy scream , turn , and amilyn deck she , send she fly back into the classroom . the stake fly out of she hand . it land on a desk by the window . buffy do not land nearly as well , crash into a pile of desk and twist she leg badly . amilyn laugh repulsively , advance . amilyn please to meet you ! wo not you guess my -- ( kick she hard ) -- name ? buffy ( defiantly , through the pain ) it would not be ' Dick , ' would it ? he kick she again . buffy ( continue ) http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 125 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer ' lefty ' ? amilyn you be a fool , bloodbag . die a fool and go to hell ! he grab she by the neck with he one arm and pin she against the wall in the corner . she reach for the stake but it be just out of reach . he be squeezing the life out of she , he face inch from hers . amilyn ( continue ) the choose one . you be just another bloodbag -- not even fit to die for the master . when will you ever learn ? buffy look about for succor . angle - the window shade buffy eye the bottom of the shade , the pull dangle aimlessly . buffy ( with difficulty ) I do know ... one thing ... amilyn what ? buffy I know ... what time sunrise be . she pull down hard on the shade pull and let go . amilyn no ! he turn in horror , let go of buffy , try to catch the shade . the instant he release she , buffy grab the stake and in one swift motion , bury it in amilyn 's back . the shade go up , flap loudly as it spin . it be still pitch black out . amilyn stare , wide - eye and silent , at the night as he die . buffy http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 126 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer it 's in about four hour , Dick . amilyn spin , die rage in he eye . he grab she . his strength be formidable even as he body begin to smoke . suddenly scream , he force she over suddenly with such power that the two of they go crash through the floorboard . CUT to : int . lothos ' chamber - same time the two of they fall through the ceiling directly into the blood pool . amilyn 's body surface first , now just a husk . buffy pop up from the waist - deep blood , soak and wounded . she stay a moment , breathe hard . suddenly she eye go wide . buffy oh , god , no ... not yet ... lothos rise from the pool , smile . buffy be clearly paralyze by fear . lothos I know you would come . he move toward she . lothos ( continue ) you know it , too , do not you ? all you life , dream ... wait to feed I . buffy be suddenly galvanize into action . she throw a few punch at lothos , but he take they without flinching . she grab at the stake in what remain of amilyn 's chest . lightn quick , lothos close he hand around she and squeeze till the stake splinter and she scream with pain . he knock she back on she ass . she start move backward , away from he , but it be hard enough for she to make she way through the thick gore . lothos contemplate amilyn 's corpse , and he face darken . lothos http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 127 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer ( continue ) ah , my fool be dead . he be careless , always . still , I will pull out you tongue for that . ( come toward she ) do not you understand ? I have kill you a dozen time . you life be not a blink of my eye , not a single breath . I have live in the shadow , in the pulsing filth behind men' eye . a thousand year , and more . I have converse with the worm that feed on my corpse and I have bath in the blood of emperor . buffy ( break the spell ) have you ever throw up in the front row of a Richard marx concert ? lothos what ? and she be up , turn to run . he be throw momentarily by she insolence . CUT to : int . lothos ' chamber - the boiler room - same time but he be on she the moment she emerge from the chamber , grab she by the hair and throw she to the ground . lothos you waste time . that be a sin . he kneel over she prostrate body . she be reach frantically into she purse . he run he hand along she body , a gesture both lustful and disdainful . lothos ( continue ) you be even weaker than the other . buffy I think you have forget something . she pull out a small cross , hold it in front of he . he http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 128 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer snarl at it , then grab it , he hand around she . the cross burst into flame . he hold she hand onto it . lothos this ? this be you only weapon ? you puny faith ? buffy no ... with she other hand , buffy hold up she hair spray . buffy ( continue ) my keen fashion sense . she squeeze it at he , the spray catch fire form the cross and whoosh a jet of flame right into he face . he scream , let she go and back up . hey , he head be on fire ! buffy turn and hobble away . int . lothos ' chamber - same time lothos stumble about , head all aflame , till he finally pitch into the pool . int . lothos ' chamber - hall - same time buffy come out of the boiler room and hobble along , move as fast as she can . buffy this be the suckiest party I have ever be to . it 's not evena contest . she reach a lock door that say " gymnasium -- authorize personnel only " . put she shoulder to it . int . lothos ' chamber - closeup on lothos - same time http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 129 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer as he pull himself out of the pool , we be treat to a good look at he new head . it be char and tear almost beyond recognition . it be so inhuman look , that we be almost surprised when it scream ! CUT to : int . lothos ' chamber - hall - same time the scream fill the hall . buffy be still work on the heavy metal door . she turn , wide - eye , at the SOUND . buffy oops . CUT to : int . lothos ' chamber - lothos ' Pov - same time we track rapidly through the cave , through the boiler room , the hall . we be move much too fast to be run . CUT to : int . gym - same time buffy pull herself up through a trap door in the corner . everything stop . for a moment there be silence . buffy get shakily up . KIMBERLY do not let she in ! do not let she in ! Pike and the other see she . Pike and Andy run to she to help . KIMBERLY ( continue ) they ' 11 kill we ! get she out ! Gary Murray stop in front of kimberly , take she face in he hand and lightly pop the back of she head against the wall . Cross -ey , she slide back down into comatic silence . pike be you okay ? http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 130 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer buffy get away from I ! she push they away . lothos crash through the trap door behind she , ugly and craze . he pick she up , float a good two foot off the ground . lothos you bitch ! he hurl she the length of the room . she hit a locker , which open , spilling out someone 's notebook . the binder fall open , inside it be a plastic pen case with pen and pencil within . buffy look , by this time , like shit . she prop herself up as best she can , look about she . there be nothing wooden , nothing sharp , within reach . lothos ( continue ) you would challenge I ? Andy charge lothos from behind . Pike try to stop he , but be too late , as lothos grab he by the face without even look at he . lothos ( continue ; to buffy ) I will rip the flesh from you stinking bone ! squeeze Andy 's head until we hear something crack . let he drop . look around at the cow student . lothos ( continue ) I be a God ! a God ! buffy I be so sure . lothos roar . furious , he charge buffy , he foot just skim the ground , racing toward she , violently fast , upon she ... she spin , on she foot in a flash , one quick motion . she thrust she palm forward and stop he , cold , like superman stop a train , palm at he chest . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 131 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer silence . buffy look directly into he eye , the mad rictus of he face . lothos stop , almost wide - eye , as he look down at he chest . stick out of the middle of he chest be a small eraser , and a # 2 . he step back , stare at buffy . the expression on he horrible face seem to have change to one almost of respect . her look be unfathomable . lothos smile , graciously . lothos it do not ... hurt ... as much as I have imagine . he fall gently to the ground . he 's dust before he hit it . silence . one by one the vampire , stricken , slip out into the night . angle - pike kneel by Andy 's body . he get up , and walk toward what 's leave of lothos , warily keep he eye on the spot . in the background we see Gary Murray , run out after a vampire . gary murray just a minute , you ! I be not finish with you ! Pike kneel by the pile of dust with a pencil in it . everybody be look at buffy . she stare back at the student who cast she out . turn and walk out . Pike follow she . dissolve to : ext . the school - early morning we see the direct aftermath ; the gym , police car , people help the wounded . over this be the voice of a reporter . reporter ( v.o . ) the death toll now reach twelve and a half in the tragedy of hemery http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 132 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer High School . it be at the senior prom five day ago that the school be beset by a rove gang of crack - craze gunman . Survivors say some two hundred of the ruffian laid the school gym under a kind of siege , claim several life in the process . Said one administrator , " thing here will never be the same . ' CUT to : ext . campus - day student walk , hold they book talk . CUT to : int . the classroom - day student pass note , yawn , fall asleep . CUT to : int . the mall - day student window shopping , suck on slurpies , laugh . dissolve to : angle - a pool shot from above , the blue water filling the screen . kimberly dive gracefully into it , come up on the other side . ext . kimberly's backyard - day Kim climb out and join Jeffrey , Jennifer and a boy and girl we do not know . they be all in bathing gear , with fluorescent zinc on they nose . jennifer she be even crazier after that . I mean it , you would not even have recognize she . KIMBERLY buf fy ? http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 133 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer Jennifer nod . kimberly wrinkle she nose in distaste . jennifer she do not even hardly talk to anyone in school . all year . she do not even go to the prom . jeffrey I hear she get straight a 's . Jennifer glare at he . jeffrey ( continue ) that 's what I hear . KIMBERLY the worst be , she parent -- this be true -- she parent be gonna send she to the Bahamas for graduation , and she refuse . true story . she say she do not want to go . it be to vomit . boy well , where be she now ? CUT to : ext . a courtyard - late evening buffy and Pike be walk up the elaborate stone drive toward we . we can not really tell where they be , but there be tree , hill in the background . buffy lead the way . she be confident , at ease . she wear a large old sport jacket , a baseball cap pull backward . skirt and sneaker . casual , cool , but disarming . she carry a knapsack . pike I do not say it be a bad idea , I just say the timing be off . we could maybe wait till later . buffy do not be such a fraidy - cat . http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 134 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46 buffy , the vampire slayer pike who 's afraid ? besides I , I mean . buffy we have come all this way . we just have to check it out . I get a hunch . pike you be the boss , boss . I just think maybe we should wait . buffy stop at a large , elaborately carve door . she turn to Pike . buffy trust I . angle - door knocker buffy grab the large metal knocker , ringed through a gargoyle 's mouth . and on the boom of the knocker , we see : wider angle - the castle the castle . archetypal , turrete , terrifying . stand lonely on the craggy hill , drench in the light of the rise moon . black out . the end http://www dailyscript.com/scripts/buffy_the_vampire_slayer.html ( 135 of 135)21/06/2006 18:26:46