" bull durham " by ron shelton in baseball , you do not know nothing . -- Yogi berra whoever want to know the heart and mind of America have better learn baseball . -- Jacques barzun you could look it up . -- casey stengel titles over -- fade in : a series of still photo . Black and white . ancient . babe RUTH swing -- a icon of american history . his giant upper body balanced delicately on tiny ankle and foot . the huge bat in a elegant follow - through ... dissolve to : ty cobb round third -- the most vicious ballplayer of they all , a balletic whirling dervish . dissolve to : jackie robinson steal rome -- Yogi berra apply the tag . too late . dissolve to : joe dimaggio with he son in the yankee clubhouse . walk down the runway , Joe in uniform . number five . pullback reveal : a wall cover with baseball picture behind a small table cover with object and light candle . a baseball , a old baseball card , a break bat , a rosin bag , a jar of pine tar -- also a peacock feather , a silk shawl , a picture of isadora Duncan . clearly , the arrangement be -- a shrine -- and it glow with the candle like some religious altar . we hear a woman 's voice in a North Carolina accent . annie ( v.o. ) I believe in the Church of Baseball . ( beat ) I have try all the major religion and most of the minor one -- I have worshipped buddha , Allah , brahma , vishnu , shiva , tree , mushroom , and isadora Duncan ... pan away from the shrine across the room . late afternoon light spill into the room , across fine old furniture , to a small dress table . a woman apply make up . annie savoy , mid 30' , touch up she face . very pretty , know , outwardly confident . word flow from she Southern lip with ease , but she view of the world cross Southern , National and International border . she 's cosmic . annie ( v.o. ) I know thing . for instance -- ( beat ) there be 108 bead in a Catholic rosary . and -- ( beat ) there be 108 stitches in a baseball . ( beat ) when I learn that , I give Jesus a chance . ( beat ) but it just do not work out between we . the Lord laid too much guilt on I . I prefer metaphysic to theology . ( beat ) you see , there 's no guilt in baseball ... and it 's never boring . annie open a closet door -- dozen of shoe hang from the door . she choose a pair of red high heel , with thin strap . she sit on a bench and annie which make it like sex . ( beat ) there 's never be a ballplayer sleep with I who do not have the best year of he career . ( beat ) make love be like hit a baseball -- you just get to relax and concentrate . annie slip on the red high heel -- smooth she hand up she calve as she do . annie besides , I would never sleep with a player hit under .250 unless he have a lot of r.b.i. 's or be a great glove man up the middle . ( beat ) a woman 's get to have standard . she hold our her legs displaying the heel , side by side . like a little girl show off she new shoe . annie the young player start off full of enthusiasm and energy but they do not realize that come July and August when the weather be hot it 's hard to perform at you peak level . ( beat ) the veteran pace themselves better . they finish stronger . they be great in September . ( beat ) while I do not believe a woman need a man to be fulfil , I do confess a interest in find the ultimate guy -- he would have that youthful exuberance but the veteran 's sense of timing ... annie start packing a huge handbag -- with fruit , a official scorebook , binocular , a radar gun , and lipstick . annie y'see there 's a certain amount of " life- wisdom " I give this boy . ( beat ) I can expand they mind . sometimes when I have get a ballplayer alone I will just read Emily dickinson or Walt Whitman to he . the guy be so sweet -- they always stay and listen . ( beat ) of course a guy will listen to anything if he think it 's foreplay . annie touch perfume behind her ear and , ever so slightly , in she cleavage . annie I make then feel confident . they make I feel safe . and pretty . annie pose in front of the mirror -- she smoothes she dress along she hip . and put on a flashy pair of sunglass . stylish and slightly mad . annie what I give they last a life-time . what they give I last 142 game . sometimes it seem like a bad trade . ( quickly rebound ) but bad trade be part of baseball -- who can forget Frank Robinson or milt pappas , for godsake ! ( beat ) it 's a long season and you get to trust it . annie start for the door and grab she baseball glove CUT to : ext . anniee house -- dusk a frame house with porch and lot of tree -- a Thomas wolfe house ... with a 1959 fade red volvo in the driveway . annie leave on foot , turn onto the sidewalk of a bucolic , old Durham , North Carolina neighborhood . in the b.g. other people be head the same direction annie pull a durham bull baseball cap from she handbag and pull it on she head . annie I have try they all -- I really have -- ( beat ) and the only church that truly feed the soul -- day in , day out -- be the Church of Baseball . CUT to : ext . the church -- durham baseball park -- dusk now visible in the late afternoon sun , a rickety old stadium carve into the center of a old tobacco town . people be arrive on foot from all around ... " rock around the clock " by Bill Haley fill the air . close on a baseball clown -- max patkin , 60 , at home plate do he famous Bill Haley routine . a comic pitcher 's windup full of twist and goofy choreography . recording over p.a . one o'clock , two o'clock , three o'clock , rock ... four o'clock , five o'clock , six o'clock rock ... annie sit down in her private BOX seat -- her chair be wipe off by a young black boy , jackson , 11 , who then sit next to she . he be she employ errand runner , note sender , and friend . a group of groupies enter the park -- 20 year old girl / woman , dress in tight pants , tight everything . friendly , eager , innocent -- they wave to annie . five player ' wive and three SMALL child sit in a special box seat behind a small sign " player ' wive " . recording over p.a. Seven o'clock , eight o'clock , nine o'clock rock ... we be gonna rock around the clock tonight CUT to : ext / int . the durham bull dugout -- night as Max patkin continue he routine , player warm up , and -- the manager , joe riggins , 45 , know merely as skip , short for " skipper " , a chaw of tobacco in he cheek , stand with he pitching coach , larry hockett late 30' , a ex-big leaguer whose body have see too many cocktail lounge . larry roll some red man chewing tobacco into a slab of pink bubble gum , carefully fold the corner , tucking it neatly together . Larry examine it as they talk -- and shove the giant chaw into he mouth . skip where 's ebby ? larry ai not he warning up ? skip ( cynically ) no . the guy 's professional debut and he forget about it . larry better find we bonus baby , eh ? a player , deke , 25 , stuff a hot dog into he mouth . skip see ebby ? deke ( mouthful of food ) nope . skip whirl and head up the tunnel into the : CUT to : int . the durham clubhouse -- night skip enter , shouting -- skip ebby ?! close on a bare ass -- Baseball uniform around the ankle , short t-shirt on top , and on top of that the head of ebby calvin laloosh , baseball cap on backwards . ebby be a great look energetic man-child with the endless confidence , naivete and horniness of youth . life be a party . a young woman , millie , 20 , half nude , be dress quickly . ebby whirl as skip enter . skip Jesus . game start in four minute ! ( beat ) why be not you warm ?! ebby I be warm . skip I be fine you a hundred dollar . Jesus , ebby , this be you professional debut tonight -- you know how many guy out there would give blood to be in you shoe a ' you be leavin ' you fastball in the locker room for some piece of ass ! millie look out from behind a bat rack -- outrage . millie skip , it 's I ! I be not some quote piece of ass unquote . skip oh , millie , jeez , sorry -- I do not recognize ya . do not take it personal but if I catch you in here again you be ban from the ballpark . millie you can not ban I from the ballpark ' cause daddy donate the scoreboard and if you ban I he might take the scoreboard away . skip whatta we need a scoreboard for ? we have not score any run all year ( tough , to ebby ) get you ass out there . as skip start to leave . ebby hey boss , I get a question . skip ( stop , exasperate ) what ?! ebby you think I need a nickname ? I think I need a nickname . the great one have nickname -- something ' like oil can or catfish ... skip stare at he . he can not believe this guy . skip ya get three minute . skip whirl and head back out to the field -- and ebby unperturb , turn he attention back to millie . ebby get time for another quickie ? millie Jesus , you get a game to pitch ! ebby but we get three minute . ext . the ballpark -- moment later -- night CUT to : max patkin still flailing away to " rock around the clock " . recording when the clock strike two , three , and four and the band slow down we will yell for more , gonna rock around the clock tonight . annie look through her binoculars -- study the player warming up casually on the sideline as patkin wind up he act . p.o.v. a latin player playing pepper . annie number twenty - two 's thigh be just great . who 's he ? jackson ( read the program ) Jose galindo . he hit .314 at lynchburg last year . annie Three -fourteen ? hmmm ... loo kot that thigh , Jackson . back to max patkin -- he finish he routine . recording over p.a. gonna rock , gonna rock around the clock tonight . int . PRESS BOX -- night CUT to : a woman announcer , marylou , 30 , speak into the p.a. mike . announcer let 's hear it for Max patkin -- applause as patkin take he bow , leave the field , shake hand with a the bull mascot leading the applause . announcer " the greatest show on dirt " -- you own Durham bull ! CUT to : int . the dugout close on another player -- mickey mcfee , 23 , black . smoke a cigarette -- always smoking a cigarette . he snuff out he cigarette and run onto the field with the rest of the team , as -- ebby enter the dugout from the runway . Larry and skip encourage they player run onto the field . ebby be try to get the zipper on he fly unstuck . he smile broadly at skip and Larry , and grab he glove . ebby I be there , skip , I be ready . CUT to : int . the PRESS BOX the radio announcer , teddy cullinane , 50 , lean into the radio mike of a very small local station . next to he be the local sportswriter , whitey sherrard , 40 . between they they have see a million minor league player come and go . whitey be this guy laloosh worth a hundred grand ? I hear he 's a quart low ? teddy the radio man ( cover the mike ) he 's leave hand . whattya expect ? ( on the air ) the bull be off to a slow start have drop they first three game , but hope to turn it around tonight with the professional debut of the herald young leave hander , ebby calvin laloosh . ( beat ) stepping in for the Peninsula White Sox be leadoff hitter Willie Foster CUT to : ext . the ballfield -- night angle to anniee BOX seat -- millie have join Annie and Jackson . clearly , the young woman look up to Annie for wisdom and insight . annie -- millie , you have get to stay out of the clubhouse . it will just get everybody in trouble . millie I get lure . annie you do not get " lure " . woman never get lure . they be too strong and powerful for that . now say it -- " I do not get lure and I will take responsibility for my action " . millie " I do not get lure and I will take responsibility for my action " . annie that 's better . ( to Jackson ) get the radar ready ? jackson ready . jackson aim a radar gun at the plate . the peninsula white sox leadoff hitter step in . teddy the radio man ( v.o. ) the word on laloosh be that the good look young lefty have a major league fastball but sometimes have problem with he control . ebby calvin laloosh wind up and fire . the pitch sail over the batter 's head , over the catcher 's head , over the backstop , and crash into the PRESS BOX . CUT to : int . the PRESS BOX the announcer and sportswriter crash to the floor as the ball smashes into they booth . CUT to : int . the dugout skip spit tobacco , mumble flatly to Larry . skip Little high . larry ( shout to ebby ) C 'mon big 'un , you be okay ... anniee BOX seat -- she turn to Jackson . jackson ninety - five mile a hour . annie he look great , just great ! CUT to : ext . the pitcher' mound the catcher talk to ebby , try to calm he down . catcher what the hell be that ?! lighten up a little . awright ? ebby ( to catcher ) hey -- what 's you name again -- I be bad with name -- catcher Ed . you want I to write it on my chest ? Jesus ... ebby sorry . hey , Ed , I get a question . catcher what ? ebby who 's the beef sit behind the third base dugout ? catcher ( slowly ) that 's Annie savoy . Nice eh ? but that 's more woman than you ever dream of , Rook . she could kick you ass and have you for breakfast . the catcher return to the plate . int . the PRESS BOX CUT to : whitey and teddy warily climb back to they seat . teddy one ball and no strike to Willie Foster ... CUT to : ebby's next pitch hit foster in the rib . he crumple . CUT to : anniee BOX seat -- she 's write a note . she hand it to Jackson . annie take this to ebby in the dugout between inning . jackson what 's it say ? annie it say he 's not bend he back on he follow - through . jackson run off with the note . Annie turn to millie . annie well let 's get down to it , honey -- how be he ? millie well , he fuck like he pitch . sorta all over the place p.o.v. ebby laloosh fire another one into the stand . and -- hit " rock around the clock " -- dissolve into : quick montage of ebby's first game -- strikeouts and wild pitch . a young , gift , uncontrollable thrower . bill haley and he comet when the chime ring five , six and seven -- we will be right in seventh Heaven , gonna rock around the clock tonight ... ebby unleashes a wild one -- and deck the bull mascot . ebby in the dugout read the note from Annie . ebby strike out a Peninsula batter . ebby unleashes another wild one and a batter hit the dirt . end " rock around the clock " and -- CUT to : int . the bull locker room -- night skip walk through the player room -- player be up , joke irreverently . jose hey lefty , hold them to 12 run every night , you will win 20 -- ebby ( he might be serious ) have them all the way . a durham player sitting half dressed in front of he locker . a picture of jesus hang amidst he gear . the player , jimmy , 25 , have a Bible and pray softly to himself . jimmy dear Lord , thank you for be with we tonight , thank you for protect we from injury and -- deke walk by , shaking Jimmy irreverently as he pray . deke wake up , wake up -- mickey ( a black ) complain to tony as they undress . mickey this league be racist , man . tony every time you go 0 for 4 you think the league be racist -- face it , Mick , you be a equal opportunity " out " . CUT to : the manager' office -- a tiny cubicle , a desk , phone Larry join he with the pitching chart . skip study the chart . skip he walk eighteen ?! larry it 's a league record . skip struck out eighteen ... larry League record . ( beat ) and he hit the Radio announcer , a sportswriter , and the bull mascot twice -- also league record -- ( beat ) Joe , the guy 's get some serious shit . the door open -- a player enter , in street clothes , carry he suitcase . crash davis , 30 , older than the other player . and different . more than just opinion , he actually have a point of view . a career minor leaguer , hang on wherever he can get a job . unlike ebby -- crash know a lot about the world without baseball . also unlike ebby -- he love baseball desperately . larry who be you ? crash speak slowly , with a trace of cynicism and pride , like a old warrior who know he 's just a hire gun . crash I be the player to be name later . beat . skip look out , half dress , from he cubicle . skip crash Davis ? crash the crash Davis . ( beat , then nonstop ) and you , Larry hockett , should recognize I ' cause five year ago in the Texas League when you be pitching for El paso and I be hit cleanup for Shreveport , you hang a curve on a 0 - 2 pitch of a 3 - 2 game in bottom of the 8th and I tattooe it over the goodyear Tire sign , beat you 4 - 3 -- and I get a free wheel alignment from goodyear . larry ( remember ) oh yeah . I shoulda throw a slider . damn , crash , how're ya ? skip I be Joe Riggins . sit down crash I be too old for this shit . why the hell be I back in " a " ball ? skip ' Cause of ebby calvin laloosh . ( beat ) the Big Club 's get a hundred grand in he -- larry he 's get a million dollar arm and a five cent head . skip -- we have the gun on he tonight -- the last five pitch he throw be faster than the first five . 96 mile a hour , 98 , 97 , 97 . 97 . ( beat ) he 's get the best young arm I have see in 30 year . larry but he be not quite sure which plane he 's on , y'k now what I mean ... skip you be around , you be smart , you be professional , you know what it take -- ( beat ) we want you to mature the kid . crash " mature " be not a fuckin ' verb . larry you go to college or what ? skip we want you to room with he on the road and stay on he case all year . ( beat ) he can go all the way . crash and where can I go ? skip you can keep go to the ballpark and keep gettin ' pay to do it . ( beat ) beat hell outta work at sear . larry sear suck , crash , I try it once . sold Lady kenmore -- it 's nasty , nasty work . skip even if it 's the Carolina League -- this be a chance to play everyday . crash ( angrily ) you do not want a player , you want a stable pony . my triple a contract get buy out so I can hold the flavor o' the month 's dick in the bus league ?! ( angrily ) fuck this fuck game ... I fuckin ' quit . crash rise to leave -- pick up he luggage , and turn to skip and Larry before exite . a deep breath crash who we play tomorrow ? beat . they know , they share the inability to quit the game . they be all cling to the Church of Baseball . skip Winston - Salem . batting practice at 4:30 . crash leave and as he do -- Ed ( the catcher ) enter . ed you want to see I ? skip yeah , Ed , shut the door ... he do . remains stand . he can see it come . skip this be the toughest job a manager have , Ed ... ( deep breath ) but the organization have decide to make a change -- we be release you from you contract ... close on ed -- Silent . motionless . empty . CUT to : int . the locker room -- crash put he bag in a locker as other player return from the shower . crash watch as ebby soak he elbow in a tub of ice water as the sport writer , whitey , interview he . whitey how 's it feel to get you first professional win ? ebby it feel " out there " . a major rush . I mean it do not just feel " out there " but it feel out there . crash hopeless . utterly fuck hopeless . CUT to : int . maxwell be bar -- later that night loud country music in the player ' hangout and pickup spot . it 's full of player and lot of young woman . millie sit down next to yet another player , tony , 25 -- he 's slick , urban , smooth . millie hi , I be millie . tony I be tony . I play leave field . millie I know . annie sit in the corner at she own table . Max patkin , look spiffy in a turtle neck sweater and double breast blazer , sit down next to she . Old friend . max Love the game , Annie , love it ( dead serious ) when I die I be gonna have my ash sprinkle around a pitcher 's mound in some ballpark somewhere -- ( beat ) -- and I will have a few ash save for the rosin bag so I will still be in the game after I be go . annie what a sweet idea -- a cocktail waitress deliver another round to they . annie we do not order this , honey ... waitress ( she point ) he do . p.o.v . crash davis sit alone in the other corner . he wave , and smile easily . annie ( to Max ) who 's that ? max hey -- that 's crash Davis . he 's play in more town than I have . helluva guy -- real different ... I actually see he read a book without picture once annie really ? kinda cute ... annie nods at crash -- he come over to she table , greet Max as a old friend , and introduce himself . crash I be crash Davis . annie Annie savoy . wanta dance ? crash I do not dance . annie I do not trust a man who do not dance . it be not natural . suddenly -- hard core rock and roll on the juke box . several couple dance , and out of the pack -- ebby dance with a groupie -- spin and whirling , uninhibit and infectious . he 's suddenly dance with a different woman , then another , and another ... annie , crash and max watch the mad performance . max who 's he dance with ? annie all of them , I think ... ebby put on a one man show on the dance floor -- the whole bar stop to watch he , applaud as he spin to a finish . a quirkier " Saturday night fever " show . more naive , fun . he climb off the floor and join Annie 's table . ebby thanks for the note -- you be right , I be not bend my back . annie you get a live arm there . he extend he hand to introduce himself . ebby ebby calvin laloosh . annie you need a nickname . ebby that 's what I be tell everybody ! wanta dance ? crash she 's dance with I . annie crash , I do not think you -- crash I will learn . c'mon -- ebby just a minute , pal ... the two man square off quickly . Annie mock they . annie you boy gonna fight over little I ? crash rise , pull Annie with he . but -- ebby stand to challenge crash . ebby step outside , pal . crash Love to -- annie oh do not be such guy -- but crash and ebby head outside . she turn to Max -- annie Hell , Max , wanta dance ? CUT to : ext . the parking lot -- night a circle be form . everybody gather . millie cling to tony , she guy of the moment . crash and ebby face off . crash I do not believe in fight . ebby pussy . crash take the first shot at I . ebby I be not hit a man first . crash hit I in the chest with this ... crash pull a baseball from he jacket pocket , toss it to ebby . ebby I would kill ya . crash from what I hear you could not hit a bull in the ass with a slingshot ebby do not try I . crash throw it . c'mon , right in the chest . ebby no way . crash c'mon , meat . you can not hit I ' cause you be start to think about it already , you be start to think how embarrassing it will be to miss , how all this people would laugh . ( teasing mercilessly ) c'mon , Rook -- show I that million dollar arm ' cause I be get a good idea about the five cent head -- ebby rear back and fire the ball -- from ten foot away , right at crash 's chest . but , ala -- the ball goe through a second story window in the distance . crash never blink . crash Ball four . ebby be enraged -- he charge crash , lung at he . ebby who the fuck be you ?! crash lash out a short left -- with lightning speed , effortless . and brutal . bang ! ebby go down . and stay there stunne . he look up . crash I be crash Davis . you new catcher . and you just get lesson number one -- " do not think -- it can only hurt the ballclub " . ( beat ) buy ya a drink ? CUT to : int . the club -- night annie and max dance to billy eckstein on the juke box . millie and tony be also on the dance floor . eckstein ( on juke box ) April in Paris , chestnut in blossom , holiday table under the tree ... ebby and crash watch from the corner table -- ebby 's right eye be blacken . he hold a drink on it . ebby we fight , she get the clown -- how 's that happen ? crash shut up -- I like this song ... ( sing along ) April in Paris , this be a feel , no one can ever reprieve ... ebby she 's play with my mind . crash it 's a damn easy thing to play with . annie suddenly appear at the table . annie well -- you boy stop fight yet ? be you pal now ? good . I love a little macho male bond -- I think it 's sweet even if it 's probably latent homosexuality be " be - channel " but I believe in " be - channele " so who care , right ? ( beat ) shall we go to my place ? ebby which one of we ? annie oh both of you , of course ... close on ebby -- his eye full of fear and wonder . close on crash -- he smile . the three of they leave the bar together . CUT to : int . anniee live room -- night the shrine of baseball glow -- Annie light the candle . ebby and crash sit on opposite end of her couch -- both man look around the room with wonder . ebby be clearly more nervous than crash , who 's be in some strange room in he minor league career . annie this be the ground rule . ( beat ) I hook up with one guy a season -- I mean it take I a couple of week to pick the guy -- kinda my own spring training ... ( beat ) and , well , you two be the most promise prospect of the season so far . ( beat ) so ... I think we should get to know each other . crash why do you get to choose ? why do not I get to choose ? annie actually none of we on this planet ever really choose each other . it 's all quantum physics and molecular attraction . there be law we do not understand that bring we together and break we apart . ebby be somebody gonna go to bed with somebody or what ? annie you be a regular nuclear meltdown , honey -- slow down . crash rise to leave , and head for the door . crash after 12 year in the minor league , I do not tryout . besides -- I do not believe in , quantum physics when it come to matter of the heart ... or loin . annie ( challenging he ) what do you believe in ? crash at the door . Annie 's question be slightly taunting . he stop , and speak with both aloofness and passion : crash I believe in the soul , the cock , the pussy , the small of a woman 's back , the hang curve ball , high fiber , good scotch , long foreplay , show tune , and that the novel of Thomas pynchon be self - indulgent , overrate crap . ( beat ) I believe that Lee harvey oswald act alone , I believe that there oughtta be a constitutional amendment outlaw astro-turf and the designate hitter , I believe in the " sweet spot " , voting every election , soft core pornography , chocolate chip cookie , open you present on Christmas morning rather than Christmas eve , and I believe in long , slow , deep , soft , wet kiss that last for 7 day . annie ( breathless ) oh my ... ( softly ) do not leave ... crash g'night . crash head out into the night . Annie hurry to the-door while ebby sit on the couch , bewilder . ebby hey -- what 's all this molecule stuff ? annie stand in the doorway -- crash be on the porch . annie wait , crash -- do not go -- all I want be a date . I be not gonna fall in love with you or nothin' . crash I be not interested in a woman who 's interested in that boy . annie I be not interested yet . ebby appear in the door . ebby who you call a " boy " ? crash see ya at the yard , meat . crash walk out into the Durham night . ebby and Annie stand in the doorway . she speak softly to ebby . annie no ballplayer ever say " no " to a date with I . ebby well shit , then , let 's fuck . CUT to : int . anniee bedroom -- moment later annie put on a record -- edith piaf sing " Le trois cloches " . ebby start undressing across the room . annie wait , honey , slow down -- I want to watch . she sit in a chair . piaf sing . ebby practically rip he shirt off , expose a great upper body . annie no , no , no . put it back on and take it off slowly . ebby Jesus , what kinda broad be you ? annie when you know how to make love , you will know how to pitch . ( turn to the stereo ) shh . I love this part . piaf sing . Annie listen . ebby re-button , then unbutton he shirt . it drop , revealing he back . annie oh my -- what a nice back . ebby drop he pants . annie no , no , honey ... first the shoe and sock . ebby the sock ? it 's cold in here . annie ( sweetly , unthreaten ) you think dwight gooden leave he sock on ? ebby consider this . pull he pants back up . take he sock off . then he pants . annie ebby honey have you ever be handcuff in bed ? CUT to : ext . downtown durham -- night desert street of the old tobacco town . crash walk alone . he pick up a old newspaper out of a trash can . he stop in front of a store window . he roll the newspaper like a short bat . he take a bat stance , and -- crash take he batting stance in front of the window , study he reflection . he take a " swing " . and another . a group of old black men stand in a doorway , watch . CUT to : int . anniee bedroom -'continuous night click -- a handcuff be lock onto ebby 's wrist . both he arm be outstretch -- he 's get very excited . ebby awright ! I read about stuff like this . bring it on ! Annie calmly drag a chair over and sit down . annie sweetie , have you ever hear of Walt Whitman ? ebby who 's he play for ? annie well , he sort of pitch for the cosmic all - star . ebby never hear of them . Annie open a book and begin read as piaf sing softly . annie good -- then listen . ( read ) " I sing the body electric . the army of that I love engirth I and I engirth they -- " ebby we gonna fuck or what ? annie shh , shh ... ( read ) " they will not let I off till I go with they , respond to they , and discorrupt they and charge they " dissolve to : same scene -- later annie " limitless limpid jet of love hot and enormous -- quivering jelly of love , white blow and delirious juice -- close on ebby's face -- intrigue , arouse , frighten . CUT to : ext . downtown durham -- night the old black man be toss wad up ball of paper at crash who take beautiful , fluid swing with the roll up newspaper . batting practice . close on crash eye -- study the " pitch " with intense concentration , endlessly work on he game . CUT to : ext . the durham field -- next day larry , deke , mickey and bobby be singing at home plate as a pre-game show . Larry be diana Ross , the other three be the supreme , and the routine be brilliantly tacky . larry ( and the supreme ) baby love , oh oh , baby love , I need ya oh how I need ya , all ya do be treat I bad , take my heart and leave I sad ... CUT to : int . durham bull locker room -- day jimmy stand on a bench try to get the player ' attention . jimmy listen up , guy , could I have you attention a minute ? ( a few head turn ) I be go to be lead a daily chapel service at three in the afternoon here in the locker room and you be all invite to drop by and worship before bat practice . bobby Jimmy , God damn it -- loosen up and get laid . bobby , 25 , smooth the crease of he uniform , preen . jimmy I do not care if you think I be square but I believe what I believe . all head turn as : ebby enter the locker room -- he look trash . bobby Jesus , ebby , what truck run over you ? ebby ( glassy eye ) call I " nuke " . Annie say it 's my new nickname . lot of teasing from around the clubhouse . deke Annie nail you ? that 's great , mean you be gonna have a helluva year . do she fuck as good as they say ? ebby we do not do it , man -- she read poetry to I all night , I swear . it 's more tiring than fuck . ebby goe to he locker and start undress . crash sit next to he , look straight ahead . Bobby nearby . ebby -- of love " ... hey , crash , do that mean what I think it mean ? what 's the deal here ? crash study ebby . crash you shower shoe have fungus on them . you will never get to the big with fungus on you shower shoe . ( beat ) think classy and you will be classy . if you win 20 in the show you can let the fungus grow back on you shower shoe and the press will think you be colorful . ( beat ) until you win twenty in the show , however , it mean you be a slob . crash rise and head out to the field . ebby sit silently , hold he shower shoe , take it all in . CUT to : ext . durham ballpark -- game in progress -- day in the dugout -- the game from a dugout p.o.v . the player sit , stand , stir restlessly . a combination of relaxation and intensity not visible from the stand . crash be handed he bat and helmet by the bat boy . deke this guy 's bring some serious smoke out there . dugout p.o.v. the winston -salem pitcher throw hard . crash he be not get shit . follow crash into the on - deck circle -- the ritual . the bat boy hand he the pine tar rag and he rub pine tar on the bat with great care . crash rise -- head to the plate . talk to himself . crash you be not get that cheese by I , meat . crash take he stance -- upright . calm . head still . crash ( v.o. ) look for the fastball up . he 's gotta come with the cheese . relax . relax . Quick bat . pop the clubhead . open the hip . relax . you be think too much . get outta you fuckin ' head , crash . close on crash face -- his eye intensely focus . crash be p.o.v. the pitcher -- start he windup . crash ( v.o. ) get on top of the ball . Quick bat . do not let he in you kitchen -- the pitcher deliver -- crash stride . Curveball . crash swing and miss , offstride . Strike one . crash quickly step out of the BOX and pick up dirt . rub it on he hand . he 's piss . crash ( v.o. ) you stupid fuck , crash . what be you swinging at a break ball for ? why 's he start I off with a hammer ? fuck I . ( more dirt ) you be okay . stay back . stay back , you dumb fuck . wait . wait . p.o.v. the pitcher' next delivery -- curve ball away . crash stride into the pitch -- lashes a line drive down the first base line . just foul . crash have start to first . pull up . returns slowly to the plate . pick up he bat . crash throw that shit again , meat . throw that weak ass shit . ( beat ) now he 's gotta try to slip the cheese by I . one and one . you be on top . now bring I the gas -- p.o.v. pitcher' third delivery -- High and tight . right at crash 's head . the ball seem to accelerate . about to explode he skull . for a moment -- the fear of death ... crash hit the dirt -- it just miss he head . crash climb out of the dirt -- brushes himself off . crash this son of a bitch throw hard . ( beat ) Annie , Annie , Annie -- who be this Annie ? ( catch himself ) Jesus , get outta the box you idiot , where 's you head ? get the broad outta you head . crash hold up he hand to the ump . crash time out . ump time out ! crash step out of the BOX -- motion to the bat boy for the pine tar rag . the boy bring it over . crash re-apply it to he bat . bat boy get a hit , crash . crash shut up . crash walk back to the BOX -- talk to himself . crash awright , awright . you have see all he pitch . two and one . relax . wait. Quick bat . you can hit this shit -- crash in the batter be BOX -- dig in - again . take he stance . upright . relaxed . ready . crash shorten up . bring the gas ... be quick -- be quick -- yeah , yeah ... CUT to : annie and jackson in the stand -- she 's write a note quickly , and hand it to Jackson , who hurry off . CUT to : crash be p.o.v. the pitcher' next pitch -- a major league fastball . it explode to the plate . crash swing . and miss . Strike Three . crash walk back to the dugout -- head high , no show of emotion . almost proud . a old warrior , not give a inch even in defeat . he re-enters the dugout -- sit down and start put the catcher 's gear back on . deke lean over . deke serious heat , eh ? crash he be not get shit . the batboy take the note from jackson -- and hand it to crash , who refuse to accept it , be busy put he gear on . bat boy from Annie . crash read it . bat boy dear crash . you have a lovely swing but you be pull you hip out too early . I would be happy to meet you at the batting cage tomorrow to discuss it . sign , Annie . deke well if there 's one chick would know when you be pull you hip out early , Annie 's the one . crash do not seem too amused . he grab the note , and the pen hang from the start lineup card tape to the dugout wall . he scrawl a quick note . CUT to : anniee private BOX -- she 's watch the player through binocular as Jackson return with the note . annie ( look through the glass ) what would he say ? Jackson look at the note uneasily , then read -- jackson it say ... " I want to -- make ... love to you . crash " . annie put down the glass -- take the note . annie oh my ... CUT to : ext . a local batting cage day annie dig in at the plate -- bat in hand . crash a few foot away . Annie spit on she hand , wear bat glove , pump the bat back and forth . the mechanical pitching machine deliver -- kawoosh . annie swing -- lashes out a line drive . crash smile . annie see my hip ? crash yep . annie I think Thomas pynchon 's a genius . crash when you be hit you should not think about anything but hit . ( beat ) but you should not think about it too much . the trick be to use you brain to not use you brain . annie but you be pull you hip last night . crash so ... wanta make love ? annie swing and miss the next pitch . annie I be commit to nuke for the season . you have you chance the other night . crash what ' you see in that guy -- he 's dim , pretty boy . a young , wild ... annie Young man be uncomplicate . ( crash mutter ) and he 's not " dim " . he 's just inexperienced . my job be to give he " life - wisdom " and help he make it to the major league . crash that 's my job too . annie swing and miss another pitch . annie damn . crash you be pull you hip out . annie but they be nice hip . ( beat ) I look up you record -- you have hit 227 home run in the minor . that 's great ! annie foul one off and dig in gamely . crash do not tell anybody . annie why not ? if you hit twenty homer this year you will be the all time minor league champ ! the record 's ... crash 247 home run in the minor would be a dubious honor , if ya think about it . annie oh no , I think it would be great ! the sport News should know about it . crash no. please . annie swing and miss another one . annie damn . crash let I . crash step in to hit -- he take he familiar stance . the pitch come . crash drill it . crash you place or mine ? annie despite my love of weird metaphysic and my rejection of most judao - Christian ethic , I be , within the framework of a baseball season , monogamous . crash fact be you be afraid of meeting a guy like I ' cause it might be real so you sabotage it with some bullshit about commitment to a young boy you can boss around -- ( whack -- a line drive ) great deal . you get to write self - indulgent little poem all winter about how hard it be to find a man even though you just send he pack -- ( whack -- a line drive ) so what do you really want ? you wanta be a tragic woman figure wallowing in the bullshit of magic ? ( whack -- a line drive ) or do you want a guy ? the pitching machine arm flap . empty . silence . annie oh crash ... you do make speech ... crash put the bat down , head out the gate . she follow . a little league team arrive -- twenty -five 10 year old in uniform with a couple parent coach . little leaguer # 1 hey , be you crash Davis ! can I have a autograph ?! crash stop to sign autographs amidst 25 Little leaguer . crash ( as he sign autograph ) well , Annie , you place or mine ? annie you get I all confuse . crash a batter have two tenth of a second to decide whether to swing -- annie I be not a real batter . I be a woman . little leaguer hey , when be you guy gonna start win ? you be terrible ! annie it 's a long season , boy . suddenly a voice -- nuke pull up , get out of he porsche . nuke hey ! ( come over ) what be you guy do here -- steal my girl ? crash now , nuke , would I do a thing like that ? ( to the little leaguer ) hey kid , this be the great ebby calvin " nuke " laloosh . little leaguer it 's nuke , it 's nuke ! can I have you autograph ?! etc. nuke no prob , kid -- and suddenly nuke be sweep up into a sea of Little leaguer . crash smile as he turn Annie and the kid over to nuke . crash see you guy at the ballpark . crash leave Annie with nuke and 25 Little leaguer . CUT to : ext . crash get into he car -- continuous a aging shelby mustang convertible -- the paint 's fade , a couple ding in the body , but load under the hood . crash punch he tape deck -- Sam cooke 's " you send I " . annie bite her fist watch crash leave . dissolve to : int . anniee bedroom -- day the sound of lovemake in a darken room light only by a few candle . annie yes , yes , yesnmmmy ... ( beat ) oh my ... ( several beat ) oh , that be just fabulous , crash . several beat of silence . nuke crash ? he flip on a lamp near the bed . nuke you mean nuke . you say " crash " . annie I do not say " crash " . I say nuke . nuke you say " crash " . annie honey , do not ever listen to a woman when she 's make love . they will say the strangest thing . nuke you say " crash " . annie would you rather I be make love to he , use you name , or make love to you , use he name ? nuke consider this fabulous logic . nuke yeah maybe you be right . annie you see how nice thing be when we go slow ? nuke sigh ; and let he head sink in the pillow . nuke mmm , hmmm . ( beat ) you shoulda see how many people come to the airport to see I off . when I get draft first it be the happiest day of my Father 's life . ( beat ) he like baseball more than I do ... annie you can learn to like it . nuke I want to be the host of dance fever , something ' like that ... annie y'know if you make it to the big you could still become the host of dance fever . Baseball 's a good step stone for thing like that . nuke God , I never think of that . annie ( sweetly ) there be a lot of thing you never think of , sweetie -- now get some rest for tonight 's game . nuke rest he head on Annie 's shoulder . his eye be wide open and full of nervous energy . CUT to : ext . durham baseball park -- dusk nuke on a pay phone -- in he uniform . player warming up in the background as the ground crew prepare the field . nuke hello ? dad ? this be ebby. ( beat ) yeah , I know , I know -- you get the Durham papers yet ? well I be a little wild ... ( defensively ) this hitter down here be better than the one in high school ... ( try to change subject ) how 's Mom ? yeah ? well I be try hard ... I be bend my back ... you be not come down ' here to visit just yet , be you ? ( beat ) can I talk to Mom ? CUT to : ext . home plate -- the ballpark night the mayor of durham and the CITY council stand at a mike in front of home plate . 300 little leaguer in uniform be line up along the foul line , restrain by a rope . voice over p.a. lady and gentleman , the Mayor of Durham , the honorable mutt Clark ... the mayor step to the mike . a classic Southern mayor . mayor welcome to the " Atlantic Seaboard tobacco grower City Council Little League Cash Drop night " ! as the honorable mutt Clark drone on -- we intercut : CUT to : ext . the bullpen -- continuous nuke be warming up to pitch -- crash and Larry watch he closely , give advice . as nuke deliver --. crash drive off you back leg . you pitch with you leg as much as you arm -- nuke I think I be -- crash do not think . a mangy dog eat from a dish provide by the player . a couple kid sit with the player . millie sit down next to a player -- bobby , 25 . millie hi , I be millie . bobby I be marry . jose fashion a SMALL cross out of chicken bone and rub it on he bat . Bobby notice this . bobby what 's that ? jose Chicken bone cross take the curse off this bat and bring I hit . bobby you a God damn witch ? jose yes . a switch hit witch . very common in Puerto Rico . bobby will that work for I ? jose if you believe in voodoo . bobby I be 0 for 16 ! gimme some of that shit . bobby hold out he bat for Jose to rub with the cross . jose no , that be not belief . that be desperation . bobby c'mon , God damn it , gimme some ! all head turn , a helicopter appear above the field CUT to : back to the mayor and CITY council -- Hair and hat blow from the chopper turbulence . mayor ... five , four , three , two , one ... let 'er go ! one thousand big one ! the helicopter dump hundred of dollar bill above the field . the night sky fill with flutter money the rope be dropped -- three hundre little leaguer charge across the infield to the fall money , scoop it up wildly , brawling , shove , claw for the cash . as the money flutter down ... dissolve to : ext . durham baseball stadium -- short time later close on the rosin bag on the mound . a hand pick it up . puff of rosin " smoke " . nuke be on the mound . nuke nervously walk around the mound -- just before the first batter . he pick up the rosin bag . dig a slot for he lead foot to land . and crash approach , in full gear , mask tip up on he head . crash do not try to strike everybody out . ( beat ) strikeouts be boring . they're fascist . throw some ground ball , it 's more Democratic . crash turn and head to the plate and we hear the beginning of nuke 's interior monologue . nuke ( v.o. ) what 's this guy know , eh ? if he 's so great why 's he be in the minor for ten year ? and if he 's so hot how come Annie want I instead of he . crash turn around half way to the plate and return to the mound , as if he know everything nuke 's think . crash and listen , meat . you do not know shit . if you want to get to the show , you will listen to I . she only want you ' cause she can boss you around , get it ? ( beat , complete tone change ) relax , have a ball out here . this game 's fun , okay ? fun , God damn it . ( beat ) and do not squeeze the ball so tight . it 's a egg . hold it like a egg . crash smile -- and trot back to the plate . nuke' p.o.v . the first batter step in . crash give the sign for the pitch . nuke fun ? what 's he know about fun ? ( beat ) why 's he call for a curveball ? I wanta bring heat . crash shake off the pitch . throw what you wanta . nuke shake off the pitch -- here come crash back out to the mound before nuke 's throw a pitch . crash why you shaking I off ? nuke I wanta throw the heater to announce my presence with authority . crash " to announce you fuck presence with authority " ? this guy 's a first ball fastball hitter . he 's look for heat . nuke but he be not see my heat -- crash awright , meat , give he you heat . crash return one more time to behind the plate . crash cross the plate , past the hitter . he speak to the oppose leadoff batter . crash fastball . nuke why 's he always call I " meat " ? I be the guy drive a porsche . nuke wind up and deliver -- a fastball . the leadoff hitter tees off on the pitch and send a line shot over the right field fence . close on billboard -- " hit cow , win Steak " sign , the home run hit the cow on a target paint on the cow 's rump . the cow's mouth open and moos . the batter stand and watch the home run , admire the shot , enjoy the moment . crash get in he face instantly -- and get very tough . crash what be you lookin ' at ?! you be show up my pitcher , bush -- get you ass in gear ! the batter take off on a home run trot -- slightly scared . and crash head to the mound where nuke watch the moo cow and the circle batter with dismay . crash smile . crash guy hit the shit outta that one , eh ? nuke well , I hold it like a egg . crash a ' he scramble the son of a bitch . ( beat ) have fun yet ? nuke I be have a blast . ( beat ) God , that sucker teed off on it just like he know I be gonna throw a fastball . crash he do know . nuke how ? crash I tell he . crash smile -- drop the mask , return behind the plate . nuke sigh -- take a deep breath . nuke do not think . just throw . do not think . just throw . nuke' windup and delivery -- a fastball . a powerful , clean , overwhelming fastball . Strike one . nuke God , that be beautiful . what would I do ? nuke wind up and deliver he next pitch -- a monster . a ebby calvin " nuke " laloosh fastball . twenty foot wide of the plate . the bull mascot dive for cover -- the ball hit the bat rack . bat go fly . CUT to : annie in her BOX seat -- Jackson with the radar gun . annie oh dear ... easy honey ... jackson ninety - five mile a hour ... CUT to : back to nuke -- pace the mound . look in for the sign . nuke pitch again -- the batter line a single to leave . nuke' p.o.v. the manager and pitching coach talking nuke Christ , skip and Larry be talk about I . do not get anybody warm in the pen yet . I be okay . I be have fun . nuke pitch again -- the batter line a single to right . nuke' p.o.v. the bullpen -- two pitcher start warming up . nuke do not yank I in the first , man . nuke' p.o.v . -- the manager come out to the mound to talk . nuke aw , shit . the manager and crash meet nuke on the mound . skip relax . nuke do not pull I , skip . I will settle down . I be okay ! skip ( fatherly ) relax , nuke , relax ... ( to crash ) what kinda stuff 's he get ? crash I do not know . I have not catch anything yet . skip what be you think about out here , nuke ? nuke I be try not to think . skip good . but just ' cause you be not s'pose to think do not mean you be not s'pose to use you head . skip slap nuke on the ass in a gruff , reassure way , and return to the dugout . leave nuke and crash . crash have some fun , God damn it . crash smile -- and as he return to the plate ... CUT to : annie watch in the stand with Jackson and the radar gun . annie here we go again , Jackson , hold on tight ... hit Professor longhair rock and roll ... and : dissolve to : nuke deliver -- a batter grounds out weakly . durham at bat -- dugout -- crash let Jose rub he bat with a chicken bone cross . then step to the plate and -- crash hit a long home run -- and circle the basis . nuke deliver -- a line drive nearly undress he . runner circle the basis . dissolve to : int . locker room -- night the shower -- nake body in the steamy room . no joke around . a team on lose streak . suddenly skip step into the shower in he uniform and angrily throw a armload of bat into the shower . skip anybody not outta the shower in ten second gonna get fine a hundred buck . one , two ... the shower empties in second . player grab a seat , and : whitey the sportswriter enter as he do every night . skip no press for five minute , whitey . whitey I be do a column on the myth of sisyphus as manifest in a minor league lose streak , Joe , and I think ... skip pick up a chair and fire it at whitey -- the chair crash into a locker . whitey hurry out . skip if I ever need a brain transplant I will choose a sportswriter ' cause that way I would be get a brain that 's never be use . a couple snicker from the player . skip whirl . skip what be you laugh at ?! silence . the Durham bull sit and stand quietly . skip you guy lollygag the ball around the infield , ya lollygag you be way to first , ya lollygag in a ' outta the dugout . you know what that make ya ( beat ) lollygagger . what 's we record , Larry ? larry we be eight and sixteen . skip eight and sixteen ?! how would we ever win eight ? ( beat ) Jose , what 's this sign ? skip flash through a sequence of sign . Hand to face , hand to belt , hand brushes letter , etc . jose that 's the steal . skip wrong . that 's the bunt . this be the steal . skip flash quickly another sequence -- Hand to face , hand to hand . he speak rapidly -- a private language . skip face be " skin to skin " . skin start with " S " . " S " stand for steal if it follow the indicator which be hand to eye ' cause the word " indicator " start with a " I " so I figure " eye " -- ( touch he eye ) -- would remind you of " I " for indicator to indicate that what follow be the sign . I figure wrong -- you be a buncha lollygagger . ( beat ) this be a simple game . ( beat ) ya throw the ball , ya hit the ball , ya catch the ball . close on face of the player -- sitting silently . CUT to : ext . the ballpark simultaneous -- night the six player ' wive wait in a cluster . Three of they have SMALL child . the child be cry . the long -suffer woman try to calm the kid . bobby's wife Bobby go hitless again . he 's gonna be in a terrible mood ... terrible . how would mickey do ? mickey' wife he get two hit . bobby's wife lucky you . CUT to : back inside the locker room -- skip be wind down . skip we can not win at home -- how we gonna win on the road ? we get a twelve day road trip start tomorrow . ( beat ) Bus leave at six in the morning . skip head back inside he little office with Larry . CUT to : inside skip' office -- he and Larry open a couple beer . the door open -- bobby enter wear only a towel . bobby you want to see I ? skip yeah , Bobby , shut the door . ( he do ) this be the toughest job a manager have ... ( beat ) but the organization have decide to make a change -- bobby skip , I know I be in a slump but I hit the ball hard tonight , right at them . a couple flare drop in , and I be back in the groove ! the nearly naked 25 year old man plead helplessly -- he career be over . CUT to : ext . the stadium -- night the player exit -- the groupy wait in a cluster . the wife wait in another group . Bobby 's wife see Bobby . bobby's wife ( to child ) there 's daddy ! Wave to daddy ! -- p.o.v. bobby coming out of the clubhouse -- another player have he arm around Bobby , consol he . the wife know . bobby's wife oh God ... dissolve to : ext . stadium parking lot -- dawn the durham bull team bus be park . luggage be load . sleepy player arrive , escort by wife and girlfriend . annie bid nuke goodbye -- off to the side . she pull something from she handbag and hand it to nuke . a pair of women' red pantie , with lace and frill . annie I want you to wear this on the road trip when you pitch . nuke what ? annie they will fit snugly against you ball in such a wonderful way that you will start see thing differently -- plus they will remind you of I which be better than think about that nasty hitter . nuke Jesus , Annie , I do not know -- annie you have be pitching out of the wrong side of you brain . this will help move thing to the right side . nuke Big League pitcher do not use this . annie they do when they be in the Carolina League . nuke stuff the pantie in he pocket , bewilder . a small kiss from Annie , and he hurry to the bus . CUT to : int . locker room -- dawn player throw there gear into they travel bag . a paper Beer cup be tape to the wall -- with a sign : " married man deposit wedding ring here for road trip " . close on the cup -- a ring be drop in , and another , and ... we begin hearing Annie 's voice over : annie ( v.o. ) a woman should never ask question about road trip . CUT to : ext . the parking lot -- dawn the team bus pull out -- wive and girlfriend head back to they apartment , leave : annie walking back rome -- several block to she house . annie Men do not realize that woman always know when they have be unfaithful . ( beat ) the fact be , upon exact moment of penetration -- the woman know . as annie walk back through Durham ... dissolve to : ext . highway through the smoky mountain - early morning the team bus roll through the North Carolina landscape . annie this sort of spiritual awareness can be a mix bless , especially if you be dating a ballplayer . I believe a woman oughta take care of she man so thoroughly that he can go on the road for a few day without have the desire to search out another pair of panty ( self -aware ) that be probably , however , my most ridiculous belief . ( sigh ) I just hope the boy start win soon . in some profound way I fear that a last place team be a reflection on its woman ... the bus roll through North Carolina . CUT to : int . the bus -- morning skip sit in the front of the bus , do a crossword puzzle . larry read a book -- " how to make a million dollar in Real estate with no money down " . deke turn up he tape deck -- George Jones sing " he stop love her today " . mickey turn up he tape deck across the aisle -- aretha Franklin sing " r-e-s-p-e-c-t " . deke turn he volume louder -- mickey do likewise , and soon we have dueling tape deck . C &amp ; W go head to head with R &amp ; B. a cacophony . skip leap to he feet , whirl and shout . skip I get one word to say to you -- shut up ! silence . and then from the back of the bus , some soft , gentle , but slightly dissonant guitar chord . the back of the bus -- nuke sit across the aisle from crash , who 's re-read Thomas pynchon . nuke have a guitar and be struggle with some chord to " try a Little tenderness " . he butcher the chord and the word . nuke ( sing softly ) oh she may get wooly , woman do get wooly , because of all the stress ... crash ( in disgust ) gimme that . crash strongarm the guitar from nuke . crash I hate people who get the word wrong . it be not " woolly " it 's " weary " and it nobody 's get stress , they be wear a dress . ( beat ) listen . crash whip through the first few bar of the song . crash ( sing softly ) oh she may be weary , Young girl do get weary , wearing the same old dress ... he shove the guitar back at nuke . nuke how come you do not like I ? crash ' Cause you do not respect yourself , which be you problem , but you do not respect the game -- and that 's my problem . ( beat ) you get a gift . nuke what do I get ? crash a gift . when you be a baby the god reach down and turn you leave arm into a thunderbolt . nuke look at he leave arm rub he shoulder curiously . crash you get a Hall of Fame arm but you be pissing it away . nuke I be not pissing nothing away -- I get a porsche already . a 944 with a.c. and a quadraphonic blaupunkt . crash you do not need a quadraphonic blaupunkt -- you need a curve ball . ( beat ) in the show , everybody can hit the fastball . nuke you be in the major ? crash yep . tony and deke overhear this and turn around . and crash get wistful , lyrical , and even slightly hopeful . crash I be in the show for 21 day , once . ( beat ) it be the great 21 day of my life . you never touch you luggage in the show -- somebody else handle you bag . it 's great . ( beat ) the ballpark be like cathedral , the hotel all have room service , the woman have long leg and brain -- it 's a smorgasbord . deke the woman be hot , eh ? crash yeah -- and so be the pitcher . they throw ungodly break stuff in the show -- explode slider . nuke , tony , and deke murmur in awe at crash 's pronouncement . crash you could be one of that guy -- but you do not give a fuck , meat . nuke God damn it I be sick of you call I " meat " ! you wanta step outside ! crash hop to he feet as the bus barrel along , grab nuke by the collar . crash yeah , let 's go . nuke quickly have second thought -- crash can be terrifying . nuke no . wait a minute . calm down , crash ... nuke sit back down . calm . reaches for a baseball sit nearby . he hand the ball to crash . nuke teach I how to throw a break ball . crash take the ball gently and speak softly : crash as I be say ya hold it like a egg . as the bus roll through the country : a late 60's old convertible roar past -- Max patkin at the wheel . he wave at the team bus and honk . the open bar on the National anthem -- " oh say can you see " and Max roar off through the roll green-landscape ... hit hank Williams music to play over : dissolve to : ext . winston - salem baseball stadium -- day max patkin coach third in he comic routine , now , for the Winston - Salem team , as Durham be in the field . a winston - salem batter line a double off the wall . CUT to : int . durham radio station -- day teddy the announcer re-create the game for broadcast with a several second delay . he assistant ( p.a. announcer from the ballpark ) have a phone to she ear , and write down each play on a piece of paper , hold it up for teddy who enhance shamelessly in he on the AIR " play by play " . close on paper -- his assistant write " double to left " . teddy hit a tiny mallet against a jar . thunk . the sound of ball hit bat . he punch one of several tape cassettes cue up . a crowd roar . a array of special effect be at he fingertip . teddy ( on the air ) ... double off the wall by higgins , and once again the Durham pitcher be unable to get the first out of the inning ... he assistant write another note -- " error mcfee " thunk -- the mallet again . teddy ( on the air ) line drive to center -- a diving stab by mcfee -- ohhhh ! Ball get by he glove , another run in and the crowd love it -- punch a cassette -- a crowd roar . CUT to : ext . highway through smoky mountain -- night the bus roll through a small town . CUT to : ext . cheap motel in greensboro -- dawn the team bus pull in -- player stagger off , half asleep . teddy ( o.s. ) ( on the air ) bull will attempt to end a six game lose streak against the Greensboro Astros with nuke laloosh on the hill ... CUT to : int . greensboro ballpark locker room -- day nuke dress for the game -- he pull the red pantie out of he bag . look around the clubhouse . nobody see they . he 's embarrassed anyway -- and stuff they back . CUT to : ext . greensboro ballpark day nuke wind and deliver -- the batter swing , and : CUT to : int . radio station -- day teddy and he assistant -- a note be hold up , " single " -- thunk -- the mallet strike . teddy ( on the air ) base hit centerfield off laloosh ... he assistant ( on the phone ) scrawl another quick note . thunk thunk thunk -- a rapid sequence of the mallet strike the percussive box , and : teddy ( on the air ) that close the book on laloosh today , 5 earn run , 5 hit , 5 strikeout , 5 walk , 5 wild pitch ... CUT to : ext . greensboro ballpark -- day skip remove nuke from the game and he head for the shower . CUT to : int . anniee kitchen -- day annie sit with millie at the kitchen table , listen to the radio . Annie sigh . millie console she . CUT to : int . greensboro locker room -- day nuke in the shower alone -- letting the water run over he . the voice of teddy a the air , editorializing shamelessly . teddy ( on the air ) it 's time to tell it like it be , sport fan -- and this be the most wretch road trip I have see in 20 year , and possibly the worst Durham team in half a century . ( beat ) where be the great bull player of yesteryear ? where be the footsie blake , the digger o'dell , the Gus palowitze ? teddy' voice plays over road trip image : nuke start to put on the red pantie -- change he mind , and hide they again . the team bus roll across North Carolina . the team bus at a drive through hamburger stand somewhere in the smoky Mountains . sack after sack of fast food be pass through the window to skip . the team bus pull into yet another HOTEL and this time , a Bus with a sign -- " holiday on Ice " pull in next to they . teddy ( on the air ) be the modern athlete a pale imitation of the great old warrior ? only crash Davis stand out this year , begging the question , " what be this boy think about , ' cause it sure be not baseball " . CUT to : ext / int . the bus in front of the kingston HOTEL -- night as the player rise in the bus , deke be try to work up excitement about the " holiday on Ice " bus from which twenty great look woman ice skater be get off . p.o.v. holiday on ice girl get off the bus . tony Ice skater . god. loo kot they . that 's what we need , y'know -- one night with some skater and we can get back on track ... deke we need a night off just to stop we lose streak . we need a rainout . crash I can get we a rainout . mickey it 's 90 degree , there be not be a cloud in the sky in week . crash hundre buck say I can get we a rainout tomorrow . tony you be on . CUT to : ext . kingston baseball stadium -- night a cab pull up in the dark . late at night . the cab leave , and the four man climb over the fence . CUT to : ext . inside the kingston ballpark -- night crash pull the lid off a BOX -- several valve handle . crash turn several handle with a iron bar , and ... the sprinkler system come to life -- and suddenly the field be cover with the click of rain - bird sprinkler , throw long slow arc of water across the entire field . CUT to : ext . the scoreboard of the ballpark -- minute later -- night the four player sit on the scoreboard , watch the sprinkler flood the field . a six - pack be pass around . CUT to : ext . the ballpark -- early the next morning a quagmire on the infield -- the Kingston general manager stand in the muck with he ground crew . wheelbarrow , shovel , sand be pile around . it 's hopeless . kingston g.m. God damn it ! vandal . damn kid ! ground crew member we can not get it ready by game time , boss . the General manager study the field . hopeless . he look up at the sky . cloudless , sunny . kingston g.m. ( to he assistant ) call the radio and the paper . ( with disgust ) the game 's be rain out . organ music -- " the Blue danube waltz " . CUT to : int . the kingston civic arena -- day " holiday on ice " in its matinee performance . the beautiful , leggy woman skate to the " Blue danube waltz " . ten of the durham bull sit in the front row . nuke , deke , Tommy , other , but not crash . tony wave to a skater . the skater wave back as she swirl past the bull . CUT to : int . the kingston HOTEL room -- night deke ices the champagne -- in the b.g. Tommy be blow drying he hair . mickey put the finish touch on he outfit . several other player get ready to party . deke par --ty ! I blow a whole day 's meal money for this champagne seven dollar , man , it better be good . mickey for seven buck it better be some serious shit . tommy what time be it , eh ? when be they come ? the guy lounge around nervously , try to be casual . CUT to : int . kingston HOTEL coffee shop -- night close on a steak dinner set down in front of crash . nuke hand crash a hundred dollar bill . nuke this be from tony for the rainout . c'mon , man , let 's go to the party . crash naw ... nuke " naw " ? there 's ice skater come ! you ever make love to a ice skater ? crash by the dozen . holiday on Ice , Ice capade , Ice folly -- ( beat ) I be through with one night stand . nuke you be through with one night stand ?! what do you want ? crash I just wanta play everyday despite small nag injury -- and go home to a woman who appreciate how full of crap I truly be . nuke just stare at he . nuke you be weird , man -- I want a ice skater real bad . crash go for it . nuke if I get laid , you will not tell Annie ? crash I will not have to . nuke look at he strangely -- and hurry to the party . CUT to : int . the party room -- night the guy be grooming to excess -- still blow drying and preen for each other . a knock at the door . they quickly get " casual " and lounge seductively . deke it 's they , it 's they ! be casual . ( call out ) come in ! the door open -- it 's nuke . nuke hey , guy , pa--rty ! tommy shut up and be cool , man . like mickey there ... mickey " lounge " with a drink and a cigaret . mickey you wanta make it to the show , rock , you gotta learn how to " lounge " . nuke leans on the bar with a elbow , strike he version of a " loung " pose . nuke how 's this ? mickey you get it . a knock at the door . tommy entre . EIGHT ice skater stand in the doorway -- ready to ... ice skater # 1 pa--rty ! pop the cork on the seven dollar champagne -- and party ... CUT to : int . anniee house -- night the wive and some girlfriend watch " dynasty " on Annie 's television . Annie host , fill they drink glass , serve popcorn , and largely stay in the background . mickey' wife do you think you husband play around on the road trip ? deke' wife no way . well ... God ... do we have to talk about that ? mickey' wife I guess not ... it 's just that once I ask mickey if he be faithful to I on the road trip and he say " in he heart he be faithful " . ( beat ) what the hell do that mean ? deke' wife it mean he 's unfaithful -- but only a man would put it in that word . a baby cry -- Tommy 's wife lift a baby from the couch , begin rock it . CUT to : int . the player ' HOTEL -- night player be dance , drink , hustling the ice skater , the music be up , the party swinging , when : skip enter -- he 's steaming and slightly drunk . Larry be with he . skip I just get one word to say to everybody -- shut up ! the player and ice skater freeze in mid-party . skip nuke -- get everybody in here . hundre dollar fine anybody 's not here in five . nuke hurrie out the door CUT to : int . HOTEL hallway -- continuous nuke pound on door in a hurry . -- p.o.v. in first door -- Jimmy be on he knee at the bed , bare chest , praying with a open Bible . nuke get you holy ass in room 401 . he hustle to the next door , and pound madly . -- p.o.v. in second door -- two naked women with Jose and tony , nearly nude . nuke hundre dollar fine if you be not in # 401 in five . jose hundre dollar ?! jose and tony look at the two women -- it 's a lot of money in class AAA ball . tony Christ . sorry lady ... jose and tony hurry out in they short . naked lady go to hell ! you be in last place anyway ! and nuke hurrie down the hall -- pound on each door . CUT to : int . coffee shop -- continuous crash eating alone -- peacefully . nuke arrive excitedly . nuke crash ! skip want everybody in # 401 for a team meeting . hundre buck fine if ya do not show ! crash pull out the hundre dollar bill and hand it to he . crash Party without I . nuke God -- what a Big League move . nuke take the money and hurry back . CUT to : int . the party room continuous 24 player and 8 ice skater -- some of the player nuke round up be partially dress . skip spot the woman . skip who be you ? ice skater # 1 we be ice skater . can we go now ? skip no . I want you to hear my philosophy . it will do you some good ( beat ) here it be . this be a simple game . you throw the ball , you hit the ball , you catch the ball . you get that ?! ice skater # 1 ( frighten ) yes . skip be you lovely creature aware that you be about to compromise yourselves with a buncha bum who be -- ( to Larry ) -- what be we ? larry eight and twenty - four . skip eight and twenty - four ! how would we ever win 8 game ? larry it 's a miracle . skip look , guy -- I be a man , I get need too . I understand this party -- but ... ( beat ) sex be the one thing you can get further behind in and catch up faster than anything I know . ( beat ) there 's a baseball lesson in there somewhere . ( look around ) where 's crash ? nuke step forward -- hand skip the hundred dollar bill .. nuke he can not make it . here 's he fine . skip aw Christ , he do not have to come . he 's hit .350 . tommy do not you think that 's a double standard -- we be here and he be not ? skip I believe in a double standard for guy hit .350 . ( beat ) look , man -- you get a choice . you wanta be roasting you nut off for Midas muffler welding exhaust pipe up the asshole of cadillac ... or -- ( beat ) you wanta be sit in the caddy while some other guy 's crawl around in a monkey suit with a blow torch ? ( beat ) there 's only two place you can be in life -- in the caddy or under it . ( nearly plead ) this be the best year of you life . this be the glamor day . ( beat ) it do not get any better than this . ( threaten , tough ) but ... if this club do not start win soon , there 's gonna be change make ! CUT to : int . anniee house simultaneous -- night close on television -- " dynasty " drone on . deke' wife ( wistfully ) deke be a great player in high school . I think hold go right to the Major leagues -- I be gonna be a Big League wife . ( beat ) pass the pamper , please . crash helluva guy -- silence . crash flip off the t.v. with the remote . nuke can I ask you something ? crash what ? nuke what would you think of a pitcher who wear woman 's panty ? crash if he have a good break ball , I would respect the shit outta he . crash turn off the light . close on nuke -- a bit of light spill on he face . eye open . a long way from sleep . CUT to : ext . a CAROLINA league ballpark -- night close on nuke' face -- he take he cap off , wipe he brow . he 's pitching . everything in slo-mo . fan in the ballpark laugh at nuke , mock he . extreme close up on nuke' eye -- frightened . slow fullback on nuke -- he's stark naked save for he cap and glove . everyone else be clothed . nuke wind and pitch in the nude . slo-mo ... and as the batter crank up to take a vicious swing -- CUT to : int . team bus -- dawn close on nuke' face -- he awake with a start . nuke no ! crash leans over and shake he . crash wake up , it 's okay ... you be dream ... crash help nuke back to consciousness . nuke shake he head , try to wake up . crash be almost tender . nuke I be play naked . crash I know , I know -- I have that dream all the time . we be almost home . the Bus continue across the Carolina landscape . CUT to : ext . the stadium parking lot -- dawn the team bus pull into a desert parking lot . a few of the player ' car be park . some of the wife and girlfriend . and Annie . the player shuffle off the bus . tire and beat . close on nuke -- he look worse than the rest . he see Annie and wave . she 's wait next to she old volvo . CUT to : ext . street of durham moment later anniee volvo pull out -- she drive . int . the volvo -- day Annie be up -- nuke be down . nuke God I be tired . what a trip I be lousy . I be worse than lousy . everytime I pitch -- it be like throw gasoline on a fire . kaboom . I -- annie what be this " I , I , I " stuff ? you only talk about yourself ? be not you glad to see I ? do not I look nice ? nuke sorry . you look great . I be totally exhaust . annie good . total exhaustion can be spiritually fabulous . ( beat ) let 's play catch . nuke catch ? CUT to : ext . anniee backyard -- morning Flowers and birdfeeder everywhere . and , 60 foot away in complete , oversize catcher 's gear -- jackson in a catcher' crouch -- nuke stare , in he street clothes , but now with a glove and ball . jackson hum , babe , hum , babe , fire it in here , hum babe -- annie that 's not necessary , Jackson -- ( beat ) okay , nuke , now lean in for the sign . he do . Jackson flash some ridiculous sign . nuke this in ridiculous . I be a pro . annie just do what I say . now , which nostril be you breathe through ? nuke which nostril be I breathe through ? Annie put she hand under he nose . annie the right nostril . good . nuke my right nostril ? annie there be two important psychic conduit call the " pingala " and the " ida " . the pingala start with the leave testicle ( or leave ovary of the female ) and end at the right nostril . she touch he leave nut through he pants in a matter of fact manner . he stare back . annie the ida originate at the right testicle ( or ovary ) and terminate at the leave nostril . nuke I be really beat . I need some serious " z' " -- annie the pingala be the nostril use for throw a baseball . ( beat ) and if you discover before a game you be in the wrong nostril , it 's easy to switch . nuke switch nostril ? annie right . okay , fire a couple in there . nuke toss a easy pitch to Jackson . Annie 's incense . annie you be patronize I ! I will not be patronize -- nuke if I throw too hard I will hurt the kid . annie he 's handle a lotta pitcher whose record be better than one and six . nuke get a little steam . he feel he nostril , wind , and fire a medium speed fastball to Jackson . nuke ( a bit angry ) how be that ? annie a little better . nuke gimme the God damn ball ! nuke wind up and fire a pitch to Jackson . alas -- the ball sail through a window -- crash glass . nuke ( cynically ) how ya like that ? annie much better . you delivery be fully integrate because you be not think about it ' cause you be piss off at I . ( beat ) this be progress . nuke smile and give in . and reach for she . nuke I give up . let 's go inside , make love , and fall asleep till it 's time to go to the ballpark . she take he hand and lead he up to the back porch . annie or ... ( take he hand ) ... we could just take that sexual energy and save it for a few hour and re-channel it into you pitching tonight . ( shouting ) c'mon , Jackson , I have get some lemonade ! Jackson run over in full gear to join they . sitting on the back porch -- a pitcher of lemonade . nuke I can not keep up with you . first you say sex be gonna make I a better pitcher -- now no sex be gonna do it ?! annie it 's all the same thing . suddenly nuke' face be filled with alarm -- he point . nuke what 's that ?! -- p.o.v . a cardboard BOX on a table nearby -- scrawle in large letter on the side be the word " max patkin " . annie ( matter of factly ) that 's Max . his ash anyway . he leave no kin ... nuke stare , unsettle . nuke God ... I think I be gonna be sick -- annie oh do not be silly . death be nothing to be scared of . it 's just another way of live . it 's just a fresh start -- kinda like spring training . nuke think about this carefully . look at the ash , at Annie , and at Jackson , in full gear , mask on he head . nuke death be like spring training ? annie yes . and so be birth . now look I in the eye , nuke -- ( sweetly accuse he ) you have not be wear my panty , have you ? close on nuke -- utterly bewilder . CUT to : int . bull locker room -- night nuke pull he jockstrap on over the red panty . crash notice the panty , and snap the waistband . crash hot. very hot ... nuke look around nervously , continue dress quickly . nuke Annie say she panty will keep one side of my brain occupy while I be on the mound , thus keep my brain slightly off center , which be where it should be for artist and pitcher . she also say I should throw whatever pitch you call for . crash Annie 's a smart lady . suddenly deke spot nuke 's panty . deke hey , fruit alert ! check out the Rook . several player gather around -- Wolf whistle aim at nuke as the player be dress into they uniform . nuke Annie say there 's no such thing as straight and gay . we be all sexual creature to start with , and we get form into certain role . tommy you believe that ? nuke when I be one and six I will believe anything . ( as they dress ) Annie also say that God be a woman . you believe that , crash , you think God 's a lady ? crash God 's definitely a woman -- but she 's no lady . tommy this be all commie bullshit . ( beat ) God have a dick , man . tony God damn it , Jimmy , you be a expert -- do God have a dick or a pussy ? jimmy turn from he cubicle to answer the theological question . ll head wait for the answer . jimmy the Lord God be tri-une -- Father , Son , and Holy ghost . tommy Father and son. awright ! the guy slap fives , convinced God be a man . mickey ( bait they ) yeah , but he be a brother . tommy bullshit ! God be not no brother ! deke turn to crash , full of despair . deke if there be a God , why be I hit .200 ? suddenly skip and larry appear to restore order . skip shut up ! this be a damn noisy clubhouse for a team that 's lose 15 straight . silence . skip take off he cap -- instantly sincere . skip patkin be a tribute to baseball ... larry ... and one helluva guy . CUT to : ext . durham ballpark -- dusk a black gospel group at a mike at home plate , sing : gospel singer ( sing ) I come to the garden alone , when the dew be still on the rose , and the voice I hear , whisper in my ear , . the Son of God disclose -- annie sprinkle max's ash on the pitcher 's mound , as : jackson sit in the dugout filling rosin bag with the extra ash from a box . extreme close up -- a rosin bag marked " max " dissolve to : extreme close up -- " max " rosin bag on the mound . ext . durham ballpark -- game in progress -- night nuke on the mound -- pick up the rosin bag , and pace . a small crowd . a batter step in to hit . nuke look in for the sign . nuke God , this panty feel great . that do not make I queer , right ? right . whoo. ( read the sign ) break ball . nuke wind and deliver -- break ball for a strike . nuke I be not queer . I know I be not ... ( read the sign ) fastball . nuke wind and deliver -- fastball for a strike . CUT to : anniee BOX seat in the stand -- she chart pitch . jackson ninety - three mile a hour . annie he look wonderful , Jackson ... CUT to : nuke on the mound -- he look in for the sign . nuke fastball again ? why 's he want the heat -- I just throw heat . do not think , meat -- give them the gas . nuke wind and deliver -- a eye-popping fastball . the batter swing and miss . Strike three . CUT to : in the dugout -- skip and larry look at each other warily . skip Jesus -- what 's get into nuke ? larry I hear he 's wear woman 's underwear -- and he 's breathe through he pingala nostril . skip ( spitting tobacco ) I be get too old for this game . p.o.v. nuke fastball shatter a bat -- the hitter hit a weak roller to third for the second out . CUT to : back to the mound -- nuke be pump up . pace . nuke God , Annie 's get a great ass ... how come she panty fit I ? that 's one of the mystery of sex I guess ... nuke wind and deliver a vicious curveball -- a check swing dribbler to first for the third out . and the player run into the dugout . CUT to : int . the dugout nuke put on he warm up jacket and sit down next to crash , who 's take off he gear , readying to hit . nuke I be great , eh ? crash you fastball be up and you curveball be hang -- in the show they woulda rip you . nuke can not you let I enjoy the moment ? crash the moment 's over . ( rise to get a bat ) if this guy start I off with a break ball , I be go downtown -- crash smile in he disarming way , and grab a bat . CUT to : ext . the on deck circle crash kneel , rub the bat handle with pine tar . he study the pitcher work the first two hitter . crash rise and head to the plate . crash step into the BOX -- dig in . crash I dare you to throw I the hammer -- you be not that stupid ... crash be p.o.v. in slow -motion -- the pitcher wind and deliver . and as the ball leave the pitcher 's hand -- crash break ball -- you fool ! crash unload on the pitch -- crush a home run deep over the leave field wall . dissolve to : int . the PRESS BOX teddy the radio announcer be wary about this event . teddy the radio man two-nothing bull in the second -- first time the bull have be ahead in week , eh whitey -- ( beat ) let 's see if the real nuke laloosh will show up -- CUT to : nuke fire three quick pitch for another strike out . Curve ball , fast ball , curve ball . overpower . CUT to : annie and jackson in she box seat . annie oh my ... CUT to : skip and larry in the dugout -- skip look at Larry as if to say " what 's happen ? " Larry just shrug . CUT to : back to the field -- nuke 's next pitch . the next batter pop up -- crash circle into foul ground to make the catch , whipping the ball around the infield . and crash goe to the mound for a visit . nuke hey , I be cruisin ' , man -- what be you do out here ?! crash I want you to throw this one at the bat rack . nuke why ?! I be finally throwin ' the damn thing where I want to . crash it will keep the fear of God in the hitter . trust I . nuke you be the boss . crash return to the plate -- flashes a sign . CUT to : the PRESS BOX teddy 's get work up . teddy the radio man -- a staggering start by laloosh -- he 's throw 5 cut on 9 pitch , all of they strike -- he 's get pin point control here tonight , bull fan ... here 's the pitch -- CUT to : nuke' next delivery -- a wild ass rocket thirty foot off line . the bull mascot dive for cover . the batter step out of the BOX nervously , mutter . batter this guy 's crazy . crash yep . next one might be at you head . Hell if I know where the damn thing 's go ... close on nuke -- smile . wind . deliver . a change up . the batter swing terribly off stride -- Strike three . crash whip the ball around the infield . CUT to : scoreboard : durham 11 , kingston 0 -- top of the ninth teddy the radio man -- top of the ninth , two out , one out away from a stun two hit shutout for laloosh ... CUT to : nuke on the mound -- bear down . nuke bear down , meat , do not let up . you own this guy . dad will love a shutout ... p.o.v. crash flash the sign -- nuke do not like it . nuke no , no -- this guy 's look for heat -- lemme give he the deuce -- nuke shake off the sign cocky , full of himself . CUT to : annie and jackson in she box seat . annie oh no -- he 's shaking off the sign , Jackson . Big mistake ... jackson he will learn . CUT to : close on crash behind the plate crash this son of a bitch be throw a two hit shutout and he 's shaking I off ?! ( to batter and umpire ) hey Charlie , here come the deuce . nuke wind and deliver -- a hang curveball . the batter take a ungodly cut , and blast a long home . the batter stand at the plate watch the blast ... until crash shove he toward first with a sneer . for a moment it look like there will be a fight -- but the hitter back off and take the home run trot as : nuke stare at the outfield wall as the batter circle the basis . crash walk to the mound . nuke you tell he I be throw a deuce , right ? crash yep . he really crush that dinger , do not he . musta go 450 foot ... damn ... nuke hold out he glove -- say nothing . crash put a new ball in the glove . returns to the plate . nuke get the sign -- wind . deliver . batter hit a weak one hopper back to the mound . game 's over . CUT to : int . maxwell' bar -- later -- night a raucous celebration of the victory . booze flow . and we begin hearing the familiar sound of piaf ... CUT to : int . anniee house -- later -- night annie come out of the bathroom -- dress in a long , flow nightgown , elegant and old fashioned . she look fabulous , presenting herself to nuke . annie I be yours . nuke y'know , Annie , I be think if it work for one game , maybe it will work for a whole buncha game . annie breathe through you pingala always work , honey -- nuke not that . I mean the re-channele of my sexual energy . ( beat ) maybe we should not make love for awhile . annie now do not go overboard , I look incredibly hot , right ? she strike a pose . she do look hot . nuke you know what it feel like to throw a three hitter ? ( nervously , with resolve ) we better not fuck . annie nuke ?! nuke just till I lose . annie get over here . nuke no . annie ebby calvin " nuke " laloosh -- she start toward he -- and nuke flee . out the door , into the night . Annie slump in disbelief . dissolve to : int . anniee bedroom -- night annie sit in bed alone -- light a cigarette . a puzzle expression -- thing have get out of control . annie ( v.o. ) nuke be so encourage that he take a vow to not have sex until they lose ... Annie reach over , open a drawer in she nightstand , and pull out she baseball glove . she cradle it fondly in she lap , put it on , pound it gently ... annie ( v.o. ) y'see a ballplayer on a streak consider himself touch with magic and he will do anything to keep from break the spell ... CUT to : int . durham bull locker room -- day nuke neatly unfold the red pantie in he locker . annie ( v.o. ) in fact the whole team start make religious connection and everybody get hot . jose bless the bat with a chicken bone cross . jimmy read the bible and pray alone in the corner . CUT to : ext . durham baseball field -- day player taking ground ball and bat practice . annie ( v.o. ) I figure nuke would win a couple , then lose , and thing would get back to normal ... player playing " flip " pepper like kid . annie ( v.o. ) but it do not happen like that ... and for one extraordinary June and July , the Durham bull , for whatever perverse reason , begin play baseball with joy and verve and poetry -- nuke warming up in the bullpen , listen to crash . annie ( v.o. ) the two side of my own brain be all jumble up and cross-wire ... while one side be be neglect , the other be in paradise watch we bull play like Big leaguer ... mickey rip a triple up the alley -- slide into third . deke and tommy turn a spectacular double play annie ( v.o. ) we sweep a four game series with Kingston , back to back doubleheader with Winston - Salem , and kick the holy shit out of Greensboro in a three game series ... several player signing autographs at a local mall . a line of kid to meet they . a banner -- meet you bull ! annie ( v.o. ) they be in demand all over town -- and crash , who keep hit dinger , be approach the minor league record ... though I tell nobody . crash blast another home run -- another win . JULY 4 promotion -- larry , deke , tommy , and jose dress as the " Spirit of 176 drum and fife Corps " at home plate , surround by a Boy scout troop . annie ( v.o. ) after sweeping a July 4 doubleheader , the Durham bull be tie for first . the wive , the groupies , and millie wait for the player outside the clubhouse follow a game . annie sit alone in her BOX seat as the stadium empty . annie ( v.o. ) but beautiful as the win streak be , I be get damn lonely . ( beat ) something have to be do . I need a man ... CUT to : ext . the team bus on the road back -- day the sound of diana Ross and the supreme . int . the bus -- day larry , deke , tommy and mickey as the supreme , sing " stop in the name of Love " at the front of the bus . nuke I love win , crash , you hear I ? I love it . teach I everything . crash it 's time you start work on you interview . nuke what do I gotta do ? crash learn you clich . Study they . know they . they be you friend . crash hand nuke a small pad and pen . crash write this down . ( beat ) " we gotta play them one day at a time . " nuke bore . crash of course . that 's the point . ( beat ) " I be just happy to be here and hope I can help the ballclub . " nuke Jesus . crash write , write -- " I just wanta give it my best shot and , good Lord willing , thing will work out . " nuke start writing they down . nuke " ... good Lord willing , thing will work out . " crash yep . so how 's Annie ? nuke look up from he clich , startle . nuke she 's get steam ' cause I be still re-channele my sexual energy -- maybe I should cave in and sleep with she once just to calm she down . what 'ya think ? crash you outta you mind ? if you give in now you might start lose . ( beat ) never fuck with a win streak . nuke nod seriously , listen to the master . CUT to : ext . the stadium parking lot -- day the bus pull in -- wive and girlfriend be wait . the player get off , greet they woman . annie greet nuke -- they head for she volvo .. jimmy start across the lot on foot , drag he luggage , when millie pull up in she car . millie hi , Jimmy . want a ride ? jimmy ( nervously ) have you accept Jesus Christ as you personal savior ? millie no . jimmy can I give you my testimony ? millie you can do anything you want . ( a tiny grin ) hop in . jimmy nervously get in with millie they roar away . CUT to : int . anniee kitchen -- day nuke sit at the table -- he 's just finish eat . Annie circle he . a pot of soup on the stove . annie I be so proud of you and all the guy . want some more soup ? nuke no , no , it be great . annie how ' bout a back rub ? nuke no , that 's okay . all I need 's a little nap . annie I will tuck you in . nuke ( nervously ) you can not seduce I . annie I be not gonna try to seduce you , sweetie ... annie stretch out her leg and lay it a the table . nuke what 's that ? she pull back she skirt slightly , expose she garter snap attach to she stocking . annie that 's my leg . nuke I know what it be . annie I figure we could work on some fundamentals even if we do not make love . she stroke she leg . nuke stare fearfully . nuke Fundamentals ? annie sure. ( beat ) unsnap my stocking . nuke squirm , then reach for she garter snap . and stop . nuke crash once call a woman 's , uh -- pussy -- y'know how the hair kinda make a " V " shape ? -- annie yes I do ... nuke well -- he call it the bermuda triangle . he say a man can get lose in there and never be hear from again . annie what a nasty thing to say . nuke he do not mean it nasty . he say that gettin ' lose and disappear from the face of the earth be sometimes a good thing to do -- especially like that . annie oh ... ( beat ) crash be a very smart man . now c'mon , honey , give it a try . nuke reach for the garter snap with two hand . he fumble , grop awkwardly . Annie stop he gently . annie watch ... one hand -- with a single hand annie flick each snap . flick , flick , flick . Magic . the snap open effortlessly . nuke oh . annie re-snap they quickly , offer she leg to nuke . annie now you try . nuke tries again -- one hand . awkwardly again , but -- annie ( sighing sexually ) mmmmmmm ... oh yes ... but nuke leap to he feet -- reacting vigorously , nervously , desperately . the soup crash on the floor . nuke no ! you be play with my mind ! annie I be try to play with you body ! nuke I know it -- you be seduce I ! annie of course I be seduce you for godsake , and I be do a damn poor job of it -- ( beat ) be not I pretty ? nuke I think you be real cute . annie cute ?! I hate cute ! baby duck be cute ! I wanta be exotic and mysterious ! nuke you be exotic and mysterious and cute -- that 's why I better leave . nuke start to leave . annie nuke ! you get thing all wrong ! there 's no relation between sex and baseball . ask crash . nuke I do . annie what would he say ? nuke he say if I give in to you I would start lose again . annie he do ? nuke I will be back when we lose . nuke hurrie out the door -- Annie just stare . CUT to : ext . the downtowner motel -- durham -- day a run of the mill cheap modern motel . int . crash room at the motel -- day crash work on he swing in front of a mirror . a knock at the door . crash come in . annie enter the room . crash stay with he stance . annie crash ... I want you . crash nuke will not go to bed with you , eh ? annie he 's confuse -- crash be not we all ? annie do not you think I be pretty ? crash put down the bat , and look directly at she . as he do he pick up two spring load hand exerciser and begin pump they a he talk . crash you be gorgeous , God damn it ! from the moment I first see you I know I have to have you . I have to have you ! annie I want to be have . crash I think of you and the " boy " all the time . annie he will not make love to I anymore . crash and he 's right ! a ballplayer on a streak have to respect the streak . they do not happen very often . ( beat ) you know how hard this game be ? if you believe you be play well because you be get laid or because you be not get laid or because you wear red silk panty -- then you be ! ( beat ) and I still think Thomas pynchon be full of shit . annie I want you desperately ! crash can hardly keep up . so he slow she down -- crash who be you ? do you have a job ? annie I teach part time at the junior College . what if I tell you I be through with nuke ? he learn he lesson quickly and leave I . crash and now you wanta teach I ? annie I do not imagine there 's much I could teach you . crash I doubt that . annie crash , I get wet just think about you . crash I think you want a " uncomplicate " boy ? annie I be ready for a complicated man . crash -- and as soon as we lose a game , he will be back in you arm . annie I say when I think about you , I get wet . crash Annie , I think you should leave . Annie launch into a tirade without orchestration or self - awareness . she 's frustrated , confuse , angry and ... annie God damn you -- what be happen ? be there no man who will have I ? ( beat ) this be the weirdest season I ever see -- the Durham bull can not lose and I can not get laid ! crash ( softly ) you okay ? Annie slide against the wall down to the floor . tear flow . her makeup run . her eye be red . annie ( shakily ) I need a drink . crash gingerly help she to she foot . CUT to : int . maxwell' bar -- day annie and crash sit in the corner of the empty bar . crash why baseball ? annie ( sigh ) I be raise in a Baptist church get dip in the water when I be 5 -- bear again before kindergarten ... by the time I be 10 I know it be bullshit and at 15 I run away from home ... she smile at the most painful memory . annie pregnant , have a abortion , get pregnant again , have a abortion again ... give up man . try woman . miss man . my mother die . ( beat ) I buy a car for $ 200 and drive to Ft. lauderdale to bury she . ( beat ) and after we would sung some hymn in some wretch Florida funeral home , I go outside and something happen -- her tone become wistful , nostalgic . annie the smell of cut grass in the warm March air overwhelm I and I hear a noise -- ( make the sound ) ) -- tok , tok , tok -- and some man shouting ... then tok , tok , tok . crash smile slightly . he know . annie I cross the street -- it be the New York yankee spring training field -- tok , tok , tok , be the sound of a ball hit a bat -- and I sit in the warm bleacher to think about my mother ... ( beat ) and I see he . crash who ? annie thurman munson . ( beat ) he be cover with dirt and he be fight with everybody -- it be beautiful ... ( beat ) and he call the ump a cocksucker and get throw out of the game even though it be a exhibition ! ( beat ) so I stay in the bleacher all spring and gradually come to understand what 's so great about baseball . crash what 's so great about baseball ? annie if you know where home plate be , then you know where 1st base be , and 2nd , and everything else -- ' cause they be always in the same place in relation to home . ( beat ) do not you see ? if you know where home plate be , then you know where everything else in the universe be ! silence . crash I do not know if I would go that far . annie it 's true , it 's true ! ( beat , down ) least it use to be true . it be not possible that baseball 's not enough anymore , be it , crash ? crash it 's possible . annie no . crash be you gonna be waking up next to 20 year old ballplayer when you be 60 ? annie well ... I use to think that be not the worst thing in the world to look forward to . lately I be not so sure . crash why not ? annie ( angrily ) whatta you mean " why not " ? be you gonna play forever ?! before crash can answer -- suddenly a voice interrupt . they both turn to see : millie excitedly dragging jimmy into the nearly empty bar . she lead he by the hand . millie Annie , Annie ! there she be -- we have be look all over for ya . hi crash . millie lead jimmy right up to they table . and as they hold hand . Jimmy stand there shyly . millie well tell them , honey . jimmy ( nervously ) we be get marry . millie stick out her left hand display a huge ring . annie omigawd , honey , I be so happy for you . millie he 's a virgin . Jimmy squirm defensively . jimmy well , yeah ... ( to Annie and crash ) I guess that probably seem pretty corny to people like you . annie oh Jimmy , honey , I think it sound wonderful ! millie Annie , will you be the bride 's may ? CUT to : ext . durham stadium -- later -- night game in progress -- nuke on the mound . nuke wind and deliver -- very high . Ball three . CUT to : inside the dugout -- skip and Larry spitting tobacco . skip nuke 's overthrow tonight , he do not look loose . anything bother he ? larry he say he chakra be jamme and he be breathe out of the wrong nostril . skip ( spitting tobacco ) okay ... CUT to : back to the mound nuke wind and deliver again -- very high . Ball four . crash be quickly to the mound . crash what 's wrong ? nuke I be nervous -- my old man 's here . nuke motion -- they both look . -- p.o.v. nuke' father sitting in a special box seat . the man be 45 , and be operate a home video camera take picture of he son . crash hey , he 's just you father , man -- he 's as full of shit as anybody . tommy and deke join they at the mound . deke what the hell 's go on ? tommy you breathe through the wrong fuck nostril again ? deke hey , you guy hear Jimmy and millie be engage ?! wait will I tell he she 's go down on half the Carolina League -- crash ( threaten ) anybody say anything bad about millie , I will break he neck . nuke hey , guy , I get a game to pitch . jose the first baseman join they all at the mound . jose do not throw anything to I -- my girlfriend put a curse on my glove . nuke I will take the curse off the son of a bitch ! jose then you get to cut the head off a live rooster . nuke shit . mickey join the crowd from third base . mickey do not worry , man , this umpire 's a God damn racist . p.o.v. the umpire -- he 's black . CUT to : the dugout -- skip and larry watch the grow meeting . skip what the hell 's go on out there ? larry it 's a damn convention . skip check it out . CUT to : the mound -- Larry join the convention . larry what the hell 's go on out here ? crash nuke 's scared cause he nostril be jamme and he old man 's here , we need a live rooster to take the curse off Jose 's glove , and nobody know what to get Jimmy and millie for they wedding present -- there 's a whole lotta shit we be try to deal with -- larry oh . I think there be a problem . CUT to : int . anniee house night annie be helping millie make she wedding dress . the game can be hear on the radio in the b.g. millie you should be at the game . annie no , no -- I be fine . millie , how much time do you and Jimmy spend together before he propose ? Annie hold the dress up to millie . millie five hour . we both just know . ( study the dress ) do you think I deserve to wear white ? annie we all deserve to wear white . both women turn there head to the radio to listen . teddy the radio man ... line drive up the alley 's gonna score at least two , here come the relay -- CUT to : ext . durham ballpark the game night crash flip he mask -- a runner round third head for home . here come the throw , on a line . it hit once on the infield grass , take a long hop -- as the runner barrel toward the plate -- crash take the throw . the runner slide -- crash block the plate . a cloud of dust . a close play . the umpire signal " safe " -- and crash flip out . in a second he be nose to nose with the umpire . crash I get he on the knee ! umpire you miss he ! crash God damn it , Jack , he still be not touch the plate . there face be inches apart -- scream face to face . umpire do not bump I . crash it be a cocksucke call ! umpire do you call I a cocksucker ? crash no ! I say it be a cock -suck call and you can not run I for that ! umpire you miss the tag ! crash you spit on I ! umpire I do not spit on you ! crash you be in the wrong business , Jack -- you be sear -roebuck material ! umpire you be close , crash , you want I to run you ? I will run you ! crash you want I to call you a cocksucker ?! umpire try it ! go ahead . call I a cocksucker ! crash beg I ! umpire call I a cocksucker and you be outta here ! crash beg I again ! umpire call I a cocksucker and you be outta here ! crash you be a cocksucker ! umpire you be outta here ! the ump theatrically throws crash out of the game . CUT to : int . anniee house -- simultaneous annie and millie stare at the radio . teddy on the radio ... I have never see crash so angry and frankly , bull fan , he use a certain word that 's a " no - no " with umpire ... millie crash musta call the guy a cocksucker annie God , he 's so romantic ... CUT to : int . the shower night crash stand against the water , let it stream across he . he raise a can of beer to he lip , drink it slowly in the shower . as the water run over crash ... annie when crash get throw out , the game get out of hand ... ( beat ) ... Jose make three error with he curse mitt ... jose boot a ground ball -- a runner score . annie nuke never quite get in the groove though he do not pitch bad ... nuke just miss with a pitch -- Ball four . annie ... and the win streak come to a end with a 3 - 2 loss ... ( beat ) the good news be that a man be about to come call ... the bad news be -- it be the wrong guy . dissolve to : int . anniee live room night as piaf plays on the stereo -- a knock at the door . annie goe to the door -- then refuse to answer it at first . she hide in a corner . bite she fist . nuke' voice Annie ! you gotta be in there -- I can hear that crazy mexican singer ! Annie smile slightly , and open the door . nuke we lose . annie it 's okay ... she open the door fully . nuke 's father stand there . nuke I would like you to meet my father . annie ( surprised ) oh -- will not you come in ? CUT to : int . anniee house as they enter -- she lead they into the kitchen . nuke' father ebby 's tell I a lot about you . annie uh oh ... ( beat ) can I offer you some coffee ? the kitchen -- continuous -- night she put a pot of water with a swirl of graciousness . nuke' father yeah ... ebby tell I you be a very spiritual woman . he tell I you have teach he a lot about discipline and self - control . Annie and nuke exchange glance . nuke smile . annie he 's a good student . nuke' father we be worried that ebby might get involved with the wrong crowd in professional baseball -- we be so pleased , he meet a Christian woman . annie praise the Lord , eh ? the piaf record begin skip in the next room . annie oh my -- I better fix that . ebby will you help I ? I be no good with mechanical thing nuke pick up he cue and follow she to : the live room -- continuous -- night Annie fix the record . nuke I could not dump my old man but maybe later I can sneak away from he ... annie you do not have to ... nuke I be start to understand what you be teach I . I mean the panty and the nostril and all that shit ... I mean I be get it -- annie so be i. nuke , honey , we need to talk -- nuke get very aggressive and playful , pin she . nuke aw hell , let 's have a quickie right here -- annie -- but you be father 's in there ! nuke crash say I gotta quit worry about he -- c'mon , honey , we get a lotta catch up to do -- he pin she to the wall , she squirm away . annie nuke -- we do need to talk ! CUT to : back in the kitchen nuke 's father be study picture on Annie 's wall . close on a helmut newton photo -- a nude woman , two afghan , and a toilet . close on a photo of swami prabhavananda yoganda close on a poster of a marijuana leaf with the inscription " better live through mexican Agriculture " . nuke 's father be a bit unsettle by all this , when : the phone ring . annie sweep back into the kitchen -- save by the bell -- to answer the phone . nuke trail . annie ( on phone ) hello ? skip ? yeah , as a matter of fact , he be here . she hand the phone to nuke . annie it 's skip , for you . nuke ( on phone ) yeah , skip , it 's I . ( several beat ) jeez ... jeez ... God ... jeez ... nuke hang up the phone . look at Annie and he father . nuke I be go to the show. ( beat ) they be send I up to finish out the season with the Big Club . I be go to the show ! nuke' father leap to he feet and embrace he son . nuke' father let 's have a quick word of prayer , right here , to thank the Lord for all this -- annie oh let 's not ... nuke I gotta leave first thing in the morning . annie that 's great ! nuke how can I possibly thank you ? he embrace she rather formally . annie just pitch well and do good . nuke hustle he father out of the house . nuke I will , I will -- c'mon , dad , I will dump you off . I gotta find crash . as they exit , nuke 's father turn to Annie : nuke' father God bless you . annie ( to herself ) she will , Mr. laloosh , she will ... annie sit down in a kitchen chair . a enormous sigh . CUT to : ext . the downtowner motel -- night nuke knock on crash 's door . nobody home . tony be arrive with he groupie girlfriend to the next room . tony crash be not there . he never get back till four or five -- nuke where do he go ? tony well , I would rather not say . nuke they call I up to the show and I wanta tell crash goodbye . tony come over and give nuke a heartfelt " five " . tony goddamn , that 's great ! Jesus ! ( beat ) listen , crash do not like anybody to know it but -- ( beat ) most night he go down to , you know , down to niggertown . to Sandy 's ... the whorehouse . nuke he go to a whorehouse every night ? tony do not tell he I tell you -- he would break my neck . close on nuke -- disturb . CUT to : ext . the black section of durham -- night a cab move slowly through a poor neighborhood . stop at : a old house -- decade of ad hoc add - on . black cabbie that 's Sandy 's . keep you extra cash in you shoe . nuke get out and go to the door . CUT to : ext . sandy'' whorehouse -- night nuke knock at the door -- a small bar window open . a face appear -- a tough black , sandy , 50 . sandy what ' you want , kid ? nuke I be look for somebody . sandy who be not ? nuke look for crash Davis . sandy ai not here . nuke I be nuke laloosh . with the bull . sandy ( study he ) you break ball 's get better but ya need a change up . the door open . nuke enter . CUT to : int . sandy'' whorehouse -- night nuke enter tentatively -- another world . grim. sleazy . the doorman lead he down a hallway full of door . a black prostitute enter a room with a huge redneck . as they go down the hallway , and as they do : we begin hearing sing -- raucous , soulful , drunk . nuke stop in a doorway -- look into the " wait room " . -- p.o.v. several hookers in various stage of undress , sit on couch and chair . bore , smoking , ancient . the one white hooker , a skinny 25 year old , accompany on a guitar , struggle to keep up . and a couple hookers be hang around a piano that -- crash be playing and sing . he do not look up . crash be dress but barefoot . a cigarette dangle from he mouth as he accompany himself with decent cocktail lounge chord . two hooker at the piano hum along . crash ( sing and play ) but when she do get weary -- try a little tenderness ... nuke step into the room -- all the hooker rise in anticipation of a new customer . crash keep play , never look up . crash ( sing ) you know she 's wait , just anticipate , the thing that she will never possess ... ( beat ) while she 's there wait -- try a little tenderness ... nuke interrupt the instrumental passage : nuke crash . I be go to the show . crash ignore he , keep play . nuke Club 's expand its roster to finish the season -- crash shut up . I be play . ( sing last 8 bar ) oh you will not regret it , young girl do not forget it , lose in they own wilderness ... ( beat ) but it 's all so easy -- just try a little tenderness ... as crash play on -- nuke I be go to the show . crash then go . nuke grab crash by the hair and jerk he to he foot . the two man be face to face . nuke I be try to thank you . crash let go of I ! nuke lets he go and crash stagger drunkenly against the piano , regain he balance as : sandy rush in with a gun to break it up . sandy he makin ' trouble for you , Mr. Davis ? crash no , no , Sandy , put it down . ( drunkenly , to nuke ) nuke , you know Sandy grime ? hit .367 at louisville in 155 . sandy I hit .371 . crash he hit .371 -- c'mon , nuke -- you and I , let 's step outside and settle this . nuke settle what ? crash c'mon ! nuke I do not wanta fight you , I wanta thank you . let 's have a drink and forget this -- crash God damn it , you fuck virgin prick -- step outside . crash drunkenly head out the back door in he underwear . nuke reluctantly follow . CUT to : ext . the alley behind the whorehouse -- night several of the hooker follow to watch . crash be drunk and lose . nuke in control . nuke c'mon , we get nothin ' to fight about . crash you fuck ! nuke why be I a fuck ? crash why be you a fuck ? ( beat ) ' Cause you get talent . I get brain . but you get talent ! you be God damn leave arm be worth a million dollar a year . ( drunken insight ) all my limb put together be worth 7 cent a pound -- and that 's for science and dog meat . nuke you be a great catcher . crash come over here into the light so I can kick you ass . nuke no . crash okay , I will kick you ass there . crash take a step toward nuke . pull up he bare foot quickly , step on a sharp stone . crash ... God damn ... I forget my fuck shoe . honey , go get my shoe . one of the hooker go inside for he shoe . nuke I will take you back to the hotel . crash ( drunken , mad ) you know what the difference be between hit .250 and hit .300 ? I get it figure out . ( beat ) twenty - five hit a year in 500 at bat be 50 point . okay ? there 's 6 month in a season , that 's about 25 week -- you get one extra flare a week -- just one -- a gork , a ground ball with eye , a die quail -- just one more die quail a week and you be in yankee Stadium ! CUT to : int . the whorehouse -- continuous the hooker find crash shoe -- start to bring they out to he when ... she notice cash in one of they . the hooker take a few bill for herself , and continue out -- CUT to : back in the alley -- crash finish he tirade as : the hooker come out with crash shoe he struggle drunkenly to put they on . nuke forget it . you be not worth thanking -- nuke start to walk away -- crash fire he one free shoe at nuke hit he in the back of the head . nuke whirl -- come after crash . crash come on , meat ... crash swing wildly -- nuke duck it and level crash with a short right hand . crash crash into some garbage can -- lies there on he back for several beat . nuke stare . close on crash -- blood trickle from he mouth . crash nuke ... tell I something . do you hit I with you right or you leave ? nuke my right . silence . crash 's next line be both drunk and sober and we do not know if he 's just be clever or if , somehow , he 's stage it all . maybe even he do not know . crash good. good . that 's terrific ... nuke what ? crash if ya get in a fight with some asshole , never hit he with you pitching hand . ya might get injure . ( smile ) that 's another lesson for ya -- now quit fuck around and help I up . crash reach up a hand for help -- nuke stare back . and finally nuke reach down and help crash to he foot . nuke ya look like shit . the two man head inside . CUT to : ext . durham stadium -- next morning -- early nuke' porsche -- the clubhouse Boy drag nuke 's out to the car and load the trunk . Annie , Larry and a couple kide and dog be watch . CUT to : int . the locker room -- continuous -- day nuke clean out he locker -- fill he travel bag . crash sit on a stool next to he . sober . crash sorry about last night . nuke forget it . crash I have be know , on occasion , to howl at the moon . d' you understand that ? nuke no . crash you will . ( beat ) look , nuke -- this Big League hitter be gonna light you up like a pin ball machine for awhile -- do not worry about it . be cocky and arrogant even when you be get beat . that 's the secret . ( beat ) you gotta play this game with fear and arrogance . nuke fear and ignorance . crash ( raging ) no . fear and arrogance , you , hayseed , not ignorance ! nuke ( smile calmly ) I know . I just like to see you get all work up . crash calm down . sigh . nuke nod and pick up he bag . nuke ( know it 's not true ) well , I get Annie all warm up for ya ... ( know it be true ) she 's just wait for you to show up , y'know ... crash I do not need a crazy woman in my life . nuke maybe you do . ( quick beat ) y'know I be start to like this game -- baseball 's a helluva good way to make a live . crash speak with quiet passion , from he soul . crash it 's the best , nuke ... the absolute fuck best . nuke yeah , thanks for everything . they shake hand , and nuke head out the door . crash nuke -- ( nuke stop ) good luck . nuke you too ... meat . nuke smile . a little arrogance and fear . CUT to : ext . durham stadium -- continuous day nuke toss he bag in the porsche and motion to Annie . they step away from the other . annie well I guess this be it . nuke ( smile ) I will not be need this anymore . nuke pull anniee red pantie from he jacket pocket . the frilly , silk lace be tatter . the panty have be through the mill . she accept they graciously . annie neither will I . nuke I think I be ready for the show . annie ebby calvin nuke laloosh -- do not think too much . nuke do not worry . they look at each other awkwardly , sweetly , and : nuke kiss annie gently on the lip -- they hesitate , and nuke head for he porsche . crash arrive in the doorway to watch . nuke bid farewell to he father and climb into he car . nuke I gotta go now , dad . father I be think I could fly up and spend a week in the Big leagues with you -- help you get comfortable . nuke no . if I screw up , I wanta do it alone . I will call . father we will be praying for you . nuke dad -- if my curveball be hang , God be not gonna help I . father we will pray anyway . nuke ( kindly ) if it make you and mom feel better , go for it . I gotta run -- they shake hand , and : crash be p.o.v . -- nuke roar away in he porsche , leave a trail of dust in the Stadium parking lot . dissolve to : ext . durham stadium -- dusk millie and jimmy wedding -- a formal wedding on the pitcher 's mound . millie in white . Jimmy in he uniform . skip be the best man , also in uniform , and several player and groupy be the attendant , Annie as the bride 's maid . organ music play the wedding march . jimmy lift millie' veil and kiss she . the stand be full of fan . jimmy lead millie down the " aisle " towards home plate . dissolve to : ext . durham stadium -- game in progress -- night close on scoreboard -- ninth inning . Durham be lead by a score of 1 to 0 . two out . jimmy be pitching -- he deliver . the batter rocket a line drive up the alley . a peninsula runner race from first , round third , try to score . a relay . crash wait at the plate -- here come the runner . here come the throw . a close play . a terrible collision . crash go roll . the umpire wait -- and in a cloud of dust , crash hold up the ball . the crowd roar -- Jimmy jump victoriously in the air . CUT to : int . the locker room -- night the air of victory . the mood be up and goofy . beer can be squirt at Jimmy , the groom . jimmy I wanta thank everybody and the Lord for the victory , it 's a wonderful way to celebrate my marriage -- and I guess we be all back on a win streak , he ? a few raucous " fuckin a 's " from the team . tony hey , Jimmy -- we chip in and kind get a little gift for ya of a special wedding cake from the Durham bull . deke carry out a wedding cake -- it 's X - rate . the decorative bride and Groom be fuck . Jimmy 's embarrassed but it 's all good nature . CUT to : crash coming out of the shower -- towel off , watch the innocent , vulgar fun . he sit down in front of he locker , drying he hair , when the clubhouse boy approach : clubhouse boy hey , crash -- skip want to see ya . crash rise and head for skip' cubicle -- wearing only a towel and he shower shoe . CUT to : inside skip' office -- skip and Larry sit in postgame routine , check chart , smoking , half dress . crash enter as he 's still drying off . crash yeah , skip , you want to see I ? skip crash , shut the door . and it hit he . crash look at skip , who look down at the floor , unwilling to face crash who then look at Larry , who also look away nervously . crash shut the door -- the party rage beyond . skip ( heartfelt ) this be the toughest job a manager have ... close on crash -- he 's be in the game too long to be surprised ; nonetheless , he 's surprised . and hurt . his stoicism be professional . skip the organization want to make a change ... now that nuke 's go they wanta bring up some young catcher ... larry some kid hittin ' .300 in lynchburg ... probably a bust . skip I put in a word for you with the organization -- tell them I think you would make a fine minor league manager someday ... might be a open at Salem next year -- extreme close up on crash -- his eye be moist . skip helluva year , crash -- you know how it be . silence . crash stand there nearly nude . he just nod slightly . without rancor or bitterness , he turn and re-enter the raucous locker room . CUT to : ext . street of durham -- night crash walk the street alone -- crash stop in front of a window and take he bat stroke , study the reflection . and he keep walking into : CUT to : ext / int . cheap bar in downtown durham -- night crash drinking alone at the end of a bar . CUT to : ext . street of durham -- night crash wander along into the residential neighborhood . he start across a quiet intersection stop . look at the street sign . he change direction , walk on . CUT to : ext . anniee house -- night the window glow . after midnight . crash stare at the house -- hesitates , then walk up the porch stair . knock at the door . moment later : annie open the door -- she look beautiful . almost as if she be expect he . at first , silence . then : crash I get release . annie I hear already . she open the door -- crash enter Annie 's house . CUT to : int . anniee house -- night annie put on she favorite piaf record . annie pour a drink for both of they . crash put a hand on her hip -- Annie close she eye , a tiny gasp . he kiss she forehead . she kiss he neck . a tiny smile from crash . the same from Annie . she kiss he on the corner of he mouth . her hand find the back of he head and she run she finger through he hair . crash respond -- they kiss slowly , deeply . as -- he hand on her hip pull up her skirt -- by degree , the skirt be raise up she stock cover leg . at last expose the beloved black garter snap -- crash 's hand expertly hold up the skirt and effortlessly unsnap the garter with a minimum of effort . flick , flick , flick -- the garter snap be free . annie oh my ... dissolve to : the bedroom -- crash carry Annie to the bed . dissolve to : anniee foot kick over a lamp onto the floor . dissolve to : anniee blouse front -- flick , flick , flick . crash unbutton it with one hand in second . even Annie be startle with the speed and ease of crash 's hand . dissolve to : her hand slide under the waistband of he underwear dissolve to : he hand slide up under her panty . dissolve to : a full embrace on the edge of the bed -- remnant of clothes cover part of they body . they tumble out of control to the floor . dissolve to : anniee hand grab onto a dresser leg -- a carve oak antique , she hand hold on tight and shake the dresser . dissolve to : the dresser top shake -- makeup bottle and picture and dozen of Annie 's special thing rattle and fall dissolve to : anniee read rest on crash stomach -- Post coital , they lie on the floor blissfully as piaf finish . dissolve to : annie change the record to hank Williams . dissolve to : the kitchen -- annie and crash eat a after mid after sex snack . crash eat a bowl of wheaty . they each wear one of she robe . dissolve to : Annie sit , munch a carrot and roll a joint of marijuana she keep in a victorian jewel box . annie ... so you see in a former lifetime I be sure that I be Alexandria , the czarette of Russia ? what do you think ? crash how come in former lifetime , everybody be someone famous ? ( beat ) how come nobody ever say they be Joe schmo ? annie it do not work like that . ( stare at he ) God , you be gorgeous . want to dance ? they kiss again -- and fall gradually onto the table top . dissolve to : annie sit on top of crash lie on the kitchen table . he stretch out a leg and : kick the BOWL of cereal to the floor . it smashes -- ceramics , milk , cereal go everywhere . as : they start making love again in the glaring kitchen light . dissolve to : crash and annie dance in she live room . dissolve to : the bedroom -- crash be handcuff to the bed . he seem perfectly happy as Annie read Walt Whitman . annie ... mouth , tongue , lip , tooth , roof of the mouth , jaw , and the jaw hinge ... dissolve to : annie handcuffed to the bed -- crash read . crash ... wrist and wrist joint , hand , palm , knuckle , thumb , fore - finger , finger - joint , finger -nail ... dissolve to : crash at anniee record collection -- he thumb through it quickly , put on a new record . the domino sing " sixty Minute man " . and ... dissolve to : the bathroom -- candlelight around the bathtub . all we can make out be two head , two body , sloshing wildly in the dim glow . Water splashes , dowse some candle . dissolve to : crash and annie in bed reading -- each with a copy of a Thomas pynchon novel . crash toss it aside . and disappear under the sheet , play with she as she struggle to keep read . she put down the book . dissolve to : annie applying eye makeup to crash -- who do not resist , seem even amused . he kiss she deeply , slowly . she kiss he back . they fall onto the bed . dissolve to : p.o.v. out the kitchen window -- Dawn . a bird chirp . and we hear a record skip , repeat endlessly . pan across the kitchen -- overturn chair , spill and break cereal bowl , liquor bottle . pan across the bedroom -- a disaster . clothes scattered across the floor , overturn lamp , the bed lie at a cockey angle . Annie and crash lie face down -- asleep , utterly spend . crash wake up slowly -- reaches up and pull he underwear off of a lampshade , pull they on , and get slowly out of bed . he stagger across the bedroom floor , stumbling a bit , into : the live room -- he stumble across the trash room . record album cover , more liquor bottle , pillow , cushion , picture hang crookedly on the wall . crash take the skipping record off the player and breathes a sigh of relief . he see he pants lie on the floor and pull they on . crash open a drawer -- pull out a piece of paper and a pencil . he start write ... dissolve to : int . the bedroom -- later Sun stream in . Annie open she eye . rub they . reaches over for crash . her hand hit a note . she whirl . he 's go . only a note . she sit up with a start and read the note . annie ( v.o. ) crash say he have to get a early start to drive to asheville in the South Atlantic League where he hear they might need a catcher to finish out the season ... zoom in extreme close up of note -- " Love , crash " . CUT to : ext . great smoky mountain -- day crash in he car head for asheville . CUT to : ext . asheville baseball park -- day crash knocking on the baseball office door -- look for work . CUT to : int . asheville locker room -- day crash unloading he gear into yet another locker . CUT to : int . anniee kitchen -- day annie scrubbing her kitchen floor -- down on she hand and knee , pick up the break cereal bowl . annie ( v.o. ) the house smell like sex for day . it be wonderful . the only real clean I do be on the kitchen floor ' cause who like to walk on spilt cereal ? she find a bit of a joint on the floor as she 's clean . she pick it up , sit on the floor under the table , and light the tiny joint . annie ( v.o. ) the funny thing be , I stop worry about nuke . somehow I know nothing would stop he . crash be right -- nuke have a gift . dissolve to : ext . inside a major league stadium ( atlanta ) -- day nuke in STREET clothes in the dugout of a empty stadium . 50,000 seat . slick . awesome . he 's be interview by a big league reporter , who have a small tape deck and have stick mike in nuke 's face . nuke ( like a big leaguer ) y'know , I be just happy to be here and hope I can help the ballclub . I just want to give it my best shot and good Lord willing , thing will work out ... gotta play them one day at a time , y'know ... the big league reporter nod attentively as nuke knowingly deliver the clich like a veteran . dissolve to : ext . asheville stadium -- day in sharpest contrast to the Big League stadium , a rickety old wooden grandstand , carve into the pine cover hillside . crash step to the plate -- in a uniform we have never see he in , of course . the asheville tourist . he pick up some dirt , rub it on he hand . he 's as intense as ever . still play for keep . crash ( at the plate ) c'mon , meat , throw I that weak ass shit -- c'mon , bring the heat , bring it , bring it ... crash be p.o.v . -- slo -mo as the pitcher wind and deliver a fastball right down the pipe . CUT to : int . anniee bedroom -- afternoon annie lie in bed reading -- she suddenly jerk up . annie ( v.o. ) I be read in bed when crash hit he 247th home run . I know the moment it happen ... CUT to : ext . asheville stadium -- day crash unload a monstrous home run deep into the tree . he stand at home plate watch it ... like Reggie or the Babe . and do not move . for several second he indulge himself uncharacteristically -- until ... the opposing catcher shove he toward first . catcher get you ass in gear ... crash smile and take the home run trot slowly . as he head toward first , he raise a clinched fist for a brief moment , a tiny gesture of triumph . and then , routinely , he just circle the basis . a hundre fan applaud routinely as he circle the basis . CUT to : int . anniee live room -- night she light a candle for the home run . above the candle , display in the shrine , be she red pantie . annie ( v.o. ) I light a candle for crash 's dinger ... and try to root the Durham bull home to a pennant . CUT to : ext . durham stadium -- day annie and jackson OPEN a umbrella in she familiar place in the stadium . umbrellas go up all around , as : the rain come -- the player huddle - in the dugout . in the dugout skip and Larry read copy of " the tantric yoga of sex " . and spitting tobacco . annie ( v.o. ) the kid from lynchburg be not good enough to hold crash 's jockstrap if ya ask I , and nuke 's replacement have a fastball that I coulda hit ( beat ) we have a three game lead with two week to go when the rain come . the ground crew drag tarp over the mound and the plate . annie ( v.o. ) it rain and rain and I think of drive down to asheville to see crash but then I think " no , what you pursue , elude you " . I have to trust quantum physics and the Church of Baseball . ( beat ) it be not always easy be this religious ... annie and jackson pop OPEN there umbrellas and walk out of the ballpark towards home . CUT to : ext . durham neighborhood -- day annie and jackson under umbrellas -- he turn down one street , she head toward home . CUT to : ext . anniee house -- day as she approach -- she stop . look up . crash 's beat up car in the driveway . p.o.v. crash sitting on the porch swing still raining . close on annie -- she hesitates , and smile . annie oh my ... annie sit down on the porch owe next to crash . annie what happen ? crash I quit . hit my dinger and hang them up . a moment of silence over the significance of he quit . annie I be quit too . boy , not baseball . crash there might be a open for a manager at Salem next spring . annie Salem , Massachusetts ? where all the witch be ? crash yeah ... you a witch ? annie not yet . it take year of practice ... he smile slightly and take she hand . crash you think I could make it to the show as a manager ? annie you would be great , just great ... ( rattling quickly ) ' Cause you understand non- linear think even though it seem like baseball be a linear game ' cause of the line and the box score a ' all -- but the fact be that there 's a spacious - " non - time kind of time " to it ... crash ( interrupt ) Annie -- annie what ? crash I get a lotta time to hear you theory and I wanta hear every damn one of them ... but right now I be tired and I do not wanta think about baseball and I do not wanta think about quantum physics ... I do not wanta think about nothing ... ( beat ) I just wanta be . annie I can do that , too . he rise , take she hand , and they head inside . and as the rain fall on Durham ... CUT to : int . anniee house -- day the shrine glow -- candle everywhere . rain pour down on the window outside . and ... annie and crash sit on the couch together , in silence . annie Walt Whitman once say -- " I see great thing in baseball . it 's we game -- the american game ( beat ) he say " it will repair we loss and be a bless to we " ... ( beat ) you could look it up .... the music -- Dave frishberg sing " Van lingle mungo " . the end