buried written by Chris sparl fade in : int . unknown room - night darkness . silence . after a long beat , we hear movement , confine and contain . we then hear the sound of a man , paul conroy , groan , make confuse attempt at word . we hear he movement ; short , abrupt shifting , end almost immediately with the sound of he body bang against wood . he scream , though it 's clear from the sound that he mouth be cover by something . after attempt to sit up , he immediately bang he head against something . it 's terribly warm and he breath be labor . he attempt to move to he leave and right , only to find that he be confine on that side , as well . he frantically shift about , only to discover , by touch , that he be encase in something . something be very wrong , and he do not need to see to know that . finally , we see he , light by the flame of the Zippo he hold in he hand , which be bound together in front of he with rope . a roll - up , dirty rag be tie tightly around he head , stretch across he mouth . dried blood stain he hair and forehead . we see that he be lie in a old fashioned , wooden coffin . nothing more than a few rotted - out plank of wood nail together . realizing the same , Paul be strike by a overwhelming , instant panic . with great difficulty , and while still hold the light Zippo , Paul remove the muzzle from he mouth . paul what ...? what be this ? his word become almost unintelligible as he flail about , though fear be understand in he every utterance . he scream aloud , but he voice be capture by the coffin wall . 2 . paul oh my God ! help I !! help I !! he kick and slam he hand against the top and side of the coffin , all to no avail . his violent movement cause small grain of sand to trickle in through the space between the side and top of the coffin , as well as a small gap that exist between one of the coffin 's break wooden plank . sweat cascade down the side of he neck , drip from he dampen brow . the heat inside the extremely close confines of the coffin be stifling . paul ( cont 'd ) somebody help I ! please !! Paul continue with he futile effort to pry off the top of the coffin . the side , the top , the bottom -- all be too thoroughly reinforce by the force of what surround the coffin . Sand . it become clear to he that he be bury . he try he best to calm himself , though he have trouble catch he breath . it take he some time , but he eventually achieve some semblance of calm . get a good look at he for the first time , we see that Paul be somewhere around 37 year old . unshaven and physically unremarkable , he embody the blue- collar american everyman . he cough . the minimal amount of oxygen in the coffin make it hard for he to breathe . his eye widen a bit upon see a expose , rusty nail . he try desperately to use the nail to cut through the old , fray rope that bind he hand . do so be no easy task . the incredibly tight quarter make he every action nearly impossible . after a lengthy struggle , the rope snap . Paul quickly frees he hand . a small victory . very small . the heat be unbearable . Paul take off he button - down shirt , leave he in a T-shirt . his body battle against the wall and the ceiling of the coffin with every move he make . he toss he button - down shirt down by he foot . his undershirt be drench through with sweat . still try to calm himself , but have little success in do so , Paul look around the coffin . his foot , though only he body - length away , seem mile from he . 3. he look at the top of the coffin , and then back at he foot . with great difficulty , he shift he body so that he foot be press against the top of the coffin . he attempt to use he leg strength to push the top off of he , but it do not move even a millimeter . after several fail attempt , and with he leg exhaust , Paul drop he foot from the top of the coffin . he lay for a moment in silence , follow by a outburst of cry . Close to he head , on the corner of the floor , we see there 's another break plank . a small hole . he close he cigarette lighter , extinguish the flame . in total darkness , he continue to cry . paul ( cont 'd ) what be this ? with he sobbing slowly subside , the coffin soon grow eerily silent . the sound of Paul 's labor breath be all we hear , soften under the blanket of absolute darkness . after a beat , the silence be interrupt by a subtle buzzing sound . the mute sight of strange , blueish light flicker in the coffin , by Paul 's foot . he be extremely startle . the buzzing continue , as do the minimal splash of light . it 's come from underneath he discard button - down shirt , down near he foot . he light the Zippo to get a better look . pull the shirt away , he realize that what he be hearing and see be the vibrate ring and display feature of a older model cell phone . he frantically reach for it , though the coffin be far too small for he to reposition himself so easily . to he dismay , the phone stop ringing . but , he effort to reach it continue . he use he foot to search for the phone . after some trouble find it , he eventually locate it . clamp the phone together between he clasped foot , Paul then painfully angle he body so that he can reach he foot with he hand and grab it . he be soon able to reach it . immediately thereafter , he flip open the phone and put the receiver in front of he . 4. we see that there be a text message wait for Paul on the phone . however , Paul barely notice . the time on the phone read 6:12 pm . while the number and display screen icon be familiar to Americans , all the word be in Arabic . what he do notice be that the phone barely have one bar of signal strength . worse yet , there be only half of the battery life remain . he try to remember the safe number he be give . with the phone open and ready to be dial , Paul struggle to recall the information . paul ( cont 'd ) come on , come on . what be it ? get only two digit into dial the number , he cannot remember much more and close the phone . he wedge the light Zippo into sand , which be compact against a small hole in the wall of the coffin . Paul reach into he pants pocket , frantically search for something . he hastily remove a prescription pill bottle and a small , metal flask . both be not what he be look for . he then reach to he back pocket and remove he wallet . it 's empty . his license , he credit card , he cash and , most importantly at that very moment , a piece of paper with the safe number write on it , be all miss . paul ( cont 'd ) no . where the hell be it ? Son of a ... come on ! he scream aloud again , hope greatly that someone can hear he . his frenzied maneuver put out the flame of the Zippo . paul ( cont 'd ) help I ! please ! somebody help I ! his word barely make it pass the coffin wall . with the cell phone still in hand , and labor to reclaim the breath he just expend , Paul turn to desperation . he dial the international code of 001 , and then dial 911 . a female 911 operator answer almost immediately . 5 . female 911 operator 911 , please hold . the female 911 Operator place Paul on hold . paul no ! wait ! Paul accidentally bang the cap of the Zippo against the coffin wall , put out the flame . she quickly return . female 911 operator 911 . what be you emergency ? paul hello ? female 911 operator 911 . what 's the problem , sir ? Paul be so incredibly panicked that he have trouble remain coherent . after a few spark , the Zippo be re-lit . paul I be bury . you have to help I . you have to help I , I can not breathe ... female 911 operator sir -- paul I be bury in a coffin . please help I ! send someone to find I ... female 911 operator Sir ... slow down . what be you name ? paul Paul . Paul conroy . female 911 operator okay , mister conroy . can you tell I you location ? paul I do not know . I be in a coffin . I do not know where . I be scared . please help I . 6 . female 911 operator you be in a coffin ? paul yeah , it 's , like , one of that old , wooden one . female 911 operator be you at a funeral home ? paul no . I do not know . no. female 911 operator how be call I right now ? paul what ? female 911 operator if you be bury in a coffin , where be you call from ? paul a cell phone . there be a old cell phone in the coffin . female 911 operator you be call from you cell phone ? paul yes . no . it 's not mine , but yes , I be call from a cell phone . female 911 operator there be a cell phone in the coffin when you climb in ? paul I do not climb in . female 911 operator how do you end up in the coffin , sir ? paul I be put here . female 911 operator in the coffin ? paul yes . please send help . 7. female 911 operator and you be say the coffin be bury ? paul I think so . it 's ... it 's hot in here . I can not breathe . female 911 operator do you know you location , sir ? paul I tell you , I do not know . somewhere in Iraq . female 911 operator Iraq ? paul yes . I be a truck driver , a american . I work for crt . female 911 operator be you a soldier , sir ? paul no. please , please listen to I . I be a truck driver . I work for crt . I be a civilian contractor work in Iraq . we be attack in baqubah , they ... they ... ( start crying ) ... shot they . all of they . female 911 operator they shot who , sir ? paul all of the other driver . female 911 operator and you be say this happen in Iraq ? the country ? paul yes . please , you have to help I . they give I a safety number to call , but I have it store in my wallet and -- female 911 operator mister conroy , this be 911 emergency in Youngstown , Ohio . 8. paul Ohio ? female 911 operator yes , sir . I be not sure exactly how you call here if you be in another country , but if you would like , I can patch you through to the sheriff 's Department . paul sheriff 's Department ? no ... you do not underst ... ( giving up ) ... forget it . realizing that he conversation be both lengthy and useless , Paul end the call . he check the battery life on the phone . it still hold steady at two bar . he immediately dial another number , one that he can recall with ease . he again enter the 001 international code before make the call . Paul then dial he home phone . it ring several time , so far unanswer . paul come on , come on . pick up . please . after sit through the agony of a few more ring , Paul be meet with the answer machine . the voice of he young son , shane , be hear on the answer machine greeting . shane thanks for call the conroy 's . we be not home right now . please leave a message at the beep . thanks . at the sound of the beep , Paul leave a frenzied , rambling message . paul Linda , honey , it 's I . listen , I need you to contact the National Guard right away . or the Pentagon . tell they we be attack in the diyala provence , in baqubah . ( more ) 9 . paul ( cont 'd ) they have to find I . please help I , baby . please help they find I . Paul hang up . he dial he wife 's cell phone right away . after several ring , she cell phone voice mail pick up . we hear the sound of Linda , Paul 's wife , on she outgo message . linda hi , this be Linda . please leave a message . thanks and have a great day . the beep sound and Paul immediately tear into he voice message . paul Linda , it 's Paul . I need you to call I right away . this be a absolute emergency . call the number that come up on you phone . call I at that number . if I do not answer , call the Pentagon or the f.b.i . I do not know what the hell be go on , but I be bury in a box ... hear himself say that last word give he pause . the gravity of the situation fully take hold . paul ( cont 'd ) ... I can not breathe in here . make sure you call I right away . please , baby , please call I . Paul end the call . he nervously look at the amount of battery life remain on the phone . still hold strong at two bar . he notice the flicker light of the Zippo . it , too , appear to be use up small amount of oxygen . he close the lid , extinguish the flame . total darkness . silence , save for Paul 's increasingly heavy breath . he begin to hyperventilate . he know that preserve oxygen be paramount , so he do he best to calm himself . the healthy swig he take from he flask help . 10 . he flip open the cell phone . the light of the display screen partially illuminate he face and some of the coffin with a blueish hue . Paul again enter the overseas dial code , this time dial 411 information . the 411 operator answer . 411 operator what city and state , please ? paul um ... I do not know . the f.b.i. , wherever they be . Paul reach for he button- down shirt . fish for pen stashed in he lapel pocket , while keep the phone press to he ear with he shoulder . 411 operator do you have a specific city you would like to be connect to , sir ? paul I do not care , any city . just connect I to the f.b.i . 411 operator Sir , I have f.b.i. field office list in Boston , New York , Philadelphia , New Haven , Los Angeles , Chicago , Denver -- Paul can not bear to listen any further to this list that seemingly never end . paul anywhere ! any city , just connect I , please ! 411 operator I be sorry , sir , but I be not allow to do that . paul Fine , um ... Chicago . okay ? 411 operator please hold for you number . Paul be transfer to a automate message . automate message the number you request , 312-421 - 6700 ... 11 . Paul write the digit of the phone number on the top of the coffin with he pen . but , after the first three number , the pen stop work . he hurriedly reach back into he shirt pocket to remove the other pen , which be actually a click - up pencil . click-click-click-click . he write the last seven digit , follow by the word " FBI . " automate message ( cont 'd ) ...can be connect for a additional charge of twenty - five cent by press the number one . he press the number one and be connect directly . after a few ring , special agent harris answer . special agent harris Chicago field office . special agent Harris . paul hello ? be this the f.b.i .? special agent harris yes it be , sir . paul I be call from Iraq . I be bury in the desert somewhere . I need you to help I -- special agent harris whoa , whoa , sir . slow down . when be you in Iraq ? paul now . I be there now . I be a truck driver for crt . I have be here for nine month . special agent harris May I have you name please , sir ? paul Paul conroy . special agent harris ( say it as he write it down ) Paul conroy . ( back on the phone ) okay , Paul , explain to I what 's go on . 12. Paul attempt to center himself so that he can accurately tell he story . paul alright . I and a convoy of other driver be deliver kitchen part to a community center . as we get closer , a bunch of kid start throw rock at we truck . then a ied go off up ahead and blow up one of the other truck . this guy come out from behind the house with gun and start shoot everybody right there on the street . special agent harris be you shot at ? paul I do not know ! ( after a breath , calmer ) I do not know . I be way in the back of the convoy . I must have get hit in the head with one of the rock and get knock out . that 's the last thing I remember . but now I just wake up , and I be tie up and bury in a coffin . special agent harris who put you there ? paul I guess whoever ambush we . special agent Harris sound slightly skeptical of Paul 's claim . special agent harris a bunch of kid ? paul no , you be not listen . the kid throw the rock at we , but then some iraqi guy -- maybe insurgent , I do not fuck know -- pop out of nowhere and start shoot at we . special agent harris I think you say they do not shoot at you . 13. paul they do not , I do not know ! but they shot they ! special agent harris Sir , you be go to have to stop shouting if -- paul I be shouting because you be not listen ! I need you to help I ! please !! special agent harris hmmm ... Paul take a moment to center himself . paul can you trace my call ? gps or something ? special agent harris why be it that they do not shoot you ? paul I have no idea . they do not , that 's all I know . special agent harris what 's you social security number , Paul ? paul why ? who care ? I be bury in the middle of the fuck desert ! who care what my social security number be ?! I be a american citizen . just send someone to find I ! special agent harris do you know where you be ...lo ...if...dy .. the cell phone start break up . paul hello ? what ? I can not hear you . special agent harris bet...un...near ... 14 . suddenly , special agent Harris be not hear at all . paul hello ?! hello ?! Paul check the phone 's display , where he see that the call have be lose . paul ( cont 'd ) shit !! cell phone service temporarily go down . Paul light the Zippo to help he see the cell phone screen . he try to make a call , but nothing happen . he shake the phone , move it around the coffin , all in desperate hope that he will get a signal . he soon do . he look at the number for the f.b.i. that he have write on the wall , think about call they back . he then check the battery life on he phone , which remain at two bar . Paul then decide to make a different call , this time to a phone number he have commit to memory : he employer back in the U.S. , crestin , roland and Thomas ( crt ) . he close the lid of the Zippo , extinguish the flame . after a few ring , a crt operator answer . crt operator thank you for call crestin , roland and Thomas . how may I direct you call ? paul somebody , I need to talk to someone right away . it 's a emergency . crt operator who be this , please ? paul Paul conroy . I be a driver for you guy . I be call from Iraq . my convoy be attack . crt operator Sir , if this be a crisis situation you need to contact the Safety number you be provide . 15 . paul I know , I know , but I do not have it . they take it . crt operator who take it , sir ? paul the Iraqis , I think . I do not remember , I black out . crt operator I be go to put you through to Alan davenport . paul davenport ? who 's that ? crt operator director of personnel . please hold . paul personnel ? no , I need to talk -- Paul be place on hold . synthesize soft rock play in the background of the phone , madden Paul further . over the music , a crt spokesman be hear , speak a record testimonial during the on-hold message . crt spokesman at crt , we work with we client to provide effective and sustainable solution to the challenge they face in we fast - grow , global economy . as the premiere ... the message be interrupt by alan davenport 's outgo voice message . alan davenport you have reach Alan davenport , personnel director at crestin , roland and Thomas . please leave you name and number at the tone and I will return you call as soon as possible . the beep sound . Paul be confuse as to why he be patch through to someone in human resource , but leave a message nevertheless . 16 . paul this be Paul conroy , I be from hastings , Michigan . I be a driver for crt , and my convoy be ambush ... by insurgent or terrorist . I do not know . I do not know who it be . I be stick in the ground , bury in a coffin and I need help . please send help . I be begging you . I think I be in baqubah in the diyala provence . please send help right away . I can not breathe in here . I can not ... please . I be begging you . I do not know who else to call . I ... Paul notice that he phone have again lose signal . paul ( cont 'd ) ( exasperated ) ...fuck . Paul drop the phone to he side , the screen still emit its glow . he explode with a mixture of rage and fear . he scream and flail he foot and hand wildly , bang they against the wall of the coffin . his animalistic outburst cause the phone to close . the coffin return to pitch black . after a long beat , Paul light the Zippo , which remain wedge in the sand compact against the small hole in the wall of the coffin . Paul take a few moment to catch he breath . he look again at the cell phone . remember receive a text message . the icon on the phone 's display indicate that he do , in fact , have a unread text message wait for he . Paul quickly scroll through the phone 's menu , which be all write in Arabic , until he reach what appear to be the text message option . open it , he see a series of ten number . use he click - up pencil , he scribbles the number onto the top of the coffin . next to the number , he write the word " help ? " notice that he phone have again pick - up a signal , he dial the number . 17 . it ring once , but then the reception begin to falter . after only two ring , the call be end . Paul 's frustration mount . he be barely able to fight off another fit of hysterics . he dial the number again . it ring once . a second ring . in the middle of the third ring , someone answer -- but they do not say anything . paul hello ? hello ? be anyone there ? hello ? after a beat , Paul hear breathe on the other end of the phone . he also hear a discordance of background sound ; the din of a room fill with arabic-speak man . paul ( cont 'd ) hello ? who be you ? please , you have to help I . still , Paul 's word be only meet with slow , measure breath . paul ( cont 'd ) who be this ? hello ? the person on the other end eventually speak . a iraqi man , jabir , talk forcefully and aggressively in break English . jabir breathe no breathe , american ? ah ? breathe no breathe ? paul what ? I do not know what you be say . who be this ? jabir american can breathe no breathe ? paul no , I can not breathe . please get I out of here . jabir get out ? paul yes , please get I out . help I . jabir soldier . 18. paul no , no I be not a soldier . I be a truck driver . that 's it . I be not a soldier . I be a contractor . jabir contractor ? paul yes , that 's right . a contractor . not a soldier . jabir blackwater . paul no , not for blackwater . I be not a security contractor . truck driver , I be a truck driver . that 's all . jabir you be american . paul yes . jabir then you be soldier . despair fall upon Paul . it become clear that jabir be responsible for all of this . as such , Paul cross out the word " help ? " close the lid of the Zippo , leave only the cell phone display screen to illuminate he face . paul no , I be not . I be here unarm . but , you still shot at we . jabir in head and in throat , so you tell no more lie . paul I be not lie ! we be all driver . jabir drive what ? paul truck . the big truck you see drive around with the supplies ? that 's we . that 's I . we be not soldier . 19 . jabir five million money . paul what ? jabir five million money tonight by nine pm or you stay . buried like dog . paul five million dollar ? from who ? jabir you family . paul my family do not have five million dollar . if they do , I would not be here . jabir from embassy . paul I do not know , yes , the embassy will pay you . if you let I go , they ' will pay you the money . silence on the other end of the phone . jabir ( after a long beat ) nine pm , five million money . jabir hang up the phone , force Paul to instantly come to grip with the fact that he be be hold hostage . he lay back in the coffin , shell - shocked . physically spend , the cell phone fall from he hand and onto the floor . the display screen cast a dim light throughout the coffin . fade to : int . coffin - moment later the Zippo light . Paul hold it in he hand , use it to illuminate the inside of the coffin . he attempt to push it into its now customary rest place , but the sand have loosen , make it difficult for the Zippo to stay in place . it almost fall to the floor . 20 . look around , Paul see there be a crack between two plank , locate on the opposite wall of the coffin . he wedge the light Zippo into the crack . with he hand now free , Paul haphazardly position himself so that he back be face the top of the coffin . his every move be arduous ; the claustrophobic nature of the coffin bear down on he . Paul position he bent knee underneath he chest , with he shin and foot press against the bottom of the coffin . use the strength of he leg , he attempt to lift the top off the coffin with he back . trickles of sand fall in from the side of the coffin , sprinkle against the wooden base . he fail , only to immediately try again . and again . and again . exhaustion set in . stare ahead , the phone sit in front of he . he notice that the battery life bar be still at one solid and one blink . he grab the cell phone , stare at it , try to think of someone else to call . the battery life be limited . every call have to count . he try to remember some phone number , but have trouble recalling the information . paul ( to himself ) come on , what 's she number ? he can not remember the number he 's think of . he notice that the flame of the Zippo flicker , indicate its use of he much - need oxygen . Paul close the lid , extinguish the flame . a second later , we see he , light by the cell phone display screen . he dial the international code for the United States , follow by 411 information . a male 411 operator answer . male 411 operator what city and list , please ? paul hastings , Michigan . I be look for donna Mitchell . 21 . male 411 operator I have two donna mitchell , sir . one on Federal Road and one on ardmore Avenue . paul ardmore Avenue ... I think . yeah . shit , I do not know . just give I that one . male 411 operator ardmore Avenue ? paul yes , ardmore Avenue . male 411 operator please hold for you number . Paul be switch to a automate message . automate message the number you request , 269-948 - 1998 can automatically be dial for a charge of twenty - five cent by press the number one . Paul write donna 's number and name on the top of the coffin and then press the number one . he be connect . her phone ring and ring . Paul 's frustration be evident . paul come on ! where the hell be everyone ? the phone ring some more . Paul check the battery life -- still at one and a half bar . donna eventually answer . donna hello ? hear she voice , Paul hurriedly place the phone to he ear . paul donna , it 's Paul . donna hey , how 's it go ? 22. paul where 's Linda ? she 's not answer she phone . I need to talk to she , I have be take hostage by ... donna interrupt . we realize , as do Paul , that she voice be actually come from she answer machine . donna ( overlapping ) fool you . I be not really home . but if you leave a message , I will get back to you as soon as I get in . bye-bye . his hand fall to he forehead , defeat . paul donna , I need to talk to Linda . it 's a absolute emergency . have she call I . use star sixty - nine and find out the number I be call from and have she call I ... donna pick up the phone . donna Paul ? paul donna . donna what do you want ? paul I need to talk to Linda . where be she ? donna I do not know . I have not talk to she all day . call she cell phone . paul be you near a computer or something ? donna uh...yeah . why ? paul turn it on . 23. donna it be on . paul look up the number for the State Department for I . donna I be just head out to the supermarket . I really do not have time -- paul donna , please , please , please -- just get I the number . donna be everything alright ? paul no ! everything be not alright ! so , please , just look up the number . donna do not fuck yell at I , Paul . paul I be not yell ! donna yes you be . just like you do last year at the cookout . I be not go to tolerate -- paul ( exploding ) just get I the fuck number !! get I the number , get I the number !! donna hang up on he . realizing this , Paul bang he fist and claw at the top of the coffin , bloody some of he finger and knuckle in the process . he violently toss and turn and scream at the top of he lung , like a animal trap in a cage . tear spray from he eye as spit shake free from he mouth by the force of he shudder . he eventually calm quite a bit . sniff away tear and take notice of the damage he 's do to he hand , Paul slow he breathe as best he can . 24 . he lie there , motionless . the silence be almost comforting . Paul close he eye , regretfully accept what appear will be he inescapable fate . after a beat , he call donna back . know it be Paul call , she answer right away , attitude at the ready . donna what ? it take every ounce of Paul 's be to keep himself from go off the deep end . he take a beat to compose himself and then finally offer a very delicate and deliberate response . paul donna , I be very sorry I yell . but , I be only go to ask you once more to get I this number . if you do not get I this number , I be go to die . donna what ? paul I do not have time to explain . please ... the number . donna ( beat ) hold on . we hear donna put down the phone . in the b.g. , we hear the sound of key be press on a computer keyboard . after a beat , she pick the phone back up . donna ( cont 'd ) okay ... State Department . it 's 202 - 134-4750 . paul 202-134-4750 ? donna yeah . Paul write the number on the top of the coffin , beneath the man other . he write the initial " S.D. " next to it . 25 . donna what the hell 's go -- Paul hang up on donna mid-sentence . he dial the number the State Department right away . a state department rep answer after a few ring . state department rep United States Department of State . paul I be a american citizen , work in Iraq . I have be take hostage . I need to speak to someone right away . state department rep where be you call from , sir ? paul from Iraq . I be a truck driver for crt -- crestin , roland and Thomas . we be attack and now I be be hold for ransom . state department rep be the kidnapper with you ? paul no. I be bury somewhere . state department rep you be bury ? paul yeah , in a coffin , a wooden box . it 's a old coffin , I think . state department rep do you try contact the military out there ? paul I do not have the number . state department rep what number ? paul I be give a number to call , a safety number . but the people take it . 26 . state department rep the people hold you hostage ? paul yes . state department rep ( disconcerted ) I do not know ... hold on . let I connect you ... hold on . paul no. wait ... Paul be place on hold . as he wait , he eye wander around the coffin . he look at the number he have write . after a moment , rebecca browning , a State Department official , pick up the phone . rebecca Rebecca brown . paul hello ? rebecca yes , hello . I be just inform of you situation . paul yeah , my situation . I be run out of time and you people keep put I on hold . what the hell be wrong with you ? rebecca I be sorry . paul do not be sorry . just help I . rebecca I just have a few question for you , mister conroy . paul you have get to be kid I . rebecca it 's important that I get this information . it will make a rescue attempt -- 27 . paul wait , wait , wait ... how do you know my name ? rebecca I be sorry ? paul I never give you my name . I do not think I give it to the other guy , either . Rebecca be silent on the other end of the phone . paul ( cont 'd ) what the hell be go on right now ? rebecca ( after a beat ) we receive a call from a representative at crt . you leave he a message ? paul yeah ...? rebecca he contact we right away . paul well , since you know what the hell be go on , what have you do to get I out of here ? rebecca there 's little we can do from Washington . paul so , that 's it ? I be just suppose to rot in here because there 's little you can do ? rebecca no . paul then what ? rebecca I need to know where you be when you convoy be ambush . 28 . paul in the diyala provence . in baqubah . rebecca okay . and have contact be make with the kidnapper ? paul yes . the guy tell I that he want five million dollar by nine o'clock tonight . rebecca or else ...? paul or else he will bring I to Sea World . what do you think , lady ? even face with Paul 's sarcasm , Rebecca remain stolid . professional . rebecca we will do everything we can . paul so you will pay they ? rebecca ( beat ) no . that we can not do . paul wait ... what ? rebecca it 's the policy of the United States government to not negotiate with terrorist . paul to hell with that ! it 's easy for you to worry about policy , you be sit in a air condition office somewhere , probably finish up you sandwich from lunch . you be not the one stick in a coffin , bury in the God damn desert ! rebecca I understand you frustration -- 29 . paul frustration ? Lady , I be go to fuck die in here . understand that ! Rebecca be silent on the other end of the phone . Paul wonder if she be still there . the idea of be alone again scare he terribly . paul ( cont 'd ) hello ? worried , Paul light the Zippo . the reflection of the flame dance on he frighten eye . rebecca I be here . momentary relief . after a beat : paul well , then say something . tell I how you be go to get I out of here . rebecca what 's the number on the phone you be call from ? paul I do not know . do it come up on you end ? rebecca no . it 's list as unavailable . do this -- take down this number . Paul take out he pen . paul go ahead . rebecca 410-195-5453. Paul write the number onto the top of the coffin . paul who 's that ? rebecca Dan brenner . he 's the commander of the hostage work Group over in Iraq . 30 . Paul write " D. BRENNER " next to Dan 's phone number . paul hostage work Group ? rebecca we form it in 2004 to deal with situation such as yours . Paul shake he head in disgust . paul situation . I love how you keep call it that . rebecca do you write down the number ? paul yeah . rebecca good . hold on , I will connect you with he now . he should be expect you . paul what about the news ? I be go to call they . rebecca no . do not , I repeat , do not contact the news . paul why ? rebecca it will only complicate thing further and threaten you chance of rescue . Paul do not buy it . paul that 's bullshit . you be just cover you ass . rebecca no , I be cover yours . everyone who need to know about this do . 31 . paul you do not go look for something if you do not know it 's miss . rebecca that 's why you need to contact Dan brenner right away . Paul still contemplate contact the news , but soon acquiesce to Rebecca 's plea for he not to . paul Fine . rebecca I be transfer you now . Rebecca 's go . Paul wait . several beep sound as he 's be transfer . Paul hear a faint sound come from behind he , outside the coffin . while the beep continue to sound , he light the Zippo , circumspectly look behind he . he do not see anything . with the Zippo still light , Paul take a deep , center breath , follow by another . a few more long beep pass before a ring be hear . after two ring , dan BRENNER answer . dan brenner . paul Dan brenner ? Dan be quick to figure out who it be that must be call he . dan be this Paul conroy ? paul ( excite ) yes , yes it 's I . it 's Paul . dan Paul , I be inform of what 's go on . I want you to know that we be already work on try to get you out of there . 32 . Paul be relieved . his first glint of hope have appear . tear of joy instantly escape he eye . paul oh , thank you , God . dan I be tell that we have until 9pm . be that right ? paul that 's what he say . dan alright . that do not give we a whole lot of time . and just so I have this right , the kidnapper bury you in the ground ? paul yeah , in a old , wooden coffin . dan okay . my guess be that since you be able to get a cell signal , you be no more than a few foot underground . paul I do not know . maybe . dan what about battery life ? how much do the phone have leave ? Paul look at the display to find out . paul less than half . dan okay . you have to conserve that battery . we best bet of find you be by tracking you cell signal . be the ringer set on a sound or vibrate ? paul vibrate . dan Press and hold down the asterisk key to change it to a ring tone . it will use less power . 33. paul what about my Zippo ? dan you have a lighter ? paul yeah . dan use it to look around for marking , a logo -- whatever you can find . paul wo not it use up oxygen ? dan not much . do not worry about that now . try to find -- paul it 's really dark in here without it . dan I understand , Paul . try to find anything in there that might indicate where that coffin be make . paul you guy have to hurry . dan we be work as fast as we can , Paul . paul do you know if there be any other survivor ? dan from you convoy ? paul yeah . dan that 's still unclear at this point . paul I just want to do right by my family . that 's all . ( more ) 34 . paul ( cont 'd ) I do not know it be go to be like this over here . dan I do not think any of we do . while on the phone with brenner , Paul get another call come in . he check the display and read the number . match it against a number he write on the top of the coffin , he see that be jabir call . paul it 's he . he 's call . dan the kidnapper ? paul yeah . what do I do ? dan you know he number ? paul yeah . dan give it to I . paul what about the call ? dan give I the number first . the phone have rung several time . Paul fear that jabir may hang up . paul he 's go to hang up . dan take the call . paul but -- dan take the call . now . Paul comply with Dan 's demand and switch to the other line . 35 . paul hello . jabir two hour , six minute . Paul look at he watch . indeed , he have but two hour and six minute until the time reach 9pm . paul you have to give I more time . jabir you talk to embassy ? they give money ? paul yes . no. I talk to ... someone . government . they say that they will not pay the money . jabir no pay ? paul no . they say that they do not negotiate with terrorist . jabir terrorist ? I be terrorist ? paul yes . you be terrorist , you son of a bitch . jabir you be terrify , so I be terrorist ? paul what do I ever do to you ? jabir ever do ? paul yeah . I be here because it 's a job , to make money . that 's it . jabir I have job until you come . now , my family have nothing . 36 . paul that 's not my fault ! jabir retort with a spirite conviction similar to Paul 's . jabir nine , one , one be not my fault , but still you be here ! Saddam be not my fault , but still you be here ! paul I tell you , I be only here to work . to help rebuild . jabir rebuild what you destroy . Paul can not handle he stress any longer . he begin to crumble under the pressure . paul stop ! just please , stop ! I be just a guy . I be just a truck driver . okay ? I be nobody that make decision about anything . I just want to go home . silence from the other end of the phone for a extend period of time . jabir you make video , ransom video . this surprisingly come as good news to Paul . paul yes. please . get I out of here and I will make the video . jabir no . you make video now . paul what ...? how ? jabir you use video on phone . Paul 's hope be dash . his sanguine head fall back onto the coffin floor . 37 . jabir ( cont 'd ) near foot . you read note near foot in box . Paul shine the flame of he Zippo lighter toward he foot . he do not see anything . paul where ? I do not see -- jabir near foot . read note inside box . Paul reposition he leg as best he can . he can vaguely see the corner of a small metal box , partially stick out of a break plank on the bottom of the coffin . paul the video ... if I make it , will you let I go ? jabir only if we get money . paul nobody 's go to pay five million dollar for I . jabir we take less . one million money . paul if they pay it , will you let I go ? jabir ( after a beat ) one million money . jabir hang up , end the call . Paul sit motionless for a moment , soaking in all that jabir have just tell he . he again look down toward he foot . he can see the protrude corner of the metal box , but it 's position in such a way that it will clearly not be easy for he to reach it . Paul then try to clasp the box with he foot , but after several unsuccessful attempt , he realize that a new strategy be necessary . 38 . he make effort to reposition himself in the coffin , so that he head and foot will ultimately switch place . he struggle , inch by troubled inch , to make this maneuver . sweat pour down the side of he face . the extremely tight quarter of the coffin make the reposition nearly impossible . after expend a great deal of energy do so , Paul eventually complete the turn of he body . he examine the small , rusted metal box . on it be a cartoon picture of a small arab boy and girl play with a red rubber ball . skeptical at first , Paul carefully examine the box and shake it gently . item be hear rummage inside . he carefully open it . a fluorescent green light shine from inside . Paul look inside and find a light , green glow stick , fluorescing brightly and now illuminate much of the coffin . he close the lid of the Zippo . remove the stick . look into the small box again , he find several other item : a small , disus flashlight ; a second , unlit glow stick ; a jackknife ; and lastly , a fold piece of paper . he slowly unfold the piece of paper . we see that he ransom message be write in a unintelligible mix of English and Arabic . Paul shake he head and let out a sigh of disgust . he crumble up the paper into a ball and listlessly drop it to he side . he cover he face with he hand , he labor breath echoing in he palm . under the low - light of the green glow stick , Paul pick up the phone and dial he home . per usual , he get the answer machine . his son , Shane , be hear on outgo message . shane thanks for call the conroy 's . we be not home right now . please leave a message at the beep . thanks . Paul 's eye well up with tear . he smile at the sound of he son 's voice . the beep be hear . Paul hang up without leave a message . he look at the time . it 's 7:02 pm . battery life be hold steady at one and a half bar . he remember something . 39 . paul shit . Paul press and hold down the shortcut button on the phone that change the ringer from vibrate to a audible tone . the glow stick begin to slowly fade . Paul dial Dan brenner . after a few ring , Dan answer . dan Paul ? paul here 's he number ... Paul press the green key , bring up the last number dial and receive . dan hold on . alright , go ahead . paul it 's 07902-24-921. Dan say something to someone who be in the room with he , and then return he attention to Paul . dan this be huge . unless they be use a clone line , we should be able to find where this be come from in minute . paul what about I ? can you track my cell signal ? dan we be have a lot of trouble with yours . seem to be a eds line , probably through one of the egyptian carrier . paul what do that mean ? dan that ... it 's not go to be easy . paul he want I to make a ransom video . 40 . dan no. hold off for as long as you can . paul if it 's go to get I out of here , I be make it . dan the last thing we want be for this to end up all over Al Jazeera . paul we ? Paul become angry , again sense that more emphasis be be place on contain the situation than rescue he . dan this can not turn into a international incident . paul that 's all you people care about ! but what about I ? do not you care about I ? dan we do . that 's why we be -- paul no you do not ! you people do not care about any of we . I have have eight friend kill out here , six of they today . we do not have any gun , any armor . nothing . dan you be not soldier . paul tell that to the people who put I in this box ! tell that to the people who shot my friend ! dan we be do the best we can . paul no , you be not . all you people understand be you secret plan and you back room politics . ( more ) 41 . paul ( cont 'd ) if I be some diplomat or something , maybe even a hostage work group leader -- or whatever you fancy title be , I would be out of here by now . would not I ? but I be not , so I be just suppose to keep my mouth shut and die . dan I need you to stay focus , Paul . paul fuck you . Dan 's hear enough . dan Paul , listen to I : find you be we primary concern . bottom line . and we be search just as hard as we would be for a four-star general , so do not literally waste you breath suggest otherwise . Paul do not respond at first . Dan 's retort clearly have a effect on he . paul who be they ? the people who put I here ? dan they be just that -- people . no different from you and I . paul I be no terrorist . dan neither be they . paul how do you know that ? dan if you be homeless , starve ... actually , I take that back . if you family be homeless and starve , what would you do for they ? paul I would not kill someone . 42 . dan how can you be sure ? paul ( getting frustrate ) what difference do it make ? dan they be criminal , desperate one at that . they do not care about anything other than get the money . paul so pay they , then . dan trust I , if it be a option , I would do that in a heartbeat . paul how many other have there be ? dan since I get here ? hundred . journalist , contractor , soldier ... hundred have be take . it 's one of the only function business out here . paul how many have you rescue ? Dan be reluctant to answer the question . paul ( cont 'd ) how many ? dan ( beat ) not many . paul tell I they name . dan who ? paul any of they . make I know they really do matter to you . dan Mark White . 43. paul who be Mark White ? dan a kid from New Hampshire . twenty - six year old . Med student . come over here to help out local doctor . paul what happen to he ? dan insurgent grab he . paul when ? dan about three week ago . Paul write " MARK white " on the top of the coffin , below the list of phone number . he circle the name . paul you remember he name . dan I remember all they name . paul ( afraid to ask ) do he ...? be he ...? the glow stick begin to fade . dan yeah . yeah , Paul , he 's alive . hear this afford Paul some semblance of relief . Paul shake the glow stick , return it to its full strength . paul where be he ? dan Home . probably happy to be back at school . paul I want to get out of here . 44 . dan we find he ; we will find you , too . paul how ? dan we already have a solid lead on the number you give we . paul you do ? dan a unit 's on it 's way over there now . this news calm Paul 's nerve . paul that 's ... that 's good . dan yeah . paul what should I do in the meantime ? dan I know it 's hard , but try to relax . the more work up you be , the more air you be go to use . paul I can not help it . I be always anxious . I take pill for it . dan do you have they with you ? Paul check he pants pocket . he remove a small , orange pill bottle . paul yeah . dan take they . you need to preserve you oxygen level any way you can . paul okay . 45 . dan be you Zippo still light . paul not now . dan good . paul I feel nauseous . dan you have to calm down . paul I be try . dan and you need to save that battery . we be expect some intel in about ten minute . call I back then . paul okay . dan just hang in there , Paul . the glow stick begin to slowly fade . Paul shake it , cause it to brighten only momentarily before dimming again . paul yeah . I be try . Dan end the call . Paul let out a deep breath , find it difficult to lay claim to its replacement . he look at he watch . it 's now 7:18 pm . the tick sound of the second hand turn be inordinately loud , due to the extreme silence of the coffin . just then , the cell phone ring . check the number on the display , Paul see that it be jabir . Paul answer . paul what ? jabir do you make video ? 46 . paul no . jabir yell something in Arabic to the other iraqi man we hear in the background . collectively , they do not sound pleased . slightly panicked , in fact , though it be difficult to tell for sure . jabir ( to paul ) you make video ! paul let I out and I will make it . jabir no ! you make video now . in box . paul I can not . I can not read the paper . jabir make video now ! paul I can not . I do not know what you want I to say . I can not read the paper . jabir be hear speak with the man we hear argue in the background . although they speak in Arabic , it be clear from they tone that they be become worried and increasingly hostile . jabir return he attention back to Paul . jabir you make video now . jabir end the call . Paul close the phone to help conserve battery life . he then reopen the phone and scroll through the menu option . everything be write in Arabic . he eventually come across a icon with a movie camera -- the video function . he turn it on . look at himself though the viewfinder . after a beat , he close the phone , clearly frustrated and grow more panicked . his breath grow heavy and rapid , utilize a great deal of oxygen . 47 . paul I be never get out of here . Paul begin to freak out , restlessly squirming inside the coffin and press against the side and top . the glow stick fade out almost completely , offer very little light . Paul shake it , but with no change to its brightness . moment later , it die . Paul try the flashlight . click -click . click-click . nothing . he bang it a few time with he hand . the white light turn on , but quickly turn back off . he twist the top , which cause the flashlight to switch bulb . a red beam emit momentarily . Paul twist the top again and give the flashlight a few good whacks . it turn on . White light shine dimly on he face . he take a breath . in effort to calm himself , he once again remove the orange pill bottle from he pocket . he pour two into he hand . he then remove he small , metal alcohol flask from he back pocket and take a large swig , swallow the two pill in the process . still , Paul 's heavy , labor breathe continue . he drop four additional pill into he and swallow they with yet another generous pull from the flask . he sit and wait . nothing be happen , except that he extremely limited time keep pass . after a moment , Paul pick up the cell phone . he hold it in front of he , hesitant to make a call . after some consideration , he dial . after a few ring , a nursing home nurse answer . nursing home nurse Mountain View nursing Home . paul I be hope I could speak with maryanne conroy , please . nursing home nurse um ...okay . ah ... let I bring the cordless phone to she room . hold on a moment , please . we hear the nurse walk down the tile corridor floor . she soon reach Paul 's mother 's room . 48 . nursing home nurse ( cont 'd ) miss conroy , you have a telephone call , dear . here , you can use this phone . Paul 's mother , maryanne , answer . her voice be pleasant but confuse . it 's clear that she suffer from advanced stage of Alzheimer 's Disease . maryanne hello ? paul Mom ... it 's Paul . maryanne who ? paul it 's Paul , Mom . you son . maryanne my son ? paul it 's okay , Mom . how be you ? maryanne I be fine . paul that 's good . maryanne who be you ? paul it 's you son , Mom . it 's paulie . maryanne paulie ? paul yeah . remember ? we live over on colfax Street , in the duplex . remember ? maryanne ( remembering slightly ) paulie ? paul that 's right , Mom . 49 . maryanne be this paulie ? paul it be , Mom . it 's paulie . how 's everything at the home ? maryanne very nice . you father and I have be play gin rummy every night . it 's almost too much for Paul to take . he cry silent tear over a heartbroken smile . paul yeah ... I do not think pop 's there with you , Mom . maryanne how be you do , sweetie ? paul not very good . this ...uh , this may be the last time I talk to you . maryanne that 's nice , honey . paul do you get the flower I send a few month ago ? maryanne Flowers ? paul yeah , I send ... never mind . listen , I ... I be go to go now . I just want to talk to you , you know , just to say bye . I love you , Mom . maryanne do not respond . paul ( cont 'd ) do you hear I ? Mom ? I tell you ... do you want to tell I you love -- maryanne yes , dear . you father and I have be play gin rummy every night . 50 . paul ( after a beat ) okay , mom. tell pop I say hi . Paul end the call and instantly begin cry he heart out . he lay there , sobbing relentlessly . after a long beat , the cell phone ring . decidedly different than he past reaction to a income call , Paul seem hopelessly disinterested . the ring be madden . he mindlessly press the shortcut button , resetting the ring to vibrate mode . he eventually pick up the phone , but there be not anyone on the other end . it 's then that he see that it be not a call that come in , but instead be a picture message . press what appear to be the accept button , the income picture begin to download . several second later , the picture download and a image appear on the display of Paul 's cell phone . it 's of a woman -- bound and gag , a gun press against the side of she head . paul oh no . no , no , no ! Paul frantically dial the number to reach jabir . as soon as the phone connect , Paul begin he desperate plea . jabir video make ? paul let she go . please . please do not hurt she . the woman be hear in the background of jabir 's phone , cry muffle word through she muzzle mouth . jabir we shoot she if you no make video . paul no ! no , please no shoot . no shoot she . jabir you get money . american million . 51 . paul I will , I promise . just do not shoot she . she 's a mother , she 's get two kid . jabir two kid ? paul yes . she have two kid . jabir I have five . now only one . you make video . now !! paul wait ... jabir no wait !! I give three second . paul I can not read the paper . jabir Three ... paul no. wait ! jabir two ... paul I do not know what you want I to say ! jabir one . paul okay ! okay , I will make the video . just , please , do not shoot . jabir do not fire he gun . Paul attempt to catch he breath . paul ( cont 'd ) I need to hang up to make the video . okay ? be that okay ? jabir you have three minute to send video . 52 . jabir hang up , end the call . Paul reach for the ball - up piece of paper that have the ransom script write on it . it take some trouble for he to grab it , but he be soon able to . place the flashlight next to the paper , Paul be again remind of the incoherent nature of the script . paul ( be : the script ) fuck ... he drop the paper to he side and open the phone , set it to the video record function . he place the flashlight close to he face so as to make he image more visible on the small , phone display screen . he press the record button . paul ( speak at the phone ) my name be Paul conroy . I be a american citizen from hastings , Michigan . I be a civilian truck driver for crestin , roland and Thomas . I have be take hostage somewhere in Iraq ... and I need one million dollar by nine o'clock tonight , Baghdad time , or else I will be leave to die in this coffin I be bury in . I have be tell that if ... the flashlight go out . Paul continue speak in the darkness . after a few quick smack , the flashlight turn back on . paul ( cont 'd ) ... the money be pay , I will be let go . if it 's not , I will die in here . this threat be real and will be follow through on . try to think of more to say , Paul soon opt for not say anything further . he save the message and then send it to jabir . we see that the screen display a icon confirm the video have be send . Paul place the phone on he chest . still rub he temple , he eye begin to flutter a bit . he try to control he breathe and remain calm . 53. he open the phone and display the photo of the woman . he stare admiringly at she , hope dearly that she will not be harme . the effect of the anxiety pill finally take effect , he eye soon close and he drift off to sleep . fade to : int . coffin - later darkness once again . we hear the sound of Paul slowly awak , follow the sight of Zippo spark . it do not catch . the second glow stick be snap , illuminate the coffin with a fluorescent green hue . Paul start to move , but suddenly freeze . his eye widen . his pupil dilate . something be clearly very wrong , though we can not see what . his eye slowly shift downward , as if watch something move down he body . bead of sweat form across he brow . his measure breath be hold for as long as they can be . move excruciatingly slow , Paul lower the glow stick toward what he be look at . a shape move across he stomach , underneath he T-shirt . Paul 's eye be fix on whatever it may be . he cautiously , slowly , move the glow stick even closer . the shape disappear just as the light of the glow stick shine on whatever it may be . still , Paul do not dare make any sudden move . Paul 's pant leg move slightly , start at the top , slowly undulate toward he cuff . Paul lean the glow stick in further . and further . carefully . move a millimeter at a time . he shift the position of he head slightly , charily , to see next to he foot . he lean in even closer with the glow stick . but then -- -- he wary movement come to immediate stop . it 's a snake . a two - foot , see - scale viper . it have position itself in the corner of the coffin , inch from Paul 's foot . 54 . his terror evident , Paul very slowly pull he foot back toward he upper body , away from the snake . the confine space offer little room for safety . the snake turn its muscle neck to face Paul . they eye meet for the first time . the snake hiss , poise to strike at any moment . Paul raise he foot . steel himself . prepare to preempt the snake with a solid stomp . a more sensible plan soon prevail . after lowering he foot , Paul cautiously remove the flask from he pocket . slowly unscrew the top . splashes a small amount of alcohol on the floor , close to the snake . the snake recoil slightly , but then menacingly twist itself into a new posture , ready to attack . Paul lower the Zippo to the small puddle of alcohol . after a few spark -- -- it light . a flash - fire . the snake flail and hiss wildly at the other side of a small fire wall . the flame soon go out . Paul move fast . throw more alcohol , this time some of it land on the snake itself . he place the already light Zippo against the puddle of alcohol near the snake . another flash - fire , this time burn the snake . it hiss loudly . threateningly . it swing back and forth , challenging the small wall of fire . the fire soon extinguish . the snake burrow into the hole from where it likely enter the coffin , disappear into it with haste . Paul hurriedly stuff the hole with he discard button - down shirt . he then pour a small amount of alcohol over the shirt and temporarily put the flask on the ground , but do not screw the cap on securely . he then wedge the light Zippo between a small space between two wooden plank . with the snake situation handle , Paul finally let out a sigh of relief . rub he eye . tries to regain he faculty . look over the list of phone number write above he . suddenly , the cell phone vibrate . Paul frenziedly search for it , but he cannot find it . he then notice it have fall into the small hole near he foot , out of he reach . he make several attempt to grab the phone with he foot , but he be unable to do so . it continue to ring . his next effort involve reposition himself in the coffin so that he completely turn to face the opposite end . 55 . struggle through each move , Paul painstakingly begin to turn himself . while turn , however , he inadvertently kick the Zippo from the side of the coffin -- landing it on the floor , up against the glow stick -- and knock over the flask . we see that the flame of the Zippo slowly melt the plastic glow stick , cause it to dim slightly . worst still , and completely unbeknownst to Paul , a stream of alcohol slowly make its way from the flask and toward the flame of the lighter , threaten to set the coffin ablaze . inch by inch , the flammable spirit get closer . still in the midst of he reposition , Paul look back and see the alcohol near the flame . in a panic , he attempt to reach and grab the Zippo . but , he find himself stick in the middle of the coffin . he can not budge either way . paul no , no , no !! desperately strain every muscle in he body , he extend he arm backward toward the Zippo , hope to move it away from the spill alcohol . he still can not reach it , yet he try with all he might . the phone stop ringing . he have miss the call . he try blow at the flame , but he head be too far away and he breath be not strong enough to do much more than cause it to flicker . with the alcohol now mere inch away from the flame , Paul reach for he shoe . his odd positioning make reach he foot almost impossible . he struggle to undo the lace and remove it from he foot . with he face bett red from the force of he strain , Paul finally remove he shoe . the mere inch of leg room this create allow he to slide he leg out from under he . the trail of alcohol be just about to come into contact with the flame -- -- but Paul deftly maneuver he body just in time to awkwardly kick the Zippo out of the way and close the lid . Paul breath a enormous sigh of relief as he sit in the dim light of the damage glow stick . he notice another hole in the coffin . as a precaution , he stuff it with the cloth that have previously be use to gag he . 56 . just as he be about to grab the phone , he hear what appear to be the faint sound of a Muslim call to prayer be announce over the citywide PA system . the sound barely make its way through the hundred of pound of sand that envelop the coffin . a sign of hope , as well as a point of reference for he location -- albeit a very vague one . he listen further as the call to prayer continue . the light of the glow stick dim further . Paul then open he phone . see that he miss jabir 's call . he start to call jabir back , but stop . he instead navigate through the various display menus . he soon reach what appear to be the tool menu , though it 's difficult to tell because everything be write in Arabic . he become frustrated as he fail to find what he be look for . on the verge of mental surrender , he see something that give he pause . a smile cross he face . paul ( be : the phone screen ) there you be . we see , on the display of the phone , that Paul have find a list of language . he scroll past many -- " francais , detsche , espanol " -- stop at " english . " press the button , instantly make all the text on the screen readable . he quickly navigate to the tool menu . scroll down . locate the number of the cell phone he be use . he scribbles the number onto the top of the coffin . then a second pass , make it bolder than the other . Paul then dial he wife 's cell phone . after only a few ring , he be meet by she voice mail . linda ( v.o. ) hi , this be Linda . please leave a message . thanks and have a great day . the beep sound , and Paul frantically proceed right into he message . paul Linda , here 's the number for the phone . I just find it out . it 's 07902-42-884 . you have to use the international call code first . ( more ) 57 . paul ( cont 'd ) please call I as soon as you get this . I love you ... I love you . call I right away . please . Paul hang up . he look at the battery life leave on the phone . one bar . he then check he watch . it 's 8:19pm . both be not good sign , and he know it . paul ( cont 'd ) oh shit . he begin to panic . grabbing the pocket knife that be leave inside the metal box , he slide the blade in the space between the side of the coffin and the top . Paul grab the glow stick . but , because it be partially melt to the floor , the stick snap in two . liquid ooze out of the small portion of the stick that remain stick the floor . paul Son of a ... Paul grab the flashlight . turn it on . it work for a second , but then go out . shake it only produce intermittent beam of light . he turn the top , switch to the red bulb . it work . the coffin fill with a reddish hue , but then it , too , go out . grow incense , Paul switch back to the white bulb . it work . he return he attention to the coffin . his effort to use the knife as a fulcrum be futile . still , he try . bend the blade well past its design , it nearly break off its handle . the flashlight turn off . after a good shaking , it turn back on , emit white light . with oxygen level extremely diminish , effort of this kind be all too much for Paul to take . he have to stop and try to catch he breath . as he endeavor to get he wind back , the cell phone ring . not a call this time , but instead a video message . it have be send by jabir . Paul 's trepidation be evident . he fear what the income video may show . 58 . after a beat , he press the accept button and the video download . within second , the video play on he phone display screen . we see , in the video , the american woman that previously appear in a picture message that be send to Paul . she be still bound at she wrist , but she gag have be lower . she sit on she knee . stand behind she be three man , all with they face shield by arab headdress . they each hold AK - 47 assault weapon . Paul watch in horror as the terrify woman speak , through she tear , into the camera . woman my name be pamela gorham . I be a food service worker at F.O.B. anaconda , employ by crestin , roland and Thomas . my captor ' request for ransom have go unanswer , and -- the woman , pamela , look off - screen to she right . someone be fast approach she . she cower , protectively hold she bound hand in front of she face as she scream . woman ( cont 'd ) ( to the person ) no ...wait !! please -- no !! another iraqi man step into the camera 's line of site , a handgun already brandish . without as much as a moment 's hesitation , he fire two round directly into pamela 's head , kill she . the video message end immediately thereafter . Paul be in complete shock . he scream aloud , slamm he close fist against the bottom of the coffin . paul no ! no , no , no !!! still in the throes of emotional torment , Paul vomit on himself . he double over , only to vomit once again . his body , tax almost to the point of complete physical breakdown , gradually slow and level itself . with he vomit - smear face press cheek - down onto the bottom of the coffin , Paul stare into nothingness . 59 . after a beat , he eye catch a glimmer of light -- the blade of the knife , reflect off the beam of the flashlight . Paul reach for the knife . lying on he back , still suffer enormous mental strain , he place the cut edge of the blade against he neck . his jugular vein . his hand shake , he lip tremble . the hand that hold the blade tighten its grip on the handle . it , too , shake . Paul close he eye . a small amount of blood begin to drip from the side of he neck , where the blade of the knife rest , ready to open he vein . after a great deal of consideration , Paul throw the knife to the foot of the coffin . he can not do it . the flashlight fall from Paul 's chest . it turn off upon landing on the floor of the coffin . Paul sit in darkness . his breath echo off the coffin wall . after a beat , he turn on the flashlight . it turn off after less than two second . this time , however , he do not shake it , nor do he hit it . a moment later , we hear a click , follow by the sight of a red light beam emit from the flashlight . it hold steady . Paul shine it onto the name and phone number write on the top of the coffin . he stop at " MARK white . " after a beat , he lower the flashlight to he side . he pick up the phone and dial brenner . after one ring , brenner answer . he 's clearly not pleased . Paul , however , be surprisingly calm . detach . almost disturbingly so . dan why the hell do you make that video ? paul it 's all a bunch of lie . 60 . dan what be ? what be you talk about ? paul all of it . dan all of what ? paul nobody give a shit about any of we . we be nothing to you people . dan we be go to find you . paul by look the other way ? dan you can not start break on I now , Paul . you have to stay strong . paul you let she die . dan ( after a beat ) no I do not . paul they shot she ... and you do not do anything . dan we do not even know she have be take hostage . paul she send three video . dan that 's what they tell she to say . paul why ? dan I do not know . paul what do you know ? 61 . dan that you ransom video already have 47,000 hit on YouTube . and all the major network be play it , include Al Jazeera . so , now you captor have no choice but to follow through . paul I find out the number to this phone . dan how ? paul I find a way to change the display language . I figure that out , and you do not . why ? dan because I do not . just like you and every other person on this planet , there be some thing I know and some thing I do not . paul then how be you ever go to find I ? dan they signal be clone , like we figure . but , we be close . Real close . paul what about mine ? dan we be work on that , too . paul I be near a mosque . I could hear the call to prayer over the p.a. dan good . that mean that we be in the right area . paul you be nearby ? 62 . dan I speak with soldier from the third id who be escort you convoy . paul they be alive ? after a beat : dan not all of they . both Bradley tank be hit with ied . the rest get catch in small arm fire . ( beat ) what the hell happen out there , Paul ? Paul do not answer at first . dan ( cont 'd ) Paul . after a beat : paul we have just leave anaconda , everything seem okay . we know that a bunch of we cb radio have be steal and that the Iraqis be listen in , so we make sure to switch from we usual channel . Pam be riding with Jeff breer , the convoy commander . she want to ride with I like she usually do when she hitched a ride from base , but it seem safer for she to be with the c.c . as we head down the road , all this kid come run into the street . dozen of they . it almost seem like they be expect we , except we get there faster than they think we would . so they run on up in front of I , and I slam on my brake . the rest of the driver be already further up ahead , so they keep go . next thing I know , one of the lead truck get hit by a ied . I hear Tommy wilk on the radio say , sandman 's hit , sandman 's hit . he 's ...he 's everywhere . ( more ) 63. paul ( cont 'd ) that 's when the Iraqis come out of they mud hut from the side of the road and start shoot everybody . I could not believe what be happen . it seem like slow - motion , like I be watch it on tv. people -- my friend -- be get kill , and all I could do be watch . I do not even notice that the kid be throw brick and rock at I until one split my windshield . sort of snap I out of my trance . but then , I guess I get hit in the head with a rock , `cause I black out . dan do you happen to remem ...mo ... nea ... the cell phone service begin to cut out . suddenly , the coffin begin to vibrate slightly , drop sand granule through the crack and onto the wood bottom , follow by the faint sound of a explosion . within second , the explosion grow louder and more proximate . the vibration become so intense that it violently shake Paul around the coffin . the sound of jet plane engine be hear come from above , fly by as the massive explosion continue . Sand seep in through the crack between the top and side of the coffin as it shake . Paul do he best to brace himself , but the bombardment be far too powerful . a large crack form in the wooden cover to the coffin , span almost its entire length . Sand immediately pour through the concave shape crack , seeping in onto Paul like a hourglass . fearing that the top of the coffin may collapse under the immense pressure from the sand above , Paul position himself underneath it and press with all he might . he grunt and scream loudly , use what little strength he have leave to keep the top from cave . the shaking soon stop , though the steady flow of sand continue . 64 . in effort to prevent the sand from fill the coffin any faster , Paul remove the button - down shirt from the hole and stuff into the area where it enter with the great volume . he remove the ball - up cloth from the other hole and do the same with it . both offer very little help . the flashlight fall to the floor . the red light beam turn off . darkness . the sound of sand steadily pour down . paul ( exhausted ) oh no ...no ... Paul click the flashlight to a different set . White light shine , but then go out . he shake the flashlight and it stay on , shine its normal white beam . he assess he situation , notice that the coffin be already fill with a small layer of sand ; a situation that be only go to get worse with time . paul this can not be happen . we see that Dan brenner be no longer on the phone , and that the display menu show a icon of a phone with a line through it -- no service available . once he feel it be secure enough , Paul slowly move he body away from the crack . although slightly cave , it do not show any more sign of possible collapse . sweat drench he face . his eye affix , in utter disbelief , on the sand as it spill into the coffin , fill in around he inch- by-inch . he grab the cell phone , only to see that he do not have a signal . paul ( cont 'd ) no. come on . please work . he shake the cell phone and move it all around the coffin , hope that it may somehow help . his effort be futile . the flashlight go dead . he hit it , shake it . it turn back on . the brightness be diminish . still the sand continue to fall , drown he deeper and deeper in a pool of granule . then , very surprisingly , the cell phone ring . Paul answer right away . 65 . paul ( frantically ) hello ? hello ? who 's there ? Alan davenport answer calmly from the other end . alan davenport be this Paul conroy ? paul yes . yes , this be Paul . who be you ? alan davenport Paul , my name 's Alan davenport , I be the personnel director here at crestin , roland and Thomas . paul I leave you a message . alan davenport you do . I also hear from Rebecca brown over at the State Department . be you able to speak on the status of you situation ? paul it 's worse . there be a explosion or something . the coffin' break , there 's sand pour in from everywhere . I only have a half a hour before -- alan davenport okay , okay . slow down . you should try to stay calm . tell I something , Paul , who have you speak to ? paul the hostage taker , Dan brenner from the hostage work group -- alan davenport okay , Paul . I be with you . how about the media . I know you ransom video leak , but have you speak directly to anyone about what 's go on ? the flashlight go out . Paul hit it a few time and it turn back on . 66 . paul no . alan davenport that 's good . it need to stay that way . it 's important that we keep this situation as contain as possible . Paul find Alan 's obvious concern with do damage control to be infuriate . paul about three inch to my right , there 's a wall . Three inch to my leave , there 's another wall . and about four inch above my head , there 's a roof that 's about to collapse and drow I in sand . I think this situation be pretty contain . alan davenport I know you be upset -- paul help I ! help I ! what be you go to do to help I ?! alan davenport I know you be upset . and , from what I have be tell , step be be take to get you out of there . so , hopefully it will not be much longer . paul thank god. alan davenport yes , thank God . ( beat ) I be go to switch on a recorder right now . just a second ... Paul 's visage express he confusion . a click be hear in the b.g. of Alan 's phone , follow by a low , steady hum . Alan 's speech become very laconic . his question be clearly be read from a human resource handbook of some kind . 67 . alan davenport ( cont 'd ) this be Alan davenport , personnel director for crestin , roland and Thomas , Incorporated . the date be October 23 , 2006 . I be speak with Paul conroy . mister conroy , be you aware that I be recording this conversation ? paul what ...? alan davenport please answer the question . the flashlight go out again . paul shit . Paul hit it , but it do not catch . he sit in darkness . alan davenport mister conroy ? paul yes . yes ! alan davenport and do I have you permission to do so ? paul why do you need my permission ? what be all this ? alan davenport I need you to answer yes or no , please . paul yes. alright ? yes ! Paul hit the flashlight . it turn back on . alan davenport thank you . now , mister conroy , when be you hire by crt ? paul about nine month ago . around January of 2005 . why be you waste time with this ? 68 . alan davenport I have you official date of hire as January 4th , 2005 . be that correct ? paul who care ? this be fuck crazy -- alan davenport January 4th , 2005 . be that correct ? paul yes ! alan davenport and during you initial training , before be send to Iraq , be you make aware of the danger inherent to the position for which you be hire . paul you mean when I come down there to Dallas and you guy say that all of the truck would be armored and have bulletproof glass ? the flashlight dim . Paul angrily shake it , return it to full strength . paul ( cont 'd ) you mean when you tell we that thing be safer than ever over here ? be that when I be make aware ? alan davenport I need you to answer yes or no , please . paul ( beat ) yes . the flashlight begin to slowly dim . alan davenport during that time , do you also receive and sign a employment contract with crt , which thoroughly explain company policy as it pertain to you specific term of employment ? 69 . paul yeah , I sign a bunch of thing . alan davenport yes or no . paul yes . I sign the contract . yes ! alan davenport it 's we understanding that you be take hostage in Iraq two hour ago , be that also correct ? paul yes . that 's completely correct . what be the point of all this ? Alan break from the h.r. handbook script , though he tone remain just as matter - of - fact . the flashlight continue its steady , slow dim . alan davenport we legal department require that we obtain a swear affidavit from employee , confirm that they understand the reason for they force separation from the company . as of this morning , you employment with crt be officially terminate . paul wait , wait , wait -- the flashlight dim even more . alan davenport it be bring to we attention that you be engage in relation with a fellow crt employee -- pamela gorham . paul no. wait -- alan davenport stipulate in you contract be a fraternization clause , in which it be state quite clearly that any relationship , be it romantic or sexual in nature , deem inappropriate by crt senior official be grounds for immediate termination . 70 . paul we ...we be just friend . alan davenport we record indicate differently . paul this be bullshit . alan davenport we be also legally require to inform you that because you be technically no longer under the employ of crt at the time of you abduction , we cannot be hold accountable for any injury that may befall upon you after you official date and time of termination . therefore , in you case , that include this incident or any consequence that may result from it . Paul see where Alan be go with this . he 's thunderstruck . paul what about my insurance money ? my family will need that money ... alan davenport give that you be alive up until the time of you termination -- paul you son of a bitch . you can not do this . alan davenport do you understand everything -- paul you can not do this ! Alan take a second before try again . alan davenport do you understand everything you have be tell , mister conroy ? Paul do not answer . alan davenport ( cont 'd ) mister conroy ? 71 . after a long beat : paul go to hell . alan davenport that conclude we interview with Paul conroy . I be now turn off the recorder . a click be hear . the hum cease . paul you people can not just wash you hand of this . you bastard put I here . alan davenport I be sorry . Alan end the call . Paul look at the phone -- it be still hold a steady signal . battery life , however , be run quite low . all that remain be one blink bar , indicate that Paul have very little battery life leave . he shake he hand free of the pile of sand that now cover it and look at he watch . it 's 8:31 pm . the flashlight bulb dim until it go out completely . only the light of the cell phone display light the coffin . paul come on ... wasting little time , Paul dial jabir . the phone ring and ring , but jabir do not answer . check to make sure the he dial the correct number , Paul match it against the phone number he write onto the wall of the coffin . see that he do , in fact , dial correctly , Paul again try to call jabir . while he wait through the many ring , he try relighting the Zippo . spark ...spark ... it catch . no one answer . Paul 's disquietude be evident in he increasingly erratic behavior . paul answer the phone !! Paul try jabir once again , but still he do not answer the phone . 72 . paul ( desperate , exhaust ) why will not you answer ?!! it 's then that something occur to Paul . he stare at the crack in the top of the coffin and the sand that pour in at a alarmingly fast rate . the crack have split jabir 's write phone number in half . the aerial bombing . he wonder how it may have affect jabir and , consequently , he own chance of survival . he place he hand under the point from where the sand pour in most , allow it to collect on he palm and slip through he finger . the flicker Zippo flame tell of the diminish amount of oxygen . Paul attempt to control he breathe , realize full well that there be not many more breath he will be able to take . he then call Dan brenner . after a few ring , brenner answer . Paul be surprisingly serene . dan Paul , be that you ? paul they be dead . dan how do you know that ? paul I just do . dan Three F - 16 levell part of the city a few minute ago . paul I know . I feel it . do they know I be here ? the Zippo flame flutter . weaken . dan ( after a beat ) yeah . 73. paul do they care ? Dan do not answer . paul ( cont 'd ) this people that take I -- if they be dead , they can not tell you where I be . dan we can still try to track down you signal . paul you try that already . dan we can try again . Paul appreciate Dan 's effort , but he know there be little hope leave for he . paul ( cont 'd ) it 's over , be not it ? after a long beat : dan no . Paul do not say a word . he know that Dan be lie . after a beat , Dan come clean . dan ( cont 'd ) yeah . the flame of the Zippo become smaller . it clearly have little life leave . paul what should I do ? dan I do not know . paul that 's right -- just like everyone else on the planet , there be some thing you know and some thing you do not . 74 . dan I wish this could have go differently . paul yeah ... I too . after a long beat , Paul end the call . he force a smile to he lachrymose face . utterly hopeless , he open the phone and turn on the video feature . he turn the phone to face himself , project he image on the display . he press record . paul ( cont 'd ) this be Paul Steven conroy . Social Security number 048-32-1198 , date of birth 3/19 /68 . this video will serve as my last will and testament . to my wife , Linda conroy , I leave the seven hundred dollar in my personal savings and whatever I have leave in my annuity . to my son , Shane conroy , I ... I do not know . I do not have anything else . my stuff , like , my clothes . I wish I have more ... I wish I have do more . you dad be not really much of anything , Shane , I be sorry . maybe if I be a famous baseball player , or a guy who wear a suit to work , I would have more to leave you . but , you can be one of that people if you want . you can be whatever you want . just promise I that when you get older , you ' will take good care of you mom . and promise I that you will always try to do the right thing , no matter what . I love you very much , Shane . maybe I never say that enough ... maybe I do , I do not even know . that probably mean I do not . ( beat ) I be sorry , Linda . I should have listen to you . Paul end the video and close the phone . he carefully place the phone into he pocket , where it may hopefully be find if he ever be . 75 . he lay back , stare at the almost completely extinguish Zippo flame , as the sand continue to rain on he . down and down it pour , the sand of time pass might and main through the crack . the Zippo flame go out . Paul sit in the darkness , resign to what apparently will be he fate . hold on black for several second ... until -- -- suddenly , from inside Paul 's pocket , he hear a faint vibration . it 's the cell phone . he look at the number of who be call he . shine the light of the cell phone on the list of number write on the top of the coffin . he can not believe what he 's see . Paul answer immediately . paul you be not dead . jabir be hear speak frantically in Arabic to the several other people in the room with he . paul ( cont 'd ) hello ? hello ?! jabir turn he attention to Paul . jabir where be money ? paul I do not know . jabir what do not know ? paul I do not know where the money be . jabir liar ! paul I be not lie ! I swear . jabir swear ? paul I be tell the truth . 76 . sound panicked , jabir again speak in Arabic to the other people in the room with he . they respond accordingly . Paul try to turn on the flashlight . it do not work . jabir return he scornful attention to Paul . jabir from embassy , you get money now ! paul I can not ! jabir you will !! paul I need more time . please . Paul shake and hit the flashlight . it still do not work . jabir no more time ! paul there 's sand pour in here . I can not ... it 's everywhere . please , let I out of here and I will get you the money . jabir utter something in Arabic to someone stand next to he , seemingly ask a question and get a answer from the same individual . Paul unscrew the top of the flashlight . switch the positioning of the battery . screw the cap back on . Hit the switch . nothing . jabir return to the phone . jabir ( cont 'd ) you show blood . paul what ? Paul unscrew the top of the flashlight again . remove the battery . bite down on they a few time . blow hard inside the flashlight tube . jabir you show blood , they give money . 77 . paul no . jabir you cut off thumb finger , send video . paul I be not do that . jabir yes ! Paul put the battery back inside the flashlight . begins screwing on the cap . paul no . jabir no ? paul that 's right , no . you let I out of here , and I will cut off my whole God damn hand if you want . jabir again say something to someone in the room with he , return to Paul after a brief moment . Paul finish close the top of the flashlight . jabir you have wife ? click . the flashlight turn on ! Paul consider jabir 's question to be a potential sign of compassion . paul yes , I do . and a son . a young son . I want to go home ... to see they . please , sir . jabir Sir ? paul yes . Sir . I say that out of respect ... to you . 78 . jabir 243 East Walnut Street . hastings , Michigan . U.S.A . paul ( concerned ) that 's my ... why do you say that ? jabir you show blood ... or they show blood . paul that 's ... you be lie . you be nobody ... all of you . you can not get to they . jabir no ? paul no . you be peasant , criminal , that 's all . you do not even know where Michigan be . jabir Detroit . Ann arbor . even this basic knowledge be enough to make jabir 's threat that much more real . paul you look at a map . that 's all you do . jabir you show blood , or they show blood . send video by five minute . jabir end the call . realizing that jabir be go , Paul quickly dial he wife 's cell phone . after several ring , she voice mail pick up . linda ( v.o. ) hi , this be Linda . please leave a message . thanks and have a great day . paul ( frantically ) Linda , listen to I : you and Shane have to go somewhere ... anywhere . ( more ) 79 . paul ( cont 'd ) do not stay at the house , whatever you do , do not stay at the house . the guy ... the kidnapper , he know we address . he steal my license and now he know where we live . go to the sheriff 's station if you have to , just do not go home . Paul hang up . he take a moment to look around , notice that the coffin be almost halfway fill with sand . paul ( cont 'd ) ( be : the sand ) Holy God . Paul then dial Dan brenner . after only one ring , the call go directly to voice mail . the flashlight start to dim . Paul shake it , cause it to regain its strength . dan this be Daniel brenner . please leave a message at the tone . the beep sound . Paul deliver a frenzied message . paul brenner , where be you ?! he 's alive ! he just call I ! call I right away ! the fuck guy be still alive ! Paul hang up the phone . unsure what to do next , Paul 's heartbeat race . he fidget , nervously shaking and tapping he thumb against the phone . he question the validity of jabir 's threat toward he family . paul ( to himself ) they can not find they . they ...ca not . there 's no way . Paul open the phone and bring up the photo of pamela , bound and gag . the image cause Paul to second guess himself . the flashlight go out . the cell phone 's display illuminate Paul 's face . 80 . he then replay the video in which pamela be see be shot . reliving the experience be extremely painful , though he concern be more on he own family at this point . however , the video be enough to convince Paul of jabir and he cohort 's conviction . Paul try the Zippo . nothing . only spark . he toss it aside . his breathe grow erratic and labor . his eye dart from side - to-side , he throat groan involuntary noise of fear . Paul then look at the knife , and then at he watch . he have less than two minute to send the video to jabir . fearing for the safety of he family , he must meet jabir 's demand . he hit the flashlight a few time . click . it turn on . Paul open the phone and set it to take video . he place it flat onto the surface of the sand , which by this point be already fill the coffin halfway . he then reach for the knife . paul ( cont 'd ) oh my God . oh my god. he place he hand against the side of the coffin , spread he finger . he stare intently at he thumb . with the extremely sharp knife in hand , Paul slowly lower it just above he thumb . he inhale and exhales deep breath , almost hyperventilate . paul ( cont 'd ) Holy shit . Paul then reach into the sand and find one of the expire glow stick . he shake the sand off of it and place it across he mouth , bite into it hard . his heart race , he breath be the deep he 's ever take . after place the flashlight on the ground , to ensure that the camera pick up the image , he press the record button on the cell phone . grind he tooth into the glow stick and let out a primordial scream , Paul close he eye and chop down with the knife . we see , through the display screen of the phone , Paul sever he thumb with a swift chop of the blade . 81 . a small spray of blood spatter onto he face as he scream out in unfathomable pain . he fall to he side , still scream and writhe . he reach for he discard outer - shirt , which be still stuff in the crack to help slow the influx of sand . removing the shirt from the crack instantly cause the sand to fall into the coffin more rapidly . Paul wrap the shirt around he hand . the blood quickly soak right through it . he be fade fast . his blood loss be great . shock set in . he muster up the strength to send the video to jabir . to secure he shirt over the wound , Paul remove he belt from he waist and pull it tight over he wrap . grow increasingly more pale , Paul teeter on the verge of consciousness . everything become blurry to he . the phone fall from he hand . he shiver . his lip turn a light shade of purple and he face ash white . everything become more and more blurry . he fight with every last ounce of strength to remain conscious . while lay against the side of the coffin , the phone vibrate once again . to Paul , the vibration against the wood seem so distant , so foreign . the vibration grow louder and louder in he mind , sounding more and more like the sound of rotate helicopter blade . he then hear what sound like voice , yell from on top of the coffin . voice # 1 he 's down here ! voice # 2 get he out ! keep digging ! voice # 3 Paul , we be here ! the cacophony of voice form a mosaic of sound in Paul 's head , each overlap the other in distant echoe . shovel , digging deep into the ground , be hear bang against the top of the coffin . the top of the coffin be tear open , send a brilliant ray of white light onto Paul . he stare into the light , cry , eking out a torture smile . 82. suddenly , Paul be back in the same predicament . the voice , the shovel , the light -- it be all a hallucination , bring upon by he loss of blood . he 's still alone . he 's still in the coffin , which continue to fill up with sand . he be too exhaust to display he disappointment . the phone continue to vibrate . it soon stop . Paul be in too poor condition to show any concern . after a beat , the phone begin vibrate once again . after several ring , Paul languidly pick it up . he barely recognize the number through he extremely blurred vision . he 's so weak , he 's barely able to formulate word . he spit out stray particle of sand from he mouth . paul yeah ? dan Paul , it 's brenner . Paul do not have the strength to answer . dan ( cont 'd ) Paul ? be you there ? Paul ? paul I be ...here . dan we be come for you now . you hear I ? we know where you be . this news serve as somewhat of a adrenaline rush for Paul , who muster up even the modicum of strength he seemingly do not have leave in he . paul you be come ? dan we be , Paul . we be almost there now . paul how do you know ? dan Coalition force pick up a shiite insurgent just outside of Baghdad . ( more ) 83. dan ( cont 'd ) Said he know where a american be bury alive . he agree to show we where if we let he go . paul you be come for I ? dan we be practically there already . a impossible smile fight its way to Paul 's lip . his momentary joy be just that , however , for the sand have almost completely fill the coffin by this point . paul you have to hurry . dan we be . paul no ... you have to hurry . the sand ... it 's fill up fast . dan just hang in there for three more minute . this will all be over soon , I promise . Paul be very hopeful that Dan be correct in he assumption . paul okay . I believe you . thank you . thank you . a beep be hear . Paul have another call come in . he 's visibly elate upon see who it be . dan Three minute . try to -- paul I have to go ! dan Paul , no -- paul call I right back . dan Paul ! 84 . paul call I right back . Paul switch to the other call , despite the fact that he have a mere eight inch leave before the entire coffin be fill with sand from top-to-bottom . he hold the flashlight just above the top of the sand pile , allow it to illuminate what little unoccupy area remain . paul Linda . Linda be in hysterics , which be evident in she speech . linda Paul ? Paul be that you ? tell I it 's you . paul it 's I , sweetie . linda oh my God , Paul ! what be they do to you ? please tell I you be okay . paul I be ...okay . linda I just see the news . what ...oh my God , baby . the flashlight dim . Paul shake it , regain a bit of its strength . paul it 's go to be okay now . linda I miss all you call . I leave my cell phone at home . I just find out what be go on . paul that 's okay . it 's all okay . they be get I out . linda who ? 85 . paul the people . Americans . they find out where I be and they be on they way to get I . linda ( elate ) they be ? oh thank God . oh dear God , thank you . the flashlight flicker . Paul hit it . it flicker some more . paul it 's all go to be okay . linda how do you know for sure ? oh God , please tell I you be okay . the flashlight continue to flicker almost like a stroboscopic light from this point forward . paul I be okay . linda I be so afraid I be go to lose you . paul you be not . Linda break down in joyous tear . linda I love you so much . I love you so , so much . paul ( welling up ) I love you , too . ( beat ) I be sorry . I should have listen to you . linda it do not matter . paul I should have never come here . you be right . I be sorry . 86 . linda sweetie , I do not care . I just want you home . please come home to I . paul I will . linda swear it . paul I will . I swear I will . Paul then receive a call on the other line . he check to see who 's call . it 's Dan brenner . paul ( cont 'd ) they be here ! linda the people ? paul they be call I right now . I have to go . linda call I right away . paul I will . I love you . linda I love you . swear it again . paul I swear . I have to go . Paul click over to the other line , where Dan brenner wait to speak with he . we hear Dan yell to people who be with he . a great deal of commotion and action be hear through the phone . dan move ! move ! let 's go . paul brenner ? dan Paul ? Paul ? 87 . paul it 's I . dan we be here ! Dan yell to one of the soldier who be with he . dan ( cont 'd ) corporal , get you man over here ! Dan get back on the phone with Paul dan ( cont 'd ) he bring we right to you . dan ( cont 'd ) ( to the soldier ) start digging ! let 's go , let 's go ! the flashlight fade . Paul hit it , momentarily return it to full strength . meanwhile , the sand inside the coffin have almost reach the very top . it continue to pour in from the crack , seemingly faster than ever . Paul struggle to keep he head above the sand , give he only a few inch between he face and the top of the coffin . paul you have to hurry . it 's almost full . dan just hang in there ! paul hurry ! please ! dan ( to the soldier ) dig ! dig! dig ! Paul fight to keep he head above the sand . the flashlight dim . paul I can not ... be you close ? dan we be almost there , Paul . we be almost there ! ( to the soldier ) ( more ) 88. dan ( cont 'd ) faster ! ( to paul ) we be almost there . we be right above you . the level of sand grow even higher . Paul spit away fall sand that threaten to suffocate he . paul I can not hear you ! where be you ? dan we be almost there . a soldier be hear off -screen in the b.g. of Dan 's phone . soldier ( o.s. ) there it be ! dan ( to the soldier ) keep digging !! paul hurry ! please !!! dan we see the coffin ! just hang in there !! Paul cough out sand . he have a mere inch leave above he head . paul hurry ! where be you ? I do not hear you ? please hurry !!! the soldier be again hear off -screen in the b.g. of dan' phone . soldier it 's clear ! dan ( to the soldier ) open it ! nondescript noise be hear through the phone , until it come to a abrupt stop . dan ( shocked ) oh my God . 89 . paul what be it ?! dan I be so sorry , Paul . paul what ?!! dan it 's Mark White . he bring we to Mark White . I be -- we see the circle name of " MARK white " write in capital letter on the top of the coffin . paul you say ...! dan ( overlapping ) ... I know . I be sorry . paul no . dan I be so sorry . paul no !! no !! no !!! the battery life on Paul 's phone run out , cause it to power down . the filament of the flashlight bulb burn out . as it do , the sand finally consume the coffin , fill it completely . we hear Paul 's muffle scream emanate through the sand , until we no longer hear they at all . fade out . over black dan I be sorry , Paul . I be so sorry . the end