burlesque written by Steven antin 2/20/09 title sequence over music a series of tight close - up shot of dancer move in high energy fast pace sexy choreography . very provocative . leg . arm . butt . boas. sequin . costume . High heel . a kaleidoscope of image and color . end title on a black screen fade in sound of people talking -- glass clinking -- all the background sound of a busy , hip nightclub . suddenly .. .a loud drum roll . camera be low , move through backstage , pass curtain and the wing , fly out onto a shiny black stage awash in light . push in on footlight which be now blind we , blast into camera as they form the word ... burlesque drum roll end with a cymbal crash . the screen go black . then we hear a open music " intro " , a bawdy quartet . extreme close up : red luscious lip ... speak directly into camera in a smoky , sultry voice . tess once upon a time ... a long , looong time ago ... there be a good little girl ... and they call she ... reveal ... tess . a stunner with impossibly long lash , theatrical make - up and a sequine , skin-tight band - aid of a dress . she work the tight stage of the club , toy with the audience . tess ( cont 'd ) burlesque . music blare from a hot young bumper band -- sax , drum , bass -- wear bowler hat , suspender and lot of ink . the crowd hoot . lame streamer explode from the stage . tess ( cont 'd ) some say she up and die - of neglect . abandonment . ( whisper ) .old age . the club 's red booth be about half - full with a hip crowd . wall cluttere with photo . celebrity tuck in shadow . 2 . tess ( cont 'd ) but I say ... no matter how hard you try , you can not keep a good girl down . and I have get a bevy of them . int . backstage dressing room - continuous a dozen gorgeous , leggy girl fight for the mirror . mile of skin . heavy make - up . lashes . boobs. butt . fishnet . boas . and sequins . ocean of they . it 's definitely decadent . completely cabaret . tess ( o.s. ) come to think of it , none of they be all that good , which be not all that bad ... sean ( 31 ) , a cute gay guy with a armful of accessory push he way through the girl and in a blur , tighten a corset , toss a boa , adjust a garter just so . tess ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) eight show a week . sixteen gorgeous girl . thirty - two tower of luscious leg ... back on tess -- behind she , we girl slink onto the stage one by one . tess ( cont 'd ) say hello to scarlett . jesse . Anna . coco-puff . and georgie-girl . the girl gather at the edge of the stage , light by footlight , move in place to the beat of the intro music . hip sway . finger snap . tess weave playfully between they . tess ( cont 'd ) all of they the creme - de la creme . ( cymbal crash ) De la creme . the girl strike nasty , ( but funny ) provocative pose , etc ... tess ( cont 'd ) each one a bastion of bodacious ... ( Coco bend over , peer between she leg ) elegance . two girl upside down on chair nail aerial split . 3. tess ( cont 'd ) not to mention they other ... ( smack Coco on the ass ) ass-et . Coco raise a brow , move she butt to a loud bump - and-grind . tess ( cont 'd ) welcome to the burlesque Lounge , dead smack in the center of the sunset Strip - - do I say " strip ? " ( cat call from audience ) I mean tease ... footlight flare , uplighting the girl . they shift they weight , hit the beat with risque move and hip - thrust as they move downstage suggestively toward the audience to the music ... ext . MAIN STREET , grundy , iowa - night a small , grime - streak steel town , hang on by the skin of its tooth . board - up storefront , a run-down a&amp ; P. camera move past a old sign : welcome to grundy !!! and land on a break neon sign that read " dwig be bar " it flicker so you can read the name : dwight be . then go back to dwig . int . dwight be bar - same chipped paint . Old beer poster . a few pathetic customer . beer on tap . pinball stand lonely in the corner . a regular drain he beer , toss down a quarter and start to leave . someone stop short at the table . ali uh , excuse I ? you forget something . he turn . see : ali rose . one hand hold a bar rag , the other plant on she hip . Ali have a look that 's all she own : short short , white platform sandal , hair pile up high , more make - up than the rest of grundy 's woman combine . she 's young -- 22 -- but have a confidence that 's get nothing to do with age . regular no , that 's you tip . 4. ali huh . see , now that 's interesting -- you and I must do math completely differently , cause I ? I start with the six beer I bring you , add the four spill I clean up , the five time I refill you peanut , plus the three time you " accidentally " touch my ass , then I tack on lie to you wife when she call look for you , twice , and I come up with a sum that 's a hell of a lot more than twenty - five cent . before the regular can respond , Ali be join by loretta -- 30 's wear every one of that year hard . loretta she 's just teasing , ike . you go on home now , and tell Kay I say hi . the regular leave . Loretta pick up the quarter . loretta ( cont 'd ) it 's better than nothing . ali nothin 's cheap . a quarter 's a insult . loretta it will cover half a load down at the spanky clean . ali there 's only one thing a quarter be good for . Ali take the quarter and head to the back of the room , pass a geezer who 's sit by himself , drink alone . loretta oh no , hon , now you know how dwight feel about that . ali dwight be not here . Ali stop in front of the rinky - dink karaoke machine . loretta he could come back any minute . 5 . ali tough . I be not work here for the tip Loretta . she pop the quarter into the machine and choose a song . she pick up the microphone and , after a few open beat , start sing etta james' " something be got a hold on I " . ali ( cont 'd ) oooooooooh , sometime I get a good feeling , y-e-a-h and now we see where the confidence come from . she 's get a voice that 's way too big for this town -- the kind that reach way down inside you and rattles thing loose . we hear the same song continue as we intercut with : int . burlesque lounge - on stage - night the Girls undulate at the footlight as they sing the chorus : burlesque girl yeeeeeeeeaaaaaaahhhhhh ... we intercut : in dwight be bar , Ali be belting now . Loretta be tear between enjoy listen and watch the door for dwight . ali I get a feeling that I never , never , never have before , no , no ... on the burlesque stage the Girls belt out a raucous chorus . burlesque girl yeeeeeeeeaaaaaaahhhhhh ... as other entertainer appear onstage : tess the insatiable La puccini triplet ! death -defy daredevils missy and kitten deville ! the countess of contortion , Eva destruction ! and how about a little love for that bad boy of burlesque , we naughty - bawdy bumber band ! the tattooed band blare as the troupe kick in unison 6 . in dwight be bar , Ali sing , with a powerful vocal quality reminiscent of etta James , Sarah Vaughn , billy holiday . ali I just want to tell you right now , that , oooh ... on the burlesque stage , the girl and the band , loud and bawdy . burlesque girl ooooooooooohhhhhhh !! in dwight be bar , Ali , let loose now . wailing . ali I believe , I really do believe that something be got a hold on I , yeah . on the burlesque stage , the burlesque girl move in a line toward the audience , confident , sexy . the bartender , waitress and people work at the club sing along . all oh ... it must be love ! bartender BA - da , BA - da , BA - da : in dwight be bar , Ali , let it rip . the geezer sip he beer , unmove . ali i've got a feeling , I feel so strange . everything about I seem to have change , step by step , I got a brand new walk , even SOUND sweeter when I talk . I say , oh . on the burlesque stage , the Girls . burlesque girl ooooh . in dwight be bar , Ali . ali oooh . hey baby , it must be love ! on the burlesque stage , the Girls form a line . 7. burlesque girl you know it must be love . in dwight be bar , Ali sing . ali you know it walk like love . it talk like love . in the middle of the night , make I feel alright : in the burlesque lounge , the Girls , tess , the other entertainer , busboy , Waitress , bartender and entire company do a big finish . all BA - da , BA - da , BA - da , ba-da ! in dwight be bar , Ali finish the song . Loretta clap . the geezer , unimpress , get up and leave . loretta people around here would not know talent if it bit them in the dangly . where you gotta go be Des Moines . they get karaoke bar where you can win a hundred buck a night . ali Loretta - - when I get out of this butt-hole of a town , I sure as shit will not be head for Des Moines . she hop up onto the bar , spin around on she butt , one leg up in the air like a varga girl , then hop down on the other side then get back to work . int . burlesque lounge - backstage - night the audience be still applaud as the performer crowd into the backstage area , squeezing past the puccini triplet prepare they act . tess come off stage and bumrush Sean . tess where the hell be nikki ? sean rehab , if there 's a God . the backstage door burst OPEN revealing -- 8. nikki I hear that . nikki , a stun , feisty brunette , sashays in -- tess Jesus , nikki , you be later than Georgia 's period ! where be you ? nikki weave , wax , paw and claw . she drop she bag , quickly peel she clothes off , hold out she arm as Sean slip she corset onto she -- tess eye nikki 's body -- tess hold it right there . weigh in . nikki unwillingly step on the scale . tess shake she head . tess ( cont 'd ) put on five pound or I bump you . nikki protest as Sean double - take at Georgia -- who flit by with a slightly protrude belly . ext . trailer park - iowa - night Ali wind she way through the trailer , carry a bag of take - out , with a swing in she step -- move to music play in she head . she reach a double - wide , let herself in . ali nanna ? get you pot roast here ! int . ali be trailer - night tv noise . she come in , kick off she heel . ali they be out of steak fries , so I get you some of that ... then she stop in she track . nanna -- 80' , housecoat , oxygen tank -- be slump in she chair . the tv remote be on the floor . " entertainment tonight " be blaring . ali ( cont 'd ) nanna ? 9 . ext . cemetery - iowa - day Loretta and Ali , at the grave with a minister who look to be about 17 . a cemetery worker be nearby , pick he tooth with a toothpick . young minister dear Lord , we gather here today not to mourn , but to celebrate the life of alison Rose . ali arlene . young minister what ? ali she 's arlene . I be alison . young minister oh , shit . ( then , befuddle ) can I start over ? Ali roll she eye . later , the Minister and the Cemetery worker walk away , leave Ali and Loretta alone . loretta you be real good to she , Ali . ali no , she be good to I . she rearrange the flower rest on the plot , fix it up . ali ( cont 'd ) and she be not even my real nanna . loretta what ...? ali Foster care . she take I in for the check . when I turn eighteen , the money stop come . she could have kick I out , but she do not . ( beat ) ( more ) 10 . ali ( cont 'd ) she have a lot of pain at the end . nothing she talk about , but I could tell . loretta well , then I guess this be a bless . now she 's free . on ali , think realize : ali ( talk about herself ) yeah . I guess she be . int . ali be trailer - day nanna 's clothes - mostly flower housedress -- be fold in paper bag . her belonging be stack up in the corner . close on ali' mattress , as she pull a wad of cash out from under it . hear music over : " honey rock . " int . burlesque lounge - on stage - night nikki lead a group of girl in a raucous routine to " honey rock " . very moulin rouge . burlesque girl honey ::: in the wing , tess watch with Sean . tess Girls look good tonight . sean amazing what a pink spotlight can do . hide more cellulite than a burka . burlesque girl go , honey , go !.. ' int . ali be trailer - day move in on ali , as she count the money . shit . not enough . then she look around the trailer and realize - tough shit . stuff the money in a pocket , then pull out a suitcase . 11 . int . burlesque lounge - on stage - night the burlesque Girls tease the crowd . burlesque girl go , honey , go !.. ' int . ali be trailer - day the suitcase , as Ali throw in she belonging . when it 's full , she grab a stack of record -- Jazz and soul -- try to fit they into the suitcase , but it will not close . she pick one : etta jame . she stick it in the suitcase and zip it up . int . burlesque lounge - night burlesque girl oh , honey ! int . ali be trailer - day Ali reach into a drawer , pull out a framed photo of a young woman , 20' , short dress , heavy make - up , hold hand with a 7 - year - old girl . Ali slip it into the suitcase pocket . she take one last look around the trailer . burlesque girl ( o.s. ) go , honey , go !.. ' ext . grundy MAIN strip - day close on ali' white platform , strutting down the street . int . dwight be bar - day - music fade out Ali enter . dwight be at the bar : 50' , beer gut , humorless . dwight you be three day late . ali I have a death in the family . 12. dwight and what , people stop drink cause you grandma die ? get you apron and get to work . ali I be not here to work . I be leave . loretta you be ? ali yeah . ( to dwight ) I just come for my back pay . dwight payday 's the end of the month . ali but , I will not be here then . and you owe I for three week . dwight I do not owe anyone anything till the end of the month . Ali set down she suitcase and march over to he . ali you know what , dwight ? contrary to what you have be tell , there 's no law in grundy that say you have to spend every waking minute be a tight - fisted , cheap - ass prick -- loretta ( try to intercede ) ooh , hon , I be not sure that particular approach be gonna -- ali I have spend three year of my life here -- dwight -- and you will probably spend another three . you want to quit ? good riddance . I will replace you before you hit the county line , but I sure be not gonna pay for the privilege . he walk out the back door , slamm it behind he . 13. angle on : the cash register . Ali open the drawer , pull out a wad of cash . peer out back to make sure dwight be not come in , Ali count out some money . loretta what be you do ? ali I be only take what he owe I . ( then ) how much be that bike you be want for little keith ? Ali stuff a few twenties into Loretta 's apron - - pocket the rest . loretta Ali -- where be you gonna go ? ali somewhere I can breathe . now gimme a hug , I gotta get out of here before he get back . Loretta hug she tight , then look Ali in the eye , concerned . loretta you can not just head off into the sunset without a plan . ali ( resolute ) watch I . Ali give she one more hug , then grab she bag and leave . music back up : " honey rock " ext . downtown grundy - day - carry music Ali take off down the street . she pass two older women wait for a bus . a beat as they watch she pass . then : older woman she will be back . as Ali head off , we hear : burlesque girl go , honey , go !.. ' 14 . int . greyhound bus station - grundy , iowa - day Ali be at the ticket counter . ali how much to Los Angeles ? ticket booth guy one way or round -trip ? ali you be kid , right ? int . burlesque lounge - on stage - night - carry music cabaret chair as they drop from the ceiling . the girl catch they , spin they around , slam they down and land on they in various layout . in the wing , tess hand Sean she corset as she slip into a slinky dress . he take she cigarette holder and grip it between he tooth as he zip she in . sean they be loving you tonight . tess they be loving you . sean oh , shuck , I just tell myself I be write for a big old drag queen . tess eat I . as he head off with she discard costume : sean a big old foul - mouth drag queen ! tess look in a mirror . as she make the necessary adjustment , vince scali appear . 35 , scruffy - handsome . vince good show tonight . she glance up , see he . get icy . go back to primp . vince ( cont 'd ) too bad the club 's half - empty . 15 . tess half-full . vince I get another call from Marcus gerber . tess and you tell he we be not sell . vince he want to raise he offer . I tell he we would hear he out . tess spin around , look he in the eye for the first time . tess Vince , I do not care what the number be ; the only way Marcus gerber will get this club from I be by pry it out of my cold , dead , heavily - jewele finger . she pivot away and sweep into the club . burlesque girl oh , honey !!. Big finish , the number on stage end . int . greyhound bus - night Ali 's on the bus , in a seat by herself . a little girl in front of she be peer over the chair , watch Ali . Ali smile at she . the Little girl 's mother notice , get the girl to sit down by tickle she . Ali unzip the pocket on she suitcase , take out the framed photo of the mom and girl , look at it . then she look out the window and watch America fly by as day turn to night . ext . CITY freeway - day - the bus - speed by over which we hear someone channel surfing radio static -- int . bus - same Ali sit with she radio headset , search station as ... 16 . radio 102.7 kiis fm . Broadcasting from Hollywood and vine ... Ali perk up -- look out the window as the bus round a bend and ... the hollywood sign come into view . new music up : ext . STREET - hollywood blvd . day - carry music the rush of tourist and traffic . through a sea of people move down the crowded sidewalk we find ali as she emerge through the crowd , carry she bag . look around at this exciting city . she spot a shitty HOTEL with a sign : " $ 49.00 a night . " she look up at it . then head across the street -- int . ali' hollywood HOTEL room - day cramped , dingy carpet , chip paint . Key in the door . the middle - eastern HOTEL manager -- 40' -- lead Ali in , point out the feature of the room , speak fast in a impossibly thick kurdish accent . Ali nod along , not understanding a word . when he stop : ali okay ! ( then ) well . good luck with that . he drop she suitcase on the bed and stand there . wait . ali ( cont 'd ) oh , hang on . she dig into she purse . all she have be twenty . she peel one off and hold it out . ali ( cont 'd ) if I could just get a little -- but before she can finish , he pocket it , nod and leave , close the door behind he . to the close door : ali ( cont 'd ) -- change . she pull open the blind , they fall off the wall with a crash ! Ali stare at they . then she open the window . the sound of hollywood pour in . she dig out she cash , stick it under the mattress . then she reconsider . 17 . she remove the money , take a Ziploc bag full of make - up from she purse , dump the make - up onto the bed , seal the money up in the Ziploc , and take it into : the bathroom . she lift the lid of the back toilet tank and slip the Ziploc of cash under it , catch the bag in the lid as she set it back down , so it will not fall in . she go back into the main room to find a calico cat sit on the window sill . it meow , hop into the room . ali ( cont 'd ) hey . I think this be a single . the cat curl up next to she . she check he junk . ali ( cont 'd ) typical . first guy I meet be neuter . ( then ) you do not happen to know anyone in the music business , do you ? close on " backstage west " magazine , Ali sip coffee from a paper cup as she read trade and want ads spread over the floor . she refill the lid of the cup , which the cat lap up . ali ( cont 'd ) Singer / actress ... Singer / songwriter . Singer / scuba diver ? perfect . on another ad : it say : " singer / waitress wanted . " music up : ext . theme restaurant - day Ali cruise toward the address , dress in she Iowa best , full of confidence . she round a corner and see : a long line of 165 gorgeous , impeccably groomed girl . Ali stop in she track . tougher competition than she be expect . she head for the back of the line , pass girl do vocal warm -up . one girl be belting out a riveting " somewhere over the rainbow " . just as Ali get in line , the door open and a skinny guy stick he head out . skinny guy sorry , lady , that 's all the application we be take today . close on : a ad : " dancers wanted . pretty girl only . " 18. int . ali' hollywood HOTEL room - morning Ali circle the ad , sip coffee . look at the cat . ali I can dance . int . seedy nightclub - afternoon Ali breeze in -- sees ... a bunch of stripper pole , seedy drunk guy in the audience . she pivot , and walk right back out . as she leave , a drunk guy turn to a seedy guy . drunk guy she will be back . close on : a flyer , be snatched off a bulletin board : " background singers for urban group . " int . waiting room - day Ali enter , full of energy , as 65 hot latina and african - american girl in butt-bare , hootchie , hip - hop garb , turn in unison and eye she , in she denim short and white platform . not she crowd . close on : a pen circle : " singer / dancers wanted for tour . " int . ali' hollywood HOTEL room - morning Ali , eyeing the ad , sip a cup of coffee . look at the cat . ext . edge dance studio - day Ali , dress like the girl at the video audition : hootchie , street -- open the door to find 30 classical bun - topped ballerinas stretch , warming up . a dega painting . they turn in unison and eye she . again , not she crowd . ext . the capitol record build - hollywood - day gleaming in the California sunshine . Ali stare up at the glitter shrine to recording . take in the whole swirl , crazy scene around she . 19 . ext . sunset strip - night Ali wander down the sidewalk chugge a iced latte . the Strip hum with slick night life . expensive car pull up to valet . hipster swish past velvet rope . Ali move through the throng , alone , anonymous , invisible . she pass a construction site for a 15 - story - tall build , all light up , guy work at night . a bus pull out , spew exhaust . as the smoke clear , Ali see , across the street : a beautiful , statuesque girl stand on the landing of a fire escape under a street lamp beside a nondescript club . Ali catch glimpsis of she as the sunset traffic whizze by : full make - up , spangle burlesque costume , impossibly high heel , awesome . this be Coco . Coco make the dirty streetlight look like a movie-quality kleig . everything about she shimmer . intrigue , Ali look for a break in the traffic and cross the street . as she near the club , she hear a man' voice : alexis like I say , look but don't touch ! alexis , drag queen / door whore , also in full costume and make - up , toss a guy out the front door onto the street , then head back inside -- Ali smile to herself . then turn back to look at coco who disappear inside a back door as ... nikki walk out . light a ciggie . she have on full make - up . lacquere lip . lashes like peacock feather . she see Ali stare . nikki do not you mama tell you it 's not polite to stare ? ali sorry , you be just -- so damn beautiful . nikki ( warming ) in that case , screw you mama , stare away . nikki strike a pose , campy , show Ali she best side . they both laugh . al I no one would ever guess . 20 . nikki what ? ali that you be a dude . nikki 's face turn to stone . her eye widen in horror . Ali see the mistake she make . she 's mortify . ali ( cont 'd ) oh , shit . nikki " shit 's " right , you little half - wit twat -- nikki be about to unleash when the stage door open . sean bitch ! you be on ! Sean grab she and drag she inside . as he do , a strand of crystal bead come off she costume , fall to the ground . ali I be really sor -- the stage door slam shut . Ali pick up the strand of bead . hold they up in the light , watch they shimmer . she go to the front of club , where a smatter of L.A. hipster enter . there 's a glass display case full of photo of the act . Ali look at the picture of the Girls in they elaborate costume and provocative pose . she 's unintentionally make she way to the front door . Black curtain obscure she view inside . she peer in . hear cool music emanate . the sound of a nightclub . intrigue . she venture inside ... int . burlesque lounge - night Ali move down a dimly lit hallway . more beautiful photo of woman in elaborate costume , drawing , sketches , painting clutter the wall . Ali follow the photo down the hallway . muffled sound penetrate the darkness : people talk over each other , glass clinking . 1930 's Berlin style music . alexis i.d.? alexis sit on a stool , glaring down at she . 21 . ali what be this place ? a strip club ? alexis Strip club ? honey , I ought to wash you mouth out with jaegermeister . the only pole you will find in here be natasha the shot girl . Ali look back at the photo . alexis ( cont 'd ) ( impatient ) babycake , shit or get off the throne , I get a club to fill here . Ali dig she id out , hand it over . alexis scan it -- alexis ( cont 'd ) twenty buck . Ali look in she wallet . see one lone twenty inside . she hand it to alexis . he nod for she to go ahead . Ali descend a staircase into the club ... .and be bombarded by : color , chaos , laughter , scandal -- all shimmer , as if someone dunked the place in glitter . and over it all , a incredible mash - up of old music with a contemporary beat tie it all together . Ali enter , round a pillar , stare out into the room as a spotlight find the stage where half a dozen ostrich fan part revealing -- tess smoother than honey and twice as sweet . each girl lovelier then the next . gentlemen , hold onto you hat . lady , hold on to you gentleman . we may not have window .. . but we do have the best view on the sunset Strip ! music kick in as light flare from the back of the stage , where Three Girls stand , back to the audience , fosse-style . Coco , Georgia , and nikki strut downstage . behind they , Girls move and dance on cabaret chair . totally raunchy , completely timeless . 22. the girl hit the beat , turn upside - down on cabaret chair , arched back , leg reach upward , bend over , ass to the audience , body writhe in air-tight choreography : thrust hip , whipping head , stomping foot . Ali watch , exhilated , as the music build and swell to a full on performance with the entire ensemble -- jack get you a drink ? she turn . a bartender be watch she watch . jack - 25 , punky , dark hair , eyeliner , one arm half - sleeve with tat . ali only if you be buy . jack ( slide she a beer ) welcome to L.A. ali ( disappointed ) be it that obvious ? jack you still have that new- car smell . ali not brand new . but still under warranty . jack where you from ? she look back at the stage , mesmerize . ali Iowa . jack oh , yeah ? kentucky . we be practically related . ali I think you look familiar . he smile . as Ali sip she free beer , Jack stack drink on a tray for a ditsy waitress . he slide the tray to she . she do not notice . he bark at she : jack hey_ . go. 23. the waitress pick up the tray -- almost spilling the drink - - then head off . Ali look around the place -- wow ... ali ( to herself ) damn ... jack they do not build them like this in Iowa , huh ? ali Hell no . I would not have leave . she stare up at the stage , marvel at the dancer . ali ( cont 'd ) so tell I -- who do a girl flirt with to get from here ... ( point to the stage ) to there ? jack be this you flirt ? ali with someone wear more eyeliner than I ? he laugh . point across the club to a door lead backstage . jack ask for tess . she 's you guy . Flirt away . as she head off -- jack ( cont 'd ) hey , Iowa - - use my name . he hand she a card . she look at it : ali thanks , Jack . she smile , slip it in she cleavage and head for the door . int . burlesque lounge - backstage - continuous Ali enter into a frenzy . leg , costume , boob , heel , eyeliner -- all fly around like a flock of bird . 24 . in the middle of the maelstrom sit tess , at a mirror , quietly apply lipstick . ali Excuse I . I be look for tess . tess ( glue to the mirror ) so be I . and sometimes , when the light be dim , and I squint my eye ... I can still see she . she switch to mascara . Sean , arm heavy with corset , catch eye with Ali , nod toward tess : " that 's she . " Ali step closer to tess . ali hi. I be a friend of Jack 's , and I be - tess New in town . ali yes , and I be -- tess look for a job . ali yes , and I -- tess want to perform here . ali yes . tess glance at Ali in the mirror . then go back to she mascara , unimpress . silence . ali ( cont 'd ) I be a singer . a good one . tess this be a dance show . ali I can dance . tess ( a quick glance ) really ? you a professional ? 25 . ali I be a quick study . tess not on my dime . tess stand , a final check in the mirror . Ali see she chance slipping away -- ali okay , I get that you be busy so I will not waste any more of you time -- but this place -- I have just never see anything like it before and I know I belong here . so , how can I be a part of it ? tess twenty buck at the door can make all you dream come true . tess stride out , not look back . Ali see the Girls trading glance , amused . she turn and leave . int . burlesque lounge - night the bumper Band play as Ali make she way back toward the bar , deject . across the room , the ditzy waitress , hold a empty tray , flirt with a table of young hipster guy . Ali see another table of chic clubster try to get the waitress 's attention . the waitress ignore they . Ali see the trays on the end of the bar . she grab one , go to the table of clubster , clear they empty , take they order . she find Jack at the bar , unload the empty . ali one dewar 's neat , one shot of patron , and get this , tough - guy in the hat ? he want a cosmo . Jack look at she , surprised . impress . ali ( cont 'd ) one night . if I be not 20 time better than boob -for-brain over there , you do not have to pay I . music up : wagon wheel watusi 26 . on ali' white platform sandal , weaving they way through the table . widen to see she now wear a burlesque Lounge cocktail waitress get-up . she deliver a heavy tray to a table . she head back to the bar with empty , eye glue to the stage , where Coco and the girl be dance to " wagon wheel watusi . " as Ali hit the bar , Coco nail a stun kick . ali her leg go behind she head ! jack yeah , Coco 's the real deal . ali I want to do that . jack she use to dance with the joffrey ballet . nikki sing opera . Eva perform with cirque . everyone here 's a pro . ( slide a tray of drink ) and you be on ! backstage , nikki , line up with the other girl , peer between the curtain , spot Ali serve the drink to a table . nikki what 's she do here ?! ( point ) I want that bitch out . now . sean what would she do to you ? nikki she think I be a drag queen ! stifled giggle from the girl . sean can not be the first time that be happen . nikki be about to haul off on Sean when the curtain open , and whoomp ! 27 . she turn , flash she best stage smile as she join Coco and the Girls onstage in the sexy , high - energy fosse-style " wagon wheel watusi . " from the floor , Ali serve drink , take care of customer , all the while watch the spectacle on stage , mesmerize . int . ali' hollywood HOTEL room - night the door open . Ali enter , exhaust , but on cloud 9 , sing " tough lover " to herself . ali when he kiss I I get a thrill ... the cat meow and slink out from behind the bed . Ali pull the crystal bead out of she pocket ali ( cont 'd ) and when he do that wiggle I can not keep still ( tie the bead around the cat' neck ) Cause he 's a tough lover .. . int . burlesque lounge - on stage - night " Prince nez " by squirell nut Zipper play as Eva destruction , dress as a naughty - sexy ballerina , do a bawdy -- and technically flawless -- ballet number on a cabaret chair , on Pointe . on the floor , Ali deliver a tray of drink to a table of music -industry guy . one of they drop a bill on she tray . ali thanks . she head back to the bar . as Jack load she tray up , she stuff she tip into she pocket -- sees Sean , look she up and down . sean okay , girl , time for Sean to give you a real tip . he tie she shirt up higher , undoe the top few button ... sean ( cont 'd ) you get lip that could suck the chrome off a peterbilt , but that matte be about as sexy as a bedpan . 28 . as Sean wipe off Ali 's lipstick , then whip out a tube of lip gloss and paint away , Jack and Ali share a smirk . Sean step back , assess he work . please . sean ( cont 'd ) now baby , go show them what you get . he head off . while Eva perform onstage , Ali deliver the drink to a table of scenester as Eva wind up she act in a flurry of fierce ballet move , finish to applause as ... Ali notice someone wave she over . marcus gerber . 31 , boyishly handsome in jeans and a ringer tee . gold rolex , status sneaker . charm . charismatic . when Ali get to he : marcus dewar 's on the rock for I . bottle of dom for the table and -- ( toss a black amex on she tray , notice she ) -- and tell nikki I be here . Ali start away , then -- ali and you be ? marcus ( nod toward the card ) a member since 1991 . oh-kay . he smile , wickedly handsome . Ali pivot and head back to the bar . before she can tell Jack the order : jack dewar 's rock , bottle of dom , keep it come . ali so asshole 's a regular ? jack Marcus gerber . Real estate guy . ali he 's with nikki ? jack this week . Vince go over to Marcus 's table , shake hand , join he . 29 . ali who 's that with he ? jack technically you boss : Vince scali. tess 's partner . and ex ... Jack be about to lift the amex off the tray , when Sean swoops by and intercept it . sean a black amex ! the backstage pass to life ! he see Coco walk by , swipe the amex in she cleavage . she shudder , then turn around and tip she ass up at he . he swipe the card again . coco access deny ! sean now there 's a first ! Jack see Ali laugh at they banter . she head off with the tray of dewar 's and dom as the " Prince nez " number end . on stage light up on tess , CENTER stage as she begin a new number , " Long John blue . " a sing / speak hilarious interlude . the Girls back she up . tess I got a dentist , he's over seven feet tall . he name be dr . long JOHN , and he answer every call . I went to long john' office , I say , " doctor , the pain be killin ' I . " he say , don't worry baby , it's just you cavity , need a little fillin '.. . as she continue ... on the floor , nikki be sit in Marcus 's lap , nibble he neck . Vince sit down beside Marcus . Marcus pat nikki on the butt , excuse she . as she head off : vince she 's on the verge . 30 . marcus that 's what you say last time . vince she have no choice . we owe a balloon payment of 100 grand on the first , she take out a second to buy I out of the condo . and she just get turn down for another loan today . marcus there 's a handful of this club around town , I could buy one of they tomorrow . vince but it would not be in the heart of the sunset Strip . on stage tess and the girl toying with the audience ... tess .he take out he trusty drill , told I to OPEN wide . he say he wouldn't hurt I , then he filled my hole inside . long JOHN , don ' T you ever go away . cause you thrill I when you drill I , and I don't need no novocaine today . he say if it ever start a'throbbin ' , come back and see ol ' long JOHN , again , and again , and again and again : 1 : a rim -shot and blast from the band as the audience laugh . from the stage , tess notice Vince shake Marcus 's hand and leave . a flicker of irritation -- nothing anyone in the audience would notice -- but it 's there . at the bar , Ali bring a tray of empty over . Sean be there . ali she 's funny . sean thanks . my line . we secret . Jack give Sean he drink . he walk off . music up : a insanely cool version of sly and family Stone " everybody be a Star " mashed up with a fosse -esque burlesque rap . 31 . Jack notice Ali watch the stage ... she light up and melt , enrapture by the girl as they vamp to choreography in a tight group . burlesque girl ( whisper rap a'la fosse ) ... song continue over a series of shot : in ali be HOTEL room , Ali plop down a bunch of book , open the Golden Age of burlesque " , lay on she bed , petting she cat with she foot . she lock in on a photo of 20' - era burlesque dancer over which we hear -- sly and family stone everybody be a STAR ... in the club , burlesque girl strike a similar pose burlesque girl ( whisper rap a'la fosse ) ali channeling the choreography as she : - wipe down table with Jack in the club after hour , - flip through old soul record at a use lp store , - poke she way through the scruffy street folk that hang out by she hotel . in the club burlesque girl ( cont 'd ) ( whisper rap a'la fosse ) on ali be bed , Ali flip to a picture of mae West in the club , tess crack up the crowd burlesque girl ( cont 'd ) ( whisper rap a'la fosse ) in ali be HOTEL room , Ali eat chinese take - out as she pore over the book . turn the page to a photo of old school acrobat over " everybody be a Star " ... in the club , daredevils missy and kitten deville nail a aerial move burlesque girl ( cont 'd ) ( whisper rap a'la fosse ) 32 . in ali be HOTEL room , Ali , in the bath , still read , turn the page to a gorgeous image of josephine Baker sly and family stone everybody want to shine . ooh and come out on a cloudy day ... in ali be HOTEL room , Ali vamp , dance to the song in she room in a t-shirt and undy . the cat watch she , yawn and slink away . in the club , the burlesque Girls thwack down on chair . burlesque girl ( whisper rap a'la fosse ) in ali be HOTEL room , Ali thwacks down on a old mustard - color chair . sly and the family stone ever catch a fallin STAR . ain 't no stopping til it's in the ground ... in the club , a overhead shot , the burlesque girl now in different costume in a busby berkeley cluster , as camera boom down on they and they separate to reveal : ali , center stage , belting up at camera : ali everybody be a STAR :::: slam CUT to -- find Ali , in she waitress outfit , watch the girl on stage , lose in she fantasy . she catch herself , then move along serve drink while the Girls work the stage . the burlesque Girls continue they burlesque Rap . when the girl thrust out they hip in unison , Ali do too , unconsciously dance along with they . at the bar , Jack notice . watch . tries to focus on pour drink , but he eye keep drift to Ali 's hip . nearby , Sean notice Jack notice . look from Jack to ali. eyebrow go up . interesting . 33. int . burlesque lounge - backstage - night backstage mayhem . Girls scurry , Sean fuss , tess sit at the mirror , apply a fake eyelash as we hear a surprisingly good woman 's voice belting a song ! it 's nikki . late again . tess nikki , do you even own a watch ? or do you measure time in patron shot ? Ali enter with a tray of drink . nikki swipe one . ali hey , no , that 's for -- nikki open a bottle , pop 3 pill in she mouth , wash they down with the drink , and set the empty glass on Ali 's tray . ali ( cont 'd ) you , I guess . nikki turn to the mirror and start get to work . as Ali hand out the other drink : ali ( cont 'd ) tess ? do you have a second ? tess do not answer . but a slight glance at Ali in the mirror show she 's half - listen . ali ( cont 'd ) I be think -- see , I grow up listen to all this music , I would play the record over and over -- tess fast-forward , babe . I gotta rebuild Rome in the next two minute -- ( calling out ) -- someone talk to dave about the vocal on the new track !!! ali now see -- that 's what I have be think about . there 's one thing I do not get . tess just one ? 34 . ali it 's the vocal . you have the girl lip-synch . which be fine , I guess , but would not it be so much better if they actually sing ? the Girls trade look , know Ali 's overstep here . Ali do not feel the vibe-shift , surge ahead . ali ( cont 'd ) I have be read up on it , and back when burlesque start , that 's what they do . silence . nobody move . all eye on tess . sean oh , no she do not ? tess slowly spin around in she chair to face Ali . peer at she with a supercilious gaze . tess " when burlesque start " ? which be ... when ? ali ( search she memory ) oh. well ... this book say it come after ... tess vaudeville -- be the word you be look for . derive from the 15th - century french expression " voix de ville " -- " voice of the city " . popular song of the time that be strung together into stage show . which , over time , give birth to another kind of show in which talented girl show a bit more skin dance , do skit , and , _ yes , sing . in addition to be raunchier , this show be funnier , hence the new name . " burlesque " : " comical " in french . Ali see the Girls enjoy this dress - down immensely . tess stand , peer down she nose at ali. tess ( cont 'd ) dance major . juilliard . I do my thesis on burlesque . 35 . ali oh. ok . it 's just -- it 's just that ... I can sing and -- tess we can all sing . but they do not come to hear we sing . they come to see the best dancer in town back by the great singer in history . ( then , condescending ) but tell you what : when you find someone with better pipe than Sarah Vaughn , billie holiday and etta James -- you let I know . she sashays out leave Ali stand there with what 's leave of she dignity and a empty cocktail tray . the Girls launch back into prepping for the show . int . burlesque lounge - bathroom - night Ali push in , piss off , and hear the sound of puking . she see Georgia 's boot stick out from under the stall . ali Georgia ? you okay in there ? a flush . the stall door open . Georgia come out shakily with mascara-smudged eye , sweet as ever . georgia I do not know why they call it morning sickness when it hit at every freakin hour of the day . she rinse she mouth out at the sink . ali there be not many woman who could dance the Charleston on a chair at - - what be you , three month ? Georgia turn sideways to the mirror , inspect she bump . georgia four . can you believe my boyfriend have not notice yet ? ali you have not tell he ? 36 . georgia I guess as long as he do not know , I can still imagine he will be happy about it . ( look in the mirror ) oh my God , look what the cat drag in . she get to work wiping away she smudge mascara . ali you look pretty hot to I . Georgia reach into she corset , yank one breast skyward , then do the same to the other . georgia yeah , well -- you take what mother nature give you and milk the hell out of it , right ? Coco enter carry a glass of tonic for Georgia . georgia ( cont 'd ) thanks , coco. coco ( to ali ) should not you be on the floor ? ali I have to pee . be that okay with you ? coco not when you be block my mirror it 's not . Ali see she 's in the way . as she step aside : coco ( cont 'd ) ( re. the music ) that 's we . you okay , or be you gonna puke on I during the number ? georgia I can not make any promise . Coco drag she out , leave Ali alone . Ali look at herself in the mirror . reaches into she shirt and do the boob-hoist that Georgia do . look again . better . 37 . int . ali' hollywood HOTEL build - hallway - night Ali trudge up the stair , tired . suddenly , two young thug barrel down the stair , past she , almost knock she over . ali hey ! they tear past she . she shake she head , reach she landing , head down the hall toward she room , then see : her HOTEL room door , ajar . the lock break . ali ( cont 'd ) no. no ! she run down the hall . int . ali' hollywood HOTEL room - night ransacked . Ali rush in , go straight into : int . ali' hollywood room - bathroom - night the lid be off the toilet tank . her Ziploc of money be go . ali no !!! God damn it !!! she look out the window , sees the robber run off , disappear down the street . she kick the trash can . it fly across the room . ali ( cont 'd ) damn it ! damn it , damn it , damn it , damn it , damn it ! she see the cat watch she from behind the bed . ali ( cont 'd ) a lotta help you be . the cat creep out , slink around she leg . Ali plunk on the bed . ali ( cont 'd ) shit . then she see , on the floor , the photo she take from nanna 's . she pick it up . the glass have crack , tear the picture . 38 . she take the picture out of the break frame , smooth it out -- then look around she trash room . Fighting despair . ext . west hollywood STREET - night follow a motorcycle up the street . the driver have a keyboard on he back . he park , get off , take off he helmet . it 's Jack . he head for he apartment , but slow when he see : ali , sit on he step , she bag at she foot . head low . jack Ali ? what 's wrong ? you okay ? she try to speak , but can not -- so she just nod . jack ( cont 'd ) really ? Cause , in my experience -- when you be on someone 's doorstep surround by everything you own , there 's usually a not - so- good story that -- ali I -- be -- and as she expect , as soon as she talk , she start to cry . ali ( cont 'd ) --ro-0-0-0-obbed . jack shit . no way ! ali ( halting , gaspy sob ) come in -- bust the lock -- and steal all my mo-ney-ey-ey-ey !!! she sob -- try to talk , with high - pitch squeak only hear by bird . Jack wince , try to follow -- ali ( cont 'd ) ( more gaspy sob ) and there 's no way I - - sleep there -- with -- like that -- the manager say - - not till Monday - - and I do not -- anyone else -- but then -- so I remember I have ... but it go straight to ... so I ... she reach in she pocket , pull out a card . it 's Jack 's that he give she in the club . it have he address on it . 39 . jack okay . I have no idea what you just say , but come on in here and we will get it sort out . she look at he . wiping she tear . he pick up the heaviest of she bag and lead she to : int . jack apartment - night tiny one - bedroom . very " do . " floral sofa . curtain that match the area rug . candle grouping . jack have a seat . I will get we both a drink . here -- he hand she he phone . she look at it . jack ( cont 'd ) -- call whoever you want , long - distance , whatever -- ali I can not . jack sure you can . go ahead . her chin start quivering all over again . ali I .. .do not ... have anyone . jack what do you mean ? ali to call . jack no parent ? ( she shake she head ) sibling ? aunt ? uncle ? ( no again ) Friends ? ali ( through tear ) no one ! no one , okay ? do I have to spell it out for you ? I be -- completely -- alone ! 40 . Jack suss out the situation . jack ( realizing ) so ... you be not here to use my phone . she start to cry again . jack ( cont 'd ) okay . wait . no , stop , stop , stop , it 's okay , it 's fine . you will crash here . no problem . just , please -- no more cry . she nod . he grab a bottle of tequila and a couple of glass . pour they a couple . they both take a drink . jack ( cont 'd ) better ? she nod . jack ( cont 'd ) okay . good . she wipe she eye . ali just for one night , I swear . just till it 's light outside and I can figure out my next move . jack deal . then she open she small bag and the cat stroll out . jack ( cont 'd ) whoa , whoa , you do not say anything about a cat . ali what ? you do not like cat ? it slink around he leg . he shake it off . jack I hate cat . ali how can you hate a cat ? 41 . jack it 's easy , I will show you . the cat bolt into the bedroom . jack ( cont 'd ) where 's it go ? if that thing pee on my bed -- ali he go outside . we just have to open a window . he 's very independent . she open the window . the cat scurries back in , leap onto the ledge . Ali pet he . look at Jack , smile . ali ( cont 'd ) I do not have a name for he yet . it purr . Jack eye it warily . jack one night ? ali one night . int . jack apartment - later in the live room , the light be low . Ali 's on the couch , under cover , cat at she foot . intercut with : the bedroom . Jack at he keyboard , play from sheet music , learn a song . when he pause , from the live room : ali you be good . jack thanks . ali why do not you play at the club ? jack make more money bartend . ali you in a band ? 42 . jack be ... guitarist move to reno , drummer go to mo school , bassist be in rehab . I be subbing around town till I regroup . this be for a punk fusion band -- they keyboardist be a flake , so they call I a lot . ali ( sarcastic ) a flaky punk-rock -fusion keyboardist ? no way . he smile . continue play . high angle , see both of they on either side of a wall . her listen , he play . after a few measure : ali ( cont 'd ) hey ... he stop play again . ali ( cont 'd ) why would you leave kentucky ? jack why would you leave Iowa ? ali Cause I look around and realize there be not one person whose life I want . jack exactly . a beat . then as he start play again : ali hey Jack ? he stop again . ali ( cont 'd ) thank you . I be really glad I be not alone tonight . he smile . jack get some sleep . 43. he continue play . she close she eye . int . jack apartment - bedroom - morning Light rain on the window . close on : the cat' face , stare right into camera . reverse on : Jack , waking up . as he eye open , the cat lick he on the mouth . jack aauuuugggghh . he hurl the cat away and bolt out of bed , disgust . int . jack apartment - live room - night Jack straggle in , wiping he mouth . the sofa 's make up , blanket fold . Ali be make breakfast , she back to he . he can not help but notice she 's only wear a tiny tank top and undy . she hear he clear he throat . ali Morning . coffee ? jack ( nods ) Black . like my soul . she pour he a cup . see a picture of a beautiful girl on he fridge . ali she 's pretty . you sister ? jack my fiancee . Natalie . ali fiancee ? you be straight ? jack of course I be straight . you think I be gay ? ali yes ? jack why ? 44 . ali I do not know , the ... make -up ? jack it 's a look . ali okay . jack a straight look . ali okay . ( then ) and the floral couch ...? ali / jack Natalie . as Ali realize she 's barely dress in front of a straight guy . ali I should put on pants . jack probably . she bolt out to the live room , start digging through she bag , bent over . she 's in the doorway , so from the kitchen , all he can see be she cute little ass stick out . ali where be she ? jack New York . do a play . ali for how long ? jack six more week . she can not find pants . she shift , so now she ass be face he directly . he try not to look -- ali ( keep digging ) oh , God , now I feel bad about this . i'm sorry -- 45 . jack for what ? ali I do not know . now that you be straight and engage , it feel weird that I come here . jack well , you do , and it be fine . aha ! pant . she pull they out , start put they on . he look out . her foot be catch in the pants leg . as she hop around , try to untangle it -- jack ( cont 'd ) or at least it will be as soon as you get dress . she tumble out of view , thump against some furniture . she appear in the doorway , pants on , pull on a sweater . she slip she foot into she shoe . ali alrighty then -- I will get outta you hair now ... jack wait , where be you head ? ali oh , do not worry about I . I have get a plan . ( scoops up the cat ) come on , cat . she zip the cat into the bag he come in . jack hang on , let I at least spot you some cash . I be a little strapped , but I could -- ali no , I be good , if you could just she nod at the door . he open it for she . ali ( cont 'd ) thank you . for everything . you be my knight in shine ... eyeliner . ( more ) 46 . ali ( cont 'd ) ( out the door ) I will see you at the club . jack cool . she leave . he close the door behind she . stands there . ext . jack apartment - day Ali look at the rain . then march out into it , lug she stuff . go about 15 yard in one direction , then stop . int . jack apartment - same Jack watch she out the window as she march 15 yard in another direction , then stop . ponder . she see a bus stop across the street . she cross to it and sit . ext . bus stop - day Ali peer down the street for the bus . Jack appear beside she , get soak in the rain . jack so , this plan of yours ? ali .was to sit here at the bus stop and come up with a plan . jack come back inside . ali no , Jack , I - - jack ali -- ali I will figure it out , this be not you problem -- jack it 's pour ! ali it 's only water for chrissake -- 47 . jack GOD damn it ! get you ass back in my house ! now ! ali Jack -- you have do enough and -- in one move he scoops her up as she let out a whoooop ! ali ( cont 'd ) Jack -- no ! stop it ! he grab she bag and carry she back across the street -- int . jack apartment - day the door kick OPEN -- they enter , Jack carry Ali , drip wet . ali please put I down -- he set she down -- jack look , you have nowhere to go , I have a couch . you may as well stay here for a few day . ali you really do not need to do that . I will be fine -- jack you will be homeless . you always have this much trouble say yes when someone be try to help you ? al I it 's never happen before . the cat jump up on the back of a chair , all wet , and shake , splattering they with wet cat smell . jack / ali aaaaargh ! as he phone ring . jack there 's a towel in the bathroom -- dry yourself and that damn cat off . 48 . Ali collect the cat -- head for the bathroom . Jack check he phone . answer . jack ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) hey , baby , how 's it go ?... really ? that 's awesome ... ali ( o.s. ) ( calling out ) do you have a blow dryer ? jack ( into phone ) that ...? just this person from work what ? no , she 's just a friend , I be help she out . nat , it 's nothing . o.s. music up : " baby you've got what it take " by Brook Denton and dinah Washington over ... int . burlesque lounge - on stage - day close on a heavily made - up girl as she scream and drop out of the shot in a fly split . behind she , a row of dancers do the same . typical , fantastic , old -school can-can . widen to see tess and Sean , on the floor , audition they . the club be brightly light , none of its evening aura . scatter around the club be other hopefuls in group , wait for they turn . music continue over : ext . burlesque lounge - day Jack 's motorcycle pull up to the club , with Jack drive , and Ali riding on back . int . burlesque lounge - day Ali and Jack enter as the audition be under way . as they set up the bar , Ali watch the stage , intrigue . montage : the dancer audition , in small group . all shape , size . Ali watch . finally only a few be leave . 49 . tess okay , front row , thank you very much . they walk off stage , dismiss . tess turn to Sean . tess ( cont 'd ) what happen to all the great dancer in l.a ? sean they be busy " Dancing with the star . " ( to the wait dancer ) last group , please . half a dozen dancers move to the stage . Ali watch from behind the bar , think . then , on she face , we see : a idea form . on the floor , tess and Sean check they clipboard , organize for this next set . they look up and start in : tess all right , lady , and five , six , seven -- whoa . there , in the back row , be Ali , in she white platform shoe . tess ( cont 'd ) what the hell do you think you be do ? Coco and Georgia enter -- surprised to see Ali on stage . ali try out . tess I do not think so . ali tess , I have be sing and dance my whole life and -- tess the girl here have year of training and experience . this stage be for serious and professional dancers who -- 50 . ali ( angry , interrupt ) hey_ . this be you club and you can be as rude as you want -- but do not you dare tell I I be not serious . Sean 's eyebrow reach for the ceiling as nikki enter , sees Ali on stage . ali ( cont 'd ) I may not have be to a professional dance school , but I have a lot of talent and I come to this town to do something with it . and the only reason I have be put up with all the bullshit " attitude " I get from you be cause I want to do it here . ( beat ) for the first time in my life , I do not want to be someplace else . so you be gonna give I my shot . right here . right now . everyone in the club just stand there . jaw drop . tess just look at she , blink , incredulous . ali ( cont 'd ) one song . you do not like it , I will quit and do we both a favor . ( beat ) you call , lady . I know every number in the show . Sean , eye big as saucer , look from Ali to tess , then back again -- tess ( doubtful ) you know every number . ali which one do you wanna see ? tess look at she in disbelief . ali ( cont 'd ) I say , which one do you wanna see ? Ali just stare at she . Calling she bluff , tess yell up to dave in the sound booth -- 51 . tess tough lover ! tess plop down in a booth -- cross she arm indignantly . on stage , the music start . Ali ready herself , start to dance . behind a beat to two . she 's get the step right , but it be not click . she 's think too hard . no personality . after a few measure , tess have see enough . tess ( cont 'd ) okay then , next ? ali hang on . ( to Dave in the booth ) start it again , please ? as Dave reset the music . Ali regroup : take she hair down and shake it loose . nikki enter , sees Ali on stage -- nikki ( to georgia ) what the hell 's go on ? coco shhhh . on stage , Ali take a beat ; inhale , breathe in attitude . then she look up at the booth again . ali anytime . the music start in again . and this time , Ali come alive . she may not have perfect technique or the best extension , but she exude a ambition and sexuality no one have see from she before . it 's like she become a woman before we eye . she miss a step or two , but who the hell care ? on the floor , Sean gape , eye pop . tess be poker - face . Coco and Georgia 's expression turn from dubious to respectful . nikki 's eye narrow . at the bar , Jack freeze , a huge rack of glass in he arm - - unable to tear he eye away . 52 . as the song climaxe , Ali finish with a allure toss of she ass , then land in a sexy layout on a chair , own the stage . the music end . a stunne silence . the only sound be Ali 's heavy breathe . then Georgia jump up , applauding effusively . nikki what be so you happy about , that 's you replacement . georgia yeah , but she 's really good . tess and Ali be in a stare down . tess I want so badly to say something bitchy , but nothing 's come . sean there 's a first . tess sigh , not want to give Ali any prop . tess you be off the whole second half . ali so , I be spot on the first half ? tess narrow she eye at Ali . then look over at nikki , Coco and Georgia . Georgia give a effusive thumb up -- then suddenly become overcome by nausea , cover she mouth and run to the bathroom to puke -- tess roll she eye , look back at Ali . tess oh , you be gonna be such a pain in my ass . Ali try hard not to beam -- ali do I have the job , or not ? tess you be not great . what you be be lucky . because I need someone tonight . 53. ali and I know all the routine . as tess turn and leave -- tess even in that shoe that time forget . sean theeeere 's bitchy . nikki watch tess go -- turn and pour herself a shot . nikki well -- this totally suck ass . Sean jump up on the stage . sean congratulation . the last time someone show tess ball like that , she marry he . ( look Ali over ) you look like a checker at a mal wart in wichita . just triple you salary . get a new look . ali hey , I happen to like the way I look . sean really ? that 's a fascinating story . and then what happen ? ( all business ) backstage in five . ( walking off ) welcome to the family . Ali jump off the stage , run to the bar , where Jack be still stand , slack - jaw . she throw she arm around he . ali sorry for the short notice , I quit ! ( plant a big kiss on he ) but hey -- with my raise I will be off you couch in a week . she squeeze he tight -- then head backstage leave he stand there , really turn on . 54 . int . burlesque lounge - backstage - day Sean swing open a door , revealing a room pack to the gill with costume : feather , sequin , fishnet , corset , jamme up against each other . Sean toss she clothes in a blur . sean first number , second number , third number ... she catch the clothes . he dump shoe on top of they , hold they up as he tell she what they go with : sean ( cont 'd ) with the sequine bustier . with the short and garter . with the bead number . and that -- ( point to hers ) I never want to see again . ( remembering ) oh ! and -- he hand she a prop gold machine gun . sean ( cont 'd ) for " miss otis regrets " . just be sure you do not -- Ali pull the trigger . boom -- glitter splat all over Sean . sean ( cont 'd ) pull the trigger . music up : " rich man' frug " . carry music over : int . burlesque lounge - on stage - night the chic audience watch the Girls do a swingin ' sixty shimmy and shake number . camera move across the girl ' face as drum roll and they head turn to each drumbeat . the last face to turn be ali be . in full stage make - up , she look like a gorgeous classic burlesque dancer . the girl , in 20 's revealing bathing suit and stilettos , kick and dance downstage in a line . Ali struggle a little to keep up a waiter cross frame and we wipe to : - another night . same music , different costume . Ali 's dance be improve . waitress cross frame and we wipe to : 55 . - another night . same music , yet another set of costume . Ali 's as good as anyone else up there . a audience member cross frame and we wipe to : - another night . same music , another set of costume . Ali know the step now , she 's not think about they . she 's all performance , vamp to the audience , sell like crazy . she nail a final layout on a chair , it 's flawless . tess and Sean be watch from the wing . they notice the extra whip in Ali 's head , the bump in she grind . sean admit it . you like she . it kill you , but you like she . tess meet he eye , then walk away . the number end . the girl rush offstage and peel they costume off . ali my tit be up around my ear , my thong 's about a mile up up ass , this corset be so tight , I have not breathe since Tuesday and this lash be thick enough to kick up a stiff wind . sean it 's fun be a girl , huh ? ali ( big smile ) yeah . she hand he the last bit of she costume . follow Ali as she head to the dress room . as she grab she T-shirt and jeans : jesse I be starve , who want to go grab some pizza before the next show ? a general chorus of " yeah ? " and " I be in . " follow Ali to the bathroom as she throw on she clothes and wash off she make - up , hum " Rich man 's frug " to herself . she head back out to the dress room to find : everyone be gone . she look around . feel like a fool . she plunk down in a chair . drop she bag on the floor . look at herself in the mirror . 56 . she see a picture of a classic burlesque beauty tape to the mirror . notice she eye make - up -- strong , thick eyeliner . Ali pick up a brush , dip it in eyeliner , and try to duplicate the look on she own eye . after a first try : tess ( o.s. ) you brush be for shit . she turn and see tess in the doorway . tess come over , take Ali 's brush . look at it . tess ( cont 'd ) where would you get this , the 99 cent store ? she chuck it in the trash . ali hey . tess make - up be like wine . the good stuff cost a fortune but be worth every penny . where be everyone ? ali all the girl go out for pizza . tess be not you one of the girl ? ali apparently not . tess read she like a book . know what go down . she turn to leave , then pause at the door . turn back . tess do not take it personally . they love 's the kind you gotta earn . Ali meet she eye in the mirror . then tess grab a brush from she own station , toss it to Ali . tess ( cont 'd ) dip it in water first , or you ' will never get a clean line . she leave Ali alone . 57 . int . jack apartment - bathroom - day Jack enter in boxer , kick they off , open the shower , then freeze . jack ali !!! int . jack apartment - live room - day Ali be just waking up . jack you stupid cat peed in the tub ! ali what ...? ( see the window close ) you close the window , what do you expect ? jack you cat pee in the house , and it 's my_ fault ?! Ali scoops the cat up . ali awwww . poor guy , you must have be desperate . jack goddamn cat . and you use my towel again . ( then , point ) how 's that apartment hunt come ? he grab the newspaper and toss it in front of she -- she glare at he , then glance at the paper -- ali ( eye widening ) a thousand buck for a studio ? jack can you really put a price on privacy ? freedom ? you own bathroom ? with clean towel ? 58 . ali okay , Jack -- I get it -- his cell phone ring . as he check who 's call : jack Natalie . ( then , into phone : ) hey , baby , how be you ? he head into the bedroom , close the door . Ali shake she head , begin to peruse the classified . int . jack apartment - kitchen - day Ali , in pajamas , be at the table , comb the classified apartment ad . the cat be beside she . ali Guest studio , Hollywood , $ 900 , with a yard , and -- oh . no pet . ( to the cat ) screw they . she scan the ad some more . find a good one . ali ( cont 'd ) ooh ? Jack walk in . look like he 's get something on he mind . ali ( cont 'd ) I think I find my new place . where 's pomona ? jack go to Hell , turn leave , it 's three mile down on the right . ali really . how 's beachwood Canyon ? jack great , if you have a car . ( beat ) Truth be , you should get a car first . this be l.a . you do not exist without a car . plus , you can not really afford a decent place yet . ( thinking ) tell you what . ( more ) 59 jack ( cont 'd ) I be gonna suck it up and let you stay here a little longer . just throw in a little something for rent . she look at he , curious . ali what about the " God damn " cat ? jack hey , I do not like the cat . and I do not like my towel be wet . I do not like the lack of privacy . but you be in a jam -- and I be the kind of guy , if a friend 's in trouble , I help . it 's just who I be . ali ( suspicious ) what do Natalie have to say ? jack nothing , you know just ... hi. she narrow she eye at he . he concede . jack ( cont 'd ) and ...her play get extend three more month , so since she have to pay rent there , she can not also keep up she part of the rent here . ali ah-hah . jack so if you could stick around and chip in , it would -- ali save you ass ? jack -- help . Ali look down at he shoe . ali well , will you look at that ? the shoe , on the other foot ! jack okay -- 60 . ali one minute I be a freeloader with a God damn cat , the next , I be the only thing stand between you and eviction -- jack just -- yes or no ? ali what 's the proposal , exactly ? Jack look at she -- realize he 's screw . jack the bedroom , with private bathroom access , for 600 a month , include utility . ali closet ? jack half . Ali pick up the paper , read a ad . ali ooh , look ! hot tub ! jack Fine . the closet , too . she weigh it . make he suffer . then : ali okay . jack thank you . ali ( mocking he ) hey , I be the kind of girl , if a friend 's in trouble , I help . that 's just who I be . we hear a audience laugh o.s. as we ... ext . burlesque lounge - night small crowd outside . 61 . tess ( o.s. ) so I say to the sailor , I may not be as good as I once be ... int . burlesque lounge - night through a transparent scrim , the puccini triplet perform a sexy harem scene in silhouette , casting larger than life shadow -- tess walk behind the scrim playfully , in and out of view . the bumber Band play off to the side . tess but you can bet you sweet ass I be better once than I ever be ... the crowd laugh . tess point to a woman who be not laugh . tess ( cont 'd ) drink up , sister ! you be a tad behind . ( to a waiter , be : woman ) be a dear and bring mommy over there another scotch . the crowd chuckle as the bumper Band kick in and the harem scene evolve into a sexy tongue - in - cheek silhouett dance . int . burlesque lounge - backstage - night tess come off stage . Sean bustles up to she . sean the distributor 's hold back the booze unless we cut he a check . tess ply he with drink , send scarlett over to flirt , and try to finagle he down to a half . sean how 's a third ? he produce a check , all fill - out , for she to sign . tess have I tell you lately that I love you ? sean get any brother ? 62 . he bustles off with the check . scarlett , Coco and nikki approach the stage wear leather , strappy gaultier corset with glove and fishnet -- post-modern germanesque -- nikki be carry a glass of tequila . tess eyeball she -- tess drink already ? nikki yes , mommie . tess you be drunk . nikki no . but I be work on it . nikki totter a little . tess look she over . tess I be pull you from this number . go home , wring yourself out , and come back tomorrow . nikki you can not pull I -- tess spot Ali head for the dress room -- tess Ali ! take nikki 's spot . nikki what ?! that bitch can not dance my part ! tess Ali - - get dress now ! Ali look at nikki -- who glare at she -- ali but , wait -- tess -- that 's always be nikki 's number . tess look at she -- she 's really have it with this girl -- tess but this be my club , and now it 's you number . Ali look between the two of they , nikki glaring at she -- 63. tess ( cont 'd ) be there a problem ? you say you know the whole show . ( challenging her ) you can do anything , right ? tess just look at Ali . nikki stare at tess , livid , then storm off . int . burlesque lounge - same Marcus enter the club and join Vince at a table . a loud drum roll . music up . the stage Ali and the other dancer hit the stage and start in on the vampy " tough lover . " at the bar , Jack be busy mixing drink . he glance at the stage , then double - take on Ali , look crazy gorgeous . she vamp forward with the girl , they rotate sing into the prop mic . jesse ( lip - synching ) well , I want a lover who move I so_ coco ( lip - synching ) who sure know how to rock N roll -- ali ( lip - synching ) I want a tough lover -- int . burlesque lounge - SOUND booth - night dave , the sound guy , look up as nikki come in . nikki tess need you . she say it be urgent . dave I can not leave here now -- nikki Fine , but do not say I do not warn you ... 64 . dave shit , okay -- he check he sound board -- then bolt from the room . nikki watch he go look down onto the stage as ali step to the mic -- ali ( lip - synching ) when he kiss I i'll get a thrill , and when he do that wiggle -- nikki reach out and flip a switch . the SOUND drop out . the playback stop . the girl freeze in awkward pose , unsure of what to do . murmur in the room as the audience look around , confuse . backstage , tess look up at the sound booth , see it 's empty . Dave appear at she side . dave you want to see I ? on stage -- Ali look at flustered tess ... the girl ... the audience . panic . on the floor , nikki watch with satisfaction as she make she way over to Marcus . enjoy the train wreck she cause . then -- in a flash , Ali turn to the audience , and sing a' capella from the top of the song . ali oh--oh--ooooooooooh . she look around . silence . mouth agape . tess approach in the wing -- tess ( to a stage hand ) Close the goddman curtain ! sean hold on ... Ali start to sing again , she version , slow , and sexy ... ali well I want a lover to move I so , who sure know how to rock N roll ... 65 . tess look at Ali , you could knock she over with a feather . Sean look at tess. scarlett look at Coco . Jack stare at the stage . everyone stunne by the sound come out of this girl . and now the song really take off ! suddenly , one of the band boy grab he sax and play . Ali jump in , seamless , as the guy on bass and drum join in . Ali pick up the choreography . the girl fall in with she . ali ( cont 'd ) I want a tough lover , yeah , yeah . I need a tough lover . whooo . I want a tough lover . yeah -yeah . tough lover . uh-ha ... Coco and scarlett chime in on back -up . hear they , jessie and Anna join in as well . Ali take off , hold nothing back . the girl feed off she confidence , and soon all of they be hit the back of they cabaret chair , stomping they foot to the music . the girl sing back -up . in he seat , Marcus sit up a little straighter -- suddenly pay more attention . unable to take he eye off ali. the band play along . the bartender accompany they with hand -clap . all except Jack , who 's too spellbound to move . ali ( cont 'd ) when he kiss I i'll get a thrill and when he do that wiggle , I won ' T keep still ... on the floor , nikki watch , aghast , as the crowd engage like we have never see they . ali / girl I want a tough lover , yeah , yeah . I need a tough lover . whooo . I want a tough lover . yeah -yeah . bartender / girl tough lover . uh-ha ... the girl come alive , finally able to sing a song they have be fake for so long ali the seven sister got nothing on he , I 'm talking about a lover who ' S fast as the wind . ever yone ' ll talk how he's got I fix , it ain't voodoo it's just that twist . ( more ) 66 . ali ( cont 'd ) he'll be the greatest lover ever come to pass , don juan ain't got half a chance . he'll make I laugh and he'll make I cry , he'll be so tough he ' ll make venus come alive . he will do anything that he want to do , step on jessie jame ' blue suede shoe . ali / girl I want a tough lover , yeah , yeah . I need a tough lover . whooo . I want a tough lover . yeah -yeah . bartender / girl tough lover . uh - ha ::! the room erupt in applause , know they catch a once - in- a - lifetime performance . Marcus stand , clap , whistling . Ali bask in it , jubilant , rapturous . she glance to the wing and see Sean , clap and jump in place . then she see tess beside he , stone - face . int . burlesque lounge - backstage - night the Girls exit the stage in a flurry , everyone congratulate Ali -- a whirlwind of hug , kiss . Ali reach tess . ali tess , when the music stop -- tess dave why do not you tell I you I have no idea what happen . could blow like that ? ali ( cont 'd ) I do . tess spot a tattooed band guy in the door . tess do you boy know all the music ? tattooed band guy Hell , yeah . nikki wander in , drink in hand . tess look at they all . plant she hand on she hip . 67 . tess okay , then . tomorrow night , Ali sing lead , everyone else be back - up . question ? Ali can not keep from beam as she shake she head , no ! tess ( cont 'd ) good . the Girls file into the dress room . tess head out , past nikki . nikki " people do not come to hear we sing . " tess no . but they will come to hear she sing . dry out and maybe you can back she up . she leave . nikki scowl . Sean grab ali. sean bitch , you sang that damn song ! he head off to the dress room , too , leave nikki and Ali alone together . they eye meet . nikki one of we have clearly underestimate the other . she toss she glass in the trash and leave Ali alone . int . burlesque lounge - night Ali trot out from backstage , spot Jack behind the bar . she head over to he . before she get there : marcus where would you learn to sing like that ? she turn . Marcus be there . handsome , charming and devious as ever . ali you can not learn to sing like that . 68 . marcus well , you be too good to be sing here . ali I just get into the show and suddenly I be too good for it ? shrug , " but , you be " then -- marcus how about a drink ? ali sure . Jack 's at the bar . tell he I send you . it 's on I . marcus but I hate line . at the bar - Jack look up , sees Ali and Marcus talk . back on marcus who look Ali up and down . marcus ( cont 'd ) seriously . you sound even better than you look . which be say a lot . ali talk about a " line . " she smile , amused , and head away from he , toward the bar . he watch she go . tess intercept ali. tess what do he want ? ali direction to the bar . as Ali head off . tess glance back at Marcus , mistrustful . int . empty burlesque lounge - night after hour . the club be close . Jack , Ali , Coco , Sean and Georgia be sit around the bar as Jack close up . jack you blow I away ! who know you could sing like that ? 69 . coco who know any white chick could sing like that ? you channel that shit . sean how the hell do you do that , girl ? ali I do not know , I can not explain it . it 's like -- I start sing , and something start to move inside I . it 's in my hand , my foot , my gut , my thighs she run she hand over she body as she describe it . Jack watch she -- holy smoke . Sean notice he gaze on she . ali ( cont 'd ) and it just build and build till I feel like I be gonna explode . georgia trust I , I know what that feel like . I have to pee . again . she hop off the stool and scurries to the back . Coco stand , to leave . look at ali. coco wanna grab something to eat ? Ali look back at Coco -- validate . accept . at last . ali yeah . lemme get my bag . Ali move off . Coco go to get she coat . Sean see Jack still watch Ali as she walk across the room . sean well , will you look at that . jack what ? sean you look at that girl the way I look at you all that year . only difference : you actually stand a chance with she . jack I have a fiancee . 70 . sean Three thousand mile away . jack we talk every day . sean let I guess what about : she , she and ...oh ! her. Jack shoot he a glare . sean ( cont 'd ) all I be say be , this one 's beautiful on the inside too . and she will not be on the shelf forever . Ali come back , ready to go . feel they stop talk and look at she . ali what ? sean I be just explain to Jack that even opportunity have a shelf life . Jack grab a trash bag and take it out back . Sean look at Ali more closely . he brushes she hair out of she face . then he hold it off she shoulder and raise that gay eyebrow . - int . salon - day - Ali sit in front of a mirror while Sean give the hairdresser very specific instruction . - int . jack apartment , at he keyboard , Jack play a high - energy style piano which run over a quick sequence : it 's the instrumental music to : " but I 'm a good girl . " - int . burlesque lounge - the burlesque Girls dance on stage , perform a high -energy tap dance , couple with a european slap - dance , with the slapping of each other 's body and face integrate with tapping and music . it 's very cabaret , but modernize with contemporary stepping . carry music : - int . salon - later - the hairdresser spin the chair around . Ali 's she hair be platinum blonde , with bang and a Louise brook bob that frame she face beautifully . her smoky eye pop like never before . Ali study herself : ali where have I be all my life ? 71 . - int . burlesque lounge - night - camera move over the audience , the brass section kick in give the piano a bigger , bawdy , show -stopping boisterous SOUND as Ali appear with she new look . amazing . like Helmut Newton meet carnaby St. circa 1965 . as she begin this high ENERGY song -- Jack be look up from the bar . totally blow away . ali ( cont 'd ) the dress be bohan . the shoe be jourdan . the bag NORTH african , and so be the tan . my address today , faber ST . honere , tomorrow rio , the concorde the way . my ring be bulgari , it make there head twirl , they all say , ' darling , what did you do for that pearl ? ' what ? I am a good girl . new york 54 . creon , cote D ' azur . L. A. polo lounge , for breakfast for sure . paris , LA plaza , or maybe the ritz . in london the playboy , in truth it's the pit . you know I have found , the word ' S gone around . they all say my feet never do touch the ground . what ?. I am a good girl . Ali finish the song to big applause . take she bow . make she way off the stage and across the club to ... jack at the bar - he turn to see Ali . ali ( cont 'd ) hiya , big boy . she spin herself around on a bar stool , so he can see all angle . Jack like plenty . Way too much . ali ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? jack ( flustered ) it 's ... I think - you look ... I mean , yeah ... do you like it ? not the reaction she be look for . ali Jack . it 's okay for you to think I look hot . we be friend for chrissake . it 's not like we be brother and sister . 72 . she roll she eye , get up , and head backstage . Jack watch she go -- jack ( to himself ) no . we certainly be not . int . burlesque lounge - backstage - night the burlesque Girls be prepping for the show . nikki why the hell be everyone have a conniption over she ? she 's just a tacky , pushy girl from a -- Ali -- sexy , sophisticated , gorgeous -- enter . nikki ( cont 'd ) -- fly-over state . Ali pretend she do not hear . she sit at she mirror . the girl stare at she , mouth agape . Ali pick up she mascara wand , look down the mirror at nikki 's reflection . ali ( faux innocent ) what 's a fly-over state ? Ali take a deat stroke of she wand over she lash , then bat they at nikki . nikki walk out . Coco smile with appreciation . whistles long and low . the girl all laugh . int . burlesque lounge - night tess glad -hands guest , then spot Vince , wave at she . she start over , then see Marcus in the booth with Vince . she turn and walk the other way . Vince catch up to she . vince tess -- tess Vince , if I be go to sell , I would have sell to that idiot building that monstrosity across the street . I say no . 73. vince which make Marcus bump he offer up again . it 's obscene , what he want to give we . at least hear he out . int . burlesque lounge - tess's cluttered office - night tess , at she desk , read a contract . Marcus and Vince sit across from she , watch . marcus it 's very simple . I buy you out and pay you a million off the top . ( motion to Vince ) five hundred grand each . tess look up from the contract , squint at Marcus . tess why do you want this club so badly ? marcus best view on the sunset Strip . vince do you know what you could do with that money , tess ? tess do you know what you can do with that money , Vince ? vince be reasonable . we be roll vendor ninety day out . marcus the club 's not even worth what you pay for it . you have get a second mortgage , you can not get a third . tess look at Vince , betrayed . tess do you also tell he about the tattoo on my ass ? vince it 's business , tess . not personal . 74 . tess my business . which I build from the ground up . marcus you be not gonna get another opportunity like this . tess exactly . she look at a photo on she wall : the burlesque Girls , in all they glory . tess ( cont 'd ) which be why I will never let it go . she get up , open the door , ushere they out . Marcus shoot Vince a angry look as they head downstairs . in the stairwell , Vince reassure Marcus : vince do not worry . the balloon payment 's due on the first . she do not have the money . she have to sell . in tess's office , tess stand in the doorway , have hear . then she walk back to she desk and sit , deject . head in she hand . for the first time ever , look worried and defeat . something she would never show anyone . a beat . then : sean well . we have have a pretty good run . she look up . Sean be in the doorway . sean ( cont 'd ) maybe it 's time to just .. .hang it up . let it go . call it a day . tess 's eye go steely with determination . tess no . you can not say that to I . I can eat this " sky be fall " dipshit for breakfast , lunch , and dinner , but not you . you can not be that person . I have scour dirty flea market for costume , stay up all night sewing till my finger ble , paint and repaint every goddamn wall of this place myself . ( more ) 75 . tess ( cont 'd ) I choreograph every step of every number . I have play nursemaid , sister , mother and shrink to every girl who 's ever dance here . I have hock every keepsake I have ever own to keep this place afloat . because this club be the last of it 's kind , and if it go away , one day there will not be anything like it - - and that would be a tragedy . so you can not say that to I . because now someone 's gotta believe in I , goddamnit . and I need that person to be you . so do not you ever let I hear you say that again . I will never let this club go . never . Sean look at she ... a wry smile . sean there she be . think I would lose you for a minute . tess just look at he , and smile . he grab a boa , throw it around he neck and exit . when he 's go , tess 's smile fade . in the club , the place be empty . Jack be wiping down the bar clean up . he start stack some chair in the house as .. sean cross the floor . sean ( cont 'd ) night , Jack . jack night . Sean exit as Jack carry a stack of chair to the side of the room , set they down near the piano . stop , grab a chair for himself and sit down . begins to play a original song . across the room , Ali enter from backstage . her dance bag over she shoulder . she hear the piano , peer around a column , sees Jack play . she stay in the shadow and watch as he sing and play a beautiful song . ( tbd ) the song end . Ali applaud slowly . impress . Jack look up , surprised that she be there . ali beautiful . you write that ? jack just some sentimental crap . ready ? 76 . she smile at he modesty . nod . he cross to she . grab she dance bag and they exit together . int . jack apartment - late afternoon Jack enter , unload he keyboard from he back . he hear Ali in the bedroom . he quietly move over to the ajar bedroom door -- peek in and see : ali , in bra and undy . she hum the song he play the night before in the mirror as she get dress . on jack , watch , mesmerize . his eye travel she body . she move out of view . he lean against the wall to try to keep see she -- and step on the cat . it meow . he flatten against the wall . Ali look up . ali Jack ? Jack zip back to the door , open it quietly , then slam it . jack hey ! just get home ! Ali grab a dress from she bed , slip into it . ali in here ! can you zip I up ? in a nanosecond -- Jack enter the bedroom . ali ( cont 'd ) hey . where you be ? jack rehearsing . I be play a late show tonight . as he zip up the back of she dress , he see the photo propped against the lamp on the bedside table . jack ( cont 'd ) who be that ? she pick up the picture . look at it . ali I and my mom on my 7th birthday . she die just a few week later . 77 . jack she be so young . ali 24 . there be so much she never get to do . sometimes I feel like , if I make the most of my life , part of she will get to live a little more , too . jack wow . you must miss she . she put the photo down . turn back to he . they be close . ali every single day , something happen I want to tell she about . jack what be today 's ? a beat . they eye connect . ali do not know . have not happen yet . they stand there , close to each other . Jack see a strand of hair catch in the earring . he pull it away , freeing it . his finger move through she hair . she close she eye , feel he finger against she neck . then she open she eye , look at he . he look back , unable to look away . until : his cell phone ring . break the mood . he pull it from he pocket . check who 's call . look back at Ali . jack I should ... it 's ... Natalie . Ali step away from he , disappointed . he answer the phone . jack ( cont 'd ) hey , babe , how be you ? Ali watch he walk away from she , fall into the conversation with Natalie . jack ( cont 'd ) yes , she 's still here - what do you want I to do , it 's not like you be here help out , you know ... 78 . Ali grab she bag and jacket , head for the door . music up : a incredibly sexy saxophone which take we to : full close up : ali step into frame , start sing . ali a guy what take he time ... pull back to reveal she 's on stage at the club with the burlesque girl . finger wave and 1920' sexy clothes . ali ( cont 'd ) i'll go for any time . i'm a fast movin ' gal who like they slow . got no use for fancy drivin ' , want to see a guy arrivin ' in low . i'd be satisfied to know a guy what take he time ... the song continue over : - int . jack live room - Ali lie on she stomach on the floor peruse a fashion Magazine . across the room , Jack sit on the couch , playing he keyboard --underscoring the song . he look at ali. watch she . without look up , she take a pencil , gather she hair , and put it up expertly . a few strand fall back onto she neck . sexy . Ali feel he stare . look up at he . smile . he smile back . she go back to she magazine . on jack . love that she 's there . - int . burlesque lounge - dressing room - Ali , the Girls and Sean get ready . Georgia burst into the room , show off a engagement ring . everyone jump up , congratulate she . - int . burlesque stage - the girl and Ali vamp , sing : ali ( cont 'd ) a guy what take he time , i'd go for anytime . a hasty job really spoil a master' touch ... at the bar , Jack watch as he pour drink . - ext . STREET . afternoon - Ali on the back of Jack 's motorcycle , put she arm around he waist . Jack revs the engine . weaving through traffic on the Strip . the wind in they hair . her scarf tear away , lift into the air ... - int . burlesque stage - Ali and burlesque girl continue ... 79 . ali ( cont 'd ) I don't like a big commotion , I 'm a demon for slow motion or such . why should I deny , that I would die , to know a guy what take he time ... - int . jack live room - Ali , Sean , tess , scarlett , Anna , Georgia , damon ( she fiance ) , hang out in the live room , decorate with party gear . the light dim and Jack and Coco enter with a birthday cake . they set it in front of ali. Ali look around at she friend , drink it in . she lock eye with Jack -- then close she eye and blows . - int . burlesque stage - Ali , still sing she song . ali ( cont 'd ) I can spot a amateur , appreciate a connoisseur in he trade , who would qualify , no alibi , to be the guy , who take he time ... pull back to reveal a packed house . the audience go nut . Marcus be at he table , clap , whistling , she biggest fan . int . burlesque lounge - at the bar - later Ali walk up to the bar . ali hey -- when can you cut out ? I be about to fall asleep stand up . jack I have that gig , remember ? in fact , I gotta head out or I be gonna be late . ( check he watch ) I can maybe swing you home before . ali no , that 's okay , you go . I will grab a ride with Coco . he grab he jacket from under the bar . as he head out : jack by the way -- you kill . ali ( look at he , smile ) thanks . 80 . he disappear out the back exit . Ali turn around and find herself face to face with Marcus . marcus you ready ? ali for what ? marcus I will drop you off . ( beat ) Coco leave five minute ago . she realize he be listen to she conversation . ali Excuse I ? marcus sorry -- I be come to talk to you and catch the end of you conversation . ali ( put on she coat reach for she bag ) talk to I about ...? marcus dinner . with I . gimmie that . he swoops down and grab she dance bag and purse , turn and head out . marcus ( cont 'd ) ( walking away ) if you ever expect to see this bag alive again ... you will come with I . ali hey ...! come back here ...! int . marcus' bentley - night on Ali , look out the window with she arm cross . widen to reveal , she 's in car with Marcus , zipping along sunset . ali where be you take I ? 81 . marcus I tell you -- to dinner . ali dinner ? what about nikki -- what 's up with you and nikki ? marcus we be friend . ali where I be from friend do not chew each other 's earlobe . marcus be not you glad you leave ? ( then , remember ) oh , damn ! ali what ? marcus I just remember I have to make a quick appearance at a party . ali you just remember . marcus it 's on the way . we will be quick . ten minute , top . do you mind ? ali and if I do . marcus then you have be kidnap . he turn off sunset and head up into the hill . ext . modern house - hollywood hill - night sprawl 60 's modern . wall of glass . jetliner view . valet run around out front . int . modern house - hollywood hill - night fabulous party underway . pack with glitterati . Music blare , caterer weave through the hip crowd . Marcus lead Ali in and guide she through the crowd . 82. ali wow . Nice house . party guest hey , Marcus -- marcus hey , how you do ? he shake the guy 's hand and move on through the party . someone else call out to he . another guest Marcus ! marcus hey , let I get a drink , I will be back -- Marcus pull Ali in the opposite direction , avoid another group try to greet he . he grab two wine glass off a tray , give one to Ali , then push through a door into : int . modern house - kitchen - night bustle , food and booze everywhere . Marcus spot several trays of hor d'oeuvre . he pick up two of they . ali Marcus -- you can not just take that . marcus shhh -- he hand she one tray , stick a bottle of wine in one pocket , throw a opener in another . ali they be gonna throw we out of here . marcus not if we sneak out first , come on . he kick open a back door . ext . modern house - back yard - night a sky full of star , hover over a expansive back yard . Music from the party drift out . Marcus look around , up -- 83. marcus up there . he start up some step to a outdoor gazebo . Ali follow . they pass a incredibly well-dressed couple come down . guy hey , Marcus -- marcus hey , guy . greg , marla , this be ali. they exchange hellos . Ali notice : ali ooh . killer shoe . marla be not they ? louboutin . greg ( to marcus ) great party , as always . marcus glad you could come . Ali stare at Marcus . he smile , take she hand , keep lead she up the stair . al I you have to make a appearance at you own party ? marcus would have be rude not to , right ? you would like that guy . greg 's the entertainment editor at the Times , and marla 's a designer . Ali glance back at marla again , lock in on she shoe . al I I be gonna dream about that shoe . marcus thousand dollar a pop . al I Jesus . who can afford that ? 84 . marcus I can . ali hey , I see they first . he laugh as they reach the top of the stair and a breathtaking panoramic view of the entire CITY be reveal . Ali pause , take in the glitter , massive view of L.A. ali ( cont 'd ) whoa . L.A. look one hell of a lot prettier from up here . marcus it should . that view cost I three time what the house do . ( pointing ) see that strip mall down there ? ali you own that too ? marcus no . I own everything above it . ali there be nothing above it . marcus exactly . ali you own ... air ? marcus Air rights . the guy who own the strip mall be have money issue and almost have to sell . whoever he sell to would have put in a huge tower . so I buy the air rights . now no one can ever build above one story . ali be not you the sly puss . marcus mall guy get to keep he property . I get to keep the second best view in L.A. 85 . ali what 's the first ? he gaze at she . she roll she eye . ali ( cont 'd ) how many girl have you use that on ? marcus none who ever call I on it . he smile . look at she . then ... marcus ( cont 'd ) what do you want , Ali ? in life . girl like you , give up everything , get on a bus head for total uncertainty -- she 's get a dream . I want to know what it be . ali why ? marcus because you be talented enough to get whatever you want . and I be smart enough to help make it happen . so ? what do you want ? a beat . she think about it . look he in the eye . ali I want to be the best singer I can be . I want to give as much joy as I get when I perform . and I want to die know I make the most of every opportunity life give I . marcus that 's ... so beautiful . al I there be not a dry eye in the house when I say it at the grundy County junior miss talent show . his eye narrow . marcus why do you woman always take advantage of nice boy ? 86 . ali oh , please . you be so not a nice boy . he clink she glass . smile at she . devilish and sexy . int . marcus' house - wee hour - night Party 's over . light low . Ali walk through the almost - empty house , pass a couple make out on a couch , a guy who hold out a joint . she motion " no thanks " , head into the : live room , where Marcus be asleep on a bertolli chair , drink in hand . a older guy be play the piano quietly . Ali take the drink from Marcus 's hand , set it on the table . she hear the pianist start a new song : ( tbd ) . she smile . go over to he . ali ooh , I love this song . the piano player scoot to make room . she sit beside he . he start hum along . she do too . then he sing a line . she sing one back . and they fall in together . not vamp , not perform . just feel the beauty of the music in the middle of the night . int . jack apartment - night - carry music Jack quietly let himself in . he set he keyboard down , then see the bedroom door crack , the light on . jack Ali ? he look in . empty . he check the clock : 4:45 . he hear a " meow " , and see the cat . he pick it up , turn out the light , and leave the room . int . burlesque lounge - backstage - night Sean , Coco , nikki , jesse , and the rest of the girl in early stage of get ready . Ali enter . coco someone have a package ! Ali see a gift BOX at she station . she read the card : " you see they first . " she open the box and see the louboutin . 87 . jesse ooh . faboo. nikki pick one up -- check they authenticity . nikki who 's the sucker ? all eye turn to Ali . she 's save by tess enter . tess coco-puff , shake a leg , you be on in five , georgie - girl , ali- cat -- move , move , move -- tess exit . ali ahh. my nanna use to call I she ali-cat . sean yet another fascinating story . nikki why do not tess have a nickname for I ? coco oh , she do . a know look amongst the girl . nikki she never use it . sean sure she do . nikki when ? sean just after you leave the room . nikki give he the finger and walk out . a beat . then : girl together coke-whore . they crack up . cue music : " strange thing happening " 88. int . burlesque lounge - on stage - night Ali and the burlesque Girls vamp forward and perform " strange thing happening " , a decadent , rockin ' dance / sing number . scantily - clad girl pose and dance on chair with image project onto they -- a rock fantasy with burlesque move ( like Bob fosse 's " all that Jazz " ) ali well I stay out late at night . I don't treat my baby right . there be strange thing happening every day ... music continue over : - int . jack apartment - Jack , play he keyboard . Ali come in , wear the louboutin . jack you be out late last night . ali I get a ride home with that guy -- Marcus - - we go to a party . it be fun . jack Marcus the asshole ? ali yeah . turn out he 's not so bad . she head past he , toward the kitchen . he notice : jack New shoe ? - int . burlesque lounge - on stage - night Ali , sing . Marcus in the audience , watch she . ali the love that you refuse , some other guy can use , strange thing be happening every day ... - int . burlesque lounge - night Ali perform . Marcus watch from he table . with he be greg ( from the party ) . Jack watch from the bar . 89 . ali ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ooh every day ... all the bartender sing , except Jack , who keep he eye on Marcus . bartender every day ! ali every day . ' there ' S strange thing happening every day ... - int . jack apartment - day Ali get dress to go out . she 's wear the louboutin , crossing back and forth in front of Jack , who 's on the sofa . jack there 's only one reason a man busy a woman shoe , you know . ali so what if I be get a little male attention . jack you get a lot more than a little . ali not from anyone who matter . jack ( clearly irritate ) I just think that you should be careful . Ali stop in front of he . hand on she hip . al I and I just think that -- if you really feel the need to tell a girl what she should and should not do , you should pick up the phone and call you fiancee . - int . burlesque lounge - night Ali continue to sing . ali ( cont 'd ) well , i'd never miss my water , until my well run dry ... 90 . at there table , greg lean into Marcus and whisper something , impressed . Marcus nod back : " told you . " ali ( cont 'd ) strange thing happening every day . - ext . hollywood hill - night Marcus drive Ali up the windy road , into the hill . they be talk animatedly . ali ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) . they won 't be satisfied , ' til they see teardrop in my eye ... - int . jack apartment - night Jack stare at a note : " Jack : go out , see you tom 'w . - a " ali ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) strange thing be happening every day . - int . burlesque stage - night Ali move in sync with the Girls . tess watch from the wing , pleased . ali ( cont 'd ) strange thing be happening every day , ooh every day ! bartender every day ! ali every day . there ' S strange thing happening every day ... - int . fabulous party - night Marcus lead Ali through a party , introduce she to everyone , make sure she know people and be know by they . ali ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) well you thought I be a fool , but I got news for you ... strange thing be happening every day . - int . burlesque lounge - night nikki watch from the wing , seethe , as Marcus delight in Ali 's performance . 91 . ali ( cont 'd ) I think I found someone new ... - int . jack apartment - night wee hour . Ali come in , shut the door as quietly as she can , then tiptoe past Jack , asleep on the couch . ali ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) and I think it's through with you ... after she pass ... Jack 's eye open . - int . burlesque lounge - night Ali , own the stage and the room . ali ( cont 'd ) strange thing be happening every day ... yeaaaaahhh : strange thing be happening !! happening .1 the song end in a flourish . there 's a camera flash ! freeze frame on the image : ali , belting onstage , with the burlesque Girls strike a pose behind she . widen to see it 's a photo on the front page of the L.A. time calendar section . the headline : " burlesque have a voice : " . int . jack apartment - morning Jack , sleepy , in boxer , stare at the newspaper , bewilder . jack hey . have you see this ? ali what ? Ali wander out of the bathroom , brush she tooth . he show she the paper . she scream . int . burlesque lounge - backstage - afternoon the burlesque Girls ( minus Ali ) crowd around the paper . nikki that 's bullshit . 92 . scarlett no . that 's major . nikki ( point to photo ) look again . the only thing major be the size of you ass . nikki walk off -- scarlett pick up the paper , look closer -- Ali enter , dance bag over she shoulder , run late . the burlesque Girls and Sean all applaud ( except nikki ) Ali smile . embarrass . she curtsy sarcastically . Coco point to a bouquet of rose at Ali 's station . coco from monsieur louboutin , I presume . Ali read the card : " to the best view in l.a . - m " . Sean shove she down in she seat , pull she coat off . sean shake you tail , alicat , you still get a show to do . ext . the burlesque lounge - night a packed line of chatter hipster snake down the block . music up : " jungle FEVER " by the chakachas . ( revamped berlin music ) int . burlesque lounge - on stage - night daredevils missy and kitten deville , in stripe stocking , corset , and ton of cleavage , swing on a trapeze over the audience . play the comedy , grab each other in all the right place . classic burlesque , unusually bawdy . equally suggestive , funny , and skillful . tess , all dolled - up , weave through the table , greeting , welcoming , reveling in the crowd . find Ali as she stride over to Marcus 's booth . he stand , hand she a glass of champagne . marcus to the girl of the hour . 93. ali I be start to think you will go to any length . marcus ( innocently ) I just make a call to greg at the Times . ali well -- I appreciate the kudo . ( be : crowded room ) and tess appreciate the business . marcus this have nothing to do with tess . this be about you . and I . ali you be so full of it . he laugh -- take she arm -- marcus I have get another friend I want you to meet . she see harold saint sit in the booth . he 's in he 60' , still dress like Robert Evans in he heyday . marcus ( cont 'd ) Ali Rose , harold Saint . ali ( shocked ) harold Saint ? shut up . you work with etta James . harold her , she chew I up and spat I out , that one . but with she voice , I forgive she everything . ( then ) you get a set of pipe on you , too , little girl . I like you sound . ali thank you . ( smile ) I like yours . harold you ever record ? 94 . ali not yet . harold we should do something about that . he stand . turn to Marcus . harold ( cont 'd ) see you round , kiddo . he point he finger , gun -style , which would seem cheesy , but he 's old school , so instead it 's weirdly cool . he leave . ali Holy shit . harold Saint . at the bar , Jack watch Ali and Marcus talk excitedly . not like what he see . Sean breeze by , grab a drink . sean you snooze , you lose , pretty boy . int . burlesque lounge - backstage - night Sean grip the drink in he tooth as he bustles through the backstage , gather costume . he pass tess go the other way . tess can you believe this crowd ? he dump the costume in she arm . sean ' bout time . this poor baby be begging for you glue- gun . tess walk off with the armful of clothes , so happy , hum to herself , pass she office -- open the door to see -- vince be sit at she desk . he flinch at the sight of she - tess can you believe the crowd out there ? never think I would see - she stop in she track , spot Vince 's pant on the floor , and a trail of women' clothes to ... the new cocktail waitress , peer out , half - dress , from behind the curtain -- 95 . tess ( cont 'd ) ( disgust ) in my god damn office ? she shake she head -- grab her purse -- and walk out . ext . burlesque lounge - parking lot - night tess , piss off , carry the damage costume out to she car . nikki be behind she , follow she out . nikki tess . we need to talk . tess roll she eye , do not slow . tess not now , nikki . nikki yes , now . I have be here since the beginning . we build this club together . and then some girl show up out of nowhere -- who have not even pay she due -- tess I will get she to write a check tomorrow . nikki and suddenly it 's she show ? tess no , it 's not she show . it 's my show . but people want to hear she sing . she 's bring they in off the street . you better believe I be building a show around she ! nikki I can sing too ! and you know it . but you do not give a shit . you always say this be a dance troupe , now suddenly it 's not ? tess nikki -- 96 . nikki and you expect I to dance behind a girl who strut in with a new pair of shoe she get for sleep with Marcus gerber ? tess ( unlock she car ) nikki , you be waste . go home . nikki I will not be upstage by some slut with mutant lung ! tess hurl the costume in the trunk of she car , furious . tess so do not be ! leave ! if you do not want to be a part of what 's happen here , then I do not want you around . nikki ( aghasst ) you would destroy we friendship and break up the group over some girl you barely know ? tess since when do you care about friendship ? or this group ? you be a trainwreck , nikki ! you put tequila on you breakfast cereal ! I be struggle to survive here , and you show up too drunk to dance ! you call that loyalty ? nikki just look at she -- nikki okay , then . I quit ! nikki stomp off . tess sigh -- tess nikki -- wait -- nikki Marcus say you be lose the club anyway ! ( mocking her ) " they do not come to hear we sing " ( more ) 97 . nikki ( cont 'd ) ( sotto ) stupid bitch . nikki flip she off and keep walk . then turn once more : nikki ( cont 'd ) by the way : I sleep with Vince the day after you honeymoon . tess 's eye narrow . she grab a high - heeled pump and hurl it . it fly through the air and hit nikki in the back of the head . nikki scream , whip around , incredulous , to see : tess , run right at she . nikki bolt , head for she car . she jump in , lock the door just as tess smashes she fist on the window and kick the door . nikki start the car . nikki ( cont 'd ) you crazy bitch ! nikki screech off , leave tess alone in the parking lot . tess stand there a moment , then head back into the club . int . burlesque lounge - night the club be totally empty . everyone be go . tess enter , grab she bag as she spot a cabaret chair lie on it 's side on stage . she cross onto the stage . pick up the chair as ... dave ( o.s. ) night , tess . tess look up , Dave be close up the sound booth . tess night , Dave . Dave flip a big lever , and almost all the light go out , leave one shaft of light across the stage . we hear Dave leave , as the street door close shut . tess alone on stage . begin tess solo song number . to be written . int . jack apartment - night Ali enter quietly , all dress up . she slip off she heel and tiptoe to the bedroom . she slowly open the bedroom door , then stop when she see : 98 . jack , asleep in the bed . Ali look at he , then look at the couch . empty . she close the door , fluff the pillow , lie down on the couch , and pull the blanket up over she . she lie in the darkness . push through the wall to see Jack , lie awake in the bed , the cat on he lap . ext . los angele - wide panorama - morning the SOUND of a coffee grinder int . jack apartment - morning close on Ali , sleep on the sofa -- abruptly wake to the deafen grind of coffee . she get up , drag herself to the kitchen . see Jack , grind the coffee way longer than be necessary . ali you really need to do that at 6 in the morning ? he turn , see she . jack Little overdress for breakfast . ali my pajamas be in my bedroom . which be occupy . jack well , you be never here so ... it 's stupid for I to crash on the couch every night when there 's a perfectly good empty bed . Jack grind the coffee bean again . Ali wince . ali so -- you want the bedroom back ? be that what you be say ? jack the bed should be use by someone . ali hey , I be home every night . maybe not when you think I should be , but last I check , you be my roommate , not my mother . ( more ) 99 ali ( cont 'd ) however , since it 's a issue , what the hell , take the bed , I will sleep on the sofa . I do not care . jack Fine . ali Fine . jack you will have to move all you shit . ali I realize that . jack Cause the room 's a total mess -- ali I will move my stuff , God -- jack clothes , make - up , shoe , hair thing . ali Jesus , Jack , what be you problem ? ever since I start hang out with Marcus , you have be act like a class - a prick . be there something you want to say ? jack what ? no . what do I care ? you be ambitious , he can make thing happen , go ahead , make a deal with the devil , what 's it to I ? ali first of all : he 's not the devil . he 's a smart businessman . and oddly enough -- a gentleman . ( jack scoff ) second : I be gonna take the couch , and you be gonna 86 the attitude . or I be find another place to live . she storm out of the kitchen , trip over the cat -- a loud meow ! as the cat scurries away , Jack intercept he -- jack and try not to kill the cat ! 100 . a slam of the bedroom door . music up : instrumental to " baby it's you by the shirelle . ext . sunset tower HOTEL - night - carry music close on : a diamond ring as it 's place on the hand of a very pregnant georgia . wearing a adorable mini-skirt maternity wedding dress . she look at damon with devotion . Ali , tess , Coco , Sean and Jack , all watch the ceremony . Ali look over at Jack . he look at she , then away . ext . sunset tower HOTEL - night - carry music the reception be underway . guest be drink , dance with the iconic backdrop of Hollywood behind they . Ali , Sean , Coco and tess stand together drink , overlook the city . across the terrace , Jack be talk on he cell phone . jack what do you mean , you be still in New York ? ... so you just -- decide not to come ? you think you might have want to , I do not know , let I know ??? we have not see each other in six month . across the terrace , Ali see Jack yell into he phone . Sean see she watch . back on jack jack ( cont 'd ) . why do every conversation we have end up be about you future ... Jack look across the terrace at Ali . moonlight on she shoulder . a breeze in she hair . jack ( cont 'd ) . you know what , you be right . we both should be think about we future . and I might just be look at mine right now . break a leg baby . Jack hang up with finality and march toward the bar -- his cell phone immediately ring again . 101 he see it 's Natalie , send it to voicemail , and shut off he phone . as he pass Sean and Coco -- jack ( cont 'd ) I guess Natalie 's not come after all . sean oh , please , that girl ? show up at a party where she 's not the center of attention ? at the bar - later - Jack drain one drink and order another , get very drunk . Ali sidle up to the bar . ali ( to bartender ) shot of patron . Jack raise he brow . Ali drink the shot , and without look at he -- ali ( cont 'd ) lookin ' kinda lonely . jack ( boozey ) no . not lonely . liberate , yes . libated , absolutely . but never lonely . cheer , baby -- he raise he glass -- she roll she eye , walk off -- he follow she , playfully pushing she from behind . ali hey -- what be we , in junior high ? jack you still mad at I , Iowa ? c'mon . bring it on . she start to say something as -- the shirelle start to sing " baby it's you " -- Jack turn to the dj , point both finger at he and yell : jack ( cont 'd ) I love this song , man !!! everyone stare at the drunk guy . Ali roll she eye and walk off -- Jack swing she around , pulling she close -- she just look at he . start to laugh at how drunk he be -- Jack wrap she in he arm and start to sing quietly in she ear . 102 . jack ( cont 'd ) . many many many night go by , I sit alone , at home and cry , over you ... ali well , you be quite the crooner . he look she in the eye . jack I be sorry for be a class a prick . Ali smile , surprised at he candor . he breathes a sigh of relief . jack ( cont 'd ) and as of about ... ( bleary look at he watch , can't focus ) . some time ago , I be officially a single man . ali you and Natalie split up ? jack that we do . so . that explain what I be do here all alone . what be you do here all alone ? ali do I look alone to you ? they share a look . then he spin she around in he arm . she laugh . at the bar , tipsy Sean and Coco stand side - by-side . Coco be watch the dj spin . the dj glance down at they . coco that dj 's hot . sean you think ? coco he keep look at I . Coco smile up at he , flirty . the dj smile back . 103 . coco ( cont 'd ) hmmm ... I think he 's cuckoo for Coco - puff . they look at each other , then crack up like giggle schoolgirls . ext . jack apartment - night close on : a key try to go into a lock . then it disappear from view . we hear it clank to the ground . then giggle . ali ( o.c. ) whoopsie daisy -- pull back to find Jack and Ali , drunk , stare at the key on the ground . jack whoopsie daisy ? ali my nanna use to say that all the time . that and upsie jumpsie . jack upsie jumpsie ? ( run it together ) upsie jumpsie , whoopsie daisy , upsie jumpsie , whoopsie daisy , upsie jumpsie -- ( abruptly stop ) when would she say that ? ali when she want she dog to get on the bed with she . that be -- ( drunken whisper ) when she be alive . they eye meet . a connection . then , stare into she eye : jack ( try to be serious ) the dog , or nanna ? Ali burst out laugh . so do Jack , as he push the door open , and they fall into the apartment . 104 . int . jack apartment - night Jack and Ali stumble in , Jack knock the lamp over try to turn on the light . it break . Ali giggle as she plop down on the couch , struggle to take off she leather boot . no luck . she hold she leg out . ali help I . Jack get the lamp to stand , then grab one of Ali 's boot , slide it off , dump it . then he try the second -- it stick -- he pull harder -- the boot pop off and he careen backwards , crash into the lamp , knock it over again . Ali crack up . he turn to the lamp . jack ( like to a dog ) stay . he turn back to Ali , regains composure , bow jack ( cont 'd ) good night . he back away , into the bedroom . Ali look confuse . ali oh. okay . ( beat ) good night . Jack disappear into the bedroom and close the door . Ali stare at it , surprised . then resign . oh , well . she undoe she bra , thread it through she top and out the arm . then Jack 's door open . he stand in the doorway in match " rudolph the red-nose reindeer " pajamas , lean against the doorframe like Hugh hefner in he finest silk smoking jacket . ali ( cont 'd ) cute jammy . jack a gift from my mother . never wear they . ali go figure . Jack walk past Ali , toward the door . 105 . jack forget to lock up . ( he doe ) okay . night . ali night again . he walk back into the bedroom and once gain shut the door . Ali smile to herself , plump she pillow . the door fly open again -- Jack 's there in just the pants , no top . jack Water . no hangover . he stumble past Ali to the kitchen , drink from the tap . after a moment he return to the bedroom , nodd to ali. jack ( cont 'd ) night . Ali just nod . he close the door . Ali smile , wait . after a beat , the door open again . Jack be there , in boxer . jack ( cont 'd ) hungry . he walk past she to the kitchen , open a box of cereal , pour it into he mouth . grab some milk from the fridge , pour it into he mouth , too . returns to the bedroom , crunching . he close the door . then -- very quickly -- he open it again and walk out . jack ( cont 'd ) I know I forget something else , but I just can not remember what ... ( to himself ) door lock , water , food ... he wander out into the room , past Ali , and we see from behind he be butt - ass naked . she crack up . jack ( cont 'd ) what 's so funny ? she cover she face . he glance down . jack ( cont 'd ) well I never ! he stride back to the bedroom , shutting the door . after a moment , he come back out dress in a old , flower bathrobe and fur-line orange hunt cap . 106 . jack ( cont 'd ) I remember what I forget to do . ali what ? jack ( serious ) kiss you goodnight . he cross to she , take she in he arm , and kiss she . she kiss back , make up for all they lose time . music up : " prisoner " a big , soulful ballad . pan off they to : int . burlesque lounge - on stage - night Ali step into frame on stage , sing : ali I ' ll never be lonely . i'll never lose you . I will never be blue or be all alone . just don't ever leave I . so my heart won't grieve I . and our good lovin won't end in vain ... carry music as camera pan up off ali and drift back down to : jack apartment - day Jack and Ali in bed , in post-coital bliss . ali ( cont 'd ) well , it 's official . jack what ? ali you be definitely not gay . he smile at she , drunk with lust . camera pan up and off of they ... then drift back down to : the club - night Ali on stage , light blast . 107 . ali ( cont 'd ) oh you love . have got I in captivity -- yeah . you'll never leave I , and I ' ll tell you why -- yeah . in other word , in other word , listen , this be forever baby I will never have to hear you say goodbye ... camera pan up off ali and drift back down to : jack apartment - day Ali and Jack in bed , in different position , wrap in sheet . Jack trace the outline of she lip with he finger . jack I have be want to do this since you first walk in the club . she cock a eyebrow at he . ali sure get a funny way of show it . he smile at she . jack I will show you a even funnier way -- you ready ? he disappear under the sheet . she squeal , start laugh hysterically . camera pan up and off of they then drift back down to : burlesque lounge - night Ali , on stage , belting : ali we're just prisoner . of our good lovin . we're just slave , bound in chain . no , no , I don ' T want to ever be free , so don't ever leave I . and our good lovin , won't end in vain ... camera pan up off ali and drift back down to : jack apartment - day 108 . Jack in bed , sit against the headboard , wear only a hat . Ali 's leg in the foreground , a la the Graduate , as she pull on one fishnet stock . Jack watch , mesmerize . ali ( cont 'd ) so , what about Natalie ...? jack Natalie who ? Ali smile . roll the stock up over she shapely thigh , then slowly take it off . look at Jack . he strike he chest , strike by cupid -- jack ( cont 'd ) do it again . she giggle , repeat the sexy act for he . camera pan up and off of they ... then drift back down to : the burlesque lounge - night Ali on stage , the big finish : ali oh you love . have got I in captivity -- yeah . you'll never leave I , and I ' ll tell you why -- yeah . in other word , in other word , listen , this be forever baby I will never have to hear you say goodbye .. . yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . we're just prisoner , we're just prisoner , of our good lovin , of our good lovin , we ' re just slave , we're just slave bound in chain , bound in chain ! int . jack apartment - bedroom - morning Jack and Ali , twisted up in the sheet , they respective eyeliner smear . Ali 's platinum bob stick up in all direction . half of a fake eyelash stick on she cheek . ext . jack apartment - the front door - day close on the lock as a key be insert . the door open . 109 . int . jack apartment - day a pair of women' heel enter the apartment and pick they way over last night 's discard clothes and head for : int . jack apartment - bedroom - day where Jack and Ali be sleep , entwine . the heel stop at the base of the bed . a beat . then , enraged : natalie I know it ! Jack bolt up in bed . stare . jack Natalie ! Ali blink awake . confused . ali Natalie ? Jack scramble for something to put on . natalie you be a liar . you be a sneaky , pathetic li - ar ! ali ( quiet , to Jack ) what 's she do here : jack I do not know ! natalie I live here , you bleach out tramp , what the hell be you do here ?!! ali ( to jack ) you be engage to this woman ? jack ( find he boxer ) nat , can we talk about this in the live room -- 110 . natalie I can not believe I buy you bullshit : " it 's nothing , she 's just this chick from work , she 's nothing . " ( to ali ) that 's what he call you . " nothing . she 's not even pretty . ( size Ali up ) well , at least you be honest about one thing -- ali jack you say that ? no , I do not -- natalie ( cont 'd ) jack he most certainly do ! nat -- shut the fu-- ali natalie Jack ?!? do not even say he name ! as Ali grab for a shirt -- jack listen , Ali - - let I just -- would you mind -- ali what ?!? jack give we a little privacy ? al I ( offended ) you want I to leave ? natalie yes you ! I be the fiancee . you be a booty call . you go . jack Natalie , Jesus , stop it ! Ali grab some pants from the floor , pull they on . ali Fine , I be out of here -- ( seethe to Jack ) you say you split up ! natalie in one phone call ? please , you do not dump a girl like I on the phone . jack both of you -- stop it ! as Ali quickly grab a few thing -- jack ( cont 'd ) Ali -- I be really sorry -- I -- ali so be i. she gather up more thing , really piss -- jack wait - - do you need money for a Motel or ... Ali stifles he with a incredulous glare -- can not believe how this be go down . she look at he , so incredibly hurt . grab she suitcase and brushes past he , stuff she belonging into it . Jack go after she -- jack ( cont 'd ) Ali , wait a second -- do not -- ( as the door slam ) -- go. ( beat ) shit . Jack look at Natalie . she fold she arm . ext . sean's apartment - morning Ali knock on a door , suitcase in hand . a beat . then a good - look guy , who 's obviously just wake up , answer with a blanket wrap around he . he be the dj from the wedding . ali oh. I be sorry . I think I have the wrong apartment . I be look for Sean ? ( off he blank look ) Brown hair ? 5'10n ? early 30' ? dj oh , Sean ! I think he say John . he 's asleep . come in . 112 . the dj shuffles inside . Ali follow as he lead she to the bedroom . he point to Sean in the bed . dj ( cont 'd ) that he ? Ali nod . Sean 's eye pop open , confuse to see she . sean what be you do here ? ali Long story . Sean notice the guy in the blanket . sean Ali , this be Mike . dj Mark . sean Mark ??? ( then ) oh. anyone want coffee ? ali I will make it . you two get acquainted . int . sean's kitchen - day Ali make coffee , look out the window at Hollywood . her phone ring . she answer right away , think it 's Jack . ali hey -- marcus ( over phone ) hey gorgeous . ali oh. Marcus . MARK ( wandering in ) be the coffee ready ? marcus ( over phone ) who 's that ? 113. ali Mark . or Mike . jury 's still out . marcus ( over phone ) should I be jealous ? ali only if you have you eye on Sean . marcus ( over phone ) you okay ? you sound down . ali mmm . maybe a little . marcus ( over phone ) I know just the cure . ali what 's that ? marcus ( over phone ) me. but you turn I down . she think for a moment . then : ali have not you hear ? no be the new yes . int . burlesque lounge - on stage a curtain lift revealing a black box , five girl from behind seem to be float in blackness , they curve illuminate . they begin to move to the music ( think wabash blue , crazy horse SALOON ) the group turn toward we -- ali what do you know , how do you do , I like the way you look at I with that eye , confidently wise ... ext . jack apartment - day another slamming door . natalie' heel storm away from the apartment . carry she bag , really pissed , she kick a big , fat rise blossom off a bush , and continue on . intercut with the spotlit stage 114 . the girl continue the number . Post modern gaultier bondage cage on top , bowler hat and black short . a humongous moon hang at the back of the theatre , the black stage awash in golden light . ali pleasure i'm sure , I ' ve met you before , but maybe not here , maybe it be , some other time . this ain 't no kind of place for you , you better move along ... I met a good ole ' boy who can . 00000 , don ' T follow I down . it be a ruse ... ext . sean's apartment - day - carry music Marcus be wait in he bentley . Ali get in . Marcus look at she . she force a smile . the bentley round the corner as we hold and see jack motorcycle thunder up . he get off , run to the building . ext . sean's apartment - stairwell - day Sean and Mark exchange awkward good - by . sean well . bye . MARK you ... take care . Sean . Mark turn , head down the stair as Jack rush up , call : jack be Ali here ? MARK just leave . Mark continue down . Jack whip around , look at he , then up at Sean , who nod . jack where would she go ? sean with Marcus . jack what ? 115 . sean I tell you , opportunity do not knock forever . Jack burn , frustrated , then head slowly down the stair . Sean shake he head and turn to go back inside . then pause , notice : Mark , look up at Sean 's apartment , hesitate . then he open he car to get in . Sean stand there , realize he 's do the same thing . he step onto the stairwell . call out : sean ( cont 'd ) hey ! you ! MARK ( look up ) it 's Mark . sean Mark . you wanna have breakfast ? off Mark 's smile : int . marcus' house - afternoon Ali follow Marcus through the kitchen , to the fridge . marcus my mother always say there 's only one thing to do when you be feel blue ... he open the fridge and pull out a bottle of champagne . ali she be a poet . marcus and a drunk . Ali smile . Marcus pop the cork , fill two glass , hand she one . clink . marcus ( cont 'd ) to you new place . ali what new place ? 116 . int . marcus' house - guest house - day a lavish , 1000 - square - foot guest house . Marcus usher Ali in . marcus all yours . ( off she look ) unpack . move in . ali Marcus , I can not just -- marcus sure you can . Marcus plop she suitcase on the bed . marcus ( cont 'd ) unpack . you be home . ali it 's not even on the bus route . marcus okay , that be the first and last time the term " bus route " will be speak in this house . ( motion out window ) four car . which do you want ? ext . marcus' gazebo - sunset Ali lie on a chaise overlook the panoramic view of L.A. against a fiery red sky . Marcus come out of the house , with a bottle of wine . cross and sit next to she on the chaise . Marcus refill they wine glass . a empty bottle already there . she sip as she lean back and relax . marcus better ? ali ( smile ) better . she look out at a giant billboard at eye level . marcus you be gonna be on one of that someday . 117 . ali yeah , right . marcus sooner than you think , too . harold Saint call I today . you make quite a impression on he . ali really ? what would he say ? marcus he want to make a demo with you . ali be you serious ? when ?? marcus he find a little studio time on Tuesday . ali this Tuesday ? marcus too soon ? ali no ! oh my god , no , that 's amazing . you be amazing . marcus I like make you happy . you whole face light up . they eye meet . he push some hair out of she face . ali I think you be way too nice to I . marcus and that 's a problem because ... ali I have have a lot to drink . and my judgment be off . he touch she face , they chemistry palpable . marcus hey , I be a gentleman . which mean I would never kiss a lady when she 's ... vulnerable . 118. she look at he . ali liar . she lean in and impulsively pull he into a kiss . int . jack apartment - day Jack , alone now , collect the clothes Ali leave behind . he reach under the couch and see the photo of Ali and she mother . he pick it up , smooth out the crack . traces 7 - year - old Ali 's face with he fingertip . int . marcus' house - guest house - day Ali lie in a tangle of 1000 - thread - count sheet . her eye blink open . she sit up alone , get she bearing . ali where be I ? she see a Warhol - esque print of marcus on the wall . she raise she brow then see she dishevel reflection in a huge mirror : smear mascara , hair askew . ali ( cont 'd ) who be I ? she see she and Marcus 's clothes in a trail on the floor and bite she lip , remember last night . int . marcus' live room - morning Ali , freshly shower , enter , a stranger in a strange land . staff be milling around . she hear a splash . look out the glass window , see Marcus swim lap . the housekeeper pass she , nod " morning " . Ali smile . then she notice a long table full of miniature model of building . she take they in , pause at a tall , sleek model of a glass high - rise , tower over the other model . she run she finger lightly over it , intrigue . then she see the address marker : 7800 sunset Blvd . Ali stare , stunne . Marcus enter , toweling himself dry . marcus Morning . 119 . he come up behind she , nuzzle she neck . ali what be this ? marcus now it 's a model . but when it grow up , it will be a mix - use space : retail and residential . ali this be the address of the burlesque Lounge . Marcus shrug , dry he hair . marcus best view on the sunset Strip , with no window . when I be do with it , it will have a thousand . ali you can not tear down the club . marcus actually , I can . ali but what about the history ? that place be a landmark . marcus not accord to the city . ali do tess know about this ? marcus what tess know and do not know be not a big concern of mine . ali what make you think she would ever sell the Lounge ? marcus she have no choice . she 's go under . ali but that club be she life ! 120 . marcus oh , come on , you get this . it 's business . it 's not personal . ali not personal ? it 's pretty god damn personal for tess ! and Coco and Sean and alexis . and what about jesse ? and Dave the lighting guy ? marcus ali -- ali and what about I ? it 's pretty God damn personal to I . she turn to leave . marcus where be you go ? ali to the club . where I work . she march out of the room , resolute -- marcus Ali -- wait !!! at the door she turn back and look at he . as he start to speak , she slam the door shut as we hear " that's life " . int . burlesque lounge - on stage - late afternoon Eva destruction do a sexy contortionist number on stage as the tattooe bumper Band play " that's life " with she . close on - a line of shot glass . tequila be pour . the bartender behind the bar , Jack sit on a stool on the other side , he bag pack beside he . they all pick up they shot glass , toast and drink as they begin to sing " that's life " in a rouse , fun , guy number . the bartender and jack that ' S life , that ' S what all the people say . you 're riding high in april , shot down in may but I know i'm gonna change that tune , when i'm back on top , back on top in JUNE . 121. ext . parking lot - afternoon - carry music tess pull into the lot -- get out of she car dress to the nine in a tailore business suit , hair up , professional . she head into the club -- int . burlesque lounge - same as Eva perform and the bartender and Jack sing , sean look up at Dave , and motion for the spotlight on Jack . Dave nod , and swing the spotlight hit jack . the bartender push Jack up onto the bar as he take the lead -- jack .i say that's life , and as funny as it may seem some people get there kick , stompin ' on a dream but I don't let it , let it get I down , ' cause this fine ol ' world it keep spinning around ... I 've be a puppet , a pauper , a pirate , a poet , a pawn and a king . I 've be up and down and over and out and I know one thing : each time I find myself , flat on my face , I pick myself up and get back in the race ... the whole club be with he now , as Jack channel Sinatra , stand on the bar -- the bartender sing back -up . jack ( cont 'd ) that's life . that's life and I can't deny it . many time I thought of cutting out , but my heart won ' T buy it . but if there ' S nothing shakin ' come this here JULY ... i'm gonna roll myself up in a big ball and die . my , my . applause , hoot and holler . Jack high - fives and fist pump he buddy , hug Sean , grab he bag and suitcase and exit out the back as ... tess enter . sees Sean be at the bar . he look up -- sean how would it go ? ( see she face ) oh , shit . 122. she grab a bottle of tequila and a glass , turn to walk off . sean ( cont 'd ) what be you gonna do ? tess right now ? get really drunk . the front door OPEN , and Ali enter , spot tess , rush over to she . ali tess ! I have to talk to you ! tess keep walk . ali ( cont 'd ) Marcus gerber be try to buy the lounge , and he 's gonna tear it down and build a twenty - story skyscraper ! tess stop . slowly turn and stare at Ali , who 's suddenly embarrassed to admit ... ali ( cont 'd ) I just see the plan . tess look at ali. stun . Ali stand there , breathless , wait for she reaction . but tess just turn , continue up to she office , and shut the door . Ali turn to Sean -- then start after she -- ali ( cont 'd ) she have to do something ! she can not just let he -- sean ( stopping her ) let it go , girl . she just get turn down for another loan . it 's either foreclose , or sell to Marcus . ali so that 's it ? it 's over ? sean the circle of life , baby . all good thing must come to a end . ali but she can not just give up ! 123. sean she 's not give up . she 's go down with she ship . with dignity . Ali sit on a barstool , in disbelief . sean ( cont 'd ) I have get something for you . he pull out the photo of Ali with she mother . it 's in a new frame . ali where would you get this ? sean Jack . he drop it off on he way to the airport . ali where 's he go ? sean New York on the red-eye . ali to be with Natalie ? sean pedal faster , baby , he and Natalie be over . you be the one he 's be look high and low for . ali ( touched ) really ...? ( then : ) then why 's he go to New York ? sean ( duh ! ) get you ass over to lax and ask he yourself ! Ali nod , jump up from she stool , and race for the door , then stop , realize : ali I do not have a -- Sean toss she he car keys . 124 . sean american to JFK . go ! Ali catch the key and take off . - ext . parking lot - night - Ali ( in a prius ) peel out of the lot , weaving through traffic as she lift she cell . - int . airport - night - close shot : a cell phone in a plastic bowl move through a security x- ray machine . jack voice this be Jack . leave I a message . find Jack on the other side , as he belonging come down the conveyor belt . he grab they , turn off he cell . - ext . STREET - night - ali skid through a light , veer past car . - int . concourse - night Jack reach gate 43 , see a long line . get in back . - int . airport terminal - night - Ali bolt through the front door , frantically check the departure monitor . find : new york JFK , gate 43 : now boarding . - int . terminal - night - Ali race up the escalator , approach security . security guy board pass ? al I I have to talk to someone , he 's -- security guy no one 's allow past this point without a board pass . ali but I have to speak to he ! security guy I be sorry , miss . ali I have to get to gate 43 ! security guy there 's Gate 43 , right over there . 125 . he point . it 's the first gate beyond Security . Ali see Jack , in line , about to board the plane . he 's wear he ipod headset , deaf to the world . ali jack ! jack ! jack ! all head turn to look at she , except Jack , who can not hear . a plump woman in front of he look at Ali . Ali point to Jack . the woman tap Jack and point . he look to see : ali , on the other side of Security . Jack take he earphone off and smile . he cross over to she , carry he bag . they be separate by several foot of security rope . jack what be you do here ? ali Sean tell I you be go to New York . please do not go ! jack I have to . I get a offer from that band -- the punk Fusion group . they want I to tour with they . ali really ? jack they finally have it with the flaky keyboardist . I will be back in five week . will you be here ? ali yes ! yes. absolutely . jack what about Marcus ? ali . Marcus who ? they share a smile , separate by the rope . jack I be try to figure out if I should kiss you now , or make you wait five week . ali five week ?! that 's forever ! 126 . angle on : a male and female security guard , listen to the whole exchange . attendant ( on p.a. ) final boarding for flight 673 to new york , JFK at gate 43 jack I gotta go , that 's I . he pick up he bag . it 's kill ali. jack ( cont 'd ) I will call you when I get there . take care of mile Davis . ( off Ali 's confusion ) we cat . I name he . they smile again . neither want this moment to end . she wave . he nod . then he turn and walk off to board . Ali watch he go . on jack , walk back to the gate- then -- he stop . turn back to see Ali , but she 's go . female security guard Boy , you get out there and kiss that girl ! now ! Jack look at she , then quickly turn to walk past the male Security Guard . male security guard go ahead -- but you be gonna have to come back through Security again . jack but then I will miss my flight ! female security guard Martin ! do not you dare keep that boy from kissing he girl ! Martin look at Jack . then : male security guard ah , hell . go ahead . bag stay here . Jack drop he bag , take a run jump over the rope and run through the crowded concourse -- startling everyone . on ali , as she walk through the concourse , relive she last sight of Jack . as she 's about to get on the escalator : 127 . jack ali ! she turn . Jack be there . in one fantastically romantic move , he pull she into he arm , kiss she deeply -- a epic kiss that make passersby stop and stare . attendant ( on p.a. ) final boarding call for flight 673 to new york JFK at gate 43. Jack look at ali. ali well , go get them , Jack . he smile , then disappear into the crowd . Ali stand there , watch he , gobsmack by the kiss . ext . burlesque lounge - late night Sean 's car whip into the parking lot . Ali jump out and head for the front entrance . the construction worker from the tower building across the street hoot and cat - call at she . she wave to they and nod : that 's right , boy . int . burlesque lounge - night Ali enter just as tess , in a spotlight on stage , turn toward the audience . she look fabulous . only someone who know she really well could tell she 's die inside . tess smoother than honey and twice as sweet . each girl lovelier then the next . gentlemen , hold onto you hat . lady , hold on to you gentleman . we may not have window .. . but we do have ... ( motion to the girl ) . the best view on the sunset Strip . the audience hoot as the burlesque Girls enter the stage dance . ( song tbd ) on ali -- a lightbulb go on ! as tess exit the stage , Ali push through the crowd and race backstage . 128. int . burlesque lounge - backstage - night tess be arrive in she office , defeat , as Ali burst in behind she . ali tess ! tess you could knock -- this be still my office - - at least for another 48 hour -- ali but this be really , really -- tess hold up a hand . tess not. now . ali but -- tess I say -- not -- ali yes now ! God damn , you be one stubborn mule of a woman . anyone else in they right mind would have figure out by now , when I have something to tell you , you listen ! I tell you I could dance , do you listen ? no. Big mistake . I tell you I could sing , do you listen ? no. big. mistake . this time you be go to hear what I have to say if I have to tie you up with you corset string and scream it in you God damn ear . for the first time someone silence tess . Ali take a breath . ali ( cont 'd ) have you ever hear of air rights ? ext . loft build hallway - day two sets of fierce heel and legs stride in unison down a sidewalk . pan up as tess and Ali enter : 129 . int . loft build - sale office - day a smartly - dress businessman sit at he mahogany desk deep in a phone conversation as wham ! the door to he office fly open and Ali and tess stride in , a overwrought assistant on they heel . businessman ( into phone ) Jim -- Jim -- hang on , I be gonna have to call you back -- Jim ! damnit , Nancy , get he back . Assistant scurries out . businessman turn to tess . businessman ( cont 'd ) back with more noise complaint ? tess you offer to buy my club a few year back . I say no . businessman and now you have change you mind . tess not exactly . tess smile at he . look at Ali , who 's not smile . she elbow she . Ali start smile . tess walk up to the desk and sit herself down . Ali do the same . businessman I be confuse . tess go with I , there 's a good end , I promise . how much will this condo you be building sell for ? businessman they start at one million and go up , depend on the view . tess what if I tell you a twenty - story high - rise be go up where my club be ? ( to ali ) would twenty storey block he view ? 130 . ali ten storey would . twenty would decimate they . leave behind a lot of angry homeowner stare across the street at fluorescent light bulb and dirty window . tess so. Mr. ? businessman Anderson . tess Mr. Anderson . you pretty million - dollar ocean view be go away because I be sell my building to a developer tomorrow who will have he twenty storey all frame up by the time you start sell -- ali try to sell -- tess try to sell this condo . ( beat ) or. I can put you in a position where you buyer could be guarantee they million - dollar view forever . businessman I be listen . tess as be I . as long as you be tell I you will have a check to I by 5:00 today . int . burlesque lounge - evening the bumper band plays . Vince sit with he posse . his cocktail waitress / girlfriend approach with a empty tray . she whisper to he : cocktail waitress sorry , baby , they cut you off at the bar . Said you have to pay cash . vince what ? I co -own this goddamn place -- 131 . tess come up behind he . tess not anymore you do not . I be buy you out . vince you can not do that . tess actually , accord to page 4 of we contract , I can . vince ( scoffing ) in the next 48 hour ? tess why postpone joy ? she hand he a cashier' check . Vince stare at it . vince what the hell be this ? tess I realize it 's be a while since you have see one , but it 's call a check . he stare at it , stunne . then at she . vince where would you get this ? tess not you business anymore . and neither be the lounge . ( point ) I be sure you know where the door be . it use to be half yours . ( re. the waitress ) and take her with you . tess turn and go over to the bar , where Ali spin around on she barstool , have hear the whole thing . ali how would that feel ? tess not half bad . 132 . tess park it next to she . look at Ali . smile , then break into a giggle . Ali smile . tess laugh even harder , tear in she eye now . they be just two girl laugh hysterically at the bar , tess keep try to say something , but can not get it out , until she look Ali square in the eye ... tess ( cont 'd ) it feel pretty God damn awesome ! and they crack up again . then ... ali and to think , you do not even want I around . tess oh , Jesus , here it come . ali . what be it you say to I that first night ? " twenty buck at the door will make all you dream come true . " that be sweet of you . tess be you finish ? ali ( loving needle she ) kinda ironic , when you think about it . I start off begging you to make my dream come true , and here we be -- tess all right already ! you want I to say it , I will say it . she look at she . tess ( cont 'd ) this place be the love of my life . the only dream I have ever have . I do not know what I would have do if I have lose it . ( heartfelt now ) thank you . a moment between they ... as tess spot nikki enter the club carry she dance bag - - a little fresher than we have see she before , and sober . nikki look over at tess ... then approach . Ali turn away on she bar stool , respectfully . 133. nikki ( sheepish ) I cross the line . tess cross she arm , and with a smirk on she face -- tess again . nikki again , and I wanna come home -- tess again -- nikki yes , again ! do you fill my spot or what ...? tess what do you think ? tess and nikki share a look . tess ( cont 'd ) curtain 's up in 20 . shake a leg . nikki smile , hike she dance bag over she shoulder and head backstage -- Ali look at tess quizzically -- ali just like that ? tess if I have a dollar for every time she 's quit ... ali really ? tess we all fight . bitch . Love and hate . and then make up . just like sister . ali I never have a sister . tess I neither . thank GOD . ( then ) ( more ) 134 . tess ( cont 'd ) now get you cute little ass and big ole ' voice up on stage , cause this be burlesque , baby girl , where the woman be always on top , and the man like it that way . like I have always say -- ali / tess you can not keep a good girl down . backstage dressing room Ali walk into the dress room . sit down in front of she mirror . across the room , nikki be sit at hers . Ali look at nikki in the reflection of she mirror . they eye meet . then nikki nod . and Ali nod back . for the first time , a mutual respect . all the other girl begin to pour into the dress room . chatt , gossipe , change they clothes . the leg , boob , fishnet , etc . thing back the way there be , and the way they will always be . on ali . she look at herself in the mirror . pick up the make - up brush tess give she . dip it in water . then apply a line on she eye expertly . she smile to herself . music up : a heavy bass drumlin beat which take we to ... int . burlesque lounge - night - carry music a spotlight . moving down the smoke- fill shaft of light as -- a figure rise into view at the back of the stage . over the contemporary beat , we hear a beautiful classic opera ( carmen ? ) reveal ... it 's nikki ! she sing a line or two in a amazing operatic voice that totally blow we away . then ... a dance beat kick in as coco come into view , and sing another line . then jessie . then scarlett . and finally ... Ali rise into view , wear a diamond studd gaultier - type harness top and sequine hot-pant . this song ( to be write ) be a contemporary dance song about burlesque with a vintage feel to it . nikki and the burlesque Girls , in similar costume , back Ali as she sing she big finale . camera move through the pack house as we see Georgia , Sean , Mark ( the dj ) and tess , who double - take at mr . anderson ( the businessman ) who see she and smile . on stage , ali and the entire company explode in a surreal whirl of dance . turn . kick . arched back . leg overhead . rhinestone . garter . fishnet . the entire company , band and bartender join in a all out bollywood finale . 135 . camera move into the club as music crossfade with the sound of people talking . glass clinking . all the background sound of a busy nightclub . a loud drum roll take we to ... a low camera move across a black stage as we move in on the footlight which become a million brilliant light blast into camera , blind we until they form letter read : burlesque