burning annie art imitate life imitate art imitate life written by Zack ordynan production draft 1-12-02 fade in : abrupt close up on max , a plain wall behind he . 1 int . limbo radio 1 he be 20 , normal look , not too nebbish , punkish , bookish , or stylish . he be a high -strung guy , enjoy a rare moment of un - self - consciousness . max there 's a old joke . it come from " the iliad , " but I think it be popularize by oscar wilde . it go like this : ... a bear 's take a shit , like , out in the wood one day . and he see this rabbit , also take a shit . the rabbit , wait , I mean , the bear , he 's shitting up a storm , cuz he 's be eat mexican . the wiping 's take forever , and he shit keep stick to he fur . wait , what happen next ? oh , right -- he ask the rabbit if he ever have trouble wiping . the rabbit say no , shit just slide right off he . so the bear pick the rabbit up and wipe he ass with he . ( pause , as if for applause ) well , I never say it be a good joke . and see , that make it perfect , because it 's pretty much the story of my life . we can now see that he 's perch on a stool , wear a rem t- shirt and old jeans . he gesticulates vaguely as he talk . max ( cont 'd ) grow up , my parent be huge Woody Allen fan . still be . personally , I hate he . same thing with the Beatles , such a part of my background that I must have be about 16 by the time I realize how useless it be to rebel by ignore the Beatles or any other cultural artifact of they generation . even if I do spend my childhood hearing my father go on and on about how , like , nirvana would never mean anything because they be not the Beatles , blah -blah . I do not know , this be all start to sound a little bit too angsty , you know , and that 's about the last thing I be go for here ... shit , I really get off track there , do not I ? as Max shake he head , a hang radio mike come into view . it have the call letter of a college radio station on it . 2 . High on the wall behind he , a glow " on AIR " light be reveal . the perspective be skew , the studio appear cavernous and completely barren . 2 int . max's childhood home ­ flashback ­ day 2 young max , about five , sit on the floor and watch bananas with he father , a large , relaxed man with a mustache who recline in a tacky 80' chair and smoke a cigar . max ( o.s. ) anyway , like the Beatles thing­ and this be the point of that whole long - wind example­ I be force - feed Woody Allen from a young age . I remember watch bananas when I be about five . of course , I hate it . Young Max be laugh hysterically at the screen . Max stand to the side , watch he young self and he father . the radio mike hang in front of he . max ( cont 'd ) this be my old house . we live here , in a dull suburb of New York , until I be ten , when we move to a different house in a different dull suburb of New York . on tv , a woman be bit in the breast by a snake and be chase by a group of soldier . young max daddy , why be they run after she ? father ( kindly ) someday , you will understand . pay attention , you will learn something . Young Max turn back to the screen , wide - eye . 3 int . max's second home ­ flashback 3 in pajamas , adolescent max , 16 , watch a new tv in a identical family room . this time , annie hall be play . max ( v.o . ) oh yeah . this be not the first time I see Annie Hall , but it be the first time I actually appreciate it . I be flipping channel on a Saturday afternoon , and there it be , and I be stunne to find I love it , more stunne to find that my parent may have have a point all along . [ more ] 3. max ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) although , they be definitely wrong about bananas . close on : adolescent Max , totally engross in the film . 4 int . high school hallway ­ flashback 4 adolescent Max walk alone to class . other student rush by in group . he look a little lose . max ( v.o . ) oh God , high school . I hate this place . I be a junior when I give up try to fit in . fortunately , be a social outcast be a lot easier when you school be fill with idiot . a pair of goth posers pass . Max keep he distance . from the other direction , a 6 foot tall girl make eye at Max . he walk into a water fountain , drop he book . 5 int . high school gym ­ flashback 5 adolescent Max get hit in the face with a volleyball . everyone laugh at he , include the coach . Max stand to the side and wince . max there be something in Annie Hall I identify with . maybe it be the style of humor , or the defeatist attitude , I do not know . all I know be , I keep go back . different people be inspire by different thing , and my source of inspiration become a 20 - year- old movie about a fail relationship . the volleyball roll over and he pick it up . 6 int . radio station -- present 6 from behind Max , we see the station as it really be : small , dark , cramped , and totally fill with crap . Max wear headphone , sit before a large console and audio gear . he now hold a volleyball . max so after high school I end up here . there be never really any choice , not go to college be not a option . of course , I bring Annie with I . good thing , too . [ more ] 4. max ( cont 'd ) watch it quickly become about the only thing I could count on to go right . 7 int . jen' room ­ flashback ­ night 7 Max be with five friend in the double , and they all have linger style - baggage from high school ( eg. bad haircut ) . max ( to camera ) it be freshmen year when we start watch Annie Hall as a tradition . ( looking around ) jeez , this must have be the very first time . what 's Amy do here ? I be pretty sure Amy be not here . amy be attractive , bookish , and sit on Max 's bed . charle , a skinny guy in a large chair , try to get she attention by wiggling he eyebrow seductively . Max put the tape in the vcr , hit rewind , and move to sit on he bed . he pause when he see how close he will come to Amy . finally , he climb over she and awkwardly sit at the far end . Amy watch , roll she eye , and look at beth , who shake she head sadly . Beth be pretty in a earthy way , spunky and sad at the same time . she look sympathetically at Max , who be try not to act nervous ( and fail ) . the couple be SAM , who 's short and charismatic , with a cool , slightly punkish personal style ; and jen , same height , cute and serious , conservative dress . they lie on the floor together . max ( cont 'd ) ( to camera ) that 's Sam and Jen . Sam be the alpha - male of we group , which tend to consist mostly of zeta-male . he have be go out with Jen a couple week and we be all wait to see if she would change he ... Sam slide a pillow under she . SAM be you comfortable , honey ? jen I be fine , Sam . I be worried about you . sure you do not want I to move over ? 5 . SAM oh no , no , Jen , if you be happy , I be happy . Max and Charles exchange a look -- there they go again . Max make a show of put a pillow under a large darth vader doll . Beth laugh , Amy be amused . Sam look back and be embarrassed . Jen roll she eye and give Sam a look . jen be we gonna watch this movie or what ? dissolve to : 8 int . jen' room ­ flashback ­ later 8 Annie Hall 's credit roll . Sam snap on the light . SAM wow , what a good movie . amy oh , that be so sad ! Relationships do not have to be like that ! ( to max ) I can see why you like this so much . it remind I of you . max uh , thanks , I guess . do that mean you like it ? Max and Amy stand and face each other as the light fade to black around everyone else . amy I do not say I like it , I say it remind I of you . it remind I of what I do not like about you , the cynicism , the neurotic insecurity , and oh yeah , when you start call I every day . all the reason we be never more than friend . max well , at least you be be honest . amy of course I be be honest . this be a fantasy extrapolate from a flashback . how could I lie to you ? 6 . max ( to camera ) I be the only person I know who get insulted in he own fantasy . Charles walk by , Amy take he arm , and they disappear into the surround darkness , which dissolves to : 9 int . limbo radio - present 9 and again Max be alone . max anyway , Amy set the tone for the rest of college ... 10 int . theater lobby -- night -- flashback 10 the movie be Annie Hall . the theater be empty . suddenly , erica burst through the crowd . erica be mad . Max follow behind she , placate . erica and what be it with jewish men and there penis issue ?! Max freeze in place . the entire crowd of student turn to look at he . he manage a weak smile and turn back to erica , but she 's go , out the door into the night . Max turn back to the crowd and shrug , but the crowd turn away . Max suddenly see someone : Beth , look at he . he blushes , self - conscious , and hurry away . max ( v.o . ) and even when it go right , it do not . 11 int . stacy room -- night -- flashback 11 Max and stacy stumble in , inebriated , laugh . max ... and then I , then I , after I call the pizza place , I call a ambulance , and time they . stacy who win ? max the pizza , of course . the paramedics take 35 minute to arrive . 7. stacy I can not believe you ! do you get in trouble ? max the Station manager say I could not go on the air ever again . stacy so what would you do ?! max I give he the pizza ! they collapse on the bed , laugh . stacy roll over and kiss Max on the lip . his eye go wide and he frantically crawl backwards . stacy what ? do not you like I ? max it would never work . stacy how would you know ? max I know . I have a sixth sense . stacy you see dead people ? max I see dead relationship . stacy sit up , frustrated , the mood ruin . max ( cont 'd ) ( to camera ) that be all true , but there be something else , though . I mean , there I be , drunk , in a girl 's bedroom , and the only think run through my mind be ... 12 ext . campus quad ­ day ­ flashback 12 Max speak to someone o.s. max ... " what about Beth ? " Max be talk to Beth . it 's a beautiful spring day . 8. max ( cont 'd ) I mean , I know we be just friend , but you really mean a lot to I and we have be spend a lot of time together lately , and maybe ... I guess what I be say be , maybe we could try go out on a date or something ? beth Max ... max I mean , it would not have to be , uh ... beth sure . max we would not have to ... what ? beth I would love to . how 's tomorrow night ? max um , yeah , it would have to be after , or maybe ... yeah , tomorrow , uh , tomorrow night 's fine . beth great . I know the perfect thing . she split , leave Max befuddle at he change of fortune . 13 ext . library -- night 13 Max and Beth be walk through the night in overcoat . beth never ? max not until Sam and Jen . beth a perfect record . wow . max I do not get what the fuss be . I know you and that Chris guy would not last a week as soon as I see you together . beth but you can tell with everybody ? I do not know if that 's sad or incredible . 9 . max or incredibly sad . I be amaze I be the only one who can tell . take any couple . if it 's not incompatible lifestyle , it 's conflict priority . if it 's not that , it 's usually clash level of self - esteem . it 's always something . beth live with you would be a nightmare . I would be afraid to bring any boyfriend home . oh , uh , sorry . awkward pause . max well , just because I see it , do not mean I talk about it . I do not say a word to my suitemate . beth you guy never talk about anything important anyway . max oh , come on , we have philosophical discussion all the time . beth like whether voltron could kill the transformer ? max to name one hot-button issue , yes . you want we to talk about girl ? Sam be nearly marry to Jen , Charles do not want he relationship to last , Tommy 's girlfriend be locate in online chatroom across the country , and Scott , well ... you know . beth for such " close " friend , it just seem weird , that 's all . I must admit , I be a lot closer to you than any of they . they be at the Library . max what be do here ? 10 . 14 int . library lobby 14 Max and Beth remove they coat , revealing formal wear . other student give they look . a older female librarian approach . librarian ah , you must have the reservation for booth seven . beth yes , that 's we . max what ? librarian right this way , then . max " reservation " ? librarian you would be surprised how many of you lovebird we get in here . she wink and lead they to the elevator . Beth smile shyly and look at Max , but he be merely embarrassed . her smile fade . 15 int . library media room 15 Max and Beth be watch the open credit of Annie Hall on a tiny tv in a cubicle . they be surround by other student in cubicle . beth be not this great ? max well , this be not exactly what I have in mind . beth what do you mean ? max for starter , I have a serious problem with spend any time in the library when I do not have to . I be here once or twice a year as it be . plus ... ( hold up headphone ) what 's the point of see this together if we be wear headphone ? [ more ] 11 . max ( cont 'd ) why not be with a life-size cardboard cut -out ? that way you can be with someone famous , even a dead person . would not you rather be with elvis ? beth oh , shhh ...! max or batman ? beth can not you just enjoy the moment ? max I be sorry , I be sorry . ( sigh ) I be a little nervous . it 's like , we first date and everything . beth oh. yeah . 16 ext . library ­ night 16 Max and Beth leave the library . they disposition have switch : Max be perky while Beth be subdued . max I can not believe how many great line there be . even the little throwaways , like when she park and he 's like , " that 's okay , we can walk to the curb from here . " beth yeah . I love it , I be serious . I be so glad we do this . max yeah , I too . beth but man , relationship be a lot of work , be not they ? max uh , sure , sometimes ... Beth stop he , and they sit on a bench . the night be cold . they sit close and lean in , speak in hushed tone . 12. beth if I be go to jump into anything with you , Max , I need some sign that you be serious about it . about I . max what ? you want I to get a tattoo or something ? beth look , you have gotta admit , you be the most pessimistic person in the world . max obviously you have never meet my mother . beth can you be serious for a second ? max I guess you really have not meet my mother ... Beth be not laugh . beth look , Max , this be not go to work . max wait a second . beth okay . no more joke . now . tell I how you feel . max about what ? beth about I . max I , I ... ( exasperated ) why be you do this ? since when have you get " serious " about relationship ? you last boyfriend dumped you after four day . Beth sit up , pull she jacket close . beth well , that be intimate . thanks , Max . 13. max no wait , I be sorry , I be sorry , hold on . beth Max , I do not think this be such a good idea . I mean , it would be really foolish to jeopardize we friendship . max no , it would not ! beth we should not have rush into this . I be sure you know it would not have work out . max I do not know that . beth please tell I we have not hurt we friendship . you do not even know how much you mean to I . max I be start to get the idea . he 's daze , slightly ill . Beth touch he arm gently and walk away . Max turn to we . a radio mike swing into view . max ( cont 'd ) thing be not the same after . we quickly become the kind of friend who say hi on the path but do not stop walk . then , she move across campus and change major , and basically , except for the random phone call , I have not see she in age . dissolve to : max , thoughtful . pull back to reveal : 17 int . limbo radio 17 Max , speak in the empty station , suddenly get intense . max all this date have one thing in common ! and it take Charles , of all people , to point it out to I . 14 . 18 ext . campus quad ­ today -- flashback 18 it 's late January and the campus be show sign of a temperamental winter . max ( v.o . ) this morning , we be skip class . Max and Charles walk across the quad towards we . at first , they be only speck in the distance . charle Max , you be insane . max it 's ridiculous that even at a liberal school like this , I have to put up with anti-semitism . charle so you get a C minus ! do not you think you be get carry away ? max he could not just fail I , think about it . the paper be about my grandparent ' experience in the holocaust . charle you paranoia have always be out of control , but this be absurd . max you do not understand , you be not jewish . charle neither be you ! max but the professor probably think I be . charle and be not that the paper that you hand in two week late ? max you know what else ? I think he might be german . charle Professor wang ? will you stop it ... we can now see that Charles have a fedora cocked back on he head , and be wear incongruous " Vegas " clothes . 15 . they walk past and into the University Center . 19 int . university CENTER -- continuous 19 it 's a low - traffic time of day . charle so what do you want to do tonight ? max I be not sure . it be the beginning of the semester , it 's time for we Annie Hall night . charle have you ever notice that the more Annie Hall you watch , the less successful you be romantically ? I think we would do much better if we watch , say , Ocean 's 11 . max what be you talk about ? if you be sick of Annie Hall , that 's one thing , but do not blame we sad little life on it . 20 int . general store -- continuous 20 Charles pick out breath mint . charle no , I be tell you , I be think about this over break . ever since we start watch it , what have you love life be like ? and mine ? every semester , we watch this movie , and then spend the semester alone . max alone ? last semester you hook up with like a dozen woman . charle you know actress do not count . ( poignantly ) I be look for a meaningful , sophisticated relationship . like Frank and ava . no more shallow dame for this cat . max ( agitate ) where do you get this grudge against my favorite film ? 16 . charle I be just kid around , Max . we will watch it tomorrow . tonight , there 's a party . max and anyway , you theory fail to account for we collective dorkiness and bad haircut . plus , look at Sam . charle Sam have not see Annie Hall since freshman year , and he 's in he third year with jen. max so look at what not watch can do to you . charle ouch . why be you still on this ? I say I be kid . 21 int . radio station -- present 21 max what a nightmare . I dunno why I can not stop think about this thing . I guess I have be a little restless lately , since get back from winter break . everything 's be kind of weird lately . he grab a CD from a rack . max ( cont 'd ) hope you enjoy this week 's reggae revelry hour . this be Max fill in for rasta ronnie , take you out with a little bad religion . he put in the CD , hit " shuffle / repeat , " and leave . the caller request line blink furiously . CUT to : title card : white on black : " sunday " 22 int . common room -- max's suite - evening 22 Max 's dormitory suite : four bedroom off a common room , which have three batter couch , a coffee table , and in a corner , several small fridge and two television in a pile . Christmas light be still up . a neon ` guinness ' sign dwarf it all . 17 . Max and Charles be here , stand , while Sam and Jen sit on one couch and scott and amanda sit on the other . Charles put on he glove and coat . charle Max , you be come and that 's the end of it . when 's the last time you go to a party ? max who care ? it 's unnatural . if I go into a stranger 's house and eat they food under any other circumstance , I would be arrest . charle I be not take no . with Sam on board , it 's gonna be like old time . he gesture at Sam , who stand . unlike the hipster from freshman year , Sam now resemble a middle - age accountant . there be bag under he eye and square clothes on he back . SAM yeah , I have not be out with you guy in age . Jen look up from she magazine with disapproval . jen you be go out ? SAM aw , honey , just for a little while . jen you know I have to work until midnight . it 's not my fault the supervisor will not let I out of it . she glare . he teeter between he friend and he girlfriend . his girlfriend win . he sit back down , try to hide he disappointment . SAM she have a point , guy . I should catch up on my chemistry read anyway . the guy roll they eye , let down but unsurprise . across the room be scott , perpetually poker - face and reserve , and amanda , understate , with the subdued manner of a long -suffer wallflower . 18. she sit off to the side , sneaking look at Scott . he 's watch a golf- related infomercial . amanda so Scott ... how come you be not go out with Charles and Max ? scott can not go . graphic design work . amanda oh really ? I have work , too , but it 's okay , I get a lot do today . what do you have to do ? scott graphic design work . tommy enter . he 's preppier than anyone else , conservative clothes cap off by a goofy smile and thick glass . tommy what 's up , all ? max Tommy , at last . save I from this lounge lizard . charle yeah , what be you do tonight ? tommy physics lab . fortunately , the semester 's just begin , so before the work pile up , I can party . that 's why the beginning of the semester rule . charle great , so come party with I . tommy I can not , I have physics work . he disappear into he room . Charles take Max 's hat from a hook , jam it on he head , and shove he towards the door . 23 int . college apartment ­ later 23 a typically lame college party , still early in the night . the furniture be " student budget modern " type . a jazz record play quietly , while pretentiously - dress party -goer sip wine and eat cheese and cracker . Max and Charles survey the room , drink in hand . 19 . max cheer to a new semester , full of potential that will surely go to waste . they toast . charle this be it , I be tell you . this be the semester I pass all my class and meet the dame of my dream . max good luck , and may she have a sister . charle more importantly , may she grant we we occasional freedom . max ah , forget about Sam . I do not like it any more than you . charle he 's become a total non-entity . freshman year , we be like Frank and deano . now it 's like Frank and freakin ' Peter lawford . max hey , he be one of my best friend . now we share a room and he 's like a stranger . charle hottie at 3 o'clock . keep a eye on she for I so it do not look like I be interested . max yeah , right , then if you fail to sodomize she , you will blame I . I , or Annie Hall . charle look , all I say be , it would explain we life . max the problem be , every crazy theory explain something . I take a class last semester with a professor who claim that the planet be be destroy by white , male , meat-eate capitalist . charle so ? everybody know that . 20 . max but she have a theory that explain how : apparently racism , sexism , socialism , environmentalism , and vegetarianism be all inherently link . I bring a Big Mac to the first class , and I think I be go to be the victim of a vegan - socialist uprising . Sam walk in and make a beeline for the guy . excitement . SAM hey ! I make it ! charle I can not believe it . max wow , the law of nature have stop work . maybe I should try to meet some chick after all . charle how would you get away ? SAM I tell she I be go to the lab . she do not mind if I be work while she be . how 's the party ? max suck . who be they try to be , with this wine and cheese ? what kind of party do not even have beer ? charle I can get into this . it 's better than that frat party . check out the fox in the beret . SAM man , it 's so good to be out . between Jen , homework , and lab , I hardly have time for anything . charle you could always change you major . you would have a lot more free time . SAM I feel the same way about science that I do about Jen . it 's a lot of work , but it 's worth it . [ more ] 21 . SAM ( cont 'd ) I have doubt about both , actually . but still , what could be dumber than change you major for a girl ? max change you girl for a major . charle would you do it ? max it would not be a issue . SAM of course not , when have study ever interfered with what 's important , like video hockey or you radio show that nobody listen to . max I mean , I would have to have a girl first . and lay off the radio show . there 's a reason I take the 3 be slot . SAM and every time I see you do homework , you be take a break . you be the best I have ever see when it come to procrastinate . max I should be , procrastination be one of my favorite hobby . be not it funny that my two favorite hobby rhyme ? Charles ' expression turn sour as he look across the room . charle oh , shit , Sara 's here . SARA , good-look and excitable , arrive with a theatrical flourish . her age and manner indicate , among other thing , that she be a freshman . SARA ta-daaa ! hey guy , what 's go on ? SAM ( deadpan ) we be just talk about the mediocre resonation of sub-hybrid field . max I can not believe you think they be mediocre . that guy rock . 22. SARA ( do not get it , do not care ) oh. well , I just want to stop by and say " hey " to my favorite guy . so hey ! how be everyone 's break ? she be clearly talk to Charles , who be scan the room over she shoulder . SAM good . max it could have be better but it could have be worse . for I , that 's good . SARA mine be great ! I party with my best friend Melanie , who I have not see in age . be not this party just the best ? so much better than the theater group party . max I dunno , it 's a bunch of 21 - year- old who want the 18 - year- old to know how mature they be . SARA hey , Charles , you go to the fraternity party after this ? charle ugh , no . SARA you gonna be back at you suite then ? maybe I will stop by . charle uh , yeah , we should be back in , uh , many many hour . SARA okay then , I will catch up with you guy later . she tug on Charles 's shirt . SARA ( cont 'd ) ( stage whisper ) I miss you . she leave . 23. charle shit , I be hope to avoid she for at least a few more day . SAM what do you have against she ? she seem nice . charle first , she make my skin crawl . second , if word get out , it will ruin my reputation in the freshman dorm . Sam look to Max for the real story . max never hook up with people in you cast . charle I be a world - class knucklehead . a pretty girl approach . julie I be sorry to interrupt , I think I hear one of you say " Max . " charle one of we be Max . julie ( to charle ) oh , great , just as I hope . I just want to say , I hear you radio show last week and I think it be great . thoughtful and poignant and funny , too . you know , you look just like I imagine , too . charle thanks . max I be Max . julie huh ? max I be Max . ( suddenly struck ) oh my God , you hear my show ? julie you be Max ? then who be you ? 24 . charle Charles . I be a actor . julie ( to max ) you okay ? you look like you be in pain . max you do not get it , I can not do my show if I even suspect someone be listen . now I have to change time slot . again . julie I be sorry , I do not realize I be not suppose to listen . max ( inconsolable ) no , it 's no good , the whole episode be ruin . this be a disaster . charle I work in theater a lot . julie alright , listen . I be kid . you show actually kind of suck . max what ?! julie just kid ! it be awesome . charle I also direct . max uh , when do you tune in ? I need to know which episode you ruin . julie at one point you dial a phone sex line . it be hilarious . it 's not every day someone call 1-900-4rimjobs to discuss politics . Sam quickly pull Charles away as he start to comment . max and she hang up . " this be not the place for that kind of talk ... " 25 . julie yeah , it 's like , for four dollar a minute , you should talk about whatever you want . you know the country 's in trouble when a phone sex operator think talk politics be beneath she . max perhaps she would be screw by politician . phone sex be just pretend but politics ... I know my ass be still sore . he catch himself and falter . Julie notice something . julie listen , I be be flagge down by my over - protective friend . it be nice meeting you , though . max wait , wait . how do you know about my show ? julie someone mention you . max anybody I know ? oh , duh , I guess it would have to be someone I know . julie it be from a good source . I be tell I would like you , but to really know you , I should hear you show . max what , really ? she appraise he for a beat . julie it be Beth . and with that , she leave . Max watch she , lose she in the crowd . something catch he eye across the room . max be Pov : Sam be in a corner , trap by a upset Jen . from he gesture , he be on the defensive . Charles mosey over . 26 . charle check it . Jen trade shift and get out of work , so she go to the lab to surprise Sam . he be not there , and then Tommy give away that he be here . max busted . charle and how . let 's bail before the beheading begin . plus , the Rat pack 's on HBO later . they put on they coat . max how can you stand that show ? charle I tell you , it 's research . it 's why I get three phone number , Max , while you be talk to that cutie . 24 int . college apartment stairwell 24 max " cutie " ? charle that 's right . you get she name ? max we just meet . I be work up to it . charle man , you be worse at pick up chick than I . we be one sad couple of bozo . Max look at he like he 's insane . 25 int . max and sam' room ­ later 25 alone , he kick snow off he boot as he shed he winter layer . he tap the answer machine . beth ( on machine ) uh , hi , Max . guess who ? it 's Beth . be a while , huh ? since that lunch last August that somehow never happen . anyway , uh , just check in , I guess . hope you break be okay . uh , and ---- 27 . beeeeeeep . the machine cut she off . Max sigh , pick up the phone , dial . max hello ? Beth ?... sorry ... hello ...? hey , how 's it go ?... yeah , in person ... too long ... so anyway , I just want to say hi , and also , stop tell people to listen to my show ... of course I be serious ... stop laugh ... of course I have not change ... CUT to : title card : white on black : " monday " 26 int . common room -- the next morning 26 Sara sleep on a couch . Charles , wear only boxer , hang over and mostly asleep , pass through the live room . he stub he toe and crash into the wall . charle ow ! shit! ow ! he continue into the bathroom . Sara wake up and look around groggily . a flush . Charles walk out of the bathroom and blink at Sara with surprise . charle ( cont 'd ) jeeezzus ! shit , sorry you um ... SARA it 's all right , this be not the first time this have happen . at least this time I be not the naked one . charle it 's just that , I mean , I be just surprised to see you here . SARA hmm , yeah , I must have show up after you come back , or something . I be plan to go home , but I guess I fall asleep . she wait for something from Charles . he do not respond . she reluctantly get to she foot . SARA ( cont 'd ) anyway , I , uh , I have get a bunch of stuff to do . I will see you later . charle bye . 28 . as she leave , Max come in , still in last night 's clothes . max you all right ? charle she 's around all the time ! I choose to live with my hombre , not she . she 's get to realize that we be not right for each other and get on with she life . max no , I mean , I think I hear you fall or something . charle oh , what ? I just stubbed my toe . max that suck . bad way to start the day . charle the toe 's the least of it . max this be funny , in a way . yesterday you be complain about not have any girl . now you be complain because you have one . charle I know . it 's a shame . and I be attract to she once , too . what happen ? max want I to tell you ? charle no ! I think I have hear enough from the nostradamus of fail relationship to last a lifetime . max speak of fail relationship , I be think about you Annie Hall theory . specifically , I be think that you be insane . charle I say I be joke , so why do you keep bring it up ? 29 . max it 's like you insulted my religion . like , " hey , cardinal , I think Jesus might be why you be not get laid ... " charle you attitude 's too dour . you have gotta be more fun . max it 's not my fault Annie Hall 's honest about the futility of romance . charle you be just a wuss . the very think of not see that movie scare you . you be like a junkie , you need movie methadone . like , from now on you can only see Manhattan . max forget it , I hate Manhattan . charle you think addict like methadone ? max my uncle Harry do not seem to mind . charle so what be we do for lunch ? Scott enter . scott you mean breakfast . max actually , I be suppose to eat with Beth . he do not look excited at the prospect , but Charles do . charle Beth ? wow . she have not be around in age . say hi for I . 27 ext . frannie be ­ day 27 Max walk with Beth down the city street . she carry a umbrella and scan the sky . beth be not it suppose to rain ? 30 . max I dunno . beth Max , it 's be ten minute and we be still discuss the weather . max so ? think of all the people who have die in hurricane . I bet they think it 's a worthy issue . beth I just feel like there be other thing we could be talk about . you be the one person I could rely on to say something original . max okay , okay . ( beat ) so , what class be you take ? beth this be a mistake , be not it ? max what ? no . they stop in front of frannie 's , a small greasy spoon . beth look , let 's just call it a day . I be excited to hear from you , but I can not take you like this . a couple exit , the guy hold the door for they . they hesitate . suddenly , from inside : charle ( o.s. ) Max ! Beth ! come sit with we ! max no , I be sorry . do not worry about it . to be honest , it 's nice be with someone besides my suitemate for a change . they look in and see ... 28 int . frannie be ­ continuous 28 ... Charles , Scott , amanda , Sam and Jen , seat around a huge table . they be wave they in . Beth enter , Max reluctantly follow . 31 . jen oh my , God , Beth ! it 's great to see you ! amanda it 's be so long ! everyone scoot over to make room . Max be still stunne but have no choice . he sit . jen how do we ever fall out of touch ? we should not let that happen again . beth I know ! I even miss this place . I live on the wrong side of campus now . you guy still come here ? it 's so dark and the menu be tiny . charle it never change , that 's why . SAM ( to jen ) what be you gonna get ? jen maybe a omelet . max do you have to get egg ? I be allergic . jen so do not get the egg . max it 's just that , it 's the smell . it 's the smell that bother I . jen be you serious ? how can you be allergic to the smell of my egg ? beth do not worry about it , Jen . he 's just incredibly picky about food . charle even other people 's . max look , if you be go to have egg , let I at least switch seat with Sam , so I will be farther away from it . 32 . SAM Max , what 's up with you today ? join a support group . charle if it really bother you , why do not you and Beth switch ? this would put Beth next to Charles . she look at he and he smile . unable to help herself , she smile back . SAM what about people at other table ? should we ask the management to stop serve egg - product to people upwind of you ? jen why can not you just get along with everyone for once ? max alright , alright , you win , we will switch . come on , Beth , get up . beth ( jokingly ) what make you so sure I be gonna switch ? I do not think I be gonna move . charle do not give in , Beth . I have get you back . max you owe I . remember when you throw that egg at I in the dining hall ? beth okay , I will get up . but I be order a omelet . she sit down next to Charles and they smile at each other . 29 ext . ATM near theater ­ later 29 Max walk down the street toward a ATM , where a long line of college student have form . next to the ATM be a arthouse theater . the marquee read " thru Valentine 's Day : annie hall and casablanca . " he join the ATM line . a moment later , Julie walk by . she notice he and stop . julie hi. look at this line . 33. max oh , hey . yeah , I hate come here this time of day , but I need money . you know , gambling debt and all . julie be not atm great ? they save so much time . think about what life must have be like before they . max I can not support a acronym without know what it stand for . I once join nambla because I think it be a animal rights group . she laugh . max ( cont 'd ) so , be you a junior , too ? julie I be list as a sophomore , but I have take some time off . max what be you majore in ? julie why be that always the first question ? max it be my second question . julie and how would you answer it ? max I would be honest . oh , wait . media Studies . this week , I be majore in media Studies . I use to be a double - major , Renaissance footwear and neurosurgery , but , ya know , it be just too hard to get course credit for watch movie . julie I bet . I , I be in soc. , but I be lean toward Business , or psych . or Art History . max why do not you just be undeclared ? 34 . julie not my style . Max 's turn -- but he spot annie hall on the marquee . impulsively , he turn Julie to face he , so that she back be to it . in do so , he step away from the ATM . julie ( cont 'd ) be you okay ? I think you need money . max uh , I forget , my bookie take check now . julie seriously , be everything okay ? max actually , yes . but I need something from you . julie what ? max you name . julie it 's Julie , no nickname . do not even think of call I " jewel . " max okay , Julie with no nickname , I , um , I will see you around ? julie probably . she leave . Max go back to the end of the line . 30 int . common room -- night 30 loung be Max and Charles , Sam and Tommy , and Scott and amanda . Charles pull a bottle of vodka from a newsbox . charle come on , which of you cat be in ? max it 's only Monday . 35 . charle shit , it 's only Monday ? now I really need a drink . SAM I be in . Charles take two mug off the floor , throw they content into a plant , and pour . Tommy be on one end of a couch , sneaking look at amanda , in the middle , who be sneaking look at Scott , on the other end . amanda ( to scott ) how be you day ? tommy ( answering her ) my day suck . I spend six hour in the lab and four hour in class . and tonight , I have to study for two test . charle ouch . tommy it better be worth it when I get into grad school . amanda Scott , how 's the design project come ? scott slowly . there be a couple problem . amanda huh . Scott get up and leave the room . tommy listen , I have a extra ticket to this concert tomorrow night . Charles , Sam , and Max look on with alarm : be he really go through with this , here , now ? amanda take the bait . amanda the Ani difranco show ? awesome ! that 's be sell out for week ! 36 . tommy it 's not Ani difranco , it 's better - - two , front row seat at the campus choir charity show . amanda oh. tommy so do ya wanna go ? amanda I dunno . why do not you call I tomorrow during the day . tommy okay , great . amanda it 's get late . see you guy later . SAM - max - charle bye . tommy see you tomorrow . amanda exit . tommy ( cont 'd ) wow , that go pretty good . charle use Ani difranco to get laid . I have gotta try that . SAM she will never give up on Scott . tommy it 's not like I expect anything , I just like to spend time with she . Scott wander back in with a copy of wire magazine . Tommy stand . tommy ( cont 'd ) Scott , do you mind if I take amanda to a concert tomorrow night ? scott why would I ? 37 . tommy I do not think so , but not ask would be wrong . scott no , it would not . tommy but ... SAM it 's not even a date . tommy it 's nothing serious , but it be a date . charle but they be go as friend . SAM they be friend . max she probably will not even go . Scott sit and read he magazine . Tommy drop heavily into a chair . tommy whenever you be do , someone please give I a update on my sex life . charle how do " sex life " enter , if she might not be go , and if she do , it 's just as friend ? SAM wait , can you be on a date with someone you be not dating ? charle yes . no. tommy I do not think it be such a big deal ! ( to scott ) I just want to make sure it do not bother you . Scott look at he like , be you kid ? and go back to he magazine . Tommy look frustrated . 38 . max this conversation be start to bother I . CUT to : title card : white on black : " tuesday " 31 int . dark room ­ the next day 31 Max shake a tumbler as amanda keep time . amanda tire yet ? max this be ridiculous . what other art form involve industrial toxin and complex chemical reaction ? nobody ever get cancer from dance . amanda you be so paranoid . max I be serious . chemical make I very nervous . be not this how the unabomber get start ? he continue shaking . amanda Max , do I bother Scott when I be around ? max uh , boy , this fixer smell delicious ... amanda ` cuz , sometimes it seem like I do . I know he 's not , like , interested , but then , sometimes it seem like he be . I just do not want it to be awkward . please , tell I the truth . max I , uh , I mean , the truth be , it 's not a topic . it do not bother he , or we . or I mean , he do not talk about it . amanda so he never talk about I ? max yes , I mean , no , not with we , anyway . 39 . amanda I know it . max listen . all I be try to say be , you be not a topic that come up very often . amanda so with all the time we spend together , none of you have any opinion of I ?! amanda storm out of the room . max well , that 's not ... what I mean . oy . amanda return , still upset . amanda it 's time ! to unroll the film . Max , startle , fumble open the tumbler . max listen , amanda . Scott like you as much as we all do , so it do not leave much room for discussion . we mostly only talk about what we hate . amanda I know . it 's just sometimes , I wish ... max yeah , I know . amanda take the negative , open the door to a closet , hang they from a clothespin , and leave . Max take he , select a clothespin , and knock several other to the floor . he try to pick they up , and manage to step on they . amanda ( o.s. ) Max ? be you come ? he throw the crumpled negative in the closet and grab he bag . at the door , he notice one stick to he shoe . max shit ! he take the negative off he shoe , almost knock himself over , and hurry out . 40 . amanda ( o.s. ) why do it always take you so long in there ? 32 int . common room -- later 32 Max enter to find Sam play video hockey . max hey , remember the scene in swinger when they play this ? that be awesome . I love movie scene I can relate to . he sit down next to he . SAM yeah . be not there also a video hockey scene in mallrat ? max no , you be think of Chasing Amy . SAM which one have all the comic book stuff ? max they both do . SAM what about the Star Wars stuff ? max mallrat , clerk , and dogma . SAM what about the last one ? max do not count , it be just a ad for all he other film . SAM you gotta admit , it 's fuck cheap for a movie to refer to other movie . max why ? we do it real life . we be do it right now . what you be say be , if this be a movie , it would not be any good . SAM yeah . we life would make a awful movie . 41 . max but if we life be a movie , you would never be able to say that . you would be give the critic the perfect quote to pan it with . SAM so fuck what ? it 's a shitty movie ! Sam drop he controller and get up . max be you okay ? SAM how come you only play this one video game ? max video hockey be my game . like a swan , I mate for life . SAM more like the loon . Max look he over . max Holy shit , you and Jen break up . SAM yeah . you prediction finally come true . come on , let 's hit the bar . I need a drink . 33 int . coffee bar ­ day 33 a crummy collegiate dive . Sam and Max drink coffee . max okay , so what happen ? SAM we be just hang out , and she tell I she love I . completely out of the blue . she say thing like that sometimes , thing like " I love that you be my boyfriend , " ya know ? but usually when we be in bed or something . but this time it be different , all we be do be watch tv . max porn ? 42 . SAM almost . it be " we " show , the one we like to get romantic to ... 34 int . jen' dorm room ­ sam' flashback 34 Sam and Jen watch " the X - file . " Max stand , observe . Jen can not see he . SAM ( to max ) I be just tired of try to tell she what she want to hear all the time , so I try to be honest . ( to jen ) we have be together a long time and I really care about you , but I do not know if I love you . this be tough to say , but I think something might be miss from we relationship . jen something 's miss ? SAM well , not completely ... I do not know if I can explain it . see ... ( fumbling ) there be three thing I look for in a girl : heart , body , and mind . and well , you have get the body . Max be stunne and laugh . Jen be stunne , too , and run out . max ( to camera ) Jesus . you think you know someone pretty well and then they do something like this . SAM when she come back , she slap I in the face and make I leave . then she call , cry , and ask I to come over . when I go back , she kick I out and say she never want to see I again . max fifty buck say there 's a message on the machine when we get back . Max sit , and the background dissolves back to : 43. 35 int . coffee bar ­ present 35 SAM be it really so bad ? I could not lie to she . max do not you know that no matter how often girl tell you they want honesty , they never really mean it ? nobody do ! SAM look , I fuck up , alright ? I do not know what to say . max it 's too bad it end like this . I be really sorry . SAM I too . it will be hard to get use to , but at least we end it early . Sam throw some money on the table and they get up . SAM ( cont 'd ) hey , you know what I be in the mood for ? Annie Hall . max Jesus , that film ... -- have you hear Charles ' theory ? SAM come on , Max , I can only deal with one mid-life crisis at a time . max I can not believe you say that to she . that 's so cool . SAM you think ? max no . SAM gee , at least I can hang out with my friend again . 44 . 36 int . the pub ­ later that night 36 " New wave dance party " in the pub , the small , grungy club on campus . a dj play something obscure from the 80s . some people dance , while the rest , include Max , Charles , and Scott , sit at table by the coffee bar in the back . charle I be talk to amanda the other day . scott be that Thursday ? because there be that half hour when she do not call or visit . max Scott , why do not you go for she ? you seem to get along well . scott she follow I around now . if we sleep together , I would never get rid of she . max you be exaggerate . scott look at Sam and Jen . charle ouch . max bad example : it could never get that bad . charle ouch . scott then look at Charles and Sara . charle okay , ouch for real this time . Max look o.s. and go pale . max shit , she 's here . Julie walk through the crowd in they direction , but stop at another table , talk to friend . Max exhales slowly . charle that dame from History class ? 45 . max no . she 's , she 's just a girl . I should not have mention it . scott but you do mention it . charle ohhh , that 's the one from the party . max yeah . charle get she name yet ? max yeah , it 's " Julie " ... Julie . she 's cute , and she seem interesting , but I be sure she have all kind of horrible flaw I do not know about . charle uh-oh . this be bad . max what do you mean ? charle you be think about she . you be already make yourself nervous and you barely know she . you do this every time ! max I wonder if maybe I should go say hi . charle see , this be what I be talk about . if you do not go hit on she , I will . max do you know the guy she 's talk to ? scott yeah . the guy in the jacket be annoying . Julie see he . he freeze like a deer in headlight . max shit , shit , shit , she 's look this way . fuck . what should I ...? 46 . charle you have no choice . if you back away now , she will never get to see the rest of you annoying personality trait . max you be right . I can not deprive she of that . 37 int . the pub -- julie' table 37 Julie be with andy and MARK . Andy be you basic hippie , resplendent in a ridiculous green shag jacket . Mark have a cap and be wear a J Crew long - sleeve shirt over a Dave matthews Band t-shirt . Max approach . julie Max ! what 's go on ? max hey . julie do you guy know Max ? this be Mark ... MARK wassup . julie ... and Andy . andy hey Max , how 's it hang , bud ? max Fine . I , uh , really like you jacket . be that real carpet ? andy yeah , man . I could not believe my luck when I see it . this shade of shag be , like , so rare . I be like , woah ... MARK hey , be we gonna burn this or what ? andy yeah , man . hey , you guy be like all invite , if you can handle some kind bud ... " maui wowey , " you know ? 47 . max aloha ? 38 int . andy'' apartment ­ a little later 38 Mark , Julie , and Max sit around a wooden table in a small apartment 's kitchen . Andy put on a CD . andy hey man , you like Zappa ? max dweezil or Moon unit ? andy Frank . ( then get it , laugh ) man , that be not even funny . you should check out " apostrophe " some time . max " apostrophe " ? MARK it 's a album . max I think he be correct my grammar . MARK can I get anyone beer ? Julie ? julie sure . andy you know it . max okay . Mark distribute beer to everyone but Max . MARK sorry , Max , we do not have enough . max uh , yeah , sure . julie you want mine ? 48 . max no thanks . I be kinda picky about beer . I be more into stuff like guinness , bass , killian . MARK ( disdainful ) that 's so ... british . max it 's a coincidence , I swear . Julie have trouble open she beer . Mark rush over with he keychain . MARK I think guinness be go to be cool , but it suck . make I nauseous . andy dude , puke blow . that 's why I smoke weed . you get high right away and no hangover ! Andy pull out a baggie of marijuana , and rummages through the closet . max yeah , I do not know . give I pot be like let Richard simmon smoke crack . I be paranoid enough as it be . MARK yeah , well , some people just can not handle they bud . Mark glare disparagingly at he while Max pretend to examine the ceiling . Julie pull out cigarettes , light up . julie Andy , what be you look for ? Andy find it : a gigantic bong make from a vacuum cleaner . he set it up on the counter . max wow . I bet you could use that for yard work . andy Julie , you do not smoke either , right ? MARK really ? 49 . julie yeah . I use to , but when it become my social life I know I need to stop . max kind of like why I stop play dungeon and dragon . it be , uh , in sixth grade , but it be kind of similar . MARK why do not we go smoke in the live room ? andy oh , ampersand 's crash on the couch tonight . max " ampersand " ? what kind of name be that , esperanto ? andy well , he name be Mike , but he could not cope . he think it be , like , too square . he want a name that would tell people , here be a person that only the brave will understand ! here be a person live beyond the wall ! max he must have be listen to " apostrophe " at the time . andy or Prince , cuz , like , Prince 's name be a squiggly - thing . but Mike want something powerful , meaningful , and above all , something you could type . therefore , " ampersand . " it 's already on the keyboard and everything . max how much do that cost ? because I have a friend who want to change he name to not Bill . julie be he name Bill ? max no , not Bill . julie what about originally ? 50 . max originally he want to change it to something else . Mark step forward and push up a sleeve . MARK hey Julie , check out my new tattoo . he 's get a anchor on he right biceps . Max snicker . julie gee , Mark , that 's really cool . MARK I know it 's not what you suggest , but I need something more ... masculine . Max quietly whistle " popeye the sailor man . " MARK ( cont 'd ) you think you be pretty funny , huh ? max c'mon , I think hippie be mellow . MARK you just call I a hippie ? max sorry , popeye , I guess I be throw by the Dave matthews merchandise . MARK I be in a frat , geek . max well should not you be back there date - raping someone ? MARK Julie , where do you find this creep ? Max and Mark both look to Julie - - she must pick a side . she pull on she cigarette , then turn to Mark . julie Mark , lay off . go take a hit off the Hoover and mellow out . ( turn to Max ) Max , I be sorry . max hey , it 's okay . I be cool . 51 . he take a beer from the table , fumble , and drop it . julie Nah , it 's time . it 's get late anyway . she put out she cigarette and grab she coat . 39 ext . julie' dorm ­ night 39 Max and Julie approach shelly Hall . max so you live here , huh ? do it bother you to be in a all - female dorm ? julie no , well , a little , sure . but there be always man around . during fire drill , more guy come out than girl . never the same one either . they come and go . max I bet they do . Julie catch herself and laugh . Max share a smile with she in the doorway . julie I have a good time tonight , but next time , let 's have some real fun . max oh , fine , uh , next time I will bring Jack nicholson and a case of schnapp . julie good night , Max . Julie enter the dorm . Max watch she through the glass . CUT to : title card : white on black : " wednesday " match dissolve to : close up of a schedule 's column head : " Wednesday " pull back to reveal : 52 . 40 int . hallway outside the radio station ­ day 40 Max read the schedule on the door . his watch say 11 be ; he find Wednesday 11 be : " julio 's death Metal jamboree . " he peek behind the door -- the station be empty . he start to slip inside when ... beth ( o.s. ) Max ! he whirl , close the door guiltily . Beth come down the hall , laden with book . max uh , hi ... beth it be great run into you friend , but ... you know ... I feel bad about what I say . do you want to get together later ? max I do not know , I be sure I have something to do that I have forget . beth come on , it 's bad enough we fall out of touch , but we can not even have lunch ? max we have breakfast . beth every time we try to do anything , you have a excuse , or forget to show up , or you cancel . max you cancel on I , too . beth I be sorry . thing have be a little , you know , awkward . max look , the whole thing be my fault . let 's drop it , okay ? Beth throw up she hand , turn away . max ( cont 'd ) okay , lunch , you win . 53. beth now you be only go because I give you a hard time . max guilt be a powerful force . just be glad it 's on we side for once . beth okay , how be the kidney bean at noon ? max awful , just like every other time of day . they food be just birdseed prepare fancy . beth the fabulous diner , then . Friday at noon ? max Fine . she leave . Max find he old slot on the schedule and cross it out . then he slip into the station . 41 ext . cvs 41 a shitbox pull up . Sam drive , Max ride shotgun . Scott and amanda be in back . amanda and then I get to think , you know , I really think I like vanilla . Sam turn off the car . SAM I will be right back . max I too . they get out and go into the store . 42 int . cvs 42 they enter a aisle and Sam grab various item as he talk . SAM Jen call yesterday , while we be at the bar . max you call she back ? 54 . SAM yeah . I go over there to talk again today . she 's take it hard . max imagine that . SAM we be have dinner tonight . wanna come ? max do not put I in the middle of this . be you definitely break up ? because it seem a little up in the air . SAM yeah , we be definitely break up . I guess sometimes it seem like we be slide back into we old pattern . he take some vaseline from a shelf . Max look horrify . SAM ( cont 'd ) it 's not what you think . I need a petroleum jelly for the polymer class I be ta-ing . suddenly a rack of condom catch he eye . Max see it too . max do not even think of it . SAM what - the-heck . he take a box . his arm be totally full now . SAM ( cont 'd ) I need a basket . hold this . he dump he pile of stuff into Max 's arm , the vaseline and condom on top , and disappear around a corner . Max sigh , turn around ... and bump into Julie . julie hello ... Big night ? max um , it 's for a friend . julie I would hope so . 55 . max no , seriously , I just get a job at a petting zoo . julie ( laughing ) oh , of course . max and the best part be , it 's work study . I think the psych . department 's involved . julie hey , that 's my new major . I get so sick of soc. max so , uh , get any plan tonight ? julie well , there 's a great local band play the pub . you should come . max um , sure . might be cool to catch a band before success ruin they . julie great . I will see you there . she leave with a wave . Sam turn the other corner . SAM no basket . max I can not believe what you just do to I ! SAM what ? max Julie be just here ! SAM who 's Julie ? suddenly , Scott arrive . scott hi . I need sock . 56 . max what be you do sit in the car then ? scott nothing . 43 ext . cvs ­ flashback 43 the car pull up . SAM I will be right back . max I too . they leave . amanda and Scott be alone in the back . amanda look tense . amanda Scott , can I ask you something ? scott okay . amanda it 's just that , sometimes , you be really cool and other time you act like I be not even here . or like you do not want I around . scott yeah . amanda well , I be wonder if ... never mind . scott okay . a moment pass . amanda all right , look , I be just go to come right out with it . I think I like you . I think I , I really like you . scott I know . as she open she mouth , Scott open the car door and exit . 57 . 44 int . cvs ­ present 44 scott so where be the sock ? 45 int . pub ­ that night 45 a absurd metal band play on-stage . the room be pack , and the crowd be mostly one big mosh pit . Max wade through the slamdancer , freak . he make it to the coffee bar . Julie soon appear , sweaty . she 's be here awhile . julie hey ! max oh , hey ! it 's good to see you . the surging crowd shove Max into Julie . they fall against each other . Max be near panic but Julie 's laugh , get off on the energy of the room . the singer smashes the mic against the wall , then brandish the stand menacingly at the crowd , who step back in alarm . max ( cont 'd ) who be this guy ? julie they're anhedonia . they be " sludge-core . " singer you be all a part of the conspiracy ! you be all human ! every one of you wear diaper ! you be all full of shit ! the singer storm off . the band follow . the crowd applaud with some confusion . Julie whistle loudly and clap . julie that 's they trademark . they insult the crowd at the end of the set . sometimes he break the mike two song in . we be lucky : they play for almost 40 minute . max luck have nothing to do with it . 58 . julie look , the mike 's not even break . they be just tired of play , but they want to give we something to remember . now that 's showmanship . max you have to wonder about any band whose highlight be they exit . julie it work for the who . max I be sorry , the who ? julie ha ha . come on , be that the kind of a joke a celebrity dj would make ? max I still can not believe you tune in . it 's like a invasion of privacy . julie you be a riot . let 's get out of here . she pull he away . 46 int . study lounge ­ university CENTER ­ minute later 46 the lounge be empty . Julie sit on a couch . Max sit next to she , but seem uptight about get too close . max so , uh , I be sorry about that thing with , uh , chip be it ? julie oh , Mark . he 's be follow I around for year . he 's easily threaten . max he 's lucky , I , uh , almost pull a Jackie Chan on he ass , but , you know , my kung - fu 's get rusty since I leave the Hong Kong military . julie do not worry about he , he be not a threat . you be far more interesting . 59 . max right . ask I not to worry be like ask a bear to use toilet paper . there 's this joke that sum it up for I ... Julie lean in and look at he with intensity . julie you be not fool I , you know . I can see right through this aloof image . max what ? julie it 's not a insult . I get the sense that there 's this whole other side of you personality . max I hope he 's a better dancer . julie see , this be the side you show , play everything off as a joke whenever thing get serious . but there 's more to you . max do I ever tell you about the bear and the rabbit in the wood --? julie Quick . now . tell I something about yourself , something I never would have guess . and do not even try to come up with some witty retort . Max , agape , be on the spot , helpless . Julie grab she coat . julie ( cont 'd ) I should get go . she stand . max wait . she sit . max ( cont 'd ) okay . okay . ( a deep breath ) we barely know each other , but you be all I think about . 60 . julie ( off -balance , cover ) I say something I never would have guess . max oh , thanks . I bare my soul and now you be the funny one . julie sorry . that be not quite what I be look for . max now it 's you turn , right ? julie let 's see . okay , here 's one : I have a boyfriend . max fuck . I sure have not guess that . julie okay , well , not anymore . Eric and I be together in high school , but we break up over break . max since high school , wow . julie yeah . he 's kind of a jerk . it be all a waste of time . sometimes I , I , I do not know , Max , why do not you have a girlfriend ? max ( on the spot ) uh , I have a friend who say it 's because I watch Annie Hall too much . julie that 's crazy . max exactly . that film practically raise I . julie and it have a very positive message , too . I wish more guy be into it . max be careful what you wish for . 61 . julie you do not know what I be wishing for . max snowtire ? julie Max , there be a lot of girl that would go for a guy like you . max know any ? julie this be one of that moment , in a movie , when a character have a chance to say something , and of course they do , and it 's perfect , and it become a movie moment . Julie start to lean in . suddenly , the build manager walk in . he 's a dead ringer for Woody Allen . Max start violently . manager Building 's close . everyone out . he exit . Max be beside himself . Julie see that the moment 's over and get up . julie be you hungry at all ? max sure . I know this place . they food be bad , but they compensate by be overpriced . julie sound perfect . they walk out . max say , do that guy look like ...? julie Ernest borgnine ? yeah , I notice that too . 47 int . julie' car -- night 47 Max be relaxed and chat while Julie drive . 62 . max I have be able to do it since high school . julie that 's a scary gift . I mean , even if people be destine to break up , the will to stay together be very powerful . max that 's the real tragedy . look at all the unhappy couple in the world . julie I do not know if you gift be really that special , Max . I mean , we break up with everyone we ever date ... until the one we stay with forever . max see how ridiculous dating be ? julie how do you get this attitude if you love Annie Hall ? max what do you mean ? that 's what Annie 's all about . Julie look dubious . Max flick on the radio . dj ... " college radio for the mass , " and that 's it for I . ( sound of CD fall ) whoops ! anyway , next up be verbal diarrhea , with Todd Duke . max why be you radio set to the campus station ? julie actually , it 's stick on it . it 's how I first hear you show . max I think Beth tell you about I . julie it do not matter , Max . now that I have meet you , you show 's not important . 63. 48 int . pretentious cafe ­ a little later 48 the kind of place that 's perfect for Parents weekend . at this late hour , it be fill with young professional . there 's a dance floor , where couple dance to the standard . Max and Julie be at a table in the corner , look out of place . julie ( smirking ) this be a nice place . ritzy . interesting mix of people here , you have get this man with they suit , take they waitress girlfriend out to impress they into bed , because they can not get they any other way . really , as if a fast car can ever make up for a small dick . max if it do , do you think I would be here ? I would be down at the porsche dealer with a ski mask and a uzi. julie guy , always obsessed with dick size . max well , sure , there 's that , but it would also be nice to have a car with a heater . julie let 's guess which couple be destine to break up . how about they ? indicate a couple dance . max no , I can not tell just by look . I need some info . they waitress , donna , arrive . julie hi ! do you have a boyfriend ? Max be aghast . donna stare a beat . donna yeah . julie ( to max ) what do you need to know ? 64 . max uh , just a description . julie describe he for we . it 's okay , I be a psyche major . donna well , he 's tall ... ish. Brown hair . funny . very friendly . fix car . Close with he brother . uh , what else ? believe in God . have a sweet tooth . uh ... max that 's plenty . donna so can I take you order ? julie we be not ready , thanks . donna put she pad away . donna so what be that all about then ? julie Max here think you be go to break up with you boyfriend . donna what ? max sorry . it 's all in there . you qualified " tall " so as not to make he appear too handsome , say " friendly " like a euphemism , choose " fix car " instead of the more dignify " auto mechanic , " and finally , mention he brother á propos of nothing , like you be threaten by he . the waitress look like she 's be slap . after a pause , she turn she back and walk away . julie hey ! do not shoot the messenger ! max I be such a idiot . she 's go to shit in we food now . I can not believe you ask she that . 65 . julie hey , we be all people here , right ? if you want to talk to someone , talk to they . I do not spend my time try to justify talk to people or whatever . you limit yourself if you do that . if you spend too much time worry , you do not spend enough time live , right ? max what be you , a fortune cookie ? julie you have to keep yourself open to possibility in life . I be the first one in my family to go to college . sometimes I can not believe I be here , at a semi- prestigious university get a halfway - decent education -- this have always be my dream . how do you end up here ? max I have a coupon . julie I know what you mean , financial aid be a bitch . and the university experience itself be kind of disappoint . all that rich student with no idea how lucky they be . but I do not think about they . I think about I , I think about where I want to be someday : a world traveler , run some huge company , or , you know , do some fantastically important work . and when the day come that I can relax , I be go to charter a boat , sail around the world , and see the Seven wonder . max I think they break up when stevie leave . julie come on , be not you curious about the world ? do not the sheer scope of life fill you with wonder ? max wonder , horror , it 's such a fine line ... julie ah , Max ... but she 's smile at he , and he can not help but return it . 66 . 49 int . common room -- night 49 Tommy sleep while the tv proclaim golf product . Max come in and quietly shut it off . Tommy gurgle and roll over . tommy ... swallow a bug ... Max go to he room . Sam 's bed be empty . he shake he head , pick up a key from he desk , and leave . dissolve to : 50 int . limbo radio 50 Max sit on a stool , as in the beginning , but this time we be pushing in ... max sometimes I look around and wonder where the hell my friend come from . 51 int . common room -- flashback 51 Tommy and Sam be in each other 's face , yell . Tommy wave a book and Sam wave a newspaper . max ( v.o. ) like , the other night Tommy and Sam nearly get into a fistfight over whether the X - file be base on a true story . 52 int . bathroom -- flashback 52 Charles make out with a girl in a stall cover in color paper . she have a cigarette on a black hold stem , which brushes the paper . max ( v.o. ) before that , Scott cover the entire bathroom in multi-color post - it note , which Charles somehow set on fire , nearly get we kick out of housing . 53 int . common room -- flashback 53 Max , Sam , Scott , and Tommy be there , read fanclub newsletter : x-phile , font-ain of youth , Men be from Mars woman from venus . Charles walk in , arm in arm with a woman who be obviously a professor , and escort she to he room . max ( v.o. ) they be great friend . I feel safer among they than among my own family . [ more ] 67 . max ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) they always know what not to say , how not to make thing uncomfortable . after a beat , the group resume read like nothing happen ... except Max , who can not believe what he just see . 54 int . radio station ( limbo ) 54 Max in close -up . over he shoulder , image of Beth argue with he from various moment in they history . max even when Beth be part of the group , she do not fit in . like , she never just let thing be . she always have to know exactly what I be think . it be sort of cute when we be friend , but now it 's like a proctology exam . ( sigh ) hard to imagine a friendship go more wrong . the image of Beth stop on a shot of she look at he with undisguise disappointment . she dissolves into a image of Julie , beam . max ( cont 'd ) ah , but Julie . juliejuliejulie . she 's smart , she 's funny , be not constantly hassling I . how she can stay such a dreamer be beyond I ... hey , I wonder if she 's listen now . the think stop he cold . the image over he shoulder vanish , replace with a plain cement wall . 55 int . radio station 55 we zoom out fast . Max be back in reality , the station crowded and claustrophobic . he try to regroup . max ( tap the mike ) hello ? uh , Julie ...? ( clear he throat ) so , uh , as I be say ... um . my friend . yeah . my friend be weird . shit . ( long pause ) I think it 's time for some music . he grab for a CD . CUT to : title card : white on black : " thursday " 68 . 56 int . U.C. general store 56 Max and Charles stir they coffee . charle fuckin ' hate this flavor shit . anyway , I can not believe the cat in the shag jacket be Andy . max I do not want to talk about it . charle when I know he as a freshman , he be pre - law ... whew . anyway , it sound like thing be go well between you and Julie . max yeah . this be a real change of pace . stay away from Annie Hall be like some kind of magic trick . charle I be wonder about that . you seem different lately . max you know how when thing be go badly , there be certain part I like to watch ? charle like how you spend you whole sophomore year watch that lobster scene on repeat ? max I realize that I do not know what part to watch when thing be go well . charle you know , I actually regret mention that theory . in fact , Sam and I be think of watch it tonight . you in ? max be you on crack ? I meet a girl I really like , that I may actually have a chance with , and you want I to put it all in jeopardy ? charle come on . watch it without you would be weird . unnatural . that film be you , Max , face it . 69 . max but it 's ruin my life . Charles drink he coffee and shake he head . charle listen , Max . I have to tell you something . I score last night . max see ? the theory work for you , too . charle with Beth . Max drop he coffee , thunderstruck . max what ?! charle it be not premeditate . max ( angry ) how could you sleep with Beth ? charle look , nobody know about it . it will not happen again . max Happen again ? of course not ! that might constitute a relationship ! Max be at a loss . the cashier look over suspiciously . charle I be sorry , Max . I be not sure if you would care . max I do not care ! oh God , this be my fault ! if only I have not call she ... charle what do you want I to say ? I be sorry , man . let I pay for you coffee . max you have gotta be kid . he start to leave . 70 . charle go back to the suite ? max I dunno where I be go . 57 ext . campus theater ­ day 57 Max , distress , pass the campus theater , where someone be tack up a poster for Annie Hall . Max see it and avert he eye . 58 ext . kidney bean -- day 58 he walk past the kidney bean . something catch he eye through the window . he change direction and enter . 59 int . kidney bean -- day 59 Max see Beth eat alone at a table , read a Tom robbin book . he walk over . Beth be not thrilled to see he . beth Max ? what be you do here ? a sudden craving for bird - seed ? max yeah . I figure I would have enough actual food this week . beth well , be careful , someone in the corner be eat egg salad . Max sit down across from she . after a awkward pause : beth ( cont 'd ) be you okay ? max yeah , why ? beth no reason . something about you sound different . max what ? now ? beth no , actually , last night on the ... oh no , he 's here . 71 . max but I just leave he in the General store ... but she be not talk about Charles : she 's look across the room at steve , a good-look guy who be talk to a girl . beth who be he with ? he never call I anymore . I think he might be see someone . have you hear anything ? max I do not even know he . what 's so special about this guy , anyway ? I mean , be you and he ...? beth sort of . well , no , I guess not . ( distracted ) I know something 's go on . I be such a fool . why be we always attract to people that be completely wrong for we ? be it because they excite we ? max I guess so . you know , we should try to be more exciting . like the other day , I wait until the last minute before return a video . and next time , I swear I be not go to rewind . beth I can be a rebel too . the other day I go to bed without floss . max Boy , be we pathetic . beth okay , it 's pathetic , but we be okay , you know ? but sometimes , I feel like ... max yeah . I too . she put on she coat and gather she thing on she tray . beth I be glad you be here , Max . I do not realize how much I miss you . 72 . max I feel the same way about the sex pistol . miss they be far cooler than have they around . beth that 's not what I mean , Max . she head for the exit . 60 int . common room -- evening 60 Sam look dubiously at Max , who wave he arm and shout . max what do you mean , you see Julie with someone ? SAM just that . nothing more . max so what be you say ? SAM nothing . they be have lunch . max who be he ? what do he look like ? SAM you be over-react . max how could she see someone else ? SAM you be not even dating ! max but we might be ! I can not handle competition , Sam , I be not the competitive type . SAM it be just lunch in the cafeteria . he look completely normal . max I can not compete with that ! ( he fumble with he coat ) man , it 's all go so wrong , so fast . he rush out the door . 73. 61 int . dorm hallway ­ shelly hall 61 Max knock on the door to Julie 's suite . nothing . he pace , frustrated . suddenly , judy come out of a stairwell . judy hello ? can I help you ? max yeah , do you know where Julie be ? judy hey ! be you Max ? max yeah ... judy oh wow ! you be just like she describe . hi , I be Judy . I be sure she mention I all the time . max oh , yeah , Judy . right . Judy unlock the door and hold it open . judy come in , come in . make yourself at home . max uh , thanks . 62 int . julie' suite 62 Max enter cautiously . the common room could not be more different than he own , clean and tasteful . Judy hang she coat up . judy this may be completely inappropriate , but can I ask you something ? the tattoo­ do it hurt ? max ( thinking fast ) uhhhh ... no ! I mean , not much . judy why do not you use you frat 's logo ? 74 . max well , uh , the guy say it 's too hard to draw two grow man kissing . say , which one be Julie 's room ? judy on the leave . she 's get the single . Max push Julie 's door open with one hand while keep a eye on the front door . max so ...! uh , do I come here often , would you say ? judy ( o.s. ) what ? the front door open and Julie enter . julie Max ! what be you do here ? max Judy let I in ! Judy come out of she room . judy you know , I think I be go to get a tattoo , too . julie Judy , Mark have the tattoo . this be Max . judy what ? you be Max ? julie yeah , be not he great ? judy sure . glaring at he , she go into she room and close the door . julie what a surprise ! what bring you here ? max I be , uh , in the area and think I would pop in . find out how you day go . 75 . julie it be excellent , how be yours ? max great . I have lunch with a dear , dear friend . julie yeah ? anyone I know ? max probably not . she 's a foreign exchange student . spend a lot of time modeling . julie really ? max yeah , the agency will not leave she alone . we have , uh , quite a lunch . lot of shellfish , and wine . and , uh , rhino 's horn . julie for lunch ? max well , yeah , uh , she 's on the kosher meal plan . look , I gotta go . Nice see you again . he split , leave Julie wonder what that be all about . 63 ext . julie' dorm ­ night 63 outside , Max beat himself in the forehead several time . then , a picture of misery , he trudge off -- 64 int . radio station 64 he walk in on someone do a show . he leave dejectedly . 65 int . common room 65 he go back to he suite , where Sam and Jen sit like statue , watch " the X - file . " he make a quick exit . 66 ext . julie' dorm ­ night 66 pass by Julie 's dorm again . 67 ext . university CENTER ­ night 67 eventually find himself approach the University Center . 76 . 68 int . the pub ­ night 68 a ska band play " this boot be make for walk " before two small line of skanking rude boy . Charles be alone at the bar . Max sit down beside he . max I just make a ass of myself . charle oh , be it the weekend already ? max ha-ha . charle do not worry about it . you trouble do not compare . Sara blow up at stacy and nearly destroy we first rehearsal . max yeah , you have get real problem . do you have time to talk ? charle uh-oh , here she come . SARA Charles ! can you believe stacy at rehearsal ?! she jump on the stool next to he . Charles turn to Max for help but he 's already go . CUT to : title card : white on black : " friday " 69 int . common room -- the next morning 69 Max play video hockey . Charles come in . charle study for a test ? max you should not talk , theater major . charle hey , I have a test on lighting next week that will make you hair go grey . he sprawl on the couch . 77 . charle ( cont 'd ) thanks for bail on I last night . I have to hear Sara gab for a hour . max why do not you just leave ? at least you can escape you problem . charle what do you mean ? max I just get my textbooks for this term . Max hold up a thick book , Post -modern semiology . the entire cover be a still from Annie Hall . charle Holy shit . max when the god give you a sign like that , there 's only one thing to do . he pass a controller to Charles and they play . charle by the way , I see Julie last night . max be she alone ? charle not if you count this huge purse she have . she be rummage through it and finally have to dump the thing out . I swear , I be surprised Kennedy 's brain do not fall out of that thing . anyway , it make I think of Annie Hall . max oh , great . charle although Julie dress better . Max slowly lower he controller . max what be you say , I like she because she 's like Annie Hall ? charle I do not say that . 78 . max oh my God , I think you be right . charle I do not say that . max I do not want to like someone because she remind I of someone in a movie . now I be wonder why I like she . maybe I do not . charle good Lord , Max . take some harder class . Sam return , see what they be play . SAM look at you two . would not something else be fun for a change ? how about goldeneye ? charle great game . max no . I do not know how to play it . SAM lucky for you , I actually have time to teach you . normally I would be have lunch with jen. max oh , shit , I forget about lunch ! Max get up and run out . Charles and Sam exchange a look . SAM man , he will do anything to avoid change , will not he ? 70 int . the fabulous diner ­ day 70 Beth be alone , work on a salad . Max run up and jump into the booth . beth ( not look up ) so glad you could make it . max hey , I be here , right ? beth thank God for small favor . 79 . max I be sorry . be you still upset about the thing with Steve ? beth yeah , a little . this semester be not shaping up too well . it 's tough get back into the groove of thing and , you know , be on campus . yourself ? max well , you know . nothing even worth mention . beth but there 's something ? really ? max it 's nothing . beth who be it ? do I know she ? max actually , um , yeah , it 's Julie . beth Julie ! she 's great . why be not you thrilled ? max well , I be not sure I be that into she . beth this I gotta hear . max she remind everyone of Annie Hall . beth well , of course , why do you think I send she to you ? max God , I be such a idiot ! that film be find more and more way to ruin my life . Max pound he head against the table but Beth be amused . beth what be you talk about ? 80 . max look at my life . look at this thing with Julie . beth jeez , she 's not like Annie when the film start , she 's like Annie at the end . or maybe , the millennium edition . max the worst part be , maybe I know this all along . beth Max , what 's really the problem here ? max and Annie Hall 's not even my type . beth you have a type ? max I be into biped with most of they tooth . no lutheran or fictional character . beth who would you rather sleep with , Julie or Annie Hall ? max that 's not two choice , that 's one . beth okay , Annie Hall or I ? Max knock over she soda . beth ( cont 'd ) stop delay . this be a serious hypothetical question . max well , I must admit , it would be ... Annie Hall . Beth snort , then laugh . max ( cont 'd ) do not feel bad , you come in second . beth I will take what I can get . 81 . max it 's only because you would laugh at more of my joke in bed . it add a whole other dimension -- you would be laugh with I in addition to at I . beth you joke while you be in bed ? max yeah . beth that 's so weird . max I be weird . beth no , it 's weird because I do the same thing . guy find it annoying . max Girls think I be a loser . beth Julie do not . and you really like she . max yeah . it 's corny , but there 's something about she that bring I happiness . beth happiness ? Max , you would not know what to do with it if you have it . 71 int . common room -- night 71 Max frantically clean up all the pizza box , wrapper , and empty . Charles lean on the wall , arm cross . charle you have gotta be kid . max look , either go somewhere else , or stay in you room . charle can not I even meet she ? max you already do . 82. Max stuff the trash with paper , squirt lighter fluid all over it , and take Annie Hall from the shelf . charle what be you do ? max Julie 's come over to watch a movie . I do not want to take any chance . he carry the tape over the trash but Charles snatch it from he . charle dude , Sam and I be gonna watch that . annoy , he put it back on the shelf and go to he room . the doorbell ring . Max smooth he hair one last time ... dissolve to : 72 int . common room -- night -- later 72 Max and Julie browse a shelf full of video . max since Scott join a video club , we have get a lot of shitty movie you will ever oo , here 's buffalo ` 66 , that 's a need . great flick . julie it be , but I see it a couple of week ago . I do not think I can sit through it again . you mention something about Annie Hall the other night . do you have that lie around ? max ummm , no . julie be not that it on the end there ? max no . julie sure it be . max um , no , it 's just the box . the tape inside be wrestle . 83. julie no , it be not . max um , it 's be record over ... julie you do not believe you friend 's theory , right ? max no , of course not . julie because it 's insulting . a cop-out . max I , I know , it 's just , I watch it last week . how about airplane ? julie oh , good idea . but next time , Annie Hall . Max put in airplane . Julie and Max sit on a couch together . dissolve to : 73 int . common room -- night -- later 73 airplane play . Julie and Max share a blanket . Max turn toward Julie just as she turn toward he , and they lip end up in the same place . Julie pull back . julie what be you­ ? max huh ? julie why do you back away ? max why do you ? julie it be not I , I would not have back away . max really ? I will , I will have to remember that later . 84 . Max turn back to the movie . a beat pass . Julie look at he , amused . max ( cont 'd ) actually , my memory 's not what it use to be . if I do not act on this information now ... they kiss . Max pull the blanket up over they . the sound of kissing . then : julie ow . max sorry . julie no , it 's okay . more kissing . max be you comfortable , I mean , be this okay ? julie it 's okay . shut up already . suddenly , the sound of a lock turning . Max and Julie quickly get out from under the cover . Sam and Tommy enter , oblivious to the quick recovery of innocence on the couch . tommy you be crazy ! you know how important you sense of smell be ? SAM come on ! what about touch ? miss the smell of rotting milk be hardly equal to not be able to enjoy sex . ( seeing they ) oh , hey , Max . max hey . guy , um , this be Julie . Julie , this be my roommate Sam , and that 's Tommy , who also life here . julie Nice to meet you guy , but I be just leave . 85 . max what ? julie I have work to do before class tomorrow . max but the movie be ... okay . do you want I to walk you home ? julie sure , all right . boy , nice to meet you . Max leave with Julie . tommy bye . ( to SAM ) okay , so what about body odor , then ? 74 int . julie' room 74 Max and Julie collapse onto the pillow , exhaust from sex . her room be extremely disorganize , decorate in a idiosyncratic mix of punk rock icon and nature scenery . julie I wish I have a cigarette . max I wish I smoke . julie I too . it 's strangely sexy when guy smoke . max yeah , and it 's the only thing between I and my dream of become Steve mcqueen . they lie in each other 's warmth , under the blanket . julie so. you and Beth be pretty close , huh ? max you call that pillow talk ? ( shrug ) we use to be . there be time I would have be lose without she . other time , it be like the lose lead the lose . julie she really care about you . 86 . max we try something once , but it be a disaster . julie it 's great that you be still friend . max sometimes I be not sure if I have a say in it . on a campus this small , it 's like she 's everywhere . julie sometimes this place annoys I . there 's so much bullshit . my semester off be the right idea . what happen to old - fashioned hard work ? max that 's what summer be for . the school year be for reckless debauchery . Max look at the clock . max ( cont 'd ) Jesus , I have to get go . I will never get my homework do if I sleep all weekend . ah , fuck it , who care . julie why not just set you tuition on fire ? max this , come from the girl who think college be bullshit . Max just lie there , comfortably rest with a small smile . julie so , get on up , lazy . Max sit up and put one foot on the floor before realize he will be naked if he stand . he try to grab he jeans with he toe . Julie observe he dryly . julie ( cont 'd ) how can you be shy , after , you know ...? max it 's different . some thing be not quite as impressive in the light of day . julie you have a problem with nudity . 87 . max of course not . I be a big fan of it . Max pick up he pants . Julie tap he on the shoulder and flick the sheet up to flash he . he start and drop they . she laugh . julie it 's too easy . Max put he jeans on , shove he underwear and sock in he pocket . max what be you do tomorrow ? julie a double -shift , I get out at five . this week 's gonna suck . I have homework that can not be avoid . max the worst kind . Max be dress . they smooch . Max leave . Julie lie in bed , thoughtful . Nick cave begin to croon " into my arm " ... 75 ext . julie' dorm -- sunrise 75 Max leave the building and stop to look at the winter sunrise . super : black on white : " saturday " I do not believe in a interventionist God but I know , darling that you do 76 ext . library -- sunrise 76 student work in the library as light refract through icicle in the window . but if I do I would kneel down and ask him not to intervene when it come to you 88. 77 ext . STREET -- sunrise 77 a boy and a girl hold hand as they cross a icy street . 78 ext . quad -- sunrise 78 Squirrels play in the light . 79 ext . university CENTER -- sunrise 79 the sun reflect off the University Center window and back onto the snow . not to touch a hair on you head to leave you as you be but if he feel he have to direct you direct you into my arm ... 80 int . radio station 80 the light be low . Max be at the console , stare into space . Nick cave be play softly on the monitor . into my arm ... oh Lord ... into my arm ... oh Lord ... the phone ring . Max snap out of he reverie and stare at it in horror . after several ring , he answer it . max hello . nobody be here right now . please leave a message . beeeeeeep . split screen between Max and 81 int . julie' room 81 Julie , in bed , smoking . julie Nice try , Max . I think you have homework and stuff , you liar . great song , by the way . max you be listen ? I tell you not to listen ! julie come on , you be funny , you have good taste in music ... max hey , where would the music go ? 89 . 82 int . dorm room -- continuous 82 two student , lie in bed together , listen to the radio . julie ( o.s. ) ( on the radio ) I do not know . max ( o.s. ) ( on the radio ) I do not get it , it stop when I pick up the phone . 83 int . radio station -- continuous 83 Max push up a slider and hear the follow come out over the monitor : julie ( o.s. ) I be just call to say that you leave you underpant and take mine . Max react , then screeching feedback rip over the airwave . max woah ! continue split screen with 84 int . julie' room 84 where Julie be frantically pull the chord out of the back of she radio . Max fade the phone out , the music up . max do not be too proud of you five second of fame . more people would hear we if we shout out the window . julie my radio day be over , I be now deaf . max do not I tell you not to listen to my show ? julie you be only play music . max well , all this song be about you . 90 . julie wow ... you be a real piece of work , you know that , Max ? 85 int . max and sam' room ­ morning 85 Max enter and take off he coat . Sam sit up , annoyed . max man , I be sorry . go back to sleep . SAM what 's the point ? I have to be up in 15 minute anyway . not that I could sleep . max I do not sleep either , but for some reason I be still refresh . I feel great . Sam stare at he . SAM what the fuck be you problem ? max it 's Julie . last night we officially become a couple . SAM officially ? max we hook up . SAM that do not mean anything . max it mean something to I . Sam consider he . SAM I do not believe you . just last week you tell I the happy should be quarantine . I do not know you anymore . max still down about Jen , huh ? SAM we break up for good last night . he get out of bed and start dress . 91 . max oh , man , I be sorry . SAM I think I know what I be do . ever since she become my girlfriend , I have feel more and more constrict . like I be trap under the weight of the label . " my girlfriend . " " her boyfriend . " max you guy be together a long time . SAM yeah , we be . max have fun in Saturday lab . SAM ah , eat shit and die . 86 int . common room -- hour later 86 Max be alone , play " goldeneye " with a dopey smile on he face . Charles come in , roll of blueprint under he arm . charle what 's this , " goldeneye " ? Charles sit and they play against each other . max yeah ... charle have you be here all day ? max yeah , this game 's so much fun . charle Max , gotta tell you , you be really creep I out . Tommy come out of he room , dress in a shirt and tie . max Sam say the same thing . he 's still depressed . charle still can not believe he break up with jen. I see she yesterday and she look sad . [ more ] 92 . charle ( cont 'd ) I ask she how she be do , and she say " Fine , " and ask I why I be ask . max a non-denial denial . I invent that . she 's learn from the best . tommy I see she , too . she do not seem upset to I . Charles kill Max with a rocket launcher . charle I be hang with Sara . that girl piss I off ! she will say the dumbest thing , like , the breeder be better than the Beatles . max happiness be a warm gun . charle I would not go that far . she 's just a daffy dame , that 's all . now , stacy 's foxy , but she 's too serious . max what about Beth ? charle what about she ? Sam come in , totally morose . silently , he join they in three - player mode , then quickly kill himself with a rocket launcher . max you just come from Jen 's , huh ? SAM yeah , we just break up for good . charle oh , man , I be sorry . be it you or she ? SAM me. us. both . it be just time , I guess . ( put down the joystick ) I have to go , uh , mail a letter or something . he put on he coat and leave . Charles , Tommy , and Max exchange look . Max turn off the game . 93. max well , that take the wind out of my sail . charle ( noticing tommy ) what 's up with you ? get another date with amanda ? tommy it be not a date . charle a no - show , huh ? tommy yeah , but it 's okay . today 's she birthday , and she invite I out for dinner at a nice restaurant . charle she invite all of we . tommy oh ? well , that 's cool , too . max it 's barely lunch , why be you dress up ? tommy I do not want to wait till the last minute to pick out my clothes . charle be you really wear that tie ? tommy damn , I know this be the wrong one ! he run into he room . Charles laugh at he . max I do not wanna go to a birthday party . I be break , and I wanna hang out with Julie . charle so take she . and pray Sara 's not there . 87 ext . campus parking lot ­ evening 87 Max and Julie walk through the snow together , toward a parking lot . she 's take deep drag off a cigarette . 94 . julie this have be some crazy week . I still have a six page paper due Monday . max six page ? that 's nothing . triple space , in 14 point type , that 's only like 500 word . if a picture 's worth a thousand word , that 's like a bad photocopy . julie do not worry about it , I need a break . good to get out and enjoy the weather . max what be you , from Maine ? julie no . max phew , because I do not know if I would be able to handle something like that . that 's a hard thing to drop on a person . julie I be from northern vermont . not too far from Canada . max shit , I be sorry . julie it suck but I manage . read a lot . have a few close friend . that 's all you need . it 's quiet up there , dull but nice . max it sound it . they get to she car , and he surprise she by kissing she . she respond , after a hesitation . 88 int . julie' car ­ evening 88 Max sit tensely in the passenger seat . max look out for that truck ! the truck 's about two block away . julie will you relax ? I know how to drive . 95 . max watch the driveway ! julie ( annoyed ) I have get it under control , Max ! max anyway , everyone 's die to meet you . julie oh , yeah ? she drag on she cigarette . max this be go to be fun . all my friend , meeting my girlfriend . it 's go to be great . julie do you just call I you girlfriend ? max uh , yeah ... julie ( consider ) ah well , I guess that 's alright . boyfriend . she look at Max and smile . 89 int . pretentious cafe -- evening 89 we pan around a long table : Beth at one end , then Jen and Sam , Charles ( look annoyed ) and Sara , Tommy at the other end , then Scott and amanda , and two chair . everyone 's talk and look at menus . Max and Julie enter . Max look around , paranoid . he see donna the waitress glaring at he , and hurry after Julie , who be already at the table introduce herself . amanda Beth , I can not believe you be graduate so early . max what , really ? 96 . beth yeah . I have spend my life learn how to be a student , and at the end of the semester it will all be useless . everybody already want to know what I be go to do , and I have no idea . I start make up storey to tell people . a aunt ask I if I be excited about Chicago , and I could not remember if I would say I be move to the city or go to see the band . charle something similar once happen to I , except I do not know Nashville pussy be a band . Tommy laugh and blow tea out he nose . beth I can not believe I be graduate . my whole life , I have know what be next . but when I graduate , the next step be ... something ? julie something that pay the bill . max my grandfather once tell I that if you love you job , you will never work a day in you life . he 's 98 year old , addict to c-span , and have to be remove from a supermarket recently for shouting about Republicans . julie now I know where you get it from . amanda you should do whatever make you happy . tommy grad school baby . stay out of the real world as long as possible . Sam and Jen sit close together and be both subdued . SAM I can not believe I be graduate next year . I already have a recur nightmare about it . jen you have plenty of time , dear . 97 . she rub he arm soothingly . behind she back , Charles roll he eye and stick he finger down he throat . Sara see it . SARA come on , Charles , show a little dignity . he whirl on she . charle dignity ? you have be follow I around like a lose dog since break , and you be talk about dignity ?! you be always in my way , I can not get away from you ! SARA what be you talk about ?! charle if they be make I sick , that 's my business ! leave I alone already ! SARA Fine ! she storm out . the table be aghast . Julie avert she eye politely . Beth poke Max , urging he to do something . jen we make you sick ? Sam , say something to he ! SAM why should I ? we have make he sick for year . jen how dare you ! SAM it 's true ! Beth smack Max 's leg : do something ! he beg off . jen you think everything 's okay if it 's true , but some thing be true and not okay ! SAM when be you go to realize I be a different person and entitle to my opinion ? it 's my goddamn life ! Jen turn away , glaring . Max anxiously look at Julie , who stare above she menu . 98 . amanda please , guy , it 's my birthday . we be here to celebrate . scott ( as " cartman " ) " can not we all just get along ? " amanda goddamn it , Scott , I be so sick of you make fun of I ! you be the meanest person I have ever meet and I do not know why anybody even talk to you ! you be such a asshole ! they lock gaze for a beat . scott sorry . Sara come back in and sit down , sullen . there be a long , uncomfortable silence . a waiter arrive . waiter be you ready to order ? jen SAM no. yes . unsure , he turn to the next couple . charle SARA yes . no. the waiter look around , notice the tension . waiter why do not I come back ? he leave . awkward silence . beth ( clear throat ) ah ... so ... Julie . I hear you switch major . julie yes , I be psych now . I do not like soc. jen I be a soc. major . 99 . julie oh sorry , I just mean , I need something more , ya know , relevant . SAM psych be relevant ? julie ( slightly defensive ) well , look , I be only in college for the degree . most of the stuff they teach we be pointless anyway . Julie look at Max : say something . max ( feebly ) heheh , I bet that 's why they call it " academic . " jen College be a great opportunity . it 's about more than get a job . julie yeah , it 's about avoid the real world for as long as possible . charle I work in theater , so this be great training for I . julie you call theater the real world ? SARA hey ! now Julie be hit Max 's leg : help I out here ! but Max be petrify , watch he worst nightmare unfold . jen some of we work really hard to get through school . julie look , my parent work they whole life to give I the opportunity to be here . but the truth be , private school like ours make money by show student a good time for four year . it 's bullshit . amanda you think social work be bullshit ? 100 . julie that 's not what I -- charle this " bullshit " be go to put I in debt for the next forty year . Julie punch Max in the thigh . he jump , blink . jen why do not you just drop out if everything 's such bullshit ? max so what 's everybody go to order then ? julie God . what a bunch of spoiled , whiny college brat . nobody have anything more to say . everyone look away . Max be shell - shocked . tommy I be gonna work for NASA ! 90 ext . STREET outside max's dorm -- night 90 Julie 's car pull up . her bumper sticker : " eat animal , don ' T ` love ' they " Max open the door , get halfway out , turn back . max be you sure ? julie no , it 's okay . I just need a few hour to work . max it will be fun , just the two of we . Julie light a cigarette off she old one . julie okay , see you later . she peel out . 91 int . common room -- night 91 Max straighten up . Scott come out of he bedroom . 101 . scott if she stand you up , be we still not allow in here ? it 's my time to watch " South Park . " max why would she do that ? scott ( shrug ) it 's already past eleven . there 's a knock on the door . max see ? Max get the door . Scott exit , disappointed . Julie enter , smoking . julie hey . sorry I be late . you would not believe what cross -campus traffic be like . max that 's the worst excuse I ever hear . I mean it . so ... you wanna hit the video store ? julie no , you have get something here that I have be look forward to all week . she grab Annie Hall from the shelf . max ah , shit , no . julie you must face you fear . relax , it 's a very positive film . you just have to know how to look at it . it 's really refreshingly positive . dissolve to : 92 int . common room -- 98 minute later 92 the close credit be roll . Max and Julie look somewhat disconcert . max Boy , what a uplift movie . such a refreshingly positive message . 102 . she do not respond . max ( cont 'd ) right ? julie you know , I think I prefer Manhattan . max how can you say that ? Annie Hall be so uplift ! julie it 's just deeper , more sophisticated , I guess . listen , thanks for dinner and the movie tonight , but I should get go . max but it 's still early . Julie go to the door . Max follow . he try to kiss she . she pull back . julie I do not know if this be a good idea right now . max okay , how about right ... now ? he try to kiss she again . she duck it , come back into the room , sit down . Max stand , tense . julie listen , since the other night , I have be do some think ... max there 's you mistake . mindless happiness be always better than thoughtful reservation . unless you be talk about nude bungee jump . julie I do not think that this be a good time for we to jump , or leap , or whatever , you know , together . into a relationship . max but , but ... we just see a movie about how relationship be worth it , no matter what happen . 103 . julie do we ? max yeah , I guess we really do . julie well , you be right , Max , and this relationship be worth it . max be ? is. wait ... oh , shit ! Max cover he face , breathes deep . julie be you okay ? will you please calm down ? I like you very much , but I tell you , I just get out of a serious relationship , and it end really badly . we see each other almost every day at the beginning , but by the end of the semester , I have not see he in a month . he stop return my call and stuff , and I mean , he basically avoid I , then I hear he be see one of my friend . max but that be he , not I . julie it 's nobody 's fault , I know . I mean , I have be try but it 's hard . Relationships be very difficult to maintain . there be so few successful couple . max what 's successful ? like , my parent have be marry thirty year , but -- julie my parent be divorced . max okay , bad example . but why think ahead ? we be here , now . can not we just enjoy we time together ? julie Max , I do , believe I . max what be all this , I mean , be any of it­ 104 . julie I do not know what I be do . I do not think about where this might lead until it be too late . max but it might lead to ... happiness . Tommy walk in , half asleep , in he pajamas . he turn on the tv and sit down . Max stare at he . Tommy suddenly realize he be not alone . tommy uh , re-run . he turn it off and quickly exit . Max try to pull himself together . julie say something . be you okay ? max I know that damn film be curse ! why do I listen to Charles instead of Annie ? julie Jesus , Max . it 's not a anti-relationship movie . max what be you talk about ? it 's a fuck textbook . she stand . julie you be not listen to I , Max . just like you be not listen to Annie . no matter what you think right now , this be worth it . because I get to meet you , and get to be close to you . max I know . I do not know . I mean ... good-bye . Julie leave . the vcr whir to a stop and Annie Hall eject . Max stare at it , upset and thoughtful . CUT to : title card : white on black : " sunday " 105 . 93 int . common room -- late afternoon 93 pan leave to right across people 's chest : a X - file shirt , a lounge shirt with a wide collar , a Stephen hawking shirt , a Ani difranco shirt ... pull back to reveal , l to be , Sam , Charles , Tommy and amanda , sprawle on the couch , from Max 's Pov in the doorway . they be drink vodka out of coffee mug . the tv be on but the sound be off . everyone look tired and sad . Max sit . Sam thumb a copy of Scientific american . SAM why be human smarter than chimp if we have 99 % of the same genetic material ? max who say we be smarter ? SAM look who I be ask . you think a red blood cell be a prison for a gang member . max very funny , Mr. wizard . if I learn anything useful in my class , I would be rub it in you face . in Scott 's usual spot be amanda and Tommy . tommy so amanda . have a good weekend ? amanda yeah . tommy mine be good too . get any good birthday present ? amanda yeah . she get up and leave the room . SAM by the way , Max , what ever happen with that girl you be see ? max she just end a long relationship and she do not want anything serious . 106 . charle can not you have something that 's not so serious ? max no , it 's dead . and the thing I do not get be , it be all go so well . there be a moment when we kiss , when it be more than a kiss ... his openness be make the other guy uncomfortable . max ( cont 'd ) it be like we break through all we layer , you know , all the manners and defense mechanism and daily crap , and I see a flash of something , a glimmer of hope or happiness or whatever , something I inspire in she . but now it 's over and I will never see that part of she again . charle I think you be upset about not see some other part of she again . the joke be half - heart -- Max have make everyone reflective . charle ( cont 'd ) she 's a girl , Max . they will always be a mystery . you will never know why they love you and you will never know why they do not . SAM Relationships be incredibly complicated . like polypeptide string . there 's a attraction at first , but if the bond do not form right away , nothing can make the connection work . max there 's a metaphor we can all relate to . SAM it be like with Jen and I . but I know it be for the best . charle I finally drop out of the play I be direct , just to get rid of Sara . God , my career be in shamble . tommy tough week all around , huh ? how about some video hockey ? 107 . Max get up and put on he coat . max I think I prefer goldeneye . he leave . Sam sigh and pick up the remote . SAM wanna watch Sports Center ? charle Nah . I think I be gonna call Sara ... he get up and leave as Sam register this news . he put the remote down . 94 ext . campus GREEN ­ dusk 94 it be moist and foggy as Max trudge across the desert campus . beth ( o.s. ) Max ! Max stop in the middle of a path as Beth walk up . beth ( cont 'd ) hi there . happy Valentine 's Day . max oo , witty . beth yeah , I hate Valentine 's Day , too . if you be in love , you be in love . and if you be not , who want to think about it ? I want to be in love so badly , do not you ? max you know , there 's this joke ... beth ah , forget it , Max . max you know the joke ? beth do a bear shit in the wood ? max yeah , that 's the one . 108 . beth you tell it the night of we date . I hate that joke , Max . it 's not a philosophy . max but I think I know what it mean now . beth yeah , and it 's dreary and depress , right ? max not this time . beth no ? max ( intimately ) Beth , I just want to say , before it 's all over and I do not have the chance , that I be sorry . for everything . last semester and last year . Beth be speechless ; she never though she would ever hear that . max ( cont 'd ) you mean the world to I , and I be a idiot to throw it away . you be right : if I can not be a friend to you , how could I be a boyfriend ? I have do a lot of thing wrong , and I have be confuse as hell , but I think it 's time for a change . Beth look he over , as if for the first time . beth really ? max really . beth then allow I to recommend a movie that you have never see before . it 's call Annie Hall . max I be go to see it tonight . do you want to join I ? beth I would love to , but I think you need to do this alone . 109 . max no , you be right . beth but I will see you later ? max sure . after the movie , I be do my last radio show . it 's go to be all request . you should tune in . beth the end of a era . max the start of a new one . he smile and walk away . the fog begin to obscure he . Beth open she backpack and remove a walkman . she hit power and the LED change from tape to radio . max ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) and that 's how I let go of she . although , it 's probably more honest to say that she let go of I . Julie , Beth , and Annie . Three woman in my life and I be desperate for one . reverse angle . Beth stand alone , watch he go . she snap the headphone over she ear . max ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) of course , I see she again . it 's a small campus . the last time be at a film festival . we be better friend now then ever , and there 's always a chance we can have some kind of future together . so far , so good . finally , Beth turn and walk away . CUT back to : Max still walk , get smaller and smaller . soon all we see be fog . max ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) she will always mean a lot to I , and it 's nice to run into she and reminisce about what we , ya know , go through . it be a weird period of my life . I mean , shit , I really get off track there , do not I ? fade to black