burn after reading written by Joel coen &amp ; ethan coen fade in 1 ext . eastern seaboard - aerial - day 1 High in the air ---- so high we a see the curvature of the earth . the eastern seaboard stretch away , fleck with cloud . as we dissolve in closer the picture bleach of color . we be look down at the city of Washington , d.c . dissolve closer still : a black - and -white aerial photograph of a neighborhood in suburban D.C. dominate by a sprawling building . Computer type quickly bleep on : c.i.a. headquarters langley , Virginia 2 int . CIA - hallway - day 2 we track at floor level , follow the well shine shoe of someone walk down the well polished hallway . 3 int . palmer' office - day 3 we hear a door open and a silver - haire man rise behind he desk . a nameplate on the desk identify he as palmer debakey Smith . palmer ozzie . sit down . osbourne Cox , enter , be a middle - age man in a stripe shirt and bow tie . osbourne palmer . what 's up . palmer you know peck , and Olson . the two man , sit on chair face the desk , nod at osbourne , who be surprised to see they . osbourne peck , yes , hiya . Olson , by reputation . hi , osbourne Cox . olson yeah , hiyah . 2 . osbourne be not you with ... be not you , uh ... palmer jump in : palmer yeah , that 's right . Oz , look . there 's no easy way to say this . we be take you off the balkan desk . osbourne you be ---- what ? why ? palmer in fact we be move you out of sigint entirely . osbourne ... what ? no discussion , just ---- you be out ? palmer well , we be have the discussion now Oz . this do not have to be unpleasant . osbourne palmer , with all due respect ---- what the fuck be you talk about ? a beat . osbourne ( cont 'd ) ... and why be Olson here ? another uncomfortable beat . palmer ... look , ozzie ---- osbourne what the fuck be this ?! be it my ---- I know it 's not my work . palmer ozzie ---- osbourne I be a great fuck analyst ! be it ---- palmer Oz , thing be not go well . as you know . 3. peck you have a drink problem . stun silence . ozzie turn to look at peck . at length : osbourne I have a drink problem . palmer this do not have to be unpleasant . we find you something in State . it 's a , uh ... he grope , uncomfortable . palmer ( cont 'd ) ... it 's a lower clearance level . yes . but we be not , this be not , we be not terminate you . osbourne ( quietly ) this be a assault . peck come on , ozzie . osbourne this be a assault . I have a drink problem ? fuck you , peck , you be a mormon ! peck ozzie ---- osbourne next to you we all have a drink problem ! fuck you guy ! whose ass do not I kiss ? let 's be honest ! palmer nod at Olson . palmer okay , olson---- osbourne let 's be fuck honest ... osbourne get to he foot , agitate . 4. osbourne ( cont 'd ) ... this be a crucifixion ! this be political ! do not tell I it 's not ! he storm out the door . osbourne ( cont 'd ) ... I have a drink problem ! the door slam . palmer Smith look at Olson . Olson arch a eyebrow . 4 int . cox kitchen - day 4 osbourne bow tie loosen , he stand at a kitchen counter . his shoulder twist as he do something below frame : we hear the crackle of ice cube wrenching loose from a tray . behind he we see the apartment door open . Katie , a attractive middle - age woman , enter , take she key out of the door , but stop , surprised to see osbourne . katie you be home . osbourne continue make himself a drink . osbourne hang on to you hat , honey . I have some news . I - --- katie do you pick up the cheese ? osbourne huh ? katie be they ready ? I do not know you be come home this early . osbourne ( blank ) the cheese . Katie roll she eye . 5 . katie I leave a message for you to stop at todaro 's . the magruder and the pfarrer be come over . osbourne the pfarrer ? ugh . I ---- what do Kathleen say ? katie what ? osbourne when you leave the message ? katie she say . she would give you . the message . osbourne well she , I do not know , I guess we have bigger news today . my day do not revolve arou ---- katie so you do not get the cheese . osbourne well , since I do not get the message , no , I do not get the cheese . but hang on to you hat , I - --- katie oh for fuck 's sake , ozzie , you mean I have to go out again ? all right , well , you better get dress . osbourne honey , we have to talk . katie not right now . they will be here in , what , less than a hour . 5 int . cox live room - night 5 a hand hover , hesitates . voice be this a , uh , goat cheese ? osbourne ( off ) chevre , yes , that be a goat cheese . pink revision 8/14/07 6. wider show the cocktail party , meagerly attend but in full swing . besides osbourne and Katie there be Harry pfarrer ( who have just inquire about the cheese ) , bearded , forty , rugge ; he wife Sandy ; and a shiny - face young couple , Doug and Tina magruder . osbourne hold a cocktail tumbler . harry because I have lactose reflux . but I can ---- osbourne you be lactose intolerant ? harry yes , but I can ---- osbourne or you have acid reflux ? they be two different thing . Harry look at he coldly . harry I know what they be . osbourne then you misspoke yourself . so I ---- harry thank you for correct I . katie you should try the chevre , Harry . it 's very good . harry yeah . I can eat goat cheese . he eat a piece , cupping one hand under he mouth . harry ( cont 'd ) ... I be just explain to you husband here , I have a condition ---- Katie try to separate the two man by include Doug magruder . katie Harry work with the marshall ' * service . * pink revision 8/14/07 6a . doug magruder ah. I be on the legislative side , I * work with Senator hobby . * pink revision 8/14/07 7. harry * use to work for treasury , but I * do not go over to homeland Security . * I be with the marshall . * osbourne if you want he will show you he great big gun . harry very amusing . the gun be actually no big deal . twenty year in the marshall 's service and I have never discharge my weapon . osbourne sound like something you should be tell you psychiatrist . harry what ? I do not have a psychiatrist . doug magruder Boy , I guess my job be pretty undramatic . I be on the legislative side . what do you do Mrs. pfarrer ? do you also carry a gun ? Harry laugh . harry Sandy write child 's book . sandy I write child 's book ---- harry Oliver the cat who ... who .. arghh ---- who---- choke on piece of cheese , cough harry ( cont 'd ) ... who live in the rotunda . Excuse I . tina that be wonderful ! my niece and nephew ---- 8. harry yeah , it 's a beloved series . you would not believe she fan mail . unghh . be you sure this be goat cheese ? katie why do not you let you wife tell they about she own book , Harry ? harry I be sorry ---- be I ---- katie here , come in the kitchen , help I with the crudité . 6 int . cox kitchen - night 6 they enter . harry goddamnit . he know , do not he . he look down at the floor . he stamp . harry ( cont 'd ) ... Nice floor . katie know what ? Harry be look around the kitchen , take in the fixture . absently : harry about we , he know about we . Little prick . katie do not be a ass , he do not know a thing . Harry be stare down at the linoleum again . harry what be that , forbo ? a6 ext . STREET - night a6 a car drive by . 9 . 7 int . harry car - night 7 Harry drive , he wife next to he . a long beat . finally : harry what a horse 's ass . sandy I do not know why we see they . Harry shrug . harry well , she 's all right . sandy she be a cold , stick - up bitch . Harry open he mouth to reply , consider , do not . they drive . 8 int . cox master bedroom - night 8 katie she be stare , in front of a mirror , face cover in cold cream , one hand arrest on the way up to daub on more . katie you quit ?! osbourne be buttone a pajama top . osbourne uh-huh . katie well ---- thank you for let I know ! osbourne I try to tell you this afternoon . katie you try ? you try ? and then ---- what , the aphasia kick in ? osbourne we guest come . we ---- 10 . katie why ?! for fuck 's sake , ozzie ! osbourne I be just ---- I do not know . I get so tired . katie you be tired . osbourne tire of swim against the current . katie uh-huh . osbourne independent think be not only not value there , they resist it , they fight it , the bureaucracy be positively ---- katie do you get a pension , or severance or something , or ---- osbourne I do not retire you know , I , I quit . I do not want they benefit . katie but I suppose my benefit be all right , I suppose you can live with that , be that the idea ? osbourne it 's not like that 's the only way to make money . katie yes ? yes ? what be you gonna do ? osbourne I will do some consulting . katie consult . osbourne yes , to help while I ---- I have always want to write . katie write . write what . 11 . osbourne I have be think about it . a book , a sort of , sort of memoir . Katie stare at he in the mirror . a beat . she burst into laughter . 9 ext . yacht / at sea - day 9 the bridge a small yacht . osbourne stand at the wheel , a light wind in he face , as the boat sail under motor power . after a beat he move to the front of the boat . a old man sit on a bench on the prow face out into the wind . he have snowy hair and a stern yankee face . he wear a tweed cap . he do not much react to osbourne 's approach . osbourne you okay there , dad ? the old man remain silent , stare . osbourne sit next to he and idly tuck in the plaid blanket rest over the man 's knee . osbourne ( cont 'd ) ... dad , I leave my job at the Agency ... the old man stare out into the wind . osbourne ( cont 'd ) ... I , uh ... I be sorry . dad , government service be not what it be when you be in State . thing be different now . I do not know , maybe it 's ... it 's ... the cold War end ; now it seem like it 's all bureaucracy and no mission ... the old man stare out into the wind . osbourne ( cont 'd ) ... I be write a memoir . I think it 's go to be pretty explosive . but I do not think you will disapprove . I do not think you will disapprove . Katie have have trouble accept it . ( more ) 12 . osbourne ( cont 'd ) but ... sometimes there 's a higher patriotism , dad . so we will ... yes , change be hard . it 's hard on Katie . but we will be okay . we will be okay . life be change . this be good . we be all block up , Katie and I . this be , this be a bless in disguise . I will go into training , you know . Lay off the sauce . like you do . you manage to do it . finally . and then I can concentrate on , you know . New beginning . and this will all have be for the best . do not you think dad ? the old man stare out into the wind . osbourne sniffles . osbourne ( cont 'd ) ... cold . he tap the old man on the knee and rise . osbourne ( cont 'd ) ... I guess we should head back . 10 ext . pier - day 10 long shot thru the windshield of a car the sailboat dock at the end of a marina . osbourne be push the old man in a wheel chair down the pier away from the boat . a man' voice we have see this ... 11 int . law firm - conference room - day 11 the man White hair , bushy eyebrow , a florid face . he be in a law - book line conference room . he wear a expensive suit , suspender , a white shirt with blue collar and cuff . he be bogus terikhian . terikhian ... I know this kind of man . we have see this . 13 . wider on the conference room show that Katie Cox sit at the table , along with terikhian , another lawyer , and a assistant . terikhian ( cont 'd ) ... Mrs. Cox , you can not let this man take advantage of you . and he will . he will . katie yes . this be my fear . he 's try ---- he say ---- he 's try to pull himself together , but ... terikhian look , sure , I ---- I be oblige to tell you you should try to salvage thing . and you should . people turn themselves around . not unheard - of . but. you ---- you have not broach the possibility of divorce yet ? katie no . terikhian well that 's good . because first you should get all he financial . before he 's forewarn . because here 's a man , here 's a man , practice in deceit , this be almost , you could say it 's he job , practice at hide thing , and there be no reason , it be not improper , there be no reason for you not to get a picture of the household finances . Paper file , computer file , whatever ---- this be you prerogative . you can be a spy too , madam . do this before you put he on alert . before the turtle can draw in he head and he , uh ... he waggle he hand , grop for the word . terikhian ( cont 'd ) ... foot . he shrug . terikhian ( cont 'd ) ... and hopefully everything will work out . he will reform . but ! if not : forewarn be forearm . 14 . 12 int . cox house - day 12 osbourne be splay on a easy chair , wear a bathrobe over pyjamas . he stare at the ceiling , motionless , arm out - flung , like marat in he bathtub . a long still beat . a clock tick . abruptly osbourne raise one hand to speak into a microcassette recorder . osbourne we be young and commit and there be nothing we could not do . we think of the Agency less as ... less as ... the think , such as it be , peter out . osbourne rise and wander around the room , glassy - eye . he suddenly raise the microcassette again . osbourne ( cont 'd ) ... the principle of George kennan ---- a personal hero of mine ---- be what animated we . in fact they be what have originally inspire I to enter government service . like the State Department 's China hand of yore , or , in a different forum , in a different venue , in a different medium , in , um ... " murrow 's boy , " the fable ---- in a different ---- he suddenly stop , head cocked , listen . faintly , a ringing phone . 13 int . cox basement stairway - day 13 at the cut osbourne be thunder down a steep carpete stairway . he incline he head to clear the ceiling that jut over the bottom half of the stairwell . the phone be louder here . 14 int . cox basement - day 14 a semi-finished basement with cheap panele and a low drop ceiling of water - stain Johnson - armstrong tile . the ringing phone be on a cheap government - surplus desk . the answer machine , with osbourne 's voice , pick up : 15 . machine you have reach the Cox Group ... osbourne , robe flap , shuffles hurriedly in he slipper foot toward the phone . machine ( cont 'd ) ... we can not answer you call right now . please leave a---- osbourne ( heavy breathe ) hello . he ease into the chair , have swipe up the phone . a listen beat . osbourne ( cont 'd ) ... yes ?... oh , no ... no , call she number ... no , upstairs ... no she 's not , but leave it on she machine . 15 int . live room - day - later 15 we be look over osbourne 's shoulder ---- he be still in he robe ---- as he sit hunch on a ottoman , look at a daytime game show . a few beat of the show . Roaring laughter from the studio audience . mild chuckle from osbourne in the foreground . 16 int live room - day - still later 16 tick clock . osbourne pace with the microcassette recorder . he raise it with a think , draw a breath , and then stop , and look off . the tick grandfather clock : ornate hand on a ornate clock face two or three minute to five . osbourne stare for a long beat . 17 int . cox kitchen - day 17 osbourne shoulder twist as we hear ice clatter out of a tray . he pour coke sizzling onto the ice . 16 . he pause for a long beat . he take a bottle of rum out of a cabinet . he pour some into a hatch - mark shot glass . he look at it . the amber liquid top the hatch mark . he conscientiously pour the overage back , murmure : osbourne single ... he dump the shot into the Coke . 18 ext . sailboat - dusk 18 as before , the boat , dock at the end of the marina pier , be see in long shot through the windshield of a car . closer on the boat . as water lap against piling and the boat gently bob and creak , we hear , muffle , the sound of a couple have sex . when it build to climax we cut : 19 int . sailboat - dusk 19 Minutes later . we hold on a door for a quiet beat , then we hear the gurgle of water , and then the door open . Harry pfarrer emerge from the small bathroom , buckle he belt . in the bedroom which he emerge into Katie Cox be just finish dress . Harry look at he watch . harry I should try to get a run in . 20 int . cox house - dusk 20 Katie be let herself in . katie ozzie ! quiet . 21 int . kitchen - dusk 21 Katie enter and see a note on the counter paperweight by a plate of use lime wedge : 17 . honey , at fenninger 's . reunion committee dinner . see you later . 22 ext . potomac bridge - dusk 22 long-len , hand -held , point - of - view seem : Harry pfarrer be jogging in he treasury sweat . closer on he . brow furrow . he spin , jog backwards , look . his point - of-view : nothing unusual ; traffic on the bridge , no pedestrian particularly close . Harry , mildly puzzle , slow and stop . he turn again . point-of-view up the bridge : empty . Harry start jogging again . 23 int . cox basement - night 23 we be tracking toward the desk in the corner , at which Katie sit . she crack open a CD case and load the CD into osbourne 's computer . a suspense drine build as we track in . Katie start type , then suddenly stop . she hold still , listen for noise in the house . nothing . she resume type . we hear male voice beginning to swell in song . the voice continue after the suspense drine snap off , at the cut to : 24 int . fenninger be - night 24 a musty steakhouse . on the wall be hunt - scene print and steel engravings of English country house . a placard rest on a chair outside the georgian room : close for private party . from inside the room , male voice : voice tune every heart and every voice ... 18 . 25 int . fenninger be - georgian room - night 25 a dozen middle - age man around a long table , each hold high a glass . men ... bid every care withdraw . let all with one accord rejoice ... the man be sweaty , tie -loosen , dinner -stuff and boozy . men ( cont 'd ) ... in praise of Old nassau ... Close on osbourne as a rotund middle - age classmate fill he glass to brim . the two sway unsteadily with the music .. men ( cont 'd ) ... in praise of Old nassau my boy , hoo-rah , hoo -rah , hoorah ! all swing they glass side - to-side in rhythm : men ( cont 'd ) ... her son ... shall give ... while they ... shall live ... glass be thrust high with a ringing finish : men ( cont 'd ) ... in praise of Old nassau ! 26 int . exam room - day 26 a woman' ass bare . pale. middle-aged . someone with a marker be draw on the flesh to illustrate : doctor ( off ) we take all the chicken fat off you buttock , here ... and here ... and the upper arm . and a little off you tummy ... the camera be arcing around a stand , naked , middle - age woman , to reveal the doctor sit on a stool in the examine room , face she . he reach forward again with the marker . 19 . doctor ( off ) ( cont 'd ) ... and we do breast augmentation with a tiny incision here ... and here . patient ( off ) uh-huh . and what about the thigh area ? doctor well we can do liposuction there as well , but that area will respond to exercise . buttock and upper arm begin to store more fat when you get up around forty , the body just tell it to go there , but the thigh will respond to tone exercise . patient uh-huh . I know , I can work out on my arm till the cow come home , but ... doctor uh-huh . and of course there be also genetic factor . patient the litzke be big . doctor uh-huh , well everything 's ---- patient my mom have a ass that could pull a bus . doctor wow . well that 's a predispo---- patient Father 's side too , although dad tend to carry he weight in front of he . doctor uh-huh . patient in the gut area . derriere , not so much . doctor okay . the continue track around be also booming up to reveal the face of the patient , Linda litzke . 20 . linda and what about the face , you know , the window to the soul . doctor uh-huh ! uh-huh ! very well put . well you eye be one of you best feature . but we can do something about the incipient crow 's foot . linda baby crow 's foot . Little chickle 's foot . I mean chick . Chickie chickie chickie . doctor ha-ha , yes , again , well put . you have a way with word . we cut here ... he mark . doctor ( cont 'd ) ... and we pull the skin tight , like stretch the skin over a drum . not too tight , though . we do not want that " work - on " look . you need sufficient slack for the face to remain expressive . linda yeah , I do not wanna look like boris karloff . doctor uh-huh ! heh -heh , so you do not want a sex change ! linda no , I be all woman ! 27 int . doctor' office - day 27 Doctor and patient , now dress , sit on either side of a desk . doctor so Linda , what we be talk about here be four different procedure . ( tick they off ) the liposuction ... the rhinoplasty ... the facial tuck , which I would strongly recommend over the chemical peel ---- 21 . linda yeah , I do not want to get anything burn off . doctor and why should you . with that lovely skin . and lastly , the breast augmentation . now we can also do something about the vaccine scar ---- I do not know if you wear sleeveless dress much ---- linda not with this ham hock ! doctor yes , well once they be nice and svelte , post - op , you ---- linda well I do not know . be the vaccine thing ---- can you counsel I on this ? I do not know , be it unsightly ? I see it a lot , a bunch of people have it . doctor absolutely ! some woman do not mind it at all ! personal taste ! 28 int . hardbodies - day 28 Linda litzke , in a hardbody polo shirt with " Linda " stitched on the breast , lean out of she semi-enclosed office on the gym floor . linda Chad ! 29 int . hardbodies - gym floor - day 29 Chad feldheimer , trainer , fortyish and well - muscle , have a gym patron up on a table and be help he stretch a leg back . patron ow ! chad I be sorry , be that too much ? 22. patron I feel a strain ... a tightness in the ... in the front of my ass ... chad well you be pretty tight . you have to feel it or ---- linda ( on the public address ) Chad feldheimer . Office . chad I will be back in a minute . we will work on open that hip . 30 int . linda' office - day 30 Linda be tapping at she computer as Chad enter . linda I get a batch from bewithmedc dot com . Chad perches on the desk , chew gum as he gaze at the screen . chad oh wow . any good ? linda I do not know yet , just look ... how do you open this ? chad click on , uh ... yeah ... linda oh my god ! chad what ? linda oh my God , what a loser ! she click . linda ( cont 'd ) ... loser ! she click . Chad be laugh . Linda scowl . 23. linda ( cont 'd ) ... loser !... what be this ! they should call this Mr. saggy dot com . chad cripe . linda loser ! chad do you have to send a picture ? linda no , only guy do . I submit a verbal profile , turn - on , turn - off , et cetera . I be really look for someone with a sense of humor . chad that guy ---- wait ---- that guy be not bad . linda him ? chad no , before . linda him ? chad yeah . he uh , he might not be a loser . linda how can you tell ? chad that 's a brioni suit . linda oh yeah ? chad shit yeah . linda ( dubious ) do he look like he have a sense of humor ? chad he look like he optometrist have a sense of humor . 24 . Linda slap he arm . chad ( cont 'd ) ... huh-huh-huh . what do he do ? linda State Department . chad that 's cool . linda his hair be ... what be that ? chad plug . 31 int . gym - next day 31 Linda be show someone around the floor . linda this be the cardio area . a lot of machine here so that , believe I , there 's never a wait . what you be see now , this be we busy time , and there 's still a couple of open treadmills I see , three stairmaster ---- I call it the butt-blaster ---- couple of lifeclest ---- hi , Chad . Chad be work with a medicine ball and a heavy young woman . chad hi Linda . do you call that guy ? linda not yet ! Chad be one of we trainer . I have just start internet dating and I get my first look at the , uh ... customer what service ? linda bewithmedc dot com ? customer Nice . linda have you use they ? 25 . customer no ---- two friend do and they be both hook up . with really special guy . linda that 's fantastic . 32 int . linda' office - later 32 Linda be lean forward at she desk , phone wedge between ear and shoulder , one hand up at she forehead . after a long still beat : linda yes ! another still beat . linda ( cont 'd ) ... English ! beat . linda ( cont 'd ) ... agent ! beat . linda drive ... agent ! agent ! beat . linda ... yes , hi , this be Linda litzke , should I give you my account number ? you have it up ? okay . I be inform that I need pre-approval for this surgeries , and then ... yes , it be deny . listen , then : linda ( cont 'd ) ... no , that be four different operation ... it 's very complicated ; I be reinventing myself , it 's a whole new look so it be not just one thing , however , it 's all approve by my doctor ... but ----madam ! this be not ---- my job involve , you know , public interface ! this be not ... 26 . her jaw set . she control she fury . quieter : linda ( cont 'd ) ... yes I do understand . could I speak to you supervisor please ? 33 int . ted' office / linda' office - day - minute later 33 we be on a long lens point- of-view , from several cubicle over , of Linda , now slump at she desk , head in she arm . we faintly hear she sobbing . reverse show Ted treffon , middle - age , bald , the soulful manager of hardbody . he look at Linda , puzzle and a little alarmed . he tense as if to rise but do not , and hover uncomfortably , unsure of whether to intrude . 34 ext . WASHINGTON mall - day 34 Linda walk down the promenade dress in a smart pant suit . her move Pov pass over a couple in conversation , a old woman feed the bird , a man in a business suit read a newspaper . she pass the man and turn around . he have look up from the paper and be stare at she . he wear aviator - shape glass with clear plastic rim . he may have hair plug . linda Alan ? man ( alan ) be you , uh ... Linda ? 35 ext . circle theatre - dusk 35 a poster advertise totally stoke ! with dermot mulroney and Claire dane . 36 int . theatre - night 36 on the screen , dermot mulroney , dress in a tuxedo , crane he head to look steeply up and off . Linda sit next to Alan in the half - empty theatre , nervously watch the screen . 27 . dermot ( off ) first you tell I that you can not commit , then you ---- would you get down from there ! Linda laugh raucously , then catch herself and look at Alan . 37 int . restaurant - night 37 the couple sit across from each other at a small table . they pick at they food . 38 int . linda' apartment / bedroom - night 38 the couple be make love in the dark room on a frilly comforter . Alan , still wear he glass , wheeze asthmatically . 39 int . linda' apartment / bedroom - later 39 Alan be snore . after a long beat Linda get up and put on a robe . she bend down near the bed and pick something up out of Alan 's trousers . 40 int . linda' live room - night 40 she sit into a chair near the window in the dark room and open Alan 's wallet . a discover card , driver 's license , a condom . a photograph of Alan hold a large bluefish . she unfold a piece of notepaper . written in a feminine hand in pencil : please pick up : plunge honey nut cheerios . linda oh for Pete 's sake ! she catch herself , look around . the snore , off , continue . she look out the window . the light of the freeway twinkle . 28 . 41 int . yacht - night 41 we be in the bedroom . the boat ride gently at anchor . Harry have a arm around Katie , in bed . both stare at a point in space . after a beat that be silent except for the faint sloshing of water against hull : harry ... and then , you know , you grow up . I guess that 's what 's happen with I . you just ... people change . we marry when I be , what , in my mid - twenty . a kid . we be kid . twenties . you think it 's forever . then , you know , you be older ---- you begin to feel you mortality , you start to think , well , there 's no more time for dishonesty . subterfuge . you go , I be not that person . the choice you make , you can not , just through inertia - --- katie I be think of divorce ozzie . Harry do not react ---- a careful , study non-reaction . after more sloshing : harry ... I be just think , whoa . I mean , frankly , I be think , whoa . I , I , I guess that 's what I should be think about too . with Sandy . katie that 's what you be just say . harry yes ! absolutely ! and you should be get rid of that bozo . no question about that . I agree . katie so if I be divorced ---- harry well yes , if you be uh , you know , yes . yes , I should settle thing . with Sandy . because of you and I . it just take , courage , you know . to inflict that pain . scary stuff . ( more ) 29 . harry ( cont 'd ) scary stuff . you be a brave lady . well , of course , it would be easier for you . katie why 's that ? I do not see that . harry ( chuckle ) well you know , because he 's such a dope . ( sober ) but Sandy , she 's ... a good lady . a very special lady . katie she 's a cold , stick - up bitch . harry well that 's ... a little ---- katie you and I should sort thing out . I have tell you that this be not just frivolity . harry no , that 's understand . you have be very straight . katie I think I be loud and clear . harry absolutely . not just fun and game . awkward beat . the sloshing of wave . Harry nod . harry ( cont 'd ) ... absolutely . 42 int . home depot - day 42 Harry pfarrer pull a length of metal tub from a shelf . he sight down it , examine the gauge , heft it . he slide it back in and pull a length , wider gauge , from the shelf below . 30 . 43 ext . home depot - day 43 Long lens , hand -held , point - of - view seem : Harry be push a red shopping cart through the parking lot . stand in the cart be length of metal tub that he steady with one hand as he push . 44 int . linda litzke's cubicle - day 44 Linda have a hand cup to she forehead and the phone press to one ear . linda English !... agent !... agent !... after a short beat she hit a button on the phone console and cradle the handset . from the speaker we hear : recorded voice ---- important to we . please stay on the line for the next available agent . Music . Linda listen for a moment , then abruptly lift the handset and slam it back down . 45 int . hardbodies - ted' cubicle - day 45 tracking in on ted' cubicle Ted treffon , the soulful manager of hardbody , stand with one hand on the back of he chair ---- which Chad occupy ---- and one hand on the desktop , look over Chad 's shoulder at a computer screen that Chad be scrolling down . stand behind both man be a short mexican indian man , also in a hardbody uniform . chad Holy shit ... linda Ted , can I talk to you about we mickey mouse health plan ? Ted continue to stare at the computer screen in mount alarm . he respond absently to Linda : ted uh-huh ... hang on ... yellow revision 8/24/07 31 . chad this be some heavy shit . linda be that my date list ? chad no ... fuck ... linda you know , I be try to reinvent myself , and this procedure , which be so incredibly not cheap , this micky mouse hmo be say they be not , they be ... what be this ? she be look at the screen . chad I can not believe this ... this be like ... intelligence shit . ted I be not comfortable with this . linda what be it ? chad this be , like , I can not believe this shit I be see . ted manolo find it . chad manolo find this , like , CD just lie in a locker . locker floor . lady ' locker room . manolo jus lie-een there . chad and I be like , whoa , someone 's music or what , so I come in here and it 's this file , man . ted I be not comfortable with this . * yellow revision 8/24/07 32. chad like it 's talk about sigint , and signal and shit . which , signal mean code , you know . manolo it be jus lie-een there . chad talk about like , section head here , and they name and shit . and then this other file be just , like , number . array . number and date and number ... and number . I think * that 's the shit , man . the raw intelligence . ted I be not touch this . I want this out of here . chad wul ... throw it out ? linda you can not do that ! you should put a note up in the lady ' locker room . chad put a note up ? highly classified shit find , signal intelligence shit , CIA shit ? hello ! do you lose you secret CIA shit ? I do not think so . ted look , you figure it out , I be not comfortable with this . I want this * out of hardbody ... as he back out of the office : ted ( cont 'd ) ... we be run a gym here ! Chad swivel around . chad look , manolo ... he zipper he lip . chad ( cont 'd ) ... you do not find this . 33. manolo I find it on the floor there . chad yeah , I know , but­ manolo right there on the floor there . lie - een there . 46 int . harry car - day 46 close on a rear -view mirror a dark blue Ford Taurus , three or four car length back on a quiet chevy chase street . Harry pfarrer glance at the rear view mirror . behind he we see the steel pipe from Home Depot lay across the top of the back seat of the station wagon . 47 ext . chevy chase house - day 47 Harry be just get out of the wagon which be park in the driveway of the suburban house . 48 int . house - day 48 Harry be struggle through the front door with the length of pipe . we hear he wife call down from upstairs : sandy Harry ? be that you ? harry yeah , yeah , it 's I . he take the pipe , open the staircase door to the cellar , set the pipe inside on the upper stair , and close the door behind he . 49 int . cellar - night 49 Harry be at a workbench welding a length of trim pipe to a short piece of hardware clamp in a table vise . his home shop be in a cage - off section of the basement . there be also haphazard storage . yellow revision 8/24/07 34 . one shelf hold stack box label with magic marker : " Oliver in the oval Office , " " yea and nay for Oliver , " " Point of order , Oliver ! " Harry loosen the vise and take out the piece of hardware . he drop it , a small bear - mount clip , onto a length of pipe hold horizontal in another vise . he experimentally slide the clip along the length of pipe : it slide smoothly back and forth , nicely balanced . 50 int . monkey dave be - night 50 Linda litzke and Ted treffon , the soulful manager of hardbody , be at a table in the yuppie bar monkey Dave 's . to a waitress : linda absolut saketini , please ? ted just a tab . linda you know , it would not cover all of it , but if I get some advance on my salary I could at least get the surgery ball roll . ted whoa ! there 's a payroll company , you know . they do not just advance people money . they just do not do that . I mean , sure , I could say , yes , I * authorize it , but that 's not go to mean anything to they . linda well why do they have we on a cockamamie health plan ? I need this surgeries , Ted ! ted you be a beautiful woman ! you do not need­ linda Ted , I have go just as far as I can go with this body ! I - --- ted I think it 's a very beautiful ---- it 's not a phoney - baloney Hollywood body ---- yellow revision 8/24/07 35 . linda that 's right , Ted , I would be laugh out of Hollywood . I have very limited breast and a gi-normous ass and I have this gut that swing back and forth in front a I like a shopping cart with a bent wheel . ted oh come on ! linda I be try to get back in circulation . I have appetite and so forth , and , uh ---- ted well there 's a lot of guy who would like you just the way you be . linda yeah ----loser ! ted well , I do not know . be I a loser ? lemme tell you something . I be not always a manager at hardbody . I , um ... * he look at she , appraise . he decide . ted ( cont 'd ) * let I show you something . he reach into he wallet . he pull out a picture : a snapshot of a soulful man in a dark robe and a high caftan stand on a curb in front of a large stone building . Linda shriek : linda omygod ---- be that you ?! Ted nod gravely . ted fourteen year , a Greek Orthodox priest . congregation in chevy chase . 36 . linda well jeez , that 's a good job ! ted mm-hm . linda what happen ? ted well ... he look at the picture for a sad beat , then shrug . he stuff it back in he wallet . ted ( cont 'd ) ... it 's a long story . anyway , lotta way I be happier now . my point be ... my point be ... it 's a journey . linda well that 's my point ! I do not want to stay where I be ! I want to find someone to share my journey ! ted well , sometimes , you know , you do not look in you own back yard , you be never gonna see ---- linda that 's right ! that 's why I have start this internet dating ! ted uh-huh , but I be say , maybe you do not have to , you know ... to ---- linda look Ted , I know you can not authorize a advance on my salary but you can put in a request , can not you ? ted it 's not go to do any good , Linda . linda Ted , have you ever hear of the power of positive think ? 37 . 51 int . linda' apartment - night 51 it be night . Linda sleep in a darken bedroom under the frilly comforter . we hear a distant bang . finally the bang stop and a moment later the telephone ring . Linda stir , wake and reach for the bedside phone . linda hurrow ---- she remove a appliance from she mouth . linda ( cont 'd ) hello ?... where be you ?... okay . just a second . 52 int . apartment stairwell - night 52 we hear a door be buzze open . at the top of the staircase a apartment door open and Linda appear in a robe . her Pov down the steep staircase : Chad feldheimer be walk up towards the landing dress in a black lycra bicycle unitard with lime green flame . he hold a bike wheel in one hand and a plastic squirt bottle in the other . he look up , foreshortened . chad omygod . 53 int . linda' apartment - moment later 53 Chad enter with he bicycle wheel and squirt bottle . Linda shut the door behind he . chad omygod . linda Chad , you know what time it be ? chad uh-huh . so , like , I could not tell you this on you totally unsecure phone , but I know who the guy be . he lean he wheel against the wall and sit on a low chair that bring he knee up near he chin . he look smugly at Linda . 38 . linda the guy ? chad the guy , the secret guy . linda be he high up ? a beat . Chad stare . chad um . I do not know if he 's high up . probably . I mean , I know he name , not like he rank . linda what be it ? chad osbourne . Cox . linda never hear of he . chad oh , like you be so plugge in to the intelligence community . linda I be just say , to the layman ---- chad well I think like the quality of the intelligence dictate how high up he be . linda uh-huh . chad not what we know . linda uh-huh . chad and I also get he ---- do you have any water ? I gotta hydrate . linda I have tap water 39 . chad be you kid ? linda how do you find out who he be ? chad source . linda what do you mean source ? chad do you have like gatorade ? anything besides , like , maryland swamp water ? he rise and head for the kitchen . chad ( cont 'd ) ... you know how far this be from my place ? linda how do you know he name ? chad I have this geek friend , Ernie gallego ? he do computer stuff , hook up people 's computer and program they vcr and shit ? so he examine the file and he pull off the digital watermark that tell what computer they be create on . Fucking child 's play for Ernie . linda uh-huh . Chad open the refrigerator and start rummage . chad I also have he telephone number . that be a little harder . linda omygod ! Chad straighten up with a bottle of orange juice which he roll across he forehead . chad shall we give he a tinkle ? yellow revision 8/24/07 40 . linda omygod , why ? chad because he 's gonna wanna know that he shit be secure . you know , he 's gonna be relieved . he might even be so relieved he give we a reward ---- I would be very fuck surprised if he do not . linda oh , wow . chad very surprised . like , you know , the * good samaritan tax . which be not even a tax , really , since it 's voluntary . 54 int . kitchen - moment later 54 Chad be look at a crumpled piece of notepaper and punch number into a wall phone . in the background we see Linda watch he from the live room couch . a beat . we hear the call ring through . the click of the connection be make , and Chad silently gesture , with a upward sweep of he hand , for Linda to pick up she extension . chad hello ? 55 int . osbourne's bedroom - night 55 he have the phone press groggily to he ear . osbourne hello ? chad osbourne ? osbourne Cox ? osbourne yes ----uh ---- who be this ? chad be you ... uh ... osbourne Cox ? 41 . osbourne who be this ? what time be it ? who be you ? chad I be a good samaritan . I be sorry I be call at such a hour , but I think you might be worried . osbourne worried ? chad about the security . of you shit . a beat . osbourne what on earth be you talk about ? who be I speak to ? Katie stir in bed . katie who be it ? chad you file ---- you document . I know this document be sensitive . but I be perfectly happy to return to you you sensitive shit . at a time of you choose . osbourne what document ? what be you talk about ? chad ... osbourne Cox ? osbourne ( explosive ) yes ! yes , I be osbourne Cox ! who the fuck­ chad settle down , osbourne . katie who be that ? osbourne what document be you talk about ? yellow revision 8/24/07 42. chad ( refer to he notepaper ) ok . " the bureau chief in belgrade we * all call slovak the Butcher . he have very little report with he staff , and he despatch be mark by ---- osbourne ra-por , very little rapport with he staff , you fuck moron ! how do you get ---- chad do not blow a gasket , osbourne . I have ---- osbourne how do you get a hold of that ! chad it 's not important where I ---- osbourne you be in way over you fuck head ! who the fuck be you ? you have no idea what you be do ! chad oh ! why so uptight , osbourne Cox ? I be just a good samaritan , like , a traveler on the road who have happen upon ---- linda we be go to return it , we just think ---- chad Linda , I will do it ! osbourne who 's this ?! katie ozzie , what be go on . linda like a good samaritan tax ---- osbourne who the fuck ---- 43. chad you know , this be a major inconvenience for we and we think , you know , a reward ---- osbourne so it 's money ! so it 's money ! chad well , yeah , uh ... why not ? I mean , this be not ---- be I out of line here ? osbourne all right , you two clown listen to I very very carefully . I do not know who you be , but I warn you most emphatically ---- linda you warn we ? you warn we ? you know what , Mr. , Mr. Intelligence ? we warn you ! we will call you back with we demand ! she slam down the phone . chad hello ? we just ---- osbourne who , who ---- linda Chad ! do not play he game ! osbourne hello ! hello ! chad ( into the phone as he hang it up ) sorry . he walk back into the live room shaking he head . chad ( cont 'd ) ... geeze ... linda the nerve of that guy ! chad ... I be very fuck surprised he do not give we the reward . 44 . 56 the cox bedroom - night 56 osbourne sit on the edge of he bed in the dark room , shaking he head . katie what in God 's name be go on ? osbourne there 's some clown ---- a couple of clown ---- somehow get a hold of my memoir - --- katie you what ? osbourne stole it or ---- I have no idea how they get it ---- katie you what ? osbourne my memoir , the book I be write . katie why in God 's name would they think that 's worth anything . osbourne well they ----i ... I have no idea how they get it . 57 int . linda' apartment 57 Chad pace , shaking he head . chad but it do not sound like he 's gonna play ball . linda oh , he will play ball ! we just have to let he know who 's boss . chad well , that 's ---- he sound very senior . I think this be some senior guy who have screw the pooch , big-time . Blue revision 8/1/07 45 . linda yeah , that 's why we get he , you know , we have catch he with he thing catch in a big fat wringer . chad yuh-huh . linda and we in the driver 's seat . this be we opportunity , like , you do not get many of this . you slip on the ice outside of , you know , a fancy restaurant . chad yuh-huh . linda or this happen . chad right . linda and right now this have happen . chad yup . it sure have . linda this could put a big dent in my surgeries . chad Big time . 58 int . pfarrer cellar - dawn 58 * sandy pfarrer we be dutch on she as she lean down a staircase , one hand on its rail , call to be hear over the buzz of a bandsaw : sandy honey ! no answer . the bandsaw whine higher , cut through steel . louder : sandy ( cont 'd ) honey ! Blue revision 8/1/07 46 . the whine hum down . harry voice huh ? sandy my cab be here , I be off . mystery man . her point- of-view : down the stair , oddly cropped by the angle of drop ceiling and wall , we see Harry 's lower body as he throw a drape over he project . he emerge from the shop cage and close its mesh door and padlock it . sandy ( cont 'd ) ... what be that thing ? harry oh baby . top secret . he come up the stair , push goggle onto he forehead . harry ( cont 'd ) ... you be gonna knock them dead . at the top of the stair he kiss she . harry ( cont 'd ) ... how many city ? sandy Seattle , San Francisco , Los Angeles , Chicago . he pick up she bag and they go out . harry why do they always have you do Seattle . not a big market . sandy I do not know , lot of independent bookstore . Rain all day , what be people gonna do . harry I can think of a couple of thing . sandy you can think of one thing . 59 ext . pfarrer house - dawn 59 * they be walk to a black town car idling curbside . pink revision 8/14/07 47 . sandy it better be the Peninsula . the money I make for they . be you gonna be okay ? harry I will be sad . but I will be okay . sandy not too sad .. harry just the right amount . he kiss she . harry ( cont 'd ) ... I be crazy about you , baby . he slam the car door after she . as the car pull out he look travel with it and then linger up the street , catch on : a Ford Taurus , park , dark . Harry hesitates , then start walk up the street towards the park car . when he have take several step the ignition be turn in the car . a shape briefly visible in the driver 's seat be lose when the headlight flash on . the car pull out from the curb into a U -turn and drive away . Harry watch the tail light recede . 60 int . law firm - conference room - day 60 close on a thumb and finger twist a gold cufflink like a worry bead . wider show the attorney bogus terikhian at a conference table in a book - line room . bogus tony bennett , Toni morrison and Zoe * caldwell . it be marvelous . first * time I have attend the Kennedy honor . Jane Alexander be a client . Old * friend of Zoe 's . what a actress . * anyway ... he lean forward and press a button on he phone console . pink revision 8/14/07 48. bogus ( cont 'd ) ... connie , could you bring in you copy of the Cox financial ? 61 int . law firm - outer office - day 61 the secretary rummages through a gym bag that have the hardbody logo . there be gym clothes among the odd and end . she pick up she handset . secretary I think I have it here on a disk ---- I do not know where the disk be . I be sorry , I will have to run another off my hard drive . 62 int . law firm - inner office - day 62 bogus be lean back , expansive . bogus tony sing " the best be yet to come . " * Mr. bennett . he project toward the phone : bogus ( cont 'd ) yeah , okay . back to katie : bogus ( cont 'd ) so . we have draw up the papers and be prepare to execute service on osbourne if you so elect , Mrs. Cox . we missile be point at he capital , so to speak , and we await only you word . but , be mindful , madam : once this missile be launch , there be no recalling they . we be not pick daisy . we be declare war , and hostility will then impose they own logic . I think you understand what I be say . katie it will piss ozzie off . bogus mm-hm . 49 . katie Mr. terikhian , I have give my husband second chance galore . there be limit to my charity . bogus of course . but since we be at the point of no return , I always urge my client at this juncture to give it one more day of reflection . katie yes. understood . 63 ext . WASHINGTON mall - day 63 Linda walk down the promenade , dress in a smart pant suit . her move Pov pass over people relax in the park : a mother with a stroller , kid run with a ball . her look settles on the bench that formerly hold she first date , now occupy by : a man spitting sunflower seed . Harry pfarrer . the point-of-view arc past he as Linda give he the once - over . she double back . linda Harry ? I be Linda . 64 int . restaurant - night 64 Harry and Linda eat with appetite as they talk . harry yeah , I do the whole bodyguard thing for year . my guy be in State , the Secretary in fact , so of course I travel a lot . Harry talk into he sleeve- cuff as if into a radio transmitter : harry ( cont 'd ) ... " ironside be leave the building . " we call he Iron ass . Linda cackle . pink revision 8/14/07 50 . harry ( cont 'd ) ... not to he face , of course . not to he ass , either ! Linda cackle again ; Harry smile . harry ( cont 'd ) ... ah , he be okay . but , personal Protection ---- that 's a young man 's game . linda you wanna try this dumpling ? they be * delicious . harry sure ... he reach but hesitates . harry ( cont 'd ) ... do it have shellfood in it ? * linda shellfood ? * harry ` Cause I have this sensitivity . I , uh , * go into anaphylactic shock . my larynx * swell up , close off the ---- ah what the * hell . * he spear a dumpling : * harry ( cont 'd ) * live dangerously ---- * through a mouthful : * harry ( cont 'd ) * ... can not always wear a condom . Linda cackle . linda that 's right ! not always ! harry anyway , my job 's more administrative * now , not so much pp . personal * Protection . though I still carry the gun . linda omygod , really ! pink revision 8/14/07 50a . harry ( still chew , he shrug ) it 's no big deal . never discharge it , twenty year service . Security blanket now . I do not think about it ---- course , you be not suppose to think about it ; ( more ) pink revision 8/14/07 51 . harry ( cont 'd ) in a situation where you man be threaten the training kick in . muscle memory . reflex ---- that be outrageous . he stab another dumpling off Linda 's plate . * harry ( cont 'd ) ... wanna swap ? linda no way ! 65 int . linda' apartment - night 65 Linda swing the door open , lead Harry in . Harry talk as he look appraisingly around the apartment . harry ---- but there be just a hell of a lot of political infight , petty , petty , shit , and then basically the old man step on goldberger 's throat . Nice ... he be evaluate the place . he stamp on the floor . harry ( cont 'd ) ... Wide - plank pine ? linda I guess . Harry be take off he coat . harry listen , full disclosure here Linda ... he hold up both hand and waggle the finger . harry ( cont 'd ) ... I be not wear a wedding ring but I be marry . take the ring off , what , eighteen month ago when we agree to separate . agreed to disagree . that 's about the only thing we ever agree on . Linda cackle . 52 . linda thanks for tell I . I really do appreciate it , Harry . harry well , full transparency , the only way to ---- as Linda pass he grab and embrace she . Linda react to he gun in the shoulder holster : linda that 's not gonna go off , be it ? harry well let 's go in the other room and find out ! grrr ! 66 int . ted' office - day 66 ted treffon the soulful manager of hardbody . ted that 's great . that sound ... exciting . wider show Linda in the manager 's cubicle . linda he 's very very communicative . very accessible . he have a sense of humor . and he agree one hundred percent about my surgeries . ted well , I ---- linda he think my ass could be smaller . I mean , not in a mean way , he kidd about it ---- he 's get a terrific sense of humor . ted that 's good , but ... but ... Linda , what do you really know about this guy ? linda I tell you , he 's in the treasury Department and he ---- 53. ted but he could be one of this people who , you know , who cruise the internet ---- linda yeah , so be I ! a rattling knock . Linda look over : Chad feldheimer , in he trainer 's polo shirt , be knock on the cubicle window . he gesture urgently for she to come out . 67 ext . service alley - day 67 behind hardbody . Linda and Chad emerge from the health club through a heavy back door . linda no , you can not go like that ! you gotta wear a suit . chad well ---- you mean ---- go home and change ? linda yeah ! chad I be gonna ride my bike . do I have time ? 68 int . downtown restaurant - day 68 Harry and Katie be at a downtown D.C. restaurant in the middle of lunch . katie ---- which to my mind be all the more reason to lower the boom on ozzie . harry mm. katie that 's it ? " mm " ? harry I be just ... wonder if it 's the right time . 54 . katie of course it 's the right time . why would not it be the right time . do it threaten you ? harry no no . no , you and I be rock solid . that 's why I , uh , I think we can afford to be big . we can think about ozzie , whether maybe we should let he get himself together a little before you hammer he with , um ---- katie be that how you see I , " hammer " he ? harry of course not , but ---- katie be not that you word ? harry yes , but ---- katie I do not " hammer . " harry no , uh-huh , of course not . but , I be say ---- I be no friend of the guy . you know that . I think he 's a arrogant little geek . but for Christ sake , you and I have all the time in the world , and he just lose he job ---- katie he do not lose it , he quit . harry yeah . most of the people who " quit " in this town be fire . Katie look at Harry , reckoning . he return she look with a open one . harry ( cont 'd ) ... I feel sorry for the guy . and he will be easier to deal with when he do not feel ... cornere . 55 . katie maybe . as long as we be talk about ozzie and not you . harry of course we be talk about ozzie . baby , I stand by you whatever you do . I adore you . she nod , think , still gaze at he . her cell phone chirp and she reach into she purse . katie please get the check . she flip open the phone . katie ( cont 'd ) ... yes ?... yes ?... be there blood in he stool ?... yes , soon . she look at she watch , rise . katie ( cont 'd ) it 's after two . I have to get back to work . Harry rise to kiss she . harry I love you so much . 69 int . / ext . cox's car / STREET - day 69 close on a watch show 2:20 . wider show osbourne Cox , sit in a car park on a downtown street , consulting he watch . he look up , irritate , and glance around . his look be arrest by : the side - view mirror . it show a man approach on bicycle along the sidewalk wear a suit and a bike helmet . the man dismount several pace behind the park car , lock he bike to a fence separate the sidewalk from a small park , and take off he helmet . it be Chad . he walk along the sidewalk to the car , open the passenger door and sit in with he bike helmet clamp under one arm . 56 . chad osbourne Cox ? osbourne and you , I take it , be " Mr. Black " ? chad yes I be . you have the money ? osbourne the fifty - thousand dollar . chad that 's what be agree upon , osbourne Cox . osbourne all right . let I explain something to you , " Mr. Black . " you know who I be ; I know who you be . chad ( smug ) perhaps . but appearance can be ---- deceptive . osbourne yeah . what you be engage in be blackmail , which be a felony . that 's for starter . chad appearance can be ---- deceptive . I be a mere good samar ---- osbourne secondly , the unauthorize dissemination of classified material be a federal crime . if you ever carry out you propose threat , you would experience such a shitstorm of consequence , my friend , it would make you empty little head spin faster than you schwinn bicycle over there . Chad chuckle . chad you think that 's a schwinn ? osbourne now give I the fuck floppy or the CD or whatever the fuck you have it on , and I will ---- 57 . chad as soon as you give I the money , dickwad ! I be not ----huhgf ! osbourne have punch he in the nose . Chad stare at he , stunne . his nose start bleed . chad ( cont 'd ) ... you fuck ! osbourne give it to I , fuck ! chad you fuck ! you fucker ! he open the car door and get out , hand to he nose . he slam the door . 70 ext . STREET / cox be car - day 70 as Chad go over to he bike osbourne lean across the front seat and crank down the passenger window to bellow : osbourne I know who you be , fucker ! he pull out . chad you be the fucker ! there be the honk of a car horn ---- not osbourne 's . Chad look , surprised . Linda be pull up . her passenger window roll down . linda where 's the money ? chad he hit I ! linda where 's the money ?! chad he do not give it to may 58 . linda oh , for ---- get in ! Chad do . chad that fucker ! 71 int . linda' car / ext . STREET - day 71 he be throw back against the seat as Linda floor it . recovering : chad ... hey ---- what be you ---- Linda be come up fast behind osbourne 's car in traffic . chad ( cont 'd ) oh shit ! the crash of impact ---- ramming osbourne . 72 int . osbourne's car / ext . STREET - day 72 he recoil from the impact . osbourne Holy fuck ---- you fuck moron ! a72 he car-to-car Pov a72 the follow car be speed up again ---- but it do not hit he . it swerve out , screeching , to pass , and Linda angrily flip he the finger as she speed by . 73 int . linda' car - day 73 linda that will give he something to think about . Chad be chuckle . suddenly he sober . chad wait , wait ! we gotta go back ! Linda 's jaw be set . the car be rip through traffic . yellow revision 8/24/07 59 . linda I know this would happen . chad we gotta go back ! my bike ! linda it 's on to plan B. chad it 's just a kryptonite lock ---- you can open that fucker with a bic pen ! linda heavens sake ---- chad where we go ? my bike ! linda some people ! a skid turn send he weight against the door , and the car lurch to a halt . chad ... what be this ? linda Russian embassy . a73 int . linda' car / ext . russian embassy - day a73 chad' Pov thru windshield the hulk embassy building . 74 int . embassy reception - day 74 Linda stand before a reception desk . Chad be just behind she , he shirt front spot with blood and he head tip back with one hand press a hankie to he nose . his bike helmet be clamp under he other arm . linda I tell Mr. krapkin I might be stop * by ? chad be there a man 's room ? 60 . 75 int . mr. krapotkin' office - day 75 Linda and Chad sit in , Chad with a moisten hand - towel now press to he nose . behind the desk sit a sixtyish Russian functionary with the beetle - brow sphynx - like look of the brezhnev- era bureaucrat . this be krapotkin . krapotkin ---- not exactly . I be assistant cultural attaché . the organ of state security be not allow to function within the border of you country . linda ... the organ of state security ? krapotkin yes . linda but if I have , oh , say , secret of a highly , um , secret that would interest the organ of state security ... she trail off , nodd encouragingly at krapotkin . krapotkin look blankly back . a long beat . krapotkin yes . she rummages in she handbag and pull out the diskette . she hold it aloft , waggling it for krapotkin . krapotkin stare . Linda set the diskette on the table and slide it across . linda ... this be just a taste . after a beat of look at the proffer diskette , krapotkin lean forward to take it . Linda smile . krapotkin turn the diskette over a couple of time , look sadly up . krapotkin May I ask the source of this ... Linda slowly shake she head , eye lock on krapotkin . yellow revision 8/24/07 61 . linda no you may not . chad very high up . linda Chad ! chad I be just say he 's high up ! a large drop of blood have gather at the tip of Chad 's nose . it now drop onto he shirt . silence . finally : krapotkin PC or meck ? linda um. PC . * krapotkin could you wait please ? he rise . linda well ---- she look anxiously at she watch . linda ( cont 'd ) ... I have a date ---- krapotkin leave . when the door close behind he : linda ( cont 'd ) * the fish . have bitten . * chad * what ? oh , yeah . yeah , he seem cool . a long beat . Linda look at she watch . Chad sigh . chad ( cont 'd ) ... that fucker really hit I . 62 . 76 int . mr. krapotkin' office - day - many minute later 76 Chad be slump back with he head tilt back . Linda look at she watch . the door open . a man in a suit : man could you accompany I please ? linda well ----okay ... 77 int . embassy hallway - day 77 the three people ---- Linda , Chad , the man in the suit ---- walk . Linda gaze around ; Chad have he head mostly back . 78 int . another embassy office - day 78 Vladimir Putin glare down from a frame photograph on the wall . Chad and Linda be sit before yet another man , even blander than the first . new embassy man can you tell I where this material come from ? Linda make a pantomime of zipping she lip . the man look at she impassively . chad name , rank and serial number . the Russian 's focus shift to the man with the bloody nose : new embassy man Excuse I ? chad we , um ... we know we rights . the man stare at he . a beat . linda this be just a taste . the man 's look swing back to the woman for another stare beat . at length : yellow revision 8/24/07 63. new embassy man there be more material ? linda there 's a lot more . but we need to be pay . new embassy man you be not ideological . a beat . chad I do not think so . linda look , I have a date . new embassy man hm ? Linda hold up she watch and tap at it : linda date . the man sigh . new embassy man ... we will examine the material . how do I contact ? linda we work at the hardbody in Alexandria . chad I be at 1442 westerly ---- linda Chad , not you home address ! beat . new embassy man so ... I call hardbody , I ask for ... Chad ? linda no. Linda . * 79 int . linda' car / ext . hardbodies - day 79 64 . ted treffon point-of-view from a car pull into hardbody . Ted treffon , the soulful manager , stand on the sidewalk in front of the gym , squinting into the approach car , he arm out to either side , palm up : what the hell be go on ? 80 int . ted' cubicle - day 80 Minutes later . ted a line to check in , towel pile up . linda I be sorry . ted manolo run around like crazy ---- what happen to you nose ? chad I just ---- ted this be not acceptable at hardbody . you two know better than that . linda yes we do . I be sorry , Ted . ted this be no way . chad it be unavoidable . this will not happen again . a consider beat . ted but you will not tell I what 's go on . linda we can not . I ... I ... Ted , I know this be terrible , but ---- I have to run . I have a date . Ted look at she dolefully . ted you be change , Linda . Blue revision 8/1/07 65 . he shake he head . ted ( cont 'd ) ... very sad . 81 ext . cox townhouse - osbourne's car - day 81 * the car be park in the driveway of the Cox townhouse , its back crumpled . reverse show Katie , look at it , furious , she jaw set . 82 int . cox townhouse - day 82 * Katie march in the door . katie ozzie ! goddamnit , ozzie , what have you do to the car ?! silence . 83 int . live room - day 83 * Katie enter . katie ozzie ! osbourne , lightly sheen by sweat , be in the easy chair in he robe , he microcassette recorder under the hand splay across he chest . amber fluid puddle a glass on the side table . osbourne snore softly . Katie 's fury mount . she visibly fight it down . katie ( cont 'd ) ... all right . all right . 84 int . pfarrer bathroom - day 84 * in Harry pfarrer 's house . Harry stand before the mirror hum as he meticulously trim he eyebrow hair with a hoffritz scissors . we hear he phone ringing , then the answer machine : harry voice Sandy and I be not here to take you call . please leave a message . Blue revision 8/1/07 66 . after a beep : katie' voice can I see you please . Harry , please call I . I be very upset . Harry continue to hum , trimming he eyebrow . the machine beep off . 85 int . pfarrer live room - day 85 * Harry walk into the live room . he take some as - yet - unfold pack box and strew they with study randomness across the floor . as he do so we hear a cell phone chirp . Harry fish the phone out of he pocket and hold it at arm 's length , squinting at the number . still hum , he stuff the phone back in he pocket . 86 ext . STREET / circle theatre - night 86 Linda meet Harry with a kiss . linda I be sorry ---- be I late ? harry no no , do not start for five minute . he be escort to a movie theater entrance . harry ( cont 'd ) ... you have not see this , have you ? linda oh ! no , no I have not . we follow - move bring in a light box display the one - sheet for totally stoke ! with dermot mulroney and Claire dane . as they tail out of frame : harry I hear it 's terrific . 87 int . auditorium - night 87 on the screen , dermot mulroney , dress in a tuxedo , crane he head to look steeply up and off . 67 . dermot first you tell I that you can not commit , then you ---- would you get down from there ! along with Linda , Harry laugh raucously , toss popcorn into he mouth . 88 int . harry chevy chase house - night 88 the door swing in and Harry and Linda enter . Harry refer to the box littering the floor : harry pardon we dust , I , uh ---- the ex be in the process of move out . damn ! I tell she I want to expedite this . linda uh-huh . harry we , uh , you know you try to act like a adult . linda oh , it 's never easy . harry oh ! come on downstairs . do you like surprise ? linda well , I be very open to new experience ... 89 int . pfarrer basement - night 89 the overhead light be switch on . as Harry and Linda come down the stair : harry I gotta tell ya ---- I see a ad for this in a gentleman 's magazine ---- twelve hundred buck . I take a look at this thing , I think , Jesus , you gotta be kid ---- I be a hobbyist , this be basically nothing but speed - rail , I could probably go to Home Depot and whip this up myself for , like , a hundred buck ... 68 . he sweep the drop-cloth off he project . it look like a row machine , though with a higher seat . its function be obscure . linda ... what be it ? harry ( smug ) what be it . you siddown , foot in the stirrup , and ... he push the seat with he foot . it slide forward then back , forward and back , rock . on its forward arc a dildo emerge from the center of the seat 's pipe-track , angle toward the seat- bottom which be cleft to accommodate its entrance . a long beat as the seat squeak back and forth , the dildo rhythmically bob up and down . at length : linda omygod ! another couple of cycle . linda ( cont 'd ) ... it 's fantastic ! harry be not that somethin' ? hundre buck all - in if you do not count my labor . and the , you know ---- cost of the dildo . that thing be not cheap . linda uh-uh . harry but I lack the , uh , I be not set up to mold hard rubber . both stare at the rock love seat : squeak . squeak . squeak . 90 int . bar - night 90 69 . close on osbourne sitting in a bar booth , stare , incredulous . osbourne ... the Russians ? across from he , a man of osbourne 's age . man ( hal ) uh-huh . osbourne the Russians ? hal uh-huh . Russian embassy , yeah . osbourne stare . osbourne ... you be sure ? hal hey , the guy be not hard to follow . as you know . osbourne why the fuck would they go to the Russians ?! the man respond only with a shrug and a commiserate head - shake . osbourne ( cont 'd ) ... why the fuck ... osbourne struggle to compose himself . osbourne ( cont 'd ) ... I be sorry . thank you , hal . hal hey . no problemo . he lean in , voice lower . hal ( cont 'd ) ... ozzie , I hate to be the paranoid old spook , but that two guy seem very interested in you . osbourne look . 70 . hal ( cont 'd ) ... you have not go poofy on I , have ya Oz ? there be two man with drink at a booth . at osbourne 's look one of they , who have be stare , look hastily away . osbourne ( sharply ) can I help you ? the man meet he look again . he smile , rise , amble over . man ( process server ) sorry to stare , I just could not place the ... you be Princeton , be not you ? my year ? ' 73 ? osbourne ( soften ) yeah . process server I just do not remember you ... osbourne extend a hand . osbourne osbourne Cox . process server think so . he smile as he deposit a large manila envelope in osbourne 's extend hand . process server ( cont 'd ) ... served ... he nod toward he companion , watch from the booth . process server ( cont 'd ) ... and witness . have a good evening . the man walk off ; he friend hastily knock back the rest of he drink and rise to follow he . osbourne stare stupidly at the envelope in he hand . hal ouch . 71 . 91 int . cox's car / ext . cox's townhouse - night 91 thru a windshield night . rain . the car corner into a driveway and its headlight rake the front of the Cox townhouse , which be dark . a couple of piece of luggage and several cardboard box be stack on the stoop , most of they protect from the rain by the eave but some not . osbourne's voice what the fuck ? outside the car stop . osbourne emerge , run through the rain to the front stoop . rain drum against cardboard . osbourne what the fuck ? he put he key in the lock and ---- it do not turn . osbourne ( cont 'd ) ... Fucking ... he nudge a cardboard box with he toe . he look up at the dark house , squinting against the rain . 92 int . jamba juice - day 92 Linda and Chad sit at the counter , Linda drink a large protein shake , Chad idly twirling a straw wrapper around one finger . chad why do you tell he we could get more stuff ? linda well maybe we can . chad that 's all manolo find ! that be everything ! what be we , gonna tell manolo to scoop some more secret shit off the locker room floor ! linda hey ! yellow revision 8/24/07 72. chad what . linda I do not like the snideness ! nor the * negativity ! chad ( abash ) I be sorry . linda I be just try to work this thing ! if I be go to reinvent myself I need that surgeries . and that surgeries cost money ! this be not just fun and game ! chad yuh-huh . I be sorry . linda so let 's figure this thing out ! public address Chad , you Berry blast be ready . linda we know who he be chad right : osbourne Cox . linda so we can find out where he life , right ? chad um. I guess . linda you should change . into you suit . chad why ? linda so you do not look out of place in the neighborhood . there be certain elementary thing . chad his neighborhood ? yellow revision 8/24/07 73. linda yes . we will remove the laundry mark and label . and you should not be carry id . chad Laundry mark ? * linda deniability . chad okay . public address Chad , you Berry blast be wait . 93 ext . cox townhouse - day 93 long lens point-of -view a car be pull into the driveway . Katie Cox emerge from the driver 's side . reverse show Chad , in he suit , watch from a park car across the street . now Harry pfarrer emerge from the passenger side wear a brown pin-stripe suit . encumber by something bulky he follow Katie up the walk . it seem to be some kind of pillow or cushion under he arm , but very large , and wedge-shaped . Katie be let herself in ; Harry give a furtive glance around ---- as Chad sink back in he car seat ---- before enter with the wedge-cushion . the door close . Chad relax , straighten up . a beat . he look idly around . he notice : another car , park on the same side of the street , further up . someone be just straighten from a slouch to become visible over the driver 's headrest . Chad look , puzzle . 94 int . car / ext . cox townhouse - day - later 94 Chad be suck the dregs of he jamba juice up a straw when a noise bring he look around : 74 . the door to the townhouse be open . Katie emerge , in a change of clothes . Harry follow in sweat . they get into she car . it pull out . Chad watch it go up the street . he be about to open he door but pause , see : the park car up the street . Katie 's car have pass , it now pull out and follow at a discreet distance . both car disappear . Chad open he door and get out . he be crossing to the townhouse when he notice another car park on the other side of the street . a man sit in the driver 's seat , smoking . Chad proceed on to the house . there be a bar garden - level door tuck under the stoop . Chad check out the caging on the door . he look up the façade of the house . 95 int . katie' car / ext . potomac bridge - day 95 it pull over at one end of the potomac bridge that we have see before . Harry emerge . harry what 's the odometer say ? katie five . harry about five or approximately five ? I mean ---- about f---- katie for fuck 's sake , Harry , it 's five mile . five point two . harry okay , fine ---- I gotta do at least five . five and a deuce be okay . katie I be surprised you have any energy leave . harry you kiddin' ---- pull around the corner we will do it again in back ! 75 . katie you be very coarse . harry no , back of the car . I do not mean a rear-entry , uh ---- katie ach . I be late ---- the car squeal away , leave Harry on the shoulder . 96 ext . cox townhouse - day 96 Chad be cornere the house on the driveway side , appraise . a low wall separate driveway from back garden . Chad give a quick glance around . 97 ext . cox townhouse - back garden - day 97 Chad vault the wall to land in the garden . the garden step down to a back door . Chad check out the window in back , then go to the door . it be lock . it have a large window . 98 int . cox townhouse - back window - day 98 we can see Chad 's form outside the door . its pane be tapped once ... twice ... it break . 99 ext . potomac bridge - day 99 harry jogging he spin , jog backward . his point - of-view : a car , travel slowly . follow ? Harry cut across a park lawn . 100 int . townhouse basement - day 100 Chad be nose around the basement . he notice ozzie 's office set-up . 101 ext . STREET near park - day 101 76 . harry emerging from the park onto another street . he look around and , satisfied that he have lose the tail , jog on . 102 int . cox townhouse - basement - day 102 Chad be look at the screen of ozzie 's computer . he fish a CD out of he suit pocket , feed it into the computer . 103 ext . residential STREET - day 103 harry jogging , enter a residential area . 104 int . cox townhouse - day 104 Chad be emerge from the basement . he be look idly around , head toward the front door when a shape materialize in its frost glass sidelight . Chad freeze . there be scraping at the lock . Chad quickly mount the stair . 105 int . cox townhouse - second floor - day 105 Chad freeze , listen . the downstairs door swing open , shut . footstep . a tread on the stair : Chad scurries into the first open door . 106 int . cox townhouse - bedroom - day 106 Chad hotfoot into a closet and ease its door most of the way shut . the footstep mount the stair . Chad peek out . his Pov : the bed , bedclothes rumple . in the middle of the bed , a wedge-cushion . 77 . Beyond , the open bedroom door show a slice of hallway and stair . Harry arrive at the top of the stair . he nudge back a drape on the window at the top of the step . he look down one way , then the other . he let the drape fall back and seem to relax . Harry enter the bedroom . he strip off he shirt and step out of he pants on he way into the bathroom off the master bedroom . he leave the door open . Chad reach gingerly for the closet door to close it but stop abruptly as we hear the shower turn off and the curtain whipped back . Harry emerge from the shower . he rinse off , hum " bear free , " and walk into the foreground pull on short and shirt and a pair of dress pants that be drape across a bureau . Chad shrink back into the closet as Harry approach . Harry stop , just outside the crack door . through the crack we see only the white of he shirt . abruptly Harry turn he back to we and recede into the room and bend to pick something off the floor . Chad lean in ever so slightly to see , but draw back again as Harry approach . Chad look over to he right : on a hanger , the brown pinstripe coat that match Harry 's pants . the closet door be throw open . chad nuhhh ! harry ahhhhhhhhhh ! Harry jerk up the gun which he 's pull from the shoulder holster in he other hand and ----bam ----shoot Chad in the face . the gun buck . unuse to the recoil and still scream , Harry stagger back and trip over the edge of the bed and drop the weapon . he crab briefly backward and then flip over and scramble off on all four . in the hallway he rise and trample down the stair . 78 . 107 int . cox townhouse - bottom of stair - day 107 he stop at the bottom of the step , panting . he look back up the step , try to control he heavy breathe so that he can listen . a long silence . harry ... hello ? no answer . he look around . 108 int . cox townhouse - kitchen - day 108 Harry enter . he open a drawer , close it , open another . 109 int . cox townhouse - foyer - day 109 Harry enter from the kitchen and start slowly mount the stair , a chopping knife in one hand . harry ... hello ? 110 int . cox townhouse - second floor - day 110 Harry top the stair . he pause , look at : the bedroom door , ajar . Inside , he gun lie on the floor . Harry take cautious step toward the door . he pause at the crack door . suddenly : harry hungh ! he plunge through the door and run for the gun and scoops it , drop the knife . he stand and spin , panting . his point - of-view : the closet . its door ajar . leg protrude into the room as if Chad , hide within , be sit with he back against the closet wall contemplate he next move . 79 . Harry walk cautiously over . with a bare foot he experimentally waggle one of Chad 's foot . limp . Harry nudge the door . harry ( cont 'd ) ... hello ? it creak fully open . harry ( cont 'd ) ... omygod . omygod . Chad 's face be a powder - burn , chew - up mess . harry ( cont 'd ) ... omygod who be you . you fucker . omygod . he gingerly crouch down . harry ( cont 'd ) ... you fucker ... he try to avert he eye as he feel in Chad 's suit pocket . harry ( cont 'd ) ... omygod , my god ... ungh ... he come away with a wallet and hastily stand . harry ( cont 'd ) ... omygod ... Inside be a few dollar and nothing else : no credit card , driver 's license ; empty . harry ( cont 'd ) ... what the fuck ... he lean back in , try not to look , but for some reason feel oblige to return the wallet . as he open the suit coat to slip it back in the inside pocket he notice : the suit label have be cut away . he finger the ravele fringe . harry ( cont 'd ) ... oh my fuck ... he straighten up again . 80 . harry ( cont 'd ) ... I kill a fuck spook . you fucker ... he gaze down at the body . harry ( cont 'd ) ... what be you do here , you fucker . 111 int . CIA hallway - day 111 we track at floor level , follow the well shine shoe of someone walk down the well polished hallway . 112 int . CIA headquarters - door / palmer' office - day 112 we be low , outside a office door . the shoe enter frame and the door be swing inward , away from we , to show palmer debakey Smith seat behind he desk . he look up . palmer Olson . what 's up . the door slam shut . 113 int . CIA headquarters - door / palmer' office - day 113 some time later . we camera position be higher . at the cut the door swing open and palmer Smith stride out , grim -face . 114 int . CIA headquarters - office hallway - day 114 track behind he shoe down a different piece of hallway . 115 int . CIA headquarters - another door / chubb' office - day 115 palmer Smith 's back enter and he swing the door open . a silver- haire man look up from he desk where he be lean back , eat orange section off a paper towel on the desktop . man palmer . what 's up . 81 . palmer not quite certain , sir , but it 's ... messy . he seat himself face the desk . a desktop nameplate identify he superior as gardner mcc . chubb . palmer hand a folder across , grimace . palmer ( cont 'd ) ... kolyma - 2 tell we that they have computer file from a ex-analyst of mine , osbourne Cox . gardner chubb kolyma - 2 ? palmer we man in the Russian embassy . gardner chubb mm. palmer it be bring to they by a woman who ---- gardner chubb the Russians ? palmer yeah . it be bring in by Linda litzke , a associate of a guy name Harry pfarrer . picture 's in the folder . with pfarrer 's . gardner chubb the Russians . palmer yeah . gardner chubb who 's pfarrer ? palmer treasury agent who 's be , um , screwing Mrs. Cox . must be how they get the file . or maybe ozzie know about it , they all seem to be sleep with each other . gardner chubb all right . spare I . 82. palmer yes sir . but this treasury guy ---- it 's get ... complicated . he just shot somebody in ozzie 's house . gardner chubb shot ---- you analyst ? palmer shake he head . palmer ozzie be not there . we man surveying hear a gunshot , see the treasury guy wrestle something into he car , follow he ; he dump a body in the chesapeake Bay . gardner chubb well ---- what would he do that for ? palmer do not know sir . gardner chubb oh for Christ sake . anyone fish the body out ? palmer mm-hm . gardner chubb Russian ? american ? palmer do not know . scrubbed of id . gardner chubb and this ... Linda ...? palmer Linda litzke . gardner chubb she 's treasury ? palmer no , we be ----um ... fuzzy on she . gardner chubb be flipping bemusedly through the content of the folder . gardner chubb well ----so---- we do not really know what anyone be after . 83. palmer not really , sir . gardner chubb this analyst , ex-analyst , uh ... palmer Cox . gardner chubb yeah . what 's he clearance level . palmer Three . gardner chubb okay . okay , no biggie ... he reach the folder back to palmer . gardner chubb ( cont 'd ) ... for now just keep a eye on everyone , see what they do . palmer right , sir . and ---- we will interface with the FBI on this , uh , dead body ? gardner chubb no ! no , we do not want that idiot blunder around in this . burn the body . get rid of it . and keep a eye on everyone , see what they do . report back when , um , I do not know . when it make sense . 116 int . yacht cabin - day 116 a hopping man in a unitard his hand be on he hip . he be darkly Mediterranean and very fit . he smile into the camera as he hop in time to upbeat music , kick a leg out on each beat . man to the leave !... repeat !... to the right !... repeat !... and in !... and out !... and higher !... repeat !... wider show that the man be on tv lead the viewer in exercise . the viewer , in this case , be osbourne Cox , on he boat . 84 . he follow along in he underwear in the cramped quarter belowdeck . box and luggage be strewn about , half - unpack . he pants as he exercise : osbourne I be bigger ... I be back ... I be better ... I be back ... than ever ... I be back ... fucker ... I be back ... man on tv ... and good !... repeat !... now bend !... and bounce !... . and lower !... repeat !... and up !... and back !... and up !... repeat ! 117 int . ted' office / linda' office - day 117 linda we be on a long lens point-of-view , from several cubicle over , of Linda slump at she desk , head in she arm . we faintly hear she sobbing . reverse show Ted treffon , the soulful manager of hardbody , look at she , unsettle . close on linda we be in she cubicle now , she weep bump up at the cut . a tap against the cubicle window bring she head up . Ted treffon open the door . ted Linda . you okay ? linda I be fine , Ted , I be sorry . he sit at the chair alongside she desk . ted you do not look fine . linda no no , I be ... I be ... ted you will not tell I what it 's about . you never let I in , Linda . 85 . linda oh , I know you be trustworthy , I just ... do not want to endanger other people with ---- I mean , it 's a path I have choose , it 's not , you have to isolate , you know , a firewall . Ted sigh . ted uh-huh . well , I do not know what to think . you both go awol on Friday ; today Chad do not bother to come in at all ---- linda I know , Ted . ted Linda , I can not run a gym this way . linda I know , Ted . ted I be go to have to fire he . linda no ! no no no , Ted ! just , just . . . ted what ? linda give I twenty - four hour ! ted to what ? linda to , um ... I do not know , twenty - four hour ! ted Linda ---- linda just give I twenty - four hour to solve this thing ! ted Linda . I have to tell you . a man be here earlier ask about you . yellow revision 8/24/07 86. Linda look at Ted for a beat , think . linda foreigner ? ted Linda , be you in some kind of trouble ? be Chad run from something ? linda Ted , we know what we be do . let I ask you this : do he know my name . ted whuh ---- yes , he be ask about you . employment history , et cetera . Real jerk . I tell he to get lose . she take he hand . linda thank you , Ted . Ted swallow . he look down . ted well , we ... Linda still have he hand . he try to cover he reaction to the physical contact . ted ( cont 'd ) ... we just do not give that out at hardbody . the phone beep . a voice come through the intercom : voice Linda , there 's a Mr. krapotkin on line * two . linda omygod ! she punch a button on the phone . linda ( cont 'd ) ... hello ? Mr. krapkin ? * voice Linda ? yellow revision 8/24/07 87 . linda yes ? voice this be ilan krapotkin . Russian embassy . returning you call . linda yes , yes !---- hang on . Ted , I be sorry . this be private . look at she , Ted sigh . he shake he head sadly , rise and go . Linda push the door of the cubicle shut with she foot . linda ( cont 'd ) ... hello . be this a secure line , Mr. krapkin ? * beat . krapotkin heh-heh . another beat . linda Mr. krapkin ? * krapotkin yes ? linda be this a secure , uh ---- krapotkin you be joke ? linda no ! I ---- I be terribly worried about my associate . my----my ---- you know ... Chad . krapotkin yes ? why be that ? linda do you have he ? krapotkin do we have he ? linda be he ---- I do not know what the term be , do he , " go over " ? Blue revision 8/1/07 88. krapotkin um ... Linda glance up . outside she cubicle window Ted wait ; at Linda 's look he turn palm up : what 's go on ? Linda hold up a finger : one second . linda do you know where he be ? krapotkin be he not ... at hardbody ? linda no , I ---- look , can I come in and discuss this ? 118 int . cox townhouse - kitchen - day 118 * Harry pfarrer stand at the kitchen counter chopping carrot . he be intensely focus and chop very , very quickly , produce slice in high volume . reverse show Katie Cox in a chair in the live room , freeze in a look up , a file of papers forget in one hand as she gaze over half - glass at Harry . his chopping continue unabate . after a long look and much chopping : katie you seem distract . harry ( still chopping ) do I ? katie very distract . the last two day . harry nn. work . the chopping continue . Katie 's eye shift down to the countertop , back up to Harry . another beat . katie ... that 's enough carrot , do not you think ? 89 . harry huh ? katie for the salad ? the chopping stop . Harry slap the knife down . he stare at Katie , jaw grind , for a beat . harry you know : you be really a very negative person . katie ... what ? through grit tooth : harry I have try . to ignore it . and stay upbeat . Katie , unused to backtalk from Harry , be stunne . she return in a manner as hard as he : katie Harry : stop the foolishness . harry stop the foolishness ? katie yes . and behave . you be not talk to one of you ... her finger form quote : katie ( cont 'd ) ... " shithole buddy . " Harry glare at she , vibrate with rage . her look at he be equally hard . Harry abruptly turn and stomp up the stair . brief tromping on the second floor . Katie sit in puzzle suspense . footfall descend the staircase . Blue revision 8/1/07 90 . Harry reappear at the foot of the stair with he wedge - cushion tuck under a arm . he fling the front door open , go out , slam it shut . 119 ext . cox townhouse / int . harry car - day 119 * Harry stomp to he car in the driveway and fling in the cushion . he get in , seethe . after a beat he pull out he cell phone and dial . a ring . pick-up . a female voice : sandy hello ? harry honey . it 's so good to hear you voice . sandy something wrong , Harry ? harry no. yes . can you come home ? you baby need you . a beat . harry ( cont 'd ) ... can you please come home ? sandy Harry , you know I ---- harry I can show you you present . it 's finish . sandy oh Harry . I can not just leave the book tour . Harry sag . harry yeah . sandy there be two day leave . there 's still Seattle . harry yeah . Blue revision 8/1/07 91 . sandy I love you , Harry . harry okay . yeah . Love you too . he fold the phone , miserable . as he pocket it he attention be catch by something in the side- view mirror : the car park across the street . a man 's shape in the driver 's seat . 120 ext . townhouse - day 120 * Harry , jaw set , get out of the car and start down the drive . the park car start . harry hey ! fucker ! the car try to pull out but be closely hemmed in by car front and back ; it will need a couple move . Harry run back to he own car , start it , throw it into reverse and back straight down the drive toward the frantically shuttling car . he t-bone it . voice from within car fucker ! Harry , amp , throw he car into drive , pull halfway up the driveway . harry fucker ! fucker ! he again throw the car into reverse . the man in the other car abandon he attempt to pull out and scramble frantically toward the passenger side . Harry again smashes into the car . Blue revision 8/1/07 92 . 121 ext . STREET across from townhouse - day 121 * the other man emerge from the far side . he flee down the sidewalk as fast as he weight will permit , pocket change jingling , yell as he run : man fucker ! Harry run after he , call : harry who do you work for ?! who do you work for ?! pound footstep . harry ( cont 'd ) ... tell I ! the overweight man do not have Harry 's stamina : Harry close , leap , and tackle . he crawl up the man 's body , hand - over -hand , panting : harry ( cont 'd ) ... who do you work for ? CIA ? nsc ? the other man be panting much harder : man tuchman marsh ! this stop Harry . he be not sure what he 's hear . harry what ? man tuchman marsh ! harry ... tuchman marsh ? man yes ! harry you name be ... tuchman marsh ? man tuchman marsh hauptman rodino ! 93. Harry stare at the man underneath he . the gasp man explain : man ( cont 'd ) ... I work for they ! harry you ... work for tuchman marsh . man yes ! harry which be a law firm . man no ! a rock band ! yes , it 's a law firm ! harry well ... why be you follow I ? man divorce action , numbnut ! Harry be blindside . he stare . he slowly sit up , digest : harry my ... my wife hire you ?! the freed tuchman marsh man also sit up , still panting heavily . man no. you wife hire tuchman marsh . tuchman marsh hire I . I work for tuchman marsh . harry you be ---- you be ---- a divorce detective . man not just . credit , miss person , whatever . harry but this be divorce . man ( " duh " ) well ... yeah . 94 . Harry rise and walk stiffly , zombie-like , up the street . the man watch he go . after a few pace Harry stop and sit on the curb . he start weep . the man , still breathe heavily , call out : man ( cont 'd ) ... Jesus ---- grow up , man ! it happen to everybody ! Harry 's cell phone chirp . he fish it out and unfold it , sniveling . harry yeah ? voice Harry , it 's osbourne Cox . Harry stare , try to fit this in . osbourne prompt , after a silent beat : voice ( cont 'd ) ... Harry ? harry yeah ? osbourne Harry , could I get you wife 's number ? this be osbourne Cox , could I trouble you for you wife 's ---- harry you can not tell she anything she do not already know , fucker . osbourne what ? Harry again stare : maybe he have this figure wrong . after a silence : osbourne ( cont 'd ) ... be this ... Harry pfarrer ? harry you want ... Sandy 's number ? echoing up the street : Blue revision 8/1/07 95 . man can I use you phone ? to call a tow ? 122 int . osbourne's boat - day 122 * osbourne pace the cramped cabin belowdeck , a phone to he ear . he be unshaven , wear a robe . filter ring , then a connection : sandy'' voice hello ? osbourne Sandy ? sandy yes ? osbourne hi , it 's osbourne Cox , how be you . hi. sandy ... hi. osbourne hi . sorry to call out of the blue but I have a , well , a publishing question and I think you might be the person to ask , I have this manuscript , something to do with my professional experience , not to go into too much detail but I think it 's pretty explosive stuff and I think that it could merit a fairly wide readership handle properly and it be not quite finish yet but there 's a situation where I be worried about it leak now and maybe excerpt be publish or on the internet , whatever , without my permission , and a lot of the impact be , um , blunt , so I be actually anxious to bring it to market sooner than I would plan ---- I mean , like now , in fact ---- so I be think , I know you , and you seem to do well , so I be wonder if you be happy with you publisher . the people you use . a long beat . 96 . sandy you have write a child 's book ? osbourne no ! no no , a , a kind of a memoir , but ---- do not you company have a adult arm ? or be not it , uh , the child 's arm ? of a regular publisher ? sandy pappas &amp ; swain do child 's literature . osbourne uh-huh . I see . so they do not ---- okay ... be you well ? sandy very well thank you . and you . osbourne yes. good . okay , well , thank you Sandy . sandy yes . good talk to you . disconnect . osbourne yank the rubber band off a bundle of mail . osbourne bitch . 123 int . russian embassy - hallway - day 123 two pair of footstep echo down a long hallway as Linda litzke be escort by a solemn Russian staffer . 124 int . russian embassy - another room - day 124 a wait room . a long beat ; Linda sit wait . a door open . Mr. krapotkin emerge . Linda stand to go to the inner office but krapotkin motion she back down . krapotkin yes , madam . can we help you ? 97 . linda what kind of mickey mouse embassy be you run ?! I have be wait here for fifty - five minute , and I be ---- krapotkin I be so sorry , madam . a urgent matter . linda well this could be urgent too , since , you know , Chad have be miss for forty - eight hour now and ---- krapotkin I do not know the whereabouts of Chad , madam . linda well he be gather information for you when he ---- krapotkin we be not interested in such " information " . it be drivel . Linda be dumbfounded . a silent beat . linda ... dribble ! krapotkin fish something from he pocket . krapotkin would you like you disk back ? linda ... dribble ! krapotkin stand with the disk extend toward she . krapotkin I be so sorry I can not help you . Linda recover from she astonishment and be move to outrage : linda I will tell you what 's dribble ! you listen to I , Mr. krapkin ! I be ---- Blue revision 8/1/07 98 . 125 int . russian embassy - hallway again 125 look the opposite way . we hear two pair of footstep . they approach for several beat and then Linda and she escort enter frame and recede , footstep echoing . the staffer 's hand be on Linda 's elbow . as we hold on they back and they continue to walk , Linda jerk she arm away ; the staffer regrab it . she jerk away again . linda cut it out . 126 omitted 126 * 127 omitted 127 * 128 int . osbourne's boat - day 128 * a exercise show play on the tv , unwatch . osbourne sit at a little table look at a notice tear from a window envelope . osbourne ... what ? he bring the notice close , squint at it . osbourne ( cont 'd ) ... what the fuck ? he quickly shuffles through the rest of the mail , pull out another envelope , rip it open . Blue revision 8/1/07 99 . a minute later osbourne pace , drink in hand , stare at another piece of mail . osbourne ( cont 'd ) what the fuck ? a minute later osbourne be back at the table , drink half - consume , listen at the phone . osbourne ( cont 'd ) ... yes ... no ... yes , I want to know why the check for my slip fee be return for insufficient fund ... slip fee , for docking my boat , the check be return ... no , m'dam , it 's not zero , I have about forty thousand dollar in that account ... when ? ... when ?... but she can not do that ---- no , yes , technically it may be a joint account but she do not use it , it 's not she money ... no ! no ! what access , it 's not possible ! without my permission ? what about the , my , the , we savings account ? my savings account ?... I do not know the fuck number ! you think I memorize the fuck number on my fuck bank account ! moron !... hello ? a129 ext . pfarrer ' chevy chase house - dusk ( formerly scene 126 ) a129 * we be look at the exterior of the house in wide shot . * peaceful neighborhood . bird chirp . * from inside the house , though , we can faintly hear sob , * punctuate by sound of exertion . each gasp of effort end * in a dull clang . * b129 int . pfarrer basement - night ( formerly scene 127 ) b129 * the wrack sob bump up loud at the cut inside . * Harry be weep as he demolish the love seat with a * sledgehammer . * Blue revision 8/1/07 99a . 129 int . hardbodies - ted' office - next day 129 * Ted stare , horrify . after a beat : ted no-o-o-o-o-o way . no way . whoa . no way , Linda ... she sit opposite he in he office . Ted shake he head . ted ( cont 'd ) ... no . linda but Ted , I can not do it , I do not know anything about computer . 100 . ted Linda , the whole thing be crazy . it be crazy the first time , and you want to do it again ? break into the man 's house ? and why would ---- why would ---- you say the Russians do not even want this stuff ! linda my world be bigger than that , Ted . there 's other people . there 's the chinese . ted Linda , this surgeries ---- linda it 's not just the surgeries , Ted ! it 's not just the money ! we can use it as leverage ! to get Chad back ! ted what do you mean " get he back " ! linda information be power , Ted ! hel -lo ! ted what do you mean " get he back " ! you do not know where he be ! linda somebody have he . and we can ---- ted you ask the police to help you find miss people ! and you ---- linda I can not take it ! I can not take it ! I can not take it ! you know I can not do that ! we be operate off the map here , Ted ! this be way higher than the police , it 's higher than that ! ted Linda , I ---- linda I need a can - do person , Ted ! I hate you negativity ! I hate all you reason why not ! I hate you ! I hate you ! Blue revision 8/1/07 101 . weeping , she storm out . Ted stare , shell - shocked . 130 int . bar - day 130 * in close shot , Ted sit onto a bar stool . dim bar , tinkling piano . bartender' voice what will it be . Ted stare straight ahead . a long beat . he finally focus on the bartender , off . he swallow . another beat . ted Seven &amp ; Seven . 131 int . linda' apartment - night 131 night . Linda be asleep in she bedroom . the buzz of the in - house intercom . Linda stir , wake and reach for the bedside phone . linda hurrow ---- she remove a appliance from she mouth . linda ( cont 'd ) ... hello ? filter voice it 's Harry . 132 int . linda' live room - night 132 Minutes later . Harry be gaze off , slack - jaw , haunt . after a beat : harry you think a marriage be ... and then you ... the think drift off . a sad shake of the head . 102 . Linda enter , hand he a drink . she sit opposite . linda but this be a long time come . Harry look up , surprised . harry be it ? he catch himself . his gaze wander back to the haunt , empty spot . harry ( cont 'd ) ... well , yeah ... right ... linda you be depressed , Harry . harry ( hollowly ) I be depressed . I gotta exercise . I have not run in three day ... butt - crunch ... anything ... do you think I could stay here for a little while ? Linda start quietly weep . this focus Harry 's attention . he look at she as if just now notice she . harry ( cont 'd ) ... what ? what 's wrong , baby ? linda it can not always come from I , Harry ! I be not that strong ! Harry move next to she and put a arm around she . harry what 's wrong , baby ? Harry 's here . linda you be not here for I ! I need a can - do person ! you be all ... defeat ! harry I be sorry , baby ---- linda Chad be the only can - do person I know and he 's go , Harry , he 's go . 103 . harry I will be good . I will be better . I just need to exercise . be there pedestrian path around here ? he squeeze she shoulder , take a gulp of the drink . harry ( cont 'd ) ... who the fuck be Chad ? linda could you help I find he ? he 's a friend from work . you know law enforcement people , right ? you could call , unofficially ? harry wait a minute , what 's he name ? what happen ? linda Chad feldheimer . he just disappear . he have not be at work or at home for two day . harry okay . linda he ---- harry you know he social security number ? linda huh ? no ! I ---- harry it 's okay . that 's okay . what 's the last place you see he ? linda ( snuffling ) I do not know ! he just disappear ! the last place I see he be the jamba juice on k Street . and he 's go . Harry squeeze she shoulder again . harry okay baby . we will find you friend . miss person . piece of cake . 104 . 133 int . pediatric exam room - day 133 a epiglottis illuminate by a small light . it quaver . the tongue start to rise and the mouth start to close . woman' voice no , stay open ... wider : a pediatric examine room decorate with colorful print of cartoon character and clown . Katie Cox , in a white smock , have a tongue depressor in a five - year - old 's mouth and a light - sight in one hand . she withdraw both as the child finish close he mouth . the child 's mother stand by . Katie grasp the child by the upper arm . woman' voice ( cont 'd ) ... you have to let the doctor look in you mouth . the child keep he lip press together . woman' voice ( cont 'd ) ... now you listen to I , young man . you do as I say or I will ask you mother to leave the doctor 's office and the two of we will sort out what 's what . the child look at she fearfully . the wall phone bleep . Katie roll to it on she castore chair . woman' voice ( cont 'd ) ... yes . she listen briefly . woman' voice ( cont 'd ) ... with a patient . she hang up . 134 int . osbourne's boat - day 134 osbourne , in dress gown and pyjamas , be bark into the phone : 105 . osbourne yeah ? the same patient she 's be with since yesterday ? bullshit ! filter voice Dr. Cox have suggest you call she attorney ---- osbourne yeah , right ! tell she I get the new fuck key ! he slam down the phone . 135 ext . boat deck 135 the hatch be throw open and osbourne emerge from below . there be a large build - in toolbox just by the hatch . he yank it open and pull out a hatchet . osbourne New key ... 136 dock 136 osbourne stride grimly down the dock in he bathrobe , hatchet in hand . 137 int . " good morning , seattle " set - day 137 Sandy pfarrer be sit in a armchair on a morning show live room set surround by a dozen eight - year- old sit on the carpet . host Del and connie sit next to she in swivel chair . sandy ( read ) and it be just then ---- at that very moment ---- that Oliver sneeze ---- del can we just ---- I be sorry to interrupt but we have to let the folk at home see this illustration ! can we just get a shot of that ... he be hold the book open , face out on he lap . del ( cont 'd ) there ---- there it be . Oliver . interrupt the filibuster with ---- 106 . connie that 's wonderful ! del wonderful ! the book be " Point of order , Oliver ! " and the talented author be Sandra pfarrer . we be gonna go to a station break and then be right back with Bud fraighle , the sultan of salad , and part two of we special interview with dermot mulroney . so keep it where it be ! Del and connie and Sandy all wear smile that stay fix a beat too long . then Del relax and turn to Sandy . del ( cont 'd ) ... great segment . sandy thank you . del yeah , you know we think it might be fun if you join we with Bud fraighle and help make the fiesta salad , when we move over . connie over on the kitchen set . sandy that be not discuss . del oh , sure ! no ! only if you want to ! you segment go great , we just think ---- sandy I be sorry , I make plan . del okay , great ! connie great to see you again , Sandra ! she give they a cold smile as a technician finish unclip she lavaliere and she leave . connie look at Del and mouth " bitch . " 107 . 138 ext . cox townhouse - day 138 osbourne 's crumple - back car roar up . it cut a corner of the lawn and squeal to a halt in the drive . osbourne emerge , still in robe and pyjamas , with the hatchet . he go to the front door and bashes at the knob with the blunt end of the hatchet . osbourne New ... fuck ... key ... how 's this for access ... hardware start to fall off and jangle onto the stoop . osbourne try the sharp end of the hatchet a couple time , decide he prefer the blunt end . osbourne ( cont 'd ) ... how 's this for motherfuck access ... more thing fall off . the knob wobble in the door . osbourne push the door open . 139 int . studio - hallway - day 139 Sandy pfarrer be accompany by a bright young pr woman . pr woman that be way out of line . we be so unbelievably clear with they : just a Oliver segment . sandy it 's fine . pr woman Del and connie be such putze . sandy it 's fine . thank you . we be finish . pr woman huh ? well , okay . great , uh ---- Sandy , enter she dress room , be already shutting the door on she . 108 . 140 int . studio dressing room - day 140 Inside a man lounge read a magazine . he look a little like Harry but young . sandy think that would never be over . the man rise and kiss she . man mmm . I too . sandy let I scrub this crap off my face . 141 int . cox townhouse kitchen - day 141 osbourne open a cabinet , mutter : osbourne just for starter ... he take out liquor bottle and start put they in a pack case on the kitchen counter . 142 ext . WASHINGTON mall - day 142 people sit on bench eat lunch . Harry pfarrer be on the bench where he and Linda meet , once again spitting sunflower seed . Linda walk up . they greet each other with a kiss . harry hello there sunshine . you look great . linda well you seem better . Harry do indeed seem more like he old self . harry yeah , I snuck in a little gym time this morning . and we exercise last night do not hurt ! Linda be shocked but secretly pleased : linda Harry ! 109 . harry Boy , I be through bang my head against the wall . I be gonna start do what 's right for I . linda that 's how I believe , also . you have to do what 's right for ---- harry yeah ! Hell yeah ! I mean I have a shock recently , and I realize you know , life be not infinite . no one 's immortal . linda no one 's immortal . harry you have to get from each day its full , uh , squeeze the juice from every day because there but for the grace of God ---- linda exactly . the important thing be to maintain a positive outlook . always up . always ebullient . harry that 's right , do not sweat the small stuff ... Linda chime in : Linda and Harry harry ( cont 'd ) ... and it 's all small stuff . Harry reach for Linda and she slide closer . he put a arm around she . harry ( cont 'd ) this be where we first meet . remember ? linda of course I do . harry you never know what the important day be , until ... until , um ... 110 . the think drift away as he gaze fix on something . with he look still fix : harry ( cont 'd ) ... I tell myself I be gonna stop be paranoid , but ... be that guy look at we ? Linda follow he look . on a bench a short distance away a middle - age man with aviator glass and hair plug be stare at they . linda ( hastily ) no , no . a slightly overweight woman stop tentatively in front of the man in the aviator glass and they start to talk . Linda turn to Harry . linda ( cont 'd ) ... have you find out anything about Chad ? harry nothing yet , I have make a couple call . I do not think it will take long . linda really ? harry oh yeah , there be so many data basis now it 's a joke ... relaxing now that he see the man in aviator glass engage in conversation , Harry warm to he theme . harry ( cont 'd ) ... back when I be in pp there be still some art to find people . not any more . and now with the cell phone ? pretty soon they be gonna know where everyone be . everyone . at any give moment . I mean it 's almost the reality now . you would be amaze . linda uh-huh . 111 . harry do he ---- when you leave the jamba juice ---- do Chad say anything about where he might be go ? linda oh , I know where he be go . harry oh yeah ? linda a residence in Alexandria . on hillsboro drive . Harry have stop chew . he be stare at she . Linda feel oblige to fill the silence . linda ( cont 'd ) ... 2055 hillsboro . Harry stare . Linda do not know what to make of he fix stare . linda ( cont 'd ) ... it 's , um . the residence of a guy name osbourne Cox . Harry be beginning to look sick . a long silence . then , quietly : harry who be you ? now Linda stare , unsure of what to make of the question . harry ( cont 'd ) ... who be you ? Linda 's eye widen . she be a little frighten . people nearby turn to look . it be a scene . harry ( cont 'd ) ... who do you work for ? Harry reach up . he grab she by the shoulder and shake . harry ( cont 'd ) ... who be you ? really ? 112 . Linda be at sea . she answer in a small voice : linda I be ... just ... Linda litzke . Harry stare at she . a long beat . he leap to he foot and look around in a panic . his point- of-view , sweeping the park . nearby , the man with plug , though talk with he date , be look at he again . farther away , a man sit in a curbside sedan . watch ? hard to say . Harry turn and run . Linda gape . linda ( cont 'd ) ... Harry ! 143 int . cox townhouse - master bedroom - day 143 osbourne set the pack box heavily down on a bureau in the upstairs bedroom . the box be a third load up with liquor bottle . it also hold a mix drink which osbourne now take out . the ice cube clink as he sip , poke through thing in the bureau . one drawer hold scarve and accessory and a large case . he open the case and start dump jewelry from it into the cardboard box . suddenly : osbourne ow ! fuck ! he yank he hand back and shake it . he look at the ball of he thumb . he suck it . he carefully pick a brooch out of the jewelry case and fling it across the room . he resume dump jewelry into he box . he suddenly stop : a faint knock . the front door . osbourne wait . the knock repeat . 113. another beat . the front door creak open . osbourne carefully set down he drink . he step quietly to the closet and pull a small cedar chest off a high shelf . 144 ext . WASHINGTON mall / int . linda' car - day 144 Linda fling open the door to she car park on the street border the mall . she get in and turn the ignition . pull into traffic she check she rear-view , and she look snag on : a dark four- door sedan pull out a few car back . it fall in behind she . its driver be a man in sunglass . he reach up and touch fingertip to one ear . Linda frown . she look forward , glance again at the mirror . another dark car pull into the lane next to the first . its driver be also a man in sunglass . 145 int . cox townhouse - live room - day 145 downstair , osbourne round the corner from entryway to live room , a handgun at the ready . his drink be in he other hand . Ice cube clink as he move . the live room be empty . osbourne advance cautiously . a quick sidelong look at the kitchen . empty . he proceed to the basement door . 146 int . linda' car / ext . intersection - day 146 linda drive she give worried glance at she rear-view . the light ahead turn yellow , red . Cars ahead stop . Linda stop . a rhythmic thudding sound . it almost make she car vibrate . 114 . she look around . she roll down she window , stick she head out , look up . a black helicopter hover overhead , rotor thudding . a black - clad body lean partway out . the person seem to be look down . Linda draw she head back in . linda oh for Pete 's sake . 147 int . cox townhouse - basement 147 osbourne be slowly descend the stair , gun and drink in either hand , gun up , ice cube clinking . the basement come slowly into view . someone stand behind he desk , at the computer . osbourne descend further . he stop on the bottom step and stare at Ted treffon , the soulful manager of hardbody . Ted stare at he . a long silence between the two man . then , quietly : osbourne and you be ... my wife 's lover . ted no. osbourne then what be you do here . silence . osbourne take the last step down . he advance slowly , gun train on Ted . osbourne 's look , hold on Ted , change . osbourne ( cont 'd ) ... I know you . you be the guy at the gym . Ted lick he lip . ted I be not here represent hardbody . 115 . osbourne I know what you represent . you represent the idiocy of today . Ted shake he head . ted I do not represent that , either . osbourne oh yes . you be the guy when I go to ask about that moronic woman . ted she 's not ---- osbourne you be in league with that moronic woman . you be part of a league of moron . ted no. osbourne yes . you be one of the moron I have be fight all my life . my whole fuck life . but guess what . guess what . today I win . bang . ted ah ! Ted be shot in the upper chest . he grab a three - hole punch from the desktop and fling it at osbourne and charge . osbourne oh ! bang ----another shot go off . Ted barrel into osbourne , knock he over ---- osbourne ( cont 'd ) ... oooph ! ---- and go on past he , lumber up the stair . osbourne get to he foot . pink revision 8/14/07 116. osbourne ( cont 'd ) ... stop! intruder ! 148 ext . cox townhouse - day 148 Ted stagger out of the house , a hand press to he chest . he have reach the front lawn when osbourne emerge , robe flap , pursue with the hatchet . osbourne intruder ! he quickly catch up to Ted and whacks at he . ted oh ! osbourne whacks he down . he keep whack at he . 149 int . chubb' office - day 149 gardner chubb be behind he desk . gardner chubb wait . palmer debakey Smith be seat across from he . he freeze . a beat . gardner chubb rub he forehead . gardner chubb ( cont 'd ) ... wait a minute . where 's the treasury guy ? pfarrer ? palmer right now ? gardner chubb right now . palmer in a detention room at Washington dulle . * gardner chubb ... why ? palmer he be try to board a flight to Venezuela . ( more ) 117 . palmer ( cont 'd ) we have he name on a hot list , the INS pull he . do not know why he be go to Venezuela . gardner chubb you do not know . palmer no sir . gardner chubb we have no extradition with Venezuela . palmer oh. uh-huh . well ---- what should we do with he ? gardner chubb for fuck 's sake , put he on the next flight to Venezuela ! palmer yes sir . okay . gardner chubb be weary . gardner chubb okay . so the gym manager be dead . palmer yes sir . gardener chubb the body be ---- palmer go , sir . gardener chubb okay ---- palmer but ---- there be a , uh ... snag ... gardner chubb what . palmer well . this analyst , Cox , be attack the gym guy . it be broad daylight , on the street . we man there do not know what to do . he feel he have to step in . 118. gardner chubb yes ? palmer he , uh ... he shot the analyst . he shot Cox . gardner chubb good ! great ! be he dead ? palmer no sir . gardner chubb grimace . palmer ( cont 'd ) ... he 's in coma . they be not sure whether he will make it . they think , they be pretty sure he have no brain function . gardner chubb okay . okay . if he wake up we will worry about it then . Jesus , what a clusterfuck . that 's it then . no one else really know anything . okay . palmer um . well sir , there be ... gardner chubb what . palmer um ... gardner chubb what . palmer there be the woman . the gym woman . Linda litzke . gardner chubb oh yeah . fuck . where be she . palmer we pick she up . we have she . gardner chubb can we , uh ---- 119 . palmer she , she , she say she will play ball if we pay for some ... I know this sound odd ---- some surgeries she want . cosmetic surgery . she say she will sit on everything . gardner chubb how much . palmer there be several procedure . all together they run to , um ---- gardner chubb pay it . palmer yes sir . should I pay it out of , should it be from ---- gardner chubb one of the black account , I do not give a shit . the January fund . whatever . palmer okay . gardner chubb Jesus . Jesus fuck Christ . he shake he head . gardner chubb ( cont 'd ) ... what do we learn , palmer . palmer I do not know , sir . gardner chubb I do not fuck know either . I guess we learn not to do it again . palmer yes sir . gardner chubb although I be fuck if I know what we do . palmer yes sir . hard to say . 120 . we pull back from gardner chubb , shaking he head . gardner chubb Jesus . Jesus fuck Christ . 150 ext . CIA headquarters - aerial - day 150 we pull up , back through the cloud , away .