176 " butch cassidy and the sundance kid " William Goldman pinal tuly 15 , 1968 176 not that it matter , but what follow be true . 176 " butch cassidy and the sundance kid " fade in on almost the entire screen in black shadow the upper right corner be the only color , and that be a white that almost sting to look at it -- it be the white heat of the afternoon sun , and the shadow , we come to realize , be the side of some building together with the shadow of that building on the ground . if we do not know quite what it be that we be see at this point , that 's all right . camera hold on the shot , after a moment the shadow of a man begin to fill the upper right corner . as the shadow lengthen , cut to ; a man idly walk around a corner of the building . he be butch cassidy and hard to pin down . thirty - five and bright , _he have brown hair , but most people , if ask to describe nim , would remember he biond . he speak well and quickly , and have be all he life a leader of man ; but if you ask he , he would be damned if he could tell you why . cur to : butch stop by a window , give it a glance . cur to : tee window it be heavily and magnificently bar . cur to : buich scowling briefly at the bar . he move in toward the window to look through , and as he do , there begin '' series of very quick cut . ( butch , it might be note here , be case the bank , and what he be do as he eye flick from place to place inside be probing the place for weakness . but if we do not know quite what it ia that he 's do at this point , that 's all right too . ) . cur to : 10 _ 11 l2 176 a door it be thick and solid metal and strong . CUT to : paper money / be count by ten skilled finger . , cur to : a gun in a holster , belong to a uniform man in a guard 's uniform . . CUT to : a window , high up on one wall . it be , if anything , more heavily and magnificently bar than the first . CUT to : the door of a big safe it be behind shine bar and it be the kind of safe that have a time lock and -- cUr to : butch eye expertly flick from place to place . then he start to walk around the bank again , and he be not happy . cur to : a bank guard it be close time now and he be slamm metal plate into place , the sound loud and sharp and final . the camera pull back to reveal butch , watch the guard work . butch what be the matter with that old bank this town use to have ? it be beautiful . guard ( continue to slam thing shut ) . feople keep robbing it . CUT to : 176 13 15 16 butch who start to walk away across the street toward a barn - of a building with a sign outside : " macon 's saloon . " in the middle of the street he turn and stare back at the bank . it be new , and ugly , and squat , and functional , and build like a tank . CUT to : closeup + butch butch nyell back to the guard ) that 's a small price to pay for beauty . and from this closeup of butch - dissolve to : closeup - a mustaceed man pull back to reveal macon 's saloon . it be a barn of a place , without much decoration , and it be all but empty now , give a even great impression of size . almost the only action in the place come from a game of black -- jack in which the mustached man be deal . ( there be other table set up ready for play , chip and card neatly place , but this be afternoon now , the sun slant in through window , and the cther table be empty . ) CUT to : the blackjack game the mustached man be deal to a player . player hit I . the mustached man flick a card . player over . ee push back from the table , hesitates . then -- player gimme credit , Mr. macon ? cur to : 176 17 18 19 20 21 L joen macon he be a well - dress , good - look man in a big , rugge way . not yet thirty , he give the strong impression of power and maturity -- he have come a long way through a tough world and he have come fast , he be a man who , at all time , know whereof he speak . : macon ( shaking he head tno ! ) you know my rule , Tom . he turn now , look at the mustached man . macon you just about clean everybody , fella -- I do not think you lose since you get the deal . cut to : tkz mustached man he say nothing . cur to : macon macon what 's the secret of you success ? cut to : the mustached man mustached man prayer . , cur to : macon and he be not smile . macon let 's just you and I play . CUT to : 22 23 25 26 176 macon . and the mustached man the mustached man deal quickly , with no excess motion . - the. betting and the flick out of the card go fast . macon hit I . : ( he get another card ) . again . ( another card come fast ) too much . as the mustached man start to take in the money -~ cUrt to : macon smile now . macon you be what 's too much , fella -- whatever it be you be do . you be one helluva cardplayer , - and I know , because I be one helluva cardplayer , and I can not even spot how you be cheating . CUT to : the mustached man do he best to ignore what have just be say . he continue to carefully stack he winning into even pile . cuUT to : macon on he foot . he wear gun , and he big hand be near they , relaxed and ready . cur . to : macon and the mustached man : macon ( point to the money ) that stay -- you go . " mustached man what if I stay ? cont . 176 26 cont . 27 28 29 his reply . be not arrogant -- just factual . macon you will not , CUT to : the mustached man he sit almost sadly , slump in he chair . his head be down . now -- CUT to : butch tear up to the card table , talk as he come ~- butch -- we look a little short of brotherly love around here -- CUT to : macon stand there , he hand by he gun . macon you with this garbage , get yourselves out of here -- CUT to : butch and the mustached man butch be pull at the mustached man who do not budge . as he pull , he talk to macon -- butch yessir , thank you sir , we be just on we way and -- urgently now -- to the mustached man , who will not move -- butch will you come on ? < = CUT to : 31 32 3u 176 butch drop down now beside the mustached man . this next be ' whisper and fast -- mustached man -- I be not cheating -- butch ( try to budge the _ other man ) -- move -= - mustached man -- zt be not cheating -- cur to : macow get a little impatient now -- macon you can die -- no one 's immune -- you can both die -- . . cur to : butch and the mustached man lower and faster even than before -- butch -- you hear that ? -- now you get he mad at I -- mustached man -~ if he invite we to stay , then we will go -- butch -- we be gonna leave anyway -- mustached man -- he 's gotta invite we to stick around ! >= : cur to : closeup - the mustached man and here there will be a series of quick cut , as he eye take in everything around he , this will be not dissimilar in style to the moment with butch case the bank . while cont. 34 cont. the cut be go on , the follow dialogue will continue . overlap and low between butch and the mustached man . the cut will include the follow : . A. be c. D. E. macon' hand a window and SUN streaming in and do it hit anybody 's eye . the area behind the mustached man and be there anyone dangerous there . macon' eye the area to the side of the mustached man and be there room to move . to repeat : while this quick cut take place ( and if we do not know what they be for , again , that 's all right ) , camera return constantly to the mustached man in closeup , with butch beside he , move in and out , both of they talk fast . butch -- he will draw on you -- he 's ready now and you do not know how fast he be -- mustached man -- that 's just what I want to hear -- butch 2 + face it e- he do not look like he intend to lose -- mustached man -- you be really building up my confidence <- butch -+ well itm over the hill - it can happen to you -- every day you get older -- that 's a law -- the mustached man be clearly not leave and as butch realize this -- 176 cur to : 35 butch - rise , move to macon . butch . . what would you . think about maybe invite we to stick around ? whet ? macon at ? butch -- you do not have to mean it or anything -- but if you would just please invite we to stick around I promise you we will go and -- macon gesture sharply for butch to get the hell back out of the way and -- cut to : 176 176 36 37 38 39 4o 10 ° _ butch he hesitates a moment , glance down at the mustached man ' who still sit slump in he chair . butch shake he head , then move back out of the way . butch ( softly ) can not help you , sundance . camera zoom in on macon as the last word echoe . it register , that word , and now macon have a secret he try desperately to keep behind he eye : the man be terrify . cur to : the sundance kid for that be the name of the mustached man . he sit slump a moment more , he head down . then he slowly raise he head , his eye dazzle . he look dead into macon 's eye . still stare , he stand . he too wear gun . , CUT to : macon a brave man do he best , he stand still and do not look away . cur to : sundance he say nothing . cot to : macon , and now the panic be slowly start to seep out . macon I do not kmow you be the sundance kid when I say you be cheating . we to : sundance he say nothing . his eye be on macon 's hand now . CUT to : il 42 . macon' hand _ still close to he gun . cut to : 43 sundance ee say nothing . he just wait , stare . cur to : uy macon macon { the word burst out of he ) if I draw on you you will kill I . curt to : we sundance sundance there be that possibility . curt to : 46 butch move in on macon now . butch no sir , you would just be kill yourself . ( urging now ) so invite we to stick around , why do not you ? cuT to : 47 macon he start to speak , stop , and -- cut to : 48 butch butch e- you can do it -- easy -- . come on , come on -- cut nm : 176 ug 50 51 52 53 5k. 176 12 sundance the man do not make unnecessary motion : he stand now - as before , silent and stare , eye bright , ready . cur to : macon macon ( he can barely get the word out «+- eatick around why do not you ?... cur to : butch and sundance butch thanks but we get to be go . and as they move together along the path of gambling table toward the door -- cuuut to : macon watch they go . macon kid ? {a little louder now ) hey how good be you ? cuT to : butch and sundance sundance make no move , no reaction to have hear macon 's word . butch . do not just stand here , show the man -- and he unexpectedly grab some poker chip fran a table , | flip they high and -- cut to : the poker chip red and blue , and spin prettily , and -- oUt to : - 176 55 56 ST 58 59 60 13 sundan ce diving leave and drop and long before the move be do ' the gun be out and roaring and as the terrible noise sound -- CUT to : all the poker chip and maybe one of they fall untouched through the noise , put all the other , all of they , shatter , and <- CUT to : JOHN macon breathe the biggest sigh of relief anyone ever see and ~- cur to : sundance he gun quiet now , and -- cur to : butce stare at the one poker chip that lay intact on the floor , indicate it to sundance , as they move to exit . butch like I be tell you -= over the hill . and they be go . . : dissolve to : MAIN title sequence tis be a series of shot which , for the first time , really open up the story visually . up until now , the scene have be '' western '' but they have not attempt to include any of that incredible feel of awesome size this kind of picture ought honestly to have . now , in this series of cut -- some with butch and sundance riding , some without -- we get it all . there be a feel of time pass , of distance , of change terrein , all of it lead to the culminate shot when the credit end , and the effect by then should be considerable , for by then we will be at hole -in-the - Wall . a list of shot might include : 176 61 62 63 65 66 67 wu cloud they be white ; just like cloud ought to be , and they . be fluffy , and they hang there in the sky , and pull back to reveal butch and sundance , riding along , above the cloud , which spread out below they , fill a4 canyon . as butch and sundance begin pide down into the cloud -- . cur to : a SMALL eerd of deer startle and scared , veer one way , then another , then go as butch and sundance come riding down . cuut to : tere SUN , dying butch and sundance sit by a low fire , eat quietly . ' CUT to : a snake it be hot and sunny and it make its quick way toward a lake . as it start to swim -- CUT to : butch and sundance riding slowly through the heat , skirt the edge of the lake , continue on . they start they ride high up somewhere , they be now just as clearly down low . there be heat and dry rock and blaze sun and -- : CUT 70 : a flock of bird fly up at a slow angle , and as they contimue to soar , in the distance , there be mountain , and on top of the mountain , snow . CUT to : butch and sundance start a long climb now , work they way up 4 canyon . it be not easy riding and they take they time and == cuT to : 176 68 69 70 71 72 73 7h 15 15 a bend in a stream as the first cool sun ray begin to bounce off . then -- CUT to : butch and sundance saddle they horse as the dawn brighten . they breakfast fire be already beginning to flicker away ; they have be up awhile . cut to : a mountain stream bed it rise toward a distant crest and -- cut to : butch and sundance work they way carefully up along the stream bed , toward the crest . cur to : another angle - butch and sundance riding along the crest , pick up they pace a little mow because they be get there and -- cur to : a rock formation that be strangely shape , almost like a gated entrance to something , which it be , the entrance to hole -in- the - Wall and now == cur to : hole-in -the -wall it be a sloping green valley , concave in shape , its upper rim come in direct contact with a series of enormously high cliff which rise almost vertically . at the bottom of the valley be a series of small lake and stream . '' CUT to : buich and sundance in the gated entrance make by the rock formation . cur to : 176 76 7 78 79 closeup - butch and sundance stare out at all the desolate dsolation . butch ahhhhh ; home . and they start to ride down into the valley . cut to : butch and sundance pide . as they move along , several of the cliff behind they become momentarily visible , which be of interest for only one reason : the cliff be fill with cave and every so often a armed lookout appear from a cave and signal and butch , without ever break the rhythm of he speech , signal back . butch y'kmow , every time I see hole -in- the - Wall again ... pan to the valley and the cliff , glorious and desolate , breathtaking and lonely . butch voice ( 0.8.2 ) veeit 's like see it fresh , for the first time ... butch riding along , sundance beside he . butch «.eand whenever that happen I ask myself the same question : how can I be so damn stupid as to keep come back here ? sundance have hear this kind of speech before from butch . sundance what 's you idea this time ? cur to : closeup - butch butch Bolivia ! cur to : 17 80 sundan ce : he give butch a look . sundance what 's Bolivia ? cur to : 81 butch and sundance butch Bolivia 's a country , stupid -- in Central or South America , one or the other . sundance why do not we just go to Mexico ? butch tcause all they get in Mexico ig aweat and they sell plenty of that back here . now listen : if we would be in business during the California gold rush , where would we have go to operate ? California , right ? well , when I say Bolivia , you think California because they be fall into it down there -- silver mine , tin , gold ; payroll so big we would strain we back steal ‘em -- cur to : 176 176 82 83 by 85 86 87 18 sundance . . he look at butch , shake he head . : sundance you just keep think , butch ; that 's what you be good at . : + CUT to : butce butch I get vision and the rest of the world wear bifocal . CUT to : a shot of the base of the valley several plain cabin be visible . outside the cabin there be a considerable number of man and horse . CUT to : butch and sundance riding up . butch ( call out , . wave ) eey , News -- CUT to : ndw carver a slender man of thirty . he be terribly busy take care of he horse and make no answer . cur to : butch and sundance pull up beside he . butch News , what be you do ? news ( look up , suddenly , smile ) oh , hi butch . nothing , nothing . hello there , sundance . cont . 19 87 cont. butch sure y'are . you be get ready to do something . what ? CUT to : 88 news 89 50 176 he be not happy and he word , when they come , come fast . news just fix to rob the Union Pacific er butch , that 's all we have in no . cur to : butch and sundancz butch dismount . sundance stay still , watch . butch ( as he get down ) you get everything I tell you wrong -- when I leave I say we might hit the Flyer , but even if we do , it be not this run but the one after , the return . now sundance and I be out eheck the bank situation and -- harvey logan' voice ( 0.8 . ) no bank . butch ( look around , . genuinely confuse ) what ? cur to : harvey logan in the doorway to one of the cabin . he be a big man , thick and powerful . he be , in reality , a terrible man , vicious and frightening , and some of that should show . logan Te Flyer , butch . cur to : 91 92 93 34 276 20 ° butch ' lock around at he man as he talk and explain , ag a good teacher might -- butch now how many time have I tell you people : bank be better than train . you can rely on a bank -- they do not move . they stay put and you always imow there 's money inside and my order be -=- . cur to : logan move away from the cabin toward butch . logan New order be give . butch harvey , I run thing hers . logan use to you do . I now . ( point ing off suddenly this doe not concern you . ' cuT to : sundance silent , seat on he horse , look down at they all . cur to : butch and logan logan tell he to stay out . butce he go he own way , like always . then he suddenly whirl to face the gang of man who stand bunched , watch . butch move toward they , talk as he go -- cont . 21 94 , cont. butch what 's the matter with you people ? -- ~ before I come here you be starve and you mow it . you be not even a gang -- I form rau : News -- News -- read that damn clipping -- CUT to : 95 news reach into he pocket . news which one ? SUT to : 96 butch hurry to hin . butch any of them . News have take out a batch of news clipping . unfold ~ the first -- news this here 's from the Salt Lake Herald -- ( he begin to read ) ' buteh cassidy 's Wild bunch strike again today , looting the -- ' butch that 's enough right there . ' butch cassidy 's Wild bunch . 's -= hear that ? that 's you and that 's I . harvey gonna plan for you all ? harvey gonna do - you think and run thing and -- Fe turna back to News , who have keep right on read throughout butch 's speech . butce News , you can shut up now . CUT to : 176 176 97 98 22 news he look up at butch for a moment . . news not till I come to the good part . ( read away again ) ' also . know to have varticinate in the holdup be . flat nose curry ' and News carver . ' ( fold up the clipping now ) I just love hearing my name in the papers . note : as indicate , News continue to read from the clipping while butch talk . what he read go like this : n5 ws '' ' butch cassidy 's Wild bunch strike again today , looting the montpelier Idaho bank over close to twenty thousand dollar . cassidy 's gang , all notorious outlaw and desparado of the first water , campe outside of Ogden while they plan they robbery . cassidy and the sundance kid have half a dozen outlaw with they on they foray . harvey Logan be one . ' from here , News be back into the regular dialogue scene with butch . if the above be too short , more can be add ; if , as seem likely , it run too long , it can obviously stand cut . cut to : butch and he men butch now let 's just forget about harvey take over . okay , flat nose ? flat nose curry have be nickname for obvious reason . flat nose curry , you always tell we anyone could challenge you -- butch that 's ' cause I figure nobody would do it . CUT to : ww 99 100 10l 102 103 10h , 176 logan smile , start toward butch again . logan figure wrong , butch . cur to : butch and he men butch ( a little desperate now ) you can not want Logan -- News -- at least he 's with we , butch -- _ you be spend a lot of time go -- CUT to : closhup - butch . butch that 's ' cause everything 's change now «= it 's all go new on we -~- CUT tc : logan logan gun or knife , butch ? CUT to : butce go rapidly on , do he best to ignore Logan . butce -- everything 's harder than it use to be -- you get to plan more , you get to prepare , you get to be damn sure what you be do or you be dead -- cur to : logan move in front of butch now . conte 23 176 10 cont. logan gun or knife ? butch neither . logan pick ! : butch I do not want to shoot with you , harvey . cor to : 105 logan smile . logan . whatever you say , butch . and suddenly a imife be in he hand and -- cut to : 106 107 108 the men and with the appearance of the knife they start to get really excited , and from here on in that excitement only puild as they surge toward Logan who be calmly take off he shirt . butch move to sundance . cuT to : sundance on he horse , wait quietly as butch approach . butch be do he best to cover how he feel . butch maybe there 's a way to make a profit on this -- bet on Logan . sundance I would , but who would bet on you ? butch I make this gang . you know I do . now look at ‘em . cur to : the gang cluster around Logan . he be stripped to the waist and he body be brutal . suddenly he cail out -- logan sundance -- when we be do , if he 's dead , you be welcome to stay . cut to : 109 110 a1 176 butch and sundance look out at Logan . butch speak quietly to sundancs . butch listen , I be not a sore loser or anything , put when we be do , if I be dead , kill bin . sundance ( to Logan , but in _ answer to butch ) leve to . cur to : butch he fidget a moment , then start the long walk back toward Logan , Logan be young and faster and stronger and butch imow it , and kmow it do not make the walk any pleasanter . , still he move forward , unarm as yet , toward the other man . : CUT to : logan watch he come . in the sun he body glisten . cur to : 176 112 113 114 115 116 26 butch move through the gang toward Logan . he be unarm and 4 jnife be offer he by one of the gang . butch not yet . ( move up to Logan now ) not till harvey and I get all the rule straight . logan rule ? in a kmife fight ? ne rule ! = os '' sight ? ee as he finish speak butch deliver the most aesthetic - ally exquiste kick in the ball in the history of the modern american cinema . cur to : logan for a moment he just stand there . then he make a absolutely indescribable sound and , as the look on he face move from disbelief to displeasure , he sink slowly to he kmee . cut to : butch he go on as if nothing whatsoever have happen . butch '' well , if there . be not go to be any rule , I guess we might as well get this fight start . somebody say tone- two- three - go . ' CUT to : sundance . sundance ( like a shot ) one-two - three - go. cur to : logan he be green now , and still on he kmee . butch approach , nod , lock he hand together and , as if swinging a base - ball bat , deliver a stun blow to Logan 's jaw . Logan fall and lie there . CUT to : a 27 117 flat nose curry and several other all hurry to butch . : flat nose I be sure root for you , butch . . butch ( with great earnestness ) . I know , flat hose . ' that 's what sustained I in my time of trouble . nlock around ) News ? wow what 's al ] this about the Flyer ? . cur to : 118 news _as he move to butch . : news , . harvey say we would hit ‘em both , this run and the return . he say no one would ever do that yet ' to the Flyer so no matter what we get the first time , they would be sure to figure the return be safe and load it up with money . butch harvey think that up ? news yessir , he do . butch well I will tell you something : that 's just what we will do . CUT to : 119 logan who be still out , as butch drop to he knee beside he , butch ( slapping Logan 's cheek } good think , harvey . 176 176 120 121 122 123 124 125 28 sundance and we do not know quite what he 's do . but he be dress differently from the precede , and the sun be at a differ - ent angle , so we do know this be a different time , perhaps a different place . there be a , for the moment , unidenti - fied and continue roar and a it go on , it become clear that sundance be not pay any attention to it . but what - ever it 1s he be pay attention to , he be concentrate completely , almost like a Olympic high jumper before attempt a seven - foot leap . sundance continue he intense concentration a moment more because whatever he be about to do be damn dangerous and then he quick body be in motion and -- cur to : another angle - sundance run and -- cut to : a passing train curving below the rock from which sundance hurl himself . the train be not far below the level of the rock , so the drop be not dangerous -- what 's dangerous be that the thing be move like hell and if he land wrong sundance be go - ing to roll off and die and -- cuT to : sundance landing wrong , but not completely , and he scrabble he body ' back onto the center of the top of the train car and then -- . cur to : closeup - sundance sweat and happy to be breathe . he stay where he be for a moment , get collect , before stand and start he precarious way up toward the engine . cur to : sundance move along . ( when this kind of thing be do in movie , it 's by John Wayne and it 's easy apple pie . well it be not easy , you can get kill up there , and that be very much in sundance 's mind as he make he way ) . cur to ; 126 127 128 _ 129 130 331 176 29 inside the engine the engineer and the fireman be work . the , engineer be fifty and spare , almost a New England type . the fireman be small , but with tremendous arm and shoulder and would speak a lot clearer if he have more tooth . cur to : the empty track ahead the landscape whizzing by on either side . all very peace - ful and s.0.p. and < = cur to : the engineer fant , and without a word , he hand start to raise as we -- CUT to : sundance quickly inside the engine , gun ready . cut to : the three of they the engineer have the responsibility of the train , and he acquit himself throughout as well as he can , consider the fact that he be always aware that he be liable to get kill at anytime . the fireman , frighten at first , stay close to the engineer . gradually , as the scene go on , he gain confidence . engineer ( low and clipped ) you want it stop ? sundance nod once . engineer where ? sundance here would be fine . cot to : the engineer start to slow the train . cur to : 132 133 13h 135 136 137 138 176 30 the fireman look at sundance , maybe gather courage to say some ~ thing and -- cur to : the engineer make a quick move for a gun down out of the way and <- cur to : sundance on top of he like a shot , grab the gun away , and -- cuT to : sundance and the engineer the engineer be almost panting and he can not stop . engineer that be not so smart of I . sundance not very . engineer I do not want any trouble . sundance it look that way . cur to : the engineer . , he start to say something more , decide against it , turn and work on stop the train and -- CUT to : a shot of the track from inside the engine in the distance a figure can be see stand in the center of the track . cur to : sundance as the toothless fireman go to he and point out -- fireman I bet that 's old butch himself . cont . 176 31 138 cont . 139 140 142 sundance give he a look . fireman oh , you would not remember I , but I work the great Northern Express when you hit it near wagner . cur to : tse engineer watch they . engineer shut up , gummy . fireman he be not gonna shoot we -- hell , if he be gonna shoot we , he would a shot we when you try to shoot he , right , kid ? curt to : sundance ee say nothing . cuut to : the head of a train passenger as it appear from a window , look around , try to see why the train be stop . this be shot from the engine , so that when other head appear , as they will soon , they will form a almost endless line of head stick out . cur to : the fireman look back toward the passenger , 45 another head stick out , then another and another . pireman I would like to tell you it be engine trouble folk , but we be be hold up by the Wild bunch and the sundance kid would like for you all to stay in you seat -- so stick you head in . CUT to : 176 143 w5 146 147 32 the passenger car more head be stick out now , all of they turn and pabbling and ask question of one another . cur to : the fireman shouting to the head . fireman stick you head in :... stick you head in ... cur to : the passenger car with all the head stick out like turtles now , babbling - and jabber and -- cur to : sundance fire . the bullet be not intend to kill . just to come close . and they do . very . cut to : all conceivable head disappear in unison back inside the car and -- qut to : 148 149 150 176 33 sundance and . the fireman nas , sundance start out of the engine . fireman ( roaring with laughter ) that sure be a sight , I be here to , sell you . . sundance you sure be . and he drop to the ground , start move along the passen - . ger car . behind he , the fireman clamber to the ground . during this , other member of the gang be visible , some of they stand , gun draw , in the doorway of the passenger car . the fireman hurry along , fail into step with sundance , who look down at the little man a moment , then slowly shake he head . fireman think I would watch . sundance bring the kid why do not you ? cur to : the engineer he grin gummily . CUT to : ext . express car butch , gun in hand , be bang at the door . while ‘he follow dialogue go on , other member of the gang can be see plant dynamite beneath the car . butch ( he be clearly a little fray ) you be just gonna get yourself blow up so open the door ! voice ( o.s. , from inside the car ) I can not do that on account of I work for Mr , E , H. harriman of the Union Pacific railroad and he . entrust I -- cont. 150 cont. '' butch have be hearing a lot of this this last few minute . ~ butch will you shut up with that E , eh , harriman business and open the door , CUT to : 151 sundance . move up to butch . the mreman be half a pace behind . butch ( as sundance approach } they get a patriot on they side . fireman that 's young woodcock ; he 's awful dedicated , news ( hurry to butch ) dynamite 's ready . butch nod . News go . butch woodcock ? cut to : 152 int . express car - woodcock he stand press against the door . béhind he be a good - size safe . woodcock be a young man with a soft western accent , a unexceptional but pleasant face . his sandy hair be slightly recede and he be right now scared to death and it show . but he voice -- word well choose , speak calmly -- bely that fact . woodcock yes sir ? butch voice ( o.s . ) you know who we be ? cont . 176 176 152 cont . 153 154 155 156 35 woodcock you be the Wild bunch , Mr. cassidy . I understand that , but you gotta understand that Mr. E. H. harriman himself of the Union Pacific railroad gimme this job and I never have such responsibility before and since he entrust I to get the money through , I get to do my best , do not you see ? CUT to : ext , express car - butch and sundance butch you best do not include get kill . cur to : woodcock .- inside his eye be close now as he press hard against the door . woodcock me. E , H. harriman himself , he have the confidence in I -- butch voice ( o.8 . ) open the door . or that 's it . woodcock make no move . CUT to : butch - outside , butch ya think he would die for you , ya lousy amateur ? there be no answer from inside the car . butch now , . woodcock ! cut to woodcock - inside huddle up , wait for the blast . cont. 156 cont . 157 158 159 160 162 162 176 woodcock I work for Mr , E , H. : harriman of : the Union Pacific railroad -- cur to : ext , railroad car , explode , one wall just rip away . cur to : woodcocck's body hurtle through the air , crash down . CUT to : butch and sundance follow by the rest of the gang pour into the car . while sundance head for the same -- cur to : butch go to woodcock , who 1s alive and crawl and a little bloody . butch you okay ? woodcock make a nod . as butch help woodcock to get comfortable -- cuT to : sundance / kneel beside the safe outside the car , deftly wedge several stick of dynamite into place , lighting they , then pack off fast and -- CUT to : the safe there be a muffle explosion and the door burst neatly open . cur to : 176 163 164 165 . 166 167 37 sundance as butch approach . 's butch lock at the peautifully - blow safe . butch dammitall , why be everything we be good at illegal ? news take money from the same . buich and sundance watch he . butch hurry it up ; give we our. share . '' news there be not what I would call a fortune in here , butch . ' butch tust so we come out ahead , News ; that 's the main thing . . cuut to : a young , competent marshal - night : pull back to reveal a crowd of citizen stand in a street , leok up at the marshal , it be dusk . the marshal be speak in a very businesslike tone ~- without much emotion . 's marshal all right ; they just rob the Flyer outside we town , and that make it ow 's responsibility to get after they -- cur to : the second floor porch of a build down the STREET the pbuild be fanny porter 's , and it be as well know as any brothel - saloon of the period . seat on the porch ; listen to the marshal talk , be butch and sundance . cont. 167 cont . 168 169 170 171 172 176 38 ' they be sprawle comfortably , hat pull down . between they on the table be two large stein and a bucket of beer . they be - both a little buzze . marshal' voice ( o.s. ) «- now you will - have to bring you own horse -~- . ~ cur to : the marshal and the crowd , marshal -~ how many of you can bring you own gun ? -- cur to : the crowd no one can . no hand be raise . cur to : the marshal marshal okay . then how many of you want I to supply you with gun ? CUT to : no hand be raise . cuT to : the marshal it - 1s beginning to dawn on he now that he be not get through to he audience , marshal come on.now -- it 's up to we to do something . gut to : 473 174 175 176 176 39 the marshal and the crowd : first citizen what 's the point ? they be probably half way to hole in the Wall already . marshal that 's why we have get to hurry --. we ean head they off -- . second citizen aghast ) -- head them off ? -- you crazy ? -- we do that and they will k 11l we . there be general vocal agreement on this point from the crowd . cur to : butch and sundance - on the porch butch ( beam ) I just eat this up with a spoon . sundance nod ; as they fill they stein with more beer -- cur to : fanny porter enter from a door behind they , it ia not easy run 2 successful brothel and she show the strain . : fanny ( move up behind butch and sundance ) - all right , you two ; I want you at my party . : she. gesture to the open door through which she enter and -- cur to : the scene through the door one young man be by a piano with half a dozen girl . a song of the period 1s be sung . a home - make sign -- '' remember the Maine '' -- 1s amateurishly strung along one wall . cont . 176 cont . 177 178 179 180 176 40 fanny'' voice ( o.8 . ) I be lose my piano player -- he 's go off to fight in the Spanish - american War . CUT to : fanny banny ( as she exit ) I be give hima send - off , so come on , CUT to : butch and sundance they each take a long drink from they stein -- butch be really buzze by this time -- then they turn and glance back through the door , cut to : the piano player he 4s sit on top of the piano now , the girl group around he , look up at he face . cur to : butch and sundance stare inside . butch y'know , when I be a kid , I always figure on be a hero when I grow up. sundance too late now . butch you , do not have to say that -- what would you have to say that for ? . as he drain he glass -- cur to : 181 176 182 183 184 al the young marshal still try to gather he posse . he be a clever man and he be use psychology now . marshal .. listen -- it 's my job to go fight they ' -- you want I to go off alone and fight the Wild bunch , fine with . m' <= you want you kid to know you let not ds that ? Fine with I , but I do not think that 's what you want , be it ? cut to : the crowd there be no negative outery whatsoever . cuT to : butch whirling in he chair , grab sundance , excited -- butch hey-hey -- let 's enlist and go fight the Spanish -- you and I in the war -- sundance just give he a look . butch ~- listen , we get a lot go for we : experience , maturity , leadership . : Hell , I bet we would end up officer -- I would be Major parker -- , CUT to : sundance sundance parker ? cur to : 185 186 187 188 176 he butch and sundance butch that 's my real name <= Robert leroy parker . sundance _ mine 's longbaugh . butch @-- long what ? sundance Harry longbaugh .. butch you would be Major longbaugh then ; what do you say ? CUT to : sundance sundance you just keep think , butch ; that 's what you be good at . CUT to : butch butch {into he beer ) I get vision and the rest of the world wear bifocal . cur to : the marshal and he be mad . marshal you gonna go through life with you head down ? you gonna travel with you tail between you leg ? you gonna shake at every sound you can not see what 's makin ' 1t ? what do you say ? ~~ ( ) a new and different voice 0.5 . ' I say boy and girl -- as the voice go on -- cur to : 176 189 190 191 4g the speaker he be a salesman end in a minute we will find out what he 's sell . . salesman -- friend and enemy -- ( big ) meet -- the -- future . as he say the word " future " -- cut to : a brand new dazzling bicycle ( ) a voice from the crowd : q.s . the future what ? cur to : the salesman move up alongside the marshal . salesman { the man have leather lung ) the future mode of transportation for the weary western world . marshal ? now just what in the hell do y think you be do ? salesman : you get the crowd together -- that 's half my work -- I just figure I would sell a little and -- marshal well I be try to raise a posse if you do not mind -- salesman I get a short presentation -- ( to the crowd ) -- the horse be dead ! ( to the marshal ) '' = you will see -- this item sell itself -- cont . ah 191 cont . 192 193 194 176 ; salesman ( cont . ) ( to the crowd ) soon the eye will see nothing put silkeribbon bicycle path stretch to infinity . marshal ( to crowd ) you gonna listen to he or you gonna come with I ? CUT to : the crowd a citizen how much that thing cost ? cur to : salesman mount he machine . salesman a indecently paltry amount . ( start to ride ) a bicycle be cheaper to buy than a horse , cheaper to maintain , as fast over short distance and I promise you this -- and now he remove both hand from the bar -- salesman -- the pleasure it provide can be equalle only by the love of you lady . cur to : a blonde girl move up behind butch . she have work at fanny 's for a while but 1s still . young enough so it do not show . girl . fanny say for you - to come right now to she party . : butch nod , stand , the girl come into he arm . cont . 176 45 194 cont. girl yqu ever go to make a : honest woman of I , butch ? butch . there be not enough hour in the day . cur to : 195 sundance he stand too . sundance I think I will get saddle up and go look for a woman too , cur to : 196 butch move away with the blonde . butch good hunt . cuT to : 197 sundance : sundance should not be too hard ; I be not picky . just so she 's pretty and sweet and . quiet and smart and ~ _ refine ... : as he begin ‘his list of qualification -- dissolve to : 198 eyta place - twilight as sundance 's list be speak , she face , at first faint , come more and more clear , she be very much as describe -- she be in she . middle twenty , and have dark hair pull pack tight into a bun . ' she wear neat , starch clothing , and it be impossible to tell what she figure might be like . the camera pull back to reveal that she be in a school - house , and it 1s twilight . there be not really enough light to work , but she work anyway , sit at she desk , grade papers . from somewhere outside the schoolhouse come a night sound , and it startles she . cur to : 176 '' 199 200 201 202 203 - 204 205 . 46 the window and the night beyond | nothing move . : CUT to : etta there 14 a clock on she desk . she glance at it , bring the papers into a neat pile , and get up , go to the door . as she open it =- | cur to : the doorway and etta 1s turn off the inside light , move into the dark night , quickly close and lock the door and hurry now around a corner of the pudld . . cur to : a SMALL house - night she almost run to it . the night be very dark and there be wind , the house be set off by itself behind the school , ' it 1s a one - story affair , obviously the kind of place build by the town to house the schoolmistress . CUT to : etta enter she small house . close the front door she move across the tiny live room into the bedroom , undress as she go . > , cur to : another . angle = etta enter the bedroom , pull off she blouse . there be a@ small light by the bed and as she get it on , in this shaddwalight , it 1s clear that she be really a terribly pretty thing . she wear a white slip and it contrast micely with she sun-darkened skin . she have a fuller body than she show before , she begin to take off she skirt and be almost do before she whirl and freeze and damn near scream and -- cur to : sundance gun in he lap , seat happily in a corner of the room , watch . cont . 47 205 cont. sundance , ( gesture with he gun keep go , teacher lady . cut to : 206 etta she do not move . cuut to : 207 sundance : sundance it 's all right , do not mind I <= and now he gesture with he gun again <= sundance -- keep right on go . cuut to : 208 8 9 = - etta : she make a nod , then nervously manage to undo she skirt and as it slip to the floor -- cut to : 209 sundance he be enjoy himself , sundance do not stop on my account . CUT to : 210 the two of they 176 she stare at he a moment , then begin to take off she slip . as she do so -- cont , 176 4g 210 cont . 211 212 213 214 215 sundance I will tell you something , teacher lady -- you be not so bad . outside you be all stiff and starchy and prim , pat underneath it all , not so bad . her slip isoff now and she body , be also reveal to hin . it be a splendid body . sundance okay . let down you hair . cuUT to : etta ' she hesitates a moment before reach back behind she head with both hand . her finger work quickly and in a moment she hair tumble down over she shoulder , . cur to : sundance watch appreciatively , sundance shake you head . cur to : etta she shake she head and she hair loosen up , cover she shoulder now , thick and gloriously black . cut to : sundance he tilt he head a moment , carefully examine the girl . cur to : etta as she stand there . she look wild . CUT to : 176 216 217 218 219 220 4s sundance slowly he begin to rise from the chair and move across the silent room toward she , CUT to : etta not look away , watch he come , .cCUT to : sundance / very close to she now . beside they be the bed . cur to : etta unafraid , she stare at he . etta do you know what I wish ? sundance what ? etta that you would once get here on time . and she arm go around he , she mouth find he , and lock , they fall toward the bed . as they body fall -- cur to : butch head just he head -- glide past a window at dawn . he might be a balloon . float by , for that . is' the impression he float head give . as he head go by , butch whisper a few word , much in the style of the melodrama villain of the time . butch you be mine , etta place ; mine do you hear I ? cont . 176 ' 50 220 cont . 221 222 223 the camera pull back to reveal sundance and etta asleep _in bed . as she name be call out , etta stir . CUT to : butch as he head glide by another window , then disappear a@ moment before reappearing again , float gracefully past another window as , from inside , we watch he @isembody head circle the house . CUT to : etta eye open now , not entirely certain of the vision that confront she and -- . CUT to : butch as he pass the window by the bed again . butch mine I tell you ; mine ! cur to : 176 224 225 226 etta as she give a laugh , grab a robe and -- cur to : the front door of the house open and etta stand there . it 1s a beautiful early morning , barely dawn , and she turn , smile , as around a corner of the house come butch . he be riding a bicycle , which account for the glide impression he have be give . butch ( pull up beside she ) meet -- the -- future . and , he gesture for she to get on the cross bar . etta do you know what you be do ? butch theoretically . cur to : butch push off after etta have hesitatingly get on the oike . it 's downhill but it 's still precarious at first and they almost tumble until he get the hang of it , but once he 's get it , he never lose it , and as they begin to pick up speed we be into : musical interlude number one there be go to be three of they before the film be over . this , the first , be a song sung while butch and etta ride the bike . the song will be sung by male voice , and the feel of it 1s terribly contemporary , because in fact , the ' sound of the song of this period be shockingly close in feel to the popular music of today . what we hear will not be a song like " bieyele built for two '' . the song will be poignant and pretty as hell and , like the song , for example , in '' the Graduate '' , they will make a emotional comment on the scene , not a literal one ; they will have a emotional connection with the scene , not a literal one . cur to : 176 227 228 229 230 231 232 233 butch and etta spin along , through a stun aspen grove just after ' dawn , the sun slant across they as they go and -- _ CUT to : butch and etta with butch swerving skillfully through a close pack bunch of aspen , almost like a halfback in heavy traffic , and after he have complete the move he say something that make etta smile , then something else that make she laugh and as she start to break up -- cur to : closeup - etta laugh , as :we pull back to reveal etta , seat high on the branch of a tree , watch down below as butch ride around and around and -- CUT to : ' butch start warily to stunt , not all that sure at first that he can really do it well , but in a minute he be riding with he back to the handlebar , slowly , then faster , and -- CUT to : etta applaud , and as she do -- CUT to : butch try a lunatic move , a headstand on the handlebar as the bike spin steadily down along a road line with wooden fence . now -- cur to : etta watch fascinate as in the distance , butch begin to actually do the handstand , and -- cur to : 234 235 236 237 238 239 ho 176 241 53 butch handstand complete , riding gracefully into a wooden fence - and get - pitch on he ass over the thing to the ground and -- : cur to : etta : roaring , 28 we -- cur 's to : butch mutter , get to he foot , look around for he derby , _ see it , but not . see something else which we now -- CUT to : a large bull and it have large horn , and it be move toward butch , who glance around , as we -- cuT to : etta ery out and -- CUT to : butch run like a mad bastard with the pull behind he and as it close the gap butch tear for the wooden fence , diving back to safety . cur to : the : bull . stare balefully through the fence . CUT to : butch stare angrily back through the fence at the beast . cur to : ake 243 aka 245 247 248 176 Sue a stream the sun start to bounce off it ag butch and etta come nride across , they foot up in the air and it isa reflection shot we have be look at and now , as the song start to climax ~~ curt to : a quiet town no one move , the shop empty -- cur to : butch and etta spin by , as see from inside the empty shop . cur to : ' animal scatter chipmunk , badger , as butch and etta come sailing along and as they do -- cut to : a boy maybe ten , stare after they through 2 wood fence , and the bicycle rivet he , and he call out and a girl , maybe nine , run up , and he point out to butch and etta glide by , and as he point he imitate riding and -- cuT to : butch and etta riding along the road with the wooden fence lining one side and the Boy and girl chase after they and the thing be , the girl be faster , because after awhile the boy slow and stop , but the girl keep right on run , not close the gap but not lose ground either . then she too start to tire . she stop . she make a little wave after the bike cuUT to : another angle ~- butch and etta back in the tree again , the brighter light hit they , the whole thing lovely and fresh . . cur to : 249 250 251 176 252 closeup - butch and etta riding along . ' the song end . cur to : butch and etta as he begin slowly now to ride back toward she house . butch etta etta you have come to get he for the Flyer ? . butch ( nod ) and not a day too soon -- I be break already . etta why be there never any money , butch ? CUT to : butch I swear , etta , I do not know ; I have ‘een work like a dog all my life and I can not get a penny ahead . CUT to : etta sundance say it 's because you be a soft touch and you be always take expensive vacation and buy drink for everybody and you be a rotten gambler . CUT to : 253 25k 255 176 56 butch butch well , I guess that have something to do with it . curt to : butch and etta as they pedal along . . eyta and after the Flyer ? butch sundance tell you about Bolivia ? etta nod , : butch you think I be crazy too ? etta ( she mean this ) not with what they be find in the ground down there ; and if you happen to be a thief . butch you be like I , etta -- etta ( she have hear . this before ) -- sure , sure , sure ; I get vision and the rest of the world wear bifocal . butch laugh , lean forward , kiss she gently on the cheek . she look at he for a moment . then -- eita butch ? do you ever wonder if I would meet you first if we would deen the one to get involved ? CUT to : butce butch we be involved , etta ; do not you kmow that ? cur to : 176 256 287 258 259 260 57 eita he have say this last straight and for a moment now she be absolutely uncertain of herself . then -- cur to : butch : butch I mean , you be riding on my bicycle e- in certain Arabian country that 's the same as be marry . CUT to : etta she break out with a laugh , hold he very tight and -- sundance's voice ( o.8e ) : hey -- cut to : ext . etta' house - sundance - day stand in the doorway . sundance what be you do ? CUT to : butch and sundance and etta as butch ride close to the house . butch just steal you woman . sundance take she , take she . butch you be @ romantic bastard ; I will give you that . etta ( whisper to butch ) I love that man ; do you kmow why ? cont . 58 260 cont. butch no. why ? byta ( ruefully ) iwas sort of hope you do ; I sure as hell do not . and on she word , there begin a series of quick cut , all add up to the very clear impression that what be hap - pene now be that the Flyer be be stop a second time . among the flash impression be : A. sundance move along the train top . 3 . the flyer 's gigantic wheel start to slow . .. several outlaw jump into position between the car , gun draw and ready . D. a train conductor stand very still , he hand raise . N E. a car full of passengers ' : sit deadly quiet and nervous as hell and now -- CUT to : 261 ext . express car as butch approach . behind he now come sundance . butch okay , - okay , open up . ; a voice ( o.8. , from inside the car ) I work for Mr. e.h. harriman -- butch : ( delighted ) hey , woodcock , CUT to : 262 woodcock - inside the car he be bang up and bandage , but mobile , and sort of happy to hear from butch again too . woodcock 176 hi , butch . CUT to : 263 26 265 266 176 : 59 butch . - outside the car - butch you okay ? that 's wonderful -- let 's '' have a look at you -- cur to : woodcock - inside . and he be not buy . woodcock k now butch , you get to have more respect for I than to think I would fall for that -- CUT to : butch - outside butch you can not want to get blow up again <-- woodcock's voice ( o.3 . ) butch , if it be only my money you lmow there 's no one I would rather have steal it , but I sm still in the employ of Mr. e.h. harr -- _ a new voice ( o.3. , and very loud ) start this train ! cur to : a elephant of a woman stand on the stair of the nearest passenger car , she drop heavily to the ground and bull she way toward butch and sundance . . very large woman ( as she come ) I be a grandmother and a female and I have get my rights ! quut to : 267 268 269 176 60 butce watch she come , butch I get trouble of my own , lady , so -~ . very large woman you do not frighten I -- no man frighten I -- sundance as the woman push by he to get at butch . there be a strange expression on sundance 's face and it be hard to tell just what it be . but what it be not be a smile . sundance we get no time for this . cut to : woodcock - inside the car press against the door , listen . ( ) very large woman' voice 0.5 you may cow the other but I remain unafraid -- I have fight against whisky , I have fight against gambling , I can fight against you -- butch voice ( o.s. , whisper almost ) : sundance will you put you gun down -- sundance's voice ( o.8 . ) I be tell you , we get no time -- butch voice {oese ) «= but what 's the point to violence -- sundance's voice ( ova . ) -- it 's the only thing that woodcock understand . ( louder now ) woodcock ? cont. 269 cont. woodcock I hear you . very large woman' voice ( o.3. , almost ine oherently ) -- ro -- no =< woodcock what be you go to do to she ? sundance's voice ( o.8 . ) whatever you force I to . woodcock well leave she alone ! -- you be after the money -- the money 's in here -- very large woman' voice ( o.s. , she be frighten now ) -- please -- all I want be the train to start -- somebody -- please -- sundance's voice ( o.3 . ) open the door woodcock , or tell she good - bye . wwoodcock ( tear , enormously upset ) but I get my job to do . sundance's voice {o .3 . ) and I get mine . very large woman' voice ( ose ) -- help I -- please -- cur to : '' 270 butch , sundance and the very large woman - outside the train sundance hold she firmly , he hand over she mouth . both he gun be in they holster . butch go on with he imitation of the woman , just as he 's be do . 176 cont . 176 270 cont . 271 272 273 274 275 butch -- oh dear God will not someone do something ? -- cut to : woodcock - inside anguish . woodcock nobody kill innocent people . . sundance's voice {o.s . ) you do , woodcock -- she 's on you conscience , not mine -- and now there be the sound of a gun be cocked -- _ CUT to : butch - outside go on magnificently . butch we Father who art in heaven -~ cuut to : closeup - woodcock woodcock stop ! and as he throw the door open ~- cur to : butch and sundance and the very large woman - outside the train stand there and -- cur to : woodpcock shaking he head as he realize he have be have . woodcock how be I ever gonna explain this to poor Mr. harriman ? cur to : 176 276 277 278 279 : 63 butch and sundance get into the car ; sundance carry a box of dynamite stick and as they be inside they both stop dead . butch woodcock -- what do you have to go and get something like that for . CUT to : woobcock stand beside the biggest railroad safe anyone ever see . woodccock I be sorry butch , but you blow that last one so easy I just hadda do something . cur to : butch and sundance as butch indicate the box of dynamite . butch gimme that and get same more . and as he reach for the dynamite -- CUT to : butch work quickly , efficiently inside the railroad car . he be beginning to perspire now as he continue to wedge in the dynamite . curt to : 276 280 281 282 283 284 . 285 286 64 the safe really load up with dynamite now and --. CUT to : the central dynamite fuse as butch light it , it begin to sizzle and burn toward the dynamite stick and -- CUT to : butch get the hell out of there and fast . then -- CUT to : tee safe just before a cataclysmic explosion rock it . for a moment there be just the flash of blind light , then deafen sound . the whole goddam railroad car have be blast away to its foundation and as the sound diminish , something fill the air : money . cur to : a view of the sky as piece of paper money flutter this way and that in the breeze . CUT to : butch and sundance as sundance start ' to laugh . sundance think you use enough dynamite there , butch ? cut to : the money flutter this way and that on the breeze . tt seem to fill the air . then -- CUT to : 176 287 288 289 290 291 292 293 294 65 the gang start off after the money , some of they erawle '' -across the ground , other be jump into the air , try to clutch the flutter bill . cur to : butch start to laugh at he own stupidity and -- CUT to : sundance roaring and -~- cur to : the gang pursue the money as the wind blow it along . they might almost be a convention of butterfly collector as they scrabble around , jump and crawl and turn cuut to : butch as slowly he laughter die . he be look off at something . CUT to : train engine pulling single car '' ian the distance . it might be note here that whatever color the Flyer 's car be , this single car be something very distinctly different . CUT to : butch still look off at the engine and the strange single car . sundance be beside he now and they both watch . around they , member of the gang still scramble around gather up bit and piece of money . cuT to : the engine pulling the single car draw closer and closer and -- . cuT to : 295 296 297 298 299 176 66 butch and sundance watch it come . butch now what in the hell be that ? cur to : the car ' draw closer , and now there ig music under it all , nervous and fast , but not loud , not yet , as the train and the single car continue to come toward camera . CUT to : butch and sundance look at each other in absolute bewilderment . cur to : the car it 1s still some way off but the music be faster now and start to get loud as the car continue to come toward camera , steadily and swiftly , and the music build and build and then without warning we be into : ( the longest traveling shot in the history of the world . the camera start to move toward the car . as the camera start , the car stop and just wait there , and the music ds louder than ever now as the camera pick up speed , move toward the car which stand dead still on the track as the camera come and come and now the camera be really move , go like a goddamn shot toward the car and the car still wait , and now . the music be start - ing to deafen and Craig breedlove must be drive the camera as it roar toward the car , close now , really close , right up almost on top of the goddamn car and just as it seem as if it 's go to smash right into the side of the car , the entire side of the car swing open and down , and the camera recoil , like a human face would recoil after receive a terrible blow , and out of the car right into the eye of the camera come riding -- the superposse . , the superposse consist of perhaps a half dozen man . taken as a group , they look , act , and be , in any and all way , formidable . CUT to : butch and sundance butch whatever they be sell , I do not want 1t -- cont. 176 67 299 cont . 300 301 302 303 . and he spin , shout to the man gather up the money -- : butch leave it ! cur to : the superposse viding like hell . ' they be still a good distance away . cot to : sundance vaulting onto he horse , grab butch 's horse 's rein and lead the animal over to butch who be in the midst of he man , sting they to leave the money and take off . cut to : the superposse at a distance , but closer now . one of they reach for a rifle . cur to : butch drag man away from the money which still lie scat - tere thick across the ground . gradually , most of the gang commence to run for they horse , but News and flat nose still chase the money . butch ( to News and flat nose ) ya crazy fool -- he gesture wildly toward the superposse -- butch e - ya think they be send here to help we ? as News and flat nose mutter " come " , " right away '' , " just one sec " , etc. , butch get the hell on he horse and -- CUT to : 176 304 305 306 307 308 309 310 68 the superposse all of they with rifle out now and -- cur to : sundance riding . several member of the gang form close beside he . several shot ring out . sundance stop , look back , and <-- * cuUT to : news and flat nose and flat nose be not move anymore . News , severely damage , do he best to crawl . there be another shot . News lie still . . CUT to : sundance as butch ride up to he . sundance be stare back and butch follow he stare . cur to : news and flat nose dead . cut to : the superposse punch tight together . cur to : butch and sundance watch motionless for a moment . then -- , sundance butch ? butice what ? sundance they be very good . and with that they take off and -- cut to : 311 312 313 314 176 butch and sundance catch up with the rest of the gang ; then -~ : cur to : a camera shot from a enormous height it be as if two great black centipede be racing . in front , the Wild bunch , move like crazy . behind they , the superposse , not lose ground . ' the terrain ahead of they be flat . on either side lie hill . cor f0 : the wild bunch still from above but lower down . the sound of the horse be loud and for a moment , that be the only sound . then butch 's voice ia hear ~- butch ( shouting it out ) scatter ! and like a sunburst , the Wild bunch fragment , every man take a different direction , except butch and sundance , who ride together . cut to : butch and sundance reach the crest of a hill . sundance be first and as he get to the top he pause just for a moment , glance back . butch be just a step or two behind , almost to the top himself . butch how many of ‘em be follow we ? sundance all of ‘em . butch ( stunne ) all of ‘em ? he be beside sundance now at the top of the hill and he too pause , look back . CUT to : 315 316 317 318 79 the superposse still bunched , come after they . in the distance and _safe , the rest of the gang ride away . cut to : butch furious , point out the rest of he man -- butch what 's the matter with that guy ? cur to : sundance take off , butch a step behind . : CUT to : the superposse they just keep come . cur to : 176 319 320 321 322 323 32h , 325 71 butch and sundance riding just as fast as they can . CUT to : the superposse they be go at exactly the same pace as before . they be all in the same position in the pack . nothing have change . - they be like a machine . cut to : butch and sundance go , if anything , faster than before , sut the strain be beginning to tell . the sun be high when this begin . now there be shadow . and on they face , strain . cut to : the superposse come on , more like a machine than ever . cut to : butch and sundance they be approach a spot where several trail be indicate . at the last moment they veer leave , follow the least likely path . CUT to : another angle - butch and sundance riding on , the shadow be deeper now . so be they strain . . cur to : another angle - butch and sundance abruptly they halt . butch I think we lose them . do you think we lose ‘em ? sundance . no. cont. 176 ' 72 325 cont . . 326 327 328 butch neither do I . and they be off again , riding flat out . , CUT to : a watering place sundance stand beside he horse . butch sit slump astride he , as the animais drink -- sundance horse be not good for much more . butch I too . ( as sundance remount ) we just get to get to fanny 's , that 's all . once we get to fanny 's we will be fine . CUT to : fanny porter - night in she brothel , look concerned . fanny trouble ? butch and sundance move into the shot . butch nod . butch bring I sweetface . cur to : a long swirling shot that move and move across the main floor of the brothel to the stair , no one be ever still -- butch and sundance make they steady way to the stair throughout the shot , and the rest of the activity spin around they . sundance , to a bartender who have come run up ! sundance -- get we horse -- they be out back -=- buteh be talk to sweetface now . sweetface have the visage of a aging cherub , soft and pink . compare to he , cuddle Zacall look like Mike mazurki . cont . 176 73 328 cont . 329 330 331 butch -- listen you dirty old man -- I know you be a lie thief and so do you but who would ever think it to look at you , so move yourself out front fast -- sundance ( to the bartender -- almost at the stair ) -- feed them good and get ‘em out of sight -- butch ( he be on the stair now -- to sweetface ) =- you see we ride through town not ten minute ago -- you do this right I will get you a old dog to kick -- and as he and sundance take the stair two at a time , the swirling shot end and we -- cur to : a absolutely glorious tangle of long blonde hair pull back to reveal a room upstairs . there be whiskey pottle and glass on a table . sundance stand by the curtain window , look out . butch be in a chair , lock in a tight embrace with the owner of the blonde hair . her name ds agnes and we meet she already when she come to get butch to come to the piano player 's party . agnes be no phi beta kappa from bryn mawr . cur to : butch as the embrace end . eye still close , he gently rub he cheek ageinst agnes ' . holding she close , he speak in a soft tone . buich do you realize you be drive I crazy look out that window ? T swear to you , sweetface can handle this easy . he would not dare louse it up -- he 's that scared of I . cur to : sundance still watch out the window . cur to : 332 333 33k 335 336 74 the view outside the window - night sweetface be visible across the street , whittling intently . - it¢ be dusk now , with the sun about to die . butch voice ( o.8 . ) how can I give agnes the concentration she deserve with you with you nose all the time out the window ? CUT to : int . brothel bedroom - night sundance have not move from the window . butch be still fondle agnes . : agnes you be really something , butch , you know that ? butch could you be a little more specific there , agnes ? CUT to : the view outside the window sweetface look up quickly , then just as quickly he be back to he whittling . there be a pause . then the superposse be visible . the second they appear -- CUT to : int . room sundance's voice ( o.s. , sharp ) buteh ! buteh move to the window and look out . agnes be still very much in he arm . ' CUT to : ext . STREET the superposse come to a halt . sweetface look up . butch voice ( o.s. ) okay , sweetface -- give ‘em the smile . cont . 75 336 cont . — 337 338 339 30 176 sweetface smile . then he stand and move toward the - superposse with he hand cup to a ear , indicate a hearing infirmity . CUT to : butch , sundance and agnes watch . butch I swear if he tell I I ride out of town ten minute ago , I would believe he . cur td : ext . STREET sweetface be nodd now and point down the street . the superposse move off . sweetface sit back down and begin whittling again . cur to : int . room butch give a genuine sigh of relief and even sundance relax . agnes discreetly begin to undress . sundance take notice of this . sundance ( as he go to the door ) no , no , do not ask I to stay . and as he close the door -- CUT to : agnes continue to undress . as she do , she speak of she feeling for butch . two thing be a Little odd about the moment : ( 1 ) they be across the room from each other , and not in bed , as the tone of she talk might logically indicate , and ( 2 ) there be a definite rote quality to agnes ! word . cont . 76 340 cont. : agnes ~ you be the only real man I ever meet butch -- it 's not just because - you get all that money to spend on people -- it 's you -= : , gut to :. 342 butch 342 343 sub 176 while this be go on . he be do he best to get he damn boot off . ° . agnes ( 0.96 ) . -- the way you be always lock to gee be I happy or not -- a lot of the other girl -- they might want you for when you get money to spend on people «= I , I do not care for clothes and money and jewel and fur and -- she stop because from outside there be the unmistakable sound of horse hoof come closer and closer and -- CUT to : sundance throw the door of the room open , tear across to . the window , and as butch join he -- zoom to sweetface , surround by the superposse . as they draw they gun , without a second 's pause , he point dead at the window where butch and sundance be hide , and as he do -- cur to : butch and sundance - night silhouett against the glow leave by the sun as they race across a flat rooftop . they jump to a lower building , tear across that , and -- , cur to : butch and sundance with the camera at ground level , pointed up as they two body fall , thud heavily to the ground . CUT to : 176 345 346 3l7 348 349 350 351 tt sundance on he foot , help butch , then the two of they take off around a corner and -- cur to : butch and sundance racing toward the next corner of the building , reach it , stop dead , cut to : member of the superposse - bacz to they rifle in hand -- the reason for they halt . he guard the superposse 's horse which be in background . CUT to : butch and sundance as they dive for he . butch hit he around the middle , pinion he arm , while sundance clobber the Guard 's head with the butt of he pistol . the Guard fall witnout a sound . curt to : sundance move off in one direction , beckone for butch . sundance we horse be over here -- cur to : butch butch get ' tem , then get I . and he break into a run toward the superposse 's horse . cur to : the horse as butch reach they . they be enormous animal and they do not move as he come up . quickly he go from one to the next , untying each in turn until they be all freed . then -- cont . 78 351 cont . 352 176 butch ( he voice urgent , . put not loud ) - okay , move . . the horse stand there . . butch move I tell you . ee lead one horse a few step . louder now -~ butch it 's okay , go on now , go on . the horse do not budge . louder than before -- butch get out of here ! the horse stay where they be . butch ( big ) ya fathead beast get go ! CUT to : sundance riding up , lead butch 's horse . sundance you be the fathead beast -- quit shouting . butoh mount , about to take off . he glance back one time . : CUT to : '' " 353 176 354 355 356 357 358 359 79 the superposse's horse they stand very still , wait . cur to : butch and sundance , butch ( shaking he head ) somebody sure train them . , , cur to : another angle . ~ butch and sundance riding oft , top speed into the early darimess . ' CUT to : some wood - night above , a little moon . butch and sundance ride by . cur to : more wood thicker . it be dark here . butch and sundance appear , riding slowly . it. be ugly riding , the branch of tree constantly whipping out at they . cuT to : deeper wood the tree be attack they now as they ride slowly past , do they best to protect themsalves . cur to : dareness the wood be still very deep . abruptly butch rein up . . butch why be we kill ourselves ? it 's night . what if they be not even after we ? : / sundance what if they be ? and he ride on without pause . butch ride after he . cut to : 176 360 361 362 80 butch and sundance riding . they face be cut now , they clothes tear . cut to : a clearing - night sundance ride into it first , stop . sundance . which way ? butch ( atop beside he ) Hell , it do not matter -- I do not know where we have be and I have just be there . so they can not be follow we . we be safe . sundance you really think so ? butce iwill 4 for you will . he ride off . sundance ride after he . cur to : there two horse yiderless . camera pull back to reveal the crest ofa hill . the horse be safely tie . it be still very much night . at. the crest of the hill , butch and sundance sit , stare out the way they come . for a moment nothing be say . then -- butch how long you figure we be watch ? sundance awhile . butch how much longer before you think they be not after we ? sundance a while longer . butch : how come you be always so talkative ? sundance bear blabby . . cur to : 81 363 butice he amile , stand , stretch . ~ buich I have not ride so much since I quit rustling . that 's a miserable occupation ; dusk to dawn , dusk to dawn , no sleep , rotten food -- {and suddenly he tone change --) hey -- : sundance ( as butch crouch down beside he ) I see it . cur to : 36h a long shot of the deep wood - night through which they have just come . and now , for the first time , the superposse begin to take on a almost phantom quality . for what we see , very faintly in the distance , be a slowly move glow . the glow never stop move . it never move fast , but it keep come toward they . '' butch voice ' ( o.s. , whisper ) torch , you think ? sundance's voice ( o.s . ) maybe . maybe lantern . ( ) butich voice 0.8. : that 's we path they be follow . sundance's voice ( o.s . ) Dead on it . butch voice ( o.s. ) I could not do that . could you do that ? how can they do that ? CUT to : - 176 4176 365 366 367 368 369 . . 82 . closeup - butch face worried . his word be the first mention of what will become a litany . butch who be that guy ? cur to : butch and sundance riding . cur to : the glow behind they in the wood . it just keep on come . cut to : ext , trail - butch and sundance riding side by side , talk as they go . they have be go over and over this . sundance -- you sure this will work ? butch positive . sundance you be positive sweetface be scared of you . butch this will work . CUT . to : the trail where i? divide butch and sundance come riding into view , side by side still , and sundance take a deep breath , time he move , then switch horse , clamber om behind butch . when the trail divide , butch and sundance on one horse go off one way , while sundance 's horse be suppose to take the other way , only the horse start to follow they . sundance take a swipe at it with he hat and both shout for the animal to take off . CUT to : 370 371 372 373 374 176 '' 83 sundance's horse stop . curt to : butch and sundance riding on . CUT to : sundance's horse it take the cther trail . it run inte the darimess and be go . curt to : butice pace . pull back to reveal the crest of another hill . this one more rock - like than the one precede , as the terrain be start to change . sundance rest on he haunch , stare back down the way they have come . the one horse be in the b.g . it be still dark , but get close to dawn now . butch ( continue he nervous movement ) once they divide up , we will take ‘em ; no trouble at all , right ? sundance maybe . butch for a gunman you be one helluva pessimist . . . sundance all the laugh boy be go . and with that he snap he finger , point -- cur to : the view of the superposse come steadily ehead . . cont. 374 cont. butch voice ( o.s . ) they should get to where we split any time now . the glow of the superposse stop . sundance's voice ( o.8 . ) they be there . butch voice ( o.3 . ) I wonder how many will come we way ? -- I wish we have rifle -- they get rifle -- but what the hell , we get surprise go for we , right ? -- ' the glow of the superposse separate now . one glow begin moving toward camera , the other begin go in a different direction . CUT to : 375 butch up and pace again . he take out he gun , start to check they over as he move . . butch , -- 30 far they be do what we want , so do you think this ia a good place to try and take ‘em ? -- down closer to the trail maybe or -- i! . sundance's voice ( of , s. , big ) . dammiz . as butch whirl -- CUT to : 376 the superposse slowly , the two glow be move back together . — they join : up , and now there be but a single glow again , and again , slowly , relentlessly , the glow begin moving toward the camera . CUT to : 176 revised - " butch cassidy and the sundance kid " - 11/20/68 85 377 closeup - sundance to for the first time now he be worried , and it show . sundance who be that guy ? 378 the glow of the superposse as it continue to move slowly toward they -- 379 --. out wee 399 cur to : a-399 sheriff ray bledsoe asleep in he bed . he be in a small room connect to a small jail . one window look out at rocky terrain . cur to : b-399 butch and sundance enter . bledsoe stir , see they , then suddenly erupt '' from he bed . bledsoe what be you do here ? butch easy Ray -- bledsoe ( riding roughsh through anything butch start to say to he ) =- hell easy -- just because we be friend do not give you the right -- what do you think would happen to I 4 for we be see together ? -- I be too old to hunt up another job . ( glaring hard at they ) at least have the decency to draw you gun . ( butch and sundance draw ) you promise you would never come into my territory -- cont . 176 revised - " butch cassidy and the sundance eid " - 11/20/68 86 b-399 cont . butch ; -- and we keep we word , do not ~ we , Ray ? sundance -- we never pull off anything near you -- butch -- everybody in the business we tell , ' leave old Ray bledsoe alone 's -- sundance == we be good to you , Ray -- butch -- now you be good to we <-- help we enlist in the Army and fight the Spanish . bledsoe you be know outlaw . ' sundance ' we would quit . ' bledsoe - ( explode ) you wake I up to tell I you reform ? = rt sundance it 's the truth , Ray , I swear . butch no ; let 's not lie to Ray . '' we have not come close to reforming . we never will . ( he be desperately honest now ) it 's just -- my country 's at war and I be not get any young and I be sick of my life Ray . bledsoe ( there 1s a pause . bull : then --— cont . 176 revised - " butch cassidy and the sundance kid " - 11/20/68 87 b-399 cont . 1 butch all right . there 's a certain situation that 's come up and -- , it could work , Ray -- a lot of guy like we have join up ; we could too if you would help we -- either fake we through or tell the government how we change -- they get to believe you ; hell , you never do a dishonest thing yet and what be you , sixty ? bledsoe you have do too much for amnesty and you be too well know to disguise ; you should have get yourselves kill a long time ago when you have the chance . sundance we be ask for you help , Ray ! bledsoe something 's get you panicked and it 's too late , you may be the biggest thing ever to hit this area , but in the long run , you be just two - bit outlaw . I never meet a soul more . affable than you , butch , or faster than the kid , but you be still nothing but a couple two - bit outlaw on the dodge . buich do not you get it , Ray -- something 's out there . we can maybe outrun 's ‘em awhilé longer but then if you could -- : bledsoe -- you just want to hide out till it 's old time again , but it 's over . it 's over , do not you get that ? it 's over and you be beth gonna die bloody , and all you can do be choose where . softer now ) I be sorry . I be get mean in my old age . shut I up , sundance . cut to : 176 revised " butch cassidy and the sundance k " = 12/20/68 88 - c-399 400 ko 4o2 403 hoa 91 the glow of the superposse see in the distance . , CUT to : sundance the gag in he hand . CUT to : butch reach the rear door , open it , go out . a moment later , sundance follow he . CUT to : bledsoe stare after they ; move . camera hold on the old man a moment . then -- cut to : the SUN and it be blind . CUT to : butch and sundance riding the one horse and riding as fast as they can , consider the terrain , which be a narrow path border on both side by enormous boulder . this be mountainous territory start now and the horse slip , rights itself , '' and they continue to move with no slow of pace until we --~ CUT to : 176 405 406 4o7 408 409 410 ge a mountain stream - day butch and sundance ride across it , then double back almost immediately into the stream and ride in the water for awhile , then they move out of the stream , arid almost immediately double back again , recross it surprisingly , pick up the pace now , and then -= - cur to : narrow trail - butch and sundance - day seat on the horse , they be motionless and so be the animal as they all three wait in a narrow part of the all but invisible path they have be follow . now -- cuT to : closeup - butch and sundance this shot take a long long time , as they wait , hardly breathe , and listen for tne least conceivable sound . first there be nothing . then , as they ear get accustom - ed , there be wind , the wind pick up . it die . it start up again and butch and sundance still wait , motionless , want to be damn sure they be safe and through the wind another sound begin to drum in now ; faint but always grow , it be the hoof of the superposse and -- : CUT to : butch and sundance's horse start eff in overdrive and -- cur to : butch and sundance go as fast as they can along a difficult trail . they be more worried than before and they neither of they pother to_hide it as they work they horse along as best they can and -- / CUT to : butch and sundance make a difficult cut on they horse move into a area that be bound by boulder and it 's miserable terrain to ride through but they keep on go , sweaty and beat and -- CUT to : ww 176 4il 412 413 41g 415 93 another angle - butch and sundance '' riding along faster than before , try another change of direction , then another , never slow for a second and < < cut to : another angle ~ butch and sundance seat motionless on they horse again . this be another long , long , listen shot only they be breathe 4 little harder now from they effort and it 's hard to get perfectly quiet but they make it and then as before , there 48 no sound , nothing , then , again as before , there be wind , then the wind die . then as it start to build again there come the sound right behind they of a rock siipping down and the sound mean the superposse have they dead but butch jerk around desperately get he gun out and sundance 's be already free and he fire and pire and as the sound explode off the boulder -- cur to : a little dead lizard it have cause the sound they would hear , the little rock roll a little way and -- cur to : butch and sundance leok at each other , both of they with they gun out , and there be not anything to say , because they be both of they scared and they know it and it show . sundance put he gun back , butch do the same , they look away from each other and start to ride . . CUT to : ext , boulder area - the horse riderless . it stand still , drink water from @ small stream as we pull back to reveal butch exhaust , lie half in , half out of the water , rub he face with a bandana , butch ( as he lie there ) you be just waste you energy do that . cur to : 176 416 417 418 41g 420 421 94 sundance ' he 4s climb a large boulder to get a view of the countryside . cur to : butch | lie in the water , shouting up . butch they can not follow we over rock . cuut to : sundance on top of the boulder now , stare out . sundance tell they that . CUT to : butch he struggle to he foot and begin walk to the poulder where sundance be . as he move , he start go faster , run new across the ground and when he reach the boulder he leap onto it , scratch he way up alongside sundance . cut to : rocky terrain - a long , long shot with the blind sun bounce off rock make every - thing hard to see . but there , in the great distance , be the superposse . look at they be like look at a mirage . , cur to : butch and sundance squinting , shield they eye , try desperately to see . : cur to : 422 423 176 95 mirage shot - it 4s very . hard to make out what be go on , but perhaps all the superposse , save one man , be on horse= back , and perhaps that one man be on he haunch , stare at the ground . cur to : butch and sundance squinting out , butch ( gentally ) they be beginning to get on my nerve , : ( not so genially ) who be that guy ? sundance you remember when you and etta and I go to Denver last summer for a vacation ? CUT to : 424 425 426 4e7 176 96 closeup ~ butch he be absolutely stupifile by the question , butch now there 's a really important topic , consider we situation -- _I be sure glad you bring that up -- cut to : closeup - sundance he be as pensive right here as butch be agitate . sundance that night we go gambling , remember ? cuUT to : butch and sundance .- butch sure , kid , I remember . we eat supper at the hotel first . I have the roast beef and etta order chicken and if I could ' only remember what you have I would die a happy man . sundance ( ignore butch ; go right on ) look out there -- and as he point -- cur to : mirage shot it be still very hard to make anything out with clarity , but £t appear that all the superposse be still on horse - back , save one , who be still on -his haunch , stare at the ground . ( sundance's voice o.s. we get to talk with some gambler that night . and he tell we about the indian . a full blooded indian except he call himself with a English name , Sir somebody -- cont. 427 408 4ag 430 176 97 cont . butch voice - ( o.s. ) Lord Baltimore . ( ) sundance's voice 0.8. that 's right . he call himself lerd Baltimore and he could track anybody . over anything . Day or night . cur to butch and sundance lie om the boulder , stare out . butch so? sundance that guy on the ground -- I think it 's he -- CUT to : mirage shot / they appear to be almost statue . cur to : mirage shot - the man on the ground it be as if butch and sundance be strain they eye to the point of pain try to see clearly . the man on the Ground might indeed be a indian -- but the sun bounce off the rock be just too strong , the distance just too great . during this -- butch voice ( o.8 . ) I can not quite see he clear . sundance's voice ( o.3 . } I either , but it might be . cur to : 176 431 432 433 434 435 98 butch and sundance sundance still stare out . butch turn to he . butch except he work out of Oklahoma «- Lord Baltimore 's strictly a Oklahoma man and I do not know where we be but it be not Oklahoma , so it could not be he , it could not be hin , . sundance ( nodd ) I guess , cur to : mirage shot - the man on the ground he stand slowly , then gesture dead in the direction of butch and sundance , as he do <- . sundance's voice ( o.s . ) but whoever he be , he sure the hell be somebody . the man on the Ground mount . the superposse begin to move forward again , steadily , inevitably , and -- CUT to : ext . canyon trail - butch and sundance ~ day poth of they on the one horse , riding . as fast as they can . cur to : very high shot . / of a trail lead through a canyon . the terrain now be wilder , rockier , increasingly isolate , increasingly beautiful . below now , butch and sundance can be make out . camera pull back to reveal the superposse behind they , closer now , move as steadily and smoothly as a machine . CUT to : butch and sundance on the horse , butch be go on nervous energy now and it show . they come to a break in the rock and he stare wback , we mow at what . ° cont . 176 99° 435 cont . 436 437 438 439 butch damn they anyway . be not they hungry ? «= be not they tired ? sundance get to be . butch ( anger building ) then why do not they slow down ? Hell , they could speed . up and that would be fine too -- it would be a change . they do not even break formation -- ( shouting ) do something ! cut to : mirage shot the superposse move on as before . sundance's voice ( o.s . they be like they horse -- somebody sure train ‘em ... cur to : a extremely rocky area - day cur to : butch and sundance , sundance lead the horse now as they scramble along as fast as they can , when the terrain allow for it , they run . cur to : buich and sundance run , until without warning butch trip and fall heavily down . butch ( grab the rock thet trip he ) ya stupid rock ! and he smashes it down against a boulder -- cur to : 176 100 alo butch and sundance walk , terribly out of breath . they face drip sweat . sundance : butch ? butch what ? sundance '' who 's the best lawman ? butch best how ? you mean toughest or easiest to bribe ? sundance toughest . butch ( without hesitation ) Joe lefor . sundance ( nodd ) get to be . . butch why ? -- ( answer the question himself ) you crazy ? Joe lefor never leave Missouri -- never , and you know it . sundance but he wear a white straw skimmer , do not he ? that 's how you know it 's Joe lefor , by that white straw skimmer . cut to : 4ha mirage shot sundance's voice ( o.s. ) well ? that guy in the middle ...? the superposse be too far away to tell anything exactly . but the man in the middle dee appear to be wear a hat that might indeed be white , that might be make of straw , cuut to : ane 443 aas aag 447 176 101 butch and sundance wedge between some rock , stare out at the superposse -- buich - ( almost a - whisper now ) : who be that guy ? cur to : a shot of the terrain - day , it be even rougher now , verge on the mountainous . and really very beautiful . . CUT to : butch and sundance stumbling along , lead the horse . therway they be take be the flattest way possible , but now , more and more , there be path that lead up into the mountain . cur to : another angle -. butch and sundance make they way . they be completely exhaust now , beat down to the ground . they clothes be rag and tear and go be they . they pause for a moment , gulp down air , pull 1t into they lung and -- cur to : mirage shot the superposse 1s move on foot now , they horse follow along behind they . but they move fast and seemingly with - out effort , as if in a dream . . cur to : butch and sundance glance back , push on . * CUT . to : a shot of the mountain it 's later in the afternoon now . CUT to : 176 4g 450 451 452 453 455 102 butch and sundance send they horse the way they have be go while they cut off and up , into the mountain . cut to : the horse go . cur to : butch and sundance , move up higher into the mountain . , CUT to : the two of they make they way . they be follow a fairly wide path and waking good time . below they , a mountain stream be occasionally visible . cur to : butch and sundance catch they breath a moment , glance back the way they come . : butch . I figure they follow the horse , do not you ? . : sundance no. . cur to : the path far below they . the superposse move into view , on foot . cur to : butch and sundance . watch as the superposse become visible . butch if you be so smart , why be not you rich ? cur to : 176 456 457 458 459 460 461 462 103 the superposse they move on foot as they move on horseback : bunched together , silently , without strain . CUT to : butch and sundance go like sixty . cur to : . the path they be following as it curve along . below , the stream 1s widen and go faster , something . 1t continue to do , shadows be start to lengthen . soon , dusk . CUT to : butch and sundance do they best . the path be narrower now , but still wide enough for they both to move side by side and they force themselves along it . gur to : the path curving up . they race along it , then begin to slow as the path start to narrow . cur to : another angle - the path they be move indian file now , sundance lead . ' cur to : a shot of the two of they . from the stream below at this distance , perhaps fifty foot , as they move through sunlight and shadow , they seem very , very , small . cur . to : 176 463 yey 465 466 4.67 468 469 470 104 the pate widen now , and they pick up the pace . : CUT to : another angle - the path widen more , and now they be both of they run flat out , heedless of where they be and -- ' we to : the SUN just start to edge down over the mountain and -- cur to : the stream quite wide and fast now , and still in sunlight , while all around it there be shadow ; the effect be atumn as it swirl areund and around - cur to : the path - at dusk end . cur to : butch and sundance stand there , just stand there gape at the dead end the path have lead they into . butce and sundance damrt ! ( together ) cuT to : a long shot - the two of they stand there stunne , the sound echoing over and over and - cur to : butch and sundance whirling , start back the way they come and -- CUT to : 176 471 472 473 47h 4s 105 the superposse move up toward they . . , cur to : butcr and sundance watch they come . butch what I figure be we can fight or we can give . ( sundance nod ) if we give , we go to jail . CUT to : closeup -- sundance shaking he head . sundance ( with all the meaning . in the world ) I be there already . cur to : butch nodd in agreement . butch I too . if we fight they can stay right where they be and starve we out <= . ' he glance up now and -- cur to : the mountain above they High up , there be open flat place where a man could fire down on they . butch voice ( o.s. ) -- or they could go for position and shoot we -- cor to : 476 477 478 479 480 176 butch and sundance butch er or they could start a little rock slide and get we that way . what else could they do ? sundance they could surrender to we but I do not think we oughtta count - on that . cur to : butch he laugh , but the moment will not hold . butch ( flat and down ) what be we gorma do ? . CUT to : butch and sundance sundance you always be the brain , butch ; you will think of something . butch well that take a load off ; for awhile there I be worried . he look back down the way they come and -- cur to : the suferposse the man in the white hat be gesture and now the Super posse begin to split , some of they move onto a higher path thet lead above where butch and sundance be . cur to : butch and sundance watch they climb . sundance they be go for position all right . cont. 107 4.80 cont . . 480 cont. sundance take out he gun , start to examine they with great care . sundance we better get ready . butce ( get he . gun ready ) the next time I say let 's go somewhere like Bolivia , let 's go somewhere like Bolivia . sundance next. time . cur to : 481 the superposse they continue to make they way up , move quickly and silently across the mountain . cut to : 4,62 sundance sundance ( watch they get into position ) you ready , butch ? butch voice ( o.8 - ) not and as sundance turn -- the camera zoom to closeup of butch . he be smile . butch we will jump ! cur to : 483 the stream below it be fifty foot down and go very fast . CUT to : 176 108 484 butch and sundance sundance like hell we will . butch be really excited now -- all this next be overlap and go like a shot . : butch no , no , it 's gonna be okay -- just so it 's deep enough we do not get squish to death -- they will never follow we -- : sundance -- how do you imow ? -- butch . -- would you make that jump if you do not have to ? -- : sundance -- I have to and I be not gonna <-- butch ~- it 's the only way . otherwise we be dead , ' they will have to go all the way back down the way we come . come on -- sundance ( look up the mountain ) -- just a couple decent shot -- thet 's all I want -- butce ~- come on -- sundance =- no -- butch w= we get to -- sundance - mo -— butch -- yes -- sundance -- get away from I -- cont . 176 176 109 484 cont . 485 486 butch -- why ? <-- sundance -- I wanna fight ‘em --. butch -- they will kill we -- , sundance -- maybe -- butch -- you wanna die ? -- sundance -- do not you ? . butch e- I will jump first -- sundance -- no -- butch -- okay , you jump first -- sundance -- no I say -- butch ( big ) what 'sa matter with you ? sundance ( vigger ) toca not swim ! blind mad , wildly embarrassed , he just stand there -- cut to : butch start to roar . cur to sundance . anger building . CUT to ; * 176 487 488 489 490 494 492 493 illo butch butch you stupid fool , the fali!ll probably kill you . cur to : sundance start to laugh now and -- CUT to : the two of they | butch whip off he gun belt , take hold of one end , hold the other out . sundance take it , wrap 1t once tight around he hand . they move to the edge of the path and step off . cur to : another angle - butch and sundance fall through the twilight . CUT to : the biggest splash ever record . CUT to : the stream - dusk go like hell . then -- curt to : butch and sundance alive in the water . Music begin , the same music that go on during butch and etta 's bicycle ride , and as the music pick up , so do the speed of the current as it carry they along , spin and turn and -- cur to : 176 hgh 495 lil the superfosse freeze in the twilight on the mountainside . as they . stand there -~ curt to : ext . stream = butch and sundance - twilight from high above , swirl happily along . hold on butch and sundance in the twilight ; they move in and out of shadow , sputtering and cough , hold tight to the gun belt and as the music hit a climax , they be swirl safely out of sight ... fade out 176 496 497 498 499 500 112 fade in etta' place - on her doorstep - late night etta 's arm be lock around she leg ; she chin rest on she imee , she look half dead . . CUT to : closeup - etta she just sit there wait , hunch over , motionless . one get the feel she be bear in that position , and when she die , she will never have move . cut to : the night it be too dark to make anything out clearly until we -- curt to : butch and sundance move out of the darkmess toward etta . they have come a long way now , and there be nothing leave . they manage to keep walk . curt to : eyta rise as they close the gap . without a word she move to meet they and she arm go around . they both . they stand that way a moment , etta and she man . then -- eita the papers say they have you . sundance be it lefor do they say ? er ta ( a little hesitant nod ) Joe lefor ? ..- I think that be the name ... sundance and they tracker ? eita tracker ? cont . 113 500 cont . sol - 502 503 504 , 178 butce be it Lord Baltimore ? erta I think so ... the paper 's inside , butch hurry into the house . for 9 moment , etta hold just sundance , but they game have never be to show any - thing , no matter what , so she drop she arm , sundance get enough to feed we ? eyta do not you know I do ? CUT to : etta turn . she start toward the front door . with she back to sundance -- etta they rumor you be dead and -- CUT to : sundance sundance =- do not make a big thing out of it . cur to : etta she nod once , continue silently toward the house . then -- cur to : sundance watch as etta move away . sundance no ... it 's okay ; make a big thing out of it . cut to : 14 505 . ett start to whirl toward he but before the move be half | . . ' do he have she and she complete the spin with he arm ~ already arcund she and it 's dark , and they do not embrace , . . for long , but still , we can see it : they care for each . other . they care . cur to : 506 int . eita' house - butch - night sit at the dining table , look at a paper , butch ( call out ) hey -- it be lefor and Baltimore and you know who else ? cur to : 507 sundance and etta enter . etta go to stove where a large pot be simmer - ing and probably have be for day . she reach for plate and during this -- CUT to : 3 508 butch and sundance butch ( read : the name be enormously . impressive to he ) Jeff carr , George hiatt , t.t. kelliher -- sundance ( the name register on he too ; as he sit across from butch ) we luck out , get away , you know that ? butch neds . sundance now why would that guy join up and take after we ? butch ( fold the paper away ) . forget it -- a bunch like that will not keep together long . cuut to : 176 176 509 510 sll - 512 513 epta 115 concentrate very hard on fix they food . eita you do not finish the article , butch -- they be hire till you be dead . butch and sundance stunne . etta she look at : they briefly , nod . butch and sundance eita vine sundance by ? cur to : cur to : cur to : pile food onto two plate , be very careful not to spill . etta Mr. e.h. harriman of the Union Pacific railroosd . ee resent the wey you 'v be pick on he so he outfit a special train and hire some special employee -- you have spend the last few day avoid they -- it 's really sort of flatter , if you want to think about it that way . 514 butch and sundance and etta butch Hell , a setup like that 's cost he more and we ever take -- , etta apparently he can afford it . cur to : 4 51 516 517 518 519 176 116 closeup - butch wild and upset and angry . . butch that crazy harriman -- it 's bad pusiness =~ how long do you think I would stay in operation if every time I pull a job it cost I money ? -- if he would just give I what he 's spend to make I stop robbing he , I would stop robbing he -~ he probably inherite every penny he 's get ; that inherite guy , what do they know ? cur to : sundance and etta . sundance you say they be hire permanent ? etta no , no , no -- just till they kill you . she bring food to table and -- CUT to : sundance up fast , move to door -- he be upset now too -- sundance that mean they be still after we , butch -- it 's gonna be like yesterday all over again -- they will show here sooner or later -- : cur to : butch butch I vote for later . and as he begin ravenously to eat -- curt to : two plate * papidly empty of food . cur to : a 176 520 s21 s22 523 117 eita sit on the front step while behind she at the table , butch and sundance eat , sundance hey btta -- very pensive , she stare out , in the same wait position as when they come back . now she rise -- etta I will gat you some more . curt to : butch and sundance as etta take they plate , go to stove . sundance butch and I be talk and . wherever the hell Bolivia be , that 's where we be off to . cur to : eita at the stove . she nod , say nothing . CUT to : butch and sundance and etta . : butch we be just gonna hide out till it 's safe and maybe keep we hand in a little -- if that lousy harriman want to spend some money tracking we down , let 's let he really spend some money , sundance butch speak some Spanish -- butch you imow , I can wrestle with a menu okay . CUT to : 176 52h 525 526 527 118 sundance sundance ( to etta ) you speak it good . and it would be good cover for we go with a woman -- no ome expect it -- we can travel safer . so what I be say be , if you want to come with we , I will not stop you , but the minute you start to whine or make a.nuisance , I do not care where we be , I be dump you flat . CUT to : butch butce do not sugarcoat it like that , sundance -- tell she straight -- curt to : closeup = etta for a moment , she say nothing . then , start soft , pbuild as she go -- eita I be twenty -six , and I be single , and I teach school , and except for be twenty - six and single and a librarian , that 's the bottom of the pit . and the only excitement : I have ever imown be sit in the room with I now . so I will go with you , and I will not whine , and I will sew you sock and stitch you when you be wounded , and anything you ask of I i!1l do , except one thing : I will not watch you die . I will miss that scene if you do not ming ... hold on etta 's lovely face a moment -- dissolve to : a SMALL suitcase camera pull back to reveal etta , dress for travel . ' the house be dark as she pick up the suitcase , go to door , - look around she little home one final time , then -- cur to : 176 528 529 530 - 532 119 butch and sundance - night wait outside , etta go to sundance who reach for she bag . butch take a final glance around and as he turn he head , camera pan to the night and everything exist in it . it be a gigantic , long pan shot and everything the camera touch have it 's own beauty and as the camera con -* tinue it 's way , it go . by etta 's dark house and there , lean against the side of . the house be butch 's bike and the second the camera hit it “-_zoom to butch , closeup , bawling it out at the top of he tung -- butch the future 's all yours , ya lousy bicyelest as he word echo -- cur to : the bike ag the camera continue it's move . as it go , the night darken , until we be for one second look at a black screen and then there be a bright white flash and we be beginning -- musical interlude number two ss eee like the first , this do not make a literal connection with the action on screen ; again , the two connect emotion ~ ally , and as a matter - of - fact , since what take place on screen be happy and " up , " the song here will more than likely be a poignant one . among the moment cut to hers be : the bright white flash mention above -- this 1s the flash from a portrait photographer 's camera and as the flash end , sundance and etta be visible , both of they dress as elegantly in formal attire , stand side - by-side . then there be another shot . A. butch be see , similarly dress . then there be another shot : B , the three of they and as the photographer escort they cordially to the door of he studio , the door open and we see -- 176 533 53k 535 536 537 538 120 ext , new york CITY STREET - at the turn of the century - etta , butch and sundance - day and that 's why they be happy during this , because they have never be there before and it 's new and so incredibly different -- the building loom gigantic and the street seem jamme and there be streetcar and horse - draw carriage and drummer on the sidewalk hawk medal and silly game and flag wave from the building window and man with sandwich board advertising thing like lunch and watch repair and -- a umbrella - in the raiy and as we pull back , we see the three of they hurry under it and then there be more umbrella as we continue to full back and the whole street be hurry along try to beat the rain and -- ext . new york STREET - butch and sundance and etta - a sunny day veer down the street in a shiny black car with red wheel . sundance be drive , and as a horse - draw carriage pass they , we go to -- ext . tiffany be - day it be in Union Square at this time , and there be street - ear track in front and the sign say " Tiffany & company '' and more often than not , there be horse - draw carriage line up and from here we be -- int . tiffany be butch be select etta a ring and she be touch ; he see the price of the ring , whisper to she and she surrepti-— tiously go into she purse , but she do not have enough so - she glance at sundance who hand she some money she pass on to butch who casually pay for the ring and the next thing wa see be -~ a highly untrustworthy face clearly the face of a man who make a somewhat shadowy live , and the untrustworthy face do not look bappy and as we pull back , we see why , because now we be in a shoot gallery of the period and the untrustworthy face run the gallery and the reason he be not happy be that butch and sundance be fire , and as they fire , target go down , and as the target fall , etta win toy and prize , more and more of they , as we move from butch and sundance fire to the untrustworthy face stunne and start to perspire , to etta , the pile of prize in she arm continue to grow . etta can not help laugh , and as butch and sundance continue to upset the balance of payment in the shoot gallery , we see -- . 176 539 12 ! int , a terribly elegant restaurant , there be headwaiter and musician and butch and sundance and etta be eat . they be wonderfully well - dress and the whole look of the three of they fit right in with they surroundings , and then sundance and etta be dance , and they do it well , as well as any other dancer on the floor , and as they continue to spin and turn , we see a number of thing very quickly , and they all share one thing : elegance . a fine red wine be pour into a fragile goblet ; a headwaiter bow ; a silver tray cover be pull up , be - vesling a beautifully cook game bird , and the feel of splendor and elegance build along with the music until the interlude end and we -- CUT to : 176 540 shi 122 a SMALL patch of sand a pair of boot walk onto the patchy stand there . then another pair of boot move up to the first ; finally , a pair of shoe encase a lady 's foot move up and stop . there be moment 's pause before we pull back to reveal butch and sundance and etta , stand on what might be call a street in a pit of a town that in no way resemble the french riviera -- horrid little low adobe hut stretch out - and a occasional pig grunt by : we be in Bolivia . butch glance at sundance who be close to a homeric anger . in the distance , a stagecoach pull away . butch ( to etta ) just think : fifty year ago there be nothing here . sundance give butch a look . butch it 's not as bad a it might be -- you get more for you money in . Bolivia than anywhere -- I check -- sundance =~ what could they sell here you could possibly want to buy ? -- cur to : the bolivian STREET - day it really be terrible . you would not wish the place on you mother - in - law , . cur to : butch and sundance butch all Bolivia can not look this way -- sundance how do you know ? -- this might be the garden spot of the whole country -- people may travel hundred of mile just to get right where we be stand now -- this might be the Atlantic City New Jersey of all Bolivia , for all zou lmow -- cont. 542 cont. 543 butch butch I know as much about Bolivia as you do about Atlantic City New Jersey , I will tell you that much < < sundance you do ? I be bear in New Jersey ; iwas bring up there , so -- genuinely surprised . say sundance sus etta . butch you be from the East ? I do not kmow that . sundance the total tonnage of what you do not mow be enough -- move to they , do she best to pacify -- 176 etta I be net sure we be accomplish ag mich as we might . now , if -- sundance listen : you job be to back I up because you would starve without I . etta ovite the word _ out ) I -- shall -- commit -- that -- to -- memory . sundancs ( to butch now ) and you -- you job be to shut up . 123 CUT to : cur to : cur to : cuuut to : 176 5u6 s47 sug 5u9 550 126 butch move to etta . butch ( softly ; consol ) he will feel a lot better once wa rob a couple bank . cut to : sundance stare around he , sundance bolivial cur to : ext . a SMALL bank in a different , bigger town - day the bank be on the town 's busy street -- a few people straggle by . pull back to reveal butch and sundance casually watch the bank from across the street . butce ( as they start toward the bank ) now , when we get inside , remember , the first thing we do be head straight for the -- sundance -- I kmow how to rob a bank -- do not tell I how to rob a bank -- '' butch | Boy , a few dark cloud appear on you horizon , you just go all to piece . int . the bank as butch and sundance appear in the doorway . | CUT to : butch and sundance peer around , try to get they bearing . cur to : 176 552 552 553 554 555 125 a large armed guard watch they . he be seat but now stand , vegin move forward . cut to : butch and sundance watch the guard approach , both of they ready . cur to : thr armed guard he stop . there be a pause . then -- Buenos dias ; 1 tee gervir ? , cur to : butch and sundance sundance look at butch , wait for he to say something . butch just stand there , stunne . then -- CUT to : int . a cheap HOTEL room butch and sundance and etta sit , huddle together . etta be teach they Spanish . etta all right , pay attention now . this ig a robbery : esto es un robo . butch esto es un robo . etta ( to sundance ) we be suppose to be do unison recitation . sundance I do not kmow why I have to do any of this -- he 's the one claim he 'my the damn language -~ cont . : 176 126 555 cont . 556 557 558 559 etta wa have go over this before -- you line of work require a specialize vocabulary -- butch that 's right -- I get nervous -- I do not kmow the word -- shoot I . sundance you have have worse idea lately -- cur to : etta she mean what she 's say -- : etta I simply cannot tolerate this kind of outburst -- both together now -- this be a robbery : esto es un robo . gut to ; butch and sundance butch and sundance ( together -- sundance a trifle sullenly ) esto es un rebo . CUT to : etta ' throughout , she vocal intonation be of the same machinelike quality achieve by berlitz instructor . etta raise you hand : mano arriba . cor to : butch and sundance and etta - day they be walk along a hot , quiet street now . the lesson go right on . cont . revised - " butch cassidy and the sundance kid " - 11/4/68 127 559 cont . butch and sundance . ( together ) - - mane arriba . etta raise they ! : arriba ! butch and sundance ( together ) arriba ! cur to : 460 closeup ~ etta etta all of you -- back against the wall . full back to reveal butch and sundance and etta , eat in a crummy restaurant . butch ( do he best ) tode ustede -- arrismense a la pare . etta {to sundance now ) give I the money . CUT . to : 561 closeup - sundance it 's on the tip of he tongue . pull back to reveal sundance and etta in bed . sundance what be that again ? eyta ( impatient ) give I the money . sundance embrace etta suddenly . he 's all over she , nuzzling she , hold she to he -- cont . 176 revised - " butch cassidy and the sundance kid " - 11/4/68 128 561 cont . etta that 's not go to work and we be go to stay up all night till you get this --~ give I the money . ( she knock on the wall by the bed you still think in there ? ( butch voice 0.8 . what the hell else be there to do ? etta ( to the wall ) . try this one : where 's the safe ? open it . 562 - out 571 CUT to : a-571 butch - in the next room he be rapidly run he finger down a crib sheet . butch that 's a hard one -- just lemme think now -- ( and he 's find $ it on he sheet ) donde esta la caja ? abrala . etta' voice ( o.s . ) that 's very good , butch . cuT to : be571 etta and sundance - in bed butch voice ( o.8 . ) you be just a good teacher , etta . . etta for the last time : give I the money . '' cuut to : 176 revised - " butch cassidy and the sundance kid " - 11/4/68 129 c-571 . sundance the answer be so close now it 's kill hin . cur to : d571 etta etta you would starve without I . dissolve to : e-571 a bolivian STREET - day full back to reveal butch and sundance and etta . etta be look out the window . she be dress , purse in hand . etta someplace out there must sell horse . I will get the best I can with what we have get leave . ( she go to the door ) : but do not expect much . ~ ( as she exit ) . and do not stop -- begin at the beginning and go right through : this be a robbery . and on this word -- cur to : 176 176 ' s72 573 130 the same armed guard as before as before , he speak -- guard Buenos dias , le puedo -- sundance 's gun hit he once on the head and as he fall senseless -- pull back to reveal butch and sundance in the bank , gun draw -- butch esto es ..- 09 «ee ( yank out he erib sheet ) robo ! CUT to : everyone in the bank before butch can even finish , they all quietly raise they hand and back quickly against the wall . cuT to : 176 57k 575 576 577 578 579 131 butch . jumpy as hell -- read , first more or less to 's himself make sure he 's get it right , then out loud . butch ( to himself ) raise you hand . {out loud ) manos arriba . cur to : sundance move nervously among the people in the bank , frisk they for weapon as he go . sundance they get them up -- skip on down -- CUT to : butch read . butch ( to himself ) raise they ! ( out loud ) arriba ! cuT to : sundance . sundance skip -- on -- down ! cur to : '' butch butch ( to himself ) back against the wall . ( out loud ) arrimense a la pare . cur to : sundance sundance they ' re-acainst - the-wall - already ! cut to : : ] 176 580 581 562 583 58h , 585 132 butch _ furious . butch do not jou imow enough not to eriticize someone who 's do bis best ? go to sundance , shov. the paper at he here -- you be so damn smart , you read -- . CUT to : the bank people stand quietly confuse , hand raise , look at each other . to cur to : butch and sundance each of they carry small bag of money , tear out of the bank and -- cur to : etta in the shadow by a building . she be dress in man 's clothing and she wait expectantly , stare out of the shadow . she hold the rein of three horse , none of they much worth look at . as butch and sundance come run into view , she quickly mount she horse , lead the other two toward they and -- cur to : people from the bank pour out onto the street , look around , then start to call out : bank people bandidos -- bandidos yangui -~- cuut to : butch and sundance and etta riding just as fast as they horse will go out of town cur to : 176 586 587 588 589 590 592 133 half a dozen bank people run into the office of the local constabulary -- '' '' gorregidor " they be call . Bank people jabber to the chief corregidor -- a lean , uniform officer , bank people -“- bandidos yangui -- bandidos yangui -- curt to : ext . bolivian countryside - butch and sundance and etta riding on , except all the horse be rotten and already start to show strain . the three keep riding full out CUT to : int . constabulary - tee chief corregidor racing into a room where three assistant sit play card . chief corregidor -- bandidos yanqui -- and as the man quickly stand -- cur to : ext . bolivian countryside - the four corregidor _ riding out of town . they horse be fresh and powerful - look and there be no question that they look competent as hell and -- . cur to : the four corregidor in open sountry now , riding quickly and well and -- cut to : the terrain there be rock and grove of tree now as the four corregidor continue they efficient way and <-- CUT to ; . 176 592 593 55 k 134 the four corregidor : riding like hell in one direction , @ noenonsense quartet , ' and as a terrible barrage tear into they , a hat fly off , they horse rear in sudden panic , and the Three assistant take off without a moment 's hesitation , back ' in the opposite direction , back the way they come . the Chief corregidor hesitates for only a moment , but when another barrage of bullet sound , he take off in the same direction as he man : away . cuT to : butch and sundance and etta stare after the disappear corregidor . butch ( gesture after they ) be not that a beautiful sight ? ( a note of triumph , wetre back - in business , boy and girl -- it 's just like the old day ! and with this word we begin -- musical interlude number three . this accompany a series of South american tobbery . there be dialogue in and out , and it be entirely possible that the song , for example , would be entitle " bandidos yanqui " and would be loud and rhythmic , like one would expect a Spanish - title song to be , but not necessarily -- again , here as before , the connection be not literal between scene and song : the song might be a simple quaker - type tune extoll the virtue ef labor . or any number of other notion . in any case , the robber - ies go like this : . : cUr to : int . bank # 2 - two bolivian bank clerk they hand be raise , they back against a wall , and they be watch as , in the b.g. , butch ang sundance busily reb the bank . pirst bank clerk ( whisper to the second clerk ) bandidos yanqui . : the second clerk look blank . ' the first clerk repeat , @ little louder . first bank clerk bandide yanqui . cont . 176 135 59 u cont . 595 596 5937 598 599 . the second clerk just shrug -- he 's never hear of they . cur to : int . bank # 3 - a elegantly dressed bank executive move toward a enormous bank vault . as he go , he gesture about proudly , show off he bank . wf . : '' cur to : butch and sundance dress extremely well . sundance carry a satchel and both he and butch be clearly very impressed with the quality of the bank they be deposit they money into . as they approach the vauit door , butch gesture and sundance hand the bank executive they satchel . the Bank executive smile and -- CUT to : the vault door swinging open . CUT to : butch and sundance and the bank executive bank executive ( still smile ) so you see how foolish you fear be ? sundance ( as they enter . the vault ) no ome could get in here , that 's for sure . and suddenly there be a gun in he hand and -- cut to : {he bank executive bank executive who be you ? 600 601 602 603 176 136 butce - happily scoop up money , stuff it into they satchel -- butch we be from the Red Cross . cur to : int . bank # - two bolivian bank clerk ( note : not the same two as before ) . they hand be raise , they back against a wall , and they be watch as , in the b.g. , butch and sundance busily rob the bank . first bank clerk whisper to the second clerk as he nod toward butch and sundance . first bank clerk bandidos yanqui . second bank clerk ( interested -- he 's hear of they ) $ i? first bank clerk si. cur to : ext , bolivian countryside - a band of corregidor riding like crazy in one direction before get blast . they immediately wheel around and take off like hell back the way they come and --- cor to : int . bank # 5 - butch robbing @ bank alone -- it be a very small place and there be but a single teller . butch ( stuff a little money into a dag ) c'mon , there 's gotta be more around here < = . teller no , senor -- butch where 's the rest ? teller senor , I swear -- cur to : 60 605 606 607 608 609 176 137 sundance move like a streak across the bank , launching into 4 dive , and butch turn , but too late , as sundance knock he sprawling , grab he gun and the bag of money . CUT to : butch blind mad , start slowly to rise as we -~ cut to : sundance cover butch while hse bark order to a group of customer line against a far wall -- sundance w- get the corregidor -- the corregidor -- as one of the customer run off -- CUT to : the teller : as sundance hand he back what butch steal . sundance Rest of the money safe ? the teller nod , pat a innocent - look drawer -- out to : butch murry to the drawer as sundance whirl , cover the stunne teller and the customer . butch we do nice work . cut to : the customer . line up , they hand raise , watch as , in the b.g - , buteh and sundance rob the bank . first customer owhisper to the '' man beside he ) bandidos yanqui . cont. 138 609 cont. _ second customer raise he hand a little bit higher in the air , turn and whisper to the man beside he . second customer bandide yanqui . third customer immediately turn , and whisper to the man beside he -- third customer bandidos yanqi -— - and as the whisper move down along the row , with the steady repeat whisper of " bandidos yanqui , " the third musical interlude end . cur to : 610 butch and sundance and etta - night dining in as nice a restaurant as Bolivia have to offer . it be early evening , a lovely night , and the restaurant offer a fine view of the street . butch and sundance be look just a little older now ; not much , . just 4 little . butce ( raise a glass ) I would like to propose a toast to bolivian law enforcement . they drink . a waiter appear , with 4 large tray of food , put it down nearby . CUT to : 611 butch and etta watch as the waiter set about serve they , the food look really good . butch ( to etta ) I do not kmow that we would ever eat out in place like this without you -- you be ugly and you be mean , but you be good ' cover ... - : eita you will turn my head with talk like that -- and as she glance to sundance -- con to : 176 612 613 oly 615 616 176 139 ° sundance only he be not there now , just a 2 empty chair , and then quick -- cur to : butch and etta look around confuse and -- cut to : sundance and he be do something very strange : he body press flat , he be stand against the close wall of the restaurant , hide , and he cannot take he eye from the street , CUT to : the STREET - night tt be dark , but not too dark to make out Three Men move by the restaurant . the man in the middle wear a white straw skimmer . zoom to butch , frantically saddle up he horse . cur to : sundance and bita watch he . this be a dimly light stable , and sundance guard the door . etta move between they . sundance -- I say let 's go find he -- let 's get it do == butch we might lose -- we just see two man with he -- he might have twenty , we do not know -- eita you do not even know for sure it be lefor -- butch I be a helluva guesser . cont . 140 616 cont . 176 617 , 618 etta he can not arrest you here -- there be law against that . and he can not take you back either . sundance - he 's not about to take anybody back -- he 's go to finish we right here . he 's just gonna wait until we pull another job and then hunt we down like before , and if he miss we , he will wait for the next job and get we then . so let 's finish it now , butch , one way or the other , cuT to : butch and he be smile . butch he 's wait for we right ? well , let he -- we will drive he crazy -- we will outlast the bastard -- we will go straight ! and on the word " straight " -- cur to : closeup - percy garris - day garris so ya want job -- the camera pull back to reveal garris stand on the step in front of he office at the concordia tin mine , high in the bolivian mountain . he be a flinty banty roester of a man , with a incongruously mellifluous voice . garris -- you be from the U.S. of A. and you be seek after employment . well , you could not have pick a more out of the way place in all Bolivia , i!11 tell you that . cur to : 141 619 butch and sundance stand at the foot of the step below he . butch we be awful interested in learn about mining without any of that big city distraction . CUT to : 620 garris garris ordinarily you get to wait to work for percy garris , but this be not ordinarily , bingo . it might be mention here that garris be a world class tobacco spitter , and he speech be punctuate with the word " dammy " or " bingo , " depend on he accuracy . : cur to : 421 butch and sundance butch then there be job ? cur to : 622 garris advance on they . garris yes there be job , there be lotsa job , do not you wanna know why ? sundance okay . why ? garris dammy -- cause I can not promise to pay you , do not you wanna ' mow why ? butch okay . why ? curt to : 176 623 62h 625 176 142 garris garris on account of the payroll thief , fellow citizen , that 's why , bingo . every mine around get its payroll from La paz and every mine around get its payroll hold up -- cur to : butch and sundance as garris move toward they again . garris some say it 's bolivian bandit , some say the bandidos yanqui , can you hit anything ? - and he point to they gun . - sundance sometimes . garris hit that -- and he pitch a plug of tebacco a good distance away . ' CUT to : sundance step back , get ready to draw , then -- garris ' voice ( oes ) no , no -- ( and he move into view ) -- I just want to know if you can shoot . he grab one of sundance 's pistol from its holster , shove it to sundance . garris shoot . . sundance grab the gun , fire , and -- cur to : _ 626 627 626 629 630 631 176 143 the tobacco plug undisturbed as the shot miss , cut to : butch stunne , look at sundance . cur to : sundance and garris sundance can I move ? garris ( confuse ) move ? what the hall you mean , move ? but before the word be half finish -- cuT to : sundance drop , draw , fire , all in one motion and as he gun erupt -- cut to : the tobacco plug obliterate . curt to : sundance rise . sundance ( explain ; simply ) itm better when I move . cur to : 632 ~ , 633 63h 176 144 butch and sundance and garris garris ( he be not unimpress ) consider that I be desperate , and you be just what I be look for , on top of which you stem from the U.S. of A. , we will start in the morning . butch you mean you be hire we ? sundance ( as axcite as butch ) we get job ? garris ( nodd ) payroll guard . and as the occupation be name -- cur to : ext . mountain trail - three men on muleback riding down the mountain . garris ride ahead , sing " sweet betsy from Pike '' in a loud and lovely voice . butch and sundance lag behind . CUT to : butch and sundance they have never do this kind of thing before and be both in a sweat , anticipate attack . butch ( low and tense ) I think they be in that rock up ahead -- sundance point to the other side of the trail . sundance no -- the shrub -- ( a whisper ) butch , I see they move -- cur to : 635 636 637 638 639 476 1s garris glance balefully around at the two of they . cur to : butch and sundance riding nervously on . : butch '' I be tell you they be in the rock < -- vo sundance you take the rack , I will take the shrub -- cur tc : the rock -shrus area as buteh and sundance ride slowly through -- garris have ride through it already and have stop up ahead of they , still glaring back . cur to : garris garris will you two beginner cut it out ! : cur tc : butch and sundance riding up to he . butch we be just try to watch out for ambush , Mr. garris . sundance we have never do this kind of work before ~- we want to get it right -- garris ( explode ) moron ! -- " . I get moron on my team ! -- nobody 's gonna rob we go down the mountain -- we get no money go down the mountain -- when we get the money , on the way back , then you can sweat ! cut to : 60 62 176 four payroll bag be push across a counter . camera full back to reveal garris in a bank by the counter , signing for the payroll money as butch and sundance stand aside , watch garris ( take the bag ) Jones -- gimme a hand with this «- sundance ( whisper ) which be you , Smith or Jones ? butch ( shrugging ) live . and as he start toward garris -- cut to : the three of they riding out of La paz , start back up toward the mountain . CUT to : butch and sundance and garris in the mountain now , garris ride with the payroll bag . buteh and sundance be more nervous than ever , whirling and turn as they ride . garris ' Bout a half hour more we can start to worry . he point to a enormous rock a considerable distance up ahead of they , garris once we pass that rock . . sundance they might try something here . garris ( shaking he head ) better cover up there . cont. 147 642 cont . 643 6h . 645 64.6 647 176 they be riding through a area with smaller rock and poulder around they , and butch and sundance finger they gun constantly on the alert , garris ride calmly ahead . then -- garris get to relax , you fella ; get to get use to bolivian way ; get to go easy , damny , like I do -= cur to : butch and sundance continue they constant strain around . cur to : garris garris ( chatter on ) -- course you probably think I be erazy but I be not -- bingo -- I be colorful ; that 's what happen to you when you live ten year alone in Bolivia -- you get colorful -- and as a sudden unexpected blast of gunfire start -- . CUT to : butch and sundance and garris roll off they mule , CUT to : the area around they as more shot ring out . no one be visible . we to : butch and sundance wedge together behind one rock as the fire at they continue . butch it 's not we so it must be the bolivian . cur to : 176 61,8 649 148 the area around they still more shot pour down , narrowly miss they , but still no one be see . CUT to : butch and sundance wedge behind the rock . butch 's face be visible . sundance 's , behind he , be not . sundance butch ... butch be try desperately to locate where the fire be come from . butch what ? sundance butch ! butch I be right beside you -- ( suddenly sundance hit he on the back ) hey -= ( as sundance hit he again ) cut it out ! sundance turn and we see he face now . he be terribly move , sundance what be we do here ? { butch say nothing ) you get to tell I -- I get to know -- what be we do ? -- I be not sure anymore -- be we outlaw ? -- you be smart butch so you tell I -- butch ( and now he be move too ) we be outlaw . outlaw , I do not kmow why . Cause we be good at it . I be one since I be fifteen and my wife leave I on account of it and she take we kid on account of it and I be not sure anymore either . cut to : 176 650 651 652 653 65u 656 14g slos sup - sundance sundance you have a family ? I do not know that . : cut to : closeup - butch he say nothing . out td : sundance sundance let 's find garris and get the hell out of here . he gesture toward a neighbor rock and as the fire continue -- cur to : bvtoh and sundance diving from they rock to garris ' , roll over and up and — cut to : sarrit dead . the payroll bag be beside he . : cut to : butch and sundance they hover over garris for just a moment until fire increase in intensity . then sundance grab for a payroll bag , bring out a knife and as he begin to slit the bag -- CUT to : tre rock behind which they be hiding the fire continue . suddenly a payroll bag come fly out from behind the rock and soar high into the air . cuT to : 176 857 658 659 660 661 662 663 66y 150 the payroll bag it are down and as it hit , coin come spilling out through a cut in the side . cur to : the second of ' the four bag fly through the air , landing and -- cut to : the third and FOURTH bag and while they be still in the air -- ' CUT to : butch and sundance break from cover and run away like crazy down the mountain . a few scattered shot land near they as they continue to run a wayeec .s dissolve t2 : a large pile of coin and , beside it , several smaller pile . the camera pull back to reveal half a dozen armed bolivian bandit . they sit silently on they haunch watch as one of they , the leader , carefully divide up the money . the only sound be that of the coin fall . CUT to : butch and sundance move onto a flat piece of ground , a bit above the bandit . . they stand still , they gun in they holster . cuUT to : the leader he glance up , see they , he make no . move to draw , but point instead . cur to : butch and sundance motionless and still as the other bandit look up at they . cuT to : isi 665 ' the bandit wait , still on they haunch . there be no sound . cUr to : 666 butch and sundance : sundance tell he we be hire to take it back -- it 's we job -- tell he the money be not ours . butch El dinero ... mo es nuestro sa . sundance tell he we need it . butch El dinero ... lo nececitamo ... CUT to : 667 tee leader he can not believe what he be hearing . : CUT to : £ 68 butch and sundance and the bandit no one make a move . sundance leave the money and go . . butch dejon 61 dinero y vayanse . leader dejon el dinero y vayanse ? butch si. CUT to : 669 the bandit leader slowly , he stand . cur to : 176 rarr ao 152 670 butch and sundance butch what do you think ? sundance not so good . fry tell he again , itt not we money . butch El dinero ... no es nuestro . sundance no es nuestro . cur to : 672 the bandit a second man stand now . then a third . still no sound . CUT to : $ 72 butch and sundance sundance can you take the two on the right ? butch listen , there 's something I think you ought to know -- I have never shot anybody . sundance this be one helluva time to tell I <= out 79 : £ 73 the bandit they be all stand now . silent. cut to : 67h butch and sundance sundance -- try the two on the right -- I will work my way over if I can -- go for the guy , dead center -- that way if you miss a little youtll still hit something -- cur to : 153 675 closeup - sundance sundance -- you get a wife and kid and you never shot a soul -- ( bewilder ; almost sad ) I just do not understand anything anymore . cuT to : 676 the bandit the leader be say something to he man but the word be not clear . CUT to : 677 butch and sundance sundance please go . please . por favor . * CUT to : 176 176 678 679 680 681 154 the bandit the leader ' por favor ? ( it strike he for .favor ? and he go for he gun and <-- : cur 70 : butch and sundance draw and fire , sundance first , butch after he and cur to : the bloodbsate camera stays on the bandit and in the next sixty second the action freeze sixty time , and the first SOUND that we hear be the deafen blast of gunfire as butch and sundance !s bullet thud home and from leave to right , the bandit start to die . and the leave to right move be the first move the camera make , panning across the die man , some of they with they gun still in they holster , and then as the gunfire end , another sound begin , just as loud and just as terrifying and this sound be a screan . it do not come from any one bandit , it be not even con - nected in any actual way with any one man , but it be the loudest scream anyone ever hear and it peak almost im - mediately and then it really start to build as the blood start pour from the bandit , from they chest , mouth , eye . and once the leave to right move be over , tee camera begins its second move , and the direction of the second move be down , as gradually , the bandit , no longer able . to stand , start slip gracelessly to earth . md every second the action freeze they in they final trip , and the scream keep they company , and even though the trip be short , it still take time for all six to slip and stagger and crumble awkwardly to they kmee and beyond , toppling sideways and backwards end forward , but always down , collide finally with the hard earth which be red now with they blood as it leave they die body and as the scream end , the blood continue to drain cease - lessly into the ground ... : cuT to : butch and sundance stare at the holocaust . butch be shattered ; sundance be numb . cont . 176 155 681 cont. sundance ( very quiet ) well , we have go straight ; what will we try now ? cur to : 682 ext . concordia mine - wight 683 684 685 garris ! mule move into view . garris be strapped to it . as the mule come close to camera , the payroll bag be visible , strapped tight to garris ! body . as the mule move on < = cur to : etta - by the FIRE - night she be pour coffee . camera pull back to reveal a campsite , it 1s night and it 4s cold . sundance sit near the fire , finish a plate of food . he nod when etta put he coffee down beside he . CUT tc : eita move to butch with another cup of coffee . he sit off by himself . CUT to : butch as etta come up . he and sundance both look a iittle older now . not much , just a little . ' etta ( as she give hin he coffee ) dene ? ( butch nod ) I will take you plate then . she pick it up -- the food be untouched . eita puli ? ( butch nod again ) good . she start away . as she do -- cur to : 686 687 688 689 690 176 eita butch 156 etta there 's other way of go straight , you kmow . curt to : he make no reply . etta cur to : pour coffee for herself , sit beside sundance . butce etta etta there 's other way of go straight , you know . ( she sip she coffee ) there 's farming -- we have get the money ; we could buy a little place . sundance I do not know how to farm . eita what about a ranch , then ? buich voice ( o.s. ) closest we ever come to ranch work be back in we rustling day -- cur to : : butch we be not much at it even then , and it 's hard . the hour be brutal . no , you get to be a kid to start a ranch . cur to : eita it be a silly idea ; sorry . cur to : 176 691 692 693 694 157 sundance watch the fire . , cuut to : butch watch the night . cur to : etta sipping she coffee . after a moment , she close she eye .. e dissolve to : tee campsite the fire be out now ; it be very late and very cold -- when they speak , the three of they , you can see they breath white in the darimess . sundance and etta lie under one blanket , they back to each other . butch , wrap in a blanket , be off by himself . this scene be write for the camera to be in constant motion , move above the three people lie below ; sometimes it come down close to they , sometimes it rise away . but it never stop move . etta ( wide awake ) hey ? sundance ( wide awake too ) eita maybe I might go back ahead of you . sundance you mean home ? etta it be think of it . sundance ( he do not want she to go ) whatever you want , etta . cont . 176 694 cont . 158 eita then maybe I will go . sundance ( to butch ) hey ? butch ( he be also ' | wide awake ) enum ? sundance etta 's think of maybe go home ahead of we . butch . ( he do not want she to go either ) whatever she want . etta I will go then . butch hey ? etta emm ? butch remember what you say once about leave we ? bitaa ( she remember ) no ; what do I say ? butch that you would not stick around to watch we die . eyta kow butch you kmow I never say anything like that . butch then that 's not why you be go ? etta ( of course it be ) of course it be not . cont . 159 69h cont . 1 695 696 697 698 176 butch I do not think it be ... and now , as the camera move to the night , it hold for + @ moment on the silent darimess . then , as a very distinct hiss sound become increasingly audible -- cur to : thes faint flickering image of a evil - looking man . camera pull back to reveal a makeshift movie theatre -- it be really nothing more than a large-size tent -- on the edge of a decent-size bolivian town , the theatre be cramme with . bolivian peasant , all of they hiss the evil-look man on the screen , seat among the bolivian be butch and sundance and etta . the hiss stop suddenly , turn to a gasp and cur to : the screen a innocent , beautiful , helpless young girl be totally ppaware that the evil- look man be creep up behind '' we to : butch and sundance and etta : butch and sundance sre drink more than a little . etta be dress for travel . she look weary . etta ( open she purse , consulting a timepiece ) I ought to get over to the station -- . sundance we will walk you . etta it 's just down the street . the hiss grow louder and -- cuut to : — the screen the evil - look man be carry the girl across a moor . CUT to : 476 699 700 701 702 160 butch and sundance and etta butch listen , if there 's one thing ' about we , we get manners -- erta ( firmly ) it 's just down 's the street . ( softer ) really . there be cheer from the audience now so -- CUT to : the screen a blond handsome man appear , begin chase the evil - lecoke man and girl , a title come on read : '' the cliff " and then the evil- look man be visible , hold the girl over . a precipica . then another title come on read : " in the Nick of time . " sundance's voice ( o.s. , while the title be on ) this guy can not read English . butch voice this eo ar read Spanish . cur to : the audience cheer wildly now . cur to : butch and sundance and etta watch the screen as the hero and villain struggle on the precipice . the hero fall , clutches the edge with he fingertip . the villain stomp on they but the hero fight he wey back , and now - it 4s the villain 's turn to fall and clutch the edge . ' the hero do he best to save he , but too late . the villain fall to eternity . the cheer be tumltucus . during all this -- etta they just ship they straight down from America -- they be suppose to be very popular up there now . cont . 176 161 702 cont . 703 704 705 706 butch eey , you will write to we , will not you ? on the screen , the hero hold the girl . then the title : '' the end " , ' then a plain white light beam onto the screen as the next picture be get ready . cur to : eyta nodd , slowly start to stand . etta there 's something I would like to . say to you both -- cur to : butch and sundance look at she . cot to : . butch , sundance and etta with etta om she foot now , etta . ( catch they look ) . oh , you think I be go to be sentimental and embarrass you , admit it . ( shaking she head ) all this year and we do not kmow each other at all . she starta to go , stop suddenly , as the next one reeler begin and the title " the Wild ch " flicker on the screen . cur to : butch and sundance rivete . CUT to : 162 707 a title reading : " the wild bunch be all dead now but once they rule the west " ~ tis be follow by a. picture of a gang of man in shadow watch the approach of a oncoming train . CUT to : 708 the audience start to hiss . cur to : 176 176 709 710 711 712 713 714 715 163 the screen and a title read : " ruthless evil man , they stop at nothing " follow by a close up of the gang . ( note : in this " movie " , all the actor should be dress as the real people be dress , and they should look like the real people as much as possible . ) CUT to : the audience hiss louder now . CUT to : butch and sundance butch ( to sundance ) do it say we be dead ? we be not dead . . CUT to : the screen and a title read , " they leader be butch cassidy and the sundance kid . " this be follow by a shot of " butch and sundanee " grapple . with a small child . cut to : the audience as suddenly the hiss double in volume and -- CUT to : the screen as " butch and sundance " be tie the child to the rail - road track in order . to stop the oncoming train and -- cur to : buich and sundance sundance -- we do not do that -- never -- cont . 176 # 15 716 717 718 719 164 cont . butch -- damn right we do not -- etta , you tell them -- and as he glance around for she -= , CUT to : closeup '-.-etta -. wight she be just leave the theatre now and this be the first of a series of shot of she -- all of they walk shot as she move away and into the night -- all of they closer and get closer . : cur to : int , tent theatre - butch and sundance - night butch whirl back to the screen as suddenly the audience be cheer like crazy and -- cur to : the screen as the superposse appear . the cheer SOUND grow louder as the " superposse " take out gun and begin firing . CUT to : the screen and butch and sundance watching it butch ( as " harvey Logan " . be gun down hey that 's harvey -- ( grab sundance . now ~ they do not get harvey then -- you think they get he later ? : sundance -~ I do not kmow , I do not know -- ( as News carver be shot ) -- they just get ' News ' -- he turn quickly , glance back to where etta exite , cur to : 176 720 722 723 ta4 725 165 closeup - etta walk . the SOUND of the crowd inside the theatre be terribly loud in the night . she continue to move away . . . cur to : int , tent theatre - butch and sundance watching the screen : butch ( as " flat nose * : curry die ) -- there go ' plat nose ' . -- ny God , they be get everybody .-- the audience be scream now and butoh turn on they -- . butch shut up , you people -- CUT to : closeup ~- sundance sundance ( rivete on the screen ) butch -- cut to : butch and sundance sundance ( grab butch . now ) look -- they be come efter we ! cur to : the screen as the " superposse " take off after " butch and sundance '' . cur to : butch turn again to the scream audience -- butch this be not how it be -- it be not like that --+ shut up -- . CUT to : 166 726 ' the screen the '' superposse " '' be close the gap on " butch and sundance '' . cur to : 727 butch and sundance stare at the screen and -- cur to : 728 ' the screen '' ag '' the superposse " draw nearer , nearer and CUT to : t29 butch and sundance on they foot now , catch up in the action on screen , talk softly , almost in spite of themselves -- butch ~- they will never get you sundance -- move -- you can do it -- move butch -- come on you guy -- sundance -- all the way -- butch and sundance ( together ) -- come -on-you-guy -- but on the screen , the superposse continue to close in . , cur to : 730 a series of shot and this next sequence consist of quick cut to : a , butch and sundance watch the screen B. the action on the screen c. the audience cheer wildly , the SOUND always building . 176 cont . 176 167 730 cont . D. etta walk away , she face always grow as the camera come closer and closer to she . on the screen , the superposse force butch and sundance into a corner where they can not ride any more and butch and sundance get off they horse and try to climb to safety up the rock that have cornere they , but the superposse be too quick for they , too smart , and before butch and sundance be halfway up the rock , the superposse be already fire and the audience be scream itself crazy as butch get winge and the explosive nature of the SOUND carry through the night to etta , who continue she walk away from it all , and on screen now , butch be hit again , sundance too , and they slip and slide down the rock as the superposse continue to fire on they . butch be dead as he slide to earth . as sundance die , etta 's stun face fill the screen , hold on etta ... hold ... fade out revised - " butch cassidy and the sundance kid " - 11/5/68 168 731 732 733 734 735 176 fade in on -ext . jungle trail - shot from above @ mule train move slowly along . it be a payroll train and the four man that accompany it be armed . the trail be narrow , the go , slow . the sun be blister . curt to : a section of jungle foliage 1s terribly thick and nothing be visible beyond it . then , something move and «= CUT to : butch and sundance crouch in the jungle beside the trail . they both look older now . not a little . a lot . butch be nervous , continually swatting away fly . butch ( whisper - the payroll train be close ) no more of this jungle work for I . sundance ( whisper back ) you be get to be a old may . cut to : the four payroll guard they stand tight together , arm raise . sundance cover they while in the background , butch gather up the payroll money . the Guards look at each other , silently mouth the word " bandidos yanqui " and stand very still . CUT to : butch as he work away . butch you can keep you old may remark to yourself , if you do not mind , -- hey , c'mere . CUT to : 736 737 176 169 sundance . move to butch , always watch the Guards . sundance what ? butch whoever own this alpoco mine must be a millionaire -- ( be point to the payroll -- it be big ) we will never be able to carry it all . . he reach for the nearest mule -- it be a large , silver - gray animal , they start to work , transfer payroll bag to mule . butch if it be not one thing , it 's another . ~ cur to : the mule load with the. payroll . butch start to lead it off . butch {as he go ) tell they not to move . sundance what 's the word ? butch quietos , and he disappear into the jungle . : sundance , . ( to the guard ) quietos . cur to : the four guard they be alone with they mule now . sweat pour down they face . they do not move ... dissolve to : revised - '' butch cassidy and the sundance kid " - 11/5/68 170 739 7ho tal rarr J ov a STREET in a SMALL town - butch and sundance _walk along . they lead two mule , the large silver - grey one and one other . the silvery - grey mule carry the pay - roll money which have be adeauately conceal beneath a blanket . sundance there 's better cover in the jungle . butch look -- I gotta right to my opinion and my opinion be there 's snake in the jungle , so I will work in the mountain and I will work in the city , but from now on , jungle work be out . butch this must be San vicent , you think ? sundance . ( nod ) be not there suppose to be a good place to eat here ? cur to : a SMALL white -haired man he own the restaurant . pull back to reveal butch and sundance , talk to he . butch ( miming eat ) comer ? si? white -haired man '' ' yeme . sasture tower a patio ) St. butch and sundance start off in the direction the man indicate , lead they mule . the man smile as they go . then he smile abruptly die and -- cuT to : the silver -grey mule it be brand . cur to : revised -. '' butch cassidy and the sundance kid " - 11/5/68 171 the int , tiny restaurant - butch and sundance sseat alone , start to eat . , , CUT to : ~ th3 ext , restaurant - the silver -grey mule pull back to reveal the restaurant owner and two policemen peer from behind cover at the mule . restaurant owner ( whisper as he point to the mule ) El mulo es de alpoca mine . first policeman clerto ? restaurant owner oraise he right hand ) 81 . the first policeman whisper something to the second , who move off quickly . tha int , restaurant - butch and sundance butch take a bite of food , throw he fork down , stand . sundance manage to continue to swallow the stuff . butch the specialty of the House and it 's still move . sundance bitch , bitch , bitch . CUT to : ths the doorway of the tiny restaurant butch move into it and stand there in the sunlight until a shot almost take he head off and -- cur to : the butch diving down back inside the room . sundance be crouch , gun ready . butce that settles it -- this place get 176 no more of my business . cut to : 176 revised - " butch cassidy and the sundance kid " _- 11/5/68 172 tat 748 749 750 751 752 sundance move around the room , from window to window , _ : CUT to : the view outside the window there be a. wall that surround the restaurant with just : the open patio in between . Beyond the wall , no one be visible . cur to : a view from above space around the wall be close to twenty policemen , all of they armed . cur to : int . restaurant - butch move close alongside sundance as he complete he move around the tiny room . . butch what do you think ? sundance . can not tell . butch I bet it 's just one guy . sundance take off he hat , raise it to a window . as he do this -- cuut to : ext , restaurant - half a dozen policemen rise up behind the wall , blast away . cur to : butch and sundance sundance ( pull he hat back ) do not you get sick of be right all the time ? CUT . to : revised - " butch cassidy and the sundance kid '' ~ 11/5/68 173 753 754 755 756 757 758 176 the window ' as see from beyond the wall . again the hat appear and again , half a dozen policeman rise and fire and -- cur to : a neighboring window and sundance frame there , fire back and -- CUT to : a tall policeman spin and fall , lie quiet on the ground . CUT to : the mule in the far corner of the patio . the sound of gunfire increase steadily . the mule stand motionless . cur to : the tall policeman lie on the ground . then -- pull back to reveal several other policeman , lie sprawle out too . CUT to : int . restaurant - butch and sundance it have be all shot up . the table be turn over for protection . sutch its crouch behind one window , sundance behind another , cont. nee 276 174 758 cont. sundance ( load he pistol this be all I get leave . butch I toa <= ( he start to crawl along the floor to a different window ) -- now.we can either stay here until we run out and get kill , or we can go get some more . he point . cut to : 759 ' the mule 760 761 all the way across the patio from the tiny restaurant . CUT to : butch and sundance crouch by a window , stare at the animal . the Silver - grey mule be behind the smaller pack mule . butch : sundance which one 's get the bullet ? butch the little one , sundance ( start to crawl toward the door ) T will go . cur to : ~ butch this 1s no time for bravery : I will let you . CUT to : 762 763 764 765 176 - 175 the patio - from where they be , the mule be a long , long way . CUT to : inside the room sundance be by the docr now , butch , across the floor , watch he . butch hey ? : sundance glance at he . butch . I gotta be the one to go . . sundance why you ? butch I could never give you cover , you can cover I , sundance say nothing . butch I be right . you see that , do not you ? CUT to : closeup ~ sundance sundance - you go . ~ CUT to : closeup - butch - butch why be I so damn smart all the time ? and as he shake he head -- CUT to : 176 766 787 768 769 770 773 . 176 the patio - and , far across , the mule , cur to : the head policeman rifle in hand , stare in at the room where butch and sundance be , CUT to : inside the room butch and sundance stand by the door . silently , butcn hand sundance he pistol . cut to : ext , restaurant and patio - the head policeman stare in across the patio toward where butch and sundance be . then , as he watch , the door to the room silently open . the head policeman raise he rifle , aim it dead at the door , cur to : the door completely open now . cuT to : the head policeman wait . then -- cut to : sundance vaulting through a shattered window , move out inte the sunlight of the patio , two gun in he hand , two more in he holster , and as he come he fire , and start to turn and as the first turn happen < < , CUT to : butch barrelass out the door . cur to : 176 7t4 tts 776 778 779 780 781 177 sundance '' now , fire with both gun , turn around and around , fire as he spin and maybe he wasn !t the great gunman that ever live but 's then again , maybe he be and -- cur to : butch run like hell then diving to the ground , roll up and run again and -- cur to : the head policeman with sundance in the b.g. he be about to fire when suddenly sundance change ' the directitonof he turn and the head policeman has.to drop for safety behind the wall . , CUT to : butch streaking , diving again , then up , and the bullet landing around he be not even close as -- CUT to : sundance whirling and spin , continue to fire and -- cut to : several policemen drop for safety behind the wall and -— . CUT to : butch : really move now , dodging , diving , up again and -- CUT to : sundance , fling away one gun , grab another from he holster , continue to turn and fire and -- cur to : 176 782 783 784 785 786 787 788 789 ' 178 two policemen . fall wounded to the ground and -- cut to : butch let out a notch , then launching into another dive forward and <-- cur to : sundance whirling , but you never kmow which way he 's go to spin and - = cut to : the head policeman cursing , force to drop for safety behind the wall snc -- cur to : butch racing to the mule , and then he be there , grab < i the near mule for ammunition and -- CUT to : sundance throw the. second gun away , reach into he holster for another , continue to spin and fire and -- CUT to : butch he have the ammunition now and -- cur to : another policeman scream as he falis and -- CUT to : 176 790 791 792 793 794 795 796 197 179 butch he arm load , tear away frem the mule and they be still not even come close to he as they fire and the mule be behind he now as he run and cut and cut again , go full out . and -- CUT to : the head policeman eursing ' incoherently at what be happen and -- cur to : sundance whirling faster than ever and == CUT to : butch dodging and cut and as a pattern of bullet rip into he body he somersault and lie there , pour blood and -=- CUT to : sundance run toward he and -- CUT to : all the policemen rise up ' behind the wall now , fire , and -- , curt to : sundance as he fall . curt to : butch crawl , cur to : 176 798 799 300 802 I co a sundance half up now , go the best he can , and -- CUT to : the policemen pump bullet and -- ' CUT to : sundance he leave arm hang , go for butch , start to pull he toward the safety of the room and it 's not faraway but bullet be landing all over now , and first one of they be hit again , then the other , and -- curt to : inside the room as butch and sundance come fall through the door and lie there , the fire continue . sundance manage to get the door shut and then there be no sound except for they agonize breathe . they be doth wounded terribly , but that fact never for a moment enter into they conversation , either here or later . butch push himself up into a sit position ... butch «eel think you be gonna cover mosee sundance ( sit now too ) eeel think you be gonna run ... if I would imown you be just gonna stroll along -- butch strell ! they be both do what they can with they wound now -- mutter to themselves as we : cur to : ext , restaurant and patio - the head policeman stand nervously at attention , salute . pull back to reveal over a hundred member of the bolivian cavalry . a young captain ride at they head ; beside he be the policeman who have be dispatch earlier . cont. 181 802 cont. head policeman mi capitan . the Captain be a youmg energetic man , handsome anc volatile -- he dismount rapidly while behind he , he troops remain on horseback . as he look around -- captain El enimigo ? the head policeman point to the small room where 3utch and sundance be . the Captain glance at it briefly , then back to the head policeman . captain cuantos hombre ? head policeman ( hold : up two finger dos. captain ( furious ) do hombre ? : head policeman ( try to get a word in ) capitan , por favor -- captain Des hombre ? head policeman -~ bandidos -- bandidos yanqui -- Captain point at the room where butch and sundance be . captaly bandidos yanqui ? head policeman Si , mis capitan . CUT to : 803 closeup - the captain cur to : 176 bon 805 806 - 807 808 809 182 the cavalry dismomt , beginning to move into position around the outside of the patio and -- CUT to : int , restaurant and patio - butch and sundance watch ; quick glimpsis of the run cavalryman be visible . they be still bleed as badly as before . CUT to : the SUN crimson , red and fall . there be a sharp metallic sound and -- cur to : one of the four side of the fatio the troops be sharply slip they bayonet onto they rifle . the Captain move quickly along he man , make sure that everyone and everything be ready , and as he turn a corner -- cur to : another wall line with troops as the Captain approach , this Group snap on its bayonet , and again there be the sharp metallic sound . as the Captain continue he efficient military way -- : cur to : . butch and sundance crouch close together by a window , peer out toward the set sun . butce I get a great idea where we should go next . sundance well I do not wanna hear it . butch you will change you mind once I tell you --- cont . 183 809 cont. sundance shut up . butch okay ; okay . sundance it be you great idea get we here . butce porget about it ... sundance I never want to hear another of you great idea , all right ? butch all right . sundance good. butch . Australia . cur to : 810 sundance he just look at butch . cur to : 814 ' butch butch I figure secretly you want to kmow so I tell you : Australia . : CUT to : 812 butch and sundance sundance that 's you great idea ? butch the latest in a long line . cont . 176 176 812 cont . 184 sundance ( explode with eee he have t lef Australia 's no better than here ! butch that 's all you kmow . sundance name I one thing . butch they speak English in Australia . sundance . they do ? butce that 's right , smart guy , so we would not be foreigner . and they ride horse . and they get thousand of mile to hide out in -- and a good climate , nice beach , you could learn to swim -- sundance swim 's not important , what about the bank ? . butce 's easy , ripe and inuscious . sundance ' the bank or the woman ? butch . once we get the one we will get the other . sundance it 's a long way , though , be not it ? butch ( shouting it out ) everything always gotta be perfect with youl sundance I just do not wanna get there and find out it stink , that 's all . cur to : 813 814 815 816 817 818 176 185 butch butch will you at least think about ? CUT to : sundance ee consider this a moment , sundance all right , I will think about it . CUT to : extreme closeup - butch and sundance butch now after we -- {and suddenly he stop ) -- wait a minute -- sundance what ? butch you do not see lefor out there ? sundance lefor ? no . - butch good , for a’minute I think we be in trouble . cur to : the . captain he nod and as he do , one group of man begin to load they weapon , the bullet slip into the chamber and -- cur to : the SUN dying . there 1s the continue sound of rifle load and .. cur to : the captain move almost into a run around the perimeter of the wail , make sure everything be ready , and as the man stand taut -~- cur to : 819 820 821 822 823 176 186 closeup - butch and sundance listen aga the sound come to they , the metallic sound of the military , and then the Captain 's voice be hear , start to call out one word , over and over and -- cur to : closeup - the captain over and over as he gesture forward toward the tiny room where butch and sundance be : captain e- ataque -- ataque -- ataque -- CUT to : one group of men vaulting the wall , move forward and quickly . cur to : another group of men and another all of they vaulting the wall and start to rum and -- cur to : closeup - butch and sundance the camera freeze they . and as it do , a '' tremendous fusilage of shot be hear , then another , even louder , and more and more shot , building its tempo and sound . the shot continue to sound . butch and sundance remain freeze . pinal fade out the end