butter Jason micallef Jason micallef receive one of the five Academy nicholl fellowship award in 2008 Academy of motion picture Arts & Sciences Academy nicholl fellowship in screenwrite 23rd annual competition www.oscars.org/nicholl www.facebook.com/nichollfellowships for additional information about the screenplay or the Academy nicholl fellowship in screenwrite , contact : nicholl @oscars.org script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library int . iowa state fair — grand hall — day a woman ascend a grand escalator . LAURA pickler ( v.o. ) what 's we secret ? we can only see she from behind , but the sad sack that descend on the oppose escalator seem to be in awe . she step off , but we stay on the escalator - int . land oxlake dairy facility — des moine , iowa a conveyor belt in a high - tech dairy . a oblivious cow roll by . LAURA ( v.o. , cont ’d ) we secret be simple : we be the best . Bob carve butter better than anyone . better than ned eaton , better than Carol Ann stevenson , and certainly better than that girl . the conveyor belt stop . the cow look at we , quizzically . a machine whirl up and milk begin to flow through clear tube . LAURA ( v.o , cont ’d ) and it use to be that in this country the best always win . assembly line — stick after stick of yellow butter float by on a conveyor belt . we move in on one sad , deform stick of butter . LAURA ( v.o. , cont ’d ) well , time have change . another worker grab the deform stick of butter and throw it in the trash . ext . cornfield — iowa — day a young black girl ride she bike down a long dirt driveway toward a yellow house . she have multi-color barrettes in she hair and a white wicker basket attach to she bike . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library this be destiny , age 12 . she 's adorable . destiny ( v.o ) if you can believe it , the first time I see Mrs. pickler I actually wish she and Mr. pickler would take I in . the foster people have just put I with a bunch of family and anyone have to be better than they . int . moore home — same destiny sit at a long wooden table with sixteen identical blonde kid . they look like a cult . destiny ( v.o. , cont ’d ) first be the Moore 's . they be home - schooler , which always spell trouble - mrs . moore ( to destiny and the 16 kid ) then God cast down the angel and they fall to Earth which be where dinosaur bone come from ! destiny , scared , bulge she eye . ext . moore home — later destiny drive off in a non-descript government car . a state seal on the car door read '' Iowa dept. of human service . '' destiny ( v.o . ) next come Mrs. carmichael . she be on pill ... ext . medical build — day a wreck of a woman , JUNE carmichael , sit in the front seat of she car , smoking . JUNE just tell the doctor you have be anxious lately and you need klonopin . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library destiny okay . klonopin . JUNE ( touch ) you be go to be such a good daughter . destiny exit the car . Mrs. carmichael pop a few pill and smile . destiny ( v.o ) I like she . she be always so calm . ext . mrs.carmichael 's condo — night a police officer push June carmichael into the back of a cruiser , while another Police Officer lead destiny to the same government car with the state seal we see earlier . destiny ( v.o. , cont ’d ) but she get arrest , so after that come the gunderson . they be old and they only take I in so someone would be home just in case something happen . int . the gunderson home — later ton of doile everywhere . mrs. gunderson , 100 + , show destiny one of that telephone with giant button . mrs . gunderson ( shouting ) the red button be for the ambulance ! destiny look at the phone . ext . the gunderson home — later paramedics wheel two body into a ambulance . destiny look on wear she pj 's . destiny ( v.o. ) so you can understand why I be not onto Mrs. pickler 's bull sooner . plus I be only 12 at the time . now that I be 13 I know the truth : white people be weirdo . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library the ambulance pull away leave destiny all alone in the middle of the night , at some weird house , in some weird town . open title — butter : pickler vs. destiny over the credit : giant imaginary butter sculpture rise up out of the cornfield like the statue at Easter Island - johnny appleseed , Paul bunyon , the Liberty Bell , celine dion , Nancy Reagan , etc . int . iowa state dept . of human service — child 's transitionary home — night a cinderblock building . destiny enter . in the background , we see the same government car with the state seal pull away . a woman work the reception desk . without look up , she hand destiny a key . woman you room 's still empty . destiny any word from my mom yet ? the woman look up to destiny . we know the answer and so do destiny . destiny , resign , walk down the nondescript hallway . destiny 's ' room 's at the CENTER — later like a cell . the blanket look itchy and the wall be bare . destiny put she suitcase neatly in the corner . she do not bother unpack ... she ’1l1 just have to pack it up again in a few day anyway . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library int . pioneer hall — iowa state fair — day a grand hall packed with onlooker . thousands of they . by the way people be act , you have think they be at the Super bowl . a sign above read : '' mastery in butter compettition '' the hall be line with several glass - fronted cooler , each housing a sculpture make of pure butter : elvis presley , a milk cow , Harry Potter 's broom , Dale earnhardt , Jr. , etc . LAURA pickler ( v.o . ) as you know , my husband Bob be a visionary in the field of butter artistry . obviously I be aware the idea of butter sculpting can cause people to sneer or snicker but do you know that more people visit the butter sculpture at the Iowa State Fair last year than see celine dion 's farewell tour in Las Vegas or attend the World Series ... combine ? of course you do not . how could you with the liberal media as biased as it be ? a huge crowd have form around one sculpture in particular : a life-size replica of - LAURA ( v.o. , cont ’d ) and yes , Bob take home the blue ribbon again like he have each year for the past 20 year . da vinci 's last supper - from afar , the sculpture look ridiculous . but as we get closer , we see the exquisite detail of the chalice , the robe that flow right before we eye , the quiver of fear in Jesus and the slight cock of juda 's eyebrow . it 's truly a masterpiece . LAURA ( v.o. cont ’d ) the Des Moines Register even call he ' the King of butter . 's a finger press the ' play 's button on a old boom box . the theme from '' Rocky '' blare . a fog machine ramp up . a man script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library run out to greet he public : bob pickler - rock star , natural , and a god among man . cheer ! the crowd freak out . LAURA ( v.o. , cont ’d ) guess that kinda 's make I the queen . and then , as the fog part , a woman emerge . this be LAURA pickler and she age be none of you business . LAURA ( v.o. , cont ’d ) we have it all . flash bulb ! news cameras ! the crowd be mesmerize by a smile Bob and a wave Laura . they be Brad and angelina of butter . int . child 's transitional home — same destiny be in the tv room . on tv — a newscast from the Iowa State Fair . a reporter interview Bob and Laura stand beside Bob 's last Supper sculpture . LAURA ( to reporter ) of course the award be wonderful , but what 's most satisfy to Bob and I be the attention we bring to we charity , Camp butter , where we help child with special need . close on : destiny as Laura mouth the word ' special need . 's she 's mesmerize as the happy couple laugh . Laura kiss Bob on the cheek . Bob kiss she back . they be amazing . destiny hop up . ext . transitional CENTER — later destiny unlock she bike and take off . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library int . 7 - 11 — later destiny slap a box of butter onto the counter along with some money . clerk Mom run out of butter in the middle of make hotcake , huh ? destiny I do not have a mom . the clerk look at she , not know what to say . destiny ( sweetly ) thanks . bye . destiny race out , hop on she bike and take off . int . pioneer hall — iowa state fair — later destiny stare at Bob 's last Supper sculpture . she run she hand along the glass in awe . she reach into she white wicker basket and pull out a knife and she stick of butter ( from 7 - 11 ) . and then she begin carve . slow at first . then faster . then faster . then faster ( we just see she face . ) close on : she carve stick of butter . it 's a exact , perfect replica of the chalice from Bob 's piece . it 's brilliant . later — Bob be surround by ador woman . he 's like a chubby , diabetic Zac efron . Laura leer at they . LAURA ( v.o. ) be the wife of a celebrity , I be use to the way other woman could get around my Bob . less secure woman might get jealous , but I never really feel threaten . I mean , consider the competition I do not really think I have anything to worry about - script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library a chunky woman wear a homemade '' I be a bob-head '' sweatshirt and nursing a slurpee race up to Laura . LAURA Carol Ann stevenson ! why you look just amazing . Laura lean down and hug the poor , sad thing . carol ann stevenson be star-struck in the presence of Laura . carol ann you really think so ? LAURA oh , yes . I think it 's very brave of you to wear stirrup pants with you body type . Carol Ann look down at she pants , insecure . LAURA ( v.o ) which bring I to destiny — later — another crowd have form around Bob . the guy be a people magnet . Bob lean down to destiny and pat she on the head . he study she tiny butter sculpture of the chalice . bob this could be you up here next year . destiny smile . bob quiet one , be not ya 's ? destiny shrug . bob that 's okay . John Wayne be quiet too . Bob lean down . he really be a good guy . cheesy , but a good guy . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library bob I expect to see you here compete next year , destiny . Bob stand up , and pat she on the head . she 's kinda 's over the moon . LAURA ( v.o. ) destiny . I think she parent be a little presumptuous name she that , do not you ? say what you will , but at least that people be creative with they name . Laura leer at destiny , arm fold . LAURA ( v.o. , cont 'd ) ( force ) still , I wish she the best . Bob lean down to hug destiny . it 's one of that true , heartfelt , authentic hug . and maybe , just for a second , we catch of glimpse of Laura look over in , dare it be say , awe . she have not have a hug like that in year . ext . emmet family home — iowa CITY - night a volvo pull into the driveway of a refurbish victorian . a bicycle ( we remember it as destiny 's bike with the basket ) be attach to a bike rack in the back . int . emmet family home — bedroom - later a adorable girl 's bedroom . a woman , jill emmet , flip on the soft light . jill this will be you bedroom . destiny enter the room slowly . she 's never see anything this nice . destiny it 's pink . a man , ethan emmit , put he hand on destiny 's shoulder . ethan and Jill be white . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 10 ethan I tell she to go with green . Jill look at ethan . the whole thing be kind of awkward . destiny no . I think it 's pretty . Jill bend down and smile at destiny . jill this be you home now . you be part of we family and we want you to be comfortable . Jill look to ethan : that be the right thing to say , right ? destiny sit down on the bed and look around . destiny there 's a tv ? ethan oh , you can not watch that past 8 ? do we say 8 ? jill 9 . no tv past 9 . ( beat ) be there anything you need ? you have sheet , towel be in the bath , anything ? destiny look around . destiny no , thank you . ethan what do you like to do for fun ? hobby ? we can buy you some stuff . destiny I be not really that good at anything . ethan look to Jill : I have no idea how to talk to a twelve year old . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 11 ethan oh , do not say that . everybody 's good at something . destiny not I . my last mom say so . jill ( heartbroken ) well you do not have to worry about stuff like that anymore , okay ? destiny okay . Jill lower the light and quietly shut the door . int . pioneer hall — butter gala - night the Pioneer hall have be transformed . a banner in the back read '' land 0 's Lakes mastery in butter gala . '' the whole thing look like a sad prom . orval anderson , the white - haire main judge of the Iowa State mastery in butter Committee , be on a make - shift stage in front of a pull - down projection screen . we catch he mid-joke : orval - and so helen hand I the casserole and I take one bite and say ' honey , I be sorry , but I can believe it 's not butter . 's the crowd go wild . orval but enough about I . bob? Bob pickler ...? stand up for we . Bob , in jeans and a t-shirt , stand . and then there 's Laura : in a glamorous pink evening gown that would make alexis carrington jealous . she stand and wave , apropos of nothing . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 12 orval Bob , when the Governor call I and ask what we could add to the upcoming bicentennial time capsule I know exactly what to do . lower the light , please . the light lower and a crappy , homemade imovie swirl on - screen . insert movie : a butter fan talk to the camera . he hold a meat-on - a-stick in he hand . buttter fan let I put it this way . you have get you Michael Jordan . you have get you Tiger Woods , and you have get you Bob pickler . ( beat ) I mean , Bob 's not black but you get my point . - next , Carol Ann stevenson , interview at home in front of she '' Bob - shrine '' , speak . carol ann stevenson oh , I come every year and that 's mainly because of Bob . everyone know he 's make butter what it be today . he 's hand - down the best . not to mention the sexiest . ( giggle ) oh my god , I do not just say that . ( suddenly nervous ) wait , will Laura see this ? oh , you have to cut that part out . ( beat ) no , seriously . Carol Ann stevenson stare at the camera , afraid for she life . - insert grainy vhs video — 1987 - a younger bob carve a butter sculpture of Ronald Reagan riding a horse . Bob put down he tool . younger bob ( wave to the camera ) whatdya 's think , hon ? we hear Laura 's voice . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 13 , younger LAURA maybe more detail in the hand like we discuss ? it have to be perfect . we be recording this for posterity . a younger LAURA , with bigger hair and shoulder pad spin the video recorder around ( she 's hold it ) and record herself . she seem more lighthearted and less intense . younger LAURA hello posterity . how do you like my new dress ? younger Laura hand the camera to Bob and spin around , show off she dress . she and Bob both laugh . younger bob they better like it . it cost I 15 dollar . younger Laura look to the camera . younger LAURA I be worth it . Laura smile as Bob swoops into frame for a peck on the cheek . - another man , ned eaton , speak to the camera while carve a sculpture of he own . ned eaton my name be ned eaton and I have lose to Bob pickler 16 time . he 's just that good . - the butter fan again , now stand with he butter fan wife . she have crispy hair . butter fan ( excited ) so it be ' 92 or ' 93 - butter fan wife " 93 . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 14 butter fan yeah , ' 93 and ned eaton come out with this amazing sculpture of this t-rex eat a little girl - butter fan wife it be beautiful . butter fan and so everyone be like , this guy be gonna 's finally knock Bob off he game . I mean , it be that good . butter fan wife it be like something you have see in Europe . just really , really elegant . butter fan so everyone 's real tense , right , and Bob just have this calm look on he face like a jedi . and then he reveal he piece . frick schindler 's list . insert : a video of Bob 's schindler 's list sculpture . a man , make of butter , shake he finger at two shame Nazis . Bob finish , toss aside he carve tool like in a frenzy . butter fan wife schindler 's list . it make I cry and I be not even jewish . - ned eaton speak again . ned eaton - and carve butter be not easy . I mean , some of this jokester come in here with a ' I - can-do- that - too attitude 's and I just shake my head . I would say the average male - the average North american male could carve maybe a circle or a tree if they be lucky . a lot of this guy , this guy that carve duck decoy or the lady that enter they pie - that 's kid 's stuff . but butter ? butter 's hard because of the consistency . it 's not for lightweight . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 15 - Laura speak . she 's in she live room , fresh flower behind she and the shot be film with a soft-focus vaseline lens . LAURA people laugh when I say this , but I think Bob and I could really parlay this fame we have from butter into politics . I mean , do not be shocked if you see we in the governor 's mansion one day . this be just the beginning . ( beat ) we help child with special need , you know . - the butter fan speak again . butter fan could someone ever beat Bob pickler ? no . no one 's ever gonna 's beat Bob pickler . nope . not possible . sorry . the imovie end ( with the crappy '' swirl '' feature , ) and the light turn back on in the grand hall . orval Bob pickler , lady and gentleman . 20 great year ! Bob and Laura stand . and as the camera flash we see this be where Laura shine : she 's poise , confident , and absolutely stun . she be the Queen of butter and cherish all the respect and adulation it afford . int . emmit family home — night it 's dark , but nightlight line the hall . destiny , in she pajamas , walk to the kitchen she 's half - asleep but still pretty amaze . the fridge be stainless steel and everything be clean . the dishwasher even match the cabinet . she open the fridge and look around inside . Nice food : apple , fancy olive , no sugary stuff . she look in the door - script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 16 no butter , just soy spread . int . pioneer hall — later the party seem to be wind down but Laura , ever the trooper , be pose for photo with a few kid with downs syndrome . LAURA ( shouting to the handicapped ) I have always say you people be the small flashlight that help a dark world find its lose car key . with Laura distract , orval motion for Bob to come join he . backstage - orval seem nervous . orval listen . the panel 's be do some talk and you have have a great run . bob twenty year . orval twenty year . you be a legend . you have be in parade Magazine . you be the Oprah of butter . but we just sort of feel that maybe it 's time to give someone else a shot , you know . bob ( not fully register ) oh. orval look , we be prepare to offer you a spot on the panel . you 'il be a judge . along with I and Mary Alice and Carl hudgins . bob ( shell - shocked ) Carl hudgen be a good guy . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library Bob snap orval great guy . you have have a good run , Bob , but now it 's time to start give back . like Oprah do . bob she 's get that angel Network . orval it 's time , Bob . out of the shock of the moment and come around . bob well , uh , sure . oh yeah , sure . of course . you know , I be get old and you know , it really be important to pass the baton . orval absolutely . but you know , I want to ask you a delicate question ... Laura ? great hall — Laura hold court with some female admirer . LAURA of course he would make a excellent mayor or even governor . if we can achieve excellence in one arena then we can certainly achieve it in another . that 's just how life be . successful people can be successful at anything . her admirer nod in agreement . backstage script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library bob right . Laura . orval will she ...? 17 18 bob oh , no .. it 's fine . it 's fine .. she will be fine . orval just ' cause I know she 's very ' involved 's . bob she will be fine . Bob gulp . ext . the pickler family home — night a suburban home . it 's pretty peaceful until - LAURA ( 0.s ) ( scream ) who the fuck do they think they be ? int . the pickler family home — same Laura , still in she gown , be pace around the live room while Bob , with he head lower , sit on the sofa . LAURA this be wrong . this be so wrong . they can not do this . we have rights . they daughter kaitlen , 17 , watch she ' episode 's — she 's be through it all before . bob Laura , there 's no need to curse . LAURA ( more pace ) clearly orval want you out of the way . I have always know exactly what kind of person he be . of course , I never think he have go this far but - bob you know orval be a good man . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 19 LAURA do not be so naive . he 's have it out for we from day one . ( beat ) I 'il call the governor . that 's what I ’1ll do . kaitlen ( deadpan ) or just go straight to Jesus ? Laura look to kaitlen - and that 's all she need to do to shut she up . LAURA my constitutional rights be be violate and I will call the governor . get I the yellow page . Bob look up . he just have to say it . bob the governor do not care , Laura . Laura whip she head toward Bob , jurassic park-style . LAURA what do you say ? bob ( mumble ) the governor do not care . LAURA ( close in ) whose side be you on , Bob ? they be destroy everything we have work so hard on for the last 20 year and you be just go to take it ? bob it 's time to pass the baton , Laura . I need to start give back . like Oprah . LAURA how dare you bring Oprah into this ? this be about I , you and butter . Bob peak he head up . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 20 bob you mean it 's about I and butter ? Laura stop pace : oh , no he do not . LAURA ( sweetly ) kaitlen . could you leave we , please ? kaitlen get up and run the hell upstairs . kaitlen cover you ball , dad . LAURA I know why this happen . you do not stand up for yourself again . that 's what happen , be not it ? bob can not we just - LAURA I guess dad be right when he warn I against marrying someone whose biggest dream be to be a middle - school principal . bob what 's that suppose to mean ? LAURA it mean I should have take he advice and marry boyd bolton . at least he inherite a successful Ford dealership . Bob get up and grab he coat . bob I be do . LAURA I doubt boyd would just give up bolton Ford at the drop of a hat . bob Laura , please . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 21 Bob open the front door . LAURA what if Al Qaeda attack bolton Ford ? do you think boyd would just throw in the towel ? just say ' here terrorist , take the key !? it 's all yours . 's bob Laura . Al Qaeda be not go to attack bolton Ford . Bob exit . LAURA ( shouting out the front door ) no , Bob , he would have fight for it like a fuck man ! Laura slam the door behind he . Bob peel out in he minivan . int . emmit home — bathroom — night destiny sit on the toilet . just before she finish pee , she look to the toilet paper holder : it 's empty . destiny hobble up and look worried : she do not know where this people keep they toilet paper . she open a few cupboard : nothing . finally , she look under the sink and spot a spare roll . destiny put the paper on the holder and finish she business . ext . another suburban home — night a ranch style home with a rv in the driveway . peaceful and sweet until a white suburban pull up out of nowhere and drive up onto the grass . int . orval anderson 's home - same orval and he wife helen sit in match easy - lounger watch '' deal or no deal . '' script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 22 helen I tell she not to pick 22 . a loud crash . orval hop up and peer through the mini - blind outside - Laura , a ball of fury , bang on the front door . inside - orval duck down . orval shit ! tell she I be not here . more banging . helen what ? who ? what 's go on ? orval get up and hide behind the stairwell . orval it 's Laura . Laura pickler . helen oh , God ... here ? orval just tell she I be fishing . louder banging . helen at 8:30 at night ? oh God ! why be she here ? what do you do , orval ? orval tell she I be at church . no , she will hunt I down there . helen what if she get inside ? ( distraught ) oh , orval . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 23 and suddenly , banging on the window . helen accidentally scream . outside - Laura be bang on the window off the porch . she hear helen 's scream . LAURA a-ha ! helen ! helen Anderson ! I know you be in there . where 's orval ? a beat , and then the front door slowly creak open . helen ( terrify ) Laura . it 's so nice to see you . Laura push past helen and head — inside - LAURA cut the shit , helen . where 's orval ? helen cannot believe what be go on in she own home . helen he 's in the shower . maybe I can have he call you later . Laura look at the Anderson 's tragic sofa but sit down anyway . LAURA I nil wait . Laura look around : hummel figurine , a painting of a cry bald eagle hover over the twin tower on 9/11 , a picture of a few of orval and helen 's fugly - ass child . we just know what Laura be think : this people be disgusting . later - the clock read 8:55 . helen be a ball of awkwardness and terror . she try to make small talk . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 24 helen ( re : deal or no deal ) if you ask I I think number 27 be too thin . she 's a pretty girl but she need a good ten pound on she . LAURA maybe you can go check on orval. ( shouting ) or-val ! helen look toward the basement door . she do not know who to hate more at this moment ; Laura or orval . until she hear squealing tire from outside . orval have take off in he explorer . Laura jump up . LAURA that little - ( beat ) you tell orval this be not over . Laura storm out . ext . rosie' ii gentlemen 's lounge — night a minivan be park out front of a bust look strip club . int . rosie 's ii gentleman 's lounge — same a 19 - year- old woman work the pole ( note : no nudity , please , it 's not that kind of movie ) to lulu 's '' to Sir , with Love . '' she have a black Betty page hairdo and ton of tattoo . her dance move be phone - in . it 's clear she hate she job , puppy , rainbow , Jesus , you , I and pretty much everything else . this be Tokyo Rose ( real name : brooke sosnowski ) . brooke slide down the pole and crawl toward the lone man in the place .. Bob Anderson . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 25 music ( lulu ) but how do you thank someone who 's take you from crayon to perfume ... Bob , nervous , smile back . ext . highway 70 — night Laura careen she suburban down the empty highway . she 's a wreck . the mascara be run and the hair be beat . LAURA ( to herself , possess ) they be all against I . they be try to make I go crazy on purpose . they be just jealous . they be just jealous and they can not handle it so they have to try and tear I down to make themselves feel better . they look at I and all they see be they own failure . they be not pretty . they be not thin . they do not help the handicapped . so they attack I . well , if they think that ’l1l work against Laura pickler they have get another think come . Laura put the pedal to the metal . we watch as the speedometer go from 60 to 90 . int . rosie 's ii gentlemen 's lounge - same brooke be writhe on Bob 's lap , pretend to be sexual . brooke you be the only man who care about I . bob ( polite ) oh , that 's not true . I be sure plenty of man like you . you father care about you , right ? brooke ( obvious bullshit ) my father rape I . brooke roll she eye . it 's just too easy . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 26 brooke ( cont ’d ) I just wish , I just wish I have someone to take care of I , to love I . I mean not just to pay my rent , which incidentally be 560 dollar a month plus utility , but someone , you know , who truly understand I . brooke writhes a bit more sexually . he do not get this at home , that 's for sure . bob I understand you . brooke look away , dramatically . brooke no . you be just a customer . you only want I for one thing . bob ( sincere ) no . that 's not true . I — I do not want to say this because I think it would be inappropriate but , Tokyo Rose — brooke brooke . my real name 's brooke . bob brooke . I love you . Brook writhes even more . Bob reach into he wallet and pull out a wad of cash . bob here . for you rent . brooke ( put the money in she g-string ) oh , I could never take this . bob please . brooke lean in close to Bob . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 27 brooke you be such a good person . brooke kiss bob. ext . rosie' ii parking lot - same the minivan 's window be all steam up and it rock from side to side . ext . highway 70 — night Laura fly along . she be not happy . up ahead she spot rosie 's ii and the family minivan park under a ugly yellow sodium lamp . close on : Laura 's face : i. will. cut. off. his. Fucking . ball . the suburban , go about 90 , slam on its brake in the middle of the highway lurch forward across the median , almost hit a oncoming car , and zoom up on the grass to the parking lot - where the minivan , she minivan , be there steamy and drip with nasty sex . LAURA ( v.o. ) be I mad that Bob be sleep with that thing ? do not be ridiculous . why would I be mad ? Laura slam the suburban into the side of the minivan . LAURA ( v.o. , cont ’d ) I mean , to tell the truth , I be thrilled . each time that slut put she devil-lip on Bob 's cock be one less time I have to . no , I be just upset that he would jeopardize all we have work for . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 28 the minivan slide a few foot , rock a bit , and then come to a stop . int . the pickler family home — later Bob sit on the couch with he head down . he hold a bag of ice on he crotch . Laura stand with she hand cross . LAURA she have tattoo , Bob . you know what that mean , right ? it mean she have aids ! bob Lau - LAURA how long have this be go on ? Bob stand up . bob it be just one time . and look , you be not innocent in this whole - LAURA you be sleep on the couch tonight . bob I sleep on the couch every night . LAURA ( pull it back together ) if I be you I have get a good night sleep . County be in a month so we have a lot of work to do . bob Laura . it 's over . I be not enter County . orval and I agree — LAURA we have to get the butter , sharpen the trowel . we should check the cool unit to make sure - script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 29 bob Laura . listen to I . I be not compete this year . Laura stop . LAURA I know ... I be . Bob fall back down on the couch . bob what ? LAURA I be compete . I x11 win county , and then take back what be rightfully ours . and you be go to help I . good night . Bob look at she , dead - eye . LAURA oh , and I need my beauty rest tonight , so do not be so goddamn loud when you jack -off . and with that , Laura head upstairs . ext . country day school — iowa CITY — one month later ethan pull up he volvo into the turnaround of a private school . it 's nice . not ritzy but definitely nice . we can tell some time have pass because the autumn leave have begin to fall . ethan you will be fine . destiny look to he . she clutches she pink backpack . ethan I be in room 412 . I be always just a short walk away , okay ? destiny grab she backpack and hop out . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 30 int . country day school — art CLASS — later a art class fill with 12 year old . they be all white and wear uniform . a teacher , mrs . schram , draw a tree on the blackboard . mrs . schram when you draw you tree , I want you rid you conscious mind of any notion of what you think a tree should look like - destiny look around . she do not have a pencil . a blonde boy , hayden , whisper to she , while Mrs. schram walk around the classroom inspect they work . hayden ( whisper ) here . you can use mine . I have two . he hand she a pencil . hayden I just want you to know that I think black people be really cool . destiny thanks . destiny draw she tree in a instant . it 's perfect . the bell ring . the kid pack up they book and race out . hayden okay , see you around . he 's actually really sweet . destiny okay , bye . destiny pack up she new pencil and head out the door but as she do , Mrs. schram tap she on the shoulder . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 31 mrs . schram destiny , I want to say how thrilled I be to have you in my class . you be a very talented artist . destiny I be not really that good . Mrs. schram hold up the destiny 's quick draw of the tree . it 's awesome . mrs . schram I expect big thing from you . destiny smile , shyly : who be this people ? hallway — destiny walk through a sea of white kid . they all smile at_her . destiny ( v.0o . ) the emmit and everyone at my new school be so nice that I could not help but think : be this cracker for real ? I have never meet white people like this before . int . volvo — later ethan and destiny drive . destiny you know how you guy ask if I need anything awhile back ? ethan shoot . destiny you guy do not have butter . ethan ( as in thank God I have a ally now . ) Jill . she mean well . it use to be worse . she use to by this fake meat call seiten . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 32 destiny like the devil ? ethan exactly . look. I ’1l1 pick some up on the way home . destiny really ? ethan really . destiny ok. cool . I be gonna 's need like 200 pound . ethan furrow he brow a bit : what ? int . pickler family home - night dinnertime . the family be seat . Laura enter carry a roast chicken on a tray . LAURA well kaitlen , you father and I have great news ! Laura sit down and place she napkin on she lap . kaitlen could give a shit . LAURA as you know , the mastery in butter Committee have turn on you father like juda iscariot himself , thus barring he from next year competition . kaitlen oh , the horror . LAURA ( aside , to kaitlen ) maybe one day , kaitlen , you will be good enough at something so that people will use nefarious mean to get you out of the picture , but until that day , I think it 's best you keep you mouth shut . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 33 LAURA ( cont ’d ) now , we good news be that , instead of you father , I will be compete this year ! LAURA expect something a little more than the stare she get . bob ( begrudge ) I think we should be proud of you mother . kaitlen have you ever make a butter sculpture before ? you do not even eat dairy . oh , man you be go to suck so hard . bob kaitlen . kaitlen I be just say . LAURA ( actually heartfelt ) I have stand by you father for the last 20 year — watch , learn , absorb — I be there for every success and every failure . I watch he turn 867 stick of butter into first Lady Barbara Bush . I be there when , two day before State , the cooler break and half of baby Jesus 's face melt off . and I be here now in he darkest hour of need to lift he up and continue we legacy . the doorbell ring . Bob and kaitlen kind of just sit there for a second , freak out . LAURA I expect outsider to be skeptical , but my own family ? ( in tear ) if you will excuse I . Laura compose herself and head upstairs . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 34 bob um , I 'il get the door . kaitlen look to she dad : wait , should I feel bad ? front door — Bob open the door . it 's brooke . he quickly shut it . more knocking . Bob look back to kaitlen : shit ! upstair — Laura be in she master bathroom , put preparation - h under she eye . front door — Bob crack open the door . brooke be in full - stripper gear . brooke hey , boot bob ( whisper ) you can not be here . brooke I just need a little more money . she try to kiss he but Bob push she away . bob this be not happen . brooke but you say you love I ? bob ( whisper ) brooke . brooke but we do it . I never do it with guy from the club . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 35 Bob sense something behind he . it 's kaitlen . Bob slam the door . inside - kaitlen ( intrigue ) dad . who be that ? bob nobody . outside - brooke have she ear to the front door . she hear he say '' nobody . '' inside - kaitlen be giddy . something be actually happen in the suburb ! kaitlen be she a hooker ? I like she boot . bob no. no. just go to bed . kaitlen wait . be she you hooker ? because - ( she look upstairs ) - we totally understand if she be . bob kaitlen . go to bed . now . kaitlen realize she dad be serious and head upstairs . outside - brooke stare at the already mangle minivan ( the one Laura hit . ) brooke ( scream ) nobody ? I be nobody ?! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 36 she smack the car with she patent - leather bowl ball - shape purse . upstair - Laura hear something and look out the window : why be that slut attacking my car with her stupid purse ! downstair - Bob , a nervous wreck , open the door again . he try to shoo brooke away . bob ( loud whisper ) brooke ! brooke ( shouting ) screw you ! you be just like my father ! bob ( whisper ) I be sorry , brooke , I can not . my wife control the checkbook . brooke get into she car ( a pink bug with a bull horn hood ornament ) . brooke you wife ? I can not believe you be gonna 's let you wife come between we . ( disgust ) I think you have moral . bob brooke . I can not . I be marry . she start the engine . brooke ( cont 'd ) you tell you wife to watch she back . brooke peel out . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 37 downstair - Bob shut the door , relieved it 's over — but Laura be there . LAURA you owe I . you owe I big . never forget that . her arm be cross and she seem oddly thrilled . int . emmit home — destiny room — night destiny sit at she desk work a piece of yellow play - doh into a cow . it 's pretty good . a knock Jill enter . jill can I come in ? destiny nod . Jill sit down on the bed . jill how be you first day ? destiny good . jill Mrs. schram say you be quite the artist . destiny look down . destiny I guess . jill well I think that 's great . destiny say nothing . jill ethan say you be interested in do that butter contest thing ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 38 destiny yeah . jill be you sure ? it 's kind of rednecky . destiny I do not mind . Jill realize destiny want to be alone . jill come on . it 's late . light out . before she leave , Jill spot destiny 's suitcase in the corner , still unpack . ext . johnson county moose lodge — day insert title card — ' sign-up 's a cinderblock building paint blue . a sign read '' loyal order of the moose . '' there be a few small car park out front . Laura 's suburban pull up . inside the suburban — Laura listen to the book on tape of '' the secret . '' the secret ( female Australian accent ) - a thousand year old mystery . the art of positive think . positive thought become real , but beware , so do negative one . Laura turn off the engine and take a deep breath . LAURA ( v.o. ) I be a winner . I will win . I will win this competition . ( beat ) oh , God what be I do here ? I can not do this . I have no experience . I be not a artist . ( beat ) shut up , Laura . now you just mess up '' the secret '' by even think script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 39 LAURA ( v.o. , cont 'd ) that . pull it together , you stupid slut . no ! do not call yourself a slut . oh , god . ( beat ) I will win . I will win . I will win . Laura center herself and exit the suburban . int . johnson county moose lodge — same basically a hallway with a card table set up , but Laura enter like she 's at Buckingham Palace for she coronation . a woman who clearly enjoy butter , nancy fulke , work the sign - up process . nancy Laura ? I think Bob be judge State this year ? pick up a pencil . LAURA he be . I be signing up for myself . Nancy seem shocked . she look around for anyone , anyone at all , to share she disbelief with but they be alone . nancy be you sure ? you have big shoe to fill , follow you husband like that . close on — Laura sign she name in perfect penmanship . LAURA well , do not get I wrong , I be not a feminist or anything like that , but I just worry about what would happen if the title , and all the power that come with it , be in the hand of someone other than a pickler . I mean , we all remember what happen with the miss America pageant and vanessa Williams . Nancy seem to agree . nancy well , I guess I see you point . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 40 Laura glance back down at the sign up sheet . LAURA I see I be the only name so far in Johnson County . what time do we wrap this up ? nancy official rule state I need to be here ' till noon . Laura look to the clock . 11:18 . LAURA I 'il wait . Nancy nod , uncomfortable : what 's that suppose to mean ? ext . moose lodge — parking lot — same ethan and destiny pull up in the volvo . ethan here we be . destiny suddenly look nervous . she do not want to go . ethan do you want I to go in with you ? ethan sense she 's have second thought . ethan do not tell Jill because she always tell I to think positive but what I like to do be this : think of all the bad thing that could possibly happen to you if you enter this contest . like , you could die of a tragic butter overdose or maybe a rabid grizzly bear be hide inside the moose lodge wait to rip you face off . think of all that and then ask yourself ' what 's the worst that could happen ? 's destiny there could be a python inside . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 41 ethan or a mass murder who only kill little girl . destiny or racist ninjas . ethan so , honestly , what 's the worst that could happen ? destiny ( serious now ) I could be terrible and lose . ethan and could you live with that ? destiny think for a second . destiny I guess so . ethan well good . then that 's all you need to know . there 's a possibility you might suck and lose . that 's really not that big of a deal , be it ? destiny , still nervous but a bit assuage , look at he and nod . ethan now go make we proud . destiny hop out of the car . int . moose lodge - same the clock read 11:45 . Laura be pace . LAURA well , look like it 's just I . I will help you pack up . nancy I really do need to wait until — oh , look . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 42 Laura turn to see Carol Ann stevenson . the poor thing be wear a land 0 's Lakes t-shirt three size too small . carol ann LAURA ?! she run up and hug a disgust Laura . carol ann oh my god ! be you enter too ? oh my God ! we have to get cooler right . next . to. each . other ! it will be just like camp ! LAURA how fun . carol ann I be so nervous . I mean , what be I do , right ? but you know I just think ' Carol Ann , you have be on the sideline too long . now 's you time to run out onto the court and play ball ! 's LAURA right . carol ann I be so glad you be here . we be gonna 's be just like sister ! behind they , destiny enter the hallway . carol ann ( to destiny ) oh , no offense . destiny ( to Nancy ) I would like to sign up , please . nancy well be not that just precious . destiny grab the clipboard and sign she name . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 43 LAURA well , that 's that . Three people . should be a very tough competition but I think a good challenge be healthy for the soul . ( beat ) be someone smoking ? Laura turn to see — brooke , dress in she stripper outfit from the night before . she saunter up to the table and remove she sunglass . brooke hey . nancy ( mortify ) can I help you ? brooke yeah . I want to sign up . brooke give Laura the evil -eye . nancy for the Johnson County mastery in butter Sculpture competition ? brooke laugh out loud . brooke fuck . oh , man . yeah . that . I want to sign up for that . she look over to Laura and mouth the word ' I be gonna 's cut you . 's nancy have you work with butter before ? brooke oh , I have work with it all . Nancy slide over the sign up clipboard to brooke . Laura walk over . LAURA I object . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 44 nancy well , I , um , she 's here on time and the rule say anyone can enter . LAURA look at what she 's wear . Nancy furiously flip through the rule- book . nancy ( nervous ) I do not see anything about that in here . brooke take Laura aside . hallway — brooke you husband owe I another 600 buck . LAURA interesting . do he buy 600 blow - job on credit ? brooke look at she , impressed : I do not know you have it in you . brooke you come in between I and my man . LAURA shh . we be in a moose lodge . ( beat ) Bob be my husband . he care about I . we build a life together . I bore he child brooke so ? you want a cookie ' cause you get pregnant ? I get pregnant like once a month . LAURA do you honestly think you be anything more than a cheap lay to he ? and do you think you be the first ? ( laugh ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 45 LAURA ( cont ’d ) you be just another in a long string of whore . brooke be stunne . we can understand that maybe she 's actually develop feeling for Bob . and then Laura go in for the kill . LAURA ( cont ’d ) he 'il fuck you a couple more time and then he 'il get bored . and after that he 'il come right back where he belong : in my house , on my sofa . brooke suck it up . brooke listen . do I be here piss you off in any way whatsoever ? LAURA absolutely . brooke good . brooke march back over to the sign - up table and scribbles she name on the clipboard . brooke it 's on , hussy . brooke exit leave a stunne room . int . pickler family home — night Laura , Nancy ( the sign - up lady ) and Carol Ann stevenson have tea in Laura 's live room . LAURA I want she out . Nancy be nervous . Carol Ann be in full support of Laura . nancy well , I - script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 46 LAURA this will go over very badly with the land o’ Lakes people . trust I . I have be around a long time and this corporate brass type do not stand for that kind of behavior . I mean , they could disqualify all of Johnson country just on she outfit alone . carol ann she be represent America 's favorite butter . Nancy stand up . nancy I be sorry , but we can not disqualify someone on the basis of — whatever that be . you 's 1ll just have to beat she fair and square . Carol Ann look to Laura . her teacup be shaking . nancy I will see you lady at orientation . Nancy exit . there 's a slight pause . Carol Ann do not know what to say or do . LAURA ( through gritt tooth ) get out . Carol Ann get up and run out . int . hy - vee grocery store — day Laura , in high heel , push a shopping cart fill entirely with butter . she get a few strange look . LAURA ( v.o. ) it 's really sad that some people have nothing better to do with they time than to try and drag down other . Laura smile to the check -out girl . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 47 int . pickler family home — basement — later Laura , inside they in - home butter cooler , mold cold butter in she hand . she wear goggle and a apron . LAURA ( v.o. , cont 'd ) especially people who be simply try to work hard and spread a little light in this dark world . I mean , look at what they do to that Heather Mills . and to think , that poor thing only have one leg . imagine what they 'il try to do to that of we who be not retarded . Laura study a 7u' - look book title '' you too can be a artist ! '' she stare at she hunk of butter , focus . int . coral ridge episcopal church — later Laura kneel during a church service , praying . she wear a large straw hat . LAURA ( v.o. , cont ’d ) but as a Christian my heart go out to that people . I just hope they realize that all the time they spend attack other would have be better improve they overweight , amateurish , whore life . Laura make the sign of the cross and sit back down in the pew . ext . johnson county moose lodge — day Nancy pull up she Taurus to the front of the moose Lodge . Laura be already there , hold a box of supplies , pace . Nancy look to she watch . Laura be way early . nancy ( to herself ) Jesus , Laura . Nancy take a deep breath . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 48 int . johnson county moose lodge — same a room , about the size of a small high school gym . four identical glass wall cooler have be place in the room , each contain giant , identical hunk of butter . tape to the glass of each cooler be a homemade sign : ' Laura , 's ' Carol Ann , 's ' destiny , 's and ' brooke . 's insert title card — three day until ' trowels down 's carol ann — stare at the massive hunk of butter . she 's try so hard to be a artist but it 's just not come . she make a CUT , pause , then stop : this be hard ! she sit down on the floor and eat a twinkie . destiny — be carve away . she 's cut the top half of the hunk off and place it on its side . we can barely make it out at this stage , but it look like it 's go to be a train . brooke's cooler — be empty . she probably forget . laura' cooler — Laura stare at the hunk of butter , determine . later — carol ann — have make a few cut . she seem proud and honestly , we have no idea why since she hunk of butter now look like a mangle hunk of butter . destiny — be truck away . her train be really start to materialize now . it have three car , and she 's even manage to capture the smoke from the engine 's smokestack . as she work on the second hunk of butter , she look up — script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 49 LAURA - arm fold , stare at destiny from outside . it 's chill . destiny — catch Laura stare at she and smile . Laura look at she , cold and unflinch , and then walk away . insert title card — two day until ' trowels down 's MAIN room — along with the four cooler , about 20 or so visitors have come to check out the progress . ethan and Jill be there , and wave to destiny . jill ( whisper ) this be weird . ethan just be supportive . Jill look to he : but it 's weird . destiny — her train be fully complete now . it 's amazing . Three car with life - life detail . she 's hard at work at the second part of she piece . it 's a human figure of some sort .. we can not quite tell yet . carol ann — we can maybe see what she 's go for now : three kitten in a bucket or a maybe a Hickory Farms gift basket ? regardless , it look like shit and Carol Ann know it . it 's actually kind of heartbreaking . brooke's cooler — be still empty . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 50 carol ann — exasperate , get up , pop open a diet snapple , and walk over to laura cooler — Laura 's move along nicely . we can see she 's complete a few figure , seated in chair . as much as we hate to admit it . she 's do a great job . Carol Ann rap on the glass . Laura open the cooler door . LAURA Carol Ann . carol ann oh , I be sorry . you must be hard at work in there create you little masterpiece . mine ..2 I do not know . I mean , I think it would work out but — this be hard , Laura . LAURA how 's the girl 's look ? what 's she name ? tuniesha ? carol ann destiny . LAURA oh , that 's right . pretty name . I mean , she 's only 12 . I wish she luck . carol ann she 's actually really good . you should see it . Laura take she best I can not be bother face and step out of she cooler . outside destiny 's cooler — Laura sour . destiny be finish and she sculpture be amazing . what 's worse for Laura , we see destiny 's full vision now : the underground railroad . the train be the same , but now we see the figure she be carve be harriet tubman . the wind from script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 51 the pass train blow gently at she scarf and she face be a creamy mixture of hope and pain . LAURA ( v.o. ) so she decide to play the race card ? figure . I suppose if you can not compete on talent alone ... LAURA ( to Carol Ann ) well , good for she . carol ann it 's amazing , be not it ? I mean , that 's almost as good as anything Bob 's ever do . Laura shoot Carol Ann a look and storm back to she cooler . later — a group of webelos ( young boy scout ) have come on a outing to check out the progress . hayden ( he kindly give destiny he pencil at school ) be there , too . they be take in by destiny 's sculpture , until - a pair of clear high heel strut on the tile floor . brooke have enter the building . Carol Ann spot she . brooke spot she back and flick she tongue sexually . Carol Ann be mortify . later — inside brooke's cooler the webelos press they face up against the glass of brooke 's cooler . judge from she tank top , it sure be cold in there . brooke stare at she hunk of butter , pick up a trowel , and then make a few cut . she then shape the thing a bit with she hand . and as quick as she come , she 's do . ( we do not see she work yet . ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 52 MAIN room — brooke exit pass Carol Ann . brooke ( smile ) cute shoe . Carol Ann be flummox but smile anyway . brooke leave , lighting up a cigarette . MAIN hall — a crowd have form around Nancy , who tap into a microphone . there be a excitement in the air . nancy contestant - Nancy look at she stopwatch . nancy and crowd five . four. Three . two. one. trowels down ! the crowd cheer . destiny — still work , put she tool down . carol ann — be already sit on the floor read cat Fancy . LAURA — step out of she cooler . she 's a vision again , barely work up a sweat . ( we do not see she complete piece yet . ) brooke — be long go . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 53 ext . moose lodge — night insert title card : judging the parking lot be pack . this be a big deal for Johnson County . int . moose lodge — same a crowd mill about behind the now roped - off cooler . each contestant stand in front of they respective sculpture . Laura across from destiny ; Carol Ann across from brooke . we can now see Laura 's sculpture : a happy family , seat at a_dinner table , praying . and you know what , it 's also amazing . Way better than anyone else 's . Laura have get this lock up . Laura catch destiny 's eye and smile . destiny ignore she . she 's all steel nerve . later — Nancy tap on a microphone and stand on a milk crate . nancy lady and gentleman , welcome to the Johnson County run-off of the State mastery in butter competition . the crowd clap . ethan and Jill , as well as some other student and faculty from country Day be there to support destiny . nancy I would like to introduce we esteem panel of judge . from leave to right , betsy Lou Holt , we reign miss dairy . more clap . betsy lou holt smile . she 's pretty and clearly like she dairy . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 54 nancy next we have the Mayor of Iowa City , Bill olberweis . and finally , wife of State head judge orval Anderson , mrs- helen Anderson ! the crowd cheer . Laura look at helen and smile sweetly : I hate you . nancy now , we be go to let each contestant say a few word about they work before the judge begin deliberate . we will go in order , leave to right . Carol Ann stevenson ? clap . Carol Ann , a nervous wreck , step up onto the milk crate . carol ann oh God , I do not know what to say ! there 's so many people here ! whew ! I just really love kitten ? especially when they get tangle in a blanket which I do not do because that would be so hard to carve so I put they in a basket instead . I hope that 's okay ? thank you ! Carol Ann step down . no one really know what to do so a few polite people clap . nancy thank you , Carol Ann . ( beat , disdainful ) brooke ? brooke walk up to the microphone . instead of be dress like she usual skank , she 's all clean up , wear a pretty , modest Laura Ashley dress , a nice shawl and dewy make -up . she look right at Laura . brooke many of you know that I ama former stripper , many time even take my job further and engage in sexual act for money . the crowd gasp . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 55 brooke ( cont ’d ) I have live a life of sin . but recently I realize that all the man , all the lap dance , all the money - it be merely a replacement for the love I never receive from my abusive father . I go from man to man to man , always look , always search . and one day , after I be nearly beat to death by a customer , who , incidentally , I have reason to believe be Muslim , I stumble into another house , a big welcoming house , and meet another man . ( dramatic , lean into microphone ) and that man be Jesus Christ . the crowd nod , especially the judge . they be touch . brooke stare down Laura : I tell you it be on , hussy . brooke I think my work speak for itself . brooke move aside , revealing she crappy sculpture . it pretty much look like a stick -draw draw on a hunk of butter . there be two eye and a mouth and a giant '' a '' draw on the figure 's chest in red lipstick . brooke I call it my scarlet letter and it 's inspire by a movie star demi Moore . thank you and God bless you . ( shouting ) butter save ! cheer ! the crowd be move . many people nod they head . brooke step down . Laura can not believe people be buy this shit . brooke look over to Bob and mouth the word : 600 dollar . nancy well thank you , brooke . that be very inspirational . destiny ? now destiny take the podium and pull out a few rumple note card . she 's really shy and nervous , but the crowd see that 's she 's only 12 and let out a big adorable sigh . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library the crowd the crowd 56 destiny hi. gushes . Laura roll she eye . destiny ( poise ) my name be destiny . my last name be either Washington or Wilson . the reason I be not sure be because the state of Iowa be not sure . you see , I be , and have be , a foster child . I have be shuttle from home to to home . and while some of my experience have be negative , most have be overwhelmingly positive . I have see the great people of Iowa , from Des Moines to winnemucca County and I know this to be true : iowan be the great people ever to walk the face of the Earth ! cheer . destiny put down she note card . she 's just get warm up . the crowd destiny ( cont 'd ) so why then , can a 12 - year - old black girl with no family history , no money and no connection , stand before you and dare to think she can win this competition ? ( beat , lean forward , dramatic ) because I dare to dream . be rapt . destiny ( cont ’d ) ( increasingly more animated ) it be that same dare that drive the pilgrim across the vast , dark ocean to America . why do they risk it ? ( beat ) because they dare to dream . seriously , people be hang off every word . some people have start to tear up . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library the crowd 57 destiny ( cont 'd ) and it be the dare of a man name abraham lincoln , who move from a log house to the White House and risk both house to keep this great nation together . why ? ( beat , the crowd repeat with she ! ) because he dare to dream . be on they foot , stand in elation ! destiny ( cont 'd ) ( point to she sculpture ) and it be the gumption of a poor black woman , who risk life and limb , partner with white and black alike , to bring my ancestor to freedom on the underground railroad . why ? deatiny and the crowd because she dare to dream ! destiny why ? crowd because she dare to dream ! destiny I can not hear you ! crowd because she dare to dream ! destiny and what be we gonna 's do from now on , Iowa ?! we be gonna 's — crowd dare to dream ! destiny smile . her work here be do . destiny thank you . thank you very much . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 58 the crowd goe wild , letting out one big massive cathartic applause . there 's no way they could not . Men be cry , all be clap — and all for little destiny . close on LAURA — she 's toast and she know it . Laura be shake . nancy and last , but certainly not least , Laura pickler ! Laura , come on up . Laura be catch off guard , but stumble up to the milk crate . it do not look good for she now . LAURA ( nervous and horrible ) family . when I think about butter I think of family . why ? because like the thread of a grandmother 's quilt , butter be the centerpiece of the family dinner and family in turn , be the thread that hold we great country together . without butter , there be no family , and without family , there be no United state of America . thank you . a few polite clap . Laura , mortify , walk back to she spot . bob ( whisper ) you do great . LAURA I be terrible . Laura be fume . Nancy return to the milk crate . nancy thank you , all four of you . we have coffee and do nut hole in the back for everyone while the judge deliberate . thank you . bob ( whisper to Laura ) I have be through this before . just relax . it 's in someone else 's hand now . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 59 LAURA ( possess ) it 's never in someone else 's hand . and then — LAURA ( loud ) Excuse I — Laura stand up before the panel of judge . she know this be she last stand and Laura pickler be not go down without a fight . she walk over to the milk crate . LAURA ( cont 'd ) I would like to say a few more word if I may ? the judge look to each other then give she the go-ahead . LAURA ( cont 'd ) you know , this really hard . and then she begin to cry . we do not quite know if its heartfelt cry or a ' I be go to lose 's cry - LAURA ( cont ’d ) before you cast what may be the most important vote of you lifetime , I have like to remind you what this contest be about . it be about ' excellence in butter . 's and from what I have see in recent day , my faith in this panel 's commitment to excellence have be challenge . unless I be mistaken some people seem to think this competition be about who be the most disadvantaged , who 's have the hardest life . who 's have to overcome the most to get here . the judge and the crowd seem skeptical . LAURA ( cont ’d ) ) you know , this be exactly why I stop watch my american idol . every year the best singer get up there and every year she get knock down by some ghetto queen with a baby and mug shot . well I be sorry that I be bear white and tall and script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 60 LAURA ( cont 'd ) pretty . I be sorry I do not sit in front of the tv all day inhale pork rind and soiling myself . Laura glance over to Carol Ann who chow down on a bag of funyon . LAURA ( cont ‘d ) and I be sorry that I do not spend 15 year of my life suck every cock that fly in front of my face , only to throw on a cheap church dress and claim to find God . Laura look to brooke . the crowd be stunne . LAURA ( cont ’d ) and I be sorry my ancestor be not run around naked in a field of cotton sing amazing Grace . Laura look to destiny . LAURA ( cont 'd ) and I guess I be most sorry I spend all my life work hard and do the right thing . because that 's what I think this competition be about . and I just hope when you vote , you remember that . Laura step down . and guess what ? she 's get they back . a few people in the crowd be not have it , but for the most part , folk be nodd they head , especially the judge . she look to brooke and destiny : now who 's on top ? later — the crowd mill about , enjoy they donut hole and congratulate Laura on she impending win . Nancy enter and pull Laura aside . nancy can I speak with you privately ? LAURA of course . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 61 int . women' restroom — same Nancy and Laura talk . LAURA - there be concern ? nancy yes . some of the judge be of the opinion that perhaps you work be not entirely you own . LAURA and you defend I , right ? nancy well , I — I be impartial — LAURA I assume they show you proof ? where be it ? I want to see it . nancy well , it be just a sense that some of they - LAURA it be that miss dairy heifer , be not it ? or that helen . you know she have a history of lie , do not you ? nancy no , I be not aware of that . Laura move closer to Nancy . LAURA the work be mine . and unless they can prove otherwise , I suggest you march right back in there and tell they to vote for the best . you know ned eaton will be represent winnebago County again , do not you ? who do you think will be strongest up against he ? the stripper or Little miss ' I do not know nothin’ 's bout birthin’ no baby ? 's script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 62 Nancy sigh . LAURA I be the best and if I do not win I will go to the Register and expose this panel like there 's no tomorrow . do you think you can handle a media shit-storm , Nancy ? Nancy hold she tongue . nancy I 'il see what I can do . Nancy exit . Laura pace . int . moose lodge — MAIN hall — later the do nut hole be all go . Nancy approach the microphone with the judge behind she . she seem unduly nervous for a event such as this . nancy if I may have you attention . we have a decision . it 's almost like she 's read a verdict . the crowd gather ' round . Laura put on she best fake-smile . nancy ( cont ’d ) ( look at a note card ) in fourth place , we have Carol Ann stevenson ! polite clap , but Carol Ann be over the moon ! carol oh my God ! I win something ! Carol Ann race up and take she fourth place ribbon . nancy ( cont 'd ) congrat Carol ann. ( sour ) and in third place , we have brooke sosnowski . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 63 brooke walk up and snatch she ribbon from Nancy 's hand . no one really clap , but some people feel sorry for she . nancy ( cont ’d ) we hope you continue on you path towards righteousness . brooke oh , I will . brooke smile to the crowd . on she way out , brooke spot destiny . brooke ( whisper , look to Laura ) I know you be only , like , 12 and shit but listen up : you beat that skangy ass cunt and you beat she hard . destiny nod . brooke you be a good girl . brooke pat she on the shoulder and get the hell out . nancy now , if we could have Laura pickler and destiny come on up here . both walk up . Nancy hold one blue and one red ribbon in she hand . nancy ( cont ’d ) representing Johnson County in the Iowa State Fair mastery in butter competition this year will be — Laura stare at Nancy . nancy ( cont 'd ) destiny ! the crowd cheer ! slow motion ; LAURA 's p.o.v. : Nancy pin the blue ribbon on destiny 's shirt . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library she look to Bob , then Nancy , then helen — all the people that have forsaken she as they rush to congratulate destiny - leave Laura alone with just she pain , pain smile . int . country day school — day destiny walk down the hall , this time wear a uniform just like everyone else . everyone congratulate she as she pass . kide Way to go destiny ! congrat ! you be the best . destiny soak it in . destiny ( v.0 . ) I guess it be wrong of I to say that all white people be weird . that 's not true at all . most white people be really awesome ! ext . highway 70 — later Laura careen she suburban down the highway . the whole family be buckle up . Laura be tense . LAURA fuck that little nigger bitch ! kaitlen Mom ! you can not say that word . bob kaitlen , you mother 's upset . LAURA no . she 's right , I should not say that . ( beat ) fuck that little black bitch . oh , she know she be good all along . she hustle we . she 's a hustler . and then pull out that Martin luther King bullshit . please . how be normal people suppose to compete with that ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 65 kaitlen Mom . what 's you problem ? it 's just some stupid contest . LAURA you know , Nancy approach I during break and express a concern that perhaps destiny do not carve that all on she own . and , of course , I defend she . I be start to regret my kindness . kaitlen God . I can not wait ' till I be 18 so I can get out of this stupid family . Laura drive faster . LAURA and where will you live ? how will you pay you bill . it 's not like you be get into any college with you grade . bob Girls . it 's be a long day . come on . kaitlen maybe I will be a stripper , like dad 's friend . Laura be floor . Bob 's not too happy either . kaitlen seem pleased : she know to hit where it hurt . but then again , so do she mom . LAURA with you body ? well , I wish you luck . Laura pull into the driveway and stop the car . kaitlen , a mess of anger and tear , run out . kaitlen GOD ! I hate you ! kaitlen race inside . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 66 int . pickler home — master bedroom — the next day Laura sit in front of the computer , wear a saucy red dress . LAURA ( intense ) I be a winner . she stare at the screen then type something . insert — the YouTube homepage . Laura find something ( we do not see it ) and seem pleased . ext . pickler home - later Laura leave , but instead of get into she suburban , choose the minivan . int . the emmit house — later a cake - it 's white with blue icing that read ' congratulation destiny ! 's two sparkler be stick in the icing and light up the dining room . ethan pour everyone a glass of sparkling apple juice and toast . ethan to destiny ! everyone to destiny ! ethan , Jill , destiny and hayden chow down on cake and natural soda . hayden hand destiny a gift , wrap in newspaper . hayden I get you a gift . destiny open it . it 's a bottle of body lotion . hayden it 's cocoa butter . the commercial say it make woman of color feel beautiful . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 67 Jill look to ethan . destiny thank you . I like it . hayden smile . destiny shovel a big piece of cake in she mouth when suddenly they hear tire screeching ! ext . emmit home — moment later Jill , ethan , destiny and hayden stand in the yard , stare at the house . they be look at something : hayden ( read ) http colon mark double backslash www dot youtube dot com backslash watch question mark v equal sign 90 dqoq3lssg ( beat ) be that a gang ? reverse angle : a entire website url be spray paint on they garage door . they have be vandalize in perhaps the dumbest way ever . Jill race inside , piss . int . emmit family home — later the family be huddle over ethan 's macbook watch a video : insert : a YouTube clip title '' peta protest — midway dairy — 1991 . '' several college student stand in front of a dairy facility . in the video , we see three cow stuff animal hang from noose . some student throw fake blood on the stuff animal . and then we see a woman hold a megaphone move into frame . it 's Jill from 1991 : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 68 jill ( on video ) murderer ! in the background , we see a land o’ Lakes truck pull up . a student race up to it , and splatter a bucket of fake blood right over the land 0 's Lakes logo . back to room — destiny ( to Jill ) that 's you . Jill look to ethan : you have got to be kid I . ext . bolton ford — lot — later Laura stand by she damage minivan ( from when she slam it in the strip club parking lot . ) in the distance , amongst row of new explorer and ranger , a handsome man approach - boyd bolton . LAURA boyd ! boyd remove he cap . he 's thrilled to see he old flame . boyd Laura pickler . LAURA Bob wreck we minivan . boyd I see that . what do he do ? LAURA he slam into something he should not have slam into . boyd oh , boy , that 's too bad . well if you want we can have this fix for you right away . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 69 LAURA that would be excellent . boyd gosh . Laura , you know , you look great . I mean , even better than you do in high school . most woman go the other way . LAURA oh , and how be you wife ? boyd Tiffany ? oh , well she 's fine I guess . LAURA how nice . Laura smile . that 's all she need . ext . emmit family home - day Jill , with some turpentine and a scrub brush , try to remove the spray paint from the garage door . ethan approach . ethan I ' 1l take over . jill it 's not come off . Jill remove she rubber glove and wipe she brow . jill I do not know if I can do this , ethan . ethan I say I will take over . jill that 's not what I mean . ethan get closer . he see she 's upset . jill the cooking . the laundry . and I have to watch my mouth . and the butter thing ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 70 jill ( cont 'd ) c'mon , it 's weird . a grow woman vandalize we home . I mean , honestly . this people be nut . ( beat ) I be just not mean to be a mom . I can not do it . she 's a sweet kid but , I do not know . Jill walk away . but we pull back to reveal destiny , look on from the front porch . she hear the whole thing . int . pickler home — kaitlen 's room — same kaitlen sit on she bed smoking a bowl . she cough , and then blow the smoke into a blow tube ( a toilet paper tube with dryer sheet stuff in the end . ) ext . pickler family home — side view — later brooke , dress in head - to - toe black , pick up a rock and toss at a illuminate upstairs window . inside — the rock hit the window . kaitlen whoa . another rock . kaitlen get up and look out the window . she see brooke — brooke hey . can I come up ? kaitlen nod . kaitlen meet I around back . kaitlen 's room — on tv : a woman sell the '' snuzzler '' ( a support for you newborn 's head ) on the Home Shopping Network . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 71 kaitlen ( stone , to brooke ) do not you think its weird that baby can not hold up they head on they own ? I mean think about how fuck up that be ? its like you should not be allow to exist or something if you cant hold up you own head by yourself . whatever . I think everyone should be force to have abortion anyways . I mean , think about it . be a baby better off dead or in the suburb ? at least you feel no pain when you be vacuume out of some cooter but in the suburb you be force to live with some stupid family , with stupid people that call you fat when you be not fat at all and then you have to deal with stupid boy like Rob ackerman who do not call you back even though you blow they in the backseat of they Kia 's . ( beat ) God , I hate people and I can not wait ' till everyone die from Global warming . kaitlen take another hit . brooke right . you do not know where you dad keep he money , do you ? kaitlen why ? do he owe you money ? ( intrigue ) like for sex . kaitlen smile at brooke . like , really smile at brooke . brooke he just owe I money , that 's all . kaitlen you hair be so cool . brooke thank you . so , the cash would - kailten I have never meet anyone like you . you be so alternative . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 72 brooke - would be in one of he drawer or something , right ? kaitlen I do not know . do you want to play Truth or dare ? the look on brooke 's face say it all . stairwell — Laura , fully dress , tiptoes down the stair . she reach the front door , notice Bob asleep , and slowly crack open to door . outside — Laura get into she suburban . ext . bolton ford - night the place be quiet . Laura 's suburban pull up . int . bolton ford — later we track through the dark and empty showroom . past that , we see a light on in a back office . and then we hear sex moan . instead of head down the hall , we slowly focus in on a lifesize cardboard CUT - out of boyd that read '' bolton Ford : we be all about the service . '' the moan continue . int . the pickler family home — kaitlen 's room - later close on kaitlen 's face . he 's get major ' 0 's face . brooke lift she head up . kaitlen do not stop . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 73 brooke I be sorry , I can not do this . it 's just not I . kaitlen I can get you that 600 dollar . brooke consider this . brooke it be actually 1200 . kaitlen move in closer to kiss brooke . kaitlen you be so beautiful and different . brooke be freak , but try to play along . kaitlen you be everything I have ever want to be and now you be right here .. in my arm . kaitlen be so sincere it 's painful . brooke be die but she have she priority . she lean in and kiss kaitlen . int . bolton ford — night boyd sit inside the yellow mustang that 's on display in the showroom . tear be in he eye . through the window , we see Laura 's suburban pull away . boyd be you there , God ? it 's I , boyd bolton . I just do a very bad thing . but I guess you already know that . it 's just that — I can not help myself around she . she 's so beautiful and sophisticated and she hair smell like fancy shampoo and now I just really need you guidance because I do not think I 'il be able to control myself next time either . boyd make the sign of the cross . boyd amen . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 74 int . emmit family home — same ethan and destiny be do art and craft at the kitchen table . destiny hold up a collage , make from dry pasta , of Jill ethan she 's go to love that . destiny do not seem all that thrilled . ethan something bother you ? destiny no. ethan you sure ? destiny yeah . ethan okay . the phone ring . ethan ( on phone ) hello ? sure , I think we can do that . ok . thank you , Nancy . ethan hang up and look at the phone oddly . int . moose lodge — community room B — night a nondescript conference room in the moose Lodge . nothing could be more depress . ethan and Jill enter , follow by destiny . already seat at the table , and stare at they like they have just drown a puppy be Laura , Nancy , orval , Bob , the three county judge and one business man . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 75 nancy destiny . come in . have a seat . destiny sit down . ethan what 's go on ? the room be silent . Laura be beam . Nancy motion toward the Business man . nancy this be Martin caswell - ( then , nervous ) - from land o’ Lakes . Laura stand up . she slide over a laptop computer and press a button ... insert : the peta YouTube clip ( the url Laura ' allegedly 's spray paint on they garage door . ) back to room - Laura shut the laptop triumphantly . the crowd be stunne . ethan ( look to Laura ) yeah . we see it . nancy well , obviously this be a issue for destiny . ethan look to Jill , incredulous . ethan why ? LAURA this could get out . the Register will have a field day . jill what ? be you kid I ? you be kid I , right ? that be 20 year ago . and it 's I , for cry out loud , script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 76 jill ( cont 'd ) not she . and it 's a protest . people have a right to protest . Laura smile , calmly . LAURA well , we just do not know what kind of thought you might be put into she head . ethan this be ridiculous . LAURA I mean she could be use she win here at county to infiltrate state with some sort of anti-butter protest . ( to Martin caswell ) and with the media there and everything , I have say that 's a huge risk for the land o’ Lakes brand . Martin nod . Bob lower he head , he 's so embarrassed to be a part of this . ethan and Jill be livid . martin caswell obviously we at land 0 's Lakes share Ms. pickler 's concern , however , we will take you at you word that some - thing like this will not happen at State . you do reject you foster mother 's action , destiny , do not you ? destiny look to Martin and then to Jill . and then she begin to cry . she get up and run out of the room . Jill get up but ethan stop she . ethan let I . ethan follow destiny . Jill fold she arm : I hope you people be happy . hallway — later ethan and destiny sit on plastic chair . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 77 ethan adult can be - they can be unfair sometimes . destiny I be scared . ethan why ? you be amazing . it 's everyone else that should be scared . they 'il see this dumb thing for what it be and then you will win this State thing . I mean , do you know how talented you be ? destiny I be scared that you and miss Jill will not want I anymore . ethan kneel down . her statement be heartbreaking to he . ethan what ? destiny it 's happen before . ethan no. destiny I hear miss Jill . by the garage . ethan consider this . ethan do you know that Jill can not have baby . destiny why ? ethan well , that 's complicated . destiny her vagina 's break ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 78 ethan I guess you could say that . but the adoption people would ask as over and over ' be you sure you do not want a baby ? we can get you a baby . you both have good job , you have a nice house , we can get you a baby . and we make up this whole thing in we head that , like , we want a older child because they always get overlook and we would be do so much to help the world and society and everything . but the truth be that we be scared to have a baby . destiny why ? ethan I do not know . destiny pat he on the shoulder . destiny it 's okay to be scared , I guess destiny stand up . meeting room - Jill be about to blow up the whole thing be so retarded . destiny and ethan enter . martin caswell so. destiny . do you denounce you foster mom 's action ? LAURA ( to destiny ) denounce mean ' reject . 's destiny I know what it mean and no , sir. I will not . I personally would not do something like that because it 's not my thing , but I can not denounce she . she can say and do what she want and that 's nobody 's business but hers . ( beat ) and she 's my mom and I script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 79 destiny ( cont 'd ) love she . Jill and ethan can not believe what they just hear . it be beautiful . martin caswell ( move ) that be very well say , destiny . now Laura be piss again . her plan do not work . martin caswell ( to Nancy ) the company have no problem be represent by destiny . Martin begin to stand up but Laura cut he off . LAURA boyd ? can you come in here , please ? boyd bolton enter and remove he hat . everyone kind of look around : what ? LAURA boyd . tell everyone what you tell I . boyd look around . he seem nervous . boyd on the evening of the 15 '' , Mr. ethan emmit approach I and know I have superior skill in the art of sculpting butter ask if I could help he daughter destiny with she entry for the Johnson County mastery in butter contest . I say no at first but then he offer I five hundred dollar so I snuck in every night and carve she sculpture for she . it be only after I see how distraught the innocent Laura pickler be that I feel the need to come forward . I can no longer bear to live with this horrible blight on my conscience . thank you . boyd look up to Laura , proud . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 80 LAURA well . I think that speak for itself . ethan I have never meet this dude in my life . jill seriously . this be a joke . we be leave . ( look to the crowd ) I mean , c’mon . some of they look away . they be actually buy this crap . jill you guy see she carve it with you own eye . I can not believe I be even argue this . orval Mr. bolton . you swear this be the truth ? boyd , unsure , look to Laura . she nod for he to say , , yes . boyd yes . orval you be responsible for destiny 's work ? boyd yes. orval this destiny . right here ? boyd look to destiny . it register that he 's throw a 12 year old girl under the bus . he look to Laura . her look say it all . boyd yes ? orval I do not know . seem fishy . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 81 Laura stand up . LAURA May I make a suggestion ? the judge give she the go ahead . Jill and ethan be about to rip she head off . LAURA as it 's clear that destiny 's win be in question , I think the only fair solution would be to have a rematch . I vs. destiny . this Saturday . right here at the moose lodge . Jill stand up . jill absolutely not . destiny win on she own , fair and square . what 's wrong with you people ? I can not believe you will let this two - bit trophy wife - this set off a shouting match of accusation and anger amidst everyone except destiny . as it escalate , destiny quietly stand up . destiny I 'il do it . the crowd quiet down . jill destiny - destiny I be in . destiny reach across the table and shake Laura 's hand . destiny 8 hour carve time , all out in the open . official present every minute . pre - approve tool . no verbal contact with the audience . no help . deal ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 82 ethan destiny . you do not have to agree to this . destiny I already beat she once . I do not have a problem do it again . destiny get up , poise and confident , and exit . Jill and ethan follow . Bob look to Laura , embarrassed for she . ext . moose lodge — hallway — later folk have go mostly , but boyd race up to Laura . he 's distraught . boyd Laura . LAURA boyd . boyd she 's only 12 ! LAURA and ? boyd ( whisper ) and black ! Laura look at boyd : you be useless to I now . LAURA thank you for you help , boyd . boyd but - Laura walk away . boyd ( cont ’d ) wait ? when can I see you again ? Laura exit . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 83 boyd ( cont ’d ) Laura ? Laura ? I need to see you . boyd 's get it bad . int . volvo — night Jill drive , with ethan in the passenger seat . destiny be in the back . jill can you believe that bitch ? ethan gill . jill I be sorry . ( to destiny ) you know you can not say ' bitch , 's right ? destiny chuckle . destiny I know . jill eh. just she whole thing — the hair , the dress , that grin — I mean , give I a break . ethan destiny , we still have time to go back there and tell they we do not want to do this - Jill pull into they driveway and abruptly stop the car . she look to ethan . jill be you kid I ? destiny be go to tear that witch apart , be not you destiny ? destiny smile . Jill be officially on board . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library destiny yes , mar ’am . jill good girl . ( beat ) now let 's go . we have a lot of prep work to do . the ‘new family 's exit the volvo and head inside . int . pickler family home — basement — night Laura stand before a un-carve massive block of butter in they basement , in - home butter carve unit . Bob look on . bob this be not gonna 's work , Laura . you be gonna 's need a understructure for something that grand . LAURA then I '11 do a understructure . I be not afraid of hard work . bob you can not learn all this thing , Laura . it 's hard work , sure , but there 's also a art to it . it take year , and even then , some people just can not be a artist . LAURA a artist ? Thomas kinkaide be a artist . celine dion be a artist . you carve butter , Bob . bob it 's not just hard work , Laura . that 's all I be say . LAURA that 's why I have a back - up plan . Bob look at she : what 's that 's suppose to mean ? int . the emmit home — live room — same destiny stand in front of the tv , as if she 's about to give a presentation . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 85 destiny option a ... destiny pull out a yellow , play - doh mock up of a prospective sculpture : a man with a afro smack a woman across the face . destiny ike and Tina Turner ? seat on the couch be ethan , Jill and hayden . the all shake they head : no , no , no . live room — later destiny show the group another mock up : a woman with she head in a guillotine . destiny I call it ' let they eat cake . '' it move . the guillotine fall down and slice off Marie antoinette 's play -doh head . hayden cool . ethan and Jill look to destiny : no. later — everyone be tired and exasperate . the doorbell ring . everyone I will get it . the all jump up . at door — Carol Ann stevenson stand outside hold a tupperware container . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library carol ann I just want to apologize for support that horrible woman and I come to help out in anyway that I can . destiny smile . carol ann and I make my famous peeps lemon meringue piel ! Carol Ann remove the lid of she tupperware dish , revealing a pie , top with melt , year - old Easter peeps . the reaction be not good . live room — later on the couch : Jill , hayden , ethan and Carol Ann . they all shake they head : no ! ( we do not even see destiny this time . ) live room — later same folk on the couch but this time they nod . jill that 's it ! everyone seem to be in agreement ( we do not see she mock - up -) ext . tate high school — track field — day a group of band geek practice in the background . brooke 's car be park behind the bleacher . int . brooke 's car — same kaitlen be in the passenger seat . she 's in a state of post - coital bliss . kaitlen we should get a apartment together . we could move to Des Moines . brooke roll she eye . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 87 brooke so you get the 1200 dollar , right ? kaitlen ( blissful ) or maybe Chicago . I hear you can be who you really be in the big city . brooke be die a thousand death . brooke you be probably gonna 's be late for practice . kaitlen lean back , blissful . kaitlen screw the man . I could stay with you forever . brooke reach over and open kaitlen 's door . she motion for she to get out . kaitlen ok . call I , okay . brooke the money ? kaitlen oh . kaitlen hand brooke the wad of cash . kaitlen call I . we could maybe go furniture shopping later or something , okay ? brooke 's face say it all as she peel out . ext . country day school — same brooke pull out front just as the kid be get out for the day . she spot destiny and honk she horn . brooke hey girl . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 88 destiny hi. brooke hop in . I get something for you . destiny smile and hop in . int . william - sonoma kitchen store — later close - on : a set of very expensive chef' knive laid out on black velvet . they sparkle under the store 's light . we pull back to reveal a clerk show brooke and destiny the showroom quality knife in a Williams - sonoma store ( note : yes , there be one in Iowa . ) brooke ( to clerk ) can you leave we alone for a second ? the clerk nod and walk away . brooke bend down and look destiny in the eye . brooke you see that store over there ? destiny look across the mall to victoria's secret . brooke ( cont ’d ) ( intense ) that 's call Victoria 's secret and with this 1200 dollar I could buy work - clothes like you have never see . destiny where do you work ? brooke pause . brooke a bank . brooke pick up the longest knife and lay it in destiny 's hand , like one samurai to another . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 89 brooke ( cont ’d ) ( intense ) my point be that I be willing to sacrifice 1200 dollar worth of totally cute outfit so that you may enact God 's will here on Earth . and you do that by kick the shit out of Laura pickler 's pasty white ass so hard that she and she hapless husband will never be able to wreak havoc on the poor innocent citizen of Johnson County again . we cool ? destiny thank you . brooke look across the mall one last time , toward a super hot g-string . she 's pain , but push through . brooke you be welcome . brooke stand up , a new woman . later — brooke 's bug leave the mall parking lot , pass a yellow mustang . the mustang park outside Williams sonoma . int . volvo — the next day ethan and destiny drive home from school . ethan tomorrow 's the big day . destiny look out the window . destiny if you do not mind , I need to be alone with my thought right now . ethan look to she : well , okay then . he pull into the driveway . a_ government car with the State seal ( we remember it as the car that pick up destiny from she various foster home earlier , ) be take he spot . ethan furrow he brow . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 90 int . emmit home — kitchen — same Jill sit at the kitchen table with a woman in a beige suit . she stand up when ethan and destiny enter . Jill seem distraught . woman ( shaking ethan 's hand ) danielle mattingly . Iowa Department of human service . have a seat . ethan sit down . danielle look to destiny . danielle ( sweet ) hi destiny . ( to ethan ) it might be best if we have this discussion alone , just grow up . destiny say nothing , but take a seat anyway . jill ( uncharacteristically serious ) destiny , you should go to you room . ethan she can stay . destiny look to Jill . Jill take a deep breath and then nod . danielle so , as I be explain to Jill , we at the dhs believe we have locate destiny 's biological mother . ethan when ? where ? how do we know she 's legit ? danielle we department fully vet claim such as this . we believe Mrs. Washington be destiny 's biological mother . danielle look away . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 91 danielle actually , be . Jill take destiny 's hand . Jill be hold back tear . destiny be unmove . ethan what happen ? danielle I really think this conversation should just be the adult - ethan she can handle it . what happen ? danielle from what we can surmise , on the night of - Jill cut she off . jill destiny . you mother be a wonderful woman who fall on hard time . she be not capable of caring for you but she love you very much nonetheless . destiny be emotionless , at least on the surface . danielle this be she only salvageable possession . danielle pull out a small , tatter photograph , of a woman lie in a hospital bed cradling a newborn . she slide it over to destiny . destiny she 's pretty . danielle yes , she be . destiny can I keep it ? danielle nod . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 92 destiny I might need it tomorrow . destiny stand up and head to she room . int . emmit home — destiny 's room — night the light be low in destiny 's bedroom — almost a glow . destiny sit in front of she mirror . the photograph of she and she mother be wedge in between the glass and the frame . destiny fold she hand as if she 's praying . destiny ( close she eye tight ) hi Mom . it 's I , destiny . you daughter . we probably have not see each other since I be a baby . I do not remember you at all but now that the lady give I you picture I wish I do . I be not sure what you be do all this year but now that you have go to heaven I just want you to know that I forgive you for leave I . I do not really understand it that much but I still forgive you . destiny stand up , then quickly kneel back down . destiny oh , and if you be not do anything tomorrow in heaven , I be fixin’ to kick this mean lady 's ass in the butter competition so come check it out if you can . okay . bye . destiny get up and hop into bed . ext . johnson county moose lodge — the next day insert title card : '' re -match '' the parking lot be packed . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 93 int . moose lodge — same two cooler face each other . each with identical slab of butter . they be roped off which be a good thing because the room be fill with onlooker . destiny , hold the knife set brooke bestow upon she , face Laura . Laura try to psych she out with one of she patent smile , but destiny be not have it : she 's solid . Nancy stand on a crate between then and blows a whistle : it 's on . destiny cooler — destiny unfold the velvet knife set on the floor . she look up and spot brooke , who smile . destiny pull out the longest , shiniest knife and hold it in the light . laura cooler — Laura flip through a yellow legal pad fill with detailed note . she seem confuse , then she spot destiny 's shiny knife : shit ! crowd — even more onlooker file in . from this Pov , we can see destiny have already begin carve she piece . we can not tell what it be yet . Laura be still frantically flipping through she papers . later — even more people have come to check out the competition . destiny 's cooler — her piece be move along . we can make out a figure .. that 's about it . laura cooler — Laura be move along too . it kind of look like a car . maybe a convertible . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 94 MAIN room - hayden dart he eye between both cooler . he 's practically about to explode with drama . he race outside . later — MAIN room — Carol Ann stevenson , hold what look to be a bowl of possibly jell - of , pound on the glass and wave . carol ann ( shouting ) I make you my famous ham , marshmallow jell -o casserole ! destiny , ever polite , smile . laura' cooler — Laura make a wrong cut . a hunk of butter fall to the floor . she pick it up , livid . she then spot Bob outside the cooler and give he the evil eye : this be all you fault . MAIN room — we can now see that more people be crowded around destiny 's cooler than Laura 's . ext . ice cream parlor — same a group of kide sit on they bicycle and eat drippy ice cream cone . hayden pull up on he bike . hayden hey . kid 1 hey . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 95 hayden butter drama down at the moose Lodge . hayden take off on he bike . the other kid look to each other .. then take off too . ext . moose lodge — later the parking lot 's be full for a while but now we can see the road lead to the moose Lodge be bumper to bumper to traffic . hayden and the kid weave through the traffic on they bike . int . moose lodge — same stand room only . the kid make they way past the beer belly and make it to — destiny 's cooler — we only see it from the back , but it 's a figure of some sort , with long incredibly detailed hair . despite the crowd outside , destiny be all focus . laura cooler — Laura 's be not that bad . it 's a little clunky , but we can make out a few people in a convertible . she do not seem that pleased with she work . Bob , outside , give she the ' thumb up . 's Laura look to he , unimpress . later — MAIN hall — close on — a pair of sensible shoe step up onto the milk crate . Nancy sound she whistle . nancy Three . two. one. trowel down ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 96 the crowd cheer . destiny , work up into a artistic frenzy , drop she knife . she 's do . and she 's do it — it 's amazing . destiny 's final sculpture - be simple but lovely . like davinci 's madonna with child painting , she piece be a_ new mother cradling she baby . despite the simple image , the detail be intense . the robe , the eye , the child 's tiny finger — it 's like nothing the crowd have ever see . MAIN hall — the crowd , almost simultaneously , whip they head over to LAURA 's final sculpture — Jackie 0 . crawl to the back of the presidential limo , while she husband 's head be partially blow off . ( from the Zapruder Film ) it 's well do , but completely tasteless . MAIN hall — the crowd stare at she sculpture — speechless . Laura , wear a knock - off pink chanel suit and a pill - box hat , soon sour — it hit she : they hate it . on nancy — she tap into the microphone . nancy thank you for come . please come back tomorrow morning after church where the judge will be view this two - ( look to Laura 's ) - interesting piece for the first time and will announce the winner of the Johnson County mastery in butter competition ! ( beat ) again . as the crowd file out , we close in on Laura , stand there , next to she fuck - up sculpture in she stupid outfit , clutching she cheap purse - watch all she plan slip away . fade out : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 97 ext . moose lodge — night the place be dead . a janitor exit and lock the door behind he . he drive away . int moose lodge — night it 's dark , illuminate only by a few exit sign . the front door jiggle a bit . then a bit harder . finally , it fly open . we see a figure . then footstep . then the door to destiny 's cooler creak OPEN . and then , from outside the cooler , all we see be the hot , blue flame from a créme brulee torch light up destiny 's butter art . close on the face of the child in destiny 's sculpture as it slowly melt away . the flame extinguish . int . moose hall — MAIN room — the next day insert title card - '' final judging '' destiny enter the hall with ethan and Jill , dress in they Sunday best . up ahead , they spot a crowd , include hayden , gather around she piece . hayden look to she , distraught . destiny walk closer , and see she sculpture in the full light of day : the mother be in tact , but the baby 's face be completely melt off . it 's ruin . ethan race up to Nancy . ethan what happen ? nancy we do not know . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 98 hayden sabotage . ethan well , she can have time to fix it , right ? nancy the judge have already begin they deliberation . the rule indicate that no further adjustment can be make once deliberation commence . the judge mill about the cooler . no tell what they be think . ethan c'mon , lady . nancy my name be Nancy and that be the rule . ethan ( finally lose it ) you people be ridiculous . you know what ? it 's butter ! you put it on toast . the government give it away for free ! and newsflash ? it 's bad for you ! yeah , I say it . it clog you artery and make you fat and you be all go to die because of it ! the crowd be so offended there be no word . Jill apologetically escort ethan out of the Main Hall . he need a time out . women 's restroom — Laura stare in the mirror , fix she hair . if it be not Laura , we would think maybe she be a bit nervous . and then , destiny enter . Laura eye she through the mirror . destiny I just want to wish you good luck . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 99 destiny reach out she hand . Laura rebuff she handshake and continue fix she hair . LAURA you know this be all I have . destiny do not know what to say . LAURA ( cont 'd ) you be young . you have you whole life ahead of you . you can do anything . you will not understand but this be it for I . this be all I have . Laura , realize she 's let she guard down , immediately pull it back together and leave . LAURA ( cont 'd ) I hope you be happy with yourself . destiny seem shake . MAIN hall - Nancy be back up on she milk crate , tapping into the microphone . the judge stand behind she . nancy May I have you attention , please ? the judge have reach a decision . and in the distance , we see Laura , hold Bob 's hand , make she way up front . her hair be perfection , she make - up be flawless and she be ready to accept she crown . nancy orval ? orval ( the head judge ) step up onto the milk crate . orval in my year judge this competition , I have see many thing . but only twice have I see true art . the first time be Bob pickler 's truly brilliant Passion of the Christ with garth brook as Jesus . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 100 orval ( cont ’d ) and the second time this morning . when I laid my eye upon a work so tragic , so touch , that it become not just butter carve , but butter art . Laura beam . orval and to be touch yourself , you merely need to look right here , to the sad , melt face of this unlove child . he point to destiny 's piece . orval we winner ... ( look to Laura ) «again , be destiny Washington ! the crowd flip out ! cheer ! the crowd swarm we little destiny , lift she up in the air , but also .. from destiny p.o.v. : Laura be leave all alone . destiny motion for the crowd to let she down and walk over to Laura . the crowd silence . they be watch this little girl get into the water with jaw . destiny ( extend she hand ) I want to thank you . Laura hold it all in . destiny ( cont ’d ) I '' a better competitor because of you . before she can respond , destiny hug Laura . she resist at first — it 's all so foreign to she — but then we see something amazing . there , in the arm of destiny , Laura 's shell finally crack . she close she eye , and - smile . her first real smile in 20 year . LAURA ( v.o ) someone once tell I a story about a man who , at the old age of 65 , find script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 101 LAURA ( v.o. , cont 'd ) himself depressed and penniless . destiny and Laura hug . Laura will not let go . ext . pickler home — driveway a u-haul sit in the driveway . Bob hand a stack of paper to Laura . he will not look she in the eye . Carol Ann stevenson wait in the passenger seat of the u- haul , uncomfortable . LAURA ( v.o. , cont ’d ) but he be a excellent chef . he go from restaurant to restaurant pedale he recipe , hope to split the profit . he be reject not once , not twice , but a thousand and eight time . Laura sign she name on the last paper and hand it to bob. int . rosies ii strip club — same kaitlen , with short , spiky hair , sit in the back of the club watch brooke do she act . LAURA ( v.o. , cont ’d ) the old man 's family no longer support he . a man put a dollar in brooke 's g-string . kaitlen ( stand up , livid ) get away from she you fat misogynist pig ! brooke look to kaitlen : get out of here ! ext . johnson county water treatment facility — night boyd bolton hold the créme brulee torch in he hand . LAURA ( v.o. , cont ’d ) his friend abandon he too . boyd kiss the créme brulee torch and then throws it into the waste treatment pond . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 102 boyd I will always love you , Laura pickler . the créme brulee torch bob along the nasty surface of the water . int . pickler home — later Laura stare at herself in the mirror . she seem less severe , a bit more relaxed . LAURA ( v.o. , cont ’d ) most people would have give up under that condition . Laura smile at herself in the mirror . ext . highway — later Laura drive she suburban . she speak to five kide with special need . LAURA but not this man . this man finally sell he recipe to the one thousand and ninth restaurant he visit - he secret recipe . the kid be hang off every word of she story . int . community pool — day the five kid with special need , wear camp butter swimming cap , swim the backstroke . LAURA ( v.o. , cont ’d ) and we know that old man today ... as Colonel Sanders of the world famous kentucky fry Chicken . so my point be , that I suppose it be okay to lose every once in a while . Laura cheer on the Camp butter kid as they race against each other . int . kentucky fried chicken — later Laura , dining with the kid from Camp butter , eat a drumstick . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 103 LAURA ( v.o. ) and I have one person to thank for teach I that - Laura wipe fry chicken from she mouth with a wet -nap . LAURA ( v.o. , cont ’d ) - destiny . please , she round up the kid and exit , a new woman . ext . iowa corn field — day destiny ride she bike past another vast cornfield . destiny ( v.0 . ) unfortunately , I do not win State ... int . pioneer hall — iowa state fair - state destiny hold up a red second place ribbon . she stand next to ned eaton , who hold a blue ribbon . destiny ( v.o. ) I come in second . but that 's okay . second place be pretty good . int . emmit house — christmas Jill , ethan , hayden , and destiny eat a big Christmas dinner . jill hayden , would you like to start we off with a Christmas carol ? hayden no thank you , I be celebrate kwanzaa this year . hayden put a afro-centric crown on he head . destiny ( v.o. ) oh , and miss Jill and Mr. ethan adopt I which be nice because I be kind of get tired of move . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 104 destiny 's bedroom — her suitcase be wedge way , way in the back of she closet . she have not use it in awhile . ext . cornfield — day destiny and hayden ride they bike through the cornfield and past another cow . as they ride out of frame , we stay with the cow . we get closer . and closer . and closer . the cow look at we , think she deep , deep cow thought until we fade out . the end script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library