< !-- if ( window ! = top ) top.location.href=location.href / / --> the bijou ( the majestic ) by Michael sloane the bijou by Michael sloane revised draft October 14 , 1997 " ... the magic be all around you . all the time . everywhere . in every thing . the trick ... be to see it . " in black ... ... the insistent , persistent , eight - to - the - bar beat of boogie -woogie . hot , exciting , pulsate rhythm , ramping up . then ... ... in the blackness , fall s-l - o- with - l-y , tumble g-e-n-t-l -y , a picture - postcard : " greeting from hollywood ! " then another ... and another , each one drop through frame , a gentle rain . in this old postcard , Hollywood be a dream town where movie star glide out of big car to press they hand - and - footprint in the wet cement . another postcard : " i'm meeting the star at hollywood & vine ! " in this postcard myth , you would toddle down to Hollywood and vine , bump into bogie and bacall , and join they for dinner at the Brown derby . or ciro 's . or the coconut Grove ... more postcard . picture of movie theater , but not the one that you and I know today . this be palace . temple . grauman 's chinese and egyptian . the carthay Circle . the paramount , the million dollar . from a time when moviego be a complete experience , not a trip to the local mall . the usher be friendly and helpful and wear gold brocade jacket and guide you to you seat . the popcorn be hot and fresh and butter with real butter , not 30 - weight motor oil . CUT to : the pile of postcard a wild jumble . then , one last postcard drop lazily on top of the pile . it 's a view of Hollywood at night , a carpet of light under the yawn , protective smile of mt. Lee 's most famous resident , the fully - light hollywood sign . we push into the picture of the sign , dissolving until we're ... ... pushing into the real hollywood sign , closer and closer , until we fly right through it -- then crazily loop up and behind it until we be look down at ... ext . hollywood ( aerial view ) - night super title : 1951 a gigantic aerial shot . postwar auto fill the muggy midsummer evening air with the sound of thousand of honking horn , a mere precursor to the traffic yet to come . darken outly neighborhood be evidence of the postwar home construction boom , as score of stucco bungalow be be build in the area surround the beat heart of the town , a swath of garishly bright concrete call hollywood boulevard . pete' narration ( v.o . ) of course , it 's not like the postcard say it be . this be what it 's like . I be Pete appleton , and this be my town . still in the same shot , we rocket down into the center of the intersection of Hollywood and vine , then head west along the boulevard , skim just above the traffic -- past musso and Frank 's Grill and the Hollywood canteen , past the egyptian theater and a rumbling Pacific electric Red car , across highland Avenue , past the paramount theater , and across the street to grauman' chinese theater . pete' narration ( v.o . ) bear and raise here , thank you very much . sometimes , it seem like everyone here be from somewhere else . but everyone love the movie , so Hollywood be everyone 's town , and they come here by the busload . to they , grauman 's chinese theater be just about the most exciting place on the planet . to I , it 's the theater that 's play " the African Queen . " and like the man say , the film on the marquee be " the african queen . " still the same shot , bus disgorge tourist , who move into the forecourt of the theater . the men doff they hat and mop they brow . the women pull they blouse away from they chest , fan themselves with movie-star map as they marvel at the sign cement block . we move among they , until we pick up a couple , and we stay behind they as they work they way through the crowd , on they way to the theater entrance , where a ornately attire doorman smile and tear they ticket . doorman newsreel 's just start , folk . pete' narration ( v.o . ) that 's I and my girlfriend . her name be Sandra sinclair , and this be she town , too -- she 's from Cleveland . she come out here to be a actress , and that 's just what she 's do . the first picture I ever write , a little potboiler call " Sand Pirates of the sahara . " okay , it be not " citizen kane , " but you gotta start somewhere . moving into the lobby a explosion of glitz mix with chinese myth and legend . everywhere you look , it 's red and orange and plush carpete and golden light . we move through the lobby , still in the same shot , still tracking the couple , head for the auditorium door , which be sweep open by two ramrod - erect usher and we move into the darkened theater . as the couple , Pete and Sandra , find seat , we hear the soundtrack of the film before we see the screen , the unmistakable strain of a march , and then -- still in the same shot -- we see the screen ... a newsreel . as the march swell to a crescendo , we hear the newsreel announcer's sonorous voice : newsreel announcer bring the news of the world to you ! over a newsreel shot of a pack congressional Committee hear room , a title blare " hollywood reds go to jail ! " newsreel announcer four year ago , in one of filmland 's darkest hour , ten man , the so-called " Hollywood ten , " be call to testify before the House Committee of un-american activity , investigate the proliferation of the dread Red menace in Hollywood . we see several shot of witness engage in heat verbal battle with congressman , especially Committee Chairman T. johnston doyle and the majority counsel , elvin clyde . newsreel announcer refuse to answer the lawmaker 's question , cower behind the fifth amendment 's protection against self - incrimination , the ten motion picture writer dare Congress to come after they . well , come after they they do ! and after year of court wrangle , it 's now time to pay the piper ! over shot of several of the " Hollywood ten " be lead to jail in handcuffs , the newsreel narration continue . newsreel announcer and so , it 's off to jail , the charge : contempt of Congress ! this should give you fella something to write about now ! a new round of investigation begin this fall , the mandate : get the red out of Hollywood ! in the audience , one man yell " lock up the commie bastard ! , " and a few other cheer and laugh . as the newsreel move on to a somewhat more innocuous subject , we wheel around and ... endframe on pete appleton and sandra sinclair . Pete 's a handsome fellow in he 30 , and Sandra 's a starlet pretty girl in she mid-20 . as she rummages in she purse , Pete watch the newsreel . sandra Pete , there 's time before the picture start , you want to get some popcorn ? pete you bet , honey . Pete kiss Sandra on the cheek , then stand and sprint up the aisle to the concession stand , a big unworry grin on he face . pete' narration ( v.o . ) we be young , we be in love , and we be work in picture . life ... be good . dissolve to : ext . UNITED picture studio - MAIN gate - morning Pete pull up to the guard kiosk in he spiffy yellow convertible plymouth . the Guard , ray , step out to meet he . Pete light up a cigarette . we get a better sense of he now . though earnest , he 's jocular , and a bit of a fast talker . pete ( very chipper ) mornin ' , Ray . whaddya know whaddya say ? I and Sandra catch " the African Queen " at the chinese last night . great picture , great picture . Ray be nonpluss . tip he hat . regards Pete suspiciously . ray Mr. appleton . pete what 's with this " Mr. appleton " crap ? you boss hide in there ? ray you be clear to go in . pete what 's that mean ? Ray head back to he kiosk , shaking he head . ray have a pleasant day . Pete , cover he worry well , drive onto the lot . ext . UNITED picture studio - writer' build - morning Pete pull up , hop out , grind out he cigarette , look around and go inside . int . writer' build hallway - morning Pete come down the hall a few step , stop . something 's wrong . it 's awfully quiet . he poke he head into the door mark " typing pool . " int . typing pool - morning a sea of black underwood -- all silent . the light in the room be off , and hard shaft of morning sun stream in through the window . one typist , louise , be go from machine to machine , pull cover over they . pete Louise ... what give ? she look up , startle . louise oh Pete ... they , uh , they give everybody the day off ... while they sort thing out . pete sort what out ? be my page do ? louise they take them . pete they take them ? who take them ? Louise , what 's go on ... louise Pete , I be not even suppose to be talk to you ... she rush past he . Pete do not quite know what to think . man' voice ( o.s. ) good morning , Peter . Pete turn . the voice belong to Pete 's agent , leo kubelsky , a rotund man in he fifty . he wear a perfectly tailore silk suit . pete Leo ... what 's go on ? CUT to : ext . studio STREET - day from far away , we watch as Leo and Pete come out of the writer 's Building and join a flood of dress extras , all do up in puritan pilgrim garb and head for the commissary . as they move through the mob and emerge on the other side , it 's clear that Pete be reeling from something he 's just be tell . pete and leo leo Peter , they hand be tie . you see that , do not you ? pete I ... I do not believe this . leo be you say it 's a mistake , that you do not go to any meeting ? they say you do . pete who the hell be this " they ? " leo Congress , the FBI , Red channel , it do not matter who the hell " they " be . " they " know who " they " be , that 's all that matter . ( deliberately ) now , do you go to any meeting ? pete ( on the spot ) no. yeah ... I ... I do not know . maybe I do . Leo , this be before Pearl Harbor . I be in college . it be a bunch of kid , and I be just one of them . I do not believe in what they be say . Hell , I do not even know what they be say ! leo so , you be say that it 's true . you go to a meeting of a know communist organization . pete Leo , I be try to impress a skirt . you know I , I be non - political . Republican , Democrat , Communist , there 's not a dime 's worth of difference between them anyway . leo you should watch what you say . pete I do not know who finger I , but I be not a communist ! leo kid , that cut no ice with they . pete ( frustrated ) what ? that I be accuse of be a communist when I do not happen to be one ? leo they know you be at that meeting , Peter . they have be tell , and they know . pete Leo , you be my agent . tell " they " to take a flyin ' piss . I do not do anything wrong . I fight in the war , for crissake ! leo fought ? come on , Pete , you run the px at Fort dix . pete I be decorate . leo I know . a purple heart . pete exactly . leo you break you arm . you be come out of a bar . you be drunk . pete at least I be on we side ! look , they want I to testify ? I will testify . I will tell them anything they want to hear ! Jesus , Leo , this be my career ! leo you can not testify . pete why not ? Leo take a gold cigarette care from he breast pocket , offer a cigarette to Pete and take one for himself . leo do not take this personally , kid . if it be up to I , I would have you testify wear you uniform and you medal , wrap in a flag with one hand on you heart and the other hand on a bible . what can I say ? I like you . Leo light Pete 's cigarette and he own . put a fatherly hand on he shoulder . leo they do not want you to testify because you be not a big enough fish for they . they just do not want you write picture for now . that 's all . pete ( under he breath ) yeah , well , that 's enough . leo Peter , I believe in you . more to the point , I read you new script ... um ... pete " ash to ash ? " leo that 's the one , " ash to ash . " I think it 's great . but it will never get make with this communist business hang over you head . you can not work until you be clear -- and believe I , start right now , I be gonna do everything I can to make that happen . pete so , it be a blacklist . leo ( defensive ) do not say that . there be no such thing as a blacklist . ( calm ) now , be you gonna play ball ? pete ( sullenly ) yes . ( then , piss ) Leo , goddammit ... this be not fair ! Leo blow out a thin stream of smoke . leo ( hand on Pete 's shoulder ) kid , this be the United States government we be talkin ' about . Fair be not the point . CUT to : int . writer' build / pete' office - day prominent on the wall be a frame " sand pirate of the sahara " poster . Pete reach up and take it down . he lean it up against the desk , then sit heavily in the wooden swivel chair . he swivel around to see a studio security guard stand by the door . he 's watch Pete 's every move . two box sit on the desk , partially pack with Pete 's belonging . Pete light a cigarette and open the lower desk drawer . he pull out a stack of script and set they on the desk . he look at the cover of the first one : " sand pirate of the sahara " by Peter appleton a United picture production February 19 , 1951 Pete shuffles the script and look at the cover of the second one : " ash to ash " by Peter appleton he jam the script into one box and turn to the other box , which contain somewhat more personal item . a rag gold pillow with tassel . legal pad of note . a old tin-toy fire truck , its bright red paint chip and wear . he turn it around in he hand . pete ( muse ) huh. Red ... footstep approach , and Pete swivel toward the door . sandra ( o.s. ) Pete ? Pete ...? Sandra appear in the doorway . she 's in costume -- a Louis xiv courtier . she bustles past the Guard , rush to Pete and embrace he . sandra oh , Pete ... they kiss . the Guard watch they every move . sandra what happen ? pete what exactly do you hear ? sandra that you get let go . pete I be not alone . be not frankie ruskin direct the picture you be in ? sandra he be , but he get sick . we get a new director today . why ? pete well , whatever frankie 's get , it 's catch . sandra you mean , he be ... let go , too ? pete ( sotto , a appeal ) they be say I be a communist , Sandy . but I be not , you know that . I be gonna fight them , and I be gonna win , but I will need you help . during this last , Sandra have be ever- so-slightly pull away from Pete . pete a lot of good people be be accuse of thing they do not do . Hell , even if I be a communist , this be America , goddammit , a person should be able to be whatever they want to be ! right ? Sandra glance at the Guard , who be watch everything . sandra ( nervously ) of course , but I ... I do not know how I ... how much help I can be to you . this be the sort of thing ... someone say you be a communist ... it can ruin you career . Pete see where this be go . she 's edging toward the door . pete will you help I , Sandy ? sandra I will have to think about this . I have to get back ... I should go ... and she 's out the door and go in the blink of a eye . Pete look at the Guard . pete so nice to be a pariah . the Guard turn away . Pete move back toward the box . rummaging again , he come up with a bottle of Jack Daniels with barely one swig leave . he regards the bottle for a moment , look to see if the Guard be watch ( he be not ) , pop the cork , put it to he lip and drain it . he look at it thoughtfully as we CUT to : a half -full bottle of jack daniel set down on a bartop . wider int . the frolic room - night the bottle be in front of Pete , who sit at the bar , quietly get stew . the frolic room be a classic Hollywood dive , dimly light and full of character and character . it 's a quiet night and get quieter , as several patron be just leave , wave goodbye to the bartender , jerry , early 40s . Jerry turn to Pete , eye he suspiciously from the end of the bar . Pete pick up the bottle and pour another shot . good boy , he get most of it in the glass . jerry Pete . you think maybe you have have enough ? pete buy the bottle , do not I ? ( raise the shot ) to the United States of America . Long my she wave . he knock it back and Jerry pour he another . pete ( try to light a smoke ) thanks , Jerry . tell I something . jerry what . pete you tight with J. Edgar Hoover ? jerry ( help Pete light he cigarette ) the G-man ? pete ( thickly ) Zackly . jerry Pete , if J. Edgar Hoover walk in here wear a dress , I would not know he . pete too bad . he say I be a communist . jerry ( glance around ) you should watch what you say . you do not know who 's listen . pete you know I be not a communist , do not you , jer ? jerry sure , I suppose . that why you be on a bender ? pete this be not a bender yet . this be the start of a bender . but I can see how you be confuse , they look a lot alike . Pete drain he shotglass , put it back on the bar . he watch Jerry , who be not about to refill it . Pete reach for the bottle , but Jerry be faster . jerry Pete ... go home . come on , I will call that girlfriend of yours , what 's she name ... Sandy ? pete ( laugh ) Sandra sinclair . jerry gimmee she number , I will have she pick you up . pete Sandra sinclair . wanna know she real name ? Bella iskowitz . no one 's who they really be , jer . everyone 's someone else . even you . even I . especially I . I be Peter appleton , the communist who 's not really a communist . jerry I wanna close up soon . c'mon , let 's call she . Peter stand , stub out he smoke , drop a few crumpled bill on the bar and grab he hat . pete nope. can not . we be through . jerry then I will call you a cab . pete I will save you the trouble . ( beat ) I be a cab . there . do it myself . Pete 's preoccupy with put on he hat and get he car key out of he coat pocket , a daunt task in he condition . pete ' side , car 's right outside . I will be seein ' ya , jer . jerry Pete ... and he 's out the door . ext . frolic room - night Pete take a few step , stumble , stop , take a deep breath , then totter briskly towards he car . he haul the door open and sit inside heavily . int . / ext . pete' car - night sitting slump against the steering wheel , Pete look as though he could fall asleep right there , which would probably be a good idea . pete ( mumble ) drive . drive . bad idea . too drunk to drive . he look at he watch . pete one-thirty . huh ! early . can not go home yet . he turn the key and hit the starter . the engine hum to life . Pete sit up , open he eye wide , shake off the haze and put the car in gear . the plymouth lurch forward a few yard , screech to a halt and stall . pete oops . he re-start the car , put it in gear , and pull away and down the desert boulevard . dissolve to : ext . santa monica beach , amusement pier - night the full moon be low over the ocean . Pete 's car be park at the edge of the sand , the water fifty yard away . the ferris wheel and the roller coaster of the amusement pier be dark and eerie silhouettes , light only by moonlight . Pete be asleep in the driver 's seat , head tilt back , he hat cover he face , snore . the wave crash against the piling and startle Pete awake . pete huh ? whatsa ... instantly , he grab he head . pete' narration ( v.o . ) I have no idea how I get to Santa monica , but it certainly be a good idea . I do not think I could have face the headache I have alone in my apartment . at least I have the ocean air . Pete take a deep breath ... and start cough . he get out he cigarettes and light up . he take a puff and glance at he watch . pete' narration ( v.o . ) Three forty - five . I have only be there for a couple of hour at most . Truth be tell , I be still fairly drunk . he start the car and head for the highway . pete' narration ( v.o . ) I would head north until the sun come up or I run out of gas , whichever come first . dissolve to : ext . pacific coast highway - night Pete drive along the moonlit two - lane blacktop . wave crash to the shore below the roadway . int . / ext . pete' car ( drive ) - night Pete be finally relaxed . he take off he hat and jam it down in the back seat . he take a deep breath -- with the wind in he hair , a smile grow on he face and he seem at peace . he glance down at the speedometer -- then at the fuel gauge . insert - fuel gauge pin on " empty . " pete shit . pete' narration ( v.o . ) guess which come first . he scan the road ahead -- nothing . glance to he right . pete' Pov the light of a small town can be see off in the distance . Pete veer the car off the highway and make the turn that will take he toward the light . he pass a hand - paint sign that give he hope : " gas - 1 MI . " CUT to : ext . rory' gas station - night Pete 's car roll up and stop . there 's a light on the sign and another in the station 's window , but the place be desert . pete' narration ( v.o . ) I should have know better than to think that a service station in the stick would be open at this hour , but it be not like I have a lot of choice . Pete look ahead toward the town . its few light twinkle in the distance . pete' narration ( v.o . ) what the hell . at least there would be a diner open in a couple of hour . I would get some pie and coffee , and then I could worry about the gas . Pete pull out onto the road . ext . road - night Pete 's car trundle along , blow past a hand - paint roadside sign which read : slow ! narrow bridge - single lane - no guardrail use caution ! int . / ext . pete' car ( drive ) - night Pete 's headlight catch a glimpse of another sign , read " lawson wash , " just in front of a small wooden auto bridge . barely reduce he speed , Pete head onto the bridge ... he Pov - through the windshield ... he headlight pick up the glow eye of a hapless possum ... Pete swerve to avoid the animal , and a wheel drop off the edge ... ext . bridge - night ... and the plymouth careen over the side of the bridge and into the rapidly - move water below ! ext . underwater - night the water be flow very quickly , and the current be intense . Pete pull himself out of the driver 's seat ( thankfully , it 's a convertible ) and swim over the windshield . but ... he leave sleeve be catch on the door handle . nearly out of breath and panic , Pete shuck off the jacket and head for the surface . ext . the wash - night Pete break the surface and gasp for air . his fight be not over yet , as the current be pull he rapidly downstream . he swim with all he might toward the far bank . ext . far bank of the wash - night drain , Pete pull himself out of the water and stagger to he foot . pete ( gasp ) oh my god ! I do not believe ... oh my god ... he stumble along backwards a couple of step ... and he heel hit a rock ... Pete fall backward -- and he head strike a glance blow on another rock . he roll down the bank , unconscious , and land face down in the mud . CUT to black . in black , we slowly become aware of a panting , breathe sound -- the sound of a dog ... fade in : on a dog's face a yellow labrador , full frame . it take a couple more sniff , then start lick furiously . old man' voice ( o.s. ) maggie , whatcha get there ? huh , girl ? whatcha find ? ext . far bank of the wash - dawn Pete be still lay face down on the bank , be fervently lick in the face by the dog . on the old man a no - nonsense sort in he late - 60 , he wear overall and a old railroad cap . he come down to Pete , and use he walk stick , poke he in the side . old man mister , who be ya ? my dog like you , but that do not mean much , she like skunk , too . sweet n'stupid , that 's why I keep she . Pete blink up at the Old man , he mouth gape open . old man mister , you okay ? you look wet . you in a accident or somethin' ? pete I ... I do not know . he sit up , and the Old man get a look at he head , which be cake with mud and blood on one side . old man you best come with I . can ya walk ? pete I ... yes , I think so . he stand up shakily . the Old man give Pete a hand . old man come on , we will have the Doc look you over . pete my head hurt . old man I should not be surprise . you smell like that be quite a night before you have there . ( to the dog ) maggie ! let 's go now ! and they head toward the road to town . booming up , we see they pass a roadside sign : on the sign : welcome to lawson , california EST . 1869 elev . 275 pop . 1755 the town that give its all old man ( stanton ) name 's stanton lawson . my ancestor found this town . pete ancestor ? stanton actually , my grandpap . but " ancestor " sound better , do not it ? ( hand Pete a handkerchief ) here . Pete take the handkerchief and wipe the mud and some of the blood off he face . pete I suppose . thanks . stanton you look familiar , fella . what 's you name ? Pete stop , think for a moment . pete I be ... I ... I honestly do not know . CUT to : ext . commerce STREET - lawson , california - day Pete and stanton walk along commerce Street , the main drag through the center of the small town . lawson be a bit run down , creep inexorably toward decrepit . despite that , there 's a timeless quality to the small building , a familiar all - american feel . several of the people walk along the street take notice of Pete and nod to stanton , who nod back . pete they all know you ? stanton ' course they all know I . and I know all they . town 's get my name , do not it ? they pass the window of the drug store , cole's pharmacy . Pete look down and see two fade gold star in the window with two fade photo , all deck in tatter black crepe . two boy , no more than 18 and 19 , who go off to war and do not come back . stanton note Pete stop to look at the star and photo . stanton Ernie Cole here just get himself elect mayor . lose both he boy in the war . Kenny at anzio and Willie at normandy . pete ( think ) the war ... stanton ( point across the street ) mabel over there at the diner lose she husband Max . Okinawa , I believe . angle - mabel' diner a typical small - town greasy spoon -- with one fade star prominent in the window . closer on mabel lanier , a sweet - face woman in she 30 . she stare vacantly into space , she reverie break by a customer need a coffee refill . stanton all tell , this little town give sixty - two of its finest to the war . seventeen of them at normandy alone . more and its share , I should say . get we a letter from President Truman . City council commission a war memorial . be sittin ' in the basement of city hall this six year . town never have the heart to put it up . place just have not be the same since the war . stanton and pete Pete look longingly toward the diner . stanton take note . stanton you hungry , son ? pete yes. very . stanton get any money ? Pete rummages in he pants pocket , and come up with three quarter . stanton six bit . more and enough to buy some breakfast . c'mon . and they head across the street . CUT to : a plate with two piece of apple pie a fork come into frame and tear into one of the slice . wider int . mabel' diner - day Pete be fairly shoveling the pie into he mouth , pause only to wash it down with gulp of coffee . mabel stand nearby , watch in amazement as she pie be consume in record time . Pete notice that stanton and mabel -- and the other patron , for that matter -- be watch he feed frenzy . he stop in he track , and start chew leisurely . he smile at mabel . pete ( mouth full ) pie 's ... good . mabel ( wryly ) like you could tell . ( to stanton ) where would you find he ? stanton down by the wash . mabel we gotta put a rail on that thing before someone else get kill . ( to Pete ) Three people have die there , mister . you be lucky to be alive . pete ( drain the coffee cup ) thanks . more coffee ? mabel oblige . as she pour the coffee , she look at Pete . mabel you know , you look familiar . you ever be in here before ? Pete shake he head . stanton he do not remember who he be , mabel . gonna take he to the Doc , as soon as he get in . mabel ( distractedly ) Doc should be in for he coffee and bear claw any minute ... ( to Pete ) you sure you never be in here ? Pete look up at mabel and smile winningly . pete I would remember this pie . mabel , thoroughly charme , smile back at Pete . mabel ( patting he hand ) I will just get you another piece . ext . commerce STREET - day a stoop -shoulder little man in he late 60 , harry trumbo shamble along the street , head for mabel 's diner . there 's a sadness about Harry , the world - weary melancholy of a man who have little to smile about because he have little to care about . after a couple of step , he 's meet up by doc BEN lardner , a vigorous man in he 5as . he come up behind Harry and clap he on the back . lardner ' mornin ' Harry . Fine day , be not it ? harry Morning , doc. yes , yes it look just fine . lardner plenty to do today ? harry ( vaguely ) oh , yes , plenty . plenty . they be at the door of the diner . Doc open it for Harry . lardner after you . int . mabel' diner - day lardner come over to mabel , who hand he a tall paper cup of coffee and bag he a bear claw . lardner mornin ' mabel , Stan . mabel mornin ' Doc . get some new business for you today . lardner and Pete make eye contact , and the doctor notice the bump on he head . lardner hello , son . how would that happen ? stanton he do not know . and he do not know he name , neither . found he down by the wash . lardner you would better come with I , son . ( to mabel , indicate the coffee and danish ) on my tab ? mabel you bet . lardner , stanton and Pete rise and move to the door . Pete turn back , take the three quarter out of he pocket , and put they on the counter , smile brightly at mabel . pete thanks . great pie . mabel ( blush ) you be welcome . come again . on harry seat at the opposite end of the counter . he glance up at Pete . harry Pov as Pete smile at mabel and turn to go . on harry his mouth fall open , he hand move to cover it . he 's just see a ghost ... harry Pov - slow motion ... ... as the three man pass by the diner 's window . close - harry harry ( wide eye ) sweet Jesus ... CUT to : a finger -- move left-to-right , right - to - leave through space . lardner' voice follow my finger . just use you eye . that 's it . good . wider int . examination room - day Doc lardner be check Pete 's eye . Pete sit on a examination table , he shirt off , he head freshly bandage . stanton lurk in the corner , maggie curl at he foot . stanton he be pass out cold . maggie wake ' im . lardner uh-huh . he look familiar . ( to Pete ) open you mouth . say " ah . " Pete do . lardner have a look as stanton pull out a pocket watch . stanton Said as much myself , doc. can not place he , though . to look at he , you would think the cheese sly off he cracker . ( look at he watch ) well , morning 's half - over . I be off . pete thank you , Mr. lawson . stanton do not mention it . whoever - you-are . stanton and maggie exit . lardner check Pete 's ear . lardner any idea how you get here , son ? pete no , sir . lardner sniff he . lardner be drinkin ' a bit , have we ? pete I do not remember . I guess so . smell like it . ( smack he lip and frown ) tastes like it . lardner well , you have be wet to the skin . you must have fall in . pete I guess I do . lardner lucky you get out , that water 's get quite a pull , and it empty straight into the ocean . lardner take a shirt off he counter and hand it to Pete . lardner here , one of mine . pete thanks . Pete put on the shirt . lardner do you remember if you be drive a car ? maybe you go over the bridge . no guard rail there , it 's easy to do . it 's happen before . pete it 's possible . I just do not remember . lardner and you do not know you name or who you be , that right ? pete ( frustrated ) I ... no , I ... I just can not ... lardner ( gently ) it 's okay , son . we just need to call you something . that 's all . Pete stifles a laugh . lardner what be it ? pete call I ... ishmael ? lardner well , at least you remember " moby Dick . " CUT to : int . doc lardner' private office - day lardner be on the phone , sip he coffee and nibble he bear claw . Pete be stand , nose around the office -- diploma , photograph , knick -knack . he zero in on one photo in particular . on the photo one of lardner and a beautiful young woman . they have be fishing , and the young woman display a much larger catch than lardner . lardner ( into phone ) stanton find he by the wash . not hurt too bad , but he take a nasty bump on the head and he can not remember who he be . we both think he look familiar , but we can not place he . you bet . he will be here . lardner hang up and watch Pete look at the picture . lardner that 's I and my daughter Adele . my pride and joy . charm the fish right out of the lake , she do . pete she 's very pretty . lardner thanks . well , sheriff 's on he way over , and maybe we can get to the bottom of who you be ... lardner stare at he . Pete take note , turn toward he . lardner ... sorry ' bout that , but you do look familiar to I . pete wish I could say the same thing . CUT to : ext . doc lardner' office - day the sheriff 's sedan pull up to the office and sheriff cecil eldridge , 45 , get out . as he get a few step from the door , Harry trumbo jump out from around the side of the building and stop he . harry ( excited ) cecil ! cecil , there 's a young man in there ... eldridge ( startle ) Lord love a duck , Harry , you wanna give I a heart attack right in front of the doctor 's office ? harry listen to I ! the young man in there ... eldridge keep move to the door . eldridge ( interrupt ) Stan lawson find he unconscious by the wash this morning , and I be here to investigate , and if we find anything interesting , it will be in the paper , so why do not you just ... Harry jump in front of eldridge and grab he by the shoulder . harry cecil , listen to I ! the sheriff stop . harry ( breathless ) it 's luke . CUT to : int . doc lardner' private office - day sheriff eldridge be seat across from Pete . he 's stare at he intently . silence . eldridge no wallet , huh ? lardner no identification at all . ( beat ) what be you thinkin ' , cecil ? eldridge what I be thinkin ' be we get we one a'two thing here . a mystery or a damn miracle . and by god I can not tell which . ( to Pete ) Boy , you say you have no idea who you be ? that right ? pete yes . eldridge you ever be in this town before , to you knowledge ? pete no. but ... eldridge but what ? pete well , this place sorta remind I of something . eldridge what 's that ? pete " it 's a wonderful life . " eldridge the Jimmy Stewart picture ? I remember that one . saw it over at the bijou . so , you remember that , huh ? pete " it 's a wonderful life ? " eldridge or the bijou . either one . pete I remember the picture ... but I do not remember where I see it . the sheriff rise and cross to the door . eldridge Doc , with you permission , I want to bring someone in here . maybe it will jar this young man 's memory . lardner by all mean . eldridge open the door . eldridge ( to someone offscreen ) Harry , why do not you come on in here . Harry enter the office , doff he hat , revealing a full head of snow - white hair . he nod to eldridge and lardner , and slowly turn to face Pete . he look closer ... and closer . hesitantly , he take a couple of step towards Pete , who slowly rise out of he chair to meet the old man 's gaze . finally , they be stand practically toe-to-toe . pete look a bit puzzle , but the old man have such a sweet face ... harry have tear form in he eye . a smile turn up the corner of he mouth , and quickly light up he whole face . lardner ( softly , to eldridge ) be you say that he 's ... eldridge ( smile broadly ) shhhhhh . Harry take Pete in he arm and hug he tightly , bury he face in Pete 's shoulder and sobbing . harry I know all along . I know you be alive ! oh , luke ... Pete do not quite know what to think . he clearly have no idea who this old man be . lardner ( mouth agape in disbelief ) mother o'go ... eldridge ( to Pete ) give the man a hug , boy ! that 's you father ! Pete look at Harry . it 's not so much that he remember anything -- he 's sweep up in the moment . pete my father ...? Pete wrap he arm around Harry and hug he tightly , glance over at eldridge and lardner who look on goofily , fight back tear . they smile at Pete , who smile back tentatively . CUT to : ext . doc lardner' office - day Harry , Pete , eldridge and lardner come outside . eldridge c'mon , I will give you two a lift back to the bijou . pete the bijou ? lardner that 's where you live . pete we live in a theater ? harry only one in town . ( he open the car door for Pete ) get in , son . eldridge ( sotto , to lardner ) Ben , when 's delly due back ? lardner ( sotto ) tomorrow afternoon ... ( seize by a think ) ... oh my god ... eldridge ( sotto ) exactly . break it to she gently . eldridge and Harry get in the car . lardner come over to Pete 's back seat window . lardner get plenty of rest , luke . you take a pretty big wallop there . he turn to move away , then turn back . lardner good to have you back . eldridge start the car and they drive away . ( note : henceforth , " pete " will be know as " luke . " it will be easier to keep track of thing , since everyone 's now call he luke , anyway . trust I . ) CUT to : int . eldridge's car ( drive ) - day Harry sit next to the sheriff , and luke have the back seat all to himself . he lean forward toward the front seat and tap Harry on the shoulder . luke Excuse I ... what 's you , um , you name ? harry Harry , son . Harry . luke and ... what 's my name again ? harry Albert Lucas trumbo . but you have be " luke " since you be a baby . luke ah. ( take it for a spin ) luke . luke . I like it . luke look at the town as they drive down commerce Street . he Pov shop be open for business , townspeople be go about they life . a few stop and watch as the sheriff 's car go by . luke how long have I be go ? eldridge look at Harry , who stare ahead . luke how long ? pause . the silence be too thick , and Harry have to answer . he turn around in he seat and face luke . harry ( gently ) you never come back from the war . we be tell you be miss and presume dead . luke when do I leave ? harry you join up one month to the day after Pearl Harbor . January seventh ... nineteen forty -two . luke sit back against the back seat and let this sink in . harry nine and - a-half year ago . luke nine and - a-half year ... eldridge comin ' up on the bijou , gent . ext . in front of the bijou - day eldridge 's car round the corner , pull up and stop . eldridge here we be . harry well , son , you be home ! luke peer across the street ... he mouth gape open ... he Pov - the bijou . the bijou be a decaye , dada -esque , grab - bag of building style . it 's as though the architect take random part of a chinese temple , a mosque , a pagoda , a sphinx , a symphony hall and a slaughterhouse , put they in a bag , give it a good shake , toss the content out onto a blueprint and promptly build the result . as a matter of fact , if you do not know that the place be " the bijou , " you would probably wonder what the cryptic message " he B J U " be try to convey from atop the crumble parapet . and now , the reason for the deteriorate state of the " he B J U " sign become apparent . train track run right behind the building on a elevate trestle . as we watch , a train roar by . everything shake . it 's not a earthquake , it 's a trainquake . the " J " teeter at a jaunty angle , threaten to dislodge and tumble down to join its fall brother . luke stare at the monstrosity . his face be ashen . his heart have sink to somewhere below he knee . the bijou . Harry jump out of the car excitedly . harry thanks for the lift , cecil . eldridge do not mention it . welcome home , luke . luke ( faint smile ) thanks . luke open the back door and slowly step out . Harry grab he arm and pull a ring of key from he pocket . harry wait will you see the inside ! luke ( deadpan ) can not wait . CUT to : int . bijou lobby - day the interior of the theater fulfill every promise make by the exterior . moth -eaten velvet - flock wallpaper hang in shard and piece from the wall . it 's sort of a cross between a gaudy cathouse and a mausoleum , serve up with generous helping of dust and grime , a almost unbeatable combination of questionable taste and neglect . above the center of the lobby hang what be -- and be -- probably the only truly beautiful item in the whole theater -- a delicate crystal chandelier . even under a veneer of dust , the fragile droplet of cut crystal seem to pick up every available point of light and scatter it in a hundred direction . tilt down to reveal luke and Harry stand below . luke be lose in a gulf somewhere between surprise and disgust . harry we have be close for a while . luke ( smile wanly ) ah. luke walk toward the auditorium door and slowly , crack one open . int . auditorium - day the ocean of two hundred or so seat on the main floor seem to be , for the most part , intact -- although the occasional row seem to have loose itself from its mooring and heave itself up against the row behind or in front . the screen be really not much more than a tatty bit of yellowing muslin , frame by rag red velveteen drapery . in the tiny orchestra pit , as we will see later , be a old upright piano . luke walk a few step down the aisle . he pick a seat on the aisle near the middle of the theater and sit . as he do , a cat , a orange tabby , leap out from under another seat , jet past luke and disappear down the aisle and backstage . Harry come over and sit behind he . luke ( turn to Harry ) exactly how long have the bijou be close ? harry hmmmm ... after you leave , it be difficult , and then lily -- that 's you mother -- she take ill and die ... we have not show a picture since forty - eight . luke why ? harry ( deep breath ) well , after the war , with so many of the town 's boy kill , people around here do not much feel like go to the movie , I guess . some of them move away -- Los Angeles , Sacramento , San Francisco . be not much to keep them here , I expect . and now with this " television " thing -- people just be not go out as much as they use to . luke do not you have any help ? harry oh , I have irene and Old Tim but they really could not help much . break they heart when we close up . break mine , too . ( brighten ) but now that you be back , well , thing will be different around here , that 's for sure . ( rise , grab luke 's arm ) c'mon , I will show you where we live . CUT to : int . bijou apartment - day the small apartment above the projection booth be quite a contrast to the rest of the theater . it 's neat as a pin , and fairly light , as Harry have just pull back the curtain , allow the sun to flood the room . a beam of golden light fall across a table , atop which be several framed photo . one of the photo be of the real , much - young luke . it 's a norman rockwell scene , at a train depot , with a army - issue olive drab duffel bag sling over he shoulder . he have one arm around Harry and the other around he mother . ( and by the way , Pete 's resemblance to the real luke -- even in a nearly 10 year old photo -- be pretty damn startling ... ) harry the day you ship out . that be a proud day for you mother and I . last time you see she . last time I see you . he smile . harry till today . luke set it down and pick up another photo , that of a fine look woman . it 's a formal portrait , dating perhaps from the 30' . harry that 's lily . you mother , rest she soul . luke ( repeat ) mother . ( to Harry ) she 's beautiful . harry ( come over ) well , yes , that she be . she certainly make this place a home . he take the picture from luke , kiss it , and gently replace it on the table . luke go over to the sofa and sit . harry ( brightly ) can I get you anything ? I can put some coffee on or some ... Harry look at luke , who have almost instantly fall asleep on the sofa . he go to he , gently pick he foot off the floor , lift they onto the sofa . remove he shoe , set they on the floor . CUT to : a blanket be draw up luke 's chest . harry stand , look down warmly at he son . then , suddenly , he 's seize by a think . he turn and cross to the window . close - the window there 's a small picture frame in the window . Harry reach down , gingerly pick it up and turn it around . on the frame it 's a single , fade gold star . one war casualty . Harry clutches it to he chest , look over at the sleep luke and smile . harry ( softly ) when I wake up this morning , my son be dead . now , I have my boy again . ( close he eye ) I have my boy again . fade to black . fade in : int . bijou apartment - morning it 's early morning . luke be sound asleep , still in he clothes . in the distance , a train sound its horn . luke roll over on he back , still asleep , snore lightly . slowly , he start to wake up , eye still close . something 's strange , though . he frown . the train be getting closer . luke 's eye pop OPEN . luke's Pov as the train rumble by , shaking everything in the room , luke look up to see three ancient cherub stare down at he . Harry , a elderly woman , and a elderly black man . harry ( smile ) ' Morning , Son . elderly woman ( smile ) good morning , luke . elderly black man ( no expression ) ' mornin ' . harry sleep well ? luke be speechless . it he dream this ? harry they could not wait to see you . luke who ... be they ? harry this be the staff of the bijou . luke oh. what ... what time be it ? harry six -thirty . I think we would get a early start . luke sit up on the sofa and try to get a little more awake . he rub the side of he head that be still bandage . the elderly woman nudge Harry gently . harry oh , I be sorry , they know you , but you do not ... you need to be be - introduce . luke , this be Mrs. irene terwilliger . luke stand and shake mrs . terwilliger be hand . she 's tiny , seventy if she 's a day . she smile and curtsy slightly . her eye sparkle brightly , she manner almost coquettish . mrs . terwilliger head cashier and refreshment clerk . so glad to have you back , my boy ! ( to Harry ) much more handsome than I remember he . harry and this fine fellow be we head usher , resident fix - it man and custodian . luke , meet Old Tim . ( to Old Tim ) you remember luke , do not you ? olt tim be -- well , old . his clothes be a tad shabby , but well maintain , though they hang loosely on he gangly frame . he wear a old blue knit cap , which he quickly remove as he shake luke 's hand . he 's a man of few word , he manner be painfully shy -- and he never smile . luke be there a young Tim ? old tim no . luke well , then , why do they call you " Old Tim ? " pause . old tim I be old . Harry step forward , take luke 's arm . harry well , lot to do , so we would better get a move on ... CUT to : int . auditorium - day luke , Harry and Mrs. terwilliger walk down the aisle toward the screen . Old time lag a few step behind . at the orchestra pit , Harry climb the step , cross the pit . the screen be a sea of repair patch . Harry pat it . Dust fly . harry ' fraid this have see better day . well , I be meaning to get a new screen , anyway . old tim I n-need I a new uniform . luke look at Old Tim , then at Harry . harry ( to luke ) I promise he a new uniform when we re-opene . ( to Old Tim ) and you will get one , too . luke you know , I hate to bring this up , but screen and uniform and paint and repair be go to take money , which I be willing to bet none of we have . silence from the group . luke I think so . beat . Harry brighten , clamber down the step and race up the aisle . harry anyone want to see the projector ? CUT to : two carbon arc be squeakily be cranke together above the din of a fan motor . a puff of smoke , then -- bzzzzzzzzztt -- light . a metal door be close over the arc . int . projection booth - day Harry dance around to the other side of the projector and adjust the focus on the beam of light . the other look on as he gaze at the screen through the tiny window . harry beautiful . Bright and even from edge to edge . see for yourself . the carbon sputter and die . the light flicker out . Harry be crestfallen , turn off the motor . harry she 's always be a bit tricky . CUT to : int . bijou lobby - day Mrs. terwilliger be dusting the concession stand with a rag feather duster , a hopeless task . Old Tim be on a rickety ladder , replace burn - out bulb in the chandelier . the orange tabby cat scratch itself on the leg of the ladder . Old Tim climb down and catch he breath . Mrs. terwilliger sneeze . old tim bless . mrs . terwilliger thank you , timothy . they both stop they work and glance warily at the door mark " office . " mrs . terwilliger ( sotto ) what do you suppose they be talk about ? old tim dunno . Boy 's smart . mrs . terwilliger ( brightly ) yes , he seem to be . old tim bad for we . int . bijou office - day luke be poring over the ledger book , add up figure on a old manual add machine . luke um ... Harry ? do I ever keep the book here ? harry no , you mother do , then I do after she pass . luke well , I be the first one to admit that I do not know anything about bookkeeping , but there be some very interesting thing in here . he scan down a page . luke ( read ) " February 10 , 1942 . picture ' Ball of Fire . ' " harry ( appreciatively ) Gary Cooper . and Barbara stanwyck . yowsa . luke ( read ) " eight p.m. showtime , ninety - six admission , receipt include concession , $ 84.75 ... plus one fryer and two -dozen egg . " he close the book and look expectantly at Harry . harry yes ? luke " one fryer and two -dozen egg ? " harry forty - two be a lean year around here . the war have just start ... you be go less than a month ... and we be come off a bit of a drought as I recall . not everyone could ante up the price of a ticket , and a chicken 's as good as money if you ask I . at that time , it mean a lot to the folk around here to be able to come to the picture . luke yeah , I know , but poultry ...? harry ( rhapsodically ) I know it 's hard to believe , son , but this place , this little place this be not a theater then , this be a palace ! any man , woman , child , you , I , it do not matter , you buy you ticket and you walk in and you ... Harry put he hand on he chest and sigh . harry ... you be in a palace . it be like a dream . it be like heaven , like you die and go to a palace in heaven , that 's what it be like . and spotless , too . inspire , Harry stand , take luke by the arm . harry come with I ! he drag he out of the office and into the lobby . int . bijou lobby - day Mrs. terwilliger and Old Tim watch as Harry lead luke through the lobby . harry ( smile ) maybe you have problem and worry out there , but once you come through that door , they do not matter anymore . in here , you be safe . maybe it be just a escape from reality , but ... oh , god ... it be beautiful . Harry lead luke into the auditorium . the car follow , but Mrs. terwilliger and Old Tim stay behind . int . auditorium - day Harry trot down the aisle and look up at the screen . harry ( exuberant ) Charlie chaplin . keaton and Lloyd . swanson . and later on , Clark gable and claudette Colbert and Jimmy Stewart and James cagney and bogart and becall and Judy and mickey ... and Fred and Ginger . he turn to luke . harry ( emphatically ) they ... be ... like ... god ! he point to the screen . harry and that ... be the altar . would you remember if I tell you , we feel lucky to be here , to have the privilege of watch they ? ( sadly ) this television thing . why would you want to sit at home and watch a little box with a little screen ? because it 's convenient ? because you do not have to get dress and put on a coat and a tie and a hat ? because you can just ... sit there ? how can you call that " entertainment , " all alone in you live room ? where be the other people ? where 's the audience ? Harry come over to luke . harry ( emphatically ) where 's the magic ? he stand behind luke and whisper in he ear . harry I will tell you . in a place like this , the magic be all around you . all the time . everywhere . in every thing . he turn luke around and look he in the eye . harry the trick ... be to see it . pause . luke but I ... harry Son , I think you love the bijou even more than I do . you have get to remember that . you have get to . still look at luke , Harry take a step back , then slowly walk up the aisle , disappear into the lobby . luke walk down the aisle . at the edge of the orchestra pit , he stand look up at the screen . the orange tabby cat meow , and luke glance toward it , stand onstage by the edge of the screen . they exchange look as we dissolve to : int . lardner live room - evening Doc lardner be seat in a easy chair , he foot up , read life magazine . the radio be on , and patti page be sing " the Tennessee waltz . " there 's a noise offscreen , and lardner look up . in the entrance hall , the front door open . adele " delly " lardner enter . she 's a strikingly beautiful woman in she late 20 . she take off a feel cap , and she long , auburn hair cascade down . adele dad ? lardner delly ? in here . lardner rise as Adele come into the live room . they embrace warmly . lardner how would it go ? adele not as bad as I think it would . I think I pass . lardner ( kiss she forehead ) that 's my girl ! ( he hug she again ) do you ...? adele no hiccup , which be good . who want a attorney who get the hiccup when she get nervous ? ( " serious " lawyer voice ) " you ( hic ! ) honor , I ( hic ! ) object ! " they laugh . lardner I always tell you , baby ... ( tap she head ) ... it 's all up here . lardner give she a extra squeeze , continue to hold onto she just a bit too long . Adele detect something amiss . adele dad ? what be it ? beat . lardner well , it 's ... Adele break away from he . adele ( extreme concern ) oh my god ... who die ? CUT to : a glass of water on a kitchen table . offsccreen , we hear a hiccup . then another . Adele 's hand reach into frame . wider int . lardner kitchen - evening lardner stand over Adele , who be seat at the table , hold the glass of water . lardner drink slowly . she raise the glass to she lip . lardner from the other side of the glass . it 's a particularly gymnastic way in which to drink water , but Adele accomplish it with aplomb . she wait for a moment -- then hiccup again . adele I think ( hic ! ) it 's worse ( hic ! ) now . lardner that always use to work . adele yeah , well it 's not everyday you get ( hic ! ) news like this . you be sure he 's ( hic ! ) okay ? other than the ( hic ! ) bump on the head ? lardner ( hedge ) well ... adele ( hic ! ) dad ... ( hic ! ) lardner sit at the table and take Adele 's hand . lardner he do not remember anything , delly . do not know how he get here , do not remember he father , the town , the bijou , anyone ... adele ... include I . right ? ( hic ! ) lardner I be afraid not . he look right at you picture without bat a eye . but it 's probably temporary . he get all the way to lawson , so he clearly know who he be and what he be do until he hit he head . I be sure it will all come back to he . it just take a catalyst . adele you mean , ( hic ! ) I ? lardner it 's possible . off Adele 's thoughtful hiccupe , we CUT to : ext . commerce STREET - evening luke and Harry , walk along , make a turn onto commerce Street , head for mabel 's . it 's still light out , and a soft breeze skitter some leave along the sidewalk . harry I take breakfast and supper at mabel 's every day except Sunday . have for year , since lily die . if it be not for mabel , I would probably starve to death . ernie cole , a slight , bald man in he 5as , be lock the door of he pharmacy across the street , when he spot Harry and luke . ernie Harry ! hold on a second ! Ernie run across the street and , slightly wind , stand before luke , stare . luke shoot a glance at Harry , who tap Ernie on the shoulder . harry it 's really he , Ernie . ernie ( agape ) well , I will be ... he stick he hand out and luke take it . Ernie pump it enthusiastically . ernie by god , luke , if it be not good to see you again . luke ( uncertain ) uh , thanks . good to see you again , too , uh ... harry Ernie . luke ... Ernie . ernie ( still at a lose ) well , I will be ... harry we be just gonna get some supper . would you like to join we ? ernie would I ever ! the three walk toward the diner , but before they get two step , they hear : woman' voice be that luke trumbo ? they turn to see a stout woman , katie rutherford , 40s , rush toward they . she rush right into a very surprised luke 's arm and hug he tightly . katie oh , luke , it 's so good to have you back ! harry Katie , would you like to join we for dinner ? the more , the merrier . CUT to : ext . mabel' diner - night the diner be pack . in addition to Ernie and Katie , men , women and child occupy every seat and table , and many more be stand , even hang out the door . at the focus of the crowd be luke and Harry , seat at the counter . Harry be leisurely eat a chicken dinner , while luke be work on a steak . a young man seat at the opposite side of the counter be speak . he 's carl leffert , 30 . carl ( eagerly ) hey , luke , remember the time you and I , we be play with firecracker and the one you be lighting blow up too soon and singe all the hair offa my head ? a few people shake they head , smile and laugh . luke uh , no . what happen ? carl ( deflate ) well ... um , all the hair get singe offa my head . it be pretty funny . a couple of titter be hear . luke oh. carl even my eyebrow . but they grow back . luke lean toward Harry , who never look up from he chicken . harry Carl . friend of yours from high school . everybody call he " cueball . " luke ( sincerely ) oh , hi cue ... carl. sorry . carl ( brighten ) oh , heck , that 's all right . it 's just good to have you back . be not that right , Bob ? hey , luke , you remember my brother Bob ? you two join up the same day . luke smile and nod at the young man sit next to Carl . bob leffert be a good- look fellow , a few year older than Carl . his face be pale and downcast , and he wear a cap pull down on he forehead . he look up at luke with hollow eye . bring he right hand up , push the brim of he cap up . except there 's no hand there -- it 's a hook . luke ( quietly ) hey , bob. good to meet you . Bob do not react . he glance away , and for a moment , he eye meet mabel 's . she smile warmly . he turn away . Ernie Cole pipe up . ernie luke , I know there 's a question that 's on everybody 's mind . luke what 's that ? ernie well , now that you be back , what be you plan ? all eye on luke . he freeze , have just take a forkful of food in he mouth . Harry jump in . harry gonna re-open the bijou , that 's what . a murmur go through the crowd . stanton lawson , stand behind luke , tap he on the shoulder . stanton that true ? luke ( on the spot ) well ... we be gonna try . ernie that 's a lot of work , son . place 's be close , what , three , four year now . gonna be tough . harry if it 's tough , that mean it 's worth do . someone shout " that 's the spirit ! , " another shout " hear , hear ! , " and a chorus of voice join in agreement . ernie hey , where 's Spencer Wyatt ? spencer' voice uh , back here , Mr. Mayor . ernie well , come on out here so 's we can see you . spencer wyatt step around from the back of the crowd near the door . he 's a tall , dark - haire , gangly , bespectacle kid , no more than 19 or 20 . painfully shy , he clutches a clarinet case to he chest . he timidly smile and wave at luke , who smile and nod back . spencer hey , luke . luke hi , Spencer . ernie Spence , that band of yours -- you think they be ready to play ? ( to luke ) Spencer and he pal go ahead and get together a good ol ' big band . spencer we have be practice ... uh , sure , I guess . ernie well , how about tomorrow night , eight p.m. , in city hall square ? what I be proposin ' be a " welcome Home luke " celebration . vociferous general agreement from the crowd -- which be quickly quiete by a murmur , which start at the front door . the crowd part and grow silent , revealing a woman stand in the doorway . adele she lock eye with luke . her hand go to she mouth and she eye well up . slowly , she move around the counter , the crowd move aside for she . she stand in front of luke , who have stand up to meet she . her eye moist , she look up at he . adele do you ... remember I ? luke I have see you before . you picture ... mabel , clutching a napkin , lean over to Katie . mabel ( sotto ) look ! luke ... but I do not think I remember you . Adele lean up and kiss he softly . he look at she . luke but I will sure try . as mabel and Katie dab at they eye , we CUT to : ext . commerce STREET - night Adele and luke stroll down the street side by side . she look at he for a long moment . luke what . adele no , I ... I just wonder where you have be all this time . luke I too . adele you look ... different . luke I do ? adele yeah , a little . I think you grow a inch or so . and you have lose weight . luke I do ? huh ! tentatively , she take he hand and hold it . from behind they , we hear a shuffling SOUND . Adele turn ... adele' Pov keeping a discreet distance , everyone from the diner be follow they . Adele turn and address the crowd . adele ( to the group ) you can all go home , now . he 's not go anywhere . luke go on home , folk . and thanks for the welcome . Harry come over . luke I will be home in a little while , Harry . do not wait up . harry you two have a lot of catch up to do , I guess . luke you bet . harry goodnight , son . ( tip he hat ) ' night , delly . and the rest of the crowd disperse , variously wishing the pair goodnight . luke and Adele watch they disperse . luke there . we be alone . they turn and start walk . adele then why do I feel like we be still be shadow ? luke well ... where can we go ? Adele brighten . adele I know a place . come on ! she grab he hand and they run toward the town square . ext . lawson CITY hall - night Adele and luke stand by the front step . luke City hall ? adele you must not remember anything . come on . she grab he hand and they run to the side of the building . ext . side of CITY hall - night Adele and luke stand by a basement window , inch off the ground . she look around . certain the coast be clear , she pound on the window in three " special " place , and it pop up and open . she look at luke . adele you first . luke why I ? adele be a gentleman . you have to help I down . as luke climb in , we CUT to : a large , muslin - cover object . slowly , the muslin be draw off , revealing a statue of a kneeling solider , praying before a soldier 's grave . we slowly pan down from the top of the statue ... int . CITY hall basement storage room - night adele ( o.s. ) when we be kid , my dad be mayor , and you and I and a bunch of other use to come down here all the time . on adele and luke look up at the statue in this city hall basement storage room , light only by a single shaft of moonlight from the window . the muslin cover lay bunched at they foot . adele of course , there be a lot more room before they stick the memorial down here . luke ( look at the door ) how would they get it inside ? adele through the door . it come apart . she move to the memorial . squint , she examine its base . adele you name 's on here . see ? luke come over . on the base of the memorial -- luke's name adele right here . " Albert Lucas trumbo . " and all the other . I know they all . so do you . we go to school with most of they . luke it do not seem right , this be down here . it ought to be where people can see it . adele after they commission it , no one could ever agree on where to put it . the methodist want it in front of the Methodist Church , the presbyterian want it in front of the presbyterian Church , the city council want it in the lobby of City Hall . everyone finally get tired of the fight . so they stick it down here . he look at she for a long moment . there 's a electricity between they , and they both feel it . luke so , you be really gonna be a lawyer ? adele ( suddenly defensive ) and why not ? luke whoa . adele ( smile ) sorry . you do not know how many time I have hear that . " a lady lawyer ? be you crazy ? " like a woman could not be as good a lawyer as a man . or better , in fact . luke have you always want to be a lawyer ? adele you ... do not remember , but yes , ever since I be a little girl . luke what do ... what do I want to be ? adele ( gently ) oh , well ... I guess you ... in high school , you be a pretty good first baseman . and we be on the debate team together . but ... I think you be gonna run the bijou . you be bring up there , and you love it so much . and I think you know how much the town need a place like that . he turn away , rub he head . luke I just wish I could remember some of this . he turn back to she . luke you do not have a boyfriend or anyone ... you know ... like that ? adele actually , I be marry . for four year . but ... well , we do not fit together . I be divorced now . luke I be sorry . adele no , it 's okay . see , when two people belong together , the other person should be the ... the key that unlock the rest of you ... I be not make sense , be I ? luke ( move toward she ) no , you be . I know exactly what you mean . it 's not that you be miss something . it 's that the other person give something to you ... that you have all the time . you just do not see it until they come along . adele ( smile ) yeah ... pause . luke we be in love ... be not we ? adele ( quietly ) yes . ( then : ) hic ! she instantly cover she mouth , but it 's no good . she have the hiccup again . luke what be that ? adele nothing . ( hic ! ) luke do you have the ... adele I be ( hic ! ) fine . really . ( hic ! ) luke smile and watch Adele as she make the decision to not struggle against the hiccup . she have they , and that 's just the way it be . luke be we go to get marry ? adele eventually . we be go to be ( hic ! ) engage ... when you come back from ( hic ! ) overseas ... he look at she . she 's strikingly beautiful at this particular moment and in this particular light -- hiccup and all . he move closer to she . she move closer to he . adele ( breathless ) ... but you have to go ... serve ( hic ! ) you country ... they kiss passionately . she reach up and put she arm around he . he start kissing she neck , and she suddenly realize -- she 's stop hiccupe . adele hey ... it work . and as she smile and kiss he again we dissolve to : ext . the bijou - night luke come down the street and head for the front door . he have a definite spring in he step as he pull out he key and enter . int . bijou lobby - night it 's very dark . luke be about to swing shut the heavy door , when he look down and see the orange tabby cat shoot into the lobby , stop in the middle of the floor . it look at luke , and purr . luke close the door and move to the cat . he crouch down and pet it , and its back rise to meet he hand . luke hey , fella . so you live here , too , huh ? how come Harry do not mention that ? the cat move to the auditorium door , pause to look back at luke . curiosity pique , luke follow the cat . int . bijou basement hallway - night in the dim light , we see a old mop and pail , some dirty film can , and a large beat - up cardboard standee of " the tramp " with the legend , " chaplin short to - Day . " the cat come around a corner and disappear through a door at the end of a hallway . luke , follow the cat , come around the same corner and look at the door . slightly ajar , there 's a light come from within , as well as the sound of Old Tim softly hum " it 's a Long Way to tipperary . " luke move to the door and knock . luke um , Old Tim ? sorry , it 's late . it 's luke . can I come in ? the hum stop , and after a moment , the door swing open , revealing Old Tim , a pipe in he mouth , hold the cat , stroking its fur . old tim found I . luke yeah . I hope you do not mind . I do not know anyone live here ... well , besides Harry . and I . Old Tim move into the room and gesture for luke to follow he . int . old tim be room - night the room be light by a small table lamp next to the neat cot , which be perfectly make , military - style . old tim not use to visitor . ( gesture ) sit. Old Tim point to a rag , overstuff easy chair next to the " kitchen " area -- a sink , dish and utensil , a tiny icebox . luke sit in the chair , and Old Tim sit on the cot , face he . silence . luke glance up at a photo atop the bureau . on the photo it 's a much young Old Tim , look quite serious and handsome in he great War doughboy 's uniform . the cat jump down from Old Tim 's arm and move to luke . he rub against he leg , purring . luke lean down to pet he . luke so I guess this fellow belong to you . what 's he name ? old tim cat . luke cat . that 's simple . I like it . ( pet cat ) hi , cat . old tim ( sudden change - of - subject ) we think you be dead , you know . ( another new think ) it 's okay that I live here ? luke of course . pause , then suddenly . old tim do you think I will get I a new u-u uniform ? luke look up at the old man , who stammer when he speak more than a couple of word . luke I will do everything I can . Old Tim puff on he pipe , strangely detach . old tim t-t-thank you . thank you . I ... I always ... I always want to wear my uniform from the great War , but you daddy , he always say no , that 's not a usher 's u-u-uniform , that 's a army uniform and the bijou , she 's not the army . they give I a medal , but I lose it in the h-h-hospital . I forget thing sometimes . since the w-w-war . luke yeah ... I too . CUT to : int . pete' apartment ( l.a . ) - day it 's a pretty typical bachelor 's apartment . the " sand pirate " poster lean up against a chair . Pete 's two box of belonging from the studio be on the coffee table , the empty bottle of Jack Daniels on top . there 's a insistent knock at the door . man' voice ( o.s. ) Mr. appleton ? Mr. appleton ? you in there ? this be the Super , I have the master key and I be come in ! we hear the key in the lock and the door swing open , revealing the building super , 5as . behind he be Leo kubelsky . they enter the room , and the Super sniff the air . leo you smell gas ? super do not smell nothin' . he must not be dead in here . leo Jesus . super hey , it 's the best way to tell . Leo move to the box and rummages through they . he pick up the empty bottle , examine it . super you think he 's drunk somewhere ? leo ( under he breath ) would not blame he if he be . super well , he rent 's past due and he say to call you in case of a emergency . he lose he job or somethin' ? leo ( hold out he fold money ) what 's he rent ? super thirty a month . Leo peel off a hundred - dollar bill . leo here 's three month rent , and a ten spot for no more question and to keep a eye on he place . now , I need a moment alone . super ( examine the bill ) huh ? leo take a hike . am-scray . super huh ? oh , sure . just pull the door shut when you leave . the Super exit and Leo cross to the phone and dial " o . " leo ( into phone ) Police department . I want to report a miss person . CUT to : int . justice department hallway - day on a door it read : " office of the majority counsel - mr. elvin clyde " agent walter saunder and agent steven BRETT , both 30 and G - man to the core , hustle into the office . int . elvin clyde' office - day elvin clyde be 35 , a small , thin - lipped , reptilian man in the Roy cohn mold . he 's on the phone at the moment . clyde ( into phone ) you say you know nothing about it . you say this , yet you offer no proof . how be I suppose to believe you ? clyde 's secretary knock on the door , stick she head in . secretary Mr. clyde ? Agents saunder and brett need to see you . clyde ( cover the phone ) you do see that I be busy , do you not ? secretary it 's about appleton . clyde 's eye brighten . clyde tell they to come in . ( into phone ) I will have to call you back . I love you too , mother . saunder and brett stride into the office . saunder we have get a situation develop ... clyde ( interrupt ) will you take that goddamn hat off ? they stop , shuck off they hat . saunder start over again . saunder we have get a situation develop out on the coast . appleton 's just be report miss . clyde grin darkly . clyde this be good . this be very good . BRETT Los Angeles Police Department investigate . his car 's miss . no sign of force entry or struggle at he apartment . clyde consider this for a beat , then : clyde you two be on this as of now . tell the lapd they investigation have be federalize on my order . you find I this appleton . ( lean back , smile ) I want to see what this one have to say . CUT to : int . bijou office - day luke be sit at the desk , make note and add up some figure . he put he pencil down and rub he eye , then look up at harry and old tim who be sit on the floor , go through pile of lobby card and fold one - sheet like little boy fascinate with they baseball card . he shift he gaze to mrs . terwilliger who be straighten out and dusting the top of the two or three file cabinet in the corner of the office . as she work , she hum a old song , occasionally break into the lyric : mrs . terwilliger ( sing ) " the object of my affection , can change my complexion , from white to rosy red ... " luke take a breath : luke well ... harry yes ? luke between a new screen , paint , plumbing for the concession stand , and about a hundred other repair around the theater ... it 's go to cost at least nine hundred dollar to get the bijou into shape to open up . mrs . terwilliger oh , my . harry ( take aback ) nine hundred ... luke and you have sixty - eight dollar and thirty - seven cent in the bank . you only source of income be my veteran 's death benefit of forty dollar a month , to which you be no longer entitle since I be alive , and this ten dollar a month cash deposit you make . what be that ? harry ( glance at Old Tim ) they're ... old tim that 's my r-r-rent . luke oh. harry it 's all my fault . I be neglectful and this be the price of that . mrs . terwilliger do not say that . harry well , it 's true . wanting to open this place back up . it 's folly , irene , pure and simple . might as well just call it what it be . off everyone 's worried look , we CUT to : a tv screen it 's tiny , with round corner , black - and - white , and a hopeless chaos of horizontal bar and snow . wider int . lardner live room - night Doc lardner be fiddling with a brand - new console television set , try vainly to tune in a clear picture of " you show of show . " he adjust the dial , fiddle with the rabbit ear , step back -- and be successful . sid caesar and imogene coca be involved in a elaborate pantomime sketch , and lardner fairly roar with laughter . he turn to go back to he chair , but the second he do so , the reception go haywire . he return to the spot in front of the tv , and the picture be perfect again . the doorbell ring . he 's tear -- if he move , the picture will break up . the doorbell ring again , and we hear Adele 's voice from upstairs : adele ( o.s. ) daddy , that 's luke , can you let he in ? I will be right down . lardner honey , I ... I can not ... it 's the ... there 's a knock at the door . lardner ( give in ) oh , hell ... he move from he spot . the reception go bad , and he march to the door . he open it , and luke be stand there , wear a slightly out-of - date coat and tie . lardner even , luke . luke even , Doctor lardner . lardner freeze , stare at luke . luke what 's wrong ? lardner ( shake from he reverie ) uh , no ... just see you stand there , it remind I ... there 's a word for it ... luke oh , you mean the suit . Harry keep all my old clothes . fit okay , but it 's a little big . Adele come down the stair . halfway down , she stop suddenly and stare at luke . adele oh ... awkward pause . Adele 's stare at luke , lardner 's stare at luke , and luke 's get nervous . luke I should not have wear the suit . Adele come down the stair . adele no ... you be wear that suit the last time we go out before ... luke oh ... adele ... and it 's just ... well , deja vu . lardner that 's it . deja vu . another awkward pause as Adele and luke stare at each other . lardner break it . lardner you kid off to the dance ? luke be not you come ? lardner no , I be not much of a dancer . adele ( chidingly ) besides , daddy 's still try to figure out how to get he new television set work . lardner I have it , a minute ago ... he glance at the tv set . the picture be suddenly crystal clear . lardner ... ooooh , it 's back . ( encourage they toward the door ) well , you kid have fun now ... Adele take luke 's arm and they exit , exchange goodnight with lardner , who close the door and turn toward the live room . s-l-o-w-l-y , he sneak into the room , watch the tv carefully all the while . the reception be stay perfect . caesar and coca be involved in a intricate bit of business , and lardner want to laugh , but he 's afraid to . he stifles he urge , and head for he chair . gingerly , he sit . still perfect . satisfied , he finally laugh out loud and put he foot up . the picture go completely haywire again . lardner aw , crap . ext . STREET - night Adele and luke walk along , arm -in - arm . adele this be strange . do you feel it ? luke what ? adele we have do this before , so many time . the last time be so long ago , but it feel like yesterday . luke oh. pause . adele you know , everyone 's so excited about the bijou re-opening ... luke ( interrupt ) it 's gonna cost over nine hundred dollar to open the place , delly . adele ( shocked ) nine hundred ... luke yeah , and needless to say , none of we have that kind of money lie around . adele what about a loan ? you could go to the bank ...? luke a loan to a man who run he business into the ground and he son who can not account for the last nine - and -a- half year of he life ? not likely . adele well , there 's get to be a way ... luke ( suddenly ) have you get a cigarette ? Adele stop . adele when do you start smoking ? luke I do not smoke ? adele you try to once . it be pretty pitiful . luke oh. Adele glance curiously at luke as we CUT to : a clarinet launching into the open bar of " do not be that Way , " a old benny goodman tune . ext . CITY hall square - day Spencer Wyatt 's big ban be comprise of a dozen or so musician about Spencer 's age -- except for the drummer , avery wyatt , 40s , Spencer 's dad . though no gene krupa , he pound the skin pretty well , all the while smile proudly as he son play clarinet and lead the band . despite the last minute decoration , the Square look nice , hang with multicolor paper lantern and color light . on luke and adele dance to the music , along with several other couple . luke ( nodd toward the band ) they be not bad . adele no , they be not . I would say you investment be pay dividend . luke my what ? adele back in ' 37 , you hear benny goodman play for the first time , so you go out and get a use clarinet . you want nothing more than to be able to play like he . you try hard , but it be not long before it be clear that benny goodman would never be look over he shoulder . so you give the clarinet to Spencer . luke huh . that be nice of I . adele you have a hide agenda , though . see , when he be five or six , little Spence use to follow you around like a puppy . bother the hell out of you . but as soon as you give he the clarinet ... luke ... he start practice , and he leave I alone from then on . adele exactly . and he get good . luke no kid . they dance a bit . adele now , do you remember that , or ... luke nope . just fill in the blank . adele oh. okay . and as they dance away , we CUT to : the same - later on the refreshment table luke be pour two glass of punch , while Adele be be shyly admire ( and have she ear bent ) by two twin brother , alex and charlie mckenna , mid-20 . alex you be the luckiest guy in town , luke . delly 's ' bout the prettiest thing ever come outta lawson . luke ( to Alex ) thanks , Charlie . alex I be Alex . he 's Charlie . charlie I be Charlie . alex yessir , ' bout the prettiest thing we ever see , be not that right , Charlie ? charlie you bet . adele ( ala mae West ) thanks boy , ya flatter I no end . the brother laugh goofily . charlie hey , she 's doin ' that movie star , what 's she name ...? alex ( ignore he brother ) hey , delly , what be that test you be outta town takin ' ? adele it 's call the State bar exam . charlie shoot ! alex imagine that , Charlie ! a lady bartender ! CUT to : the same - later Adele and luke be slow dance to " thanks for the memory . " luke how do you tell that two apart , anyway ? adele Alex and Charlie ? simple . Alex be the smarter one . luke that 's ... pretty frightening . they laugh and dance a bit more . adele you dance 's very good . luke thanks . adele it never use to be . you be two leave foot on the dance floor . like pull tooth to get you to do a little box step . luke guess I must have learn . luke dance Adele away , a slightly nonpluss expression on she face . the band finish the song , and everyone enthusiastically applaud . Spencer bow shyly , blush slightly . he nod to the band , and they bow before he motion for the crowd 's attention . spencer ( nervously ) thanks , folk . gee , can you tell we never play in front of people before ? the crowd yell " no ! , " " you guy sound great ! , " etc . spencer well , this be we first time , and it 's really all because of luke . I mean , it 's because of luke come back that we be here tonight -- but I be talk about this . he hold up the clarinet and scan the crowd until he see luke . spencer ( to luke ) when you do not come back , I learn how to play this so I could remember you . and now that you be back , well , I will never forget you . ( to the crowd ) luke give I this clarinet , but he give this night to all of we . the crowd applaud warmly . spencer okay folk , here 's Mayor Cole ! the crowd applaud as Ernie Cole mount the band riser . he turn and address avery Wyatt , on drum . ernie pretty proud of you boy , avery ? avery smile broadly and beat the kick drum five or six time to register he reaction . on the kick drum -- " wyatt' hardware , lawson , calif . " ernie look like you might have to find someone else to mix paint at the store , ' cause I think Spencer 's get a big career ahead of he . applause again , and Ernie wait for it to settle . as soon as he start speak , the crowd become totally silent . ernie you know folk , here in lawson , we give a lot for we country . a lot . and we never complain and we never falter . and we never forget . Ernie 's voice crack slightly with emotion . he clear he throat and continue . ernie we never forget . and so when one of we own come back to we , I gotta tell you folk , it be like a miracle . luke , seein ' you walk down the street , it be ... well , it be kinda like seein ' one of my boy alive again . I think I speak for everyone here when I say that not a day go by when we do not keep we boy ' memory alive . but luke , have you back among we ... well , it help we keep they spirit alive , too . God bless you , son . the crowd applaud . Adele take luke 's hand and smile . Ernie wipe he eye and change the subject . ernie all right , enough a'that . this be a celebration , so let 's have we a good time -- but not too good a time , ' cause I see just about every member of the city council here tonight , and we have a eight a.m. council meeting tomorrow morning , and I expect y'all to be there ! all right , take it away , Spencer ! and Spencer kick the band into the next tune as we dissolve to : the same - later luke and Adele come over to Harry and Mrs. terwilliger , stand at the periphery . Old Tim stand a few foot back . luke why do not you two get out there and dance ? harry oh , no , I ... Mrs. terwilliger blushes . mrs . terwilliger I have not dance with another man since Mr. terwilliger pass . luke when be that ? mrs . terwilliger nineteen-oh-nine . Harry touch luke 's arm . harry Son , we be gonna go . you two kid have a lovely time . goodnight be exchange , and the trio leave . Alex mckenna come up to Adele and tap she on the shoulder . alex delly , can I have a dance ? adele sure . Alex lead she to the dance floor as Adele shoot luke a little " help I ! " look . luke smile back and watch the dance crowd . after a moment , a man in a white suit and bow tie , roscoe fitt , 40s , come over to luke and extend he hand . fitt luke , you probably do not remember I , roscoe fitt , I be the grocer here in town . luke ( shake he hand ) good to meet you . again . fitt like Ernie say , we be all glad to have you back . luke thanks . fitt and I hear you and Harry be plan on re-opening the bijou . luke we be gonna try . place need a lot of work . fitt I can only imagine . you know , I speak with you dad last year about maybe take the bijou off he hand . I do not think he give it very much think . luke well , he love the place . it 's he home . fitt luke , I be hopping you can help he see the reality of the situation . I will come to the point . I want to buy the property , and I be prepare to offer six - thousand dollar for it . and that 's just for the property , mind you . if you want , I will leave it to you and you father to dismantle and liquidate the building for whatever salvage value it have , and you keep that proceed . I just want the land . luke ( take aback ) that 's ... well , that 's very generous , but if you have already get a store ...? fitt the day of the storefront grocery be numbered . I plan on put up a free-stand supermarket . luke ( it 's a alien word ) a super market . huh . fitt you think it over . no reason to risk financial ruin for the sake of a crumble old building . fitt take luke 's hand and shake it . fitt good to have you back , luke . as luke watch fitt walk off , we CUT to : the same - later on spencer spencer last dance , folk ! the crowd moan slightly , and Spencer kick the band into " moonlight serenade , " slow and easy . on adele and luke as they hold each other close and dance . Adele rest she head on luke 's shoulder , she eye close . luke stroke she hair and sway she gently to the music . luke look toward the edge of the dance floor . luke's Pov Bob leffert be stand there , stare at the band . mabel come up behind he and tap he on the shoulder . she 's ask he if he would like to dance . Bob look down at the ground , self - consciously shove he hook -hand in he pocket and move away , leave mabel stand there . as luke watch and the music continue over , we dissolve to : montage : luke and Adele dance ... ... walk slowly arm -in- arm down Adele 's street , up she walk to she door ... ... kissing passionately on she doorstep ... ... Adele go inside and luke walk away , each unable to take they eye off the other ... ... luke walk the quiet street of lawson , smile beatifically ... match dissolve to : ext . the bijou - night luke turn the corner and head for the theater door . he pull out he key and enter . int . bijou lobby - night luke 's about to close the door , when he look down and see cat meowing at he from the sidewalk . he hold the door open , and cat shoot into the lobby , disappear into the auditorium . luke close the door ... and stop . he hear something , and so do we . Soft and faraway , it 's a piano . the melody be soft , lilt -- almost a lullaby . luke turn toward the music , which be come from the auditorium . the piano continue , building slightly in volume . he move to the auditorium door and tentatively push one open . int . auditorium - night luke enter , he face bath in the soft , flicker , reflect light of the screen . the movie be " the Big parade . " the old , decompose nitrate print be badly scratch and stain . a young , beautiful Renee adoree be bid a tearful farewell to she lover , John Gilbert , as he march off to fight the great War . luke stare at the screen . the look on he face be one of bewilderment -- and awe . angle - the piano the rickety old upright be tinny - sounding and slightly out - of-tune . but it really do not matter . closer Mrs. terwilliger be play passionately . she never take she eye -- which be full of tear -- off the tatter screen , except to close they when she be overcome with emotion . even so , she never miss a beat . her hand fairly dance upon the key . stiff and wrinkle as they be , they manage to elicit every possible fragment of sensitivity that the old piano can muster . luke be move by what he 's witness . this be the magic ... wider angle - the CENTER section to the right of luke , sit in the center of a row , be Old Tim . stroke cat , Old Tim stare at the poignant scene unfold on the screen , pause only to wipe he eye and nose with a handkerchief . he do not notice luke who look up towards the projection booth . CUT to : a bright , white , flickering light , fill the frame . we be look directly into the beam of light radiating from the projector . pushing into the light , we get closer to the window of the booth . we come out of the beam and can just barely make out the figure of Harry , frame in a small window next to the projector . we continue pushing in -- closer and closer -- until Harry 's face fill the screen . he be watch the film ; he eye be wide and moist , as though he 's experience the magic that 's unfold on the screen for the very first time . the warning bell on the projector chime three time , signal the end of the reel . Harry move away from the window . int . projection booth - night never take he eye off the screen , Harry watch as the film come to a end and flap ! falp ! falp ! out of the projector . he kill the motor and crank the carbon arc apart , and the bright beam die . it 's not the end of the movie , but it be the end of the only fragment they have . Harry move to the house light rheostat , and slowly fade they up . this do , he pull a handkerchief from he back pocket and blow he nose loudly . he cross back to the projector , unlatch the full take - up reel and take it down . he 's about to move away , when he sense that he 's not alone . he look over the projector to see luke , stand there . they eye meet . someone should say something -- both man search for word . suddenly , luke feel very out - of -place , almost embarrassed -- as though he 's interrupt a very private ritual . Harry sense this . clutch the precious reel of film tightly to he chest , he search luke 's face and smile warmly . harry beautiful , be not it ? luke ( softly ) yes . harry well , son , I wish I could have show you more , but this be all that 's leave . just this one reel that never get send back from a picture we show here a long time ago . nineteen twenty - five , to be exact ... luke dad , I ... harry ( a tiny laugh ) ha ! luke ... what ? harry you know , since you have be back , that 's the first time you have call I " dad . " Father and son look at each other for a long moment -- search each other 's eye . Harry smile a sort - of half - smile at luke , and , still clutching the reel , cross to the rewind bench . methodically , he mount it and thread the end of the film onto a empty reel . slowly , he begin to turn the crank , rewind the film . he stop and look to where luke be stand ... but he 's not there . angle - projection booth door luke be lean up against the wall just outside of the projection booth . one luke as he close he eye ... fade to black . fade in : on harry in bed , sound asleep , snore . a hand reach into frame and shake he awake . luke's voice Harry . dad , wake up . wake up . Harry open he eye and look up . int . harry bedroom - day harry ( bleary ) luke ... what time be it ? luke six -thirty . ( smile ) I think we would get a early start . CUT to : int . CITY council meeting room - day a meeting of the lawson City Council be in session , Mayor Cole preside . of the dozen council member , we also recognize avery Wyatt and roscoe fitt . vera dwight , the council secretary , a cherubic woman in she 40s , be read the minute of the last meeting . vera finally , roscoe fitt move , and Red curtis seconded , that the council form a committee to investigate the adoption of a new property taxation structure . motion carry , nine to two , one abstention . as Vera speak , the meeting room door open and luke , Harry , Old time and Mrs. terwilliger slip inside and take seat on the unoccupy bench . ernie thanks , Vera . Ernie notice luke and the trio . ernie well , the chair note the presence this morning of luke and Harry trumbo and the rest of the bijou staff . frankly , the chair note the presence of just about anyone who ever find they way into one of this meeting . g'more , folk . luke & the trio good morning . ernie I be just guess , but I bet it 's not a sudden interest in lawson politics that bring you all here . luke stand . luke well , no ... ( clear he throat ) I want to thank you all for give I such a nice welcome , and make I feel at home . but I ... we be ... actually here on business of a sort ... daley thornhill , 30 , the council parliamentarian , pipe up . he 's wave a copy of " Roberts rule of order . " daley Point of order , Mr. Mayor , this come under the head " New Business , " and this be not the time ... ernie I think we can make a exception here , daley . daley it will need to be move and seconded . Ernie roll he eye , then quickly and mechanically , without inflection : ernie all right , motion to hear the speaker out of order . wyatt second . ernie motion on the floor , discussion open , discussion close , all that in favor signify by say " aye . " all aye . ernie oppose ? hear no opposition , the motion be carry . pause . Ernie turn to luke and smile . ernie go ahead , son . luke thanks . well , I will make this short and sweet . the bijou need a lot of repair , and the truth of the matter be , Harry , um , that be , dad and I , Mrs. terwilliger and Old Tim , we can not possible afford they all . so , I would like to ask you help to ... well , to scrounge around a bit , and see if you have anything that might help we out . wyatt what kind of thing be you talk about ? luke oh , paint , brushes , plaster , light bulb , yardage , and if you can not come up with any of that , we can use some old - fashioned elbow grease . fitt lean forward . fitt so ... you do intend to fix the place up after all ? luke Mr. fitt , with all due respect , I think lawson need the bijou a bit more than it need a super market . and I think lawson deserve the bijou . there 's not a lot that can be do to help we get past the pain we have all feel ... he look at Harry and smile . luke ... but I think a good dose of magic be as good a place as any to start . the council member murmur amongst themselves , then : wyatt ( eagerly ) motion to encourage the citizenry of lawson to help out the bijou in any way they can ... daley ( a subtle reminder ) ... short of the allocation of city fund ... wyatt ( agree ) ... short of allocation of city fund . daley ( enthusiastically ) second ! ernie ( brightly ) motion on the floor , discussion open , discussion close , all that in favor signify by say " aye . " all aye ! ernie hear no opposition , the motion be carry ! congratulation , luke , you get yourself a town to help you out ! CUT to : int . CITY hall basement storage room - day as the entire city council and the bijou trio look on , luke move to the memorial and pull down the huge piece of muslin cover it . Harry step forward and gather some of it in he arm . Ernie and daley step forward and look up at the monument . Ernie touch the name of he two sone inscribe on the base of the monument . ernie ( slowly ) you know , this really ought to be out where people can see it . luke overhear this last , and as he smile , he turn to Harry , who brighten as he pull a large section of the muslin taut between he outstretch arm ... CUT to : montage - with some hard -drive boogie - woogie under ... angle - the screen Harry 's on a ladder , snipping the cord hold up the old screen , which be drop , bit -by -bit , into the arm of luke and Adele , who be surround by a group of little kide , watch the going - on in wide - eye awe . Harry snip the last line , and the rest of the old screen drop down on luke 's head . suddenly ... luke's a ghost !! he raise he arm and play the bogeyman for the kid , who scream in mock terror and scatter , as Harry and Adele laugh . int . auditorium - day Old Tim and Harry carry a dilapidate row of seat up the aisle , as Adele and mabel move in , tear up the rotten carpete and sweeping up the dust and debris . the man be have a tough time carry the seat , and just as they be about to drop the row , someone rush in next to Harry and grab he end . it 's Carl leffert . a second later , someone else grab Old Tim 's end . bob leffert have a good purchase on the seat with he good hand and he hook . he nod to Old Tim , who step away , mop he brow . luke smile as he see this from the front of the auditorium . int . bijou lobby - day Harry , stanton and Mrs. terwilliger , with the help of avery Wyatt and he son Spencer , tear down the rotting drapery and scrape off the wallpaper cover the lobby wall . then , as Harry , Spencer and stanton sand down the wall , avery and Mrs. terwilliger hand they freshly - mix can of red wall paint and brushes . immediately , they all set to work painting . ext . the bijou sign - day luke be on the roof of the theater , plier in hand and tool box nearby . he 's just straighten out the " J " and he step back ... carefully ... to admire he handiwork . for the first time in a long time , the sign actually read , " the bijou . " but not for long . luke tense ... the building start shaking ... and the train pass by behind the theater . luke lunge out of the way as three letter shake lose and fall . once again , the sign read , " he B J U . " luke wince . ext . CITY hall square - day Ernie Cole and avery Wyatt stand solemnly at the front of a small group gaze at the base of the war memorial , as it take shape in a prominent place in the square ... int . auditorium - day Harry be on a ladder , attach the final spring stretcher to a corner of the muslin . it snap into place , and voila -- new screen ! luke , Adele , Doc lardner , and sheriff eldridge , stand below , applaud enthusiastically . int . orchestra pit - day as work progress all around she , Mrs. terwilliger have just finish dusting off the piano . she open the keyboard cover and trail she hand delicately over the key . she sit , close she eye , and begin to play -- chopin 's op. 10 etude no. 3 -- delicate , flow music . even though the piano be a bit out of tune , it 's still beautiful . as she play , all the work slowly come to a halt . before long , all eye be on she . everyone 's listen . transport . after a moment , she stop . overcome . everyone applaud . surprise , Mrs. terwilliger stand , and , blush , bow . luke that be beautiful . mrs . terwilliger I teach you that . luke I can play the piano ? mrs . terwilliger ( all fluttery ) oh dear , yes . you be a excellent student , before all that clarinet nonsense . you love chopin . you use to call it " heaven music . " " teach I some heaven music , " you use to say . she sit at the piano . mrs . terwilliger sit. play with I . luke no , I ... mrs . terwilliger some of it might come back to you . reluctantly , luke sit down to she leave . as she begin to play a chopin waltz , she encourage he to keep the 3 / 4 time . mrs . terwilliger that 's good ... that 's good ... but it 's clear luke have no idea what he 's do . he 's just plunk bass note . but after a moment , the bass figure he 's improvise start to change -- and before long , it 's transformed into the eight - to- the- bar figure of a boogie woogie beat . Mrs. terwilliger stop play , annoyed . mrs . terwilliger really , luke ! that 's no way to treat Mr. chopin ! she stand and move away . luke keep play , grin madly -- he 's loving it ! after a moment , Spencer Wyatt run over and take Mrs. terwilliger 's place , improvise the top half to luke 's bass line . old tim be tapping he foot to the beat . he turn to Adele and say : old tim I teach he that . off Adele crack up . the montage continue ... ext . the bijou sign - day luke and all the letter up again . he step back , check he watch , and like clockwork , the rumbling begin and a train go by . this time , however , only the " J " tip over at a jaunty angle . luke smile . int . mabel' diner - day luke , Adele and Harry , wear coverall , sit at the counter , devour hefty plate of turkey with dress and mashed potato and gravy . luke 's and Adele 's hair be practically white from plaster dust and Harry 's face and hand be stain with paint speck . at the other side of the counter , mabel be chat amiably with Bob leffert . she smile at he warmly , then turn to refill Harry 's coffee cup . Harry thanks she , then turn back to the newspaper he 's read . insert - the front page of the lawson journal -american prominent be the black - and - white photo of a little boy and a policeman hold up Pete 's jacket , with the accompany headline : boy , 5 , find suspected red be jacket on santa barbara beach Hollywood writer fear Dead be Red Agents involve ? dissolve to : ext . the bijou sign - night luke 's stand near the sign . he yell to Adele , down below on the ground . she , in turn , yell to Harry , stand near a switch panel behind the candy counter . he throw the switch ... ... and the sign light up beautifully ! then , they all feel the rumble -- the train roll past , and , although they rattle and shake , no letter fall . a cheer go up from Adele , Harry , and the small crowd of onlooker below . delighted , luke take a formal bow . the boogie- woogie end as we dissolve to : ext . CITY hall square - day on the memorial complete and polished , stand proudly in the center of the square . wider it 's a clear , balmy day , and the whole town be turn out . Mayor Ernie Cole be at the podium . he finish he remark , then pick up the two fade gold star represent the lose life of he son . he hold they up , high above he head . on the crowd one-by-one , the gold star of the town 's boy be solemnly hold aloft by they love one . luke and Harry stand at the side of the square , look out at the sea of four or five dozen gold star be hold aloft . luke catch a glimpse of a man in a army uniform ... luke's Pov it 's Bob leffert , stand with mabel , look very sharp in he dress green . he bring he hook -hand up and salute smartly . mabel take he good hand , squeeze it as she blink back tear . luke smile at this scene as Harry wipe he eye and put he arm around luke 's shoulder , pull he close and kiss he on the forehead . dissolve to : the same - later the lawson High School march Band be set up on the step of City Hall , play the " Star spangle Banner . " they be be conduct by they director , mr. phillip . luke and Harry , hand over they heart , watch and sing along . then , luke take a closer look at the drum major ... on the drum major , a tall young man wear a ornate brocade red and white uniform with " lhs " emblazon across the chest . on luke he have a idea . the anthem end , and luke excuse himself and move forward , buttonhol Mr. Phillips as he come down the step ... dissolve to : ext . bijou - day luke and Adele be on ladder , hang letter on the marquee , which read : grand re-opening tonight ! gene kelly a american in paris Harry come outside and get they attention . grandly , he gesture toward the door , and out stride old tim , wear he new uniform -- it 's the lawson High School drum major 's uniform , modify here and there . " b-i - j-o-u " be proudly emblazon across he chest in gold brocade letter . luke and Adele applaud . Old time look up at they -- and smile ! int . bijou lobby - night Old Tim stand at attention , clutching the front door handle . Mrs. terwilliger , wear a new dress , she hair newly and perfectly coiff , stand at the ready at she candy counter , ready to sell ticket and refreshment . Harry and luke nervously pace the lobby . luke check he watch . it 's time . he shake Harry 's hand , and nod to Old Tim , who swing the door open ... on the door immediately , patron come flooding into the theater . luke exchange surprised glance with Harry -- then walk outside . outside the theater luke come out and look down the block . he Pov the line of patron stretch two deep down the block and around the corner . luke smile . success . dissolve to : the bijou' marquee -- " fred astaire - royal wedding " int . bijou lobby - day luke 's sell ticket from behind the candy counter while Mrs. terwilliger sell refreshment to a line of customer . luke sell a ticket to a woman , who move away , revealing bob leffert and mabel . luke smile at Bob , who smile back , he eye now fairly dance with life . he plunk down he admission , and luke hand he two ticket , which he take with he hook-hand . mabel smile at luke , take Bob 's good hand , and they move away , revealing a farmer and he wife , 5as . the Farmer step up and hold out a pluck chicken by its neck . luke , surprised , jump back -- then smile , pull off two ticket , and exchange they for the chicken . dissolve to : the bijou' marquee -- " the day the earth stood still " int . behind the screen - night the only light back here be the light of the movie , spilling through the screen . luke be straighten up the backstage storage area , when Adele tap he on the shoulder . he turn , and she throw she arm around he neck and kiss he . she hand he a paper to read . on the paper luke angle it so he can read it by the light of the screen . it say : California State bar Association adele louise lardner have passed the State bar examination . luke , thrilled , grab Adele and pick she up , twirling she around with joy . he set she down and kiss she passionately . dissolve to : the bijou' marquee -- " sand pirate of the sahara " int . projection booth - night Harry be frantically thread the changeover projector . the bell on the run projector ding ! once , signal that the reel be come to a end . Harry look out the window at the screen , then back to the task at hand . int . bijou lobby - night luke come out of the office carry a fold movie poster . with a satisfied smile , he walk through the lobby , admire how handsome the old place look . Old Tim , snappily attire in he uniform , be sweeping a tiny pile of debris into a dustpan . Mrs. terwilliger be straighten up the candy counter . all be well . luke go to the lobby 's poster case . he open it , and unfold a brand - new one - sheet poster for " sand pirate " -- the same design as the one - sheet we see in Pete 's apartment . methodically , he thumbtack the poster up and close the case . as luke pass the auditorium door , a man come out of the theater and cross to the candy counter . the door stay open for a moment , and luke decide to duck inside and catch a bit of the picture . int . auditorium - night on the screen - " sand pirate of the sahara " the second - to- last reel of a black - and - white early - 50' programmer . it 's nighttime in the desert . a huge full moon hang over a b-movie soundstage version of the pyramid . gregory , a dark , handsome lead man in a pith helmet be engage in a fierce swordfight with khalid , the villain . Pete take a seat on the aisle near the door . gregory ( onscreen ) you do not think you can win this , do you ? Khalid lunge and draw Gregory 's blood . luke ( ala " Khalid " ) " ha ! I would say I be win ! " khalid ( onscreen ) ha ! I would say I be win ! luke 's look be " how do I know he be gonna say that ? " onscreen , a evil henchman be sneaking up behind Gregory . luke " Gregory ! look out ! " woman' voice ( onscreen ) Gregory ! look out ! Pete do it again . onscreen , Gregory turn and kill the henchman , then quickly dispatch Khalid . he stand over the body , catch he breath and say : gregory ( onscreen ) it 's all right , Rebecca . woman' voice ( onscreen ) be he dead ? gregory ( onscreen ) yes , Rebecca . he 's dead . rebecca , a beautiful american woman , come into view and take we attention because she 's be play by Sandra sinclair , Pete appleton 's ex-girlfriend ... on luke his mouth be gape open . he stare at the screen . luke ( a whisper ) Sandra ...? luke stand . confused , he stumble backward , move into the lobby as the man go back into the auditorium with he popcorn and the door close . int . bijou lobby - night luke be stare at the close auditorium door . Old Tim and Mrs. terwilliger take note of he odd behavior . mrs . terwilliger luke ? dear , be you all right ? without answer , luke turn and run to the poster case . on the poster - " sand pirate of the sahara " forget the cheesy b-movie artwork . as luke look at the poster , it 's clear that he 's remember something . he look at the picture of Sandra -- then scan down to the credit block at the bottom of the poster . his eye lock upon written by peter appleton luke my god ... my god ... no ... suddenly , all of Pete appleton 's worry have come crash down on he ... ... because he remember ... int . projection booth - night the warning bell ding ! twice , but the changeover projector 's carbon arc keep sputtering and the motor keep die . harry ( plead ) oh , baby , make you daddy happy ... Harry 's try to keep the projector go , as the previous reel be about to end . give no other choice , he finally give the changeover projector a good swift kick . it hum to life . a perfect changeover . Harry pet the projector . harry you be a good girl . no matter what I say . as he turn away , he feel a sudden , sharp pain in he leave arm . wincing , he grab he arm , stagger back towards a chair , and sit heavily . he try to clear he throat , but it dissolves into a hack , choke cough . he try to stand , but drop to he knee , clutching he leave arm harder than before . harry ( in pain ) oh , Jesus ... Harry fall to the floor , and as he do the film break in the projector gate ... flap ! flap ! flap !... int . bijou lobby - night luke be still stare at the poster , lose in think . offsccreen , we hear the audience whistling and hooting in reaction to the break film . Mrs. terwilliger have be call luke 's name , but he do not come out of he stupor until Old Tim come up behind he and spin he around ... old tim Mr. luke ! luke stare wide - eye at the old man . mrs . terwilliger luke ! luke , something 's wrong ! the film break , and I can not raise Harry on the house phone ! luke ( still daze ) what ? mrs . terwilliger you have get to talk to they before they tear the theater apart ! finally , luke pull himself together , hear the audience noise , and move toward the auditorium door . int . auditorium - night amid the shouting and toss of popcorn and debris , luke try to regain he composure as he stride down the aisle toward the stage . luke come on , folk , this happen every once in a while , just settle down ... the crowd quiet down a bit . luke shield he eye from the light and call up to the projection booth . luke Harry ! Harry , why do not you cut the projector and bring up the house light ? no reaction . just the flicker beam of light . luke Harry ? Harry ...? luke , grip by a sudden fear , rush up the aisle and into the lobby . the crowd go silent ... int . bijou lobby - night Old Tim and Mrs. terwilliger watch as luke tear into the lobby and make for the balcony stair ... int . balcony - night ... and charge between the seat and up the stair to the projection booth . int . projection booth - night luke burst in the see Harry on the floor . he rush over and kneel down next to he . luke Jesus ... harry ( with difficulty ) the film break ... luke I know , I know ... keep still . a man pop he head into the projection booth door . luke ( to the man ) get Doc lardner . CUT to : int . harry bedroom - night Harry be in bed , eye close . Doc lardner have a stethoscope to he chest . he lean up and pat Harry 's hand . he stand and come over to luke and Adele , who be near the door . just outside , angle for a view into the room , be Old Tim and Mrs. terwilliger . lardner it 's a pretty massive heart attack . his lung have fill with fluid , and , well ... it seem as though he body be just ... shutting down . luke can we get he to the hospital ? lardner even if we could , and the move do not kill he , there would be very little we could do there that we can not do here . ( put he hand on luke 's shoulder ) I be sorry . Harry 's eyelid flutter . harry ( weakly ) do you ... do you ... luke rush to Harry 's side and take he hand . luke I be here . harry do you ... do you ... luke do I what ? harry ( irritate ) do you fix the damn film ? it break in the last reel . luke I know . everyone go home . we offer they refund . harry anybody take it ? luke a few . harry ( close he eye ) vulture ... luke smile . harry I be not happy about this , mind you , but if I have to go , at least I be go in my own bed , the same bed my lily die in , and ... know that my son be alive . that 's not too shabby , be it ? luke you be not go anywhere , Harry . harry do not tell I , I know about this thing . I have see it before . it 's all right . it 's ... all right . you be here . oh , God , I love you , son . Harry smile . luke kiss he hand and lean up , whisper in Harry 's ear : luke and I love you ... dad . Harry smile faintly , look at luke . he nod , then close he eye . harry ( softly ) oh , so ... much ... lighter ... slowly , Harry exhales . his face relax , completely at peace . he do not breathe again . luke look at Harry 's face for a moment . then as the tear well up , he lean over and ever- so - gently place a kiss on Harry 's forehead . dissolve to : ext . lawson cemetery - day it 's a beautiful , bright , sunny day . luke and Adele stand at the front of the large group of mourner . reverend coleman , 5as , conduct the service . coleman we commit to the earth the mortal remain of Harry Bernard trumbo , safe in the knowledge that he immortal soul be at peace and at last reunite with he beloved lillian in the bosom of the Lord . let we pray . everyone bow they head . coleman " the Lord be my shepherd , I shall not want , he maketh I to lie down in green pasture ... " luke look up at the sky , then step forward and lay a single rise on Harry 's casket . then , as everyone surreptitiously watch , he turn and walk away from the gravesite , toward the cemetery entrance . Adele watch luke depart ... another angle ... and she 's not alone . Agents saunder and brett be watch everything from they car , which be park nearby . as luke walk away , saunder snap he photo with a long - lens camera ... dissolve to : the base of the war memorial , and luke 's name inscribe there . ext . CITY hall square - dusk luke stand in front of the memorial , head bow . after a moment , he sit , lean against the memorial . on luke lose in think , he bury he face in he hand . adele' voice ( o.s. ) mind if I join you ? luke look up , squinting . Adele stand above he , backlit by the golden light of the sundown . luke sure . she sit next to he . tentatively , she touch he shoulder . he lean into she , and she enfold she arm in he . pause . luke you father say ... that I would start to remember thing . suddenly , Adele feel as though she 's walk on eggshell . adele ( slowly ) what ... do you remember ? luke well ... everything . it start come back a couple of day ago . I remember everything now . adele I see ... luke delly . I be ... I be not ... Harry be not my father . and I be not ... I be not luke . she close she eye . all she suspicion be suddenly confirm . adele ( adrift ) oh ... her tear start , and she move to hug luke -- but instead , she start hit he , flail , beat on he chest . he hug she tightly , and she completely let go . adele ( cry ) oh , god , I know ! I know ! I know from the start ! I want you to be luke ! I want you to be alive ! you be so much like he , you have no idea . no wonder everyone else accept you ! you do not know what you -- what luke mean to this town , suddenly be alive ! you do not know what this town lose ! you just do not know ... she pull away , stand , and look he in the eye . luke rise . adele ( sobbing uncontrollably ) I know you be not luke ! and I try not to fall in love with you ! and ... I do not even know you name ! oh , god ... luke move toward she . she back away . luke I fall in love with you , too , delly . only now I do not know how I feel , about you or about anything . I only think I know how luke would feel . she 's still sobbing . he move to she , take she in he arm . luke delly , shhhhhh ... adele ( pull away ) no ... I can not ... I have to ... I can not ... she run off , cry ... dissolve to : int . mabel' diner - day on sheriff eldridge , make short work of a steak and egg . as he power down he meal , Agents saunder and brett , distinctly out - of - place in they dark suit and hat , enter the diner . they take note of eldridge , and come over . saunder be you the sheriff ? eldridge and I get the uniform to prove it . saunder I be special agent walter saunder , this be special agent Steven brett , FBI . May we have a word with you ? they flash identification , which eldridge note . eldridge ( gesture ) please , sit . they sit across from eldridge . as saunder speak , agent brett pull a photo from he coat pocket . saunder a couple of day ago , a county flood control maintenance crew pull a car out of the lawson wash ocean outlet . they check its registration , and when the owner be identify , they notify we . agent brett slide the photo toward eldridge . on the photo it 's Peter appleton -- luke . eldridge ( smile ) well , that would be luke trumbo . look like you boy have solve a little mystery we have have go on for a few month . BRETT Sir , that 's a photo of man name Peter appleton . he 's be miss from Los Angeles for close to three month now . eldridge what ? no , there 's get to be a ... saunder sheriff -- this man be a suspect communist . CUT to : int . sheriff' office - day ( oh , and by the way , from here on , he 's pete again . ) Pete sit across from eldridge , saunder and brett . the silence in the room be thick . pete be I under arrest ? eldridge glance at agent saunder , who stare at Pete impassively . eldridge well , no , but this gentleman would like to get some answer ... pete I do not know what else to tell you . I be not hide out . I hit my head and I do not remember anything until a few day ago . saunder now that you remember who you be , be you plan on tell anyone you true identity ? pete I already have . saunder who ? pete my girlfriend . if she still be ... saunder ( check he notebook ) would that be miss sinclair ? pete ( ironic smile ) no. no , not miss sinclair . I be talk about Adele lardner . agent saunder glance at eldridge . eldridge the doctor 's daughter . she be luke trumbo 's sweetheart . pause . saunder Mr. appleton , I have reason to believe you be hold something back , and that just rub I the wrong way . ( pause ) Sir , be you a communist ? pete ( firmly ) no. absolutely not . saunder all right . all right . we will see . CUT to : ext . sheriff' station - day Pete come out into the bright midday sun . it take a moment for he eye to adjust , and when they do , he become aware of perhaps twenty people lining the sidewalk in front of the station . pete' Pov we recognize several of the people . Carl leffert . Bob leffert and mabel lanier . daley thornhill . Katie rutherford . stanton lawson . now , there 's nothing in the least bit threaten about the gather -- and that 's what 's so disturbing about it . they be not a angry mob , they be just stand there , run the gamut of emotion . shock . disillusionment . betrayal . it 's a awkward moment . Pete do not quite know how to react . he want to go over and talk to they , but he would not know what to say . he wish one of they would talk to he , just say something , anything . but no one do . then , Bob leffert turn away from Pete . he shove he hook hand into he pocket and sullenly move away , follow by mabel , then he brother , then the other ... ... leave Pete alone . dissolve to : int . bijou lobby - night Old Tim , in he doorman 's uniform , stand by the open , empty door . Mrs. terwilliger , behind the candy counter , wipe up a imaginary spill , a full wheel of unsold ticket by she elbow . Pete anxiously pace the lobby . he look into the auditorium . every seat be empty . he glance at he watch , then turn to Old Tim and Mrs. terwilliger : pete let 's close up . as Mrs. terwilliger and Old Tim silently shamble off , Pete go over and flip off several light switch . most of the theater go dark . dissolve to : ext . the bijou sign - night Pete sit lean up against the base of the dark sign . a gentle breeze tousle he hair as he gaze up at the star . after a moment , he hear footstep come up the ladder to the roof . pete who 's that ? adele' voice it 's I . Adele climb onto the roof , come over and sit down next to Pete . adele hi. pete hi. pause . adele I be sure a lot of people down in L.A. be worried sick about you . pete yeah ? I be sure a lot more people down in L.A. want a piece of I . he turn to she . pete this luke be a pretty good guy , be not he ? adele ( wistful smile ) oh , yes . yes , he be . pete well ... let I tell you , I be not luke . I know who I be now , and you do not . and ... I do not like I very much . adele ( change the subject ) you know , it 's go to take I a while to get use to call you Pete . ( she take it for a spin ) pete. Pete . it 's a nice name . pete thanks , I like it . I think . pause . pete delly , I want to do the right thing . Pete can not believe he just say that -- but he do . adele I believe you . pete the truth be , I be a lot of thing , but communist be not one of they . adele but if you only go to one meeting , why do anyone care ? besides , why should it even matter if you be a communist ? pete come on , delly , look at the country today . we be fight communist in Korea , we be paranoid about the Russians , we have get this thing with the rosenbergs and the atomic bomb ... ( bitterly ) you think they want " suspect communist " entertaining the american public with party propaganda like , gosh I do not know , " Sand Pirates of the sahara ? " adele forget about all that . you want to do the right thing ? then defend you name . if someone say something about you that 's untrue , you have to stand up and say so . I know the law , and the law 's on you side . beat . pete what about you , delly ? adele I be , too . Pete smile and put he arm around she . pete you will stand by I ? adele whatever happen . they kiss , and we dissolve to : ext . rory' gas station - morning there 's a thick bank of coastal fog just down the road , obscure any view of the ocean a mile away . it 's deadly quiet as gas station owner rory , late 60 , pull up and park he model a truck . he get out , and a big old german shepherd , lottie , jump out of the truck bed . rory move to the door , and be about to put he key in the lock , when lottie start whining , look toward the fog bank and sniff the air expectantly . rory whatsit , girl ? he stop -- he hear something , too -- a low rumble . lottie start barking . the rumble be get louder . rory 's get worried . he look at the fog bank . it 's start to glow from within . lottie 's bark get louder and angrier . suddenly , a large black car punch out of the fog bank and tear down the road . it 's follow by another , and another -- and perhaps a dozen more car and truck , all head hell - bent-for-leather toward the town . rory move toward lottie , try to quiet she as the car fly past the station . rory shhhhh . I know , lottie . this time , I think it be the martian for sure . CUT to : ext . commerce STREET - day the place be bedlam , overflow with reporter , newsreel camera crews , photographer , you name it . a radio crew be broadcasting in front of mabel 's diner . the reporter be on - the-air , hugging he microphone , speak above the din . mabel stand next to he , he hand on she shoulder . Bob leffert stand nearby , grim . reporter I be here with mabel lanier , the owner of the diner here on commerce Street where appleton often take meal . Mrs. lanier , tell I , what be you thought about have such a celebrate suspect communist in you midst all this time ? mabel well , its kind hard to believe , ' cause luke -- I mean Peter -- be such a ... I mean , since he 's be back , I have never see the town so happy and all . it 's like he give we some ... I do not know ... some hope , I guess . reporter what she 's refer to folk , be yet another bizarre twist in this story . not only be appleton alive , but he 's be suffer from amnesia and live here in lawson , where , due to a startling resemblance , everyone in town for the last three month have take he for one of lawson 's dead war heroes , Albert trumbo ... mabel ( a catch in she voice ) luke . we always call he luke . mabel glance at Bob , who lower he head . CUT to : int . bijou office - day Pete be at the desk , stare into space . Adele lean against the radiator behind he . the silence in the room be thick . across the desk from Pete sit Leo kubelsky . leo the FBI can not arrest you , because you have not do anything wrong . pete well , that 's a relief . I understand they usually do not let that stop they . leo however ... you be gonna be subpoena to testify before the un- american activity Committee when they open hearing in Los Angeles . now , if you play ball and tell they what they want to hear , they will clear you . pete and I will not be a communist anymore . leo exactly . pete so it do not make any difference that I be not one now , and have never be one . Leo stand and walk to the window . leo kid , do not get philosophical with I . this be a game , but it 's not you game . you play by they rule , or they will ruin you . and they have the power to do it . adele do not it bother anyone that this be a perversion of democracy ? Leo turn to she and smile . his tone be charmingly matter - of - factly , not condescending in the least . leo darling , do not kid yourself . we do not have a " democracy " in this country . the declaration of Independence ? the constitution ? this be piece of paper with signature on them . and you know what a piece of paper with a signature be ? it 's a contract . and you know what a contract be ? something that can be re-negotiate at any time . it just so happen that the House un-american activity Committee be be - negotiate the contract this time around . Leo take out a cigarette , light it . leo next time , it might be the FBI . the time after that , it might be the President . but it will always be someone . Count on it . pete that 's not the country luke fight for . leo lest we forget , Peter , you own military career be somewhat less illustrious than luke 's . pete it 's wrong , Leo . leo Peter , do not let that stop you all of a sudden . Leo pull a fold paper from he coat pocket and hand it to Pete . leo here . when you be call , read this to they . just tell the bastard what they want to hear , and we can all get on with we life . there 's a knock at the door . Leo open it . stand there be a small man wear a serious suit and a even more serious fedora . the man Peter appleton ? pete ( stand ) you find he . the man reach into he breast pocket and withdraw a blue back fold document , which he hand to Pete . as he do , a flash light the room . at the door , a pair of photographer and a newsreel cameraman be jockey for position . Pete roll he eye . the man Peter appleton , you be hereby subpoena to appear as a witness before a special session of the House Committee on un-american activity . you be to appear in Los Angeles , California , at the biltmore Hotel , at the date and time specify herein . Pete take the subpoena . there 's a awkward moment , as the newsreel camera be still roll . Pete cradle the subpoena like a oscar statuette and smile into the lens . pete ( " on " ) this be a great honor . I will treasure this always . thank you . CUT to : the subpoena in a partially - pack suitcase . wider int . pete' bedroom - day Pete be sit in a chair , read the statement Leo give he . pete ( softly ) " I , Peter appleton , do hereby renounce my membership in the american Communist Party , and by way of purging myself of my indiscretion , wish to provide the follow name of fellow member to this committee , so that that person may have the opportunity to do as I have do ... " he scan down the page . it 's a long list . pete Jesus ... he hear a " meow ! " and turn to look . cat be stand in the bedroom doorway . he fold up and pocket the list . pete Old Tim ? after a moment , Old Tim appear in the doorway , wring he knit cap in he hand . old tim can I ... can I t-t - talk to you ? pete sure . come on in . I be just pack . Pete stand , gesture Old Tim to the chair , as he sit on the bed . pete please , sit . old tim thanks . he sit . pause . old tim they will come back , you know . they will all c-c-come back . pete the customer ? I do not know ... old tim they will . they w-w-will . Pete turn to Old Tim , fix he in the eye . pete Tim , I have to tell you something . old tim oh. pete it 's about I . old tim oh. pause , as Pete gather courage and try to find the word . pete I be ... I be not luke . luke be dead . he die in the war . he 's not come back , and I be not he . I do not even belong here . this whole thing start out as a accident , and that 's all it be . a accident . old tim oh ... pete my name be not luke . it 's Peter . Peter appleton . Old Tim stand and look askance at Pete . pause . old tim do you think I do not kn-kn-know that ? pete ( take aback ) I think you ... old tim I know more than you give I c-c - credit , that 's for sure . do not you see , it do not m-m- matter who you be ? all that matter be what you g-g - give we . and you can not take that away now . you be wrong , Peter appleton . you do belong here . he lean down to Pete . old tim you hafta give we back the b-b - bijou . Old Tim straighten up , nod at Pete . then , silently , he pick up cat and exit . dissolve to : ext . lawson passenger depot - day Pete and Adele walk slowly down the platform toward the wait train . adele you have get everything ? pete yeah . except a chance in hell of come out of this intact . adele you will be fine . no matter what Leo kubelsky say , you have get a hundred and seventy - five year of american law on you side . do not forget that . pete I wish you be come with I . adele and who 's gonna run the projector until you get back ? Mrs. terwilliger ? pete maybe we could train cat to run the projector . you know , a system of scratch post , and gear , and lever ... they both smile as the train 's horn blow . conductor board ! Pete pick up he suitcase and they walk toward the passenger compartment . adele do you bring along something to read ? pete damn ... Adele pull a pocket -size leather - bound book out of she purse and hand it to Pete . adele I do not think so . here . this be mine , you can borrow it . insert - the book well - wear and scuff , nevertheless the title be clear : constitution of the UNITED states annotated edition Pete look at the book , then at Adele . adele not exactly light read , I know . believe it or not , I have read this since high school , and it get I all the way through law school . besides , there 's something in there that will help you . you will not have to get very far , it 's near the beginning . pete ( clearly touch ) delly ... thanks , thank you . I will take good care of this . adele just remember two thing . first , the law be a live thing . it make we free and it keep we free . sometimes it get twisted around by people for they own purpose . sometimes it make mistake , sometimes big mistake . but in the end , the law prevail for the just . sometimes , it take a while . pete okay . what 's the second thing ? she think for a moment . she need the right word . adele I will be here ... if you come back . the train pull out . Adele and Pete exchange wave as we dissolve to : int . biltmore HOTEL grand ballroom ( los angele ) - day the House Committee on un-american activity have effectively take over the Grand ballroom of this magnificent hotel , and the joint be pack to the rafter . member of the audience crane they neck to see out into the hallway , from where the witness will be enter . the committee member be seat at they dais , brightly light by the dozen of newsreel and tv light . elvin clyde be seat at the far right . Dead center of the dais be the Chairman , congressman T. johnston doyle of Wisconsin , a husky man in he late 5as . he slam he gavel down several time and the room go quiet -- the talk stop , and the camera start whirring . int . lardner live room - day Adele 's in a chair , eye glue to the tv set . Mrs. terwilliger and Old Tim sit on the couch , watch attentively . Doc lardner 's in a straight - back chair at a jaunty angle to the set , hold the rabbit ear uncomfortably high aloft . adele that 's perfect , dad . doyle ( on tv ) the committee and the chamber will come to order . lardner force a smile at Mrs. terwilliger and Old Tim . lardner ( sweat and wince ) this television 's a grand little invention , be not it ? int . biltmore HOTEL grand ballroom - day doyle the agenda for this morning 's special session of the House Committee on un-american activity show a number of witness , and I would like to admonish that that be here to view the testimony of we first witness to keep order at all time , or this chamber will be close . I be refer especially to the lady and gentleman of the press . I hope that 's clear . beat . doyle scan the room . he clearly mean business . doyle call Peter appleton . all eye and camera swing toward the door . on pete as he enter the chamber , dozen of flashbulb fire as every eye and every camera follow he silently to he seat . as he sit , he glance behind he . pete' Pov Leo kubelsky be sit in the front row of spectator . he smile and nod at Pete . Pete do not acknowledge he , and turn back . doyle the witness will please stand and raise he right hand . Pete do as instruct . doyle do you swear that the testimony you be about to give before this committee of the United States House of Representatives will be the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth , so help you god ? pete I do . doyle be seat and state you full name and place of residence for the record . pete Peter Kenneth appleton . Hollywood , California . doyle the chair note that you be appear without the benefit of counsel today , Mr. appleton . we certainly hope this mean that you intend to be fully forthcoming with this committee ? pete ( faint smile ) I will do my best , Mr. Chairman . doyle now , we be inform that you have a statement you would like to read , be that correct ? pete ( innocently ) a statement ? doyle and clyde exchange glance . doyle yes . a prepare statement . pete um ... no . I do not have a statement at this time . Pete turn in he chair and wink at Leo . Leo roll he eye and shake he head . int . lardner live room - day Adele breathes a sigh of relief . mrs . terwilliger I think he 's do very well , so far . adele they have not call out the dog yet . doyle ( on tv ) very well then , the question will be ask by the majority counsel , Mr. clyde . the tv shot swing to see elvin clyde . he put on he glass and fix Pete with a oily grin . adele I speak too soon . clyde ( on tv ) thank you Mr. Chairman , and thank you Mr. appleton , for appear today . int . biltmore HOTEL grand ballroom - day clyde Mr. appleton , you mention that you home be Hollywood , California . but be not it true that for the last several month , you have make you home in a town call lawson , California ? pete Sir , that be true . clyde Mr. appleton , do you know a " Albert Lucas trumbo ? " pete luke trumbo ? we never meet . but I would like to think I know he . clyde be that because you be masquerade as luke trumbo while you be in lawson ? pete Mr. clyde you be twist thing around . I be not masquerade . luke trumbo ... luke be a good man who give he life for he country . I just ... happen to look a little bit like he . that 's all . clyde ( refer to note ) yes , I see that private trumbo be report miss in action and be presume dead . I also see that you be post stateside during the war . Fort dix ? pete yes , sir . clyde well , I be sure we be all glad to see you come through it all right . a few spectator titter . int . mabel' diner - day mabel and Bob listen to the hearing on a radio in the pack diner . clyde ( on radio ) now , I see that you have be run a movie theater in lawson call " the bijou , " be that also true ? pete ( on radio ) yes sir . but I do not go to lawson to run the bijou , that be ... that be something that just happen . you see , I be involved in a accident in lawson , and I spend some time recover there . int . biltmore HOTEL grand ballroom - day clyde hold up copy of the Los Angeles examiner and Los Angeles Times with Pete 's picture on the front page . clyde anyone who read the newspaper be quite familiar with you ... " accident , " Mr. appleton . a accident which , conveniently , come hard upon you dismissal from United picture . tell we , this " accident " of yours , be we give to understand that it affect you memory ? pete yes . clyde and what be the state of you memory now ? beat . Pete smile . pete I be sorry , what be the question ? the audience laugh . clyde nod at Pete , force a tight smile . clyde we ... appreciate ... you little note of levity , Mr. appleton , but this be a very serious matter , and it merit you fullest attention . ( back to business ) that state of you memory now , Mr. appleton ? int . wyatt' hardware - day avery Wyatt listen to the hearing on a store radio . Spencer come around the paint aisle , wiping he hand on he apron . he move to the radio and listen solemnly . pete ( on radio ) Sir , be you refer to the fact that I be suffer from amnesia , and I have since recover my memory ? int . biltmore HOTEL grand ballroom - day clyde ( impatient ) I be interested in know if you remember thing you do in you past , or if they have be conveniently " blott out " as a result of you " accident . " pete ( smile ) Mr. clyde , I remember everything . clyde good. good . ( hold up a piece of paper ) now , I hold in my hand a photostatic copy of the attendance roster for the " bread instead of bullet Club " of the University of California , Los Angeles , date October 11 , 1935 . a copy of this paper be before you , Mr. appleton . do you recognize it ? Pete look on the table and find the roster . he 's surprised to see it . pete yes ... yes , I do . clyde refer to line thirty - seven of the document , do you print name and signature appear there ? pete yes it do . clyde Mr. appleton , please tell this committee what be the nature and purpose of the " bread instead of bullet Club ? " pete Mr. clyde , do you want to know what I know then , or do you want to know what I know now ? they be two different thing ? clyde start with what you know then . pete well , I would direct the attention of counsel and committee to line thirty - six of the document , and the name print and sign there . clyde we see it . for the record , it read " Lucille angstrom . " what 's the point of this ? pete well , that 's what I know then . or who I know , I should say . you see , I be try to court miss angstrom . I go to the meeting to impress she . clyde ( grin ) be you ask this committee to believe that you attend a meeting of a communist party front organization in order to impress a girl ? pete ( slyly ) well , if you would see miss angstrom ... the audience laugh . doyle bang he gavel . pete you ask for the truth . that 's the truth . I have no idea what the meeting be about . I just sit through it so I could be near she . I be sure even a majority counsel like yourself be familiar with the concept of impress a girl . the audience laugh . clyde shoot a look at doyle , who bang he gavel . doyle chamber will come to order . clyde shuffles some papers and look back at Pete . clyde all right , Mr. appleton . that be what you know then . what do you know now ? pete ( take a deep breath ) well , I know that I lose my job because of one meeting I go to when I be a kid in college . I know that I have be brand a communist , which I be not , but even if I be , it should not matter , or what do we have a Bill of rights for ? clyde Mr. Chairman , the witness be be non-responsive ... a few member of the audience applaud . as Pete speak , they number grow . pete ( passionately ) I know that a lot of good , honest , decent people , people that I consider my true friend , feel betrayed by I , not because of who and what I be , but because of what you say I be ! I know that I ... doyle bang he gavel several time . Pete stop and the room fall quiet . doyle ( emphatically ) Mr. appleton , you will respond to the question of this committee without elaboration or speechmake , or the chair will find you in contempt of Congress . you will not be warn again , be that clear ? ( he let this sink in , then ) continue , Mr. clyde . clyde ( look down at he desk ) Mr. appleton ... clyde take a long pause for effect , then look up at Pete . clyde be you now , or have you ever be , a member of the communist party ? pete no , sir . clyde ( hold up the roster ) be you refute this evidence and you previous testimony ? pete I be not refute anything . clyde yet you be contradict yourself . you earlier testify that you attend a meeting of a communist party - run organization , yet you just say , under oath , that you be not now -- nor ever -- a member of the communist party . pete that 's not a contradiction at all , sir . I go to the meeting , but I do not go as a member . clyde well , then , as what do you go ? beat . Pete smile . pete I be a little hesitant to say . doyle the witness need not be hesitant to say anything before this committee , as long as it 's the truth . Pete shift in he chair , then lean into the microphone . pete well , I go as ... a horny young man . the chamber erupt in laughter . even the other committee member be laugh , except clyde and doyle , who bang he gavel vigorously . int . sheriff' office - day sheriff eldridge and daley thornhill listen to the hearing on the radio . they be both laugh at Pete 's last comment . eldridge damn , he do not wanna spar with this boy . they will eat he alive . int . biltmore HOTEL grand ballroom - day the room settles . doyle wag he finger accusingly at Pete . doyle ( angry ) Mr. appleton , you be make light of a legally constitute committee of the United States Congress . believe you I , you do not want to incur we wrath . pete ( matter -of - factly ) I be sorry , sir , I have no intention of make light of this committee . and I have no intention of incur you wrath , Mr. Chairman . I have a few friend who have already incur you wrath . they have send I letter from jail . clyde ( interrupt ) Mr. Chairman ! Mr. Chairman , the witness be make another speech . I would ask that Mr. appleton be admonish ... doyle ( indifferent ) Mr. appleton , there be no question before you at this time , but I be sure Mr. clyde have plenty more prepare , and if you would like to either answer they or plead the fifth amendment , we can at least get on with the business of this committee . int . lardner live room - day Adele move to within inch of the tv screen . adele tell they Pete . tell they ... pete ( on tv ) ( wrestle with this ) Mr. Chairman , as I understand it , the fifth amendment pertain to self - incrimination , and I can not incriminate myself because I have do nothing wrong . besides , incrimination be why you have Mr. clyde work for you . clyde ( on tv ) Mr. Chairman ... int . biltmore HOTEL grand ballroom - day clyde be still protest , but doyle wave he off . doyle well then , Mr. appleton , just what be you intention ? Pete 's sweat under the light . he 's bluff he last bluff , and he 's on the rope . he reach into he pocket ... and take out the prepare statement . int . lardner live room - day pete ( on tv ) I ... Mr. Chairman , I have a prepare statement I would like to read ... adele her hand go to she mouth . adele oh , pete. no ... int . biltmore HOTEL grand ballroom - day doyle go ahead , Mr. appleton . pete ( slowly read ) " I , Peter appleton , do hereby ... " he stop suddenly . pause . doyle Mr. appleton ? Mr. appleton ? pete I ... I need a drink of water . doyle go ahead , son . Pete fill a glass from the pitcher . nervously , he spill a bit , and be splashes onto he coat . as some of the spectator chuckle , Pete brushes the water off . he reach into he pocket , and pull out Adele 's copy of the constitution . the cover be wet . he wipe it off and set it down on the table . he take a sip of water . look at the book . pick it up . Pete 's terrify , but in control . he speak slowly -- he 's make this up and think it out as he go . pete Mr. Chairman ... there 's ... another amendment ... that I would like to invoke at this time , but it 's not the fifth amendment . I wonder if you be familiar with it . doyle Mr. appleton , you will ... he open the book and read , tentatively at first . pete " Congress shall make no law respect a establishment of religion , or prohibit the free exercise thereof ; or abridge the freedom of speech , or of the press ; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble , and to petition the government for a redress of grievance . " pause . silence in the room . adele she 's smile at the tv . her eye be fill with tear . pete he look up at Chairman doyle . now fully confident . pete that 's the first amendment , Mr. Chairman . it 's the backbone of this nation . it 's everything that give we the potential to be right and good and just -- if only we would live up to that potential . it 's what give I the right to sit in this chair and say my piece before this committee without fear . it 's the most important part of the contract that every citizen have with this country . and even though this contract ... ( he hold up the book ) ... the constitution and the Bill of rights -- even though they be just piece of paper with signature on they -- they be the only contract we have that be most definitely not subject to renegotiation . not by you , Mr. Chairman , not by you , Mr. clyde , not by any member of this committee -- or anyone else -- ever . pin-drop silence in the room . Pete scan the face of the panel . all betray anger . on leo he can not help but smile and nod appreciatively . pete and when you get right down to it , that 's really all I have to say to this committee . good morning . and with that , Pete close the book , pick up the prepare statement , rip it up , push back he chair , stand and walk toward the door . the camera swing with he , and flashbulb fire like machine gun . doyle bang he gavel insistently . doyle the witness will resume he seat ! do you hear I ?! you be not excuse , Mr. appleton ! and then , slowly , applause build in the chamber , reach a crescendo as Pete reach the door and exit . clyde Mr. Chairman ! Mr. Chairman ...! dissolve to : ext . biltmore HOTEL - day as Pete exit the hotel , a dozen reporter and photographer have he completely surround . flashbulb pop . he 's take aback , flustered . first reporter ( see Pete ) there he be ! second reporter Pete ! be you go back to write picture ? pete I do not know ... third reporter you a commie , Pete ? pete no , of course not ... second reporter what about the girl , Pete ? you gonna marry she ? be she come to Hollywood , or be you ... pete look , fella , I do not have anything to say ... Pete be trap in the crowd , when he feel a hand on he shoulder . leo spin he around , and push he through the crowd toward the curb . leo come on , kid . at the curb be a black cadillac limousine . Leo haul open the back door and push Pete in , before climb in himself . the limo drive away , as the reporter give chase . int . limo ( moving ) - day Leo and Pete sit side - by-side in silence for a moment . Leo break it . leo that be quite a show you give they today . we shoulda sell ticket . pete I be not sorry for what I say . leo no , of course not , why should you be sorry ? you be the new Peter appleton . you exercise you rights as a solid citizen , first amendment , freedom of speech , all that . very noble . they sit in silence again for a moment until Leo reach into he pocket and withdraw a gold cigarette case , which he open and offer to Pete . leo cigarette ? pete no thanks . Leo take one for himself and light up . Pete take off he hat and nervously scratch he head . leo when would you quit smoking ? pete luke do not smoke . leo oh , I see . but you be not luke . you be Peter appleton , the picture writer . pete ( laugh ) not any more . leo why not ? pete Leo , you be in there , you see what I do . you think they be gonna let I write picture ? Hell , they be probably gonna throw my ass in jail . leo ( with a smile ) not at all . pete besides , I do not even know if I want to write anymore . leo ( snicker ) what , you be go to go back to that hick town and run the projector and marry the doctor 's daughter ? but before Pete can answer ... leo Peter , I be a agent . I buy lunch and get deal make for guy like you . that 's what I do . you be a writer . you write picture . that 's what you do . and trust I , you will be back do it again tomorrow morning . pete what do you mean ? leo kid , you give they what they want . this committee , it feed on name . the more name , the better . but for some high - profile witness , like yourself , any name will do . pete Leo , I do not give they the name . I would not do that . leo what , all of a sudden , " Lucille angstrom " be not a name ? Pete freeze . he slowly turn to Leo . pete ( warily ) her name be right there in front of they . they give it to I , I do not give it to they . leo well , that 's not what they think . pete Leo , she be ... she be a girl I know in college ... leo you should keep track of you old school chum . turn out she eventually join the communist party . ( take a puff ) on top of which , she 's Lucy angstrom hirschfeld now , and she happen to be a writer for " Studio one " on CBS . pete ( realization dawn ) oh god , oh , god , no , I ... leo so , we lawyer have a talk with the Committee 's lawyer . that elvin clyde fella will not be too happy about it , but we cut a deal . they clear you -- and they be gonna thank you publicly for you testimony purging yourself . pete thank I publicly ? for what ? for ruin this woman 's life ? leo ( dismissive ) climb down off you cross . they already know about she . ( off he look ) she be subpoena six month ago ! who the hell do you think name you ? Pete be dumbstruck . he slump in he seat , ashen . leo ( he could not be happier ) all of which mean ... " ash to ash " be gonna be make , and you have get you job back . ( take a puff ) congratulation , kid . Pete 's breathe shallowly , on the verge of tear or scream -- or both . ext . pete' apartment build - day the limo pull up , and Leo open the door . Pete vacantly grab he suitcase and get out . Leo shut the door and call after he , wave Pete 's hat . leo Peter ! you hat ! Pete come back and take he hat . Leo grab he hand . leo I be lookin ' out for you all the time , kid . you do good . I be real proud of you . ( to the driver ) okay , let 's go . ( to Pete ) get some rest , kid ! as the limo pull away , we CUT to : int . pete' apartment ( l.a . ) - day the door open , revealing the Super , follow by a sullen Pete , carry he suitcase and hat . he set they down and go to the coffee table , where he box of belonging from the studio have be gather dust this last three month . super ( hand he a key ) here 's a new key for ya . that Mr. kubelsky , he 's get you pay up through this month . you get one swell friend there . the Super move to the door and turn back . super good to have you back , Pete . he exit as Pete reach into one of the box and pull out the tin-toy fire truck . distractedly , Pete put the toy back in the box and reply too late : pete thanks ... he set he suitcase down and take off he coat . as he do , Adele 's copy of the constitution slip out of he coat pocket and fall open to the floor . Pete pick it up and absently turn it over -- and the inscription inside the front cover catch he eye : to delly , the girl with all the answer . love , luke Pete close the book . he think for a moment , then glance over at the phone . he pick it up and dial " 0 . " pete western Union , please . CUT to : ext . train ( moving ) - day we view of the move train be from outside , as it speed up the spectacular coastline north of Santa Barbara . look into one of the train 's window , we see Pete sit , stare out at the pass scenery . pete' narration ( v.o. ) dear Adele , on my way back to lawson stop . that be , if they ' will have I stop . train arrive four p.m. stop . hope you can be there stop . Pete . dissolve to : ext . lawson passenger depot - late afternoon the train be just pull in to lawson . as it shudder to a halt , the door of the passenger compartment open and Pete step out -- look -- and he jaw drop open ... he Pov the entire town have turn out . they be all there , smile broadly . a large , hand - lettere banner read : welcome home pete ! lawson's favorite son a cheer go up from the crowd , break the silence . Pete descend from the train and move into the throng . the first two people he encounter be Bob leffert and mabel lanier . bob stick out he good hand and Pete take it , both smile as they shake hand vigorously . bob luke ... um , I mean , Pete , if it be not for you , I would not have have the nerve to ask this fine woman to marry I . mabel 's mouth drop open . pete Bob , congratulation ! when would you ask she ? mabel Holy moley ! just now ! ( to Bob ) yes , Bob ! yes ! as mabel kiss Bob for all she 's worth , Pete continue into the crowd , where he 's kiss , embrace , pat on the back . adele be at the back of the crowd , work she way to the front . she rush into Pete 's arm , and they kiss . another cheer go up . pete I see you get the telegram . adele Pete , I be so sorry about what they do to you . I do not think you would come back , I think you would want to write again ... pete dell , I can not write unless I be happy , and I can not be happy unless I be here -- and with you . ( grab she shoulder ) this be I , delly . Pete appleton . and I love you ! adele ( tear in she eye ) and ( hic ! ) I love you , Pete ! they kiss again . Pete pull away and look at he watch . pete ( smile ) c'mon , dell , we gotta go . showtime in fifteen minute . the train whistle blows as it slowly pull out of the station . pete' narration ( v.o. ) " happily ever after " be a relative term , folk . my world be much smaller now , and my dream be very different than they be . but I have something now that I never have before : I have the magic . and it 's for sale at the bijou , every day of the year . all you need be the price of a ticket . we boom up to see Pete and Adele move into and be envelop by the crowd . Spencer Wyatt 's band be assemble in front of the depot office , and they kick into some up - tempo boogie- woogie as we move up and away -- still in the same shot -- move over the town , settling down again to grab a shot of the bijou 's marquee . the neon chaser light pop on , illuminate the sign , which read : the end then , the letter on the marquee start shaking . we boom up to the top of the theater , and the " bijou " sign ... ... as the train rumble by behind the theater ... ... and the " J " teeter loose and swing by a thread ... ... and we Iris down on it and ... CUT to black .