cabaret a screenplay by jay presson Allen ( first draft ) page 1 cabaret the title in white against black screen . gerian gothic lettering , all silent . a ba ee see lan , about half - way through the credit , fade - in sound of people talk mingle with sound of cutlery and dish , this will eventually become the background sound of the cabaret . ' lio music . pore during the final credit a-drum roll be hear demand attention . it end with a loud cymbal crash . ' the sound abruptly stop - silence - Black screen . in the black we hear the open '' vanp " . ( a old=hat musical introduction to a vocal entrance , short for , " vamp until ready " . ) at end of vamp rearey G cur to : nse oy full head closs - up master of ceremonies singing directly into cahera , ry i i + a bizarre make -up . very white , heavily rouge , lipstick make exagyerate bow of nis mouth , patent leather hair .. total effect : depravity . ery - tc. ( sing ) Willkommen , bienvenue , welcome fremde , etranger , stranger ... pull back to reveal he be a little man dress in period tail , he carry a stick and be sing to a audience , nang above and behind he be a large mirror approximately the size of a small movie screen . it be tilt slightly downward and distort the reflection of the back of the i1.C. , as well as the face of he audience . uc. ( continue sing ) glucklich zu sehen je suis enchante happy to see you bleibe , reste stay Willkommen bienvenue welcome Im 'cabaret au cabaret to cabaret ! nspeak with heavy german accent ) ii€ine damen und herren ... ' iesdame et messicurs ... lady and Gentle - man ! sateen ek ane en een ae eer ea os ; , ae page 2 mec. ( continue he spiel ) gute abend ... bon soir ... good evening ! ' ie goot 's ? comment can va ? do vou feel good ? ich bin euer confrencier eee je suis votre compere ... I be vour host ! ( he sing again ) und sage wee Willkommen , bienvenue , welcome Im cabaret , au cabaret , to cabaret ! as the h.c. address he audience , we see that every table have a telephone which connect to the other table , each table prominently numbered so that the customer can call one another , tease , flirt , make assignation . the club , with all its tawdry and p2rverse ambiance be patronize , however , by quite respectabie middle - age bourgeois . at the bar and at one or two of the table , we see more questionable patron ... two voung woman dress in man 's clothes . caught in the moment of move from the lesbian ' table to more conventional company be elkd , a very beautiful , but heavily make - up girl in a long lavendar chiffon gown . she greet several customer , it be obvious that elke be a kit kat klub employee . we see she pass a salvation artiy gipl who be go from table to table , solicit money . elxe sniff dis - dainfully . h.c. ( cont would ) leave you trouble outside ! so eee life be disappoint ? for= get it ! in here life be beautiful ee . the girl be beautiful ... even the orchestra be beautiful ! he cross to the wing and help pull on a roll platform upon which a sleazy all ~ girl s5 - piece jazz combo be play a chorus of willkommen . cur to : ext . train - day Willkommen music under ... lose it under train noise . peer through a window as the train slow , come into the station , be brian robert . he be about twenty - four or five . he be excited . he read the station - sign : '' berlen , hauptdahnhof " page 3 int , train compartment - day brian gather up he coat and suitcase , ith he in the compartment be another passenger , a small rather prim man of about sixty . as the train pulis in , the man carefully fold he newspaper . but not before tia have have time to see the date , '' March , 1931 " on it . the man stand up prepare to quit the train . lle have trouble reach overhead to bring doun a package . quickly brian , try to help , reach up and get the package for the uan , but as he do so , the train give a final lurch and brian knock against the man . when they straighten up , brian sce that he have knock the man 's toupee badly awry . s5rian speak fluent german , brian oh , entschuldigen sie oitte , . I be so sorry . erlauben sie , mein herr. ( hand the man the package ) ludwig ( totally unaware of the condition of he hairline ) das macht nicht . vielen danke . bria ( can not let the little man leave the compartment in this condition ) I say ..e ( he point slightly ) ludwig ( reach up , suddenly understand , laugh merrily ) kal ( attempt to straighten it ... srian shake nis head ) nicht ? brian solemnly put the part in the middle where it seem intend to be . be oe ed pe ss ee '' rain De cine ae ba ee page 4 brian there , jetzt ist es in ordnung . the man nod , and they leave the compartment together , CUT to : int , station platform - day brian and ludwig walk on platform . ludwig ( smile benignly as he hand he card to brian } the finest room in Berlin . I live there myselé , brian but I can not afford the finest reom in Berlin , ludwig say only Ernst ludvig send you . I can not accempany you as I a pass today through Berlin to stettin , ( hold out he hand ; brian smile and shake ludthig 's hand ) and dear young gentleman , welcome to Berlin ! Willkommen ! CUT to ; int . kit kat klub - night hc. ( sing ) Willkommen , bienvenue , welcome Im cabaret , au cabaret , to cabaret ! as the number continue , we again see the salvatioi army girl , she be leave the club . cuT to : ext . kit kat klub - night giusic under ) the salvation army girl , come out of the klub entrance , as a boy of nineteen , wear a Nazi brown - shirt uniform ( Sam Brown belt , armband with swastika ) enter . ile , too , be solicit fund . he carry a tin can with a slot in it for coin . page 5 as they pass each other , he raise he eyebrow inquiringly . the salvation arny girl smile gently , shrug ... " so - so " , .. the shrug imply . the yodug nazi take heart and enter the club . instantly he be ushere out by the irate manager , viak . lax enough 's enough ! first the christer , then you crumb . iz there 's anything leave in they pocket , I want itl understand ? the boy make a bluff gesture to strike back , but the manager give he a kick and the boy hurry off . a sandich man wear a placard advertising a rival club , " venus in pelz " with a picture of a naked girl wear a fox fur around she neck , stand watch max and the nazi , the manager now aim a kick at the sandwich an . under the forego , we hear : " Willkommen , bienvenue , welcome , fremde , etranger , stranger ... cur to : ext . berlin STREET - day ( liusic under - lose it under train noise ) lower middle - class residential area . brian , with he suitcase in hand , stand on the doorstep of one of a row of house , check address , then ring bell . there be a moment 's wait . at the end of the street , a overhead train pass by . the noise be plainiy discernable at this distance . while brian be consid - ering this , the door open . stand in it be a very young girl with a shiny clean face , but wear a soile old kimono which she clutches with rather grubby little - girl hand , the fingernails . of which be paint bright green . the girl be sally boule . sally ja ? / brian ah , gute tag , fraulein . ist die Gas haus von fraulein schneider ? ikonnte ich sie sprechen ? ich suche ein Zimmer . . page 6 sally ~ well ... fraulein schneider nicht zu hause ... uh , so , sie wollen kormen und warten hier ? ( even we can under - ~ stand that sally 's german ' be atrocious . brian cannot help smile ) brian you be american ? sally you be English ! how marvelous ! ( notice he eye on she fingernails ; wiggle she finger ) divinely decadent ! come in . fraulein schneider be not here at the moment , I have to send the poor old liebling out shopping ... brian move past she into the house . sally close the door after he . I int , fraulein schneider' rooming house - day sally lead brian from the hallway into a reception room , stuffy , shabby and overfurnished . sally never stop chatter . sally ( cont ) eeee I 'mdestitute , but I can not possibly grind tne poor like old schneiderkin ... Jew they down over the price of egg , which I practically live on when I be break , ify name 's Sally . ( offer he she hand ) Sally bowle . brian ( take she hand quite formally ) I be Brian Roberts . sally have you a cigarette , Brian , darling ? I be desperate . quickly , brian produce a package . sally take one and from she kimono pocket bring forth a ridicu - lously long cigarette holder . she smile delightedly at brian , page 7 sally ( contd ) oh , schon , englischen Zigaretten ! cur to : int . kit kat klib - night - music up and under u.c . and now present ... the cabaret Girls ! the girl enter , dance . there be about six or eight of they . ail be rather grossly sexy show a lot of overripe flesh . heavily make up , even by cheap theatrical standard . they costume bring to mind the filmy , inadequate cover of George grosz 's woman . i1.c . fach and every one a virgin . you do not believe I ? well , do not tzke my word for it . go ahead ... ask she ! outside the wind blow ... but here it be so hot ... every night we have the battle to keep the girl from take off all they clothing . so do not go avay . who , know ? tonight we may lose the battle ! liusic up as the girl . dance . cuUT to : int , schneider' receptio#i rooli - day ( Music under ) arrange in a self - consciously sexy position on the ratty old sofa , sally do she version of theda bara with the cigarette holder . it be obvious that brian find she deliciously foolish . / sally hy God , I have even begin to think in german . brian how long have you be here ? sally forever . brian how long be that ? page 8 sally almost three month . ( bria laugh ) what be you laugn at ? brian nothing . really . {his smile be utterly disarming ) be there a room available here ? sally there 's a marvelous room . ( jump up ) come on , t'1l show you ... {at the door ) you will adore it ! they move down the hall , turn a corner . sally ( contd ) would you like to see my room ? ( fling open the door of a room ) . there ! be not it absolutely stately Homes ? fifty mark with breakfast . even when you be late with the rent . yould you like a prairie oyster ? CUT to : int , kit kat klub -, night ( music up ) the girl be dance , sing willkommen lyric . I see elke at the bar . the arm of a big middle - age businessman tight around she shoulder . she get a look from il ax . quickly pick up she cue , she snuggle up to the customer , beg for more champagne . CUT to : close shot sally 's hand as she crack a egg into a glass . sally prairie oyster , darling ... pull back to show sally and brian in Sally 's room , stand beside a open cabinet which contain she rather singular provender ... egg , worcestershire sauce , liquor ... as well as toothpaste and brush in another glass . - pba tree as redak . . page 9 very adroitly , she crack another egg into the tooth - brush glass from which she casually empty its intend content , sally ( continue ) it 's a egg with worcestershire sauce all sort of woosh up together ... . ( she remove the long cigarette holder from she mouth and use that end of it to ' woosh ' up the egg ! with the sauce . brian watch the operation , fascinate ) I simply live on they . they work instantly on even the most sinister hangover , sally {hands brian one of the glass , sus - piciousiy , he eye its content ) do you ever know elsie willard ? in London ? the honorable elsie willard ? brian no. should i ? sally everybody in London know elsie . brian ( good humoredly ) actually , I have be do post - graduate work at Cambridge , I do not get -down to London too often , {one last look at the mess in the glass , then heroic - ally , he downs it ) sally marvelous , be not it ! briand ( think fully ) peppennint prairie oyster , page 10 sally ( laugh ) you get the toothbrush glass . cuT to ; int . kit kat klub - night {ilusic up and under ) girl - ( sing ) wir say ... willkommen , bienvenue , welcome Im cabaret , au cabaret , to cabaret ! h.c . and now to serve you ... waiter , bushoys , entertainer appear . all ( sing ) . Willkommen , bienvenue , welcome fremde , etranger , stranger glucklick zu sehen je suis enchante . lappy to see you bleibe , reste , stay Willkommen , bienvenue , welcome Im cabaret , au cabaret , to cabaret ! curt to ; int . shall bedroom - day ( music under ) the bedroom be very small , dreadfully cramped and pitifully appointéd , as well as dark . sally and brian stand in the doorway . ' sally ( cheerfully ) well , after all , what do you need in a bedroom but a bed ? brian well then , I need a bigger bed . I have get to take in English student . sally " ( laugh ) oh , you can use my room . ( take he hand , : pull he out ) ' page 11 camena hove thfii into sally roo ?! the door be open , i'e can see across the hall to the open door of the other roen , sally ( cont . ) ( gesture the whole setup ) you see ! it 's like a suite . anc I be hardly ever in . in the day I be usually dash , an@ at night , I work until late in a cabarct . and when I get through there , I usually go out . I mean , I may bring a man home occasionally , but only occa= sionaliy , because I do think one ought to go to the man 's room , if one can . I mean it do not look so much as if one expect it . so you see , you can use this room prac - tically all of the time . brian - how old be you , Sally ? sally I be rush toward middle age with outstretch arm ! I embrace the menopause ! ( grin ) nineteen . but I have get ancient instinct . and I have ese perfectly marvelous vibration about you . so you be to move right int okay ? brian ( hesitates only : a momeni , then smile helplessly ) okay . there be the sound of a door open and close . foot in the hallway . sally run to the door to check , turn back , whisper . sally ( sotto voce ) it 's praulein schneider . now let I do the bargain . CUT to : page 12 int , schneider' hallijay sally , she arm around the shoulder of a dumpy german woman of about sixty ... still wear she hat and coat and carry a bundle . sally lieble ! absolutely the most marvelous stroke of luck for you ! wy cousin ! from London ... CUT to : closeup brian sally voice over I be try to persuade he to take that dreadful little room across the hall .... bria smile , snake he head in wonder . cuT to ; int , kit xat xlub - night entire company do big finish , asc . & company ( sing ) Willkommen , bienvenue , welcome Im cabaret , au cabaret , to cabaret . direct segue into h.c. 's speech : i.c. heine damen und herren ... mesdame et hessieurs ... lady and gentlemen ... and now the kit kat klub be proud to present a beautiful young lady from America . she be so beautiful , so talented , so charming that I have yesterday say , '' I want you for my wife . " and she say , " you wife ? what would she want with I ? '' ( a few member of the audience laugh ) I give you : the toast of broadway «+ . fraulein Sally bowle ! CUT to : page 13 closeup sally wow she face be make - up , exotic eye , improbable lash . she be wear a red lias - cut dress with nothing under it . she smile confidently , and begin to sing . sally number ( Jew song to be write for this spot ) at the end of sally 's number , we cut to table near front , brian sit there alone , applaud enthu - siastically , delighted with sally . CUT to : sally leave the backstage area , give a big smile to a hulk young wian , this be klaus : stage - manager - electrician . sally ( cheerfully , but firmly ) that second amber 's late again , klaus , darling - I will be back in a few minute ... cur to : long shot of sally , quickly thread she way through table behind brian , make certain he do not see she . she stop at the table of a dark , good - look young ij a , who rise quickly to greet she . she smile , sit down , speak to he . we see she point to brian , who be now watch the backstage curtain , in the hope of see sally .- sally grin , pick up the telephone on the table , speak into the mouthpiece . cut to : brian 's table . his phone ring . he be startle , then amused . he answer it . brian hullo ? ... Sally ? where be you ? {he listen , then turn around and spot table no . 17 ) 1 cut to : page 14 long shot sally table , sally wave . brian hang up , stand , and start move toward sally . he pass the beautiful elke on he way . she boldly reach out , grab he hand . , _ elre ( softly ) na , mein susser ? brian smile , shake he head ; the girl shrug , turn she attention to a table of three boisterous man . brian move on toward the grin sally . cut to : sally table brian reach the table . the dark young man rise quickly , click he heel , b8rian give he a smile , but be really eager to congratulate sally . brian but you really can sing ! sally ( beam ) I know ! be not it marvelous ! Brian , darling , I want you to meet fritz ... my oldest friend in Berlin , the two young man shake hand . fritz be quick - move , eager to please . fritz at you ' service , my dear chap . welcome to we city . ( hand 8 rian a cara ) I serve the blackest coffee in Berlin . you will pay I a call , please , at once , brian I 'd@ be delighted . thank you so much , they sit , . sally I know you would adore each other . fritz , darling , you keep Brian cempany while I go back and speak to klaus , 1 page 15 during the above , brian 's eye have be catch by the exquisite elke ; who sinuously glide from the businessman 's table to the nem' roqii , which she enter , lriail 's eye widen a bit . sally notice . sally ( frown slightly ) well , of course she be a boy ... but she hate qoing €6 the Men 's room . 1 think they be mean to make she . she always go sit down , brian how do you know ? sally she tell I . she 's the only nice girl in this place ... ( sally rise , give brian 's shoulder a pat ) I will not be long . { she go ) fritz ( eying the retreat - ing sally ) eventually I believe I be get crazy about she , ( brian siile , which fritz sensitively take to be a criti- eism of he English ) I do not myself express correctly ? brian ( ambiguously ) I take you meaning . prit2 ( rather pleased , but honest ) on , no , I think you do not , my dear chap . Sally and I , we do not sleep on each other . bria with . with each other . fritz ( nodd ) uith , I be speak a lousy English just now , Sally say you may free yourself to give I lesson . ( hore ) page 16 '' pritz ( contd ) she tell to I , sir , that you be from Oxford , a profe ~ sor of language . brian ( amused at sally 's hustling ) I would be pleased to help you however I can . pritz excellent . I have just now time . Business be lousy and terrible . I make import - expost with machinery . ( shrug ) it be not reliable . ( brood ) I would like to do something reliable . ilake a good marriage . it be only sensible . uo not you agree ? brian yes , indeed . cur to : h.c. on the stage - night - dressed as wrestling refered . hc . ( hold up he hand ) and now , gentlemen ... Gentle - woman of the audience , a sur - prise , the kit kat management bring to you the winner of the berlin- oder regional run - ner - up to the pan-german Congress of Lady Worsteler ... he beckon and onto the stage be wheeled something like a oversize playpen contain some six inch of viscous mud and two wonen wrestler stand in the mud . they wear satin tight , high - lace classic wrestler 's boot . ' they more than ample bosom be cover by what appear to be simply man 's sleeveless undershirt . , the wonen stand , throughout the remainder of the introduction , smile happily , but modestly , at the audience . page 17 i1.C. ( contd ) and so , meine herren , if you axe very good , perhaos I might arrange for the winner to give you a real pan-cerman hug ! ha , you like that ? sol ( address the wrest - ler ) , be you ready , lady ? commencez ! pour le sport ! ' the drum roll and the ' lady 's fall to with a will , bump , grapple , tear at each other 's under - shirt ( fragile fabric ) . in second they be not only stripped to the waist , but also indistinguishable from each other , so richly be the mud distribute . the audience , delighted , howl with laughter and en- couragement . cur to : ext , STREET approaching overhead railway - night it be very late . the street be almost totally desert . brian and sally be together , walk . sally be still wear she stage make -up . over she long dress , she wear a ratty old pony coat with a fox collar . the shop window they pass be poor and dingy and mostly dark . the only light one be a pawnshop . brian I want to stay at least a year «+ . if I can hold out . all the great research material be here . I be work on my D. phil . sally what ? brian Doctor of philosophy . I be inter - est in the 19th century Germans . sally ( dead pan ) but be not they all pretty much dead ? brian how in the world do you ever find you way to the kit kat klub ? ' ie ably tobe ok retry woo cea sl ine = page 18 sally '' through the last stage manager 'e Eric . he be divine and a absolutely marvelous lover , but he get a job in keme and aban - doned I . . ( shrug ) oh , well , actually my number do not go too badly , do you think ? 1 prian I think you be astonish . sally ( solemnly ) I be a most strange and extra - _ordinary person . I be go to be a very great star , of course . ( frown ) if booze and man do not get I first . do I shock you , darling ? brian not a bit . no one ever shock I when they try to . sally {interested ) why do you say I be try to shock you ? brian I have a idea you try and shock evervone , I think you be actually rather shy and it 's just nerve . if you claim to go to bed with every man in Berlin , you still will not convince I that you be La Dame aux camelias ... because really and truly , you know , you be not , sally how do you know ? bria I have ancient instinct . sally ( smile ) oh bri , you be a darling . ( they resume walk ) be not fritz a absolute liebling ? page 19 sally ( contd ) you must stick he plenty for the English lesson . we can afford it . ( look at he ) somehow I do not think you be very good at goid-digge . brian ( straight - face ) but you be . sally ( righteously } well , at least I try . come toward they , on 's the sidewalk , be a strange motorize vehicle , three wheel , a seat and a steering device , it be just large enough to hold the crippled young man who propel it through the dark , steering with one arm , the other , cuddle close to hin , a very old dog wrap against the night air in a blanket . on the front of the vehicle , fly several small flag , one a swastika , as sally and briaw approach and pass this strange night vision , they do not speak . when it be go , they resume they conversation . brian where be you parent , Sally ? sally my mother 's dead . since I be ten . daddy 's in the diplomatic service . he 's a terrible snob , of course ... ( laugh ) . strong on appearance because he 's so short on money . one of that . but , actuaily , we adore each other . of course , he would absolutely pass over if he know what a old whore T a . brian how in the world do he ever let you come alone to Berlin . sally oh , he do not . that he let I do be stay on in London after . he get transfer to rumania . iwas at rada . ( hore ) bese beye '' , page 20 sally ( contd ) {very british} the poval Academy of Dramatic Arts ... nassume a histrionic attitude ) that 's where I get so dramatic ! I be bored to death . you be suppose to spend two year learn to fence ! anyway , I have this mad friend . elsie ? brian ( nod ) the honorable . . sally well . so I move in with she for a while . then after she die ... brian die ? the honorable elsie ? sally ( nod ) pill . poor elsie , well , after blsie die , I decide to come to Berlin with another actress . - she say we would be able to get filn work with the ufa ... which do not exactly work out . so here iwas . actually I be a marvelous gold - diger , so ... I sleep with this guy at the kitkat ... and he get I the job . it pay practically nothing ... mostly just tip . ( giggle ) = write daddy that I be tour - ing with a operetta . ( look up , she face light up ) here come the train ! run! run! dragging brian behind she , she sprint for the street under the overhead . she be just in time . as the train rush by above they , sally open she mouth and to brian 's consternation , scream and scream and scream ... the sound alnost completely muffle by the noise of the train , with the train 's pass , sally shut she mouth and smile beatifically . page 21 brian ( shake ) fly God ! what be that about ? sally I always scream when the train go over . ' sometimes I come out and wait espec - ially . it 's delicious . you must try it next time , let 's go home , she once again cozy up to brian 's side and walk toward fraulein schneider 's . CUT to : ext , kit kat klub - night the street be almost desert now , two waiter come out , bid each other a hasty good night , go in opposite direction , we be conscious of a shadow move in tne dark of the next building front . now , il ax , the manager of the klub , emerge , carefully lock the door behind he . turn he collar up against the night air , he start down . the street . suddenly , out of the shadow , three men show themselves , two of they be wear civilian clothes , but we recognize the third , he be the young nazi who be solicit fund earlier , soundlessly , the three set upon hax , one hold he , the other two take turn hit he face , cut to : int . kit kat klub - wight crashingly loud bavarian music - show light pull up - klub audience wildly enthusiastic . the :ic , still in he cabaret make - up , but how wear shirt and leiderhosen , be perform a traditional bavarian slapdance . , , upon a unidentifiable girl partner ; he smilingly administer face and body slap in time to the music . the comic violence of this dance should play in juxtaposition to the . inter - cut scene of realistic violence . ilusic cut off on each quick cut to the mugging . quick CUT to : il ax , be knock to the ground , bloody , but silent still , as the in.5 be begin to kick he brutally , quick CUT to : EES sss at page 22 shot of mc 's foot in sturdy bavarian boot as he foot continue the rhythm of the slapdance , quick CUT to : shot of na2 zi 's foot , kick max , quick CUT to : smiling mce , dance , slapping , stomping , . quick CUT to : on the music 's last beat , the young nazi aim one final kick at max , who roll over in silent anguish , fade out : int , brian be room - day brian , dress in slack and shirt , sit up in he bed , surround by book and papers ; there be a knock on the door , brian ( without look up ) use up all the hot water again , : I daresay ... a the door open timorously . ludwig enter , he be dress for the street , very dapper , carry hat , glove , large briefcase , he toupee bravely center , ludwig herr Roberts ? brian jump ... it be impossible to extricate himself from the paper , ludwig please , you will not trouble yourself , I be not convenient ? brian no . I mean you be convenient , I be delighted to see you , ludwig so , , ( reach into he coat for a card which he hand to brian ) my business card , page 23 ' brian ( read the card ) yo. be in publishing ? ludwig ( nod ) literature be my life 's passion . ( a deep sigh of satisfaction ) so . I come to you , my dear young gentleman , because I see that you be clever and industrious , ja ? and I say , perhaps there be some write talent , brian ( shake he head ) oh , no ... I be afraid not ... ludwig ( press right on ) perhaps not great creative talent «+e. how many have that ? .. , but enough for transiate , perhaps . you be perhaps interested ? to make some money ? 1 he have anticipate brian 's interest and begin to unlock , unsnap , unfasten he formidably secure briefcase . he hand . brian a small bound volume . brian take it , read the title page , begin to leaf slowly through a portion of the text . ludwig ( cont ) the good translator must feel the language ... the delicacy of expression ... and he must bring , of course ... enthusiasm , ja , enthusiasm ! feeling ! brian read a bit here , a bit there . finally he look up . ludwig ( cont ) can you do this , young sir ? brian I would like to try . ludwig ( de light ) splendid ! splendid ! ( hore ) Nie fss ete ere era een page 24 ludwig ( cont ) ( stand , hold out he hand , which brian take , they shake ) fifty mark for this . more , of course , for longer work , cur to : int , schneider' reception room schneider be finish the tell off of a young woman , kost . kost be not bad look , a little heavy , badly dress , she be furious , schneider I warn you no more ... . kost I pay my rent like everybody else ! who come to my room be my business ... schneider ( implacable ) but no more business with sailor , no german sailor , no french sailor , no japanese sailor .. , kosst tir , kamajuri be not a sailor . he be a very high - class businessman , : schneider high-class businessman , yes . sailor , ' no. turn to go ) last warming . kost flounce out the opposite exit , cur to : int . hallway next to bath kost angrily knock on door , kost you have be in there a hourt other people in this house pay rent too , you know , the door open and sally emerge in a cloud of steam , page 25 * sally I be sorry , fraulein . I be just have a lovely soak , then I decide to wash my hair , kost fas she push past sally into the bath ) no consideration ! she slam the door , sally shrug , hug she warm body happily , move down the hall , cuT to ; hallway cutside brian room wed close - up sally ye see a idea beginning to take hold , she stare at the door , grin . cut to : int . brian root brian , still in bed , deeply immerse in the book ludwis have leave he , ' there be one sudden loud pound on he door , then sally burst in , hugging herself , shiver , brian look up , frown . sally ( shiver pitifully ) I be freezing ! tug I ! Quick ! body warmth ! that damned water heater ! freeze , freezing ! ° hug meet she throw herself against brian who carefully move she away from he papers before he begin methodically slapping and rub she arm and back , sally allow this for a moment , shiver encouragingly . she this close , quivering girl 's body ) . sally grin mischievously , snuggle against he , sally ( cont ) hug! tight. tichter ! { brian obey . '' sally look up at he ) bri , darling , do not be so literal , ( she tiptoe up , kiss hime the kiss last a bit longer than a moment ... it be return ( hore ) page 26 sally ( cont ) but not passicnately , it be sally who pull away . she regards brian with interest ) you be very polite , bri . I kiss you , you kiss I back , now what ? brian | ( laugh ) now I return to work and you go get dress , sally ( sit down on bed in front of brian . stare up at he ) the hot water do not really run out , darling . under this robe I be all warm and rosy and tingling . nreach up , pull at he shirt ) what be you under this ? brian ( still try to kid ) cool and pale , very little tingling under british broadcloth , sally bri , darling ... ( hesitates , stare at he ) it occur to I eae brian : ( try to ward off whatever it be that might be occur to she ) I really must get on with my work , Sally . sally ( plunging in ) but , I mean , let 's be absolutely frank . maybe you just do not sleep with girl , ' brian be paralyze between two reaction ..- anger , and , in he case , perverse attraction -~ there be a pause as he control himself , page 27 sally ( after pause , press on ) oh , you do not , do you ? briaw ( finally ) actually , I do not , sally mapologize ) gee , I be sorry ! bri , I just do not get it , you know . I mean it 's sohard for Americans to tell with englishmen , whether they be queer or just well - breed . prian ( a rather thin smile ) the condition do occasionally overlap , sally well , just for the record .. , be you put off by all female body , or just_mine ? be my bedy ghastly to you ? brian {ca not help smile ) you know you body 's beautiful , Sally . . sally ( quickly open the robe to examine herself eritically ) '' do you really think so , darling ? it do have a certain style . ( take brian 's hand , put it on she stomach ) very flat here and not much hip ... rather boyish , actually ... brian ( retrieve he hand , ne be quite shake , but determine not to show it ) this be a extremely banal seduction scene , Sally , you will forgive I if I do not play it , page 28 sally look at he speculatively for a moment , then tie she robe back up . at last she grin . ' sally well , I just think I would try . you might have be tempt ... and it would be so convenient ... oh , bri , darling , do not look like that ! I promise I will not pounce again , please do not be angry . brian ( can not help laugh ) I be not . it be not convenient . sally ( delighted with brian 's laugh ) I do adore vou , bri , you be my very best friend , and it 's much harder to find friend than lover . ( philosophically ) sex always screw up a friendship if you let it , ( put she arm around brian 's waist affectionately ) so we just will not let it , okay ? closeup brian his face above she head , a rather sad smile . he lean down gently , kiss she head , sally ( nuzzled@ against he ) okay ? . brian okay , Sally . the sound of a young tenor be hear sing a capella ( unaccompany ) as brian put he cheek tenderly against sally 's hair , tenor ( over ) ( sing ) the sun on the meadow be summery warm , the stag in the forest run free , | dissolve to : close up of " young tenor " tenor {choral group under ) but aather together to qreet the storm , page 29 pull back to reveal a choral group of young man , they be perform in the entrance rotunda of the charlottenberg Palace for the benefit of the Palace sight nseer , tenor and group tomorrew beleng to I , '' CUT to : hed , shot sally and brian they be in . another part of the rotunda , brian seat on a bench engross in a book , sally stand beside he listen to the choir , tenor and group ( over ) the branch of the linden be leafy and green , the rhine give its gold to the sca . sally reach over and close brian 's book . sally Brian , do not be impolite -- listen . tenor and group ( cont over ) but somewhere a glory await . unseen tomorrow belong to I , CUT to : wed . shot of choral group choral group : the babe in he cradle be close he eye , the blossom embrace the bee , cut to : two shot - sally and brian listening sally they be great ! CUT to : hed . shot of choral group choral group but soon say a whisper , arise , arise tomortow belong to I , CUT to : page 30 ext , charlottenberg palace ground - day sally and brian ualking - brian anfcempting to read - iusic over cur to : ext . SMALL chateau on palace ground ~ lat runuing down to a - shall pond sally and brian mount step to terrace of chateau . CUT to : tho shot - brian and sally - they cross to the terrace balustrade . brian seat himself on the balustrade ~ sally stand . both face up try to take advantage of the meager sunlight . after a moment , brian resume read . choral group ( over ) tomorrow belong to I . CUT to : tho shot - sally and brian - ( lusic over ) sally compete for brian 's attention by join the song . he close the book and listen . sally ( sing eud with offstage choral group ) tomorrow belong to we , ( speak ) be not this marvelous ! we be terribly good for gach other , be not we darling ? you be so dreamy and inteliectual , and a absolute infant about money -- while I have get drive and practicality .. % brian look up , startle by the idea of sally 's practicality , then delve back into he book , which annoys sally , sally oh for Pete 's sake , you have have you nose stick in that boring old book all day , ( she close it again ) page 31 brian for you information , this boring old book be earning we fifty Marks .we6 sally fifty mark ! brian I be do a translation for herr ludwig , I have be work on it for a couple of week . sally you never tell I ! fifty mark ! oh , darling ! we be richi stink , reek rich ! ( she grab the little book from he , read the title ) " cleo , die Dame mit Der peitsche " I do not get it . brian it 's about a lady name cleo who keep helpless german businessman cruelly chain to pony cart and whip they bare - ass through snowbound bavarian village , uphill . sally stare at he , slowly comprehend . then she laugh uproariously . sally you be work on a dirty book ? brian ( smugly ) top that for practicality . CUT to : int. sally room - late day the room be unnaturally tidy . brian be alone , wear a jacket and a tie . he be read Hein kampf , at a point , he say , " Christ ! " and slam the book down , stand up , take a deep breath , check he watch , there be a soft knock , . cut to : closeup fritz's beaming face . '' ee - page 32 pritz ( cheerfully ) fraulein schneider say I can not come in , vut here you see I , yes ? widew shot to include the dark visage of schneider . she and fritz stand in doorway to sally 's room . schneider I tell he , herr Roberts , ( to fritz ) herr rubert erwartet heute eine Dame , brian it 's alright . do come in , fritz , how have you be , fritz ? fritz I think the world be lousy . or I pulloffa new deal in the next month , or I go as a gigolo , brian ( automatically ) either -- or , pritz either - or , eventually , there be no business , '' though do you expect ? brian a new pupil , a girl ... natalia landauer , fritz landauer ? of the big department store ? how do you mect a landauer ? brian : I have a letter of introduction , from England . fritz the landauer be enormously wealthy , brian ( nod agreeably ) stink , the page 33 fritz ( after a highly charge look at brian ) will you marry she ? brian ( laugh ) ne ? wo , of cours2 not , fritz do you want she ? brian only as a pupil . fritz then if I should meet she and perhaps make a pass after she , you would not mind ? brian but you have not see she , fritz why would that make a dif ference ? I tell you , Brian , I need money . ultimately , business must come first , I suppose she be a jewess ? brian ch , yes , pritz ( shrug ) well , there be always something , " e hear the front door ring . brian that will be watalia , ( smile teasingly at fritz ) actually , she 's very pretty . and quite intelligent , fritz how do I look ? ( get out a comb , rush to mirror , laugh at himself ) you will help I to arrange the marriage . settlement ? page 34 brian nanuse ) New do you know she will have you ? prilz ( still a bit of humor ) all woman will have I . the door open and sally enter , sally . I forget my key , thy fritz , darling ! ogoe to cabinet ) T must have a drink .. , this minute ... ( the cupboard be almost : bare ) oh , god. only gin ... ( take the bottle ) brian . Sally , natalia landauer be due any moment ... ( plead ) can not the drink wait ? I do rather need she , we need she , sally ( stare at the bottle ) it 's a question of what come first , darling , miss landauer or my desperation , I have have the most difficult ... once more , ' je hear the front doorbell ring . brian Sally , please . natalia 's very young , she 's be very protect , so please do not ... sally ( indignant ) bri , I may have my little fault , but do not carry on as if I be white - slave virgin to Latin country ! ( to fritz ) honestly ! brian and keep you fist clench ! that bloody green nail ! uhat 's more , they be grubby ! page 35 there be a knock on the door , watalia ( v.0 . ) herr Roberts ? ich bin es , natalia landauer , CUT to : closeup schneider schneider be beam . schneider ja , gnadige fraulein . er erwartet sie , bitte sehr , CUT to : open door , schneider stand formally to one side to allow natalia to enter , schneider ( announce proudly ) fraulein landauer , herr Roberts ! likd. closeup watalia she be a very pretty girl , about sally 's age , but look young , although she manner be very serious , very formal . very german . brian ogoe to ner ) fraulein . {takes she elbow ) this be friend of mine . miss bowle , fraulein landauer , and herr wendel , frauelin landauer , fritz ( beam and click he heel ) sehr erfreut , gnadige , fraulein ! brian fraulein landauer have come here for conversational English , fritz , so we will all speak English , fritz I be so charme , gearest miss . page 36 natalia bow again , then shake hand with sally . as she shake with she right , sally place she leave hand at she neck , pretend to adjust she collar , actually use the gesture to provocatively spread she finger , the better to show off the green -color nail , natalia notice , blink , sally how do you do ? natalia I be well , TI have have a cold , but it be better now . sally such a bore ... sneezing and sniffle ... natalia this be a cold in the chest , not in the head , all the plegm be here , opoint to she chest , which be noticeably more generously proportion than sally 's ) sally all the what ? natalia the plegm that come into the tube . bria ( he face perfectly straight ) , ° eee ae the py watalia ah . then there be a rule , you will give it to I please . schneider now enter with a coffee tray , it be quite elegant , with little pastry and little serviette , when sally notice this , she eyebrow rise . schneider serve natalia first , with a murmured , deferential " gnddge fraulein " , to sally 's annoyance , fritz also hover excessively around watalia , page 37 sally ( to natalia ) rule ? oh , dear , mlaugh merrily ) you can not 's learn English by rule . it 's total anarchy , English . be not it , Brian , darling ? brian ( to natalia ) there be many rule , but there be also many exception . natalia so ? then I be sorry , ( open she eye mockingly ) I can not help you . at this other strange pronouncement , fritz and sally stare at natalia , only brian understand natalia 's way of speak . he smile at she . brian very well , I shall help you . natalia ( for the first time , she really smile . it be a enchant smile , even a little mischievous ) good . we shall see . fritz ( beam ) will you . allow I to pass you a cake , dearest miss ? natalia thank you no . I do not eat between meal , and no sugar , neither , just plain black coffee . fritz ( hover over natalia ) that , too , be how I like it , Black , black , black , like otello , sally can not bear all this attention on natalia . she turn to brian , page 38 sally oh , bri , do I tell you ? I see a film the other day about syphilis .. , two awful ... I would not let a man touch I for aweek ! be it true you can get it from kissing ? fritz oh , yes . ( to brian ) and you King , Henry the eighth , catch it from let cardinal wolsey whisper in he ear , natalia that be not , I think , found in fact , but kissing , most decidedly , sally and towel and hairdresser and cup eee ( set hers down ) really , Brian , darling , have not you . anything more brace than coffee ? I mean , darling , if you only know what I have be through this afternoon , nbeam at natalia ) I expect Brian have tell you about I . I be a actress . I spend all afternoon make love to a old Jew producer who 's promise to give I a contract , brian and fritz freeze , watalia merely regards sally as she would 4 strange declension , sally ( lock from one to the other ) oh , dear , have I shocked fraulein landauer ? ( to natalia ) I be so sorry . natalia no , I be not to be shocked . ( staunchly ) it be true I be a most bourgoise young woman , but not victorian , no , wow I must go , I think , ( vise ) page 39 brian ( distress ) but you hour be not nearly over , natalia I will pay for all the hour , but now I must meet with my mother , | fritz please , may I accompany you ? 7 natalia my dear young man , I be not sixty year old , and I can go home unmolested by myself , brian ( quote ) " Bin weder , fraulein , weder schon , kann ungeleitet nach hause gehen , " watalia ( smile ) from " faust " , sally what do it mean ? brian it mean , " I be not a virgin , and zt be not beautiful , and I can go home alone , " sally ( regards natalia with interest ) not a virgin ? brian for heaven 's sake , saliy , natalia be quote poetry , CUT to : tuo - shot , brian and natalia watalia straighten she coat , put out she hand to brian . natalia it have be a most interesting time . lose educational , CUT to : wa int , page 40 brian bedroom ~ laye day sally be curl up on the foot of brian 's bed , brian be propped up at the head , a book in front of he face . he be speak to she , but do not lower the book , brian ( coldly ) --- because you be a bitch and a brat , that 's why . sally ( indignant ) I go out of my way to be nice to she ! brian ( lower he book to glower at she ) have not you any small talk except fornication and syphilis ! sally ( swooningly ) I adore syphilis ! brian ( not amused ) and incidentally , natalia landauer be jewish , sally you be just furious because I be have sex with another man , you be jealous , brian jealous ! sally you hate the idea of klaus , too , brian ( coolly ) liay I remind you , Sally dear , that it be not my pleasure to lay sexual claim to you . I be most assuredly not jealous , sally haybe not jealous , but you be possessive , es page 41 briaw ( regards she fishily ) only to the extent that we be friend , and it pain I to have a friend who reveal herself to be a stupid , prejudice little provincial , ( he expression change slightly , soften as he sce she mouth begin to tremble} in any event you be lie . you do not sleep with anybody this afternoon , sally ( surprised ) how do you know ? . brian oh , Sally . you be so transparent , sally Brian , do you know , I think you really do love I ? you care about I , ( brian almost smile ) do you think she will come back ? natalia ? brian probably , she 's intellectual , she will decide it 's she duty to understand you . . sally what on earth be fritz up to ? be he after she ? brian she 's very rich , you know , sally nell , he will never get anywhere with a girl like that ... hover over she and mew ! the only thing that work with that kind of girl be to make a ferocious pounce , ' brian T vannot imagine anyone pounce on natalia , page 42 sally no , darling , ' that 's why it 's so effective , . ( she fling herselz on he ... demonstratively ) say you adore I ! brian ( laugh ) never ! sally ( she hand around he throat as if to throttle ) so ? then I be sorry . I can not help youl ! ( they laugh and roll about like puppy until sally be push to the floor ) '' CUT to : ext , tiergarten - day , obviously a cold , rather windy day . watalia and fritz , walk together , natalia warmly , sensibly clad ... sturdy walk shoe , warm stocking , a knitted tam and scarf . she be a vigorous walker , enjoy the fresh air , the cold , the exercise . her check be rosy . her eye shine . fritz be oblige to make a occasional skip to keep up . he be suitably dress for the outing . fritz ( recite , with as much emotion as natalia 's pace will allow ) evcceseseee gem , der nicht mehr liest , sich auf die augen legen , di er schliebt , nleok to she for approval . her look be noncommital ) ' die er schliebt ' ... be it not a lovely phrase ? for you , natalia , I write such thing , natalia it be lovelier still in English . pritz rut in English I be not sufficient for compose love-lyrics . , you must be satisfied with german , page 43 natalia ( straight - face ) I have English sufficiéntly , now dow do it go ? ( frown , pretend to concentrate ) ' verzauberte : wie kann ... kann ., .! fritz ( encourage ) " ... kann der cinklang zweier ...! nptalia ( nod ) so. in English I give you . -' enchant one : how shall two vhosen word achieve the harmony of the pure rhizius which in you like a signal come and gous ? from you forehead the leafy lyre climb ... ' fritz ( stricken ) watalia . . watalia ( relentless ) ' and all you be move in sure accord , like that love - lyric whose word softly flow ; Rose petal laid upon the close eyelid of one grow weary , who no longer read ...! ' ( look at the deflate fritz , laugh , teasing ) you be a thief from rilke , I can not help you ! she run up a hill , look back at fritz , laugh . he chase after she , slip , trip on the rough terrain . fritz watalial cur to : ext , tiergarten boathouse = day the boathouse deck clear of boat for the winter . sally sit on a bench alone , smoking cheerfully , the long holder , the high -heeled shoe make no concession for the occasion , natalia , closely follow by fritz , emerge run from the wood . page 44 natalia 's good day , fraulein ! and where be Brian ? sally we decide to meet here . I have to rehearse with that clot , klaus , so I think I be certain to be late but naturally Brian .... ( indicate the absence of brian ) fritz my dear , Sally , you be look most delightful , ' a little out of breath , he bend over sally 's hand , think perhaps to chastise the teasing natalia , natalia only check she watch , natalia ( the Games -mistress ) it be fifteen minute from the hour , we will walk to the bridge ...over ... and around the other side from the lake . fifty minute one way , forty - five the other , we will be most healthfully benefitte . : sally ( genuinely enthusiastic ) it sound marvelous . I feel better already , she see brian approach from the path , sally here 's Brian . hello , darling , we be all wait , brian 's thin . overcoat be hunch around he , the collar turn ineffectually up against the wind , there be a newspaper thrust into the outer pocket of he coat , he look the very picture of a intellectual turn rudely . out - of - door , brian ( rather wanly ) it suppose this be a good idea ? natalia ( sternly ) you do not juad , I think , a healthy life , she start to lead the way , page 45 sally , very much in the Spirit of the day , fall in beside natalia , bravely march along in she high heet , natalia come , we yo thig way . ( natalia vigorously slap she own arm , rub they ) ye make circulation , circulation benefit all extreme , you will see , sally ( think fully ) I have a gym teacher once , name tiiss keister . '' she try to make I blow my nose on toilet paper , as the two girl march ahead , brian and fritz be force to follow see actually , fritz be glad of a chance to drop back and talk quietly with brian , pritz Brian , .. , ( pull pack to let the girl get even further ahead ) Brian , I want to talk to youussee ( nervously bite at a non-existent hangnail ) tt be about natalia , Brian , I can not get anyvhere with that girl , ti.have spend money on she . money I have not get . I write she pocm , great poem , she laugh at I , .. brian.. , . cur to : closeup brian he smile , cur to ; back of natalia and sally , brian 's Pov . natalia stride purposefully along . sally catch she heel , ue sec , rather than hear she ' damn ! ; fritz *s voice over Brian , it be not even the money anymore , I want she ang she will not have I , page 46 closeup fritz fritz ( cont ) I kiss she and it be like my aunt , she be beautiful , and she be untouched , by I or anybody , CUT to : two -shot bprran and fritz brian Sally say you ought to pounce , knock she down , throw she on @ couch , or something , fritz ( profoundly shocked ) you can not mean that ! brian Sally 's rather knowledgeable in this area , cuT to ; natalia' back , fritz's pov fritz : but mein gott ! to attack natalia ! it be madness , t . cur to : mo . close up brian brian ( judiciously ) wot necessarily , woman be bloody peculiar , you know . sally voice over damn ! CUT to : two - shot sally and ° talia natalia lean solicitously over sally who have , thanks to she high heel , now fall to she knee , brian and fritz rush to she rescue , page 47 _ '' '' brian be you alright ? sally ( crossly ) - of course , I be alright . I be just utterly exhaust , that 's all , '' @ must have walk ten mile ! hy foot be destroy ! CUT to ; closeup watalia be shocked face , brian ( laugh ) come on , fritz , we will have to lend support to princess lilyfoot , to natalia 's shocked disapproval , brian and fritz ( fritz send plead look of apology at natalia ) gach take one of sally 's arm and proceed to half - lift , half - walk she along . this mode of for transportation be quite acceptable to sally , 4 's natalia ( mutter ) Hein gott , CUT to : ext . tiergarden the pavilion it be close , natalia , by now rather grim , march forward follow by the groan sally , and the , by now , heavily burdene fritz €and brian . sally I can not ' go on , you will have to send a litter ! brian lo ( find a spot for . sally to sit ) sit here , sally sit , rise precipitously , sally wo ily go it 's ice '' se page 48 natalia ( sternly realistic ) it be already . April . brian take the newspaper from he coat , place it for sally to sit on , brian here , now shut up and sit . sally almost do so , but just as she be cautiously place she bottom on the newspaper , brian remember something and speedily withdraw it from under she essleave she with she posterior hover uncertainly about two inch above the cold surface , brian ( cont ) here ! I forget ! do not you say you father be with the american embassy in rumania ? " sally ( who be not at all up to read the newspaper ) that 's right . brian . then , I think he must be in Berlin , ( sally¥ 's eye pop open ) there 's some sort of big meeting .... the baltic state .... they be all at the adlon . sally ( abruptly straighten up , she aching foot forget ) uhat will I do ? ( stare around at the other ) let 's get out of here ! she start at a clip down the path . fritz and watalia look at each other , brian grin , they follow . CUT to : closeup sally hand they be be frantically divest of the green polish , ext . page 49 sally voice efor lunch tomorrow , and I tell he I be bring you . oh , thank God for you , bri .... CUT to : two shot sally and brian she be take the polish from she fingernails , brian be hold the polish remover bottle for she , sally ( cont ) «you be so respectable look ! CUT to ; berlin STREET = day sally and brian walk , it be a totally transformed sally . scrubbed , demure in a dark dress with a white collar , glove .. , clutch rather than wear over the pristine nail , sally I be not act a part . insistently ) you simply do not understand . I adore he and he adore I .. he absolutely worship I . and he just have this : kind of «+eelittle girl image of I .... sally and brian , have come to the adlon ; in order to enter , they must pass through a small Communist picket line , the picket march in orderly fashion . they carry anti-american sign , most of they in german «+e one or two in English . brian give they a short , interested look , sally , oblivious , chaltter 'on and they pass through and enter the hotel , . sally ( cont ) that 's the way the think of I , T be just .... ( lamely , as she disappear into hotel ) his Sally , his little Sally . cur to : '' page 50 close up iiR. bonle speak mr . bowle eeelmy little Sally . camera full back to show that we be in a very grand hotel dining room . brian , sally , and mr . bowle be at luncheon , hr . bowle be a rather florid , terribly well - groom man , with a rather abstract manner , all the time he be talk about sally , it be as if she be a problem in diplomatic procedure , although he give she regular and measure little smile and pat . ur . boule ( cont ) ( in a tone that be mean to be banteringly affectionate ) live in Berlin and launching a screen careér ! a german screen career ! ( to brian ) fatherhood be certainly the most bewilder of man 's pursuit , Roberts , {back to sally ) ell , my dear ... what can I say ? be you happy here ? sally oh , yes , daddy , I be , I adore it , uk , bonle and how be you progress with the language ? one assume that you be aim for the talky , ( smile teasingly ) sally ( seriously ) I have be work terribly hard ... ( brighten ) : and I do have a gift for language , hr , bomle gaze benignly at sally for a prief moment , then snap he finger at a waiter who have be hover : | hr. bonle {to waiter ) gnaedige frau wird bestellen , ( hand sally the menu ) order for we , my dear , in german , co page 51 sally ( lamely ) but I do not know what you want , daddy . hr , boule whatever you think will please we , Sally . ( twinkle at brian ) " we bow to you judgement of thing german , ' sally ( bravely take up a menu ) all right . . CUT to : ied . close sally she take a deep breath and plunge in . her german be obviously atrocious . cut to : close shot waiter Pen poise over he order pad -- completely bewilder cur to : mo . close gally -~ finish order . she airily dismiss the waiter , who be still largely in ignorance of what have be order , his English be excellent , but the pigeon ~ german in which : sally have order , defeat he . he look to mr . bowle for instruction , hmr . bowle indicate that the lady 's order be to be fulfil . regardless . once the bewilder waiter be out of sight , mr . bowle laugh . wr . boule ( wiping he eye from a excess of merriment ) oh , Sally , my dear child , what be I to do with you ? ( to brian , who have sit stoically through this dreadful exchange ) ' there the child get this extraordinary hee in she bonnet about be a actress be quite beyond I . of course she 's my little Sally , and I would not change a hair on she head or a feature of she ec page 52 mr , boule ( cont ) dear little face ... : ( another brief beam at sally ) of course , I be she father . and deeply prejudice , ( a pat of the hand ) still ... , it hardly be the face of a great actress , sally ( in a small defiant voice ) ia Sarah bernhardt be hideous , but she be a great star and have hundred of lover and be fascinating . mr , boule ( coolly ) bernhardt have very little choice but to be " fascinating " . she be a illegitimate jewess . brian ( mildly ) and have only one leg . ur . bowle give brian a quick look , decide they be on the same side , tR. boule give he a appreciative chuckle , turn to sally : mr . boule we trust you be not consider amputation in the pursuit of you career ! the waiter arrive with they first course . hr. bowle take one look and raise he eyebrow humorously . mr . bowle ( cont ) oh , dear , dear , dear . well , I think , if you do not mind , Sally , that I , perhaps , should order the wine ! ( snap he finger at the head '' jatier ) bitte , bringen sie mir die neinkarte , CUT to : int , sally room - late day sally be furiously , messily splattering the green polish back over she nail . she be almost incoherent ste we eee she look stare at page 53 x sally the bastard ! I hate he ! it 's always like that . I do everything T can to please he and he treat I like the village idiot ! the ugly village idiot ! ( look desperately at brian ) I really do hate he ! brian no , you do not , Sally . it 's just that you be so disappointed . when we be away from they for very long , we always forget how madden they be . we forget because we do so need to love they . sally admit he 's a phony and a stuff shirt ! brian ( smile ) well , you be a bit of a phony too . put on that clothes ... ( laugh ) even clean you fingernails . at she now- green -again nail , then defiantly she image in a mirror . sally actually , I be rather marvelous look - ing ... I mean I have grow up to be rather marvelous look . and I be see a little bit fascinating . ~~ ( defiantly ) : even if I be not jewish and crippled ... brian ( relieved to have she confidence be - turn ) you be a strange and extraordinary person , Sally , _ sally you be damn right I be ! ( she have obviously have a pierce insight ) but I have never let he know it ! the poor darling old duck , he 's hatched a swan and it 's time he know it ! page 54 she begin to move like lightning ... pull she most sophisticated dress from the wardrobe , yanking off the white - collare number ... then rush to the dress table where she sit down and begin expertly , swiftly , make up she face , brian where - be you go ? : sally back to the adlon , brian Sally ... ( he hesitates ) Sally , I wonder if this be wise ... sally draw , with total concentration , and great pre - cision , a exotic line on one eyelid , CUT to : int . HOTEL lobby - late day sally , we sally , stand at the porter 's desk , sally but I be Mr. bowle 's daughter . porter ( he have hear this one before ) I be sorry , fraulein . the gelegate be in a meeting , it be impossible to interrupt they , sally ( impatiently ) when will the meeting be over ? porter the limousine be order for five o'clock , fraulein , there be , I believe , a reception at the american embassy ... qauy glance up at the great hotel clock ... it be 4:15 ... sally : then they will come out through the lobby . I will wait here . cb eeeeedd '’s page 55 she give the porter the old sally bowle knock - them - dead smile , finger hand . , the clock say 4:55 , sally give a deep , impatient sigh , suddenly , we see she catch sight of something , she sit up , tilt she head prdvocativel . take a deep puff from the cigarette holder , CUT to : group of men come down the grand staircase . there be about twenty of they . it be quite obvious who be the important one and who the flunkey , mr . listen carefa oo a comment that be pass back to he , through , two other man ; he take out a gold pencil and a small leather cover notebook and assiduously write whatever it be he have be in - struct to write , cut to : sally . she smile she most enchant sally bowle smile , cuT to ; diploma ts , the important man be now well into the lobby . rr , bowle still have not notice sally , CUT to ; medium shot sally and some of the men one or two of they give she a look , a faint smile , her gaze be so obviously fastened on someone ... possibly one of they group ? ... that one of the se€cond-in - commang glance back to see where the girl 's attention be fix , bowle still have not notice sally , the second-in - command realize that this outrée young girl be wait for either bowle or he nearest companion , the higher - in-command dip - lomat nudge he nearest companion , smile , indicat - at this moment , bowle spot he daughter , sally , bowle * Pov , stand with one hand negligently page 56 hold the cigarette prop , the other hand dramatically caress the base of she throat , cuT to : sally 's green fingernails holé long cigarette holder , CUT to : closeup bowle he see she , he eye narrow in shock , he mouth tighten , t cuT to : sally _ she take a step toward he , smile happily . cur to : bowle he shake he head warningly , now obviously very angry . he turn to the man beside he . bowle ( sotto voce ) Excuse I for a moment , Johnson , I will have to attend to this . he stalk off toward sally . cur to ; two shot sally and bowle bowle ( a low furious whisper ) ++- most outlandish outfit I ever see ! like some cheap little streetwalker ! ( bitterly ) it shall have to think up a pretty good one to explain this , sally you could say I be you daughter , bowle I could , but I will not , whatever you have get yourself up for , it cer - tainly be not as my daughter . now ( more ) — ~ ~— page 57 bowle ( cont ) please leave this hotel , I 'l get in touch with you later , he turn on he heel and rejoin he company ... . move quickly to catch up with they at the door of the hotel . cut to : int , HOTEL lobby door looking out to STREET - late day sally stand inside the hotel , look out , the picket be still pace up and down in front of the hotel . no one pay the slight attention to they . sally look past they , see she father , still studiously ignore she presence , unctuously hold the door for he superior , then get into the car himself and be drive off , without ever one backward glance at sally . ' curt to : closeup sally her face absolutely still , show nothing . cur to : int . sally room - dusk the room be without artificial light . we can , at first , barely see sally , curl up into a small , miserable ball on the bed . brian sit beside she , try to com - fort she . she be ery bitterly , her make - up be smear , she hair a wreck , sally ( sobbing and choke ) diplomat : he 's nothing but a two bit pen-pusher - door-opener - ass= kisser ! that 's all he be no matter how many wine steward he snap he finger at .... he 's nothing and he 's ashamed of I , so what do that make I ! brian ( quietly ) his superior in every way , Sally , darling . sally ( cry out piteously ) oh , bri ! he 's never love I ! no - body 's ever really love I ... ( more ) page 58 sally ( cont ) everybody abandon I ! every man I have ever know ! brian I will not abandon you , Sally . she turn over , throw herself into he arm , sobbing convulsively . he hold she tight . brian I promise I will let you abandon I . sally give a shuddery little sound , somewhere between a laugh and a sob . brian ' you. really be marvelous , you know «.eyou be bright and funny and generous and talented .. , and beau - tiful ... | sally ( tremulously ) beautiful ? brian ( firmly ) very . she look up at he , they face be close together . sally bri ... he bend he head to she and kiss she gently cn the lip . sally ( through the kiss ) bri ... slowly , slowly the kiss become more intense ... brian 's eye shut tight ... it be like a dream into which he slowly drift as he and sally sink back onto the bed into the great german feather quilt and the lark , cuT to ; full head closeup - sally she be sing a wildly exuberant song , pull back to reveal that she be perform in the kit kat klub . page 59 ( New song to be write for this spot . ) the number will be stage as a vocal and dance so that the fol - low intercut sequence will not disrupt the per - formance flow , at some point in the number we see that brian be seat at ringside and she be sing to he . he look ex - tremely pleased with both she and himself . CUT to : full figure - sally - finish vocal , CUT to : sally bed - dusk ( music under ) sally , she back somewhat to we , sit on the bed , she be smoking ... the long cigarette holder she only con ~ cession to attire , brian lie on he back , slightly propped up by a pillow , sally have one foot plant possessively on he chest . he lazily fondle the foot . i sally ( smugly ) it 's cbvious you just never sleep with the right girl , that 's all , brian ( with delight and wonder ) very obvious , sally tell I about you mother , CUT to : int . kit kat klub - night sally continue number . this part will be dance ~- - choreography will probably require participation of other , mo shot - sally - at end of this sequence . ccut to : int . 2# llu be sally and brian in bed as before , brian begin tu kiss she knee , work he way down to she foot . suddenly he pull back . ) . page 60 brian ( accusingly ) you toenail be dirty . sally T be of the earth , ... earthy . you should be move by my dirty toenail . brian {grins broadly ) actually , I be , rather . CuT to : int , kit kat klub sally continue number . CUT to : int , sally bedroom - dusk sally and brian in bed as before . sally let 's get back to you mother . what single word describe she best ? | brian dominant . they both laugh . sally I be the great turn point in you life , darling . cuT to : int , kit kat klub - night sally continue number , cuT to : int , sally bedroom sally and brian as before . sally I will never let you go back to man . Men be swine , we must never , never have anything to do with man . page 61 briaw laugh . sally be serious . do you know that I be go to be faithful to you ? I be go to be totally , boringly , twenty - four hour a day faithful ... unless , of course , it involve a film contract ... or something fatal like that ... and you be go to he completely faithful to I . do that scare you ? brian yes , it do , dreadfully . ( he shake he head , smile ) which be interesting . because I feel so woe . ( lovingly mimic she ) ++ seabsolutely marvelous ! please , sally kiss he . : cut to : int . kit kat klub - night sally finishes number . as she exit into wing , plant a hasty kiss on the cheek of klaus . she click she tongue and wink , at he , indicate " that be perfect . " CUT to : sally and brian on dance floor , a happy fat man alone at ringside suddenly decide he want to dance with sally . he rise and cut in on brian , dance off with sally , over he shoulder she make a silly face at brian , point to the sideline where elke stand alonc , pout , brian grin , gal ~ lantly ask elke to dance , the delighted elke and - brian dance rather handsomely together , make much of pass and outdo sally and the happy fat man , until , sweat profusely , he pull sally to he table , hang - ing heavily onto she . brian and elke go to another table , brian pick up phone , call the captive sally . ( we see this from brian 's Pov , we stay at brian 's table . ) sally quickly pick up phone , page 62 brian ( into phone ) and how , my love , do you propose to get out of that dread clutches ? from brian 's Pov , we see sally smile , hang - up the be - ceiver , turn and give the fat man a heavy ~ 1lidd , seductive smile . he lean even closer to she ... if possible , he whisper into she ear , she whisper back , as if stung , he draw back from sally . she look disappointed , then shrug . as if reluctant , she hold up a finger to he , ' wait a minute '- gesture , rise , move quickly to brian 's and elke 's table . sally grab elke and pull elke back to present she to the fat man . both elke and the fat man seem to be delighted with the switch . sally wave back to brian , turn on she way to give a sad , benedictive little wave to the fat man . cuT to : sally and brian seat at table . brian very neat . how do you work it ? sally ( sweetly ) I just say I have a touch of syphilis . brian hoot . sally wait will he get a load of what good old elke 's get ! | they begin to giggle helplessly , fall onto the table top , clutching each other . cuT to : int , . sally bedroom - night sally and brian in bed . sally be awake , smile to herself in the dark , brian , come out of a doze , become conscious of she wakefulness . he put he arm under she , pull she to he , brian ( sleepily ) what be you do awake ? fe eg page 63 sally I be so happy to be I I can not stand to go to sleep and miss any of it ! she fold herself happily into he arm . cut to : ext , berlin STREET - day sally walk down the street carry a small bundle . rk chauffeur- drive limousine pull up to the curb and aman jump out , make for a building entrance . sally be several step past the entrance , she have not notice the car or the man . nor might he have notice she , ex - cept that something drop from she bundle . the man see it , hesitates , size up the owner , bend and pick up the object . it be a chemise . the man smile , start after sally , but another object drop and , after a few step , another . the man follow sally along the street , retrieve she laundry . she turn at last into a basement entrance . '' wasehwas ~ cherie , " the man follow she in . cuT to : int . basement laundry ~ day sally {to the laundress ) kann ich der wasche ubermorgen zguruckhaben ? in a hurry ? lothar ( to sally ) fraulein ... permit I ... he hand she several piece of intimate apparel . sally turn to stare at the man . he be about thirty - six or seven , very attractive , and obviously well - off . sally take this in at a glance . his accent be almost very proper british . sally airily accept she under - clothes , hand they to the laundress , the man hesi - tate , give she one last piece , a lacy bit df a bra . sally accept it , hand it too to the laundress . then she turn and reward the man with she most radiant smile and total aplomb , page 64 sally I could not be more embarrassed , I be Sally bowle . he manage to bow and click he heel without seem in the least germanic ... he ease in every situation 15 as authentic as sally pretend hers to be . lothar Baron lothar von heune und regensburg . ( to the laundress ) bitte seien sie so gut und machen sie die wasche fur ubermorgen fertig . they walk out of basement into the street . CUT to : car and chauffeur at curb , lothar and sally enter shot . lothar my motor be just here ... zoom in to : close up of sally reacting to he obvious wealth with surprised pleasure . sally ( voice over as she react with groucho eyebrow ) monev! cuT to : close up of m.c. with a leer smile . mlc , ( into camera ) money ! CUT to : ° close up of sally in full stage makeup . Big , miserly , leer grin . . sally ( into camera , a growl ) money ! pull back to reveal sally and m.c. on stage at kit kat klub , they do a double , ( New song to be write about wealth . ) a page 65 at the finish of the number , we see lothar , in evening clothes , stand near the bar . he accept a light from the bartender . elke see he , she face light up . she move in . elke ( to lothar ) sach mal ! wat tust du teufel hier in Berlin ? ( you devill what be you do in Berlin ? ) . lothar ( smile in recognition ) hallo , elke , lieble , du siehst wundervoll aus . munchen vermisst dich . - ( hello , elke , darling . you be look lovely . munich miss you . ) elke munchen can mir be arsch lecken . ( munich can kiss my ass . ) lothar ( see sally come from backstage , make she way toward table where brian sit alone ) ah ... ( absently to elke , panto - miming gallantly ) kuss d'hand , lieble ... ( smile broadly ) c'est mar petite gamine americaine .... cuT to : int , tasle in kit kat klub while one waiter take away a empty champagne bottle , a second waiter pour from a subsequent bottle . there be also a fresh bottle of red wine , lothar supervise waiter in mixing the two wine together in the glass . ' lothar ( to sally and brian ) it be call " turkenblut . " Turk 's blood . a famous german drink . . sally osip greedily ) marvelous ! page 66 lothar kiss sally 's hand , smile into she eye , until he feel brian 's eye on he . lothar turn . lothar ( to brian , chivalrously ) ' servus , my friend . they all drink , lothar so , me enfant , you be , like I , adrift in Berlin , I see it as my duty plain to corrupt you . agreed ? ( put down he glass , meke a fastidious face ) the wine be blasphemous in this place +e - we will go to the kempinsky ... sally but , darling ! I have to work . lothar smile lazily . in this , as in all he subse - quent excess , we must never feel that he be show off or behave in any way that be not natural and habitual with he . he be @isplease or restless , ergo , he do something about it . lothar oh , I shall make a arrangement with the management ... his expert eye instantly singles out max , to whom he beckon . max , who still show effect of earlier beat , quickly start to make he way toward they table . lothar I shall buy you freedom for tonight , would that please you , my poor little work girl ? close two shot : sally and brian exchanging impressed look sally ( rise ) I will get my coatt ( start to go , turn back ) oh , bri , darling .. , that little business I mention earlier ae come back and help I take care of it now , page 67 brian be bewilder , but she imperious command get he to he foot , sally radiate at lothar . sally we will not be a moment ! cur to ; int . kit kat klub dressing room areaway ~ night sally walk follow by brian , she speak over she shoulder , sally we must not let he out of we sight , bri ! he can get I in film ! and you see she stop before a open door and turn back to brian . it be the dress room of the m.c. , who can be see seat face the door , he be wear a dress gown and sit with he knee spread apart , somewhat inde - cently , sally oblivious to he in b.g . sally well ... he can open door for you , darling . do not you see brian ( amused ) I can see that you have you usual firm grip on fantasy , during the above , the m.cc. teasingly beckon to sally to come in . she suddenly become aware of he , turn - and look at he , CUT to : mo . shot m.c. he leer and spread he knee further apart . cur to : mo . close sally she studiously ignore he , reach for brian 's arm and walk he toward she dress room , sally Brian , you must take this seriously , . , page 68 follow they into she dress room . she take she coat from a hook , and start to put it on . brian help with the coat , sally I have the most marvelous vibration ! our. fortune be make ! just hang on tight ! dissolve to ; ext . OPEN country lothar' car traveling - night CUT to : it be late night . as the car , chauffeur - drive , speed furiously through the dark , we catch a brief glance of sally , brian , lothar , all in the back , bundle up in fur rug against the night air . they be sing lustily , obviously drunk and very happy . ccut to : ext . OPEN road mountainous country the car approach the camera uphill , flash over it at great speed , CUT to : int , car - dawn as the car continue to speed along , sally now sleep , she head against lothar , she foot curl up in brian 's lap . brian smoke , still a little drunk , lothar and brian both stare out at the terrace hillside , t brian how very beautiful . lothar some of the vineyard have be ours for five hundred year , other we have take over more recently . I be deeply attach to this acre .... ( smile , self - mockingly ) ++- one like to know where one 's next bottle be come from ; ... CUT to : ext . driveway leading to castle the car approach a small , turrete , fairytale castle a . page 69 e« . snow - cover , very romantic , cuT to ; closeup sally lothar gently awaken she . she lift she head sleepily , look out the window , see the castle . : sally ( a sigh of enchantment ) ohbh ..... ' CUT to : int , castle entrance hall - day the Hall have great vault ceiling with beautiful great expose beam . the stone of the wall have be paint white , above and sucround a fireplace be @ collection of match gazelle horn , delicate and beautiful , little golden spiral , the effect of the castle 's interior be a extremely sophisticated com - bination of fifteenth century provincial grandeur and eighteenth century chain ... the rug be eighteenth scutury french as be the chandelier and color . the effect be one of great charm and lightness . _ there be occasional bizarre touch . , .at the bottom of a open , wind staircase the banister end in two great carve , paint leopard , almost life - size , sally stand about eve to eye with one of they . she regards the leopard ; the leopara regards she . ( note : this description of decor be intend only to give a effect of what be want ... none of the detail , other than the ieupurus , need be take literally , ' lothar speak to a butler and a may , . lotear v no fuss , no fuss ... just some break - fast ... then I think we may need a hour or two of rest ... he start up the stair , pull sally by the hand , smile encouragement at brian , lothar come along , me enfant ... a bit of wash - up before breakfast . i'11 show you to you room , - ( more ) a ee page 70 lothar ( cont} ( to the may ) and tind a pretty night dress for fraulein bowle ... ( touch sally 's face affectionately } she have be up very late , and she need a nap . ( to brian ) be T not a proper English nanny ? CUT to : sally in the room that have be assign to she . it be enormous , but unexpectedly feminine ; pastel and gold baroque . it abound in mirror , on the turn - back bed , lie a beautiful chiffon nightdress . , sally look solemnly at herself in the multiplicity of mirror . she giggle , spin around and around and around , .. all of the reflect sallys spin with she . CUT to : int . brian be room in the castle - day brian come out of tha bathroom ( also enormous ) , drying he hand and face . he have sober up somewhat . he notice a round table cover with silver - frame photo - graph . he , singles out one ... obvicusly young lothar in he World War I uniform ... a pilot . he look as relaxed and at case beside he war plane as he do today ... just young . brian pay close attention to the six cross on the side of the plane ... one for each of six destroy enemy plane . brian ( softly ) get six of we , do you ? nput down the picture ) brian look arocnd the recom wonder whose it be . . go to a closst , open it , it be fill with carefully tend clothes . there be a knock on the coor , brian eintreten , bitte , the door open , lothar enter . he have change to flannel and blazer , lothar do help yourself , dear boy . ( more ) page 71 lothar ( cont ) ( glance around , smile ) I daresay that ... ( indicate thing in closet ) . must be mine , this use to be my room .... before I be marry . brian where be you wife ? lothar ( shrug ) in cologne for the ' culture ' . , she lend she support to the art . ( smile ) she , in she way . I in mine , ( he open a drawer , find what he want eo..8 sweater ) here we be ... you can at least dispose of that batter shirt ...... lothar pitch the sweater to brian . then lean against the wall with fold arm , smile . brian have little option but to peel off he shirt and put on the sweater , for some reason , take off he shirt in front of lothar embarrass brian , and he be as quick about it as he can be . lothar only smile , although lothar 's attitude toward sally be always overtly seductive ... we know it , sally know it , brian know it ... there be also something unspoken , more covert , but also plainly seductive in he attitude toward brian . we know it , brian know it . only sally be blithely unaware . this attitude never reveal itself in any word or gesture that could possibly be define as faggoty ; it be simply teasing , know , challenging . and although brian be far from unsophisticate , in this man 's presence he suddenly seem very young . and not a little nervous , brian {as he remove the shirt and quickly shrug himself into lothar 's sweater ) do you learn to fly in the War ? lothar ( evade the question ) i_ 3 drag kick and scream from my fashionable little cadet ( more ) ew page 72 lothar ( cont ) school and stuff into a lieutenant 's uniform . I be terrify of be kill ... nor have I the faintest ambi- tion to kill englishmen ..... the french ... he shrug negligently : ' who care about the french ?! he smile at brian 's mirror reflection , brian look very handsome in lothar 's lovely bright - color sweater . lothar +++sbut always I have have this pen - chant for englishmen , CUT to : int . conservatory - day this be a large , sun -drench conservatory in the regensburg Castle . we come up on a shot that show we , in sharp outline , a row of small - scale topiary tree . ( topiary be the art of clipping certain shrub , usually box or yew , into ornamental or fantastic shape . ) this piece be tubbed and no taller than five foot . they be in the unlikely shape of various aircraft ... mono - and bi-plane , balloon , glider , dirigible . this plant be extravagantly detailed , they stubborn , green planthood ruthlessly cut and clipped and sculp - ture , one of the airplane be tilt in a immelman turn ... the balloon have little leafy green gas ejector , the dirigible ... properly fat , its nose sharp , its di - rectional control thin and sharp .... seem to sail four foot off the floor , lothar' voice topiary be essentially the art of a leisurely age ... utterly useless , of course , frightfully time - consume , and not inexpensive .. , . cur to ; mo close - up sally and brian brian , in lothar 's red sweater , look fresh and rest , sally , although still in the same dress , also look groom and pull together . now they stare , bemuse , at lothar 's green aircraft , ' lothar' voice but ala , I inherite the compulsion from my grandfather .... CUT to : we ) page 73 three shot lothar , brian , sally lothar he fancie bird ... giant green geese and turkey .. , ten , fifteen foot high , strutting all over the grounds . as you see ... I have a more .... techno - logical ( smile ) bent . and , of course , the reduce scale be much more difficult .... brian I do not know the german aristocracy have manage to hang on like this ... T mean ... ( gesture the whole thing .. , conservatory , grounds which can be see through the glass} «--- like this . . lothar my dear boy , there be today , german noblemen clerk in second - rate hotel . I have a cousin on my father 's side who be now chauffeur to a @arling Hollywood Jew . it be not my father 's thousand year old name , nor he noble blood that enable I to continue live like this .... ( con cenplatively ) my mother be a sanchez -schmidt . erian ( he eyebrow up in recognition ) Argentina . lothar my father be : only ambitious for more grape , he do not foresee the time when it would be a great convenience to have a bit of foreign reserve , brian ( dryly , to sally ) do you know that lothar greatly admire the English ? he have adapt we understatement . ( laugh ) a ' bit of foreign reserve ' be about half of Argentina , ( more ) t page 74 brian ( cont ) ( to lothar ) well , if the Communists take all this , you can emigrate , lothar ah , but it be a family trait to keep what be ours . CUT to : close - up sally she react with wide - eye interest . ' the very mention of wealth act as a potent aphrodisiac . she take lothar 's arm , snuggle close beside he as they walk . sally ( indicate the plant ) I have never see anything so adorable ! ( twist she neck about , as if have a sudden twitch of pain ) oh . my neck be all stiff ... somebody give it a little rub , please , the ' somebody ' be obviously mean to be lothar , against whom she be press , lothar turn she about so that he can get to the back of she neck . tenderly , gently , he massage . , , sally moan pleasurably . all the while , lothar smile provocatively at brian , bait he some - how . brian do not react , lothar bend over , kiss the back of sally 's neck . lothar shall I buy you for another night , cinderella ? sally ( pain forget , she turn happily to lothar ) marvelous ! CUT to : close - up brian his face completely enigmatic , CUT to : int . castle , grand salon = night the room be light by many candle and by the light ' . : page 75 from a enormous , roaring fireplace . they have long since dine . brian , once again more than a little drunk , stand in a long window , con - template the night , a drink in he hand , he be wear the trousers and jacket in which he arrive . brian be restless and unhappy , but catch in some sort of trap , from which he be unable , for the moment , to extricate himself . he be angry with sally , but unable to focus he disapproval because he be also frighten of himself , he be strongly attract to lothar . CUT to : lothar and sally bent over a photograph album . sally ' ohing - and ahing ' as lothar point thing out . sud - denly , lothar look up , catch brian 's unease , lothar ( teasing ) why be not you interested in my childhood , Brian ? come ... I will show you the one on the bearskin rug . brian give a small , rather tight smile , do not move . lothar suddenly speak to brian , in rapid german . lothar ( in german ) come ! be a good fellow , you must not make Sally unhappy . brian nanswer in equally rapid german ) how could I , when she have you to make she happy ? sally no fair ! I can not understand when you talk so fast . lotkar I be afraid Brian be bored . we must try to entertain he . ocross room to con - ceal gramophone ) shall we make he a cabaret ? he place a record on the machine , wind it , it begin to play a tango , page 76 with a exaggerated latinesque bow , lothar hold out he arm to sally . laughingly , she move into they , and they proceed to kiddingly perform the silly ro - mantic attitude of the dance . idly , brian drink and watch . sally marvelous ! lothar ( eye again on brian , as he dip sally al - most to the floor ) Brian seem to be bored by simple country life , brian ( pleasantly ) not at all , lothar ( continue he conver - sation with brian , never miss a beat of the dance ) no , no , ... you be right . to be young be to be restless . , .demand ... ( smile charmingly up at brian ) so . where would you like to go if you could go anyplace in the world ? brian do not bother to answer the question seriously ... he shrug ; then , through open door , he spot the carve leopard , he smile . brian Africa , East Africa . lothar ( to sally ) do Africa call to you too , liebling ? sally ( everything call to salt . africal lothar ( casually , as if pro - pose a trip to the corner for a pack of cigarettes ) then let 's go . the three of we . page 77 brian just smile . he can not take this sort of talk seriously . but sally gasp with delight . lothar I sce that what please Brian , please you . that 's very sweet , ( to brian , who watch all this with a attempt at cynical detachment ) we will take a boat from genoa , sail through the Suez Canal , and on to mombasa . then there 's a rather interesting train overland to nai - robi ... we will have to get busy with visa . sally stare at lothar as if he have suddenly turn into the aurora borealis , lothar , deeply gratify , smile back . and now , as brian drink and watch , lothar and sally become seriously catch up in they dance , both of they move with match instinctive grace . as they become more and more immerse in the music and they own skill and physical propinquity , they forget brian . he be quickly aware of what be happen between they . he downs the last of he drink , and quietly leave the room , sally and lothar de not notice he departure , as they dance on . CUT to : int , castle , brian be room - night the room be dark . brian stand at the window which overlook the subtly light grounds . the gramophone music can be hear over , dissolve to : mo , close - up brian ~- same room ( music out in dissolve ) lying on the bed in slack and shirt , the room be ro- mmantically . moonlit . he look at he watch . it be three a.m . he fling he hand out across the bed . it come to rest on lothar 's sweater , unconsciously , he hand begin gently finger the soft fabric , CuT to : int , sally room - day brian sit at the table - desk that have come to be he specific territory in sally 's room . his book and paper be spread around he , but he attention be not on they , he smoke and gaze absently at a wall , he - page 78 ais once more wear lothar 's colorful sweater . there be some change in the room ... several vase fill with flower . on another table sit a tray with new proper crystal glass and a decanter . a phonograph ( new , also ) be play softly . suddenly , the door burst open and sally enter . she be very smart look in a new gray squirrel coat and a obviously french hat , she hair expertly coiff . she carry several package . sally darling ! she throw down the package and fling she arm around brian 's neck , give he a quick kiss , then step back so he can take in the coat . sally do you like it ? be not it divine ! brian ( calmly ) Divine , sally I absolutely could not restrain he , she run back to bed , grab up the large box , begin to tear it open ) sally wait till you see what we get for you , darling . fpull out content of box ) silk shirt ! a dozen ! you can not imagine the expense , he want to get you a fabulous cigarette case , but I tell he shirt would be better ... we do not want he to think we be golddigger . brian ( drily ) no , indeed . sally ( still admire the shirt ... a think . she frown ) do you think they will be too warm for the trip ? you will definitely need ( more ) ~ page 79 sally ( cont ) cotton once we get to Africa ... ( shrug ) oh , well , you can use they sometime . ( smile . radiantly ) and we go back to the travel agency . we have definite booking on . the {ship 's name ) out of genoa on the seventeenth , ( put off by brian 's continue silence ) well , say something ! be you angry about the cigarette case ? I just think it seem more tactful to get something like shirt . '' do not you think ? brian . I think you be be a stupid little slut . sally a little slut , maybe , but not stupid . ( patiently ) when we get back , lothar be go to get I into film . brian ( drily ) Ho . sally {confident and good - nature ) Ho , yourself , ( check she watch ) oh , God , you have get to clear out now , T get the most m sterious inesnage from natalia , she 's come here to see mé . alone , she give brian 's still rather unyield cheek a peck ; push he toward door . sally now stop pout about the shirt or moral or whatever 's bother you . grow up , darling . brian go silently . when he be out of sight , sally have a think and run to the door to call after he , page 80 sally listen ! do I tell you we have all get to take malaria pill for the vip ? be not that marvelous ! CUT to ; int , schneider' hallway = day schneider make she way to front door , admit natalia , natalia courteously , formally ushere to sally 's door . natalia give brian 's close door a furtive look . when sally open she door , natalia quickly duck in , sally be still wear the new fur coat ... very anxious that natalia should notice all the sign of she new - find chic , sally hi ! this be great ! you be abso - lutely the first girl visitor I have ever hadt natalia react with a faint nervous smile . for the first time since we meet she , natalia seem ill at ease with herself . once in the room , she stand clutching she handbag , unfocus . . sally sit down , darling . would you like a prairie oyster ? natalia ( sit ... bolt upright in a straight - back chair ) no , thank you . I be never eat between meal .... sally open cabinet to expose a fresh and now quite lavish supply of liquor , natalia nor drink neither . ( pause ) thank you , sally beam encouragingly as she plop herself onto the sofa , curling up in she new suit and fur coat . natalia it be a very lovely coat , dear miss bowle , it be new ? page 61 sally ( smile radiantly ) I be so glad you like it . but for goodhéss sake , call I Sally . sally put cigarette in fancy , new gold holder ; it be as long as the old one , natalia ( take a deep breath ) Sally ... what I wish to discuss 's with you ... fraulein ees Sally ... please you will tell I if you have see fritz wendel lately ? sally not for the last week , actually , natalia I come back from the country two day before yesterday , he come to call on I that evening , fraulein , I think I have do you perhaps a injustice , sally oh ? . natalia I have always think of you as a young lady who have no control of herself , and I have be disdainful of you therefrom , I be sorry . I do not think I have understand , sally ( fascinatad ) how do you mean ? natalia it have think always that I have con - trol for myself . please , you will not laugh at I if I tell you some - thing that be very personal to I ? sally {kindly } no , of course I will not , natalia fritz wendel have declare love for I , and I have not take he seri - ously , because it be all too formal , ( more ) . t 1 page 82 oo . natalia ( cont ) too discreet , then ... two night before last , it be all ... al2 change , she pause , unable to continue , : sally i ( eagerly ) '' it all change ? how ? CUT to ; closeup natalia her face a mixture of continue surprise , bewilderment , shame , and excitement , . natalia he throw aside he formality . ( take a deep breath ) his respect for I .... CUT to : mo , closeup fritz - ' | his face be solemn , he eye probing ... none of the chronic conciliatory attitude we have come to expect from fritz now show themselves , we see that he be seat in natalia 's home ... the library , it be a room of solid bourgeois comfort ... rich leath - er , a deep sofa , many pillow , throughout the scene that follow , we see fritz always from natalia 's Pov ... . natalia become for we , in effect , the camera , what happen to natalia , happen to we , we hear natalia 's voice as she narrate the scene . but that be all . pritz sit across a chess set from the unseen natalia , he do not look at the board , he look straight into the face of natalia / the camera , ' natalia ( voice over ) my parent be out ... we be play chess ... he play stupidly , ..he pay no attention ... he be look always at I ... never smile ... just look . in six move 1 win ... '' ~~ fritz barely look down at the board , as natalia ' 's hand appear in shot and make final checkmate move , he shrug , returns he dark , intense eye to natalia , Pace 83 jagali ( voic ov£2 ) ( cont ) it be not pleasant to be so stare at ... i tell he not be be rude . at that ... not smile ... prit2 Z give a faint , be »ignous smile , but do not we cease to tool . with meaningful intensity into the face of watalia . watalia ( voice over ) ( cont ) the smile ... it be somehow worse than the stare ... ( take a preath ) then ... then he pick up the cness board and ... . ( swallow painfully ) it be my father 's best set . but pritz do not care ... fritz pick up the board and carelessly put it on the floor ... several man fall , roll off the board . he pay no attention , ite be interested only in he erstwhile partner , , . once rid of the chess board , he now thrust aside the small table that hold it ... thus remove o~ the final barrier between himself and watalia . . watalia ( voice over ) ( cont ) ile care for nothing except to ... toeee fritz now move in . we see he come closer , closer until he face be first directly before we , then he press closer and over , , .'e / tiie camera / natalia be under he . fritz 's face , implacable , predatory , stare down onto we .... we will be devoure . watalia ( voice over ) ( cont ) .».to take I . I have never know a man like that ... it be ... it be ... sally ( voice over ) marvelous ! watalia ( voice ovier ) most upsetting . fritz 's eye close , , .his face move down , down ... until it be a blur ... we hear he quick breathe faintly under watalia 's narration . jatalia on my father 's library sofa ! and even for that he care nothing ! only that he should take I ! page 84 close up sally she face show ier total delight with jatalia 's story . sally good for fritz ! cut to : .' two shot sally and natalia natalia I have never know a man like that , it be most disturbing . ( visibly pull herself together ) of course ... finally ... I be able to make he stop ... sally you do not ! CUT to : pritz nis face pull back cnly enough to show in focus . ue be still on top of we ... he smile triumphantly , lazily , happily . during the remainder of watalia 's speech , he face go up and down , in and out cf focus , out retain always the look of sexual success , watalia ( voice over ) . do you think I would allow myself to be rape jon my father 's liorary sofa ? that i could definitely never allow . although ... although I be much ... disturb ... much ... fritz's face , up and down , in and out of focus ... three or four time as iatalia 's voice falter in the lie she be endeavor to tell sally . watalia ( voice over ) ( cont} ( finally ) udisturb . cut to : close up uatalia she face be flushed , she eve close . Sne be obviously relive the moment of she yield to . fritz 's sexual ruthlessness . page 85 natalia ( she eye still close , she whisper ) and now , I can not sleep . I can not sleep . ( open she sye , they be fill with tear ... of distress and leng ) so you must tell I . please . sally but what be I suppose to tell you ? natalia I wish to know , please , if I should marry he . ily parent tell I no . . they care for I . they think only of I , and they do not care for he . and he be not jewish , I have always wish to warry a jewish man , but now £ do not care . I truly do not care about that , only I think perhaps there be something of herr ' lendel ... something of he . , . something wrong . and that therefore I should not marry he . you will advise I , please ? sally ( rather take aback and touch by this solemn confession ) tall ceveeee uatalia yat , please ? sally . yell , I .... I really do not know what exactly , but I do not really think he 's ... you kind . I do not think you ought to marry he .... since you ask I like that , point-blank . watalia I really do not think so , too . ( a pause , then calmly ) but I think if I do not , that perhaps I will kill myself . . sally ( shocked ) do not be silly . of course you will not . page 86 watalia I do not think vou know I , I do not think I know myself . ( begin to cry quietly ) um gotteswill ! '' that be there to do with one 's life , all of a sudden . sally ( stare at this honest and deeply feel distress in dismay . at last she offer ... ) golly . do they have jewish nun ? CUT to : int , uriaw' bedrocl ! wight brian be in bed , asleep or awake ... we do not know . tne door open quietly , and sally , in pajamas and carry a bottle and two glass , enter . she put the wine down on the bedside table and crawl into led with brian , hugging up against he back . sally ( whisrer ) bri ... I be nome . {no response from brian ) be not you glad ? bri ? he turn over , wide avake and look into she face . she kiss he tenderly , then lie back , thoughtfully . sally bri , t keep think about watalia , ( very serious ) can you imagine , darling ... all that misery from just one little pounce ! ( she put she face into - he shoulder , shiver ) thank sod , we be not like that . brian do not answer . sally sit up and pour two glass of wine , hand one to brian . they drink , brian {at last ) do lothar come to the club ? '. page 87 I tell iim to go napoil . ) I want to be with you . brian . ( a small unreadable smile ) poor oid lothar . sally ivery sure of herself , of she hold over lothar ) he 's really rather weak , you know ... terribly sensual . what you do not understand , uri , be the power of a woman 's body over a man like lothar . ke would do anything for I . ( sip ner wine contentedly ) and you know , darling , I do rather adore he , I mean that . I really do . ( giggle ) I can hardly afford not to . he 's go to make I a star ... brian that 's really a lot of rubbish , Sally . lothar be not go to make you a star . sally ( sit up indignantly ) what do you mean by that ? briaw that 's simply not how people become star , teople become star by year and year of hard work and discipline ... not by larking off on insane trip with character like lothar . sally ( reduce to the idiom ef childhood ) a fat lot vou know , that be precisely how you get to be a star . I have be wait for year .... . brian ( snort derisively ) year ! int , kit mo shot page 88 sally for someone like lothar . and now that I have get my hook into , he , I be go to use he and use he and use himl ( righteously ) and it be not even as if I be be a total whore . he 's terribly attractive . you know he be , briaw ( bitterly ) ves , I know he be . sally oh , darling , you . must not be jealous of he . itle 's not jealous of you . lie honestly be not . I mean , after - all , he certainly know about you and I . tonight when i tell he I be come straight home , he just smile and say ' give brian my love ' . he never raise a eyebrow , he understand life and how to live it . brian I wish I do . sally ( gaily ) iioment to moment , darling ! like I ! like lothar . hnold up she glass ) to you and I and lothar , darling . two marvelous gent ... ( flutter she eye kiddingly ) and one lovely lady . cut to : kat klub wight h.c , and 7.0 sexy lady mc. oleer at the audience ) two lovely lady and one marvelous go . first lady ( sing ) beedle - dee-deedle - dee-dee ' * page 89 m.c. one ! second lady ( sing ) beedle - dee-deedle ~ dee - dee 1.c . twot ( sing ) beedle - dee-deedle - dee deedle~dee -deedle - dee-dee ! ( speak ) and I ! lady ( sing ) beedle - dee-deedle - dee-dee li.c. osing } two lady lady ( sing ) ueed le-dee-dcedle - dee - dee ic . two lady lady beedle-dee-deedle - dee-dee mlc . and I be theonly man , jal lady beedle-dee-deedle - dee-dee w.c. I like it . lady beedle - dee - deed le-dee- dee Mc . they like it , lady beedlie - ~dee-dcedle-dee-dee m.c , this two for one . beedle - dee-deedle - dee-dee page 90 lady two lady . t.c , weed lle~dee - deed le-dee - dee lady two lady . n.c. beedle - dee-deedle-dice-dee lady and he 's the cnly man ! h.c . jat all beedle -dee-deedle - dee-dee first lady he like it . t .c. reedle - dee-deedle - dee-dee second lady ie like it . mc. seedle - dee-cdeedle - dee-dee lady this two for one . first lady I do the cooking . second lady and I make the bed . ce . I go out daily to earn we daily bread , but we have one thing in common -- pirst lady hel ! ec. she page 91 second lady and mee first lady the key ! uc . beedle - dee second lady the kev ! wc. beedle - dee the keyl lady seedle -deedl e~deedle - dee ( they dance } h.c . '' le switch partner daily of play as we please lady twosie beat onesie , mc . but nothing beat three . I sleep in the middle . first lady -. I be leave . second lady and I be right . i.c . but there 's room on the bottom if you dro , in some night . lady beedle-dee-deedle - dee-dee mec . two lady beedle~dee - deedle - dee-dee lady two lady beedle - ~ dee -deedle - dee -dee and he 's the only man , jal page 92 all beedle -dee-deedle - dee-dee ic . I like it . all beedle -dee-deedle - dee-dee h.c . ye like it . all beedle -dee-deedle - dee-dee this two for one _ beedle~ dee ~ deedle - dee -deed le-dee - deedle - dee - dee ( they exit ) curt to : kit kat klub night sally ; brian , fritz sit at table . fritz wee I have to see you . I must talk and you be never at home ... soon you leave ... 's brian what 's the trouble , fritz ? natalia ? fritz ( nodd desperately ) natalia will not ever see I again . it be over . she have show I this note she father have receive , not sign , of course . the recite ) '' herr landauer , beware . we be go to settle the score with all you dirty Jews . we give you twenty - four 's hour to leave Germany . if not you be dead . " and that be not the only one , there have be other . brian ‘hat be herr landauer go to do ? page 93 sally will he go ? erivz no . he want natalia and she mother should go . but they will not . and natalia will not see I , not with all this , and she mother all the ! time ohmnachtig ... brian ( automatically ) faint . pritz faint , ja . ( fritz drink , then put he glass down with a dramatic slam ... the glass shatter ) verfluchter kerl ! quietly , brian brushes aside the shard of glass . sally , eye wide , stare at the empassion fritz . guiltily , fritz look around . after the first curious glance , no one else seem to be pay any attention to they . fritz please can I tell you something else ? sally - of course you can , fritz . pritz it be something I have never tell anyone in my life before . but now I must make confession . ( whisper guiltily ) I be a Jew . brian nell ? fritz that do not surprise you ? or you , Sally ? sally oh , I have a idea you be when you make such a fuss about not be , and then I forget all about it . page 94 srian smile at she . fritz y have lie and pretend , even to slatalia , I have lie , briaw if you be so keen on get she , I should have think that be the very thing to tell she , { fritz I know , I know . and still , I could not say it . when I listen to natalia , [ think I want it even more , that no one should ever know . even now , I can not ke one from ' the landauer , and have letter like that write to I , I be ashamed from myself , but it be so , and now I have tell you , and now you know I for what I be . and it be not nice . ( a pause ) well , you say something , please , sally . it 's all so silly . what 's be jewish get to do with anything ? pritz what be I to do ? sally 's face light up as she see something over fritz 's shoulder , sally oh , great ! here 's lothar ... ( jump up from table and leave ) fritz ( to brian ) '' hat would you do ? CUT to : closeup briai brian I can not give you advice , fritz se . I be the last person in the world to give advice ... CUT to : | page 95 long shot lotiar , brian Pov sally join lothar , give he a big kiss . brian voice es. believe I . cut to : ext , STREET - late day a Communist rally be take place . speaker die ratten verlassen das sinkende staatsschiff , sollen wir weiterhin auf die gnade der industriellen , der dusseldorfer , der wazis angeviiesen sein ? ( the rat be leave the ship of stage , comrade ... be we to be leave at the mercy of the industrialist ... the oppressor , .. the ilazis ... ) the rally be loud but peaceful enough until it be set upon by a nandful of Nazis . this man be in civilian gress , but they all wear swastika arm band , they attack with a will , the Communist speaker yell something , then leap from the stand onto the back of a nazi who have fight he way toward the stand . it be a melee , .. the fight spill over into the street , cuT to : lothar' car day lothar , sally , brian in the back , package pile high in front with the chauffeur . the car be force to slow down to avoid the rioting crowd , - lothar . fahren sie a de rinnstein heren . we konnen es von hier aus sehen . reluctantly , the chauffeur slow down , lothar watch the brawl ith interest , brian with barely conceal rage ... sally unhappily lothar ( to brian ) if herr tlitler 's bravo would concentrate on the verdamnt fo pad ty page 96 lothar {cont} Communists ! instead of scrapping with everyone in sight ... but no ... today , cowinunist ... ( gesture the fight in / progress ) tomorrow , the capitalist , then Jews , and Socialists the day after ... ( shake he head in sad amusement ) I fear they be promiscuous , brian Hitler 's mad , : lothar ( smile ) he be naughty , but he could be useful . brian useful ? lothar some weapon must be find against the boisheviks . one do not simply hand over the country . sally let 's turn around , ' please ! it have nothing to do with we ! lothar ( obediently qive oréer to the relieved ciiauffeur ) keren sic um . the chauffeur quickly maneuver sharply and illegally around in the street , away from the fight . the car speed away , barely miss a angry woman who be drag a twelve- vear - old bov and a young child away from the uproar . the twelve year old look back over he shoulder at the fight , frighten but fascinate , from the car , brian also look back , he expression very much the same as that of the little german boy , lothar look at brian , smile , sally let the nasty thing all kill each other , ( sigh contentedly ) in two more day we will be go , so vuho care ! page 97 dissolve to : int . Beer mall =~ day lothar , sall ' , rian at table . it be a heavily timlere hofbrau -styled room , here peaceful middle - class Germans and they family drink beer . there be much talk and laughter , and a accordian - dominate group be play . good-nature waiter make theiz way deftly among the the table , fill order , sally , lothar , bria , they own good - humor somewhat restore , raise they beer stein to cach other , sally bye-bye to Berlin . brian so long to the sausage ! sally and lothar laugh , sally what be it they say in german when you be go on a journey and they want to wish you luck ? lothar hal und beinbruch . brian ( softly ) | neck and leg-break , . sally leg-break ? brian it 's suppose to stop it happen . sally ( raise she stein again ) neck and leg-break , darling ! they drink , then enjoy a moment of peace and relaxation , sally on , listen , in front of iusiciais , a group of young waiter stand in a line . ' they have begin to sing the sweet melody of " tomorrow delong to I " , with , page 98 haiter the branch of the linden be leafy and green the rhine give its gold to the sea , but somewhere a glory avait unseen , tomorrow belong to I , cur to : closzup of wholesome , gentle ~ face young han . young ian ( sing ) the babe in he cradle be close he eye , the blossom embrace the bee , pull back to reveal the sing young naw in brown Nazi uniform ( Sam Brown belt and swastika ) . he be stand in he place at a adjoin table at which be seat he obviously middle - class family , he mother , father , young sister -- all beam , very proud of he . young man ( continue sing ) but soon , say a whisper , arise , arise , tomortow belong to I , during the follow , the family join the song , slowly rise to - they foot , then the rest of the people in the place join the sing . the music become stronger and less pastoral , young man & other ( sing ) tomorrow belong tomorrow belong tomorrow belong to I . at this point , the song have become fully nationalistic in character , it be sung with germanic , militaristic fervor , some stand rigidly at attention ; all . ( sing ) : oh , fatherland , fatherland , show we a sign you child have wait to see , the morning will come when the world be mine , tomorrow belong to I , CUT to : page 99 close on lothar reacting to song . he have a look of intense concentration . pull back : to show '' irian reacting to lothar . sally oblivious of both of then , join sing . all ( sing over ) tomorrow belong to I , tomorrow belong to I . close ow lothar dissolve : int , sally room late day sally stand in the middle of a avalanche of tissue paper . open box , new luggage . she be wear a portion of a safari outfit . other bit and piece of exotic paraphernalia be strewn about . on a table a open bottle of champagne ... two empty glass . brian seem to be uncertain of what to do with some book . sally be very animated , brian rather gloomy and restless . sally I think I be go to have to get another piece of luggage ... darling , we cannot take that old book ... briaw ( throw book down , sigh ) I think in the Middle Ages people must have feel like this when they sell the Devil they soul . sally ' ell , just be glad there 's still a go market ! mave a prairie oyster . have some champagne . ( drop down on she knee in front of he , playfully ) have I ! warling , do I tell you how sexy you look in jodhpur ! honestly , we be probably about the two sexiest people in bserlin ! low we be go to throw it around africal ( more ) page 100 sally ( cont ) ( brian do not respond to anv of this ) bri , darling , on a trip like this ... all this ropinguity . «other might just find himse want to make I the baroness von ileune und regensburg . ( brian give she a look ) '' @ll , stxanger thing have happen . ' brian ( move irritably ) let 's finish pack . . sally ° bri , you really have turn into the dreariest , most downbeat , middle - class ... 3rian ( snap out ) I be middle - class , and so be you , Sally . you be not go to be the baroness von anything . and you be not the whore of Babylon ! sally ( givee he a campily seductive shoulder , a hae yestisn kind of read ) I be the whore of Berlin . I have not hit Babylon yet . brian ( suddenly furious , it all explode ) I wish you could hear yourself ! T mean really hear yourself ..- " the pover of a woman 's body ...' Christ ! you just let yourself be use . : sally use ! brian lothar 's not go to make you anything put older . lothar 's marry . sally I do not believe youl brian there 's already a baroness von eune und regensourg . believe I , page 102 sally nmake a giant effort to shrug off this unexpected personage ) " ell , he can not be very firmly marry ... when we go to ee . brian stop it ! stop delude yourself . about lothar , about use man and gold -digging , and behave like some sort of ludicrous little underage femme fatale ... you be about as ' fatale 's as a after-dinner mint ! lothar 's not ... sally ( she eye narrowing , dangerously ) of course , darling , we know all about you vast experience of les femme we . fatale or otherwise . if you know anything at all about man and woman , you would know I ™vé handle lothar brilliantly ! brian ( laugh ) oh , brilliantly ! sally why do not you just come out with it ? you be rotten jealous because lothar 's everything you be not ! he 's worldly and rich and suave and divinely sexy ! he really appreciate a woman 's body.ee . brian oh fuck lothar ! sally ( shout ) I dot brian ( shout back ) 80 do Il they stare at one another for a echoing moment . then brian take a deep , shudder breath . page 102 brian ( contd ) I be sorry . sally ( blank with shock ) you and lothar .. brian you need not feel too exclude , Sally . I be quite sure what he 's try to buy be a match pair . sally you and lothar . you bastard ! brian you and m2 and lothar , two gent and a lady , just as you say , sally I think you iove I ! yhere be a sudden knock '' the door . nebthor sally nor brian answer ily silinpedy + $ oasdcoe davey at one another . in the teuse silane , eat ahve be tactfully slip under the door . sally glance down , recognize the handwrite , move to pick up the envelope . sap she open it and pull out a letter and a modest assortment of banknote , sally stare first at the money , then read the letter , she face expressionless . at last , she look up . sally he 's run out on I , {thrusts the letter at brian ) simply run out on I , the lousy faggot ! | brian {rapi@ly scan the letter ) ws '' grow certainty that my duty be to leave for Argentina at this time ...' ( laugh shortly ) sally what 's so funny ? page 103 brian prebably to round up money for uitler -- that 's he ' duty at this time 's , sally {uninterested in Hitler ) what about he duty to I ! suppose they will not take I back at thé Club ! he 's let I throw over everything and then abandon I with three hundred lousy maark oe . brian it do not matter , sally ‘hat do you mean it do not matter ! brian I mean , what matter be we . sally ( this be only add fuel to the fire ) us. of course it be we he abandon , be not it ? we he dumped like a couple of tired tart ! leave we with all this ... safari .... {furiously kick the pile of packaag ) junk ! heonever mean to play fair with I ! not from the beginning . and vou ! you know it all the time , didn " you , Lady '! indemere ? brian give she a sharp , hard slap which she instantly return . too furious to trust himself further in the same house with sally , 2 rian stumble across the litter floor and slam out of the room , CUT to : '' ext , STREET in front of schneider' house - dusk brian rush into the street , start walk at a fast clip . CUT to ; STREET pass beneath overhead railway . brian approach . it be a busy hour of the day . there bian lod be numerous pedestrian , people hurty hou : crone work , fake advantage of this be two young nazis who stand under the edge of the elevate , hawk copy cf the deutscher ' iehrgeist , a wazi publication . one of the nazis hold out the paper to the passersby , solicit ; the other stand back beside the box on which the stack of papers lie , brian watch 's they for a moment , ' they make one or two sale . brian approach . nazi helfen sie un , ordnung in die strassen berlin zu bringen . unterstutzen sie die parteigenossen , kamerade . brian , knove exactly what he be do , move in toward they . he speak directly to the nazi . brian you magazine be pure crap , comrade . it must be obvious that brian be invite disaster ... but he have speak in English . the nazi be suspicious , uncertain of what have keen say to he . razt be haben sie gesagt , kamerad ? brian ( suicidally ) I say , das ist lauter scheisse , comrade . and so be you . fhe nazi to whom he tas speak be for a brief moment too astonished to react , but the one stand behind he swear and move in , brian simply stand and let it happen . a number of people stop to watch the beat , but do nothing to interfere . shot of brian . ' Pov nazi who sit on brian punch he , blood flow from srian 's mouth , he be on the ground look up . averhead , the train pass screechingly , like eally 's scream . CUT to : page 105 int . kit kat club = sight the kit kat chorus girl ( about seven ) enter from the wing do a typical " tiller Girls " routine . facing front , arm around each other ! waist , unison kick , etc , they be dress in abbreviate black costume , revealing much flesh above they stock top and at the cleavage . suddenly we be aware that one of the girl be the i.c . ( note : this will be a version of the very effective number from the show in which the h.c. reveal himself to be a transvestite . ) as the dance begin to fall apart , we hear the ominous sound of military drum , the music change to a martial version of '' tomorrow belong to I " as the iiec . and the girl gdose - step offstage . curt to : int . sally rooii late night sally and briaii lie in bed together , brian , he face batter , a cut above the oye cover with stickina plaster . lis nose be swollen and he lip out . his be asleep . seside he lie sally , awake . the fur coat be spread over the bed , cut to : int . sally roow day the room be clear and back very much in its original state , only a few box remain , brian , he face a bit improve , be again at work at the the table . sally sit listlessly regard the remain box , brian ( sigh , turn over a page ) the worst about pornography be it 's so prudish ... sally ( kick at one of the. box ) God , how easy we must have seem . ' brian {briskly ) come on , Sally . I think we would aareed t6 dron the subject . a — — — — — a '' - s=s=ssss | S ss eetstétz ‘le -~ page 106 sally ( continue as if she do not hear he ) sitting duck . the damn degenerate . ( iook up ) he take cocaine , you know . brial ( interested ) vlo , I do not . ' sally se cme . ( righteously ) I have never know a dope fiend you could rely on . ( brian smile . sally , continue with no change of tone whatever , throw the bomb ) I be go to have a baby . brian ° a ( utterly horrify ) oh , not godl salt L ( shrug ) that 's why I think marrying lothar would be so sensible . brian ( after a moment ) how be you sure it ..... be the bahy lothar 's ? ( she shrug ) t mean have you give any think to the possibility that it might be mine ? sally - ( tiredly ) of course , I have , @arling . it be just that under the circumstance , it seem more convenient for it to be lothar 's . brian convenient ! sally oh , you know what I mean , darling . ( nore ) page 107 sally ( cont ) ( there be a moment of silence between they as they studiously avoid look at each other ) I be awfully scared , Brian . brian oh , Sally , what be you go to do ? sally well , obviously , i can not have the baby ... I would be a rotten mother , just a betrayed whore . brian 411 you for God 's sake stop call yourself that ! you know you be not . sally begin to weep quietly . brian go to she , take she in he arm . . sally the doctor I go to will do it . but it 's horribly expensive ... he have to bribe somebody for some kind of certificate or something . I will have to give he my fur coat ... brian Sally ... sally ( begin to sob ) oh , bri , I have never in my life be so terrify ! oh , Christ , it 's awful ! silently , brian hold herr finally , she straighten up , sniff , pull herself together . sally it 's so awful to think about , .. that there 's something alive inside of you , and you can not let it live ... ( she voice fade off ) brian ( after a moment ) I do not think you would be a rotten e mother , Sally . page 108 , sally ( crossiy ) oh , for God 's sake , Brian , do not be soft . ' that difference do it make what kind of mother I would be ? brian I will marry you , Sally . ( she stare at he ) I think I might rather like be a futher , it would be something ... definite . sally oh , darling ! you be always so nice . ( she lip tremble somewhere between tear and laughter ) I mean , it probably be you baby , but just suppose it turn out to be a nasty little coke - up kraut ! ( brian laugh , sally smile ) anyway , you do not have any money . srian w@ can go back to England , I have a aunt , ... I can borrow enough to get we home and then I can get some kind of job teach . sally oh , bri ... ntry it - a mixture of awe and doubt ) a professor 's wife , ly God , brian ( laugh ) I can not think where you would cause the worse uproar ... in a boy 's school , or a girl 't oh Sally ! ( embrace she ) wait till my mother meet you ! cor to : ext . STREET day a large crowd gather in front of the corner building . it be identify as a bank , ile see , however , that iron lattice be draw over the window , and in the middle of the door be fix a small notice . a wosan be page 109 bang frantically on the lock door . cut to : croud jo . a lot of wen with leather satchel , and women with stringbags .. , . woman like schweider . in fact , we quickly make out schneider herself among the crowd . as the crowd mutter and a few sharp exclamation of rage and dismay ring out , a little boy play with a hoop among the crowd , rub the hocp up against a hwomas 's leg . she swing furiously at he with she paq , . unohan ( ith bag du , sei bloss nicht so frech ! a han aim a kick at the boy , he toe barely graze the seat of the child 's pants . , cur to : int . schneider' reception rooit a excited schneider , still in she hat , surround by brian , kost and lud ' ig , and another boarder , a golder ' ioman , schneider it 's true ... the crowd be so upset someone try to kick a little child ! ludwig terrible ! terrible ! kost the darmstadter unt National shut down ! there will be thousand ruin . schneider . Professor kleinmann down the block say we will have a civil war in a fortnight ! a red revolution ! ludwig ( gently derisive ) I be sure the herr Professor have secret source of information . page 110 kost ‘hy not ? that type be all Communists , Communists and Jews . they be all together , lud ! ig oh come now , fraulein ... | older woman it be true . the Jews stick together , schweider ( nod ) always the Jews , brian what nonsense , lud '? ig they be blame because they be clever , old '' ioan too clever , schneider it be true . ‘his town be sick with Jews , turn over any stone and a couple of they will crawl out . strangle we , robbing we ! look at all the big deaprtment store ... landauer , wertheim 's , k.d.‘ l.. eeyou can not buy a‘petticoat without lining they pocket . brian stare at she , shocked . kost filthy thieve Jews ! brian - ( coldly ) the landauer be personal friend of mine ... ( to schneider ) as you well know , fraulein . schneider ( tight -lipped ) but not of mine , brian , glare at she , furious , page lll brian then I daresay it be because they have not see fit to cultivate the conpany of a.... a concierge ... oturn to kost ) : ee ecof a tarteree brian turn on he heel , and stride angrily from the room . lud'7 ig move toward brian , try to placate he as they stride down the hall . ' ludvig ( sadly ) do not blame they too much , herr Roberts , they be ignorant ... they do not have the insight that only the study of literature bring ... CUT to : int . landauer' departhent store day brian and watalia come down escalator , brian be carry a fancily wrap present . natalia ( indicate the gift in brian 's hand ) you will sec . once Sally become a wife , she will be most proud to make tea from good silver . brian , you be very sweet , watalia , but too gonerous , as they walk through the store , natalia gravely and graciously receive the unspoken homage of store employee . watalia ntry not to show she depression ) I have come to so like you Sally , it seem strange that we will not any of we see each other no more , brian it be not my business , natalia , but I think you should leave too ... as you father wish . 'o / page 112 natalia I can not leave my parent . by now they have reach the store 's exit . they go through revolve deor to the : street . CuT to : ext . berlin STREET ext . landauer' store day almost immediately , brian and natalia find themselves part of a crowd that have form a tense knot on the sidewalk . the crowd be compose of pedestrian who have stop , to watch the antic of three nazis , two of whom be use bright yellow paint to scrawl , in giant letter , : '' juden " . on landauer 's show window . the third nazi harangue the crod . nazi gute Deutsche kaufen von anderen neutschen , sie unterstutzen nicht diese blutegel unsdrer wirtschaft . ( " good Germans buy from other Germans . tney do not support this blight on we economy ... this etcrnal bloodsuck !' ) brian {quietly to watalia ) come on , watalia ... let 's get out of here we . : natalia ( fiercely , shaking off he protective arm ) wo ! I will not ! this English expletive draw the attention of the nazi speechmaker . he sccwl at she , nazi ( in English ) you do not agree , fraulein ? you would encourage the Jews to go on feed and fatten from the bare bone of good Germans ? , page 113 natalia {so furious , she be not even slightly frighten ) it be not tae Jews , but pig like you who be look for someone to feed off ... wazi you call I a pig ... Jew whore ! the crow begin to mill in fright . the lead nazi start toward watalia , brian push she back , try to move backwards himself , but still protect she ... other in the crowd move to protect natalia ... some move avay .. , there be much push and shove . CUT to : closeup natalia enrage . she will not be save . fights she way free of brian , shoulder she way toward the nazi . natalia lying scum ! ' illdly , natalia swing she purse at the leer face ... she almost make contact , but he duck . at this moment , someone throw a stone ... whether at the store , the wazi , or natalia , we do not know . Glass shatter , woman scream , the wazi dodge away , the shatter glass catch natalia , cut she forehead , srian , push he way to she , grab she and pull she ruthlessly through the panicky crowd . watalia ( triumphantly through stream blood ) hal do you see he run ! * cur to : ext , berlin STREET day sally and fritz walk together , sally wo , you must come in and have a drink . I be so glad I run into you , fritz , darling , I have be horribly depressed , page 114 fritz ( sedm rather depressed himself ) what be the matter , fially ? how can you be depressed ? you and urian will go soon to London and be together . you be very fortunate . sally oh , yes , it 's marvelous be with Brian , darling , but go back to England ... ( sigh ) actually , I do not suppose we will even be '' in lendon . probably some outpost of the Empire like Manchester . they have reach fraulein schneider 's house ; sally take out she key . cur to : int , sally room day sally and fritz , sally be at the cabinet . : sally '' hat we need , fritz , darling , be ... ( pull out bottle of gin ) dear old ilother 's ruin . ( a short laugh ) just what the doctor order , ( pour they each a fulsome glass ) I get a letter today from a old friend ... , a girl I grow up with ... she be absolutely marvelous . the be always in trouble together ... for smoking and not wear bloomer ... '' + everybody keep tell we we would come to a bad end , ( laugh ; drink ) well , she do . ( flick envelope which lie . on table ) she marry a boy from home and be just about to have she second baby . suddenly the door burst open , brian enter , he be mess up , but not hurt . he do not see fritz . page 115 brian ( to sally ) thank heaven you be back ! I have get natalia with I ... I leave she in the bathroom to vash ... where 's some stick plaster ? fritz ( alarmed ) natalia ? who be it you need for stick plaster ? sally what on earth ... brian dash across the hall to he loom . '' '' fritz right on he tail . brian ( talk as he move ) we be in a fight with a bunch of Nazis ... natalia get hit ... go help ner , cally ... cuT to : int , brian room day erian be rummage through a medicine box ... brian todine ...asoirin. , . where the devil 's the stick plaster ? you should have see ner , fritz ! she be like Joan of Arc ! fritz from the doorway , hear footstep , he turn , stare . cur to : 10 shot sally and natalia in hallway sally hold onto watalia 's arm , natalia hold she hand over the cut in she forehead , she be a bit rumple , but otherwise quite alright , although she suit and blouse be bloody . when she spot fritz , she stiffen , but continue toward sally 's room . brian ( voice over ) here it be ! nam mn . page 116 int , sally room day fritz let I see . tenderly , he kneel in front of watalia , who sit stiffly upright in a chair , she hand cover not only she forehead , but as much of she eye as possible ... she will not look at fritz . watalia Brian do not tell I you be here , fritz he do not know . brian remove the hand from she face in order to apply the plaster . fritz gasp when he see the vound , it be superficial . , . but it be he natalia who be wounded , brian put the plaster over the cut . fritz you must go to a doctor , it will not be clean enough from just wash . there must be a disinfectant . brian ( go to cupboard ) let I get you some brandy , natalia . natalia ( very uneasy under the attention of the hover fritz ) I do not think so . brian yes , but I do think so , you need something , - and it 's quite good brandy . it 's part of ... quite a good loot . I be go to have some . fritz it need another plaster ... this one will let in too much air ... dust ... sally stand quietly watch fritz attend to natalia . page 117 brian hand natalia a brandy . pritz peel another plaster . natalia I can put it on myself . fritz I know , but let - I do it , please . drink you brandy and let I do it . watalia , although she try not to show it , be very touch . brian see sally be drink gin . quietly he take jt from she . give she he brandy . brian this be better for you . fritz have take as long as he can apply a second plaster to havalia 's forehead . fritz there . natalia _ and now I must go to home . ( rise , straighten she clothes ) fritz you will let I take you , please ... natalia ily dear young man , taceoe fritz " , .am not sixty year old and can go home unmolested . " iwatalia I prefer to go alone . fritz no . ' natalia and if we run into another of this ... abomination ? fritz I must be with you , ilatalia . page 118 at this , brian raise he head . the two man exchange glance , frit2 nod very gently . he speak to brian . fritz ( cont ) I tell it now . brian lethim take you , watalia , we would all feel much better . ( quickly , fritz pick up he glove , hat} and , watalia ... watalia yes ? brian 1 admire you very much this afternoon . watalia I can not see why . fritz ( to natalia ) : come . oe as he reach for she hand , the camera move in to hold close on they clasped hand . the voice of fritz and the i.C. be hear in unison as we dissolve to : tight shot of 11.c. 's ard gorilla 's clasped hand . fritz & h.c. ( voice over ) from now on , we go together . pan up to find h.c. and a attractive girl gorilla hold hand , she wear a chic little skirt and carry a handbag . h.c , look reprovingly at he audience ( and we audience ) . i.C. ( sing ) I know what you be think ... you wonder why i choose she out of all the lady in the world . that 's just a first impression ... vhat good 's a first impression ? if you know she like T do , it would change you point of view . page 119 not ( contd ) if you could see she through my eye , you would not wonder at all , if you could see she through my eye , I guarantee you would fall ... like I do . when we be in public together , I hear society moan . but if they could see she through my eye , iiaybe they would leave we alone . . how can I speak of she virtue ? I do not know where to begin : she 's clever , she 's smart , she read music , she do not smoke or drink ginse like I do , yet when we be walk together , they sneer if I be hold she hand , but if they could see she through my eye , taybe they would all understand , ( they waltz ) : I understand you objection , I grant you the problem 's not small . but if you could see she through my eye , she do not look jewish at all ! CuT tos int , kit kat klub backstage night sally approach wing , pass klaus . klaus you be on next , Sally . she smile at he , stand near entrance as mc and gorilla pass , sally cannot be see from audience , the gorilla stop and take she head off , she be one of the kit kat chorus . gorilla girl Max say you be to England soon go back , ja ? sally nod . sally 's Pov - we see brian sit alone at table 9 , gorilla girl ( cont ) will you write to I ? if perhaps they be need girl in London . page 120 sally watch brian react to he telephone ringing . he answer it , listen , shake he head , " no " , say goodbye , and hang up . during this , sally look about try to see who be speak to he . two shot — sally and gorilla girl sally sure Anna , I will write . sally Pov - briah at table . anna touch sally 's arm appreciatively as she move off , sally continue to watch brian , he be very solemn , suddenly , he be approach by a han who remind we very strongly of lothar . the man be very attractive and not obvicusly homosexual . he jeans over , smile , and speak to brian . brian smile and ig completely civil , put also , completely negative . the ma , with a faint , teasing , disbely smile , bow and walk away . cuT to : closeup brian his face show nothing , but he eye suddenly close . : CUT to : wed , close sally she be still watch brian , she , too , close she eye , tight . scmeone indistinguishable appear behind she . a man 's arm encircle she from behind and place he hand on she breast . ' sally react ~~ as she turn , we cur to : close shot ~ ii.C. and sally , face to face . sally igs startle . she pull back . he hold she by both elbow , he smirk . mc , ( insinuatingly ) be you ready , fraulein ? cuUT to : hed , close sally - pull back . CUT to : page lea hed . shot ii .c. and sally he laugh as he release she and step out onto the stage . mec. ( to audience } meine damen und herren -- hesdames et hessieurs -~ lady and gentlemen ... and now , once again - fraulein saliy bowle ! loud drum roll along with a smatter of applause from the audience . quick CUT to : int . build lobby night silent the sound of applause and drum roll at end of precede scene should cut off abruptly - actually cut the tape - so as to emphasize the silence as we cut to this scene . long shot from extremely low angle , in the foreground , find sally hugging she fur coat about she . she 's stand with she back to the camera look up a dimly light , long , steep stairway lead to a somewhat grubby landing which sport a large stain ~ glass window . as it be night , very little light filter through this remnant of better day . sally sigh . deeply , then move . toward the stair and start up . hold on she climp as long as possible , the only sound , the noise of she spike heel on the step . ccut to : wed . shot sally she climb up toward camera on landing . Pan with she as she cross to 's a unmark door . she pause for a moment , then ring the bell , . CUT to : close on sally her expression impassive as she wait for a response to she ring . she react to the door open . CUT to : page 122 wed , close sally '' over she shoulder as the door open . ‘le can not see who have open it , sadly enter . curt to ; int . kit kat klub close shot of heavily make up , ugly chorus girl . she scream as she drop out of snot in a fly split revealing rest of girl who alternately scream and do same ( typical , old - hat can - can move ) . after just a flash of this : CUT tos sally room morning brian be asleep in he clothes across sally 's bed . the spread have not be turn down . sally enter . she wear a dress , no coat . the door open , so do brian 's eyesS , sally be not conscious of he , only of move herself rather carefully to the sofa , where she sit lean back in exhaustion . after a moment , she become aware of brian 's presence . they look at each other silently ' for a moment , srlly '' good morning , darling . ' would you mind awfully ... see if there 's a lit of that brandy leave ? ( brian blink , look at he watch , see that it be full day ) oh , very well , put a egg in it . we will call it breakfast . ( close she eye , tiredly ) silently , brian get up , go to the cabinet , pour she a brandy without the egg , bring it to she . she take it , smile gratefully . sally you be quite the nicest man in the world , darling . ( drink , tnen make a attempt to contain the situation ) I suppose you wonder what on earth happen to I ... I run into some paga 123 : sally ( cont ) old friend , and I be afraid we make rather a night of it . nput she foot up on the sofa , still srian do not speak ) you must have be horribly worried , I be so sorry , darling . I 'ma monster.ee : ( attempt a laugh ) «esa very hang - over monster . ( briaw " 's silence and steady regard be get on she nerve ) well ... be not you go to say anything ? brian ( quietly ) the money come , Sally . my aunt send a bank order . we can leave whenever we like . sally ( brightly ) . harvelous ! tiell ... as long as the pressure 's off ... I mean , we might . as well take we time ... I really would like to stay on at the club for a few week s.esee brian it 's time toleave Berlin . it 's no good for we here anymore . sally darling , Max do take I back after that Africa nonsense , and I do not want to run out on they while they need I .. , I think liax be finally beginning to realize what a tremendous asset I be , and ... brian Sally , you be go to have a baby . sally do not answer . brian be not you ? sally nell , actually , darling .... ( more ) page 124 sally ( cont ) ( take a deep breath ) I be not . '' tgive he a big smile ) everything 's okay , ' ihat I mean be , surprise ! you know how stupid TI be at arithmetic . I must just have make the most ridiculous miscount.ee0 | Brian do the doctor miscount too ? sally oh , you know what kind of doctor he be . dreadful little quack abortionist ... probably tell everybody they be pregnant ... try to drum up trade , this people will do anything for a few dirty mark . brian here 's you fur coat ? sally ( determine to see the great lie all the way through ) oh , God , darling , it be the most drunken night . I have lose it . oh , well ... who need to be remind of lothar ? you know , bri , you be absolutely rijht ... he run out be the best thing that could possibly have happen to we , jie would have just drag we down ... destroy we career . ( bpian just continue to stare at she , drive she to chatter more and more nervously , emptily ) I wish you would be with we tonight , bri , darling . I have not drunk so much in year ! we go from place to place to place ... I can not even remomber half of they , it be all so ... wild ...s0.0. marvelous ... ( she record play down ) - there be a long moment of silence , then sally , take a deep treath , sit up , grab brian 's hand . page 125 sally ( cont ) darling , do not you see , the . trouble be , I really do adore you , and sooner or later you would not adore I .... and there we would be ... barling , you know I can not bear not be adore , so I would probably run out and there would be the child ... and you would have to keep it because ... ( bravely give brian a emotional out ... take , really , all the blame on herself ) after all , I do have my career to think of . brian look at she , see through she completely . he manage a smile , pour each of they a glass of brandy , then he take B a envelope from he pocket , remove some money from it . brian I be leave Berlin , ( give she half the money ) get you coat back if you can , ( raise he glass ) neck and leg-break , Sally . sally ( more tenderly than she have ever speak ) neck and leg-break , bri ..... suddenly they be tight in each other 's arm , cur to : ext . train station wight brian carry suitcase . he walk slowly as if try to memorize everything he see , cur to : ext , STREET under the elevate railway sally stand underneath as train roar overhead . cur to : page 126 closeup sally ler eye close tight as the train scream for she . as train sound recade , , have hear : sally voice ( over ) ( sing ) what good be sit alone in you room ? ' Cone hear the music play .... . dissolve to : int , kit kat klub night close on sally perform . sally ( sing ) life be a cabaret , old chum , come to the cabaret , put down the knitting , the book and the broom , time for a holiday . life be a cabaret , old chum , come to the cabaret . come taste the wine , come hear the band , come blow a horn , start celebrate right this way , you table 's wait . no use permit some prophet of doom to wipe every smile away . life be a cabaret , old chum , come to the cabaret , I use to have a girl friend know as elsie tith whom I share four sordid rocm in chelsea . she be not what you would call a blush flower ; as a matter of fact , she rent by the hour , the day she die the neighbor come to snicker , " nell , that 's what come of too much pill and liquor . but when I see she laid out like a queen , she be the happiest corpse I would ever see . I think of elsie to this very day I remember how she would turn to I and say .... page 127 sally ( cont ) what good be sit alone in you room ? come hear tne music play . life be a cabaret , old chum , come to the cabaret . put down the knitting , the book and the broom , Tire for a holiday . . lire be a cabaret , old chum , come to the cabaret . and as for I , as for I , I make my mind up back in chelsea . '' man I go , I be go like elsie ! start py admit from cradle to tomb be not that long a stay . life be a cabaret , old chum , only a cabaret , old chum , and I love a cabaret ! dissolve to : | ext . station platform brian walk between tto train : one prepare to leave , the other pull in -- just arrive . lle approach two uniform wazis , they watch each window of the arrive train , obviously await the arrival of someone with anticipate pleasure . pan . with brian zs he pass the wazis and board he train . loudspeaker voice letze ansage ! berin- Paris Express abfanrt vier uhr bahnsteig siebzehn . alle einsteigen , bitte ! letzte ansage ! CUT to : int , train comparthent - night rrian , sit alone in the compartment . the train begin to pull out . brian sing softly to himself . brian ( more a whisper than sing ) willkomuen , bienvenue , welcome , frende , etranger , stranger.ece ( bore ) page 128 brian ( cont ) ( C 's voice join brian 's ) eeeeeGlucklich zu sehen , je suis encnante , happy to s@@ youseesrce brian stop sing as the hc 's voice grow stronger . mc ( voice over ) weeebleibe , reste , stay . Willkommen , bienvenue , welcom@.ee im cabaret , au cabaret , to cabaret ! cuT to : brian be Pov - station platform - train moving on the opposite train , a han appear at one of the compartinent door , he wave at the two nazis who turn and greet he with the recognizable extend arm salute , they stand that way , recede as have pull away with the depart train . hc' voice segueing from singing into speech , be heard over above actich : mc ( voice over ) iieine dameh und herren ... mesdame et messieur ... lady and gentlemen.e . dissolve to : wr. kit kat klub wight full figure ic hc ( cont ) \here be you trouble now ? forgotten ? I tell you so ! '' le have no trouble here . here life be beautiful . , . the girl be beautiful ... even the orchestra be beautiful . the sleazy all -girl coibo be roll out on its platform . they play the last eight bar of '' itillkommen " as we see the audience we first sau , middle - class buisinessh “n , they " ives , they customer , but scattered ameng they now , @ few uniform and swastika armband , it be not as bright ; a dream - like quality prevail , the combo segues ' " . page 129 isto the downbeat for sally 's vocal entrance as we cuT to : full , figup sail sally ft es : : . ( sing ) ' y make iy mind up back in chelsea , jnen I go I be go like elsie. ( light dim ) ee. from cradle to tomb be not that long a stay , life be a cabaret , old chum , life be a cabaret , old chum , camera pull back to give the effect of sally 's figure recede , it become smaller and smaller as she repeat , sing : sally life be a cabaret , old chum , life be a cabaret , old chum , '' ~ life be a cabaret , old chum , nfade out ) cuT to : full figure hc hanging in 3.g , be the large mirror . it reflect the distort image of the n.c , and he audience . h.c. ( sing ) auf weidersehen ... ( orchestra repeat melody of '' auf weidersehen " ) a bientot ... ( orchestra repeat " a bientot " , . speak ) good night ! as a loud drumroll hit hard , the mc suddenly vanish , leave the stage empty . the mirror reflect the distort audience stare at we . as the drumroll { end with a lovd cymbal crash , superimpose the end