a' 323-937-2119 ph cabin fever 2 [ revise draft ] jéshua malkin 2/28/04 cy ~ ~ ext . forest - dusk a gorgeous vista , green and lush . beneath the canopy of branch , a small brook babbles over moss cover rock . a bullfrog croak loudly from its perch atop what look like ... a human leg ? sure enough , it 's attach to a body semi-submerged in the water -- unrecognizable in the rapidly darken light . begin credit time ellipse : dusk give way to night . the moon cast a blue hue over the wood . the sun rise , illuminate the body for the first time . it 's paul . his clothing be largely tear away , revealing purple flesh swollen with open sore . there be the dull hum of swarm fly . a shaft of sun carve its way through the thick nest of branch and creep across the glisten water . it travel Paul 's torso , up to he neck . as the light hit he face , he eyelid unexpectedly burst OPEN and Paul try to scream , but only rasp air escape he lip . as he struggle to he foot - blood , puss , even small chunks of skin splash into the water . we follow the swirl gore as it 's carry off downstream . ext . forest - continuous pull back , widen we view of the forest and follow the route of the strean . we race its course , across a meadow until we reach : ext . water bottling plant - morning close on a sign read : '' down Home spring Water '' the stream dead enda into a man make pond , from which protrude several enormous steel pipe . int . bottling plant - continuous we follow the pipe into the Plant , and then the route of the water through the production line . the water get pump into hold tank , then into the individual bottle . the company slogan appear on each and every plastic container : '' down Home purity - from we to you ... '' ext , forest ~- morning , later Paul look around dizzily for orientation . dense forest on three side . beside he , a steep embankment and at its crest , he see something . a pass car ? a road ? he take a few step , clearly intent to make the climb , then notice something on he bare chest . a leech . he pluck it away . and see another . and another . he 's cover in they ! he panic , tear they off he flesh with wild - eye disgust , each bloat leech leave behind a ooze wound . ext . embankment , moment later Paul crawl he way up the steep incline . the progress be taxing . crack ! his ankle buckle , twist at a sharp angle and shoot a thick stream of blood . Paul 's water eye squeeze close , but he do not stop . ext . road ~ moment later Paul reach the summit , he heart pound in he head . the world be spin as he limp , delirious , into the road ... whap ! a school bus smashes through Paul , instantly liquefy he and explode he content over the front grill . his remain be shotput twenty yard , then cartwheel down the embankment and splash land back into the stream . the bus wheel screech as the vehicle skid to a stop . the road fill with the sound of scream child . ext . road , accident scene - later the school bus and its hysterical occupant be surround by light flare . the unconscious bus driver be load into a wait ambulance . the only other official on the scene - two forest rangers , one male , one female - be pull barricade across the road . she 's young and frumpy . the male Ranger [ 20 , buzzcut ] be clearly quite high on he responsibility . a sheriff cruiser arrive , light flash . the door open and winston 's boot leg glide to the pavement . he approach the bus , full swagger in he step . end credit int . bus - continuous it 's mayhem . kid be scream , cry , some have already be sick and other be on the verge . reveal Winston , impatiently compete for they attention . winston kid , I be deputy Winston . ( no response ) all right now . if we can all just settle down . settle . everything be under control . ( still nothing ) all right ! I be go to need you to shut up ! just shut the hel . up ! the wail intensify . Winston tug he hair in frustration ... then pull he gun . this seem to work : a hush fall over the bus . the kid stare , saucer -ey . winston good . thank you . now look , the bus seem to have hit a moose or something . we be gonna get you off to school very soon okay ? a little boy raise he hand . Winston let the boy wait a moment before call on he . winston yeah ? little boy can I go to the baf-room ? a chorus of high - pitch voice erupt . everyone have to go to the goddamn bathroom . Winston 's world threaten to plunge back into chaos , so he hold up he gun : a reminder . the hush descend . Winston indicate to the boy . winston what number ? the boy slowly raise two finger . winston no . no fuck way . ext . road , accident scene - later Winston be do . investigation over . in the background , the male Ranger be dutifully inspect the bus . Winston and the female Ranger light cigarettes . winston so , how 's it go ? ( awkwardly flirtatious ) I get a forty in my cruiser ... the male Ranger peel a strip of bloody cloth out of the bus grill . it 's part of a pants leg . male ranger found something ! do not think deer wear american Eagle . winston it be a deer . let 's get this kid to school . or home . wherever the fuck they go . the male Ranger have now follow the splatter to the edge of the embankment . he look down and call out : male ranger there 's a trail of blood - seem to go down this hill ! winston okay then - let 's wrap thing up . the male Ranger approach , get right in Winston 's face . male ranger look , something die here and I take that real serious . you need to go somewhere , that 's fine by I . T all put it in my report . I know over - promote incompetence when I see it , '' deputy . '' female ranger maybe we should check into this a little further . Winton sigh deeply , wear down . winston Fine ! Fine . we will poke around a bit . Jesus . the rumble of a approach large vehicle -- it 's a down Home Water bottle delivery truck . Winston wave it past . int . water truck - continuous the driver eye the disaster with disgust . driver Fucking gross . cur to : ext . a different road - morning the Water bottle delivery truck proceed on it 's journey . pan to see a sign which read : '' leave bunyon County '' ext . four -lane highway the truck merge with city traffic . ext . big CITY - day the truck drive past a sport stadium ... but we do not stop . later : we drive past ... CITY hall ... but we do not slow down . we drive past ... a old folk home ... we make turn onto a suburban residential STREET . we drive past upscale house and up to a large high school . the truck pass the entrance . the high school be spare ? no . the truck stop suddenly . the white reverse light illuminate . the truck back up , stop , and then turn into the high school driveway . ext . mt. vernon high school - parking lot - day the truck pull up to the curb . it come to rest by the school entrance . int . mt. vernon high school - hallway the driver be wheeling the hand - truck down the hallway . we pass all kind of regular high school activity : kid talk at locker , kid walk around , kid make out . some attach balloon along the wall of the hallway . we pass through a set of door into ... int . mi. vernon high school - lunchroom kid be eat , talk , horsing around . the Driver push the water across the length of the lunchroom . kid bob and weave out of he way . he pull up to the front of the line and hoist a case of bottle water onto the counter . the lunch lady glare at he , annoyed . lunch lady yeah just drop that anywhere . a skinny girl move through the line reach for one of the driver 's new bottle . as she hand touch it , she hesitates and then ... decide on a soda . a fat girl move through the line reach for one of the bottle . she hesitates . instead , she grab two large chocolate milk . zach , we hero , pull a water right from the case . he 's a small guy , with obvious potential and kind feature . wait for the lunch Lady 's attention , he open the bottle and be just about to sip when a hand smack it away from he lip . the open bottle skitter across the floor . Zach turn to face doug , a tower , beady - eye asshole . doug ( under he breath ) oops , sorry faggot . Doug waltze off . Zach grab a Orange juice . lunch lady rring Zach up ) ok , so that 's one water , one oj ... ( to the truck Driver ) put it all back there . the lunch Lady gesture toward 's the storage room . the driver slide the case off of the counter and return it to the hand - truck . as he wheel to the back room - bam ! two jock , jack and bob , tackle each other , smashing into he hand cart . the tower of water wobble . jack sorry . my bad . bob yeah . we bad . 7 . Jack and Bob brush themselves off and walk away . the lunch Lady and Driver continue to the back room . as they walk , we see two bottle have be taken from the driver 's case !!! nobody notice . while he push the bottle behind the lunch Lady ... we see Jack and Bob pull they stolen water bottle out from beneath they jacket . jack sweet . bob you owe I a buck . int . mt. vernon high school - hallway - same the two jock burst through the lunchroom door . they move down the locker - line corridor clutching they prize water . bob the limo , it 's get like four tv 's ! jack Holy shit ! we can totally -- bob watch the game ! bob jack go panther ! go panther ! they high - five as they round a corner . Jack turn toward 's the school exit . Bob stop . bob ( cont ’d ) where you go ? jack I have get a few thing to take care of . a little last minute romance . bob ( concerned ) I ' 1l see you later , right ? Jack open the bottle and take a swig in salute as he head out the door , into the sunlight . int . mt. vernon high school , hallway - continuous Bob be mid-stride . he pass two girl , natasha [ preppy , cute , jade cheerleader ] and katie [ high -strung busybody . } the girl be not friend , just locker neighbor . bob hey natasha . natasha you see Jack ? bob you boyfriend just take off . make prep for the special night . natasha you boyfriend , you mean ? Bob stare at she dumbly . katie she 's kid , silly . natasha not really . bob you go to prom , Katie ? katie of course ! prom be go to be amazing , be not you pump ?! I be on the decorate committee , so I can assure you - it 's go to be , like , totally beautiful . bob ( be nice ) total touchdown . natasha please , please stop speak in football -ese . Katie retrieve several blister pack of allergy medication from she bag , then eye Bob 's bottle of water . katie hey . can I have that ? bob uh...sure . yeah . Bob toss and she catch it . bob ( to Katie ) see you later . ( to natasha ) take another valium , kay ? katie ( oblivious ) okay ! see ya , Bob ! int . mt. vernon high school - locker - day Zach confer with best - friend sham [ loudmouth , endear geek - prince ] while remove book from they locker . Bob pass behind they , chanting the school fight rally . zach ( shocked ) wait ... what be you gonna do ? sham I be gonna shave my nut ! all the pro do it . every one . zack I doubt that Katie will venture anywhere near you nut . sham yeah , I can not believe she 's date . but at least I have the ball to ask someone . zach you and you hairy , hairy ball . they both laugh , close they locker , and shuffle off . ext . mt. vernon high school , parking lot - day '' moose , '' a huge and eager student bear more than a pass resemblance to he nickname , squeeze out of a old volvo fill with kegs . he look to a group of kid smoking . moose kegs baby ! moose jog over to join CHRIS welch , the cool , rich , uber - stud ( part spader , part stifler ) , he friend tyler ( silent , tough guy ] and part-time shadow , Doug [ the asshole . ] moose ( cont ’d ) my uncle see I lift the stuff from he store . can not go back ... 10 . Chris hold out a fist full of bill . CHRIS Fine . but we still need ice , cup , jello , funnel , hose - you know the drill . get everything you can . moose okay . I have a club card . it 's get dynamite savings . dynamite . CHRIS Drop the gear outside my house . come back for the party at seven . moose you get it ! moose start squeezing himself back into the tiny car . Chris head towards the school with Tyler and Doug . CHRIS to moose ) and do not invite any dick . doug yeah . no dick . CHRIS shut up , Doug . Doug smolder . int . mt. vernon high school - hallway - day Chris , flanke by Doug and Tyler , walk with great purpose . everybody acknowledge he . he own this place . they pass : a handsome loner , always refer to by he last name - weber , put stuff in he locker . he hate school . hate most thing . val a unattractive bespectacle girl , stand beside he . val go to prom with I ? weber no. val why not ? weber no. 11 . val please ? weber no . the trio next cross path with Zach and sham . as they pass , Doug shoulder Zach as hard as he can , knock he into the locker with a painful bang . doug oops . sorry , faggot . Chris stop . look at Zach with dim recognition , then surprising sympathy . CHRIS ( to Doug ) dude . not cool . doug ( innocently ) what ? CHRIS ( to Tyler ) I will catch up with you guy later . Tyler and Doug reluctantly but obediently trudge up the hall . it 's just Chris , Zach , and sham . awkward , zach hey there , Chris . CHRIS Zach-ster . what up ? sham : ( over -eager , very uncool ) Chris - you know I be think , I sould totally hook you up with some killer gear for you next party - smoke machine , mirror balis — my cousin work at this theatrical lighting company ... CHRIS ( interrupt ) so Zach , you get a sec ? ( be : sham ) in private ? it 's tough to say '' no '' to the most popular guy in school . sham ( for once ) recognize when he 's not want . 12 . sham do not mind I . I x11 just go to the parking lot and suck exhaust from someone 's tailpipe . CHRIS absently ) sound great , you do that . Chris wrap a arm around Zach 's shoulder and lead he off . int . mt. vernon high - different hallway - moment later Chris and Zach head briskly down the hall . Chris manage to greet every ( worthy ) passerby without break atride . it 's second nature to he . CHRIS you know I have always like you Zach . I mean , we be practically best friend . zach that be like , in the second grade . we have barely speak since . CHRIS yeah , well ... you know how it be . but back then , you always stand up for I , and I swore I have never forget it . see that it 's almost the end of senior year and you be probably gonna disappear to some freaky private school ... zach I be accept to Princeton . CHRIS ( take aback ) Princeton ? no shit ? ( sigh it off ) cool , man . well , anyway I think it 's high time you attend one of my party . and my pre-prom blowout be go to be the best yet . you can not miss it . zach I do not know what to say . I be suppose to be honore , right ? cbris fuckin- a you be . and bring you date - she ’1ll think you be a fuck rock Star . ( more ) 13 . CHRIS ( cont would ) ( pause , concerned ) unless she 's a troll . who be she ? zach Chris , I appreciate the think -- CHRIS you do not have a date . no prob , there 'il be plenty of trim there . ( consider ) Zach , you ever see honest to God , real - life teenage breast ? ( off zach 's blank stare ) just answer the question . zach no . no I have not . happy now ? CHRIS not happy , but I better understand how you have find time to get into the ivy leagues . please accompany I on the next stop on my round . they continue through double door that wheeze close behind they . the door read : '' Girls locker room '' int . mt. vernon high - girl ‘s locker room - continuous lady be in various stage of undress ; they remove field hockey uniform and shower . a few , stand by locker spot the invade boy . a nervous girl , wendy , throw on a towel . wendy Chris ...! Zach nervously follow Chris into the room , look around . janine , a angry girl who be half dress , step forward . janine get out ! CHRIS do not worry , chubb . we be not look at ya . janine , now humiliate , turn away . Chris walk right into the shower room . Zach pause , shield he eye ( but peek through he finger . ) nake girl cover themselves , turn off the water and run , or grab towel . leslie , a female nerd , run away from Chris . leslie what the fuck , Chris ? 14 . CHRIS I have get big news to tell my girl . sasha , a gorgeous blonde , stand beside brooke , a cute brunette . they grab towel . Chris address sasha . CHRIS it 's happen , sash . Seven o'clock . okay ? sasha run up and hug Chris . they share a kiss . sasha turn to brooke . sasha brooke ! be you so excited ? brooke um ... sure . another party ? CHRIS Party of the century . literally . I may never even make it to prom . brooke exit the shower . sasha 's eye harden . sasha you be make it to prom . we be make it to prom ! I have be get ready for six month . CHRIS ( interrupt ) sure , baby . whatever you say . the girl in the locker room start take a interest . two bookworm girl , marie and gina , approach Chris . marie can I come ? gina who 's invite ? Chris look at all the girl . CHRIS . hmmm . let I see . you ... you ... and seseeeee you . meanwhile Zach can not take he eye off brooke . she 's start get dress and seem to have little interest in the antic around she . she 's very pretty in a tough , no nonsense sort of way . Zach like she a lot . Wendy , still wear just a towel , walk over nervously . 15 . wendy Chris ? can I come ? Chris look at she . there 's a long beat . slowly , she open she towel and show he she boobs . CHRIS --. sure . yeah . Wendy go bananas . she hug she friend like she 's win on '' the price be right . '' int . biology CLASS - afternoon Lab partner Zach and sham be huddle over a half - dissect frog , a open textbook beside they . sham Chris . that guy be so dick . zach he be what he be . ( offer the scalpel ) you want to try ? sham : Hell no . you be the brain of this outfit . zach what do that make you ? sham the non-virgin . zach you know , lie make Jesus cry . sham observe as Zach 's dextrous hand perform the dissection flawlessly . he 's no small talent . zach ( cont ’d ) ( stick in memory ) I still can not believe I be in the Girls locker room . sham I can not believe you see brooke naked and you head do not fuck explode . Zach remove one of the frog leg . sham that fucker be so glad he 's dead . 16 . zach actually , if do right the frog could survive a amputation like this quite easily , and with surprisingly little pain . sham good to know . so. what be it that Lord Chris want exactly ? Zach avert he friend eye ; hesitant , uncomfortable . int . '' hamburger hut '' - afternoon sham and Zach share a table with pal eric and scott , both uber-geek , each wear vintage '' atari '' t-shirt . sham what do you mean you be not go ? of course we be go ! zach he do not exactly invite '' we . '' scortt tonight 's we X - box tournament ! it 's totally set . I get the dsl line inataly and everything . zach I know . I be psyched . sham this be the chance of a lifetime . you could not possibly prefer to play fuck videogame ! eric maybe he would . sham as the only one of we with a female date this evening , let I just say ... shut the fuck up , Eric . scorr maybe the party would be cool ... sham ( smile patronizingly ) dude ? no way . look at yourselves , never gonna happen . Scott and Eric look at themselves as instruct . 17 . scort ( wounded ) whatever . brooke breeze in and take a seat alone by the window . she 's all in black , and look both moody and intimidating . eric dude. princess leia . 3 o’ clock . they head turn in unison ; Zach 's snap back , mortify . zach ( quietly ) hey . let 's not stare , okay ? eric just go talk to she . Zach do not budge . sham stand , theatrically thin on patience . sham this be fuck ridiculous . Zach - this be how it 's go down . I be walk over there . I be get you a fuck prom date . and in exchange , you be bring I , my date , and she - ( point at brooke ) ~ to Chris 's party . end of discussion . before anyone can get a word in edgewise , sham be move across the diner . jzach 's heart rocket into he throat . zach 's Pov : sham approach brooke . introduce himself . chat . he can ’t hear what they be say . sham take a seat . they keep talk . brooke start laughing . scotr Holy shit . I think it 's work ! suddenly brooke stand and approach the table . still smile , she look straight at Zach . brooke it 's Zach , right ? he nod , stupidly . brooke please do not ever sick you greasy , pea-brain minion on I again . next time , just grow a pair , okay ? with that , brooke head out the front door . 18 . eric scortr ooocoooco ! et ooooococe !!! Zach shoot shama a look ; '' what the hell ?! '' sham 's shrug back ; '' sorry dude . '' ext . '' hamburger hut '' - continuous Zach chase she out . he get a hand on she shoulder , turn she around . brooke what ? zach be utterly sincere , and visibly nervous . he breath deeply and speak rapidly , not miss a beat . zach look , I be sorry . fact be , my friend be not exactly operate at my request - but I be not entirely upset because I have be meaning to talk to you for a long time . now that I have you attention I have like to pay , I think you be very intrigue , not to mention quite beautiful . I have secure a invitation to Chris 's party , which at the very least promise to be very memorable . of course , tonight be also prom and due to the previously discuss '' lack of ball '' condition from which I suffer , I have no date . if you also be without a date , I have be sublimely excited and deeply honore to take you . she stare at he ~- then smile , flatter and charme . brooke okay . ext . forest - afternoon Winston stand with the two ranger , gaze down at the red pulp that use to be Paul , dissolve in the stream . male ranger that 's a guy right ? be a guy ? Winston stare , self - conscious and deeply rattle . after all , he know exactly how the body get here ... flashback - cabin FEVER 1 : 19 . int . police cruiser - night paul lie in the back seat as Winston drive , intermittently sip from a beer . paul ( voice croaking , die ) I need ... water ... winston I be not get no water man , all I get be a forty . but if you want some water I will find some for you , okay ? you just sit tight buddy , 1I x11 take care of you . CUT to : ext . forest ~ night Paul lie in the stream . end flashback . dissolve to : the male Ranger prod the body with a stick . it squirt liquid , miss he by inch . winston I would not do that . the Ranger back off , startle . male ranger you know what do this ? winston a disease , I think . eat you flesh right off . female ranger nasty ! the male Ranger look from the body to the blood carry off in the water . eye widen as he put two and two together ... male ranger oh God . where do you suppose the water go ? winston why ? 20 . male ranger what if it feed a well ? ora reservoir ? winston oh fuck ... male ranger exactly . ( be : the stream ) we need to see where this go . female ranger ( reassuringly , to Winston ) I 'il keep look for that deer . male ranger contact Fish and game for extraction . they can get tissue sample test . ( to Winston ) let 's get a move on . Winston hang he head . this be not good . int . foreman 's office , bottling plant - afternoon the disgruntled foreman face Winston and the two ranger . he dab he sweat brow with a dirty handkerchief . foreman just a little flu . be go around and kinda snuck up on I . I appreciate you concern , but everything be fine . male ranger do you do any regular test on the water itself ? foreman Water be pure . I drink it all the time ! everyone here do . Winston and the Ranger follow he gaze to the factory floor below . everything be not fine . worker be universally suffer from symptom ; cough , dizziness , fever . pan back just as the Foreman grab a bottle off he desk . foreman gotta stay hydrate . it 's the best thing . as the Foreman tilt back he head to drink , they spot a purplish sore on the underside of he chin . 21 . Winston take a slow step back from the man . winston ( to Foreman ) will you excuse we a moment ? int . hallway , bottling plant - continuous Winston and the Ranger talk urgently just outside the office . the Ranger be chomping at the bit to escalate thing . male ranger we gotta call the fed . the FBI -- winston hold on a sec . we close this place , we should have this more or less contain . quick flashback : they both recall the image of Winston wave the water delivery truck past the accident scene . winston ( cont ’d ) shit . male ranger ( enthuslastic ) I be make the call ! the Ranger rush off down the hall . winston ( to himself ) no one probably drank any ... ext . STREET - early evening Jack pull he camaro up to the curb . he lean to the backseat and grab he letterman 's jacket . we see the finished water bottle laying beside it . he walk to the back of the car and open the trunk . Inside we see flower , a envelope with natasha 's name on it , and a banner . the banner read : '' I love you natasha '' . Jack squeeze this item into he backpack . he 's pump . ext . natasha 's house - continuous a gorgeous two -story home . Jack sneak up to a window . Inside , natasha be try on a prom dress with she mother . they be chat and have a good time . Jack smile . jack she 's gonna love this . 22 . Jack walk around to the backyard , look up and find a bedroom window with pink curtain . he smile again . see from behind , reveal that the back of Jack 's neck be cover in a drip sore . he quickly inspect the ivy -cover trellis and begin to climb . he make quick progress , though the rough ivy keep get in the way . wooosh ! a couple of branch beneath he right foot SNAP , and he falle about a foot . crunch ! sharp piece of wood nick he palm . jack damn ! Jack keep move , wince as he hand make each grab . blood trickle down he finger . he take another grab , and he face scrunches in pain . the sore have spread to he wrist . jack what the ..? the finger on he leave hand slowly open revealing some puss . the hand lose it 's strength . riiiippp !!!:! he hand slide bown the ivy , twig tear he palm apart . he anchor he foot . tear fill he eye as he look down . it 's almost 20 foot to the ground . jack you can make it . he close he eye , and take a few more grab ... each time , lose more skin . the eave be just a couple of foot further . he stare at the bedroom . it 's not too far away . Jack reach the lip of the eave . he rest for a moment . squap ! a knuckle pop . blood spurt on he tux . he lock down again . the ground appear to be sway . his breath come in huge rasp . jack ( very faint ) help ...! help I ...! no one 's gonna hear . he 's on he own . 23 . in one motion , he swing himself up , landing on the roof ! he be on he stomach , spread - eagle on the black asphalt shingles . he lay he cheek on the stubbly surface . then ... he body begin to slide . jack no. no . he land on the sharp edge of the rain gutter . kink ! the edge cut he hand and forearm . blood float along the white rim . he look up at the bedroom . natasha be inside , change . despite the pain , Jack be momentarily distract . she 's a hottie . jack damn . the sound of bending metal . the gutter give . Jack fall . SNAP ! his body fold as he crunch off the patio table and roll into a deep thatch of bush . his face hit the firm tundra . his backpack bounce onto the lawn . Jack lay in the bush , try to speak . he only gurgle up a mouthful of blood before pass out . int . sham house - evening sham be in a suit , rather than a tux . it look good , though do not fit quite right . sham 's house in general be cut from a lesser cloth . sham turn to split , and run smack into he father , sargeant frank [ 5as , mean . ] sargeant frank I be not bail you loser ass out of jail . whatever this night have in store , just bear that in mind . sham okay . right back at you . ext . zach 's house - evening Zach run up the step of he house . a tuxedo bag be drape over he shoulder . he have a spring in he step . he fly through the front door . 24 . int . zach 's house - continuous Zach bound into the hall , and then up the stair - take they 3 at a time . Zach enter he bedroom , put the tux on he bed , and turn on the stereo . Zach go to the closet and pull out everything he need . montage begins . upbeat music over : int . brooke 's house - evening brooke sit at the dinner table with she parent and little sister . she have she hair set with curler and pin . she clearly be not the type for make - up and fancy dress , and manage to look both excited and miserable at the same time . brooke 's sister I think you say - boy , dance , all that - be bull ... brooke 's mom Language ! brooke do not you have doll to play with ? brookex sister who have have think . my sister in pink . the two share a laugh . CUT to : ext . mi. vernon high school , gymnasium - evening Delivery truck roll in to the banquet Hall parking lot . a sign outside read : welcome CLASS of 2006 . int . mt. vernon high school , gymnasium - evening Big pile of chair and large table be be move into a large ballroom by professional . Student Band member set up they instrument . cur to : 25 . int . katie 's house - evening Katie be on the phone in she bedroom . she stand in front of a full length mirror wear she prom dress . katie ( on the phone ) I know that I should be there , but it 's Chris 's party - and this might be my last chance . ( for emphasis ) Chris 's party . Katie see a six inch sore on she leave shoulder . she check up close . it 's blister , black and green . katie oh my God ! ( back to the call ) not the balloon be in cluster of five , the streamer get braid . we talk about this ! she go to she closet and pull out a bunch of dress . she drape they across herself while look in the mirror . one have a high back that will cover the sore . katie because sham invite I . sham . my date. ( impatiently ) the guy in geometry that never shut up . int . dentist office - evening Doug and Tyler , both in tux , struggle with a enormous steel tank ; roll it on edge towards the door . doug move it , fuck - nut . Jesus - you be such a little bitch ... voice [ off ] dougie ? Doug and Tyler instinctively drop the heavy cylinder with a resounding clang . it 's dr . viola , kind - face and a even kinder heart , but definitely soft in the head ... doug dad ? 26 . dr . viola do not you boy look handsome . be that little Tyler ? onotice the tank ) what be you do with my nitrous ? doug nitrous ? serious ? ohmygod , I think it be helium . int . banquet hall ballroom - evening close on : helium balloon be inflate . kid be raise a large sign across the wall . it read : time of our live . Mr. sheppard and the lunch - lady be on the dance floor . they share a modest tango while people work around they . int . scott 's basement - evening Scott usher Eric into the techno-geek paradise that be he father 's basement . 42 inch plasma widescreen . Tower speaker . massive amplifier . and rest on it 's own glorious pedestal ... the X - box . Scott press the power button ominously . scorr May the mayhem begin . the boy 's face be bath in light as the '' halo 2 '' open graphic fill the screen , and bass rattles the earth . eric ( deeply humble ) awesome . cur to : int . roadside diner - evening the truck driver sit at the counter of a small greasy spoon diner . he have a bottle of water in he right hand . he finish chew he dinner . he look sick . he cough out he mouthful of food . blood spray all over the counter . he cough again . another . another . a bigger one . another . a waitress duck out of the way . customer scramble to avoid the fly blood . 27 . diner customer 1 call a ambulance ! diner customer 2 what be he eat ? cuUT tos int . zach 's house - evening Zach run down he hallway stair . he be dress in he tuxedo . he carry the corsage . his parent stand by the open door . they , like Zach , be small and full of warmth . zach 's dad I be so proud of you . zach 's mom look at my little man . zach 's dad if you need anything , do not hesitate to call , okay ? zach it 's prom . I think I 'il be okay . zach 's mom do you remember you inhaler ? Zach love they , but enough with the neurotic baby already . he kiss they and walk out . curt to : ext . brooke 's house - evening zach escort brooke towards the limo , while she mom and dad snap photo like rabid paparazzi . she look gorgeous . Zach open the limo door for she . he 's about to ... but chicken out of a kiss . int . limo - evening Zach and brooke ride in the limo , drink champagne , and share awkward glance . reveal sham and Katie be also along . he 's aggressively try to get he lip on she . she 's have none of it . sham put he head out through the roof window . he pump both arm in the air . 28 . sham this be freakin ! awesome ! the limo stop at a red light as he 's yell . a asian guy , wait at the light in a convertible , look back . asian driver take it easy , kid . it 's just prom . ext . CHRIS 's huge party house the limo pull up to the house . there be several other limo , and a number of car . the house be huge . it sivt atop a hill on a large piece of land , by itself . the entire backside be surrounded by tree . Zach , brooke , sham , and Katie finish they champagne as they ease up the driveway . music fade . end of montage . ext . CHRIS 's huge party house - evening there 's a swim pool , hot tub , wooden cabana and table with food . streamer , torch and multi-color Patio light create the mood . Chris be mixing drink . Music blare from backyard speaker . the party be awing . sasha walk past with a tray of jello shot in she hand . a joint be be pass around . it arrive at Bob . bob yeah , I and Jack - we be take a year off for some serious training . then it 's off to the nfl. {off the blank stare ) pro-wrestling be the back - up plan . he pass to moose . moose sometimes I think about the future . you know , college . and ... wait . I forget what I be gonna say . moose take a second , bigger hit , and pass it to weber . weber College be a scam to maintain the middle - class . and the future be fuck man , totally fuck , 29 . weber take a hit . he offer the joint to Val . she do a weak inhale and pantomime a exhale . val yeah . look at the color . I be so waste . weber roll he eye . he walk off , and pass the joint to ashley [ token slut . ] she take a huge hit , and hand it to jimmy , a true pothead . Ashley join sasha . ashley ( to weber , be : Val ) ) who the hell do you come with ? weber not with she . ( on second think ) what do you care , skank ? she flip he off and they part way . back to Jimmy . he inhale , savor thoughtfully , and exhales . jimmy man , who roll this joint ? it 's amateur hour . he lubricate it with he mouth then take another deep hit . he walk to a group stand a few foot away , tapas a guy on the shoulder . he turn around . it 's .. '' zach , with sham , Katie , and brooke . zach ' urammim . 's + he look to brooke for confirmation . Zach be out of he element , he have be game but ... she shake she head . zach ( cont ’d ) no thanks . maybe later . katie none for I . the prom committee would kill I , can you imagine ? ( eager ) have you see Chris ? jimmy no. wait , actually yes . ( think , very high ) who 's '' Chris ? '' sham I ’l1l take that , thanks . shame take a puff , smile , and then look to the crowd . 30 , sham do anybody want a hit ? head turn . lot of hand go up . a small group begin to form around the joint , include : sasha where the hell be natasha ? bob ( anxiously ) and where the hell be Jack ? ext . natasha 's house - evening natasha pout in a bench on she front porch , miserable . her dress be rumple . her father sit quietly beside she . natasha I can not believe that football obsessed retard stand I up . natasha 's dad I be so sorry , sweetie . natasha thanks , pop . it 's just ... it 's prom , you know ? prom . she start to cry , wipe a finger beneath she nose . natashan dad I never like he . the dad hold she tight . suddenly a scream . alarm , they rush towards the source - into the backyard . natasha 's mom be freeze in SHOCK , stare into the bush . the family terrier be lick blood from jack upturned palm ! Jack 's body be horrifically contort . natasha 's dad no , baxter ! the dog yelp . natasha shield she face and turn away . Jack move . they all jump . he weakly mouth '' help . '' natasha 's dad Dee , get a ambulance ! natasha 's mom run inside . natasha 's dad notice the tux , see the fall backpack and gift . he smile badly . 31 . natasha 's dad help 's on the way . int / ext . bottling plant - dusk the building have be swarm by fed . a dozen Black suv and white van be park outside . Inside , infected worker have be herde into the breakroom . they pound against the lock door . intermittent scream and moan pierce the wall . it 's haunt . officer part to make way for agent ridge [ tall , intimidating , a man of very , very few word . ] he approach the male ranger . male ranger ( towards the breakroom ) they be all gonna die ? agent ridge cdc be en route . male ranger the cdc -- it will not be ... like that guy in the stream ? agent Ridge ignore he , turn he attention to Winston , whom he size up with a single up - down glance . he do not like what he see . winston deputy Winston , bunyon County . sidelong glance and whisper ripple through the room . agent ridge bunyon County ? ( intrigue ) a infect patient disappear from you hospital ? in the wood , folk burn in a open bonfire ? we nve just start look into it , but what a shitstorm . Winston can only stare back at he . his mouth open to protest , then close , a junior agent rush in : junior agent 1 Ridge ! we pick up a report from mt. Vernon , 30 mile East . the water truck be locate at a diner . the driver be doa . junior agent 2 and a ambulance just pick up a kid , same town , different area . ( more ) 32 . junior agent 2 ( cont would ) they be report infection - '' unknown pathogen . '' agent ridge ( to junior Agents ) you know what to do . ( to Winston ) let 's roll , '' deputy . '' int . CHRIS ' huge party house - evening Chris carry bottle of wine across he elegant live room . Bob , with a beer cup in he hand and he tuxedo shirt totally unbuttone , be look at a fine African statue . he touch it , fondle the wood . CHRIS you break it , you buy it . bob ( defensive ) I be not do anything . ( as if this explain ) Ashley be totally tick at I . T think it 's gonna be World War III . CHRIS prom would not be prom without at least one . Bob shrug . who care . Chris set the wine at the bar and survey the dig . joint be go around . everybody have a cup . the music be up . the party be a tremendous success . Zach and brooke be share a deck chair , Zach be slowly come out of he shell . a tray of jello shot pass and they each snag one . zach you just eat it ? brooke ( mouth full of jello ) yeah ! Zach do the same . beat . the moment be pregnant with a potential kiss . brooke , shyly lean a bit closer ... just as : moose and cindy , he ( enormous ) date , jump into the pool , ruin the moment . moose fuck all ya 'all !! ccannonballtt !! the result tidal wave drench the patio . reveler groan . 33 . one splash fall on some shoe , we rise up to see Katie 's back . her sore be now visible around the base of she neck . nobody hae notice , include sham , talk to ( at ) she . sham so , long story long , I be accept to all three school , but Columbia have the best program . after live in this shitpit so long , I really think I be more of a city guy ... ( see she 's not listen ) hello ? katie I feel weird . I think I be ... ( with realization ) drunk ? sham ( un-smooth ) oh - you want to ... maybe we can find a empty room inside ? disgust , Katie grab another glass of champagne and stand abruptly . she cover she mouth to stifle a rasp cough . katie I will be right back . poor sham be abandon . Katie smile as she pass people , mingling in she stupor . katie hi guy . anybody see Chris ? she keep walk . we check out the whole party from she wobbly point of view . she look over at weber . katie sugarpant ! wait , you be not Chris . we begin to see conversation as Katie do , in a audibly blurred slow motion . ashley in slow -mo if you see Bob , hide I -- Katie teeter , the people around she lose focus . her foot give way . she grab Bob on she way down and hang on . bob whoa ! careful there . katie I fall . Bob help she get she foot . he see the sore on she neck . 34 . bob Katie , what 's that ? katie what 's what ? Bob point . she try to glance over she own shoulder to see she neck - which of course be impossible . katie it sort of hurt . ( touch it ) ouch . what be it ? she 's attract attention . then ... crunch ! Katie lose she balance . the stiletto heel on she right foot snap in half . her ankle twist and she fall . her elbow hit the ground first . it crush into the cement . craaackkkkkk !!! it open on impact and the bone snap like celery , blood fly in the air . foot jump to avoid it . bob Holy crap ! sasha ( incredibly repulse ) what the hell , Katie ! Katie try to get up . she desperately scan for help , and finally spot CHRIS . her dress have rip . the sore on she back be exposed . everybody back away . katie Chris ! please , help I . CHRIS Katie . do not move . katie come here . Katie keep move , looking for someone to grab hold of . as Katie get up , she hear clicking from she leg . cough ! blood fly - it cannon towards Bob . he 's able to dodge out of the way . bob Jesus ! CHRIS take it easy ! stop move ! Zach and Brook arrive . as do sham . Katie 's staggering around like a zombie and get uncomfortably close . there be bedlam as people scurry away from she . 35 . katie it hurt ... help . val I will call 911 ! Val back into a corner and start talk into she phone . Chris retreat into the house . he 's follow by other . katie Chris ! where be you go ? Katie move towards Jimmy . he too scurries inside . Zach and brooke hold on to each other . brooke what 's wrong with she ? moose and Cindy race to the house . then sham and Ashley . Bob ... weber ... they be all abandon she . katie wait ! she 's still cough ... just miss they back . Jimmy begin to shut the sliding door . Zach and brooke race through . Katie be almost to the door ... katie don ’t leave I --- Jimmy slam it shut , right in she face . Katie bang on the glass . people inside cannot believe what they be seeing . Katie 's arm be hang off the bone . blood be all over she . she look pleadingly at Chris . he 's scared . cbris back away , Katie ! you be get shit everywhere ! katie do not look at I like that Chris ! Katie scan the patio . some kid be on the far side of the pool , freeze . the rest be inside . she 's all alone . val {to Katie ) a ambulance be come , Katie ! sham you hear that ? help be on the way -- Katie erupt into a tantrum . 36 . katie ( cont ’d ) help I ! help mbe ! zach ( torment , quietly ) this be not right . Katie stamp she foot as she plead , hard . stamp . stamp. on the next one , kaboom ! her knee explode , spraying bit of blood and pulp all over the glass door . Katie scream , hopping on she remain leg . brooke hold she hand over she mouth , choke back vomit . some girl cry . katie I need a towel ! Katie topple and she body start to roll . she moan as she head towards the pool . splash ! Katie hit the water . everyone stare , freeze , as she sink to the bottom . zach somebody help she ! no one move . Zach slide back the door and step outside . brooke be careful . Zach grab the pool strainer from its hook . curious , Chris silently emerge . in cluster , everyone trail behind — the herd follow its leader . Zach dip the pole into the water , angle it towards Katie . sasha do not you touch she , Chris . CHRIS not a fuck chance . sham she 's still alive ... zach grab it if you can , Katie ! I / 11 pull you out ...! the spectator jostle closer for a better view . Katie wiggle , look up at Zach , then her eye close . there be silence . Katie 's blood fill the once blue water , cindy ( defensive , panicked ) we could not do anything . we do not know what to do . 37 . CHRIS we be all witness . a chime . Wendy , the girl from the locker room , have finally arrive with four friend , each hold bottle of liquor . wendy hey y'all : Party , Party ! ( beat ) what 's everybody stare at ! Wendy 's friend stop , shocked by the gruesome scene : blood on the house , blood on the cement , Dead girl in the pool . Wendy march on , oblivious ... then slip in a puddle of Katie goo . her arm cartwheel for balance . sploosh . she land in the pool and surface immediately with one of katie 's arm — splash frantically . she 's hysterical . wendy what the fuck ! what the fuck ! without a word , she four friend spin on they heel and leave . chime on the gate tinkle behind they . int / exi . suv , convoy - night the convoy of Federal suv speed through the night . Winston ride with Ridge , and be sandwich between two agent build like linebacker . he look like a child . winston you know , you can let I off anywhere . agent Ridge grin silently . winston ( cont ’d ) near a Burger King would be good , but I be open . ( off continue silence ) what do you want from I ? agent ridge you be a link to the source of the epidemic . I may have ... question . winston question ? you never even talk . and I be not a link to anything . I get no idea what you be -- agent Ridge reach into he jacket and retrieve two earbud headphone . he place they , drown out Winston 's voice to the very faint music of Grand funk railroad . 38 . winston ( cont 'd ) dude , not only be that rude , but you get shitty taste in tune . int . scott 's basement - night Scott and Eric pause the game to refresh themselves with gatorade and beef jerky . they be laugh , have a ball . they remove they headsets and wipe they sweaty palm . scott you totally wail on that last tactical assault . eric yeah ... ( beat ) dude , be we loser ? scott ( shocked , the craziest thing he 's ever hear ) what ? eric it 's prom night and we be play xx box online with 12 year old . scott ( think ) I be sure the party be hella lame . bric yeah . just a bunch of drunk asshole stare at one another . int . CHRIS 's huge party house - live room - night the kid be in the live room - indeed , a bunch of drunk asshole stare at one another . some be slump on couch . the girl have they purse , itching to leave ... but wait to see how thing play out . Wendy be in the kitchen , naked beneath several towel , mumbling to herself . no one be go anywhere near she . Chris be frantically hide all evidence of underage drink and drug use . sasha talk on she cell . CHRIS ( to everyone and no one ) feel free to help out you shit . '' do not mind I and the five hundred bottle of hootch , Officer . '' 39 . sasha ( into phone ) no , I be not dis-invite you ... yes you be cool enough for I . the party be really cancel . she flip she phone close . brooke stand to the side . she dial she own cell , listen . brookex dad [ voice ] hi , you have reach the brannigan . please leave we a message . thanks . brooke do not know what to say , and hang up the phone . Zach soothingly rub she back . a group approach the front door . Chris intercept , lock it . CHRIS where the hell be you guy go ? girl um ... be there a reason to stay ? CHRIS yes ! I . this be not my problem . this be our problem . ( notice with SHOCK that sasha be among they ) sash ? what the fuck ? sasha c’mon , Chris . if I miss prom I be gonna kill myself . I can meet you there -- zach ( 0.s. ) no . we all stick around . it 's the right thing to do . Zach be flanke supportively by sham and brooke . all around , people nod grimly - reluctantly agree with the sentiment . nearby , ashley confer with Jimmy and moose . ashley who 's gonna tell Katie 's parent ? jimmy the cop take care of that . they 's 11 take care of everything . moose I think you hate cop . jimmy yeah , well ... 40 . over to Chris and weber , still stand near the front door . they look out at the swim pool . CHRIS my dad 's gonna freak . weber feel the door rattle against he back . doug [ off ] it 's doug. open up ! weber dude , you do not want any part of bese doug [ off ] let I in , or I will break you toe . weber shrug and unhook the deadbolt . Doug and Tyler cruise in . despite they tux , they still look like gorilla . Tyler , as usual , do not say a word . doug ( see Chris ) bad news , Captain . no nitrous ... ( be : the melancholy ) damn . who fuck die ? he burst out laugh . he 's the only one . val ( 0.s. } they be here ! two police cruiser quietly roll in . the kid all get up . some fix they clothes , still plotting they escape . the cop exit they car . one be officer paul [ in charge , earnest . ] Val lean out the front door and call to they . val she 's around back ! Officer Paul and another officer move around to the back . the other two stay in front . officer paul please stay inside . Val move inside and close the door , all the kid move to the patio door - still cover in blood . Doug punch weber , distraught . weber what the hell ? 41 . doug that 's for let I in ! they watch the cop cross the patio . Bob slide open the door and walk out . Zach , brooke and Ashley follow he . bob she fall in the pool . brooke it be not we fault . officer 2 just step back and close the door . Officer Paul insert he radio earpiece as he look at the bloody pavement and the body in the pool . officer paul ( into he walkie ) look like -- what happen to the other kid . yes , we 's do that . officer 1 get back . sasha we do not do anything ! officer paul do anybody leave the premise ? 2 ach please tell we what 's go on . CHRIS yeah ! it 's my house ! officer paul Son , stay back . I need to know -- doug ( cause he 's a macho dick ) this be bullshit . I be take off . officer Paul draw he gun . the other officer follow suit . startled the kid back up . officer paul did anybody leave ? CHRIS ( tremble ) no . no one 's leave . officer paul good . get in the house now . 42 . jimmy I know I hate cop , man . the kid look at the gun , freak . they shut themselves in . the front be be watch by the two other officer . the sound of multiple engine . a white van pull up , follow by several black suv . the calvary have arrive ! int . CHRIS 's huge party house - continuous panic be rampant . murmur percolate - the kid collectively kick themselves for not bail when they have a chance . CHRIS ( lose he cool ) what the hell 's go on , man ? they can not fuck do this ! val ( to weber ) I be scared , will you hold I ? jimmy I be so high right now . be this serious , or be I just freaking out ? brooke look to Zach . he put he arm around she . sasha God I wish I be at prom . ext . CHRIS 's huge party house - moment later agent Ridge exit he suv , Winston be about to follow . Ridge point as one might to a pet : '' stay . '' winston no way ! I be not no dog ! Ridge shrug , then slam the door on Winston and turn to address he men . winston ( 0.s. ) ( muffle ) Dick ! ( try the door ) let I out ! agent ridge ( cont ’d ) full perimeter . phone and cellular service jamme . now. 43. his man scurry . in the bg , other be barricade the driveway , search the yard , and erecting light tower around the property . Officer Paul approach , and extend hia hand . Ridge shake it ... after a moment hesitation . officer paul they be inside . I get man , front and back . Real mess by the pool , ( look , confuse ) be not there a Medical team ? agent ridge the emt that treat the kid across town be already show symptom . officer paul Jesus . agent ridge we wait for the cdc to arrive . officer paul I gotta tell you , it be hard pull my weapon . this kid ; it 's still a small town -- Officer Paul ' 's eye shift as several agent carry high - power rifle walk past . agent ridge perhaps its best if you leave . officer Paul smirk . this man be not likely to get along . int . CHRIS 's huge party house , bathroom - night Zach be on he cellphone , talk with he parent . zach hey Mom ... actually thing be not go great ... I know you be surprised to hear from I ... Zach pause . he really can not think of anything to be gain by get he poor parent all work up just yet . zach ( cont ’d ) you know what , everything be fine . my nerve just get the better of I . you know how shy I be . a series of loud knock on the bathroom door . a 4 . ashley ( off ) I need in ! seriously ! zach ( into phone ) I will , I promise ... ( attempt cheer ) do not wait up . hello ? hello ? the cell have no service . Zach look at himself in the mirror , start to cry . ashley ( off ) ( pound ) I will pee in the hall , swear to God ! zach ( weakly ) we 'il get through this . ( beat , more confident ) we 'il get through this . he choke back the tear , wipe all expression from he face . int . CHRIS 's huge party house , hallway - continuous Zach emerge from the bathroom , look surprisingly collect . at the end of the hall , Doug have cornere brooke and be practically salivate over she . doug how come we do not know each other ? brooke different schedule , different friend ... ( beat ) different species . doug that 's not very nice . Zach approach , steel in he eye . zach ( to brooke ) cc’mon . doug ( to brooke , push Zach ) you take order from this midget ? brooke sure , this fan Doug 's flame . he push Zach again , harder . Zach simmer with rage . 45 . zach this be not the lunchroom , Doug . do not waste precious time -- doug what be you gonna do ...? pop ! Zach 's fist collide with Doug 's skull with surprising ferocity . Doug 's head whip around , and he slam into the wall . he stare at Zach ; stunne , immobile . val ( off ) everybody ! come quick ! zach and brooke link arm and head towards Val 's voice . zach I think they cut we phone service . brooke yeah . ( whisper , be : Doug ) what 's he problem ? zach he 's pathologically averse to smart people . he 's hate I since kindergarten . brooke I see , ( beat ) I be sure hit he help . zach I know . but it feel great . int . CHRIS 's huge party house , live room - night everyone be gather around the television , stare wide - eye at a special report . val it 's on tv ! quiet everybody ! more kid ease in , take seat or lean against the wall . Wendy , lose in dementia , be on the far side of the room . newscaster ( tv ) we interrupt previously schedule programming with this bulletin ... wendy ( 0.8 . ) I do not want to watch this ! head turn to ssssshhhh she . 46 . newscaster ( tv ) News of a potential biological outbreak begin here , at last stop diner , after a delivery driver die from report massive blood hemorrhage . on television : shot of the diner . police car with flashing light surround it . cop exit they car with gun draw . diner cop ( tv ) everybody in ! everybody ! patron and employee be bully into the diner . Police keep they distance ... just point they gun . diner cop 2 ( tv ) ( to camera ) turn the camera off ! now ! zach my God . newscaster ( tv ) though they confirm the quarantine of the diner , authority have still decline official statement . the face of the kid watch be dark , twitchy . newscaster ( tv ) we have also receive word of a separate incident . as of yet , it 's relationship be unconfirm . however , exclusive testimony indicate that this victim have also be quarantine . on television : shot of natasha 's house . natasha 's dad ( tv ) Jack - I mean , he be a strong kid . I have never see anything like it . ( choke up ) the fact that my daughter have to see it -- jesus. ( listen to reporter ) I just drop she at the school dance . she could not be dissuade . ( break down ) she 's such a trooper ... ashley ohmygod . bob ( overcome ) Jack ? Jack ! no , no , no ...! 47 . sasha that bitch go to prom !? on television : baxter the hyper-aggressive terrier attack the cameraman . as the camera tilt down we sef that the mongrel have obvious sign of infection . natasha 's dad ( tv ) no , baxter ! bad dog ! newscaster ( tv ) resident be advise to stay in they home -- wendy ( scream ) I don ’t want to watch this !!! from seemingly nowhere , a vase fly into the television screen . the screen shatter in a explosion of SPARKS . everyone stare at the gape whole in the tv . Wendy just stand there , chillingly serene . wendy please change the channel ? CHRIS you crazy bitch ! Chris drop to the floor . he start sweeping up the debris , lose in ocd . tension in the room be electric . jimmy ( stand ) that 's it . I be outta here . val you hear the cop - you see the tv - we be suppose to stay put ! jimmy until what ?! when ?! we all come down with this thing ? no fuck thanks . I be take my chance . he approach the slide glass door , hesitates , then open they and step outside . ext . CHRIS 's huge party house , patio - continuous Jimmy walk several foot . nothing . no cop . no problem . he pick up the pace ... the crackle of a surge of electricity . the entire house be suddenly bath in bright white light . 48 . Jimmy shield he eye , but sees that enormous industrial work - lamp completely encircle the property . he freeze . agent 1 ( 0.s. ) ( through megaphone ) return to the house . the cdc should be here within hour . until then , you all need to stay inside . Jimmy eye the tree line on the far side of the pool . it 's only ten yard away ... ext . CHRIS 's huge party house , hillside - continuous Ridge stand beside Officer Paul . from they vantage point , they can see the entire property , light like a baseball diamond . no one could come or go without they knowledge . agent 2 voice ( walkie ) I have he sir . officer paul Ridge , he 's likely perfectly healthy ...! agent Ridge shrug , unaffected . officer paul ( to himself ) go back inside , kid . ext . CHRIS 's huge party house , patio - continuous Jimmy look around . everyone have gather at the slide glass door to stare . he take another few step . agent 1 ( 0,8 . ) ( through megaphone ) return to the house . you will be gate there . everything will be ine . Jimmy pause . he drop he head and turn towards the house ; humiliate , defeat . then , he unexpectedly turn back , sprint like the wind towards the tree line ... crack ! a rifle shot slice through the air . jimmy 's head snap backward . he twist and fall into the hot tub , float face down . the group gather at the slide door scream en masse . 49 . int . suv - night Winston have remove part of the interior door panel in a ongoing attempt to escape . ( the suv , like most police vehicle , unlock only from the outside . ) we see he 's also remove the upholstery surround the sunroof . frustrate , Winston grab he radio and scan the frequency until he hear : voice 1 ( radio ) the kid at the hospital just die . voice 2 ( radio ) have the toxicology report bring here , and another send to the cdc . winston ( into Radio ) and bring back a pizza . and some beer . int . CHRIS 's huge party house , library - night a quick series of shot : light illuminate a impressive home library . Zach 's finger scroll the binding of a encyclopedia set . Medical book be pull from shelf . int . CHRIS 's huge party house , dine room - later this be the '' War room , '' somber face all around . Chris be utterly lose he cool ; become less and less coherent . zach have take charge , the '' research '' spread out before he . 2 ach we be in a stalemate until the cpc arrive . CHRIS ( babbling ) e..a total mess . Zoyla will never be able to clean this on she own ... weber we be rely on info from the folk that just blow Jimmy 's head off ? 50 . 2 ach no , on common sense . it 's all over the news . they have to do something . doug ( be : Zach ) I be not listen to a single thing that shit - fuck say . brooke ( to Zach ) could anybody have it ? zach potentially . val what it be ? zach not sure , but there 's disease call necrotize fascitis . it 's a infection of muscle tissue and the skin . I think it 's something like that . only worse . brooke lean close to Zach . he put he arm around she . Doug roll he eye . zach ( cont 'd ) it 's a bacteria . the progression can happen in just hour . you get it like a cold , like mono . bob fuck ! moose this blow . sham grab one of the book . scan the page . sham the latest strain kill seven out of ten . the people who do live be leave with huge scar - lose limb ... sham pass one of the book around . sham ( cont ’d ) there be some picture . the kid pass around and react to the horrible image of mutilate body both pre and post - op . lot of amputees . val Gross . sl. ashley if I have that huge scar and stuff , I do not know if I have want to live . be that shallow ? bob yes . yes it be . ashley shut up . God , I hate you . zach the first sign be skin discoloration . as it spread , it start to blister . I guess we kind of know what can happen from there . morose silence . doug we need to figure out if anybody else have get it . zach what we need to do be be extremely careful -- CHRIS ( ignore Zach ) yeah ! I do not want sick people hang out in here ! doug ( take charge ) everybody , take off you clothes ! we will do a ... nude test . ( to brooke , grab he crotch ) wanna peek ? weber Zach ? Doug 's 's gaze bore a hole into Zach . a competition for '' leadership '' have arisen ... zach ( sighing ) I guess it 's a okay idea . moose I '' not take my clothes off . CHRIS ( to no one in particular ) just so you know , I be not bald down there . I shave . 52 . sasha look at she '' boyfriend , '' completely repulse . sham nod he own , private approval . Cindy touch moose 's arm . zach let 's just get this over with . cindy why not ? for safety . moose no fuckin’ way . doug ( menacingly ) do it . we all agree ? everyone nod . doug ( cont 'd ) moose , let 's see some fatboy titty . moose start to take off he clothes : jacket , shirt , sock , shoe , everything . Cindy pick up a long silver ladle and use it to check under he arm and between he leg . nearby , Bob be start to sweat . cindy he look good . zach okay . weber , you be next . Cindy check everybody around the table . while we dissolve through Cindy check weber , kirstin , Doug ... sham read : sham the pain be so unbearable that the body create it 's own anaesthesia . it destroy it 's own nerve cell . sasha God ! please stop read that shit , freakt doug ( to Cindy ) be thorough . we do not want any fuck mistake . we continue to watch Cindy check the kid . now Zach , brooke and Tyler be look at . time be compress with dissolves . cindy oh shit . brooke what ?! 53 . cindy a sore . people leap out of nearby chair ... they back away from bob . Cindy move back as well , bob what ? what ? brooke a black splotch . on he leg . bob ( jittery ) maybe it 's a zit ! cindy no . zach ( calmly ) Bob , just turn around and show we you leg . Bob show the group the back of he thigh . there be a very strange black splotch . Ashley gag . ashley oh my God ...! bob hey everybody ! calm down ! doug stay right there , bob ! sham look around . everybody else have be check . sham I think that 's everyone . ( to offscreen ) sorry guy ... reveal that Bob be not alone . he 's join the rank of other random '' infect '' : kirsten , larry , and steve . Bob be scared , and a bit cold . doug ( point ) what about her ? they follow he finger to ... wendy , still silently wrap in a towel , listless and forget . she suddenly realize that all eye be upon she . wendy what ? what 's go on ? 54 . int . CHRIS 's huge party house , kitchen - night the house be quiet . kid slip shame - face back into they clothes . sham and Zach confer privately in hushed tone . sham how be thing go with brooke ? zach best first date ever . sham this be pretty fuck up . we be banish people . zach we be isolate they to protect the healthy . ( beat ) I guess . sham , I need to ask you a question . sham shoot . zach have you do anything to place yourself at risk ? share a glass , a joint , anything - with someone we know be infect ? sham ( concentrate ) no . no , I really do not think so . zach ( slowly ) do you kiss Katie ? sham blanch . he have not even think of that . he keep he cool ... barely . sham no . no way , man ! lucky break too , cause man , you see I try ... Zach size he up , concerned and unconvince . int . CHRIS 's huge party house , basement stairway - night Bob walk down a flight of stair carry he clothes ina pile . he look over he shoulder . Wendy and the other be right behind . 55 . Doug and Chris be they escort . both be wear elbow - length yellow clean glove and have white kitchen trash - bag pull over they torso . doug do not come so close to I , okay ? Wendy just glare at he . doug ( cont 'd ) keep go ! bob you guy can not do this . wendy I do not have any sore ! I be okay ! I be clean ! doug sorry sweetheart , but you fall in the soup , 80 ... you be fuck . ( grin cruelly ) we all vote . CHRIS ( meekly ) it 's at the very end . bob please , please do not . I be claustrophobic . I be -- doug keep move . Bob turn and try to force he way back up the stair , panic . Doug shove he . Bob wobble precariously . bob dude , we be friend ! doug not really . Bob take a defiant step up . the tension between he and Doug crackle . bob I be go up . I will not touch anybody . I be not stay down there -- again he try to pass , and again Doug shove he , but this time - Bob lose he balance , toppling down the staircase and landing on the basement floor with a sicken crunch . 56 . int . CHRIS 's huge party house , basement - moment later Chris and Doug drag Bob 's heavy , unconscious body to the end of the basement and towards a wine cellar . his leg be twisted at a right angle . there be a big stone door , with a SMALL window in it . Chris open it to reveal a decent size room , with row of neatly rack bottle . the entire cellar be stone . wendy you will come and get we , right ? kirstin ( be : Bob ) be he ... dead ? Doug slam the door . wendy ( 0.s. ) ( through the door ) what be we suppose to do ? doug drink ! int . suv - night Winston have dismantle the screen mesh that separate the back and front seat . he be squeeze behind the driver 's seat , he leg buttress against the front windshield . he push with all he might . nothing . he take a quick sip from a hip flask he keep tuck within he jacket , and try again . the seal around the window flext slightly . ext . CHRIS 's huge party house - night officer Paul stand beside agent Ridge , still surveying the scene from they elevate vantage point . below : two officer in bichazard suit be retrieve Jimmy 's body from the jacuzzi , and carefully sealing he in plastic sheet . on the STREET beyond : several car -- a stationwagon , a News Van , and several sedan -- pull up to the barricade . officer paul you have get company . ( Ridge follow he gaze ) ( more ) 57 . officer paul ( cont would ) Parents and local media . this should be interesting . Ridge frown . Officer Paul notice something else . officer paul who 's that ? below : winston have shatter the windshield of the suv in which he be imprison , and be crawl out acrosa the hood ! several parent and a news team rush towards he ! agent ridge ( cont ’d ) fuck . ext . CHRIS 's huge party house , STREET — night Winston be address a small gather : sargeant Frank ( sham 's hothead dad ) , Dr. Viola , ( Doug 's dad ) , Zach 's Mom and dad and several other parent . the news crew be rolling camera . Winston ig wildly disorient , but can not help milk be the unexpected center of attention . zach 's dad do you think the kid be safe ? winston um - look like a killer house . parent I speak to my daughter . she say that kid be lock in the basement . sick kid --! iach mom we baby Zachary , he 's very frail -- zach 's dad on the phone , he would not tell we what be go ont dr . viola I be sure my son Douglas be help take care of everyone . winston I have just arrive , but assure you — we be do everything we can . agent Ridge approach , flanke by Officer Paul . 58 . reporter do you know when cdc be expect ? can you outline the plane for treatment ? winston ( notice Ridge sadly , the safety of you kid be not we only concern right now . the man you all want to speak to be right over there -- ( point ) he 's the one call the shot , and I be sure would love to further explain the situation . led by a irate sargeant Frank , the parent mob agent Ridge . Officer Paul can not help but smirk . reporter 2 ( to camera ) we continue we coverage of this horrific chain of event . one can not imagine a more tragic prom - - with everyone sweep up in the melee , Winston take the opportunity to steal away . he pause beside a officer , whose attention be focus on the face - off between agent Ridge and sargeant Frank . sargeant frank you wanna take I on , pussy ? winston slyly unhook the officer keyring from he utility belt ! Winston then slip towards the park police cruiser . he try one door handle , then another . the key slip neatly inside the third . winston sweet . ext . mt. vernon high school , parking lot -— night two cop car speed into the parking lot , light flash . the car stop in front of the service entrance . the cop jump out and be lead into the school by a janitor . int . mt. vernon high school - food storage room - night the police look at the case of water . they check bar code humber against a list they have on a clip board . they find the six case of bad water and see that two bottle be miss . 59 . cop i this be they . only two go . int . mt. vernon high school , gymnasium - continuous the prom be in full swing . the kid be slow - dance to the Band 's very bad , very strange cover of usher 's " do it to I . '' a large , hand - ink banner read : '' moonbeam and Magic '' rapid pan from location to location paint a familiar picture : the dance have segregated into clear clique . the jock , the stoner , the geek , the brain , etc ... the cop slip inside , and approach a cluster of adult - the principal and some chaperone . principal we have hear the terrible news . chaperone 1 but everything be just fine here . chaperone 2 we have check . besides , the kid really need this night . especially now - — cop 2 ( into radio ) Officer kasperski . prom be clear . nearby , a very disturb natasha dance alongside the prettie , shuffle she foot like a robot . int . squad car , mt. vernon street - continuous Winston be drive , admire how superior the mt. Vernon police cruiser be to the bunyon County crapper . the police scanner crackle : cop 2 [ radio ] kaperski here . I repeat , prom be all clear . winston ( into cb ) that 's great news . so ... where exactly be the high school ? cop 2 [ radio ] ( beat ) it 's right off -- who be this ? 60 . int . CHRIS 's huge party house - live room - continuous Jimmy and sham look out the window ... there 's a small crack through which they can glimpse the action outside . sham figure that my dad would be start a fight ... ( beat ) maybe they 's 1l shoot he . everybody be drink , sit around the room on couch and the floor . Ashley be bartend . moose you know what I think ? this could be one of that tragedy that they make trading card out of . there 's gonna be a card of I like this ... moose make a deathly face . cindy that 's not funny . zach my parent must be go nut . brooke my mom probably have a stroke . Val reach for weber 's beer . sham hey - no share . hopefully it 's not too late . Doug make the connection , and lead the witchhunt ... doug ( to moose ) you and Bob be do gravity chug earlier . you fucker use the same funnel ! moose ( be : Ashley ) yeah - well she 's he girlfriend . ashley we have be fight ! I do not lay a finger on that asshole . ( beat ) but I see weber flirt with that chick we send to the basement ! 61 . Val yelp , jealously . weber punch moose . Doug be about to get involved ... zach go nut . have a fistfight . get you hand all over one another . they look at they hand , decide it 's best to back down . zach ( cont ’d ) do not do this . we have to be smart . doug ( paranoid , defensive ) be that a crack about I ? Tyler hit a joint , then offer it to Ashley . ashley be you retarded ? weber we have any more weed ? moose Jimmy have it all . a quiet moment . they all know where Jimmy end up . Tyler look around . he suck down what 's leave . cindy do you guy think it 's cruel to keep that guy in that cellar ? sasha fuck they . where 's Chris ? he 's so useless , it 's like , shocking . cindy but they be all alone ... as this discussion continue , we find Chris , fetishistically clean the kitchen . he be useless , he take a apple from a fruit bowl , bite into it - crack ! Chris 's eye widen . nobody else seem to hear . he chew , as he do ... there be clicking . he wipe he mouth . a little blood come out ... and a tooth . he fight back tear . sasha Chris , can we put on some tune ? ( beat ) hellooocoo ? ashley Earth to wastoid ? 62. Chris try to act natural , mouth full . he chew a bit , wipe he mouth again ... two more teeth . blood run . he slurp it back in - close he lip as tight as possible . ashley be you alright ? Chris 's eye water . he try to swallow - click ... pop ! he cover he mouth with he hand . a little blood leak between he finger . brooke what 's wrong ? doug open you mouth ! zack go to the sink , Chris . slowly . though gag on he own blood , Chris shake he head - no . doug do not fuck around , fucker ! Chris 's eye flood with heartbreaking desperation . he want to say help , but can not . his body be say it for he . doug throws a book at CHRIS . it hit he in the chest . Chris jump up and down . the pain inside of he be about to buret . he can not hold it in ... he can not ... he can not ... sasha oh God oh God oh God oh God ... Chris unleash the loudest cry in history . the squeal of a thousand baby . CHRIS waaaaaaahe ! waaaahh ! blood flow out he mouth like a river . his jaw be totally unhinged . he sob and sob , he jaw flap freely . sham get backiii ! 1 everyone jump . Chris catch a sight of himself in a mirror ... when he see he image , he wail intensify . CHRIS waaahhahhhhahha ! wahhhaaa ! Chris flee run down the hall , he howl diminish with distance . no one reach out to stop he , they all keep they distance . 63 . from the edge of the room , everyone who have a drink , even a full one , chug it all the way . int . CHRIS 's huge party house , hallway - night Doug , weber , and Tyler stalk softly , follow a dark trail of blood on the carpet . weber wield a floor mop , Tyler a broom . the hall be uncomfortably quiet . the trail of blood end at a linen closet . the boy steel themselves , '' weapon '' at the ready . Doug fling the closet door open . it 's empty . Doug pull a overhead cord illuminate a single overhead lightbulb . weber sssh . do you hear that ? they stand still , and can indeed hear faint rasp breathing . Doug run he finger across the shelf . Tyler reach out to open the lid on a large clothes hamper ... Chris explode from the hamper , and try to force he way past they , bellowing with rage and pain and fear . weber and Tyler beat he to the ground with they clean tool . Chris scream . Doug look sickeningly pleased , int . CHRIS 's huge party house , basement - night Chris be ushere to the cellar . his entire torso be swaddle with blanket and tablecloth . blood still seep through . Doug and weber push he from behind with a broom . lead he down the hallway . they open the cellar door . Wendy jump up . bob time to go ? Bob see Chris . his good mood fizzle . everyone 's condition have significantly worsen . Bob 's break leg be cover in bubbling sore . kirsten 's cheek have sink , revealing bone beneath . oddly , wendy still look healthy . wendy ( eyeing Chris ) you can not be serious . Chris be put in the cellar . the door close . Chris just stand in the middle of the room . then slowly , tearily - speak through he mangle jaw : 64 . CHRIS hew geey . wast gee- on ? int . CHRIS 's huge party house , gameroom - later the gameroom feature video game , a pool table , bean bag chair , and a large screen tv . sham , brooke , and Zach have the space all to themselves . brooke do we have to go back up ? zach I do not see why . brooke you know Zach , pass you in the hall - I never would have guess that you be so , so ... Zach be do not let she finish . he lean in for the kiss . brooke stroke he cheek . it 's tender and sweet . sham eye they , he eye darken with jealousy . sham careful . I hear there 's something go around . Zach and brooke separate and smile self - consciously . whoops ! it 's true : this first kiss have much deeper resonance than most . just then , weber appear at the door . weber you need to come to the kitchen . zach we nre fine here , thanks . weber ( to Zach ) please do not leave we fate entirely in the hand of pimple . int . CHRIS 's huge party house , kitchen ~— continuous weber herd Zach , brooke , and sham inside . everyone stand in the kitchen . Doug have center stage . doug alright . it 's '' go '' time . Doug open the freezer and take out three ice-cube trays . 65 . ashley what be this ? doug ( cont ’d ) a ice- cube test . and no pussy shit . you get to bite right through . brooke no more . I can not take anymore . zach Doug , she 's right . if we be careful , no one 's go to get infect that be not already . all we have to do be wait for the cdc . doug . I do not want to risk stand next to some fucker who could start leak shit all over I . zach this isa sadistic . doug that guy have bad tooth . show I you do not , or it 's cellar time . brooke calm down -- doug what 's wrong with you two ? you get something to hide ? ( turn to the other ) anybody else feel it 's better to know who 's rotten ? almost everyone raise they hand . brooke 's stay down , and Zach reach for it . hold it tight . boug this all start cause that bitch Katie have it . she didn ’t tell US , now we all may be fucked . let 's take the littlest of precaution okay ? i’1ll go first . Doug walk up to the sink . he take a cube out of the tray and hold it in he teeth ... squeeze he jaw . crack ! he break the ice-cube . sasha that look painful . doug brooke , you be up . go , 66 . she walk slowly towards the sink . sasha help she get a cube out of the tray . brooke look back to Zach . doug weasel - boy can not help you . come on , girl ! brooke I be go ! brooke take a cube and put it in she mouth . she bite hard on it ... she squeeze ... harder ... she quit . Zach watch , anxiously . after all , he just kiss this girl . brooke ( cont 'd ) I need another try . ( to herself ) please God , let I do this . she bite , she eye be tight . crack ! the cube break . she let 's the halve fall into the sink and pump she fist . brooke ( cont ’d ) yes ! yes ! doug Zach ? let 's go . Zach take a cube and bite and hold it between he tooth . we see he teeth rubbing against the hard ice ... grinding as he tries to break it . he take the cube out of he mouth . zach dammit . doug I will bet you wish you be home with you socially challenge friend right now , huh ? sham you can do it , Zach . Zach put the cube back in . the group look scared for he . Zach try again . he squeeze . crack ! brooke hug he . Doug pass the tray to moose . moose lean over the sink . he look terrify . moose no problem . his jaw muscle tense . his cheek redden . vein bulge . weber keep squeezing , buddy . break it ! 67 . moose put he hand on the edge of the sink for leverage . his face contort with strain . sham keep it up . the flesh on he forehead start to slowly rip . a drop of blood slip out as if from a shaving CUT ... cracki!i!i1 !! his foreread split OPEN ! blood gush . we can see the inside of he head . he scream . he 's not alone ... sasha make it stop ! moose clutches the side of he head in a panic . then as he squeeze ... whoosh ! he eye shoot out of the socket !!! splat ! it hit the fridge . moose what be that !!! moose cover he face with he hand . he 's wailing . he run tight circle in the kitchen ... drop blood everywhere ... he will not stop move . moose my face !!!! my face !!! he can not see . he stagger close to the group . wham ! Doug konk he in the back of the head with a broom . moose land hard . he moan on the floor , down for the count . a moment of silence as everyone look around the room . sham that 's the grossest shit ever . doug yeah ... but the test work . sasha I be gonna be sick . ashley I too . cindy I first ! int . CHRIS 's huge party house , hallway - night sasha , Ashley and Cindy knock into each other as they jockey for the first place position . 68 . they be all moment from heaving . Cindy have she hand in front of she mouth . she look like she have already start to vomit a little . Ashley take the lead . sasha not Cindy push Ashley into the wall like a hockey check , bam ! Cindy get to the bathroom first . all three topple in . int . CHRIS 's huge party house , bathroom — continuous they try to get they bearing , all over each other . they push as they each try to pick up the toilet seat . when the seat be half way up , Cindy hurl . cindy aaaocoohhfffff ! sasha follow , some into the toilet , most onto the wall . sasha aaooof ffwhhoooooollllllllfffkkkff ! Ashley be about to pop . there be no room to get to the toilet . she look to the sink . ashley cchoooooffkkk . chookkfoofk . chikko ! Ashley puke all over the sink and floor ... then shriek . she stare at she vomit . it 's blood red , and full of chunks . she heave again - this time produce a watery fluid more black than red . sasha ( exhaust ) it really stink in here . she turn , notice Ashley 's '' predicament . '' they make eye contact , Ashley try to speak , but can not stop puking . int . CHRIS 's huge party house , cellar - later slam . Doug seal moose and Ashley inside . the cellar be get crowded . behind he , Cindy be have conniption as separation from moose sink in . doug girl , chill out . 69 , muffled by the thick door , we hear the sound of Ashley retching again , follow by groans of disgust . bob ( 0.8 . ) damn Ashley ! like it be not fuck enough in here already ! int . mt. vernon high school , gymnasium - night kid slow - dance beneath a spin disco ball . a news crew set up on the far side of the gym . local reporter jill valenzuela be start to interview prom-goer . find : natasha , fend off the hand - sy advance of another jock , a virtual clone of jack . jock c’mon sweetie — — - natasha my boyfriend died today . jock do not stop you from come . ( beat ) everyone get lucky on prom night . int . CHRIS 's huge party house , CHRIS 's bedroom - night Val and weber be in the middle of the room , half - clothed , climb all over each other . as _they remove each other 's top , they hit the bed . val pull weber on top of she . weber we should not be do this . it 's not ... safe . they make love in a frenetic hurry . weber nuzzle she . val I love you . I love you . weber oh , baby . ( eye close ) what 's happen to we ? val do not talk . just fuck I . fuck I . fuck I -- he pump as hard as he can . 70 . weber ohhhhh ... val do not cum . weber tense up . he try to hold back .... val ( cont ’d ) do not .... wait .... weber I be 90 ..... weber can not hold it . he come . weber ( cont ’d ) oe ebcale . cae he fall on top of she , exhaust . she hold he . val ( tenderly ) you be so sweet . so sweet . weber ( quietly ) you better not be sick . he put he face in she chest and weep . val we nre all gonna die anyway . might as well have a fuck orgy . int . CHRIS 's huge party house , cellar — night Bob and moose be huddle in a corner . kirby 's body be in another corner . Wendy be pass out with a bottle of wine in she hand . still bizarrely blemish free ... Ashley and kirstin be lie down together between wine rack . they be making out like there live depended on it . ashley you feel soo0o good . kirstin so do you . Bob watch the girl , transfix , then turn to moose . bob ( to moose ) hey . 71 . moose hi. bob ( seductively ) how 's it go ? moose shoot Bob a look . well , as best he can with one eye . moose do not . bob do not what ? they sit for a quiet beat . moose get away from I . moose scoot away . Bob move close again . bob come on . this be the end , man . game over . moose stop it ! moose try to get up . Bob , with he good hand , gently pull moose back down . bob you remember that time ... at camp ? it 's okay ... who care what this people think anyway . moose look around the room at the motley crew . his macho attitude fade . he grab bob 's face , they make out . moose oh , Bob . bob yes ! yes , Jack ! moose pull away . '' what do you just call I ? '' he shrug it off . they remove each other 's clothes , lay down on the bench and start to have sex . they moan with pleasure . Ashley and kirstin moan with pleasure . reveal Chris watch it all , pleasure himself . 72 . int . scott 's basement - night Scott and Eric actually look a bit battle fatigue . the game be pause . the floor around they be litter with soda can and candy wrapper . scott we need more victim . eric ( point at the screen ) two more , come we way ! scort wait , we know that screen name . that 's -- eric sham ! int . CHRIS 's huge party house , gameroom - night sham and Tyler play X - BOX on the big screen . there be a bottle of whisky and two glass in between they . sham bring it , bitch . game character pummel each other with futuristic artillery . tyler die fucker ! diet they each take a drink . sham you now , I do not think I have ever hear you talk before . tyler do not have much to say . ( vet screen ) shit ! lose my shield . sham turn out , play videogame all night would have be fine . ( tug he collar ) be it hot in here ? tyler sorry , what ? sham get he game face on . 73. sham nothing . just , this disease shit - it 's pretty serious . tyler anything in life you have do different ? sham ( beat ) I be a virgin . tyler that suck . sham what about you ? they continue they play . tyler ( be : screen ) move ! move , move move ! ( beat ) I ? I do not know . beat the shit out of guy like you less often ? Tyler and sham character be get destroyed . tyler ( cont 'd ) dude , this guy be good . sham no fuckin 's way . sham get into it . his finger hit the pad like crazy . he squeeze as hard as he can . he watch he player onscreen fight back . then ... we hear crack ! crack ! the sound be come from sham 's fingere as he wail away at the game . tyler do it ! sham mash he pad with all he might ! sham aaahhhhhh ! hali1 a double -crack ! fill the room . they both hear it . Tyler look over and discover that sham thumb be missing . actually , they be on the floor . sham uh oh . 74 . tyler the fucki !ii ... Tyler bellows . sham however , be remarkably calm . no scream . just devastating disappointment . tyler help ! help ! help ! sham can not I catch a break ? sham try to pick up he thumb - a ironically difficult task without they attach to he hand . kide fill the doorway - Val , Zach , brooke and the other behind they . Zach take in the sight , heart - ~broken . int . CHRIS 's huge party house , cellar - night Zach and sham confer on opposite side of the thick door . guilt and sadness wrestle across Zach 's face . splitscreen : sham please . please , Zach - I be begging you . do not leave I in here . zach I be so sorry . sham there ' 's get to be something you can do . you be a bright guy . zach just hang in there . help be on the way . you have just get to hang on . sham fuck you ! they be gonna let we rot and you know it ! think ! there 's a long beat . zach I do not know what to do , sham . he stand . wipe tear from he eye and start down the long , narrow hallway . sham ( 0.s. ) do not leave I Zach ! Zach ! 7s . int . CHRIS 's huge party house , bedroom - night Zach , brooke , sasha , and Doug be flipping channel in the guest bedroom . flick . a informercial for " salad shooter . '' flick . a old episode of '' fact of life . '' flick -— - they all stare listlessly . Zach stroke brooke 's hair . brooke I wonder what my sister 's gonna be like when she grow up . zach you will get to see . promise . sasha you can not promise . you do not know . close on : Doug , sweat profusely . his eye be red , he breath a bit labor . he scoot closer to sasha . sasha do not even think about it . doug ( sudden outburst ) fuck ! I need to fucking get the fuck out of this fucking place ! they all stare at he , stunne despite themselves . doug what ? fuck you guy . he stumble towards the bathroom . Zach be concerned . zach he 's ... off. ( beat ) more so than usual . int . CHRIS 's huge party house , bathroom - continuous close on : Doug , who do indeed look pretty damn crazy . Doug discover that the wall , toilet and floor be plaster with puke . doug Pigs . he struggle with he zipper and pees into the shower . he run a free hand through he hair ... then look at he finger . he see blood . 76 . he zip up , then look in the mirror . he spread he hair apart - see a bloody sore that extend behind he ear . he tug the top of he ear for closer inspection ... and it come clean off he head . doug ( cont ’d ) no fucking way . he carefully try to stick the ear back on . it stay - secure by gooey layer of puss . int . CHRIS 's huge party house , bedroom ~ night Doug reappear in the doorway look worse and frighteningly vacant . he 's completely snap ... or be about to . no one on the bed notice . they eye be glue to the news : judith martin ( tv ) ++- Jill valenzuela speak with some of the student . here 's the tape . the news cut to footage of jill valenzuela , a peppy reporter , interview kid at the prom . she pass two kid slow dancing . jill valenzuela what do you two think of the tragedy ? dancing girl ( tv ) it 's a shame . jill valenzuela ( tv ) how about you ? dancing guy ( tv ) yeah . total bummer . they two kid go back to slow dance . we see that natasha ig miraculously recover from she trauma . she 's in the arm of a new beau . Jill walk over to three girl , maryann mcdonough , a girl with way too much attitude , janine , and traci , a petite girl who speak softly . sasha ( to Doug ) hey ~ be not you go to prom with Mary Ann ? doug ( stoneface ) I blow she off . come she instead . 77 . brooke lucky break for both of you . jill valenzuela ( tv ) do you guy know the kid at Chris Welch 's house ? janine lean into the microphone . janine ( tv ) I do . it 's so tragic you know . they be so young . sasha start to cry . Zach and brooke turn to one another . brooke be ? sasha ( sobbing , gasp ) oh my god. prom ! look ... how ... beautiful ... Jill valenzuela turn to maryann mcdonough . Doug 's jaw clench , . brooke look Doug . you sweetie . jill valenzuela ( tv ) I understand this evening be particularly hard for you . you date be trap in that house -- mary ann ( tv ) hi , I be Mary Ann . let I first just say that I feel really bad for all of they . and I do feel really bad about Doug , too - I mean , I still do but -- sometimes he be such a jerk . if he have just come directly to prom like I ask ... doug fuck you , maryann . traci push past maryann and look in the camera . tracy ( tv ) yeah . I want to send all my wish and prayer . but it 's true ... Doug be not very nice . janine ( tv ) yeah . he be so conceit . doug . shut up ! 78 . jill valenzuela ( tv ) we heart be with this kid - struggle to enjoy they bpecial night under this awful circumstance . Doug throws a glass at the screen , and the 2nd tv of the evening be obliterated . sasha dammit ! that 's the last tv ! Doug be shaking with rage . he look like a volcano . doug wish that fuck bitch be heret brooke dude , settle . doug Fucking all you fucker be fuck ! suddenly : Doug 's ear fall off . no one move . doug fuck . Doug rush for the window , throw it open . the red laser dot from a rifle sight trace it 's way up he torso . douc fuckii !! he take off down the hall . int . CHRIS 's huge party house , dine room - later Zach address the gather troops . they hang on he every word ~ he 's emerge as the clear leader . zach alright everybody . we look , but there 's no sign of he . alarm whisper spread through the group . tyler he 's in here somewhere . ( beat ) I could take he . zach he 's ... a little nut and have not get anything to lose . ( more ) 79 . zach ( cont would ) that make he much more dangerous . we need to watch each other 's back . weber raise he hand . Zach point . weber watch we back ? we be screwed . I mean , if the cdc do not arrive goon , and now with a psycho run around --~ zach ( cont 'd ) they 'il come . this have become far too big . ( darkly ) but yes , for some of we the clock be tick . we can not stand by and do nothing while we friend die . everyone look down ~ towards the basement . int . CHRIS 's huge party house , cellar - continuous bam ! the cellar door fly open . it 's Zach and Brook , with a small set of curious bystander . moose Bob , and several other be in pretty bad shape . Wendy be still blemish free . Zach look ready for war . sham eye he gratefully , optimistically . sham : Zach ? 2 ach hey there , buddy . wendy I be not sick ! I swear , I be not ! zach there 's a chance you be immune . I be sorry that this happen to you , but you might be valuable to the cdc . thank you for be so brave . Wendy calm immediately . Zach turn towards Chris : 2 ach Chris - CHRIS ( 0.s. ) ( mangle jaw ) yeag - warz sup ? zach I need power tool . 80. int . CHRIS 's huge party house , basement hallway - later we follow a long extension cord . it run down the hallway , past kid 's foot , and underneath the cellar door . Zach and Chris watch through the window . Cindy pace behind they . sasha I can not watch . she look at brooke expectantly . brooke I be stay . sasha storm upstairs . Doug peek through the window . sasha ( 0.s . ) crazy mother -fucker .... int . CHRIS 's huge party house , cellar — night a impromptu medical station have be build . there be box of bandage , scissors , twine , paper towel , a tube of antibacterial ointment , and two bottle of vodka . Zach hold a circular saw . sheet have be laid down on the floor . sham be laid out on top of they . sham ( eying the circular see ) that 's a far cry from a scalpel . Zach wave Bob over . zach and bob throw sheet over there head . Eye hole have be cut out . they look like ghost . Bob put he foot on sham 's wrist . he hold it down . Zach put Safety goggle on . he line up the blade on sham 's forearm . sham you have to take off that much ? Zach indicate where the discolor vein in the hand end and healthy flesh begin . zach there 's 's no point if we do not get it sham ( lightly ) yeah , what 's a extra inch or two -- 81 . 2 ach sham - you sure you be cool ? sham nod and Zach squeeze the trigger . rrrrrrrrrr ! blood fly everywhere ! wine rack get splatter . sham aaaaaaaahhhe I piece of bone chip away and sail in the air . zach grimace with steadfast determination . then , it 's time for sham other wrist - and the leave hand be severe as messily as the right . the sick kid be huddle in a corner , face away , blood all over they back . the see whine to a slow stop . brooke administer rapid medical attention ... bandage , vodka , the work , 2 ach ( raise he goggle ) who 's next ? to black : the grind whir of the power saw over : ext . CHRIS 's huge party house , STREET - continuous the scene outside have become more melee than manage police scene . Parents be swarm . News crew have literally set up camp . even a protest group have make a appearance ... agent Ridge have detain several parent ; sargeant Frank be be lead away in cuff , yelling at the top of he lung . a reporter and cameraman corner agent Ridge . reporter we understand that a entire small town in bunyon County have undergone similar containment . the reporter thrust the microphone in Ridge 's face and let it hover there . he do not say a word . reporter any comment on the situation inside the house ? Ridge reach over and pluck a cable from the side of the camera . the small light glow on top dim . the cameraman curse and Ridge walk away , soon join by a junior agent . 82 . junior agent no sign of he sir . the cruiser he steal be still mia too ... nearby : Officer Paul be converse with Zach 's parent and Doug 's dad Dr. Viola . officer paul this be total chaos . zach 's dad be there anything we can do ? officer paul pray . int . police cruiser - night Winston be drive , utterly preoccupy with the array of fancy doodad on the dash : gps , call monitor , data computer ... he punch button arbitrarily . the radio crackle : voice ( radio ) deputy Winston . you be order to respond . return the vehicle . winston ( to himself ) ¥’all can clean you own mess . wham ! the cruiser crash into a electrical pole . two high - tension power line fall to the asphalt , writhe like live snake . Winston hurry from the car to survey the damage . winston whoops . ext . CHRIS 's huge party house , STREET - continuous there 's a loud electrical SNAP , then a strange deep , dron noise - like the world 's large television set be turn off ~ beeeeeeeeqoooooooooop . the entire block be plunge into darkness . every streetlamp , every home , every traffic light ... including the security light which surround CHRIS 's house . int . scott 's basement , dark - continuous a flashlight wink on . Scott and Eric be in the middle of the basement black void . 83. eric tell I you save the game . scort we should have go to prom . int . mt. vernon high school , gymnasium - continuous the gym be a black abyss . emergency lighting sputter to life above green exit sign , casting the alarmed student below in eerie silhouette . int . CHRIS 's huge party house , basement — continuous a lighter flick , and the lonely butane flame cast a futile bubble of illumination . Zach 's face glow . sham what 's go on ? brooke do they cut the power ? zach that would not make sense . running footstep on the floor above they head . the creak ef a door open . more footstep , then , glass shatter . zach sham , everyone , stay put . ( to brooke ) stay close . led by light of the tiny flame , they move as quickly as they can through the door and up the stair . ext . CHRIS 's huge party house - night officer and Agents surround the house , clutching flashlight , gun draw . under the veil of blackness , the property seem much larger , harder to easily canvas . personnel on the street scramble to reposition the Police vehicle so that the headlight illuminate the house . though they move with efficiency , the multiple distraction allow they to miss ... a few shape escaping from the house ! nearby : Officer Paul observe the siege in progress with concern . another officer approach : officer paul where 's we power , Lopez ? 84 . officer LOPEZ there 's a line down on oak . we be talk at least another fifteen . Officer Paul watch as agent Ridge silently , cautiously lead a team towards the patio . agent ridge ( to he man ) no one leave this house . understood ? int . CHRIS 's huge party house - continuous Zach and brooke reach the live room , a half - dozen kide be watch as weber delicately shimmy through a hole smashed in one of the window . almost everyone have leave . zach stop that ! Zach grab weber by the belt - loop and pull he back inside . weber what the fuck , dude ! zach what be you do ? weber I be not die in here , man . Zach look out the window . he can see several shape flee towards the treeline surround the property . it 's a clear , narrow path to freedom . he glimpsis Val , the last to escape , disappear into the thatch of wood . brooke ( to Zach ) we have to stop they . zach if they contact more people , weber this thing will be impossible to stop . ( beat ) where be they go ? weber ( shrug , half - joke ) know this asshole , they have be tempt to go to prom -- brooke and Zach eye one another with alarm , then glance again towards the window ... 85 . weber let the Police handle it , hero . zach the Police will kill they . weber they be already dead . ext . CHRIS 's huge party house - continuous agent Ridge and he man reach the patio . in the pool , Katie 's body have dissolve into a nearly unrecognizable blob . the slide door lead inside be lock . agent Ridge gesture for he man to smash the glass . int . CHRIS 's huge party house - continuous the agent step slowly into the live room , wash in the mute yellow light of the idling Police Cars outside . flashlight beam scan the darkness , find the destroy tv , the blood-spatter kitchen . drink glass ... no kid . across the house , more agent burst through the front door . they motion the '' all clear . '' Ridge look uncharacteristically worried . ridge I want air support . they can not have get far -- a agent emphatically gesture for ridges attention , point towards a open door and a stairway lead down . int . CHRIS 's huge party house , stair ~ continuous Ridge and he man step slowly down the stair towards the basement , gun still at the ready . Ridge notice the extension cord snake its way towards the heavy cellar door . int . CHRIS 's huge party house , cellar - night the door creak open . the darkness here be impenetrable . there be faint scuffling . the Agents be not alone . agent ridge do not be afraid . you be all go to be okay . 86 . circle of light from the flashlight glide across the blood soak wall . find the circular see still drip with gore ... then suddenly find CHRIS , who have press himself flush against the wine rack , try to hide . terrify , Chris rush forward , babbling through the cavity that use to be he mouth . CHRIS oy mahgewd - plez gelp ge ! the close agent gasp in disgust and surprise . he impulsively squeeze he trigger - crack ! - and what remain of Chris 's face explode in a geyser . his body wobble , then collapse to the floor . several stifle scream echo against the stone wall . the Agents swivel on they heel nervously . ext . mi. vernon STREET - night Winston have get the cruiser move , but it 's on it 's last leg - every foot it traverse accompany by the screech of grind metal . the front end be hopelessly mangle , smoke billow from beneath the hood . winston c’mon . c’mon -- the car die , clanging to a permanent halt . winston fuck ! he look out the window . directly beside he , at the rear of a immense , full parking lot , be mt. Vernon High . right on cue , the power return . the overhead fluorescent in the parking lot illuminate . a dim but distinct cheer rise from the school - hundred of relieved reveler celebrate the resumption of prom . winston sweet ! int . CHRIS 's huge party house , basement - night the stand - off continue . agent ridge all of you . come out ! nothing . no response . 87 . suddenly : the light blaze back to life , and shape lurking in the shadow become clear . the agent be startle . then : the kid make a collective rush towards the door — sham , Bob , moose , kirsten , Ashley - the Agents take AIM : moose be shot in the chest and collapse on a agent , bleed all over while smother he with he girth . agent Ridge line up Ashley in he sight ... but sham and Bob wrestle he to the ground . agent Ridge land on the circular saw which whirs to life beneath he . his mouth open in a silent scream , a fountain of blood erupting over he lip . int . CHRIS 's huge party house - continuous the kide reach the empty live room , only to find more agent , ready to pick they off one by one . they freeze . ext . CHRIS 's huge party house ~ continuous the entire property be once more blankete by the powerful glow of security light . Officer Paul stare at the house expectantly . the sound of gunshot pierce the quiet ... and Officer Paul 's walkie blaze to life with panicked chatter . walkie ( different voice ) Ridge be down ... we have get six kid ... wounded , most dead ... it 's a bloodbath ... news crews scurry to make sense of the unfold drama . group of parent press against the officer who restrain they , desperate for anawer . overhead , a helicopter fly past . ext . mt. vernon high school , gymnasium - night a ring of teens loiter near the gym , take quick , furtive sip from conceal brown - bag beer . winston ( off ) what you get there ? 88. they turn in unison . Winston be swagger towards they , hand on hip . panic light in they eye . teen 1 nothing . teen 2 yeah , nothing Officer . Winston snatch the paper bag from the close teen , and peer inside . it 's a colt 40 . winston uh-oh . teen 3 please , please , be cool . it 's prom , man . Winston size they up , overflow with pantomime deliberation . he quickly confiscate all of they contraband . winston goon . get back inside , do not let I catch you out here again . they disburse like lightning in a chorus of '' thank yous . '' once they be out of sight , Winston chug one . he toss the bottle into the bush and carry the remain inside . ext . ravine - night Zach and brooke run through the moonlight . they bob and weave to avoid sharp branch . brooke trip over a log . she fall hard . zach you need to stop ? brooke no . brooke get up . they keep run , try to find they way . they hear the helicopter overhead . a searchlight trace the ground nearby . they duck behind a tree . intercut : int . helicopter - continuous a sniper in the helicopter have Zach in he sight . 89 . helicopter pilot ( into radio ) we have two runaway . clean shot . ext . CHRIS 's huge party house - continuous officer Paul be currently in command . he hesitates . officer paul stand down . we will intercept on the ground . helicopter pilot who be this ? where 's Ridge ? it just so happen , agent Ridge be be carry out of the house in a plastic bag ... officer paul Ridge be indispose . stand down . ext . ravine - continuous the helicopter move in one direction . Zach and brooke run in the other . brooke do you know the way ? zach i_thought so . I think we be close ... feeling they have lose they pursuer , they pause to catch they breath . zach I be a little turn around . you okay ? brooke nod . they hear rustling ! they look around - bpot the BUSH where it 's come from . Zach pick up a big stick and hold it over he head . brooke pick up a smaller one . the bush rustle again and Zach swing . he hit ... a body . eddie , a party - guy in a tuxedo , roll out . eddie owwwwww ! two more party - guy , lyle and mitch , emerge from the bush . 90 . mitch fuck ! we think you be cop . brooke what be you do ? lyle we come out here to drink . eddie wait ... Mitch look at Zach and brooke , still splatter with blood from they '' surgical '' endeavor . mitch ( cont ’d ) where do you guy come from ? lyle they get that ... '' thing ! '' zach no. promise . eddie look at they ! they be at Chris 's ! lyle and Mitch pick up stick , take a offensive posture . mitch get away . zach we will go . just , tell we which way the prom be . L forget it ! lyle swing at Zach . he miss . zach I be not sick ! I be try to help ! Doug be on he way to -- Mitch swing . he hit Zach in the leg . zach help we ! please ! Mitch club Zach in the shoulder . Zach 's have enough . he lay a huge swing into Mitch 's rib . boom ! Mitch go down . he choke as he try to get he breath . Zach look to lyle . zach ( cont ’d ) which way ? 91 . lyle point . 4 % ach and brocke run like hell . CUT to : ext . sidewalk - night up ahead Zach and brooke see the high school . zach over there ! they run past a convenience store . brooke do she best to keep up . Zach blaze into a intersection . he look behind he to check on brooke . screeeefech - a car hit Zach . Zach bounce off the windshield and somersault onto the pavement . brooke reach he . brooke be you alright ? zach yeah . I think so . Zach be woozy , he pants tear and the flesh beneath deeply gouge . the irate driver get out of the car . irate driver what the fuck , kid ! you run into the middle of the road -- he take long look at Zach , who 's struggle to he foot in the beam of the headlamps . he 's bloody , wild - eye , and piss . this be definitely not the same Zach we meet yesterday ... the Driver shut up and close he door . brooke grab he . Zach follow , now slowed by a limp . brooke come onl cur to : ext . mi. vernon high school - night a truck pull up in front of the school . int . truck - continuous sasha prepare to climb out of the cab . the truck driver leer at she hungrily . sasha be ... not all there . sweat bead on she forehead . 92 . sasha thanks for the ride . truck driver glad I could help , darling . ( beat ) Quick kiss for luck ? sasha forget it . truck driver C ’mon . peck on the cheek . do not normally pick up hitchhiker ... sasha roll she eye . whatever . as she lean in for the micro-smooch , the truck driver turn he head and kiss she full on the mouth , pull sasha forward greedily . sasha ntear away ) fuck you , pig ! truck driver you have a nice night , sweetheart . you go make some horny boy night . she flip he off . he grunt like a pig as she scamper towards the gym . his laughter taper as she dovetail from view , he expression shifting to dawn displeasure . he have something in he mouth . he fish inside with a finger and retrieve ... a bloody tooth . ext . mt. vernon high school - continuous wind by she brief jog , sasha stop at a park car to inspect she reflection . she adjust she hair . pucker she lip , then be seize by a cough ... which expel a blob of dark blood onto the car window . int . mt. vernon high school , gymnasium - night the band take a break and a dj [ 5as , hopelessly out of touch ] take over a turntable . he unsleeve a album and place it on the spindle . the gym flood with Air supply 's '' two less Lonely people . '' kid moan , but do not stop dance . close on : the dj , oblivious , nodd he head to the smooooocoth rhythm . suddenly a unseen hand shove he . winston take he place , record in hand . 93. int . mt. vernon high school , gymnasium ~ moment later kid shake they head and hair to '' pour some sugar on I . '' Winston make the round , nod and point double - barrel finger at cluster of teens who smile back , confuse . he find two husky girl and saunter over . winston how be you lady tonight ? husky girl 1 good . winston all alone ? husky girl 2 we date take off . evidently drink in the field be more fun -- the first girl elbow she . husky girl 1 you do not have to tell everybody . Winston discretely remove he hip flask ... then notice the news crew on the far side of the gym . local reporter jill valenzuela be still pester prom-goer . winston we should find a place to party . husky girl 1 be not you a cop ? winston off duty . they glance at one another , uncertain . winston ( cont ’d ) this be prom night , lady . Love be in the air . ext . mt. vernon high school , hallway - continuous Winston and the two girl hang out on the floor , drink the recently liberated beer . at the far end of the hall , a figure bang on the door . Winston excuse himself and cruise down the hali . 94 . he open the door a crack . stand outside , grin calmly , be Doug . winston what up , dude ? doug hey -- ( take in Winston 's uniform ) Officer . will you let I in ? winston what 's wrong with the front door ? doug it 's just , look , I forget my asthma inhaler , and all this dance ... I get a extra one in my locker -- winston whatever . he let Doug pass , not notice the blood which coat the side of the young man 's face . instead , Winston trot excitedly back to he '' date '' and Doug disappear down another corridor . int . mt. vernon high school , gymnasium — night slow motion pov : move through throng of dance student , who shake and shimmy , pause with momentary curiosity as they be pass . reveal : sasha carve she way across the dance - floor towards the stage . her eye be fix on something there : close on : the focus of she fascination . resting on a faux - marble pedestal wait the crowns for prom King and prom Queen . she grin - miss a front tooth . int . mt. vernon high school - night montage : Doug travel from door to deor , sealing each one close via a assortment of different mean : bike chain , rope , block they with chair ... close on : Doug remove the FIRE axe from its wall - mount tomb in breakaway glass ... meanwhile : 95 . ext . mt. vernon high school — night , continuous zach and brooke reach the gym . they eye the front entrance . brooke let 's do this -- zach we can not risk get catch . ( beat ) I mean , look at we . we have to find a back entrance . intercut : each door they try have already be secure . Doug be perpetually one step ahead . they reach the last door . it too be lock , and the frustration in Zach 's face be plain . brooke we be waste too much time . zace ( beat ) I have get a idea ... quick series of cut : Zach break down the door to the 4 - h gardening shed . he grab a rake and a hoe . Zach smashes the window lead into the locker room . Zach and brooke cut through the locker room to ... CUT tos int . mt. vernon high school , gymnasium - continuous close on : Zach and brooke , gardening tool in hand . pull back : they be at the rear of the gym , bloody , pale - face grim reaper bath in pink and green light . another quick series of cut : Zach and brooke dash from couple to couple , from group to group , from hor ’dourve table to punchbowl - spread the word ... messenger of the apocalypse . zach you need to get out of here ! 96 . cheerleader the pretty girl be at Chris 's ! I actually have a shot at prom Queen ! cur to : brooke at least go outside ? jock I step out , I break heart . can not let that happen ... CUT tos zach you do not understand ! infect kid might be here ! band geek but we go back on in fifteen . CUT to : a sudden hush descend over the gymnasium . all head turn to the stage . the dj remove the needle from the record . sasha stand alone , the prom Queen tiara in she hand , blood dribble from the corner of she mouth . she address the vast assembly of stare face . this be she moment . sasha thank you all sooo much . this be such a honor . a dream come true , really . she place the tiara a she head . sasha be it on right ? it feel weird -- sasha over - exert she attempt to squeeze the metal ornament over she hair -- and peel the flesh from she scalp ! she smile and wave benignly , blood pour through down she forehead and cheek , pause to cough several enormous gob which splash into the crowd . kid scream and scatter . balloon pop . one end of the banner fall . tables and chair get topple . they be literally climb and crawl over one another to reach the door first . just then : Winston and he two '' date '' return from they sojourn in the hallway . 97 . swish - pan from winston 's Pov : group simultaneously discover that the door be all jamme . a few find the open route lead back to the locker room , but most be trap . winston ( to himself ) God dammit . Winston turn on he heel and head back into the school , abandon he heavy - set new friend . the throng stream towards the main deor , but the path be block by doug , wield he axe . bdoug hi guy ! ( grin ) you know , I have no idea how unpopular I be . guess I should have be nicer . fact be , I hate all of you even more than you hate I . but even a bully need love ... the crowd slowly backpedal away from he . he spot Mary Ann in they midst , try desperately to avoid he eye . doug ( cont ’d ) mary ann mcdonough ! baby ! the herd push she forward . the rest shy away from she . doug ( cont ’d ) ahhh . come here , pumpkin . Doug slowly pute he hand around she head . she cower . doug ( cont ’d ) I be die , and you say such awful thing . she squirm . he hold she tight and kiss she hard on the mouth , like Michael corleone kiss fredo . doug ( cont ’d ) Love yal she rune away . doug ( cont 'd ) who else want a warm fuzzy one ? clang ! Zach 's garden hoe connect squarely with the side of Doug 's head . blood sprays into the crowd , hit unprepare gawker in the face . zach ( to the crowd ) go on ! run! 98. Doug be already clamoring to he foot , reach for the axe . ext . mt. vernon high school -— continuous there be a Mass exodus from the Hall . kid in formal wear run for they life waving and scream , just as : police car , siren walling , fly over the curb . the cop lean out of they window , gun drawn . curb cop # 1 freeze ! curb cop # 2 everyone ! back inside ! the cop get out of they car . they all hear a dispatcher across they radio . dispatcher ( 0.8 . ) ++- use force if necessary . the kid , hand raise , back inside . the cop shut the entrance door . two officer take huge chain and look the door from the outside . int . mt. vernon high school , hallway - night Three preppie kide , poug 's blood on they formal wear , scurry down the corridor - they back hunch like soldier crossing a open field . preppie kid 1 ( whisper ) maybe we can get out through the library . preppie kid 2 I get that asshole blood all over we . from nowhere : the axe blade split the 2nd preppie kid 's skull in half ! blood and brain splatter the wall , doug the other two scream , but they distress be end quickly as Doug sever they head . int . mi. vernon high school , locker room - continuous Zach and brooke lead a group towards the coach 's office - he funnel they inside . 99 . Mary Ann come run around the corner . she try to get into the room . dancing girl no ! she can ’t come in ! doug kissed her ! mary ann ( cry ) pleaset dancing guy no ! zace it 's okay ! brooke ( to Mary Ann ) just stay in the corner . Mary Ann sit on the floor . everybody glower at she . then ... scream along with doug’ laugh . zach stay here . do not open the door . int . mt. vernon high school , hallway - continuous Winston wander the hall , the carnage of Doug 's passage all around he , body in the hall , smashed locker , severe electrical wiring result in sputtering light overhead . he come upon the three dead preppie kid . he consider they for a long beat . winston ( to himself ) best to handle this the bunyon County way . quick series of cut : Winston emerge from the chemistry classroom wear a thick rubber apron , long latex glove , and carry bottle of isopropyl alcohol . he laboriously drag the body into a haphazard pile . he empty the alcohol over the corpse . he retrieve a silver Zippo from a pocket and set they on fire ... whistle , he walk away . 100 . int . mt. vernon high school , hallway - continuous Doug twirl the axe absentmindedly like a lumberjack on a morning stroll . he round a corner , and find himself face - to- face with three flee member of the student band . each be lug they beloved instrument and look utterly terrify , it 's a '' West side Story '' gangland stand - off ; the axe-wield maniac vs. the drummer , the saxophonist , and the violinist . the saxophonist cock the heavy brass behind he body . as he 's about to attack ... Doug swing the axe - hit he in the ankle . the saxophonist go down . Doug then turn on the other two , swinging wildly , narrowly miss . the drummer assault Doug with the crash cymbal . he pull back again , carve a deep slice of arm before the disk clatter to the floor , Doug awing the axe upwards . it obliterate the violin , then strike the violinist on the inner thigh . splotch ! Doug have trouble get the axe back out of the deep wound . the violinist howl in pain . use one cymbal as a shield , another as a weapon , the drummer redouble he assault . Doug abandon the axe , let it dangle between the scream violinist 's leg . he pick the cymbal from the floor ... and throw it like a frisbee . it slice through the drummer 's neck , strike the windpipe and vibrate . go ! his work do , Doug reclaim the axe with a sicken wet squelch . he continue on he merry way , leave the three bleed , writhe victim in hia wake . int . mt. vernon high school , different hallway - night Zach and brooke tiptoe the hall , still brandish rake and hoe respectively . in the Trophy case up ahead , Zach spot doug 's ss reflection ... but a moment too late ! Doug be upon they , swinging the axe . brooke take refuge in a nearby classroom . Zach fall back , crashing through the trophy case , then be pummele by the fall trophy . lol . int . mt. vernon high school , typing classroom - continuous Doug walk in . he look around , peek under the desk ... brooke have disappear . doug lambchop ? then ..... ding ! brooke come out from behind the open door and slam Doug in the head with a electric typewriter . Doug hit the floor . Doug put he hand up as a futile shield ; he head have take quite a beat , and the leave side of he face have be turn to pulp . blood spill over he finger . brooke pick up the typewriter again . she hurl it at he head repeatedly : ding ! click ! ching ! Doug writhes in pain . doug ( cont ’d ) Fucking bitch ! brooke run out of the room . int . mi. vernon high school , hallway - night brooke pull Zach from the Trophy case and drag he off down the hall . doug ( 0.8 . ) Zach ! I can not wait to kill you ! Zach and brooke run towards a corridor of classroom ... and smack into winston . zach oh thank God , we need you help , Officer -- winston deputy . brooke whatever . Zach peer over Winston 's shoulder . smoke be billow out of several classroom . Winston be still flicking the silver lighter in he hand . zach what the fuck be you do ? 102 . Winston follow he wide - eye gaze , and notice that the flame from he funerary burn pile have spread to the wall and ceiling , winston whoops . ( beat ; as though the hallway behind he be not on fire ) gotta take a leak . brooke what the hell smell so bad ? ( look closer ) Holy shit ! int . mt. vernon high school , men 's room — night Zach and Winston bravely open bathroom stall . the last one be lock . Zach kick it OPEN . Inside be ... mr. sheppard . Mr. sheppard crouch atop the toilet , rub rosary bead and whispering a prayer . winston say something nice for I too . Winston and Zach step up to the urinal . brooke take a stall . zach so ... you do realize there 's hundred of kid trap in here . winston ( shrug ) yeah . int . mt. vernon high school , gymnasium — continuous the gym be start to fill with smoke and look more like a third world refugee camp than a high school prom . student cower in corner , assiduously avoid one another , peek gut back window towards the gather police circus outside ... sasha 's corpse lie crumpled on stage . natasha approach , the first sign of a sore appear around she mouth . she gingerly remove the tiara from she friend expose skull . close on : the broad , rigor-mortis smile on sasha 's face . 103 . int . mt. vernon high school , hallway - night brooke carefully peek out of the bathroom ; coast be clear . Zach and Winston follow . as they do , the axe fly through the doorway ! Winston push Zach out of the way and the blow catch Winston in the back of the thigh . his leg split . brooke drop she rake and lunge for the axe head . she wrest it away from Doug , but trip over Winston and land on the blade . a pool of biood slowly form beneath she fall form . Doug snatch she rake , Zach and Doug face off . its garden rake against garden hoe . doug think you can take I , faggot ? they fence , but Zach be a man possess , he land every blow , Doug stumble backwards — surprised and wind , the two stare at one another . Zach stand he ground , ferocity gleam in he eye . Doug look like he 's about to charge ... + ++ but flee instead , racing back through the hallway towards the rear double door . bxt , mt . vernon high school -— continuous Doug stagger outside . he 's exhaust , low on blood . a gunshot ring . Doug look down , where a bloody hole have open in he chest . he look up to find : Officer Paul , stand with gun still raise - flanke by several other officer . in the background , white cdc van stream into the parking lot . ext . mt. vernon high school , gymnasium - later , same night team of cdc agent wear biohazard suit efficiently evacuate the student into wait school bus . familiar face be herde past : Zach , brooke , natasha ... Winston , a limping Winston be staging a loud protest to no one in particular . winston I be not get on that bus . no way . Officer down . ( point at he badge ) see this word ? deputy ? it mean '' not . getting . on . bus . '' 104 , in the background , firemen extinguish the remain flame lick at the school wall , just as : a 1986 dodge dart sputter into the parking lot , stop a appreciable distance away . int . dodge - continuous Scott and Eric , dress in tuxedo replete with match boutonniere , have finally make it - and miss everything . scott what the fuck ...? eric see ? told you prom would suck . int . CHRIS 's huge party house , basement ~ night cdc agent escort sham and Wendy - the only two survivor - away from the house . the two seem to have make ... a connection . sham be carry he amputate hand . sham anybody get a cooler and some ice ? int . bus - night Zach and brooke cradle one another . the wound on she chest hae be bandage with a enormous swatch of gauze . Winston be seat behind , he stream of belly - aching still unbroken . winston I should not be here ! Zach turn to comfort he . zach it will be okay , man . winston it 's be a bad day . zach yeah . but it 's over now . Winston nod , numbly .... +.ethen reach absentmindedly to scratch a small red sore behind he ear . the end 105 . tag ending : the truck Driver - the one who steal the kiss from sasha - be unwind at a local strip club . a young bikini brunette give he a lap dance run she finger through he hair , then pull away , alarmed , stripper what the fuck ?! truck driver song 's not do . stripper no . but I be ! Gross ! she look at she hand . it 's streak with blood . truck driver I get lot of dance tonight . your suck . he get up and leave the booth . we follow he through the club , pulling back to reveal the crowded space . girl lead customer back and forth from the back room ... ees all of they now potentially infect .