third draft 5/18/79 caddyshack by : '' Brian doyle Murray Douglas kenney harold ramis the jp organization linountallige . cgm fade in ext . noonan house - early morning it 's seven o'clock and the bird be sing in the tree outside a old , two -story frame house with a sagging front porch and peel white paint , anly half - cover by a partial paint job . mrs , noonan ( v.0 . ) ( shouting cheerily ) let 's go kid ! rise and shine ! let 's hit the deck ! let 's go-go-go ! a dog begin barking . int . upstair hallway Doors fly open and a half dozen child start pour into the hall , racing for the bathroom , and rough~ - housing down the stair . mrs . noonan she stand at the foot of the stair call up to the gang of kid . she 's a plump , cheerful woman with a helpful , supportive manner . the family collie run up the stair still barking . mrs . noonan ocall out ) up , up , up ! Andy ? billy ? I be not hearing any movement up there ! make sure Danny 's up , please , uppie - uppie everybody ! int , danny noonan' bedroom - dawn the first light of day filter through the window revealing a incredibly messy boy 's bedroom litter with dirty laundry , book , comic , breken toy and a electric guitar . the wall be cover with kiss poster , frame athletic award and cheesy trophy on a homemade bookshelf , Little League team picture and a poster-size blow - up of John belushi . a break model spaceship dangle from a thread from the ceiling fixture . Three brother share the room . andy and billy , twelve and thirteen be get dress . danny noonan , age eighteen , sit on the cdge of he bed rub he eye . he 's a manly , good -look , athletic kid with a kind of quick , natural intelligence -- the oldest and biggest of the noonan kid . continued [ linountmllige . cg continued danny ( shout ) I be up . he hop out of bed and head for the bathroom . hallway billy , ed and kathleen be already line up at the bathroom door , wait impatiently in they pajamas . danny ( impatiently ) who 's in there ? kathleen Danny , will you tell Nancy to get out of there ? billy she 's be in there a hour ! Danny go right to the bathroom door , knock once and barge in , catch twelve year old nancy in she panty , she mother 's rouge and lipstick smear on she mouth . danny come on , nance ! nancy nscream ) Danny ! she grab she robe and run out . nancy ( off camera ) mother ! Danny see I naked ! danny there 's not much to see . Danny put some crest on he toothbrush and leave the bathroom . the hallway as Danny come out ; billy , Ed and Kathleen fight to get in next . ed I be next ! I call it ! continued [ linountmllige cgm ~ continued kathleen ( push he ) oh no you do not ! billy shotgun ! Danny head back to he bedroom and almost trip over a three year old sit on a potty . three year old I be poop , Danny . danny ( laugh ) I be proud . int . dine room - a little later mr . noonan , Danny 's father , be try to eat breakfast and read the newspaper while the kid pop in and out of the room . he love he child , but over the year , with each new addition to the family , he 's come to feel more and more - like a forget guest in he own home . Danny come through the dining room on he way to the kitchen . danny hi , dad . can I --- mr . noonan no . danny ( protest ) you do not even hear --- mr . noonan whatever it be -- no ! Danny go through the open door into the kitchen unfaze by he father 's churlishness . int . kitchen mrs . noonan be busy make fry egg sandwich . a cry four year old cling to she apron while other kid pillage the refrigerator , spill milk and orange juice , and slop cereal into bowl . the dog be bark , the phone be ringing and the radio play loudly . Danny get a bowl and spoon from the cupboard . continued ' lnountmllige . cgn continued mrs . noonan -- as soon as you guy get back from Little League , maybe we can get some painting do on the house . thirteen year old SAM run in and grab a sandwich . SAM the douglase get fake brick . you do not have to paint it . mrs . noonan hooray for the douglase . a baby in a high chair throw a cup . mrs . noonan dory ! bad girl ! ( to the cry four year old ) Sally , honey , you do not have to be up yet . go back to bed . Danny grab the cheerios and be almost out the door . ~ . mrs. noonan Danny ? no word from St. copius yet ? danny ( evasive ) no , but I be not so sure about that place anymore . I talk to a guy who go to college there . it 's right in the middle of a cornfield . they get eight foot of snow --- mrs . noonan it 's a fine college and you know it . danny I do not know anything , he escape to the dining room , and without sit down , grab the pitcher of milk off the table and pour some on he ' cheerios . mr . noonan you get out yesterday ? danny _ ( spoon lot of sugar on he cereal } twice . I caddy for Mr. webb in the morning and then double in the afternoon . continued linouvtallige . cg continued mr . noonan how much be that ? danny twelve -sixty plus about three buck in tip . mr . noonan well ? put it in the college fund . Danny sigh , put down he bowl and go to a kitchen cupboard , digging into he pocket . Mr. noonan watch he through the open door . Mrs. noonan be wiping up spill and feed the dog at the same time . mrs . noonan maybe you should call the St. copius scholarship people . they should have let you know by now . Sally , honey , do not put egg in you hair . danny ( pull bill out of he pocket ) I hear there 's only two girl there and they be both nun . this guy have to take a cow to the prom and the cow have to be in carly . mrs . noonan well , the mazenak boy go to St. copious and he have a marvelous time . danny ntake a cookie jar off the shelf } I 's the one who go out with the cow . he stuff the money into the cookie jar try to hide it from he father . mr . noonan ( from the dining room ) I see that ! that be about five buck and change . Danny come back into the dining room eat he cereal . danny I have a couple of burger and some pepsis for lunch . he flee toward the kitchen . continued linouvtallige . cg continued - 2 mr. noonan how many pepsis ? danny ( from the kitchen } four or five . mr . noonan what be you -- a diabetic !? kide hit he , dad ! get the strap ! Danny 's a diatetic ! Danny dump he dirty dish in the sink . mr . noonan ( shout from the dining room ) you be not leave this house till we settle this college thing . danny I be just go upstairs for a minute . he dash out of the kitchen and up the stair . mr. noonan ( o.s. to Mrs. noonan ) I be tell you , if he have not get anything line up by September , I be go to ask Tom burdick to put he on at the lumberyard . int . danny's room he can hear he parent argue as he rummages in he closet . mrs. noonan ( 0.s. ) } he 's not go to work in the lumber - yard ! Danny grab a fade windbreaker and a letter drop out of the pocket . he read it with a grim expression . the letter it read : the St. copius scholarship foundation regret to inform you that you application for student aid have be refuse , etc . continued linouvtallige cog continued mr . noonan ( 0.s. ) well , he 's not go to be a caddy all he life , be he ? danny he fold up the letter and hide it on a shelf . mrs. noonan ( v.0 . ) Danny ? devill ham or tuna ? JI can not open both . danny oshout } how about neither ? with the argument continue downstairs , he go to the window and jump out . for a moment we think he 's commit suicide . ext . danny's window he swing nimbly to a downspout , hop to a tree branch , climb through a weathered treehouse and slide down a rope to the ground . then he jump on a sear ten speed bike and pedal away . ext . suburban STREET Danny ride down a street line with house like he own . ext . another STREET the house be bigger , the lawn wider and greener , as Danny cross over into a more exclusive section of the suburb . ext . another STREET now Danny be riding past large mansion on rambling estate . ext . bushwood country club Danny turn down a private driveway flanke by two stone column . on one column be a brass plaque that read : bushwood country Club . end credit . linouvtallige cog ext . the golf course - a little later early morning mist rise from the golf course and shaft of sunlight slant through the tree as we look at two figure stand on the tee five hundred yard away . one of the figure swing , a click be hear and ball sail into the air . it hang for a long moment and drop right in the middle of the fairway , two hundred yard from the green . the golfer hand he club to he caddy and start walk toward the ball . as they approach , we begin to see they more clearly . it be Danny , caddy for ty webb , a handsome , thirty - ish bachelor with clear eye and a air of relaxed self control . his outfit be all soft flannel and cashmere . everything about he tell we that he be the perfect golfer . ty and danny they walk along in quiet conversation . Danny try hard to match ty 's easy , elegant stride . danny Mr. webb , can I ask you something ? ty sure . danny when you be eighteen , do you remember have trouble decide what you want to do with you ... uh , you know ... life ? ty sure . I do not know whether to go to West Point , sail my father 's ship to the island or just take a year off ski in the alps. why ? danny forget it . I do not think you would understand . ty come on . I know what you mean . I have the same problem at eighteen , at twenty - one , twenty - five , twenty - nine and thirty - two ~~ and yesterday . I almost blow my brain out with a silver - plate beretta . so what 's you problem ? continued [ linountmllige cgm continued danny what be not my problem ? do you have to take the cooter preference test when you be a senior in high school ? ty yes . it say I should be a firewatcher . what be you suppose to be ? danny a underachiever . { shake he head ) I gotta go to college . I gotta ! ty do you want to go to college ? danny in nebraska ? besides , it cost like eight thousand dollar a year . my dad can not afford it . and I have not even tell he about the scholarship I do not get . I will probably have to work in a lumberyard for the rest of my life . ty what 's wrong with lumber . I own two lumberyard . danny I notice you do not spend too much time there . ty I do not know where they be . they reach ty 's ball . the lake ty 's ball rest near the edge of a beautiful lake that cut across the fairway . on the opposite shore be a lovely green flanke by sandtraps . ty okay , Danny . TI think you have suffer enough . first lesson . do you sce Star Wars ? ( he take a silk scarf out of he golf bag ) linountallige . cgh anum 10 continued danny yeah --~ ty all right . I will be alec Guinness and you be the wimpy kid from the Space farm . danny thanks . ty ( blindfold himself ) there 's a force in the universe that make thing happen . al1 you have to do be get in touch with it . he fumble with the club in he bag , feel for a seven iron . finally he lift the blindfold a little and take the right club . then he go to he ball and take a blindfolded practice swing . . ty find you center -~- stop think -- let it happen -- ' be the ball ' -- ( he swing and hit the ball ) the ball it sail over the lake , hit high on the green and roll back down to within inch of the hole . danny and ty Danny stand there amaze . ty start blindfold he . danny ( surprised ) what ? ty hit one . try it . Danny peek to line up the shot , then lower the blindfold and get ready to hit . continued lnountmllige . cgn ir continued ty ( dron hypnotically ) just relax -- be the ball -- find you center -- turn off all the sound -- picture the shot -- be completely still : --~ danny ( impatiently ) it 's a little hard with you talk like that . ty oh ! all right -- I '1l shut up -- I be shutting up now -- I have step talk . Danny swing and hit the ball . ty watch it rise and drop into the lake . danny ntake off the blindfold } where would it go ? ty right in the lumberyard . we will work on it -- honestly . just figure out what you really want . once you know , everything else take care of itself . they walk off together . a mechanical roar be hear . a kuge tractor mower a huge grasscutter appear suddenly over a rise , it 's big plaid blower bag balloon out from its side . the groundskeeper wave casually to ty and Danny from he tractor seat as he rumble past they . cuT to ext . the STREET a public transit bus stop across the street from the : main entrance to the club . the route sign on the front of ' the bus read : from the clty . the bus pull away revealing a half dozen teenage caddy arrive for work . they cross the street , rollick and punch at each other . a few Black and Latin Maids and Kitchen helper arrive with they . linouvtallige . cg 12 ext . the parking lot the caddy come up the driveway . lead the group be tony d'annunzio , nineteen , a tough -look , inner-city kid with disco haircut and a cigarette dangle negligently from he lip . with he be he brother -~ angie , a mild - mannered , dopily smile seventeen year old and joey , fourteen , bushwood 's newest caddy , tough like tony , but cuter . tony he accost one of the maid . tony hey , Maria ! the Immigration guy be lookin’ for you yesterday . you know , there 's a law if you screw a italian , you be a automatic citizen . she laugh uncomprehendingly and continue talk in Spanish to she friend , two other caddy have arrive with the D '’annunzio 's -- goofy , a gawky , bespectacle sixteen year old and motormouth , a fast - talk , eighteen year old class clown . as they cut across the parking lot , they check out the car of the club member . motormouth {like a announcer ) we be here at the Thirteenth annual bushwood Auto show and what a collection of four - wheel fantasy we have here , right goofy ? ( rap a stationwagon ) ~- here 's a newcomer to this morning 's show , Mr. and Mrs. newburger 's 1981 Ford country Square . goofy breathtakingly beautiful . motormouth a absolute hog . a porsche a black porsche turbo carrera with prominent " md " marking race up the access road toward the parking lot . the driver have to slam on he brake to avoid hit the d'annunzio 's continued [ linountmllige cgm 13 continued , who be deliberately slow get out of the way . the horn honk frantically . the caddy slowly clear the road as the driver gun he motor . the moment they be clear , he lurch forward to pass they . joey he do a flip off the car as if he 's be hit and land sprawle on the grass . joey oroll around in mock agony ) yaaaaaaaaaah ! the porsche it screech to a halt . the tinted window whirs down revealing dr . blaine beeper , a rich , conceit big-city surgeon . he look back , shocked . dr . beeper oh my God ! joey he 's on the grass twitching and flopping , the other caddy stand around in horror . the porsche beeper grab he black doctor 's bag and leap from the car . he stop . the driveway both joey and the caddy have disappear . beeper he slam he doctor 's bag against a tree trunk in a rage and then look at it realize what he 's do . he give the bag a tentative shake and hear a $ 6,000 tinkle of break glass and instrument . [ linountmllige cgm 14 ext . caddyshack several caddy be loung in the yard in front of the caddyshack -- a one -story white frame building with green tile roof and green shutter . joey DB ' annunzio practice hook shot against a backboard attach to the wall . goofy he 's sit on a bench with ray , a old , professional caddy wear a dirty golf cap with a emblem from the 1946 buick open . his suntan arm be cover with tatoos . goffy dunk doughnut into he coffee as Ray talk . ray I jump ship in Hong Kong and inade my way to tibet where I get on as a looper at this golf club up there in the himalayan Mountains . goofy a looper ? ray a caddie -- a jock ! so I tell ‘em I be a pro , so who do they give I ? the dalai lama himself ~- flowin ' white robe and everything . so I give he he driver and he tee off -- right into this glacier and he ball go down this 10,000 foot crevice . and you know what the dalai lama say ? goofy no . ray ' shit . 's yeah -- ' shit ! ' and you know what else . I be full of shit . yeah . ~~ goofy stare at he with he mouth full of doughnut . danny he cross the caddyyard . from the way the caddy greet he , we can see that he 's both like and respected . a basketball roll up to he . joey ( shout ) hey , noonan ! Little help ! Danny pick up the ball , close he eye and take a hook shot at the basket . [ linountmllige cgm 15 the basket the ball sail high over the backboard and onto the roof of the caddyshack . joey he glare at Danny . joey thanks a lot , wipehole ! Danny go into the caddyshack . int . caddyshack more caddy be loung on bench , play card , etc . Danny enter and go to the window of the caddymaster 's office . tony D '' annunzio be in the office . danny ( hold up a ticket ) hiya , tony . where 's Lou ? tony he go to the pro shop for a minute , you wanna take over till he get back ? danny where you goin ' ? Angie , tony 's rat-like brother , appear . angie noonan , you wanna buy some clock radio ? danny Nah --- angie get any friend who want clock radio ? . danny how many you get ? angie how many you need ? Angie walk away laugh . lnountmllige . cgn 16 a bench injun joe , a big silent indian of indeterminate age be play a game with feeb , a twitching adult caddy with just a hint of mental deficiency . they take turn bowl at wooden tee with a golf ball , betting on each roll . feeb ( to injun Joe ) do you have a dime for ten penny ? angie nmake fun of he ) hey , feeb ! what do you want a dime for when you get ten penny ? ten be more than one . feeb penny only work in the gumball machine . I want m & m's. joey ( join Angie ) here , feeb. I '11 give it to you . feeb hold out the penny to joey who slap he hand , scatter they all over the caddyshack . danny he turn to look and see the little d'annunzio 's bother feeb . danny {to tony ) you brother be animal . ( shout at they ) cut it out , moron ! feeb he 's on he knee look for he penny . injun joe here , feeb . here 's a dime . feeb thank you , injun Joe . he get off he knee , but Angie snatch he cap and toss it to joey . continued lnountmllige . cgn 17 continued feeb ( call plaintively ) Dan -- ny -- they get my hat again . danny ( step in ) give it back to he , joey . joey here . ( he toss it back to he brother } Angie ! Danny turn to Angie . angie you want it , noonan ? take it . Danny grab for he but joey jump on he back and they go down , knock over a gumball machine which break and send gumball roll all over the place . then Angie jump on Danny to help joey , but tony arrive and yank Angie to he foot , cuffing he sharply a couple of time . Danny get a good grip on Little joey 's neck and pastes he to the wall . younger caddy scurry around after the penny and gumball . injun Joe laugh . the door lou loomis , the caddymaster , enter . he 's a likable master sergeant type with a veneer of toughness to keep the caddy in line . Lou ( over the noise ) okay , break it up ! pipe down ! all of you ! Angie take on last wild swing at Danny but accidentally hit Lou on the arm . the caddy go suddenly quiet . Lou grab Angie and push he over to a sign on the wall . lou what 's the sign say ? angie no fight . lou what 's it mean ? continued lnountmllige . cgn continued 18 angie no fight . lou you owe I one gumball machine . now clean up that mess , ( Angie start to protest ) now ! oturn to Danny and tony ) what be this ? I count on you guy to keep this monkey in line . ( squinting at joey ) what 's that candy wrapper do there ? ( joey look down ) do not you see it ? well , pick it up ! joey pick it up . Lou address all the caddy . lou oturn to cow caddic ) now , I be not go to have any trouble from you guy this summer - . I will put it right on the line -- there 's be a lot of complaint already -- fool around on the course . bad language . smoke grass . poor caddy . ( the caddy hang they head in mock shame ) so if you want to get fire , just keep it up . somebody belch . Lou turn to jocy , hand he a kleenex for he blecdy nose . lou and another thing . if any of you be think of go to college -- noonan , you may want to listen to this -- Carl lipbaum die last week in summer school from a severe anxiety attack . the caddy mutter in surprise and sympathy . goofy I hear he swallow he vomit during a test . continued linountallige . cgh 19 continued - 2 lou however it happen , he be a good eaddy and a good kid . tony he be a brown nose , Lou . you hate he . lou anyway , that mean the caddy scholar - ship be available -- and anyone who want it should go see judge smail . motormouth and kiss he ass . lou that would help . now let 's go . we get golfer wait . the caddy start to file out the door . lou you , joey ! pick up that blcod . int , men' locker room a cloud of steam billow from the steam room as the door open . several portly member can be see through the mist . they lock like ancient Roman senator wrap in they sheet and towel . several other member stand or sit around the locker room , play card or change in and out of golf and tennis tog . jubge small a rich old fart and preside head of bushwood hold out a pair of golf shoe to smoke , the black locker room attendant . small ( irritably ) oh , westinghouse ! look at the build - up wax on this shoe . this be quality leather . I want the wax stripped , and I want they cream and buff with a soft chamois , and I want they now . chopchop . — smoke yes , you honor . smoke apply one shoe to a electric buffer . [ linountmllige cgm 20 dr . beeper beeper ( on the phone ) we be just about to tee off now so move all my appointment back a half hour . test now : ( he unhook a electronic beeper from he belt ) Three , two , one , test . ( he beeper go off ) check . smail he 's now in the middle of a joke . smatl ( bad jewish accent ) ».. and then we eat and eat , and screw and screw until we drop from exhaustion . l uvery day ! a fat old crony begin to giggle . smatl ocontinue } »+- and solly say , ' moe ! moc ! Heaven sound wonderful ! and the other jewish fellow say --- ty webb he 's sit behind another row of locker listen to the joke as he tie he shoe , smail {v.0 . ) Heaven ? what do you mean heaven ? judge smail he rise to the punchline , but ty beat he to it . ty ( v.o. ) ( shout , interrupt ) -+- I be a bull in Montana ! smail wince and look sharply at ty , who appear from the locker . [ linountmllige cgm 21 a old crony his pudgy the crony pink face jiggle as he laugh . old crony you have to hang it to the Jews -- they know how funny they be . another member you be not suggest we change we membership policy . put on a Bishop 's collar and close he locker . bishop oh , no . they have many fine club of they own . smail ( icily ) oh , hello webb . what would you shoot today ? ty I do not keep score , you honor . ty head for the exit and stop , block by beeper 's stretch - out phone cord . ty beep-beep . beeper jump and ty exit . smoke smatl ( shake head contemptucusly ) that fellow 's get a real chip on he shoulder too bad for he father . ( change mood ) say , Bishop , do you hear the one about the little color boy who --- he frown and press the judge 's golf shoe against the buffing wheel until the shoe begin to smoke and spark shoot out . then he look at the shoc and smile at the big burn patch on the toe . ext . the golf course the caddy troop up . the path to the first tee area . continued [ linountallige . cg 22 continued motormouth ( v.o0 . ) well , it 's a lovely day for looping here at the beautiful bushwood country Club . motormouth he hold a candy bar like a hand mike . goofy and Danny walk alongside . motormouth we have get about twenty - five looper all prime and ready to be assign they prospective loop by looper leader Lou loomis . and gee , they be a excited bunch of caddy -- all pump up to hump that fifty pound bag about five mile . right , Danny ? danny that 's right , mouth . it 's a grueling test of strength and ignorance . ext . the practice tee Danny approach the practice tee and see SAM riviera , the club 's golf pro , finish a lesson with mr . & mrs . havercamp . Sam be about forty , deeply tan and dress in pastel golf sweater and slack . the havercamp be a cheerfully senile old couple , dress in match outfit , who keep gamely try to hit they practice shot . they succeed only in gouging deep hole around they golf ball as they repeatedly swing and miss . SAM he watch with weary patience as the havercamp ineptly flail away . SAM okay , Mr. havercamp , try look . at the ball this time . Mrs. havercamp , you have get you clubface turn around again . the old man swing and gouge a huge divot . mrs . havercamp ( she giggle , swing and hit a short dribbler ) whee ! continued [ linountmllige cgm 23 continued Danny pick up they match baby - blue golf bag and approach the havercamp . danny Morning , Mr. havercamp , Mrs. havercamp . I be Danny . you be next up . mr . havercamp let 's go , dolly . I be hot today . the first tee mrs . havercamp be about to drive . mrs . havercamp ( wind up ) ready for blast -off ! whee ! she top the ball and it roll thirty foot down the fairway . mr . havercamp ( applaud ) that be a peach , hon ! SAM riviera he stand next to Danny watch Mr. havercamp . SAM ( shouting encouragement ) excellent ! ( to Danny ) good luck , noonan . this could be the longest eighteen hole ever play . the snack shop several table be fill with member have sandwich and beer . the counter maggie , a very cute , rosy ~ check irish girl in she early twenty . when she last customer exit , she turn to the freeze custard machine , take the bigger size sugar cone and dispense for hersclf a incredibly tall , very precarious softee freeze . she take a happy lick and spot Danny come off the ninth , lnountmllige . cgn 24 danny he trudge up to the snack shop completely exhaust , he shirt soak with sweat . maggie smile and signal covertly to he . Danny slip around to the back of the snack shop . the back door maggie come out and give he a free burger and a shake . danny hi , maggic . maggie hi . do not let the judge see you . ( Danny try to steal a kiss but she duck it ) not here . ( she hand he a pair of boy underpant ) you leave this last night when you run off . danny ( embrace she ) I have to babysit . you want to go out again tonight ? maggie out to my room ? look , Danny , I like you a lot , but let 's not make a regular thing out of it . we have get a good friendship go and I would like to keep it that way . besides , I get some bad news today . danny ( nibble she ear} what ? maggie ohug he tightly ) they will not renew my work permit . I have to go back to Ireland at the end of the summer . danny ( sincerely ) gee , that 's a drag , mag . continued linountallige . cgh 25 continued maggie I really want to stay . ( hint cheerfully ) if I be marry to a american , I could . danny mlaugh ) no problem . you could live in my roam ~- under the bed . maggie be not you go to college ? danny do not look like it -- unless I get the caddy scholarship . maggie you will get it . fteasing } and we will get marry -~ just for show , of course -- and I will be a stewardess for aer lingus and be flyin ' all over the place . now do not that sound like something ? tony he come around the corner of the snack shop . tony aer lingus ? I know she sister -- connie . maggie ( laugh ) you have get a smart mouth . tony that 's what connie tell I . Danny see Mr. havercamp look around for he . danny orush off ) I gotta go ! maggie fcall out ) come by later ! tony hey , maggie . the Immigration guy be lookin ' for you yesterday --- [ linountallige . cg 26 the fairway sandy macfiddish , bushwood 's Scottish greenskecpcr , be stand by he electric utility cart with he tartan tam in he hand , take order from judge smail . smail ( irate ) do you know what mole can do to a golf course ? sandy they must be tunnclin’ in from that construction site across the road . smail I do not care where they be come from . JI want every last mole extermianted or bushwood will start look for a new green - keeper . be that clear ? sandy very clear , sir . a mole it pop its head out of a hole and cock its head . then it hear a noise and duck back in . sandy he drag a thick water hose onto the fairway and stick the nozzle into the mole hole . eighteenth GREEN Danny come off the course really exhaust now , follow by the havercamp , indomitable despite have play the worst round of golf imaginable . danny ( hand they they scorecard ) I get 188 for you , sir , and 202 for you wife . mr tavercamp hold on a minute , son . I get 186 for I . well , let 's not make a ~ federal case out of it . this be for you -- and thanks . ( hand he a tip ) linountallige . cgh 27 danny's hand hold two shiny quarter . danny ( v.0 . ) ( disappointed ) thank you , sir . danny he trot wearily across a fairway lug both golf bag . he trip over Sandy 's water hose and fall flat on he face . the club spill out of the bag with a noisy clatter and two dozen golf ball go roll off in all direction . danny ( totally exasperate ) God damn son of a bitch ! his anger be cut short as he spot someone walk toward he . lacey Danny see lacey underall , a very beautiful girl , walk toward he in a short , very allure tennis skirt . she have slim , shapely leg , long , golden hair , a great tan and a cover - girl complexion . she 's carry a tennis racquet and with one smooth move , she bené slightly and scoops up one of the golf ball that roll away from Danny . lacey otoss the golf ball to Danny ) walk much ? danny ( stuff the club back into the bag ) oh , no . I just -- I be just rest . she smile and walk away with a toss of she curl . her walk be both sexy and athletic . she absently brushes a fly off the back of she thigh with she racquet . danny he gape at she and suddenly water come shoot up out of a dozen molehole , fall like rain on Danny . lnountmllige . cgn 28 the havercamp fhey stand look up at the sky , get completely drench . ext . the tennis court the tennis court be hide behind dense bush but the pock~pock of ball be hit can be hear as Danny saunter by . he nod casually to a pair of golfer as they pass , then as soon as they be go , Danny duck into the bush . danny we can hear the sound of youthful laughter as Danny peer through the hurricane fence at the tennis court . the tennis court lacey be play with three young club member . her partner be spaulding smail , a pudgy , truculent - look seventeen year old -- judge smail ' spoiled grandson . lacey hit a nice backhand , then wait for there turn , but spauld insist on take the next shot . spaulding I get it ! it 's mine ! lacey back off relucantly and watch spauld hit a lame forehand right into the net . spaulding shit ! ( blame lacey ) will you stay out of my way ! he fling he racquet in disgust . lacey Christ , spauld ! I hope you screw better than you play tennis . thetr opponent noble noye , a tomboyish girl with fuzzy red hair walk up to the net . noble hey , lacey , be you come to the dinner dance tonight ? continued linouvtallige cog 29 continued lacey will it be any good ? noble no. lacey ( walk back to the base line to serve ) you talk I into it . the bushes the tennis pro , a middle - age , red -face man wear white and a floppy tennis hat , walk by and see Danny 's ass stick out of the bush . ue put down the basket of practice ball he 's carry , wind up to swing with he racquet , and swat Danny hard on the backside . int '. club kitchen Danny come fly through the door into a maelstrom of activity . it 's all bang pot , and sizzling stove with food and people fly everywhere . he 's in a white jacket , carry a big tray of dirty dish . the cook charlie , the hungarian cook be scream at everyone as he carve a big roast with a huge butcher knife . charlie ( pound the knife ) this ! this ! ( chop a sponge in half ) that ! that ! ( wave he arm and the knife go fly out of he hand ) a busboy the huge knife stick in the wall just in front of he face . he drop two rack full of glass . lnountmllige . cgn 30 maggie she snag Danny and pull he through the swinging door . club dine room Danny and maggie bustle over to a service area and start load trays with ice water , roll and butter . Danny lock around the room and spot lacey . lacey underall she 's sit at a table with judge smail , he wife mrs . smail , a wagnerian dowager , spauld smail , the judge 's loathsome grandson , Dr. beeper and he wife , connie beeper who be obviously much too charming and attractive to be marry to a creep like Dr. beeper . lacey look great in a off-the-shoulder white cotton dress . judge smail be handle the introduction when Danny and maggie arrive with the bread and butter . judge smail oclasp lacey 's luscious shoulder} lacey underali , certainly you remember Dr. and constance beeper from hope sound last winter . lacey 's mother have send we she daughter for the summer . I think she 's be save for a real debutante ball . dr . beeper olecr obnoxiously ) of course . connie beeper we do meet . you wear that wonderful g-string bathing suit at the béach . the doctor here almost have a heart attack . dr . beeper that 's not funny , connie . connie beeper what bring you to . this backwater anyway ? lacey uh -- daddy want to broaden I . continued lnountmllige . cgn 31 continued connie beeper here ? good luck , doll . mrs . smail I think we community have a lot to offer , connie -- really . Danny have work he way around to lacey and be load up she plate with butter -- about a pound of it . lacey ( notice ) I think I have enough butter now . danny oh , sorry . ( back off ) if you need anything --- maggic drag he away . the bussing station Danny and maggie arrange bowl of salad on they trays . maggie ( burn ) be that why you show up tonight ? danny why ? maggie lacey underall . she 's the biggest whore in Philadelphia ... it 's all over the club . panny look at lacey with even great interest . the noise of a glass break startles he . another table in contrast to the smail ' table , this guest be have a rollick good time . it 's the fun couple : scott , gatsby and they foxy , tipsy wife , suki and wally . they be host a new face at bushwood , al czernak , a stocky , bald , cement block in a flame leisure suit . his voice be loud , he manner be deliberately offensive and he seem to really enjoy the company of this rich , young married . Danny arrive to clean up the break glass . continued linountallige . cg 32 continued al czernak «.. so when mona die suddenly last winter , I say to myself , ' Al , if you keep bustin ' you hump sixteen , twenty hour a day , you be gonna wind up with a sixty million buck funeral for yourself . ' he fart loudly ; Danny can not believe it . al czernak sorry -~ somebody step on a duck ? the fun couple laugh . al czernak so I -- ( catch maggie 's eye , grab she skirt ) hey , doll , could you scare up another round for we table -- and tell the cook this be low - grade dog food , okay ? and happy birthday . he slip a twenty into maggie 's hand . maggie ( delighted ) oh ! thank you . ( exit ) al czernak ( to pun couple ) gad , I have have better food at the ballgame . the fun couple break up again . Danny stare at Al , enjoy he outrageous antic . al czernak anyway , so now I just keep to real estate -~ I mean with the market this day , if you own anything but dirt , you own a popcorn fart . nootice Danny laugh behind he , slip he $ 5 ) hey , junior , ask we waitress if she want to get marry . [ linountmllige cgm 33 smail ' table the stiff all stare at czernak . only connie be amused . lacey be just bored . czernak Al notice judge smail stare coldly at he from the next table . al czfrnka ney , who 's the mummy ? ( wave ) hiya . he pretend to blow he nose in he loud tie ; smail ' jaw drop . the hungarian cook ( charlie ) - kitchen he scream , wide - eye , into the camera . charlie Dog food ?!! he grab he cleaver and head for the door . two assistant tackle the enraged alien , knock over a tower of freshly - wash pot , cause a tremendous din . chernak' table Al czernak 's table burst into loud applause at the crash and continue commotion behind the kitchen door . lacey Danny bobble a dish of ice cream at the sound of the tremendous crash in the kitchen and spill a few drop of hot fudge on lacey 's shoulder . lacey ow ! that 's hot ! close - up - lacey' shoulder a couple of drop of hot chocolate sauce run down lacey 's bare shoulder . [ linountmllige cgm 34 danny he stare , open-mouthed , reach into he pocket , pull out the underpant maggie give he earlicr , and start wiping lacey 's shoulder with they . lacey she stare at the underpant , then at Danny . Danny beat it . a band start play in the next room . int . club ballroom member and guest drift into the wood - panell lounge and ballroom area . a very boring , six ~ piece combo be play a bad Beatle tune at half - speed . the fun couple they stop at the edge of the the dance floor with Al czernak , watch the club member as they dance sedately . czernak ( loud ) yike -- dance of the live Dead ! the dance couple steer clear of czernak , afraid to get too close to he pink leisure wear . the bar handsome , slick tony d'annunzio be moonlight asa bartender . he make a elaborate show of mixing drink while he talk a mildly sarcastic stream of patter to the slightly deaf and nearly senile havercamp . tony so how be dinner , huh ? you each get a special bowl of mush ? ( pour they drink ) here you go -- two special extra - flat shirley temple straight up yours . to you health . Danny enter lug a bin of ice . tony {to Danny ) noonan ! do you see she , man ? continued [ linountmllige cgm 35 continued danny who ? tony ber ! the new one . lacey she stand against the wall listen to Dr. beeper as he fawn all over she . tony {v.o. ) twinkle -tit . slurp -slurp . the bar Danny be stare at lacey again . tony she 's the biggest whore on the East Coast . Danny look at she with even great intcrest . two young pre-deb come up to the bar . first girl I would like a g&t , please . second girl make it two . tony what ? two t&a 's ? you want to give I two t&a 's -- good . let 's have a drink first , okay ? then I will show you where the shark bit I . the girl giggle as tony mix they drink . one of they smile coyly at Danny . he smile back politely , but keep watch lacey . ty webb he wander into the ballroom look very suave in he hand - tailore evening wear . he light a cigarette and lean against the wall as he survey the action in the ballroom . lnountmllige . cgn 36 fun couple czernak and suki be dance on the fringe of the dance floor , try to make the most of a very dull situation . suki spot ty and dance czernak over to wally . suki hunky guy alert ! ty he wave at the fun couple , glad to see some people he like , and join they . wally ( hugging ty} hiya , beautiful . scott & gatsby ( clap he on the back ) hunka~hunka . suki meet somebody , ty. ( turn to czernak ) ty webb , this be Al czernak . ( to ty ) Al build we condo in Palm Beach . ty really ? you also build a new shopping mall in the middle of a bird sanctuary last year , . do not you ? al ( laugh ) yeah , and it be not easy , either . the audubon Society put I on they hit list . I be get obscene phone call from marlin Perkins . we have to relocate every godamn last grouse , crow and chickadee to a kid ' aviary next to the woolco . you should see it . ty ( ruefully ) T have . continued lnountmllige . cgn 37 continued czernak mlaugh ) it 's a regular birdshit factory . suki ( nudging ty ) head up . I think somebody 's give you the big eye . lacey she gaze steadily at ty over the top of she cocktail glass . ty he look back at she without waver . ty who be she ? czernak the best piece in town be my guess . gatsby no kid . wally oh , I do not believe it . she 's come over here . danny he stand at the kitchen door hold a tray of little cake and pastry , watch lacey as she cross the room toward ty webb . suddenly maggie burst through the door , bang it hard into Danny 's back and send the pastry fly off the tray . they both stoop to pick up the cake and pastry . ty he watch lacey as she come up to meet he . lacey hello . my name be lacey underall . I be seventeen and I be trouble . ty be amused and intrigue by she boldness . ty ty webb . I bet you be not as bad as you reputation . continued linouvtallige cog 38 continued lacey ( provocative ) better . will you dance with I ? ty sure . she take he hand and lead he to the dance floor . the fun couple make a big show of raise they eyebrow and elbow each other in the background . the bar tony be still hustling the two pre -deb . tony so what you girl gonna do when you grow up , huh ? Drop acid in France not even wear no top probably , an' then you burn out and marry some suit who 's into squash . I bet you be still into the Captain and tenille . '' ( the girl laugh ) let 's face it , girl , it 's bigger than both of you , if you know what I mean . czernak step up to the bar . czernak {to tony ) pal , can you make a bullshot ? tony can you make a shoe smell ? he start to mix the drink . czernak peel some bill off he huge wad and toss they on the bar . czernak funny . here , treat yourself to a real haircut . tony thanks ! thf dance floor lacey be come on to ty as they dance , but he manage to keep a little distance between they . continued [ linountallige . cg 39 continued lacey well , ty , what do you do for excitement around here ? ty I play a lot of golf . lacey golf ? Jesus , Nixon play golf . I bet you have get a lot of inter - esting storic about you ball landing in the road . ty what do you do , then ? lacey oh , I enjoy skinny ~ - ski , go to bullifight on acid ...hey , I bet you have get a lot of nice tie . ty what ? lacey would you like to tie I up with some of you tie , ty ? ty hey , I get a idea , let 's pretend we be human being . czernak he cross the dance floor greeting and goose people on he way to the bandstand . judge and mrs . smatl they be do a arthritic fox trot near the bandstand . czernak bump into they and lift he glass in a friendly toast , spilling half he drink on the floor . Mrs. smail glare at he as czernak mount the bandstand . mrs . smail ( to the judge ) who be that disgusting man ? judge smail ( scowling ) I think he 's a guest of the scott . [ linountallige cgm 40 the bandstand czernak tap the bandleader on the shoulder . he 's a aging Don ameche look - a- like in a very crummy tuxcdo . czernak ( slip he some bill ) listen , Ramon , there 's another Jackson in it for you if you can goose the old thermostat a little . the bandleader abruptly cut off the band in the middle of a number . bandleader gentlemen , number forty , please . czernak shower the band with bill . czernak and make it hot ! the danck fi.oor the band start blaring out a noisy disco number . most of the older couple leave the floor immediately , but a few try to keep up with the kid who be start to boogie . the fun couple be do a wild , drunken salsa . judge and Mrs. smail stand on the sideline glower at the fun couple . czernak dance up to they and grab Mrs. smail ' hand . czernak ( to the judge ) hey , give somebody else a chance , you lucky devil . he drag the reluctant matron onto the dance floor and propel she through a goofy John travolta imitation . czernak ( cheek to cheek with Mrs. smail ) oh , baby ! you must have be something before clectricity . the beeper connie be laugh at czernak 's crazy flcorshow . judge smail come storming up to they hold he wife 's coat . continued linountallige . cgh 41 continued judge ( to Doctor ) find out who invite that man -- and tell they never to do it again . smail he go out onto the dance floor and pries Mrs. smail away from czernak . smail ( to czernak} you be no gentleman ! czernak ( dance away ) I be no doorknob , either ? danny he 's watch ty talk to lacey at a table in the corner . tony grab he and start walk he to the bar . tony cover for I , noonan . I gotta go out for a minute . the two pre-deb they stand wait for tony at the door to the terrace . the bar Danny go behind the bar and find the Bishop wait for a drink . the bishop another Rob Roy , m'boy . Danny be so intent on lacey that he start ineptly improvise a drink for the Bishop -- grenadine , tequila and slivowitz . ty and lacey they stroll out of the ballroom arm in arm . [ linountmllige cgm a2 danny he toss the bar rag into the punch bowl and leave . the Bishop take a sip of he drink , gag and spit it out . ext . a sand trap ~ morning a explosion of sound rise , and a ball sail upward . a flagstick the ball hit the flag and almost drop in . ty he straighten and marvel at he shot . ty wow ! I be the best ! do you see that ? Danny back into frame rake the trap as ty step out . danny ( sullen ) no . Danny throw the rake and it bounce , almost hit ty. ty what 's the matter ? you get lazy ? . danny ( hearing lacey ) no -- you get she ? ty {not get the pun ) pardon I ? what be we talk about ? do you ever get that college thing settle ? danny I have get one more chance -- maybe I can win the caddy scholarship if I suck up to judge smail . continued [ linountallige cgm 43 continued ty ( take putter from bag ) okay , second lesson -- first , forget everything I tell you last time . ty drop some ball on the green . he turn to Danny and backhand putt perfectly , into the hole . ty never rush you swing , stay loose , do not press . ty casually tap two ball at once . into the hole . ty if you obsess on you desire you may clutch at the end like snec@ in the 79 Masters .... ty casually kick a ball right to the edge of the holc . danny miss . ty line up another ball between he leg . py in one model of the physical universe the shortest distance from one star to another can be in the opposite direction . ty tap the ball and it hop over the kick ball and into the cup . Danny blink . ty ocontinue } basho the Zen master once write , 'a flute without hole be not a flute ; a doughnut without a hole be a danish . ' ty sink a ball shoot between he leg . he fall to he hand and knee to line up he last ball . ty tf you need something from some - one , you should never appear to need it . — ( look up at Danny ) do not move , grasshopper . continued linountallige . cgh 44 continued ty ( cont would ) ( he use the club like a pool cuc , bounce the ball eff Danny 's shoe ) if you want to get what you want , you have to stop want it first . the ball head right for the hole and drop . Danny can not believe he eye . CUT to ext . bushwood parking lot a big yellow cadillac convertible roar up to the clubhouse entrance and lurch to a halt . the liccnse * plate read " '' czernak " . Al czernak get out wear a fluorescent pink shirt , orange slack and red and white , two - tone shoe . a little japanese businessman , mr . yamamoto , get out the other side dress in a business suit . the pro shop Sam riviera , the club pro be behind the counter wait on judge smail and he grandson , spauld . smatl Sam , spauld need some balis . ( he look in the display case ) how much be that new vulcan D - 10 with the high compression center ? Sam reach into the display case and take out a ball that come in its own velvet pouch . SAM Three dollar cach , you honor . judge ( hide he surprise ) uh-huh . and how much be this ? he reach into a goldfish bowl full of use ball . SAM they be forty cent each , sir . continued [ linountmllige cgm continued judge smail ( select some ball } that 's more like it . SAM ah , judge , that 's a Queen Royal . judge so ? spaulding it 's a lady ball ! judge smail drop it quickly and select another . judge this Ram - 2 look all right . the door czernak come barging in follow by yamamoto . czernak he beckon to Sam 's assistant , a twenty year old college type . czernak hey , kid ! I be Al czernak -- I be play with Drew Scott today and this be my guest , Mr. yamamoto . you can give I a half dozen of that vulcan D - 10' with the whole shmeer -- club , bag , shoe , glove , pants , shirt ~~ ( to yamamoto} you want one of that thing that tell you how far you walk ? Mr. yamamoto nod uncomprehendingly . SAM riviera his eye light up when he hear czernak 's order , and he practically run over to czernak , leave the judge alone . SAM ( very solicitious ) sorry , Mr. Czech ! I do not see you come in , sir . czernak owander around ) hey ! Orange ball ! gimme a coupla that -- and a box of that naked lady tee -- and one of that , and that -- stop I ! I be a nut . ( pick up a hat ) oh ! this be the worst look hat I ever see . continued linountallige . cgh 46 continued he try it om and turn to see smail wear the same hat . czernak ooops ! look good on you , though -- seriously . smail stalk out of the pro shop with spauld right behind he . a golf ball - extreme close - up the word " damaged " be stamp on the ball in big red letter . a putter tap the ball out of frame . practice GREEN spauld smail , the judge 's grandson , be practice put , cursing every time he miss . motormouth and goofy stop to watch . spaulding dammit ! the starting board Lou , the caddymaster , be chalking the name of the player on a board near the first tee . the caddy be wait for they assignment . Danny look nervous . lou okay , smail , smail , beeper and Bishop picker . who want it ? the caddy hoot derisively . danny ( a little embarrassed ) uh -- I will take smail if no one 's get he . the caddy ( sing -song ) Brown -nose , brown-nose . Danny give they the finger as he go off to caddy . ext . first tee - later the caddy be lazing around the fringe of the first tee area watch the smail team greet beeper and the Bishop . the Bishop 's golf shirt have a small white cross where the alligator should be . motormouth well , it 's quite a moment when two gruesome twosome like the beep and the bish tee off against the smail experience , right , tony ? tony look like noonan 's up to he neck in booger . continued [ linountmllige cgm 47 continued spauld take he driver from he golf bag , which be on a two - wheel golf cart , and tee up he ball . spaulding he swing and miss . his ball drop off the tee . spaulding turd ! ( tee up the ball again ) that be practice . smatl spauld ! how many time have T speak to you about you language ! spaulding sorry , grandpa . I forget . he swing again . danny and goofy they eye move to follow the flight of the ball , but quickly return to the tee with the ball sit on it . spaulding ( v.o. ) double-turd ! smail spauld ! goofy start to crack up , but Danny stifles he own laughter and turn around to hide he smile . al czernak he come up the little hill to the first tee talk at the top of he lung . yamamoto tag along in a bizarrely un - coordinate golf outfit with price tag still attach to everything . czernak so where do we tee off ? ( see Scott and gatsby and wave ) fella ! nsec the smail ' party ) we wait for this guy ? hey , smell ! Nice hat ! smail tee up he ball . small , bo you mind ? I be about to tee off . czernak I bet you slice into the wood . ( hold up a bill ) hundre buck . [ linountmllige cgm 48 continued the caddy watch the confrontation with rapt delight . smail turn to czernak , really indignant . small gambling be illegal at bushwood , sir . and I never slice . czernak ( winking ) oh , yeah , sure . smail snort and tee off , slice it right into the wood . the caddy be practically roll on the grass , try not to laugh out loud . czernak put the bill away . czernak okay , you can owe I . smail I owe you nothing ! he shake he head and stomp off down the fairway after the rest of he foursome , Danny and goofy shoulder the bag and follow . spauld trail after , pull he two - wheel golf cart . back at the first tee Lou announce the next foursome . lou ( check they off the start board ) Scott , gatsby , and guest . ( to the caddy ) joey , get the big mouth -- Grace , take the little guy -- tony , you get Scott and gatsby . joey he walk along the bag rack , look at each one until he come to a huge super deluxe model , fully twice as large as any normal golf bag . " czernak " be stencill on it in huge letter . tiny joey be dwarf by it as he drag it out of the rack , continued [ linountmllige cgm 49 continued the first tee Grace , the six - foot girl caddy , walk up to yamamoto with he bag . all he equipment still have price tag on it , too . she look down at he , he look up at she tower pulchritude and they both giggle amiably . joey cross to the tee , hobbling under the weight of czernak 's incredible bag as the caddy cheer and jeer at he . joey ( to czernak ) you want you driver ? czernak no , tell he to pick I up later . hah ! no , yeah , gimme it . Al pull the club out , remove its box glove cover and toss it to joey . then he tee up he ball . czernak ( to Scott and gatsby ) I be new at this game so you will have to go easy -- say , ten cent a hole ? scott Fine . czernak ( address the ball ) én ' Mr , moto and I will have a little side bet . ( to yamamoto ) a ten thousand dollar nassau with optional press and a one hundred bingo ~ bango ~~ no , bango , hai ? mr . yamamoto ( more interested in Grace ) Hai . the rough smail find he ball , look around , and toss it back onto the fairway . smail ( to Danny ) do not count that . I be interfered with . continued linountallige . cgh 50 continued danny yes , sir . smail ( lining up he next shot ) by the way , what do Mr. webb shoot this morning ? danny he do not keep score , sir . smail I know , but just guess -- eighty ? seventy -five ? danny more like sixty - eight , I think . smatl {really jealous ) bah ! I do not believe it ! czernak he drive off the first tee with no technique but with amazing power . smail he 's just about to swing when czernak 's ball bound into frame and strike he in the chest . he fall over . czernark he wave apologetically . czernak ( bellow ) fore ! his foursome start walk down the fairway . Joe struggle to keep ahead of they , he whole body hide by the enormous golf bag . joey ( turn around ) wha would 'ya get in here , anyway -- rock ? continued linountallige . cgh 51 continued czernak come on , when I be you age , IL use to lug fifty pound of ice up five , six flipht of stair . joey ( unimpress ) so what ? czernak so let 's dance . he reach over and switch on a radio build into he golf bag . a loud disco tune boom out over the course . judge smail he 's just about to hit when the loud music come wafting over the course . smatl now what in heaven ? {he turn and shake he fist at czernak in the distance ) that man be a menace . ( shout ) turn that off ! ( czernak wave back ) gad ! the judge hit a bag shot and stomp off after it . Danny walk alongside , take he club . smail that music be a violation of my personal privacy . he 's break the law . danny really ? I have always be very fascinate with the Law . smail oh ? what area ? danny all area . personal privacy law -- noise statute . I plan to go to Law School after T graduate , but now it look like I will not have enough money to go to college . continued [ linountallige . cg 52 continued smail ( coldly ) well , the world need ditch digger , too . Danny nod politely , then make a face behind smail ' back . the first GREEN - a little later the Bishop sink he putt as spauld line up a fifteen - footer , bishop ( to smail ) put I down for a five . goofy hold up eight finger behind the Bishop 's back for Danny to see . spaulding putt and miss . spaulding ~ Hell ! he quickly putt again and miss again . spaulding damn ! bishop ( admonish he ) easy , son . spaulding well , that caddy 's right in my line . {to Danny ) move over , stupid ! Danny move away slowly and watch , spauld miss again , pick up a " gimme " , and storm off the green . spaulding ( practically run Danny down ) get out of my way . ~ continued linouvtallige cog eee 53 continued danny's foot spauld 's cart wheel roll over Danny 's foot . danny he glower at spauld , shoulder the golf bag he 's carry and walk toward the second tee . chernak' foursome they march toward the first green . czernak be draw a beer from a tap build into he golf bag . he 's entertaining Scott and gatsby by jazzing the caddy , tony and joey . czernak you guy really know how to carry golf bag . this be consider skilled labor for italian , be not it ? what else can you do ? tony I know how to make a polack by rubbin ' two piece of shit together . czernak stop at he ball on the fringe of the green and take out a putter equip with a norden bombsight . czernak yeah ? well , I be hungarian ~- not Polish . tony then I need three . czernak line up he putt and adjust the bombsight . czernak ( remember tony ) hey ! the bartender ! you pour I a drink last night . tony I pour ya about thirty , sir . czernak ( laugh , tap he ball ) bomb away ! continued linouvtallige cog 54 continued the ball . curve toward the hole and drop . czernak boom ! ( as it drop ) : ( imitate big explosion ) the FOURTH tee smail gaze at a row of new ranch home across from the course , visible from the elevation of the tec . smatil you know , reverend , when we start bushwood , you could not see a single house from here . we call it a ' country club 's because it be in the country . now look ! they be almost on top of we . beeper and danny the Bishop tee off in the background . danny 1 think surgeon be like the fighter pilot of a hospital . beeper ( slip on he aviator sunglass ) hum . interesting analogy . danny it want to go to Medical School , but right now my parent 's can not afford to send I to college even . beeper wait ! I know a way a college - bound fellow could pick up some money fast . danny ( excited ) you do ? continued sl enquattaullioe . cokg 55 continued beeper yes ! my regular man be sick and L need someone to mow my lawn . Sunday morning . i'11 make it well worth you while . beeper walk off to the tee . Danny give he the finger behind he back . the third GREEN czernak spy the row of ranch house . czernak ( yell to he party ) hey ! look at all that house ! I bet they would love a great shopping mall right here ! condos over there -- ( he gesture ) -- plenty of parking . racquethall , adult twin theater -- a kiddie play - ground . we will make a fortune , believe I . y'know , country club and cemetery be the biggest waster of prime real estate . Dead people do not wanna be bury this day -- ecology , right ? an™ you know who belong to country club -- the newly wed and the nearly dead . smail he 's on the fourteenth fairway about to hit . Danny stand with the Bishop watch he . bishop I will tell you , son , my real love be work with young people like you down at we new youtheran Center . you ought to stop by some time . danny I have often think of enter the priesthood . bishop you be Catholic ? ( Danny nod ) oh well ... then you -- uh -- can not come . continued linouvtallige cog 56 continued seventeenth tee czernak , tony and joey be watch a cub 's baseball game on a five - inch tv screen build into czernak 's golf bag . Al be a little bushed , consequently relaxed and reflective . czernak ( reminisc ) -~ it use to steal a lot of stuff when J be a kid . turned out to be a good practice for the business world . grow up on the street be the best education you can get . ( see something on the fairway ) hey , look ! a groundhog ! a mole it streak across the fairway chase by a bizarre - look dog . Sandy , the groundskeeper , follow with a butterfly net . the mole dive into a hole just ahead of the snarling dog . tony he shout to Sandy . tony Sandy ! who 's the pooch ? sandy he stand by the hole as the dog dig frantically . sandy ( shouting ) it 's a Scottish molehound ! best damn rodent dog in the world . the mole pop out of another hole a few foot away . the dog leap at it as Sandy lunge with the net . he net the dog which go berserk , snarling and yapping in the net as the mole scurries away . etghteenth GREEN smail be just about to putt when he see the molehound in the distance , fight with the groundskeeper . continued [ linountallige cgm 57 continued small ( rattle ) what now ! the fairway czernak shout at smail as he locate he ball . czernak ( bellow ) hey , smell ! thousand buck you miss that putt . the GREEN smail have have it . . ne turn red and look up to see that a number of people have stop to watch he putt . besides Danny and goofy , Dr. beeper and the Bishop , a few other player and caddy who just finish be wait for he to putt , also , a few woman in tennis clothes on they way to the clubhouse patio have stop to watch . smail he concentrate , tap the ball , and miss . the spectator groan sympathetically . in a rage he hurl he putter . danny and gcooofy they eye follow the club as it sail over a tall hedgerow . a woman scream , and a crash be hear . the clubhouse patio - a moment laler judge smail be apologize to a startle crowd as Dr. rbeeper revive a stunne woman member , a umbrella table be tear . woman' husband ( angry ) well , if you do not throw it , how do it get here ? smail it slip out of my hand . continued linountallige . cgh 58 continued the Club manager richard richard run up . manager what seem to be the trouble ? husband he almost kill my wife with he club ! small it - be a accident -- it slip . danny ( step in ) I notice you grip be wear -- I should have mention it to you , sir . Sam could put some stick'em on then for you . smail ( to Danny - grateful ) good idea . next time be more careful . ( to angry husband ) I be really terribly sorry about this -- I will sign for you lunch , all right ? ( to manager ) and I will sign for the umbrella . . manager oh no , judge -- if it be a accident -~ no need . judge Fine . ( signal waiter ) a double scotch - and -soda over there . ( to Danny ) Danny , come over to the table and I will sign you card . a table - a little later Danny stand by as smail sign he card . Danny know he 's onto something . smail thanks for you help back there . you be a fine caddy and that 's something to be proud of . say , do you know that we be award another caddy Scholarship this year ? continued linouvtallige cog 59 continued _ danny yes , I have hear something about it , but my grade in high school be not actually that outstanding . smail there be more important thing than grade , son . you just turn in a application and let I take care of the rest . che get up ) by the way , I be launching my new sloop at the yacht Club Sunday afternoon . a lot of the young people will be there . why do not you join we ? danny that sound great , sir . thank you . judge ( g00 d - humor ) and you tell ty webb that I be gun for he . if he 's that good , I want to see it . int . the locker room smoke be vacuume the rug when spauld approach he . smoke turn off the machine . spaulding ( confidentially ) uh -- westinghouse , do you know where I could get any -- stuff ? smoke ( look around ) well , master spauld , I might be able to get some fine bongolese later to day for seventy - five . spaulding seventy -five ! smoke ( shrug ) it 's the best . spauld reluctantly hand smake the cash and split . continued linountallige . cgh 60 int . campus shoppe Danny browse around a exclusive habadashery and stop to admire a elegant ivy League suit on a mannequin . a salesman apperas at he shoulder and note Danny 's fade jeans and batter jacket salesman ( icily ) be there something you want ? danny ( feign disinterest ) no. ( disdainfully finger the suit material ) not be this be the best you have get . salesman ( suddenly obsequious ) of course not , sir ! if you will just come with I and slip off you -- uh -- jacket . dissolve to ext . campus shoppe ~ later Danny come out with several bag and box . ext . club maintenance garage the two -story convert stable have the feel of a 18th century English farm -- grasscut equipment , gardening tool and pile of mulch litter the courtyard . a pot shed be just opposite . smoke he 's pull dead , dry weed out of the ground and stuff they into a plastic baggie . he slip away as Danny come walk across the yard carry a golf bag . danny he stop and turn at the sound of a voice . maggie ( v.o. ) ( call musically ) oh Danny boy -- he look up . continued lon outallige com 61 continued maggie she 's lean over the railing of a balcony in she uniform smile down at he . you can see right up she skirt . maggte can I give you a hand with you bag ? danny danny . ( smile ) hi mag. maggie oh , so it 's mag now ? ( sing ) Mary Margaret mag the hag , another bag ? danny ( laugh ) cut it out . i can see up you dress . maggie ( naughty ) I know . come on up . Danny look around nervously , then trot up the stair . CUT to int . maggie' bedroom maggie lie seductively on the bed in she wmiform and white shoe . her room be simple but tidy and charming . photo of home and family occupy place of honor atop she desk and dresser along with a major stand crucifix , a blow dryer and a glass snowball souvenir from disneyworld . Danny sit down on the bed and they kiss . maggie how 's you little friend ? danny ( unbuttone she uniform ) who ? continued [ linountallige cgm 62 continued maggie start to pull he T-shirt off but deliberately get it stick over he head , pin he arm . maggie ( enjoy make he struggle ) lacey overall -- the girl with the enormous appetite for butter . Danny yank on he shirt and tear it nearly in half . danny she 's not my friend . it 's the judge I be after . maggte ( rueful ) oh , that one . when I get home I be go to send he a letter bomb . danny ( weakly ) he 's really not that bad , y'know . maggie ( pull back ) you traitor ! tony d'annunzio need money worse than you do but he would never go oiling up to the judge like that . danny yeah , well tony do not want to go to college . he do not even want to go to grade school . maggie that do not make you better than he . they lie together in silence for a moment . danny who tell you lacey 's a whore ? maggie shove he off the bed . ext . danny's house - early sunday morning a 62 ' chevy stationwagon with rusting fake wood panell be park in the driveway . Church bell be ringing all around the neighborhood , all the noonan kid come run out the side door of the house dress for church . they pile into the wagon , fight for good scat , jump in and out of the window like a barrel of monkey . continued linouvtallige cog 63 continued Mrs. noonan come out last in she best Sunday outfit , include white glove and hat with veil . she take she accustom place in the front seat . panny close the door for she then run around to the driver 's seat . he back out of the driveway fast and speed off down the street . int . the car : : mrs . noonan Danny , do not drive so fast , dear . Andy , honey , do not pick that . it will fall off by itself . int , the wagon Mrs. noonan be about to get out , but stop . Danny be desperate to get go . mrs . noonan ( to Danny ) it would not kill you to go to mass , you know . danny I go last night ! they have a special midnight mass for people with summer job . mrs . noonan yeah -- I bet ! danny I gotta deliver papers , I gotta mow beeper 's lawn and I be -- . mrs . noonan ~- go to a party at the yacht Club . i know . hooray for you . remind you father to pick we up after mass , all right ? danny you tell I a thousand time ! mrs . noonan ( get out ) and you will still forget . she close the door and nanny peel away . ext , noonan garage ~- a little later Danny and Andy be load the wagon with heavy stack of fat Sunday papers . vnowitmlige . com continued 64 continued andy ( reluctant ) we gotta tie ‘em better ! danny I do not have time . let 's go . he jump behind the wheel . back door Mr. noonan come out carry he golf bag on a cart , golf shoe and a bag lunch . he 's dress to play golf , took snazzier and happier than we have see he . the car speed off down the driveway . mr. noonan ( see he tran - portation disappear ) hey ! ext . a suburban STREET the chevy wagon speed down the street . Andy whip papers out of the open tailgate . a front door on the STREET a man in a bathrobe open he front door to get he newspaper . he look at he own lawn in shock , then turn and look up the street . the STREET the front lawn on both side be almost cover with a mess of papers swirl in the summer breeze . a dog chase the chevy wagon as it squeal around the corner and disappear . dr . beeper' matlbox the mailbox be a beautiful replica of a country home with the name '' beeper , M.D. ' ' paint neatly on it , dr . beeper' lawn it 's easily seven roll acre of carefully landscape lawn , garden , fountain , statuary and topiary . the grass be a foot high . a very small , rusty , push - mower stand unattend — lenouytallige . cgh continued 65 continued in the middle of the vast , uncut expanse . a mechanical roar be hear approach . dr . beeper' mailbox it begin to vibrate as a monstrous machine pass . the greenskeeper's tractor-mower Danny sit atop the mechanical monster we see on the golf course and steer it up beeper 's driveway . we manhandle the thing onto the spacious lawn and cut the grass with incredible efficiency , do the whole job in one sweeping circuit of the grounds . danny he turn around to admire the wonderful job he 's do when suddenly he 's clothesline by a line of laundry that catch he by the neck and pull he off the mower . a black maid run out of the house yell at he . the mower Danny and the maid watch in horror as the unattend mower run over a carefully sculpt hedge and chop it up like a vegematic . next door beeper 's neighbor be have a elegant lawn party . suddenly , they hear the roar of a motor and turn to see the mower eat its way through a tall thick hedge and right into they yard . the guest run scream as the mower run right over a load buffet table send up a shower of chop cold cut . then it run over a bed of carefully plant tulip and exit the yard by eat through the hedge on the other side . the guest look after it stunne as Danny come through the new open from keeper 's yard . he trot through the debris , bow politely to everyone and disappear through the newly cut exit on the other side . a gas station - a little later Danny 's stationwagon pull up to the pump . he jump out , sweat and nervous , shout something to the gas station attendant and dash into the Men 's room carry a dop kit and the box from the campus shoppe . sowitallioe . cor continued 66 continued ext . men' room door - five minute later Danny exit the grungy Men 's room look like the Prince of whale in a blazer , white pants , shoe and ascot . he sport a whie yachting cap . he give the amaze attendant a dollar and drive off . a sign great lake yacht club member only yacht club parking lot Danny drive into the lot and look around at the expensive mercede , cadillac and shine sport car park in the lot . Danny start to back out when a red-jackete parking attendant jog over , stare at the smcking heap . he try to open the door for Danny , but the handle come off in he hand . danny it 's a classic . my father 's have it restore for he collection . int . the yacht club Danny enter a large beam room decorate with real ship ' bull , model and pennant . a local rock band be play " more " amidst a crowd of madra and cranberry pants type . Danny look around uncomfortably . lacey she and she friend be dance , all dress very casually in a variety of t-shirt , jeans and cut-off . lacey be dance with a long-haire suburban freak , they all turn and stare at Danny , stand stiffly at the entrance . noble he look like Dick cavett . they all giggle and smirk , danny he pull he yachting cap down over he eye and shrink off toward the bar . some unkind wolf whistle and applause be hear from the young rich set . Danny reach for a glass of white wine on a tray , but a hand clamp down on he shoulder , scare he so mu '' omb WA tall ice cabg °° of wine . pawent ren 67 continued - dr , beeper and danny beeper have he creepy hand on Danny 's shoulder . dr . beeper hello , son . how would it go ? danny uh -- the lawn look great . ( beeper 's beeper beep ; a ship 's whistle be hear ) mrs . smail she stand in front of the band , shushing they . she blow a gold bosun 's pipe strung around she neck . mrs . smail all right , child , we be launching the sloop now -~ you can shake you booty down on the dock . the young people groan . mrs . smail go on , scamper ! ( clap hand ) danny and beeper Danny 's stand around nervously . he turn to leave , only to encounter Noble noye and spauld smail . smail III ahoy , polloi . hey , noonan , whadja just come from -- a scotch ad ? danny eat it . mrs . small walk by and stop . mrs . smail my , what a nice - look young man ! you be from bushwood , be not you ? spaulding he 's not a member -- he 's a caddy , gramma , continued lnountmllige . cgn 68 continued danny ( quickly ) judge smail invite I yesterday at the Club . mrs . smail oh yes , the boy who want to be in the Senate . too bad more of you generation do not follow you example , young man -- ( to spauld ) you look like boogy ! now scamper ! they leave . Danny stand there for a uncomfortable moment with Mrs. smail . danny ( gulp , offer she he arm ) May I escort you out , mar 'am ? Mrs. smail gasp with delight and take he arm . mrs . smail you be a nice young man ! Danny pull he cap even lower over he eye and start to walk out with she . judge smail appear dress just like Danny . chuck shick , a athletic young man , be with he . smail ( exuberant ) hold on , son ! try to make time with my best girl ? Danny look at Mrs. smail and manage a sickly smile . danny thank you for invite I , sir . smail have you meet Chuck shick , Danny ? Chuck be clerk for I this summer until he pass the bar . ( they shake hand ) Danny 's go to Law School , too , Chuck . chuck really ? you go to Harvard ? danny ( quietly ) St. copious . chuck where ? rouatallige coke continued 69 continued danny St. copious of Northern nebraska . they have a excellent golf program --~- smail ( to Danny ) speak of golf , . I have do some check up on you , son . TI hear you be quite a golfer yourself . Danny win we caddy tournament two year in a row . gonna win it again this year , Senator ? the wink ) danny I be go to try , sir . smail that 's the spirit . see you on deck . smail salute Danny and walk off with Chuck and Mrs. smail . lacey walk up to Danny with she hairy friend , terry . lacey hey , cary grant -- want to get high ? danny what ? terry ( annoyed ) hey , I only get a little . lacey then fart off , okay , Terry ? Terry split angrily . lacey smirk at Danny 's outfit . danny I guess I be a little overdress . lacey ( shrug ) it depend on what 's underneath . danny what ? she sigh and pull he toward the door . lacey c'mon . continued [ linountallige . cg 70 continued ext , the marina most of the boat be out on the lake , but a few beautiful yacht be still in they slip . judge smail ' sloop the judge be peevishly supervise two dock worker . they be finish the slip-rails under the hull of smail ' new thirty - foot racing sloop , the bluebird . some member watch with mild interest . smail Lovely day for a launch , be not it ? easy ! easy ! shoe off if you be come aboard . the shore spaudle , Noble and Terry lounge on the shore pass a large joint . spaulding do you see that kid ? ( pass a joint ) he 's not even a member . terry he try to do my blow . noble hey , this remind I a little of the bosphorous . mummy take we last year when daddy flip out . spaudling no one go there anymore -- it 's be totally ruin by rich Americans . Europe 's be ruin for year ... terry they ruin Morocco , man . no one go there anymore -- too many plastic hippie . noble ( inspect joint and cough ) hey , what kind of shit be this ? spaulding it 's the best , man . get it from a negro . it come on slow -- you be probably so high already you do not even know it . continued [ onouttalligecgrmg == ts '' 71 continued terry and noble really . mrs . smatl she blow she whistle and beckon the guest to gather on the float dock near the sloop . mrs . smatl all right , everybody ! it 's time ! she take a champagne bottle as the judge prepare a little speech from the boat . polite applause . judge smail thank you , everyone -- it 's be many year and , frankly , many dollar to reach this point -- ( polite laughter ) danny and lacey she 's sit next to he on a cushion lounge on the patio , _ read he palm . Danny have now shed he blazer and roll up he sleeve , . lacey ..- and this be you fate line . you look like you be go to make a lot of money when you be older --- danny ( interested ) oh yeah ? when ? how ? lacey qlook closer ) not for a few year yet -- could be either the market or a game show . and this be you saliva line ... ( she lick he hand slowly ) danny what do that tell ? she continue to lick he wrist and up he arm , Danny almost swoon , . lacey how hot I can get you . they kiss . continued lnountmllige . cgn 72 continued the sloop ~ same time Mrs. smail wind up with a champagne bottle . mrs . smail I hereby christen thee ' the bluebird . ' she smashes she champagne bottle down . and break the bowsprit off the boat without break the bottle . the boat begin to slide into the water . smatl ( aghast ) pookie ! a huge pair of binoculars a familiar voice boom above a loud roar , blaring music and laughter . czernak ( v.0 . ) it 's my buddy ! chernak' Pov through binoculars - judge smail he can see smail gesticulate wildly as he sloop slide into the water . czernak ( v.0 . ) ( yell order ) hard right turn ! all ahead all the engine ! go over there ! CUT to danny and lacey - same time lacey be rub the back of Danny 's neck , touch he nose with hers lightly . lacey do you like I ? danny ( weak ) oh , yes . lacey more than be a Senator ? danny oh , yes . continued [ linountmllige cgm 73 continued lacey then say it . danny I like you more than be in the Senate . the sloop - same time the sloop dock off shore with smail aboard . the guest remove they shoe and follow the small boat along the two float dock , giggle drunkenly . smail ( hold he bowsprit ) God damnit ! where 's the first mate ? somebody get a bottle of glue ! danny and lacey - same time she 's draw it out , tcasing . lacey more than be President of the world ? danny more than be President of the world . lacey wow . she lean over to kiss Danny 's tremble lip . suddenly there be a huge gronnk of note that sound like a ice cream truck for dinosaur . they turn to the camera , interrupt the kiss . lacey let 's get out of here . she take he hand and lead he off . chernak' boat ~ low shot the enormous hull roar by the camera . the whole boat have be " customize " with chrome horn , lame life ring , futuristic radar and a snarling " fly tiger ' face paint on the prow . we read the name , ' thunderball ii " on the side as its entire length roar by , throw up a huge wake . czernak he 's on the bridge in a loud Hawaiian shirt , now at the wheel of he 110 - foot power pleasure cruiser . White - jackete servant tend to the fun couple and other guest , include bikini - continued linouvtallige cog 74 v continued clad cuty . they drink and wave to the yacht Club partier . loud music . czernak ( through bullhorn ) hey , smail ! my dinghy 's bigger than you whole boat ! ha ha ha ! smatl he wave off czernak 's enormous craft . smatl go away ! go away ! heave off ! czernak struggle with the wheel . czernak ( through bullhorn ) save I a parking place . I be comin ' in ! pp & pp he hit a horn that blare out " Mary have a Little Lamb " . ext . parking lot lacey pet into a mercede 450sl . Danny gawk at the car . lacey would you rather take you car ? Danny 's chevy wagon be right behind she . danny ( reach ) no -- my back speaker be out . the marina czernak 's giant vessel slam into the small harbor , sideswipe a bell buoy , snap a line of float and snage the line of a dockside fisherman , yanking he into the water . a SMALL rowboat terrify people leap from the craft as czernak 's bow slice it neatly in half . czernak he spin the wheel in both direction , oblivious . lnouvtallige . com continued 75 continued czernak okay , let 's back ‘er up . ( look around ) where 's the rearview mirror ? chernak' boat it 's bang into boat on every side like a bull in a china shop , and steam right into the yacht Club dock . the yacht club dock pile shoe begin to fall in the water as the guest try to balance on the bob , teeter platform and slide into the water shriek . a middle - aged woman my hair ! my hair ! smail he look up in terror at czernak 's loom hull . small ( furious ) stop ! czernak lean over the bridge and wave at smail . czernak oaky ! Drop anchor ! suddenly , czernak 's huge anchor crash down through the deck of smail 's boat . it start to sink with smail aboard look like the Captain of the Titanic . lacey' car - later she 's drive incredibly fast down wind country road . lacey you scared ? danny ( exhilated ) yeah lacey I , too ! ext . thick wood ~ later Danny and lacey be pick they way through lovely , dark wood . afternoon sunlight be filter through the tree . continued [ linountallige cgm 76 continued butterfly flutter around brightly - color wildflower and delicate fern . lacey wanna do some real mda ? danny pardon I ? lacey mda -- if get it from a guy I know in medical school . go ahead . danny ( take a pill ) you sure this be okay ? lacey oh , it 's all bad for you . Danny gag in mid-swallow . lacey see a deer and touch Danny 's hand to still he . lacey ( whisper ) wow -~ a deer ! fade to a bubbling brook by a tiny waterfall - minute later Danny and lacey be dabbling they foot in the cool water in dapple sunlight . they stare intently at the water . a frog be croaking . danny ( awed ) it look like a painting . lacey monet. danny right . him definitely . cpoint ) look ! a beautiful dragonfly hover . and skip above the water . lacey it look like jewelry that 's alive , danny uh-huh . she lean on Danny . lnokatamasoe . com " continued 77 continued lacey it 's nice here . it remind I of the Black Forest . danny yeah . close - up - there feet in water lacey 's foot become entangle with Danny 's . danny it 's like a dream . danny and lacey fall over in a embrace . a bullfrog croak grandly . a beautiful musical theme begin . they tug at each other 's clothes . a turtle slide into the water . the bull - frog jump away with a croak . montage - danny and lacey there follow a montage of soft -focus , non - explicit lovemake . both Danny and lacey look really space . end theme music . fade to a mourning dove hop on a branch , give a low , coo note . danny and lacey lie in each other 's arm , spend . lacey 's eye be close ; Danny stare straight up as the dove coo . danny lacey ? lacey ( smile , eye close ) um-hmm ? danny ( with difficulty ) I want you to know that just because of this you do not have to stop see other people . lacey say nothing , then , little by little , she begin to break into slight tremor , then giggle , then uproarious laughter . danny why be you laugh ? ornowytallige com continued 77 continued lacey oh , nothing -- really . danny ( half serious now ) what 's so funny ? lacey begin to giggle again . danny he begin dress , suddenly embarrassed by he nakedness . lacey , still giggle , tickle Danny 's foot and he start with surprise and giggle a little too . cuT to danny and lacey run through the wood . they look extremely happy . danny's happy face he close he eye as he run . danny's Pov Tree branch and bird whiz by as he run . a flash of the turtle . close - up ~ danny he open he eye , laugh puazzledly . he close they again . danny's technically alter Pov another travel flash and a bird image , only he seem to be rise through the branch . he burst through the tree and rise into the air like a bird . cuUT to the eleventh hole Danny and lacey burst through the tree line and gambol onto the fairway . Danny stop in mid-gambol shocked at what he see . CUT to the snack shop a bunch of caddy and a few member have be watch they frolick , the caddy applaud wildly and whistle . maggie stare at Danny from behind th2 counter , shake she head in disappointment and 's go back ..cto a conversation with tony . — lnouptamalige cos continued joey ( squish the foamy ballwasher machine ) hey , Danny , you find you ball okay ? the caddy laugh . fade to int . smail house it 's a spacious main floor furnish with real baronial overkill , expensive but depress . a maid go to open the front door just as judge smail enter , still drip wet and furious . lie stalk down the hail mutter to himself . the may follow a step behind he , mop up the wet footprint . he turn and go upstairs . int , upstair hali . smail march down the long hallway and barge through the door into he bedroom . int . the master bedroom the door fly open and smail enter . danny and lacey she 's lie nude in smail ' bed , she head in Danny 's lap . he 's wear smail dress gown , drink he best cognac , smoking a Havana cigar . they both turn to the door in surprise . smail llis eye go wide , he face turn bright red and he mouth go up and down but no sound come out . he grab a golf club lean up against the wall and charge at Danny . Danny drop the cognac and cigar and grab for he under - pants . smail swing at he with the golf club but Danny dodge and smail wipe out a shelf of he own golf trophy . Danny bound across the bed try to put on he underpant as he run . smail swing again but Danny catch he foot in he underwear and fall . smail club whizze over he head and knock out one of the column of he four-poster . the canopy fall down on lacey and the judge . Danny go hopping across the room still hobble by he jockey short and escape into the bathroom . int . the batiiroom he lock the door behind he , panting hard . as he bend to linouvtallige cog continite 79 continued pull up he short he suddenly become aware of something . the shower be run and a huge silhouette be splash and scrubbing behind it . suddenly , Mrs. smail hand emerge from the shower hold out a long , tubular abrasive sponge . mrs . smail elihu ? will you loofah my stretchmark ? Danny do a croupy imitation of the judge . danny ( more cough than talk ) hrum , hrrump ! smail start beat down the door with he club . mrs . smail in the shower , wear goggle , funny shower cap and facial mud pie . she realize something be wrong and slide open the shower door , revealing ... danny's face the sight of Mrs. smail naked be a memory he will have to live with forever . he spring to the connect door and flce through she bedroom as smail finally break into the bathroom from the other side . MAIN floor entrance hall the Bishop and three dowager arrive from the yacht club . bishop what a afternoon ! be we still have tea ? upstair tallway Danny come run out of Mrs. smail bedroom . the maid be still mop the marble floor , talk to a butler hold a tea service on a tray . Danny run by almost knock over the butler who spin like a top but keep the tea service from fall . Danny do a perfect stand - up slide on the wet floor that carry he all the way to the backstair at the end of the hall . the butler smail go fly past he , force the butler to spin the other way to keep the tea set balanced on the tray . continued linouvtallige cog 80 continued small he hit the wet part of the floor and slip , slide all the way down the hall on he back and fall down the stairwell at the other end . the butler he shake he head as he re-balance he tray , take one sten and practically backflip om the wet floor . the tea tray go fly over the railing of the main stairwell . the bishop and the dowager the tea service come crash down from upstairs in a hail of china and polished silver . a dowager that must be the tea . ext , - smail house Danny fly out the back door just as lacey appear at a upstairs window . she toss down he shirt , nant and shoe . danny ( run away ) t'1l call you ! lacey no not ! ( laugh ) of not club bulletin board it read : caddy day in big letter at the top of the board . just below it : " all club facility OPEN to caddte and staff .'' pull back to reveal smoke in two - tone shoe , ice cream suit , red tie and panama hat . he strut out of the clubhouse . ext , club entrance Danny and goofy ride up on they bike with wear canvas golf bag over they shoulder . they vass other caddy on foot , some with club , some with tennis racket , other with towel and swimsuit . ext . tennis court Angie , motormouth , Grace and injun joe , a big red-face sioux , be play chaotic double in motley tennis outfit . continued 7 linountallige . cgh continued 81 ext . caddysiack maggie appraoch the caddyshack , see no one around and go in . int . caddyshack the room be dark except for the light on the coke machine . maggie look around trepidatiously . maggie Danny ? she hear a noise and turn around . danny he 's lie on a bench in the corner , hide in the shadow . danny ( sit up ) hi , mag . maggie open the shutter on one window and light flood in . Danny rub he eye as maggie cross to he and sit down . maggie I have not see you for day . danny I be in trouble . maggie I , too . I be late . danny late for what ? maggie for not be pregnant . danny oh -- oh god. maggie ( quickly ) but I do not hold you responsible , it 's my problem and I can handle it . but I think you should know about it . ( she cry ) danny ( put he arm around she ) I can not let you go through this alone --- whatever happen . maggie I be go to have it . I have already decide . crvammppaoe joe cor 82 continued danny well , that 's it then . we will get marry . maggie you do not have to --- danny I know but I want to . maggie no , you do not . danny yes , I doa . maggie I do not want to get marry , Danny . * danny you be just say that . maggie ( lose patience ) Danny ! it might not be yours ! Danny look shocked , then suspicious . danny I know you be lie . maggie ( exasperate ) I be not lie , Danny . there 's someone else . Danny look at she closely . danny ( still skeptical ) you gonna marry hin ? maggie no. % Z '11 do this alone . danny ( hug she ) I know you be make this up about another guy so I will not have to feel guilty . maggie ( irk ) I be not make it up ! danny ( sincere ) ... but I be go to marry you . continued linouvtallige cog 83 continued maggie ( storming out ) I do not want to marry you ! Danny sit there alone shaking he head . Lou the caddymaster step out of he office . he hear it all . lou ( kindly ) you be a good egg , noonan . she need you . ( pause ) pick up that kleenex . ext . the eighteenth GREEN a small gallery be watch tony take practice swing about fifteen yard from the green . a cigarette dangle negligently from he lip and he use the nine iron like a sicilian assassin use a knife , a crude banner read -- " 35th annjal caddy tournament . " ' danny about thirty yard farher from the green , Danny close he eye for a moment to concentrate , then hit a awful flubber that land on the clubhouse roof and roll down into a rain gutter . Danny look over at the gallery . the gallery Mr. noonan scowl at Danny . tony he smile at Danny then get set to hit . he stab he ball and it arch right for the pin . the GREEN his ball hit a foot past the pin and one-hop right into the hole . the gallery cheer and joey come run up with a big gold trophy hold high over he head . tony take he win with superb greaser elegance . Danny walk off sullenly without congratulate he . ext . parking lot - later Mr. noonan be get into the station wagon , Danny stand by the car , depressed . continued linouvtallige cog continued 84 mr . noonan ( irate , in the driver 's seat ) who the hell play golf with they eye close , anyway ! danny ( mutter defensively ) I be be the ball . mr . noonan my son the golf ball ! I be get a little worried about you , buster . he drive off in a cloud of blue exhaust . ext . the swimming pool - later two kide be pull the arm of a spiderman stretchable doll . other child be play in the shallow end of the pool . it 's hot and the sun be beat down . a portable radio be play classical music . young mother and a few old retiree be sun themselves on cushion lounge chair . spaulding he walk to the edge of the pool in swim fin and put on a nose plug , goggle and a snorkel . a toy sailboat buzze through the water pursue by giggle toddler in swim ring . spauld jump into the pool smash the toy boat . the kid scream . lifeguard tower glenn , the lifeguard , be shave he leg . he see the commotion and blow he whistle . young mother they look up from they paperback as approach DISCO music drown out the classical radio station . tony and the caddy they march into the pool area with a triumphant tony lead they , joey beside he with the trophy , disco music pound from a portable radio . the caddy race to the pool . goofy let 's get wet ! he try to vault over a lounge chair as he dive for the water , but catch he foot in it . the chair go into the water with he . lnountmllige . cgn contintiea 85 continued tony he drop he roll - up towel and he comb on a vacant chair and strip off he T-shirt , revealing lot of muscle and he '' caddy tan " : he arm , neck and face be very dark , but he chest and upper arm be very pale . the other caddy all have the same kind of tan . young mother she lift she sunglass and sniff disapproval . the pool the caddic splash happily in the pool , do cannonballs , front flip and jack knife , scream . _ tony dive in and surface . goofy you better wear a bathin ' cap , tony , ' cause we do not want no oil slick . the caddy laugh . tony grab goofy and shove he head under water . tony hey , goofy , let 's see if you can stay under water for the rest of you life . grace she tuck she hair in she bathing cap as she walk by the pool . her gawky , skinny elegance be emphasize by she tank suit and bathing cap . joey hey ! goony bird ! tony ( still drown goofy ) goony , you wanna get marry ? grace my name be Grace ! tony hail bathing suit , full of Grace ! she mount the low board . motormouth ( announcer ) and now for the talent part of the competition . — ( inouitallioe . cokg 86 continued Grace , flustered , slip and make a incredibly clumsy swan dive . grace ( in mid-flight ) shut up ! tony and goofy goofy fight he way to the surface . goofy ( gulp ) this be not funny ! he go back down . joey and grace joey swim alongside Grace , mimick she long - limb stroke . joey hey , bigfoot -- do not trip inna water ! grace ( feed up ) that 's itl Grace dive down , come up with joey 's boxer short , and jump out of the pool . joey scramble out bareass and chase Grace around the pool . joey ( scream ) gimme it , goon ! gimme it ! lifeguard he see joey and yell at he , the razor still in he hand . lifeguard ( shout ) you get you suit on ! joey you shave you ass ! cuUT to nasty mother she 's shocked at the rise commotion . ' the lifeguard be blow he whistle insanely as the caddy play " keenaway " with joey 's bathing suit . goofy , now hysterical , be scream [ linountallige cgm a 87 continued and claw at tony , try to pull he head out of the water . spauld come snorkeling past Angie who stick he finger in the snorkel . spauld come up gasp for air . injun joe float serenely in the pool . a bratty kid give he a dirty look . injun joe ( war-hoop ) yah -hah -weh-hen ! hoop -hoop ! the kid yell in fright . lacey beautifully tan , wear a tiny black bikini , she come out of the woman 's locker room and walk the length of the nool . the commotion cease as the caddic spot she . tony he sit on the edge of the pool , dangle he foot in the water , watch lacey , who be reflect in he mirrore sunglass . danny he 's sit unnotice on the edge of the patio area , alone and depressed , watch lacey at the pool as she climb the ladder to the high diving board . the high dive lacey step out to the end of the board and prepare to dive . the pool area go totally silent . she spring off the board and excecute a beautiful swan dive . the caddy whistle and cheer as lacey swim the whole length underwater and pop up at the shallow end between tony d'annunzio 's leg . she pull tony into the water and they wrestle playfully . danny his face fall about a mile and a half . ext . door to women' locker room the door fly open and Mrs. smail march out . in the pool the caddy be do a wild parody of a water ballet . linouvtmlsoe . cog continued 88 continued tony and lacey out of the water now , tony be towell off lacey , who laugh and wriggle as he hand roam freely under the towel . danny he pick up he club and walk off completely destroy . mrs . smail she storm right up to the pool and start yell at the caddy . grace and joey Grace be sit on the edge of the pool unwrap a baby Ruth . joey try to snatch it from she . they struggle . mrs . smail ( shout ) stop that ! you two ! all of you ! I want you out of that pool . joey and Grace freeze , after Mrs. smail pass , joey make a face behind she back , snatch the unwrapped baby Ruth from Grace and toss it into the pool . mrs . smail she shout at the caddy , but they be slow to respond . the lifeguard join she , try to look effective . a little girl 's scream cause they both to turn at once . little girl she 's in the pool point at the float candy bar , scream hysterically . little girl doody ! the kid and caddy leap straight out of the pool as if a shark be attack . mrs . smail she 's rush around at poolside . mrs . smail oh my God ! do not touch it ! linouvtmlsoe . cog _ continued 89 continued the pool spauld 's snorkel be see stick out of the water , head right for the candy bar . mrs . smail ( v.o. ) spauld ! no ! the snorkel stop , spauld raise he head to surface level and peer at the baby Ruth through he goggle . then he leap straight out of the water . spaulding ( scream ) doody ! ext . country club swimming pool - later all the water have be drain out of the pool . Mr. and Mrs. smail be by the pool talk to a man in a white decontamination suit . under he arm be he protective hood . smail be mop he sweaty brow in shirtsleeve . a loud generator / oump be run attach to a hose . smail TI want the entire pool scrubbed , sterilize and disinfected . another hood decontaminator come up the ladder from the floor of the pool . in he protective gauntlet be the baby Ruth . he take off he mask / hood . he be drip with sweat . workman here it be ~- no big deal . he bite into the candy bar . Mrs. smail faint . , CUT to int . pharmacy counter Danny catch the attention of a young drug clerk . danny can I have one of that pregnancy test ? clerk you want the write or the oral ? danny ( piss ) just get it . ext . bushwood snack bar Danny go up to the back door and maggie hand he a little white _ [ linountmllige cgm canetnen 90 continued paper bag . int . danny's room Danny carefully set up two test tube in a little plastic stand . then he open the white paper bag maggie give he and take out a small snack shop drink cuv with a snap - on plastic lid . he open the lid and make a face as he pour some yellow fluid into the second test tube . then he drop in a little tablet , look at he clock and hide the whole thing behind the curtain on the windowsill . int . hanging flypaper the paper streamer be cover with 637 dead fly . radio ( v.0 . ) ... well , it 's already ninety - nine degree and climb ! humidity eighty - seven percent with possible thunder shower in the afternoon . . cuT to the caddy they be sit around hardly move in the oppressive heat . listless cardplay . radio ( v.0 . ) ... it 's a real scorcher and I know you kid be all out at the beach today splash in that cool - liscious surf until party time ! hot one ! danny - inside lou' office he 's hang up the phone and write down a message . there 's a small fan on , but it 's even hotter in Lou 's little cubicle than in the rest of the caddyshack . Angie , the middle d'annunzio , come up to the wire window . angie noonan =- you wanna buy some hairdry ? ( Danny shake he head ) tony come in exhaust , sweat mark he T-shirt where the bag strap have be press . he walk to the office 's wire window . and toss he ticket on the counter . continued [ linountmllige cgm 91 continued danny ( toss the ticket - back ) I can not pay you -- Lou have to . tony ( irratate ) where be he ? danny chostile ) he 's out . tony ( throw a buck out ) - I know he 's out , numb nut -- gimme a coke + damny give he he coke and change . tony hey ! that 's only fifty cent . danny Lou raise the price of coke ' eause smail will not let he sell any more candy bar . tony I be not payin 's no fifty cent . danny ( take back the coke , mock he ) then you be not gettin’ a coke . tony you have have it , noonan . ( he grab the wire window and try to rip it off ) danny watch it , jerk ! tony come outta there , noonan . ( he try the door , it 's lock ) danny bite it . Lou walk in , tony snap to a casual pose and Danny automatically open the door to the office for Lou . lnomvtallice . com continued 92 continued lou noonan , d'annunzio , you get the Bishop and the havercamp . move it ! they be wait . tony he smile dangerously , rattling the change in he pocket . Danny come out of Lou 's office and tony follow he out of the caddyshack . Lou go into he office and the other caddy slip out to see the fight . ext . the caddy yard tony and Danny walk to a far corner of the yard , follow by the excited caddy . tony ( he take out a zippo lighter and put it in he fist ) okay , noonan -- who would you say the jerk be , jerk . joey snarl like a half - grow wolf . danny look , tony , I do not want to fight ... tony I do . danny ( look away ) come on , tony -- why do not we -- ( Danny come around fast and punch tony in the mouth ) tony be knock off balance . he touch he mouth and see blood . tony oooh -- now you die . he leap on Danny like a tiger and Danny go down hard . they roll over but tony come up on top , pound hin . the caddyshack Lou come out , see the fight , stop to pick up a piece of paper , then rush off to stop it . linowatallige . cory continued continued a fairway 93 lou hey ! - later tony and Danny be each carry two bag in the muggy heat . tony have a swollen lip and Danny have a black eye . the Bishop walk ahead , just out of earshot . ne start he . danny and danny do you screw lacey ? tony nothin ' happen ! she do not wanna go to a show , she do not wanna go bowlin' , she do not want a pizza -- nothin ' ! do not get hang up on that high - priced spread , man . she 's just yankin ' you chain . ' the bishop can you sce my ball ? this be the longest drive I ever hit ! to trot ahead . huge storm cloud be gather behind tony danny do you screw she ? tony ( reluctantly ) yeah . Danny leap on hin . the GREEN the Bishop come up to the elevate green and see he ball rest just inch from the hole . he whoops with joy at a great shot . mrs . havercamp you must have make a deal with the Devil today , Bishop . bishop ( tremble with excitement ) I could theoretically break the club record . I can not believe it . Storm cloud in the sky be get darker and angrier . [ linountallige cgm panera 94 continued mr . havercamp you would better put in a good word with the man upstairs if you do not want to get rain out . bishop well , I be sure the good Lord would not disrupt the ... ( he look up ) best game of my life . there be a faint rumble of thunder ) it start to rain on he face . CUT to danny and tony tony be sit on Danny again about to punch he when a flash of lightning and a thunderclap distract they . they look up at the sky then at each other . tony help Danny to he foot , they conflict instantly forget . other golfer be start to move toward shelter . cuT to the seventeenth GREEN a ball bounce past the hole , up a embankment , roll back down and zig - zap into the cup as the wind pick un . cur to the bishop and mrs . havercamp they be both amaze . mrs . havercamp you have make a deal with the devill there 's a flash of lightning and louder thunder . the eighteenth fairway - later it 's raining very hard now , and the wind be beginning to howl . the Bishop line up he shot under a umbrella while Danny and tony shiver in the rain . everyone else be rumning for cover . danny uh -- Bishop picker , sir ? I and tony have to leave . continued [ linountallige cgm 95 continued bishop quit now ? on the last hole ? that 's funny ! tony I be not walkin ' around with a bag fulla lightning rod . bishop no ! one more hole ! another flash . the caddy drop they bag and run off together . cuT to the last fairway it 's get very gothic on the hillock where the Bishop line up he final approach shot . he flub he shot stupidly and raise he club in anger . bishop ( shout ) oh ratfart ! a bolt of blue lightning streak out of the sky and zan the Bishop . fade out ext . noonan house - dinnertime the rain be pour down . a pile of undeliver newspaper be turn to pulp in the driveway . Danny ride up on he bike . int . danny's room he enter , drip wet , and see he three - year- old sister , Sally , play with the pregnancy test on the windowsill . Sally have drop bit of play - dough into the test tube and be now drip she orange juice into it . she knock over the test tube . Danny see what 's happen and toss Sally off the bed . danny ( yell ) dammit ! Sally run out of the room cry . int . dine room the whole family be at the table cate , but a real gloom hang over the scene . Danny can not even look at he father . linouvtallige cog continued — 96 continued mr . noonan so , you have be lie all summer about the scholarship and then you go out and spend six hundred dollar for clethes ! I have not spend six hundred dollar for clothes total in the last ten year . you must be mental , for God 's sake ! when be you go to grow up ? by the time I be twenty - one , I have a wife and a child --- mrs . noonan you be talk to he , stupid . mr . noonan do not call I stupid , stupid ! mrs . noonan you be a stupid ! Mr. noonan pound he fist on the table , accidentally flipping he plate on the floor . the youngest daughter begin to cry . danny throw he dish to the floor and stand . danny ( eye fill with tear ) shut up ! shut up ! mr . noonan you little bastard ! {he swing at he ) Danny take a clip on the jaw and reel into a china cabinet . cuT to danny on a bicycle - a few minute later he pedal away in a teary daze . ' the rain have stop and a full moon be rise . linountallige . cgh 96 a ext . bushwood clubhouse - evening a wedding reception be be hold at the Club . the grounds be attractively light , a large white tent have be set up on the lawn with bar and buffet . a orchestra play lovely music for two hundred guest in formal attire . the Club never look more beautiful . the parking lot Danny ride into the lot and take a final toke on a joint before extinguish it . he walk he bike around toward the back of the clubhouse . int . the ballroom Chuck shick and Noble noye be the bride and groom , stand in a receive line with they family , grect gucst . smail he 's at a table with Mrs. smail , spauld and lacey . the bar tony be bartend , work fast to handle the crush of serious drinker . spauld come up to the bar . spaulding gimme a whiskey sour . tony you get some i.d .? spaulding you know who I aml . tony yeah - a squirt . no drink . judge smail come up to the bar . smatil spauld ! be you drink ? spaulding nstomp off ) it guess not . se linountallige . cgh 97 smail {to tony ) a double scotch and water ~ and make it snappy ! tony yes sir . ( to another guest ) another Rob Roy , reverend ? the Bishop swivel around on he barstool . he have a big streak of frizzle white hair up the middle of he forehead a la " bride of frankenstein . " he 's wear a black suit and black clerical shirt with a clip - on bow tie in place of a Roman collar . he look like hell . smail ( hostile ) you be drink too much , you excellency ! bishop my name be tred . I be just a man - same as you be . smatl for God 's sake , Fred ! you be not a man , you be a Bishop . bisiiop there be no God . the practice range ty webb be out there with he tuxedo jacket off , drive golf ball into the full moon . Danny pace around anxiously . ty you know what I would do if I be you - nothing . ( hit a ball ) sometimes the only answer be to accept what be as perfect - ( hit another ball ) the trick be to see the perfection of thing no matter how they appear on the surface . ( hit another but it hook badly ) danny ( pick up a club ) that 's easy for you to say . you be 35 = you will be dead soon ~ but I be gonna be eighteen with a wife and a kid start out at the bottom of a lumberyard . linouvtallige cog continued 98 continued he hit a vicious drive that really crack off the tee . ty money be not everything . danny ( throw down the club and walk away ) how would you know ? you oughta try be poor sometime ! ty ( shout ) you be not poor ~ you be lower middle class . what be you go to do ? danny ( call ) I do not know - but I gotta do something ! ext . parking lot Danny be speed away on he bike when he collide with a big cadillac convertible and take a spill . czernak jump out of the car full of concern and heip he to he foct . czernak ( slightly drunk ) you okay , kid ? danny yeah , fine . I be sorry - czernak 'wave he hand ) never apologize after a accident - it could cost you big buck in court . danny ( laugh ) I do not have big buck . czernak no problem , you can sue I and we will split the take . danny ( confuse ) I do not know - continued linouvtallige cog 99 continued czernak I be kid , I be kid ! you be too serious , buddy . listen , life 's a laugh . when I be you age people be stand in bread line , the stockbroker be divin ' out the window and you could not get a job if you life depend on it . do I care ? not in the least . I learn quick - if you want something take it . everybody who be ever anybody do the same thing . look at the Indians , for Christ sake ! ( he look at Danny with a puzzle expression ) what be I talkin’ about ? danny I be not sure . czernak ( laugh ) then what the hell be we doin ' out here ? ( slap a twenty in Danny 's hand ) that oughta cover it . he walk off toward the clubhouse . Danny get back on he bike just as tony drive up in a batter plymouth duster with joey and Angie . danny T think you be work . tony smail catch Angie stealin ' 's bottle and kick we out . what be you do ? danny go crazy . tony just the man we need ! hop in . ( Danny hesitates ) come on ! Danny make up he mind to join they , stashes he bike in the bush , jump in and they speed away . [ linountallige cgm 100 int . the dance floor Chuck and Noble be dance . smail cut in and dance off with Noble . Chuck ask lacey to dance . chuck ( slightly drunk ) you know , lacey - this might have be we night . lacey I guess I blow it Chuck . for she sake I hope you have be bone up on foreplay . ty webb appear , tap Chuck on the shoulder and take lacey in he arm . Chuck wander off . ty him , too - huh ? lacey it 's be a long summer . you still play with you putter ? he laugh and dance she toward the veranda . danny - inside tony's car he 's watch the neighborhood 's change for the worse alongside the Expressway as tony speed toward a huge full moon loom over the tower skyscraper in the distance . danny what happen to all the tree ? tony they run to the suburb when the nigger move in . danny pass I that bottle . ext . the expressway tony whip off a exit ramp and onto a city street that look like the ally recently bomb it . steam rise from the manhole cover into the hot , muggiest night of the year . the street be line with tenement dweller fan themselves on curb and stoops . the car radio play pure punk rock . [ linountallige . cg 101 ext . the clubhouse veranda ty and lacey be sit one out together . ty so you bo back to Philadelphia - then what ? lacey I do not know . I be run out of way to shock my parent . ty why do not you stop try ? sometimes , when you just stop everything come to you . lacey ( neds ) okay - I just stop . they look into each other 's eye for a long sincere moment , then kiss softly . int . ballroom spauld be guzzle the dregs of half - finish cocktail , look drunk . he downs half a martini , then look in the glass , fish out a wet cigarette butt and turn green . he run off with he hand over he mouth . family portrait the wedding photographer finish nose the bride and groom and they immediate family , then hurry back behind he tripod . photographer 's Pov through he viewfinder , the family grouping come into focus and the picture be snap catch Al czernak ad he step into frame dress in outlandish liesure wear . czernak he congratulate Chuck and Noble . continued ee — ( enouttallige . cokg 102 czernak ( pull a wad of bill out of he pocket ) I do not have time to buy a card - ( slip Chuck a few bill ) the bride 's parent look shocked . judge smail rughes up and grab czernak 's arm . Mrs. smail glower at he side . small ( angrily ) what be you do here ! czernak ( shrug off smail ' hand ) Mr. shnook have invite I . start to protest . smail you have wear out you welcome at bushwood , sir . czernak izzat so ? since when do you become the Pope of this dump ? L have be watch you , smail , and I think you be a wrong guy . smail dump ? bushwood a dump ? well , I guarantee you will never be a member here ! czernark member ? who say anything about be a member of this tomb ? Hell , I be on the board of four country ulub already . ( laugh ) join this crummy little snobatorium ? you gotta be kid ! the only reason I come here be ' cause maybe I should buy it . smail ( horror-struck ) b- buy bushwood ? you be insane ? czernak sure -- it 's perfect for a mall -- I already get commitment from eleven store . my brother - in- law want the tenth hole for a use car lot . continued linouvtallige cog continued 103 smail lunge at czernak . veranda - ty and lacey they be dance close . they kiss . a loud crash and a scream send they rush back inside . CUT to int . dine room czernak and smail be be pull apart by member near a overturn table as ty rush into the middle of the fight . ty what happen ? smail he try to choke I ! you see it ! czernak he call I a baboon ! he think I be he wife ! smail I be call the police . czernak call the chief of police . I build he condo . ty look ! there must be some way to settle this like adult . czernak you only gotta be twenty - one for a gun permit . smail now he 's threaten I ! ty ( steering they away ) look , why do not you discuss this in private ? cuT to [ linountallige cgm 104 int . club office the office be a intimate wood - and -leather sanctum decorate entirely in golf motif . ty stand between the antagonist . beeper and richard richard , the Club manager , be there back up smail . smatl ( angry ) I demand satisfaction . czernak you want satisfaction ? okay . i'11 shoot you eighteen hole for ten thousand dollar . smatl . ( catch off - guard ; snort ) T could beat you with one arm . czernak oh -- well , then a team match for twenty -- you can have Doctor frankenputs , I '1l take ty here . they all turn to ty. ty start . ty well , actually . czernak c'mon , you be a ace -- everybody say so . ty ( nervous ) I do not like to play for money . against people ... czernak c'mon guy -- be win against you religion or something ? ty I -- yes , I think it be . smail ( interrupt ) Excuse I , ty , might I have a word with you . in private ? he take he arm . continued [ linountallige cgm continued 105 smail and ty smail put he head close to ty' . smail now , ty , you father and I vrenpve together , go to war together , golf together -- we build this very club , he and I . this community be a fine place to live , and we all hove that someday soon you will take the rein of it , if you know what I mean . once you settle down a little , I think you will realize what he sort of element can do . czernak wiggle he eyebrow at they from the other side of the room . ty shake smail ( continue ) let 's face it , son , there be some people who simply do not belong . do you see what I be get at ? ty I think I do , sir . smail ( slap he on shoulder ) good . ( to czernak ) Mr. czernak , Mr. webb have something to say to you . czernak yah ? what ? ty let 's make it twenty thousand . czernak 's hand and smail ' face fall . ext . the clubhouse lawn the guest run and point at the sky with delight as a helicovter set down on the lawn , warning light twinkle and a '' just married '' sign on it . continued - " " wreguarMe ice cog 106 continued noble and chuck she throw she arm around she father 's neck . noble nexcite ) oh , daddy ! neato ! thank you ! ( she kiss he ) she and Chuck start say good - bye to family and friend ty and lacky they stand with the guest who have form a circle around the helicopter . ty ( impulsively ) let 's go . he take she hand , pull she to the door of the helicopter and they get in . the helicopter the pilot shake ty 's hand . pilot congratulation ! ty thanks . lacey laugh as the helicopter take off . noble , chuck and the guest they watch it depart with confuse look on they face . on cue , a firework display start to accompany the helicopter 's departure . maggie ~ in her room - same night she 's wear a long , white nightgown , look out the window at the helicopter and firework . she sigh resignedly , get up and exit she room . i os io EL ige cgs luff int . the hall maggie walk a few step to a bathroom door , open it and go in . a few moment pass , then from behind the close door a delighted whoop be hear . maggie ( from the bathroom } I get it ! I get it ! the toilet flush be hear , then maggic come run out , tremendously happy . other maid in curler stick they head out of they room and gabble as she streak by . ext . maintenance yard - same time something move in the underbrush on the fringe of the seventeen fairway . Sandy , the groundskeeper , crawl out on he belly wear a camouflage commando outfit and Scots military tam leave over from service in the burma campaign of 1943 . he cradle a carbine with a sniperscope in he arm . Scottish military music accompany he . a mole it pop out of a hole on the fairway . sandy without make a sound , he prop himself un in the nrone fire position and sight on the mole . just then , maggie dance across the fairway like a fairy vision . he start and the rifle go off . the parking lot - same time the rear tire on a whole row of car all go flat one after another as the bullet tear through they . Dr. beeper 's porshe be the first to get it . maggie she dance and leap across the golf course , celebrate everything . she streak by some thick bush , laugh . continued [ linountallige cgm 108 continued the bushes a tipsy woman member stand up , she clothes undone and disarranged . woman ( to the bush ) do you see that ? a electronic beep be hear in reply . the seventh GREEN maggie do a joyful , twirling jig around the elagnole as the full moon set behind she . ext . the dock a ship 's horn blow as Danny , tony , Angie and joey walk stealthily past a big freighter silhouett against the night sky . joey ( excited ) see ? i.told ya . it 's a jap freighter . tony okay ! betamax ! danny : you mean we be really gonna steal tv set ? tony yeah - be you in this ? danny sure. ... ( laugh ) you guy be insane , angie ( tapving he skull ) yeah , insane like a fox . ext . the freighter - another angle two workmen close the back of a truck and walk away . continued kwovtellloe . cory 109 continued angie ( v.0 . ) that 's the one ! he say he would leave the key on the floor . tony , joey and Danny dash for the truck . tony Angie ! meet we with the car in a hour ! int . the cab the three boy climb in , tony behind the wheel . Danny look out . danny down ! two guard they come around the corner training fiashlight on the truck . int . the cab everybody 's serunch under the dash as the light beam rake the interior . they can barely stifle they hysterical laugh . joey ( scared whisper ) I bet they get peppergun ! tony ( mimick he ) I bet they get peppergun ! the guard they turn another corner and disappear . tony start up the truck . inside the truck tony gun the engine . tony ( shifting gear ) va-va-va-voom ! CUT to [ lountallige . cong 110 the truck it jump forward and run its front tire over the dock edge . danny ( v.c. ) Jesus , tony ! . tony reshift the lever and put it in reverse , but the whcel spin ineffectually . they be stick . cur to the two guard they hear the thumping and turn around to check on it . cuT to int . the cab the boy see the approach guard and everyone but tony duck under the dash . guard # 2 what 's go on ? tony ( aggressive ) what 's go on ? whaddya goddam think goin ' on ? I be stick -- where 's you chain ? guard £ 2 chain ? what chain ? tony t'get outta here ! you think Mr. ragotti want truck divin ' off he dock ? cuUT to the truck - a little later the first guard gun another truck and tony 's truck 's whecl bump back over the edge . the second guard release the chain and wave . tony 's truck back into a pile of wooden flat . guard 32 watch where you be goin ' ! continued [ linountallige cgm 111 continued the other guard come up and watch the truck blunder around , gear grind . guard # 1 hey , who 's Mr. rigotti ? guard # 2 let 's get the peppergun ! the truck tony speed for a gate , down a row of park vehicle and cargo . the gate slide shut automatically and tony do a bad 180 ° turn in the truck , wiping out a pile of crate mark '' picture tube " . the crate implode on impact . the guard they jump into a cushman mini-truck mark Security and speed off in a pursuit . the truck tony speed toward another gate . the guard the two old codger be act like John Wayne . one lean out and fire a shotgun blast at the flee truck . the truck the shotgun blast blow away the stop sign as the truck crash through a wooden barrier and speed off into the night . ext . a warehouse - 2:00 a.m. ungle vinnie , a dark dangerous look mafioso in a suit , stand at the back of the truck as tony and Danny raise the tailgate . the back of the truck it 's full of smashed box of fish -- about 10,000 pound of it . two hundred pound of it fall out onto uncle vinnie 's new slack and $ 200 shoe . continued ee linouvtallige cog 112 continued uncle vinnie he look down at he foot , then look at tony and take the toothpick out of he mouth . ext . a truck loading dock - fazio' fish house , inc . Danny and joey watch from the truck cab as tony wave goodbye to a man on the load dock and hurry back to the truck . danny he buy any ? tony it 's he fish ( he shift gear and speed away ) ext . the expressway - later the truck head toward the green suburb as the gloom of night start to lift . the lakefront - dawn the truck be park on the shore point at the sun risinp , out of the lake . bird chirp . twenty cat be sit patiently around the back of the truck . tony ( v.0 . ) why would you do this tonight , noonan ? ( teasing he ) collepe money ? int . the truck tony and Danny be both laid back in they seat with they eye close . joey be asleep between they , lean on tony . danny I be not go to college I need money now because I get a nice girl pregnant . continued — — — — aesisi ' '' ' ( ‘( ‘( ' éa eno tlic egg 113 continued tony who ? danny ( reluctantly ) maggie . tony ( pointedly ) how do you know it be you ? Danny open he eye and leok at tony . danny ( hotly ) I guess I do not . tony do you want to marry she ? danny ( very jealous and hostile ) you must have rape she . tony ( more emphatic ) do you want to marry she ! danny o£ course not ! I be eighteen year old . I have never even be to New York ! tony well relax , sonny . I be to New York . I be gonna marry she . danny be you kid ! I would never let she do that . tony what be you - she brother ? she want to , noonan . I want to . danny ( give a little ) do she love you , you think ? tony ( blink ) noonan , who you talkin " to ? all girl love I . ( he start the engine ) continued linountallige . cgs 114 continued danny ( lean back ) all right - I accept . tony laugh and shift pear . tony thanks . and if the kid look like you we will mail it to ya ' . ext . the truck it back up fast , scatter the cat and pull out onto the street . ext . suburban STREET - 6:45 a.m. a policeman be write a parking ticket at curbside . he look up at the sound of a truck passing and get hit by a fish . ext . beeper' matlbox - 7:00 a.m. bird be sing as cool morning sunlight dapple the scale model replica of beeper 's house . boom ! the mailbox explode . we hear the truck pull away . ext . pool area - a litle later spauld come out the door look very hungover in he mask and flipper . he run toward the water , flipper flanping , jump , look , and try to stop in mid-air . he come down in 10,000 pound of rotten fish float in the swim pool . danny and tony they come walk onto the first tee area look vleasantly waste , carry golfbag . ext , the first tee beeper check he watch impatiently and cross to judge smail who 's stand with they caddy , spauld and Terry the hippy . continued ee — lnouatmalige cos 115 continued Lou loomis , the caddymaster , walk up . smail squint distrustfully at tony and Danny . smail ( to Lou ) do they know the term of this match ? Lou ( quickly ) this boy can be trust , you honor . tony , and Danny nod with excessive , phony sincerity . a ear horn honk distract they all . chernak' cadillac the car come float across the cours3 slalome pine tree and pull right up to the first tee . ty and czernak get out . smail ( run over ) you idiot ! czernak ( boisterous ) okay , okay , okay ! let 's go , let 's go , let 's go ! lou ne nod curtly to everyone and clear he throat . _ lou gentlemen , we all know this be illegal and against club practice , and i'd like to ask at this time do you gentleman agree to waive all sanction against say referee or anything that might get I fire ? smail agreed . lou ( od ) Fine . the match be for twenty thousand dollar each , lowest individual score win the hole in regulation match play . chold up fist ) I have a number of tee in my hand | -- you honor , odd or even ? continued linountallige . cgh 116 continued small odd . lou clook ) odd it be . you honor , you honor . smail blink at Lou and tee up . czernak ( offer he hand ) you honor , I be lookin ' for a nice elean , gentlemanly , above-board match . and no farting . smatil ( address he ball ) Sir , you be beneath contempt , beyond loathing and before the monkey . ( swing and hit a beautiful drive ) beeper he step up to the tec . dr . beeper Glove . carl shick ( hold it like a surgical nurse ) Glove , dr . beeper ( jam he hand into the glove ) Driver . carl ( hand it ) Driver . becper set and hit a longer drive than smail . smail ( v.o0 . ) good shot ! ty he crack off the best shot of all and czernak step up . continued linountallige . cgs 117 continued czernak {to joey ) coffee . tony ( hand it ) watch it -- it 's hot . czernak gulp down the boil coffee , toss away the cup and tee off . czernak boom !.... ( watch he ball ) bum , ..dumb . CUT to ext . the swamp hole - a moment later czernak 's ball plop into the water . a turtle dive in after it . CUT to the wood czernak and tony be rummage around the bush . tony T could . swear it go in here . CUT to the turtle it drop Al 's ball into its nest with six similiarly - shape turtle egg . czernak ( v.o0 . ) hey , maybe it go in the hole ! CUT to int . the caddyshack - later grace be sit by Lou 's phone as motormouth and goofy walk in . she 's write a letter . motormouth where 's Lou ? continued linountallige cge - continued 118 grace he tell I to open up for he . he 's reffing a big money match -- it 's a secret . motormouth ( leave ) Way to keep a secret ! cuut to int . the pro shop - music smoke run in as SAM be open he morning mail . he gesticulates toward the course . Sam take out a wad of bill and slap down a hundred . CUT to ext . the tennis court ~ music the fun couple be play and drink mix double as smoke and Sam go by call to they . the fun couple toss down they racquet and sprint after they . CUT to the golf course caddy and club member skulk through the bush , head toward the match . sandy the groundskeeper I 's on he knee stuff something into a molehole . the molehound dig frantically at the ground . five foot behind they , a mole stand watch they curiously . caddy and member pass by in the background . CUT to ty he drop a long , difficult uphill putr . a cheer be hear from the bush . the golfer look around but see no one . the bushes Grace have she hand clamp over joey 's mouth as they squat out of sight with several member . — noutellige . cgs 119 czernak - the sixth fairway he line up under the watchful eye of spauld , who be jiggling he change nervously in he pocket . czernak hey . spaulding ( still jingling ) huh ? czernak you -- jinglebells ! spaulding ( notice ) ch. ( he stop ) czernak take a vicious swipe at the ball . czernak ( look up ) elephant 's ass ! High and stinky ! the ball drop straight down barely ten foot from where he hit it . CUT to ty and danny they exchange doubtful look . smatl he hit a nice drive . dr . beeper - a sandtrap he blast out beautifully . ty he chip with incredible precision . czernak he wing he 9 - iron mightily . continued linountallige . cgs 120 continued - czernar wup ! a twelve - pound divot - slow motion the mass of turf spin in the air . some bushes motormouth ( v.o0 . ) ( golf announcer ) there she go ! the czernak excavation company have just break ground for a elephant bomb shelter . goofy ( v.o. ) now we will have someplace to store we elephant bomb . they sneak off through the rough follow a grow throng of spectator . the bishop - near the snack shop — he be strolling along laconically hit a ball along with a single club which he drag along in one hand . bishop ( sing softly ) oh , I have see fire a I have see ra~in ... dee dah dah ... a voice psssst ! hey , Bishop ! bishop ( see no one ) Lord ? smoke pop out of the bush . smoke no , it 's I . they just finish the ninth . smail - beeper be win - three up . New odd - four- to - one now . bishop ( doleful ) we be all go to lose in the end . smoke ( start back away ) oh - yeah - that 's right . che exit in a hurry ) lnountmllige . cgn 121 the snack shop ty and czernak be at a table have a drink . : al ( miserable and drink ) I do not understand it -- I be play the worst game of my life . ty I hope so , for you sake . cuut to ext . the back door of the snack shop Danny knock timidly at the door . maggie appear . maggie Danny ! you look terrible . danny I stay up all night -- with tony D ' annunzio , maggie ( catch , blush ) oh , I do that a few time myself . charm , be not he ? danny ( sincerely ) you gonna be all right ? maggie ( hug he ) you be sweet . yes , I get my period . danny ( relieved ) that 's good ! maggie but do not tell tony . she kiss he before he can react . the bushes the gallery be get too big to hide , but they still maintain the fiction . continued linountmllige cog 122 continued smoke fifty dollar say the smail ' kid pick he nose . charlie the cook five dollar say he eat , too . injun joe you be on . mrs . havercamp ( look in change purse ) I , too . cut to the snack shop smail walk over to ty' table and clap czernak on the back . smail well , Al -- ready to press on ? my boat need exactly twenty thousand dollar worth of rerair . czernak so do you brain . wanna double it ? smail Fine . forty thousand a piece . beeper ( panic ) see here , judge --- bepper 's beeper suddenly go off . beeper that 's my office -- ( start off ) I would better go smatl ( grab he ) oh no you do not -- you be in for half of eight thousand . beeper ( slumping ) probably just a routine emergency ... maggie and tony tony be lie on the grass under a oak tree . maggie be sit beside he with a far-off look . continued cf nouwtallige . egg 123 continued maggte I hope Danny be not hurt . tony ( affectionate ) you could not hurt that guy with a stzam shovel , he 's too dopey to be hurt . maggie be it all right if I still love he ? tony nsit up quick ) no - it be not all right . maggie ( laugh and grab he ) then I will not ! I will not . I just want to know he 's happy . tony see the golfer start off again and run to catch up . tony ( shout ) meet I at the 18th ! the tenth tee in quick cut , smail , beeper and ty tee off nicely . czernak he 's concentrate really hard . czernak c'mon baby ... he take a tremendous swing , the ball rebound off the tee maker and bop he on the arm . czernak ow . ( he glance at he arm and decide to make the most of it ) oococoo0 owwwewww ! I break my arm ! beeper examine he arm . head pop up in the bush around the tee and a quitt hubbub be hear . continued [ linountallige cgm 125 continued beeper do this hurt ? czernak yeeeecessss ! aaaaarrggghh ! beeper might be a fracture ulna . czernak I can not move it . I guess the match be a draw . smail chotly ) oh no you do not , shernick ! if you do not play , you lose . ( to Lou ) be not that right ? lou that 's right , you honor -- unless you want to allow he a substitute . smail well -- all right -- spauld , you play out Mr. czernak 's hole . ty actually , sir , I believe it be up to we to select a new partner . smail ( reluctant ) oh. well , who do you want ? ty I will play with Danny noonan here . smail sneer , beeper laugh out loud . Danny start shaking he head , speechless . smatl ( boring into Danny ) Mr. webb , Danny be a employee of the elub . ke can not work here and play at the same time -- particularly in something illegal like this . continued [ linountallige cgm 126 continued ty that make sense . czernak ( lie on he back ) kid -- if you win , you will make out . Danny look at smail who glower forbiddingly . danny ( after a long pause ) I will play . smail I guess you do not want that Scholarship ! danny I guess I do not , fuckface . a cheer go up from the bush . czernak take joey 's bag with he " good " arm and heft it easily . czernak okay ! CUT to the spectator there be so many people watch now , they can not hide themselves . they run low among the bush and high grass . gatsby they be off again ! grace Danny 's gonna play ! I will bet a dollar cighty - six ! the Bishop be sweep along with the crowd , something stir in he soul . bishop ( shout ) the hell with it ! five hundred on the boy ! CUT .to danny tee off . I hold he finish pose , watch he shot drop further than the other . continued [ linountallige cgm 127 continued the crowd aaaaaaaaahhhh ! the player turn around and see some head as they walk off onto the fairway . the gallery skip along hide only perfunctorily . montage Danny hit every conceivable kind of great golf shot , walk through beautiful landscape with a really win musical theme and grow gallery of excited spectator . ty on the fifteenth fairway , he hit a crackle drive and downs a fly crow . the crow it squawk and plummet to the ground , flap around for a while and fly away . ty czernak come up to he . czernak do not worry , ~- it 's good luck . ty ( freak ) yeah -- in Haiti . he shake he head and hit another shot . the GREEN his ball roll over the green and into a sand trap . ty he 's on the green put . he stroke the ball , it roll to the cup and somchow right over it without go in . ty look at Danny and shrug . danny ( confident ) it 's okay . I think I get this hole . continued linouvtallige cog 128 continued montage gontitnue Danny be still hold onto he game but look increasingly exaust . ty 's game be fall apart . eighteenth tee ty be depressed by he poor play , Danny be concerned . ty I be lose it Danny -- you will have to carry I . danny ( look very heat ) I do not think I can make it . ty you just have to win this hole . danny I think win be not important . _ ty I win be not - you do . danny great grammar . Earth to ty -~- Earth call . ty sec you future , Danny . be it . make it . I be a veg . Danny shake he head and tee off . the eighteen GREEN Danny be the last of the golfer to get to the green . they all have difficult putt . Lou all even , gentleman . judge , you be away . motormouth like a announcer . motormouth well , it 's down to the wire and you can cut the tension with a tension - cutter . lino taalige cos 129 smail he line up he putt carefully . smail spauld ! give I the old billy baroo . spauld hand he a vintage wooden putter in a custom - make feel cover . smail stroke the club and coo to it . smail come on , billy -- billyyy ~- biiiillly ---- he put and it drop . he jump up in the air . beeper he 's sprawle on the turf , nose in the grass , scuttling around like a roach to line up he putt . he get up , putt and it drop . he giggle hysterically . ty shake he head over beeper 's idiocy , he tap he ball and miss . he turn to Danny . ty t£ you miss this we lose . danny he look at . a long downhill lie and get ready to putt . czernak ( loud ) double or nothin’ he make it -- eighty - thousand buck . smail ( exhilated ) you be on , buster ! Danny look up and faint . danny Pov - later he open he eye and look up at tree and sky and cloud . bird chirp . continued ee [ linountallige cgm 130 continued danny ( faintly ) what happencd ? smail ' face jut into frame . smatl ( mean ) we be wait ! the GREEN smail and beeper jerk Danny to he foot . he look around at the huge gallery now unashamedly circle the green . tony go , noonan ! the gallery Danny see everyone he like smile at he . tony and maggie hold hand , lacey , Lou , graec , the caddic , smoke , the fun couple , czernak and the Bishop who be on he knee , praying for Danny with bow head . danny he relax , step up , putt , watch the ball roll right to the lip of the cup and -- stop , the crowd groan the cup nothing seem to be hold up the ball but some quirk of physics . the GREEN smail be kissin he billybaroo , beeper be jump up and down like a obnoxious child , ty and czernak be forlorn . Danny be freeze with disappointment . spaulding taunting Danny ) you lose ! you lose , you lose , you lose ! sandy kneel on the fourteenth fairway , he push the plunger on a detonator . the fairway erupt and sink like atlantis . continued linountallige . cgh 131 continued bird fly from the tree in a riot of chirp . a ballwasher it start to vibrate . flag in three quick cut , the flag on the fifteenth and seventeenth green start to oscillate powerfully . eighteenth GREEN everyone look nervous as the tremor pass . danny's ball it drop . lou he nod officially . lou it 's a birdie . a great cheer go up from the crowd . pandemonium everybody kissing everybody . smail he take he precious antique putter and slam it over he knee with a audible crunch of a break legbone , do a take to the camera and go down . CUT to the fourteenth GREEN the whole thing have sink like a moon crater , with the tip of the flag peek up out of the smoking hole . Sandy survey the scene in silent awe . a mole pop up behind he and look curiously at Sandy . cuT to [ linountallige cgm 132 danny and czernak they be be carry aloft by the hysterical crowd . money fly around . the bishop he 's regain he faith . bishop ( congratulate God ) attaboy ! lou axd smoke they be collect a ton of cash and stuff in they shirt . smail and beeper beeper be cxamine smail ' leg as the judge scream in agony . beeper do this hurt ? smail - close up his expression be something several degree beyond physical pain . reeper 's beeper beep in he face . he grab it , try to rip it off beeper 's belt but shred he pants in the attempt . danny he have a arm around both girl and be get kiss like heck as he 's borne along , hold he putter . Grace plant a big one on he , almost toppling the human juggernaut . CUT to ty webb he shake hand with Scott and a couple of . straggler and watch the crowd recede , disappont in himself . ty - close up he look after Danny , a little envious . danny he turn and wave at ty , beam [ linountallige . cg ty he smile and wave back . then he take some ball from he bag and begin practise putt in he usual solitary manner . lacey walk up and slip she arm through he . lacey ( teasing ) well you certainly blow it , do not you . I have lose all respect for you . ty well , who could measure up to you high moral standard ? lacey have we get a chance ? ty yes , we could not possibly think less of each other . ( they kiss ) a int . the noonan dinner table ~ later Danny come in with he club and sit down amid the noise of ten other gobbler . kathleen ( yell ) mommy , tell Andy to stop pinching I ! mrs . noonan ( v.0 . ) ( from Kitchen ) Andy , stop pinching Kathy ! andy I be not pinching ! kathleen he be too pinching ... on my bum ! mr. noonan he 's be hide in he frank and bean , but look up to see danny enter . mr . noonan ( to he frank and bean ) hi. continued [ linountallige cgm 133 continued danny ( to the wall ) hi. Mr. noonan want to apologize but he do not know how . mr . noonan glad you be home . danny ( smile ) I , too . there be a uncomfortable silence for a moment Mr. noonan clear he throat . mr . noonan ( with affection ) you get out today , Mr. flunkoff ? danny ( sit down ) uh-huh . one loop . mr . noonan double ? danny single . mr . noonan well ? Danny look up . mr. noonan cough it up , buster . how much ? Danny reach into he shirt and pull out $ 100 bill and lay it on the table . mr. noonan his eye bug out . danny a hundred .... he keep pull C - note from all he pocket . danny .... two hundred ... three hundred ... that 's six -- seven hundred .... continued _ fnommvtallige . cgkg 134 continued the noonan kide they be stunne . mrs . noonan come in with a steaming bowl of broccoli . danny .... two thousand .... three thousand .... she drop the bowl . CUT to danny's neighborhood - high aerial danny ( v.0 . ) let 's see -- uh -- twelve thousand -- a ' that be all g-note .... uh so that 's twenny - three thousand ... twenny-four ... I get some quarter here . the sky a jumbo jet roar through the frame . CUT to the airport - danny and he family - autumn day wearing a short haircut , tie , shine shoc and carry suitcase , Danny be hugging and kissing each of he family member . his tearful , proud mother hug he . speaker Flight number forty - two for omaha , nebraska , now board at Gate forty - six . Danny break free and walk outside to he plane . he look back to see a pretty girl go through another gate mark " AIR jamaica " . girl she smile at Danny , make a face of disappointment that they be go two different way . danny he do the same . [ linountallige cgm 135 the observation window all the noonan 's be yell and wave and jostling the other observer . danny he wave back . he glance at the girl . girl her line start to move out she plane . she have a golf bag with she . she look back at Danny . danny he look at she , hypnotize . master of both plane queue Danny break and trot over to the Air Jamaica line . the pretty girl be just about to pick up she golf bag when Danny grab it and sling it easily over he shoulder . danny let I show you how it 's do . they go up the step together , talk and laugh as they board the airplane . the end linquytalligecgdg