call I by you name screenplay by James ivory base on the novel by andré aciman int . elio ’s/ oliver 's room - perlman villa - day 1 the sound of a approach car . elio , 17 , barefoot and in he bathing suit , be in the process of move he clothes from he room to the adjacent room - a wardrobe somehow refurbish into a single bedroom . the two room be separate by a ruin wooden door , with crack all over it . marzia , a girl of about he same age , be lie on the bed . it be obvious both have be on it together . elio go to the window and look down . a car pull up below , blow up cloud of dust , and stop at the villa 's main entrance . a young man step out of the car , wear a billowy bright blue shirt with a wide - open collar , sunglass . this be oliver , 25 . he be follow by the handy - man and gardener of the house anchise . elio ( in french ) l'usurpateur . ( the usurper ) marzia jump up to come stand next to he , look down . anchise appear below follow by the perlman who introduce themselves to Oliver . Professor perlman be in he fifty , distinguished , vigorous . annella , he wife , be in she mid - forty . annella ( in italian ) dove 6 elio ? ( where 's elio ? ) elio ( in french ) Il faut que je descende . ( I would better go down . ) int . staircase - perlman villa - day 2 at the end of the stair elio see oliver be walk to Professor perlman 's study . Oliver 's suitcase and backpack lie on the floor nearby . annella see elio approach and gesture towards they . annella ( in italian ) aiuta Oliver a portare le sue cose in camera tua . ( help bring Oliver 's thing up to you room . ) int . professor perlman 's study - perlman villa - day 3 elio enter he father 's studio . oliver , sit on the sofa , be have a glass of fresh water . even if exhaust by the heat , he remain elegant and somewhat iconic . Professor perlman introduce the two formally . they shake hand . elio I be elio . oliver ( non committal ) hi. int . staircase - perlman villa - day 4 they head up the stair together ; elio lunge for the heavy suitcase , oliver take the backpack . elio my room be now you room . i’1l be next door . they meet marzia come down . more introduction in the middle of the stair . oliver be curious about she and look back as he continue up . she look back after he do . int . oliver 's room - perlman villa - day 5 they enter Oliver 's bedroom . oliver drop he backpack and crash on the bed , exhaust . elio lay the suitcase next to the bed . elio we be share the bathroom . it 's my only way out ... but Oliver be not listen , already asleep . elio walk out and close the door that separate they two room . ext . garden - perlman villa - day 6 in front of the kitchen be a fruit orchard with a variety of fruit tree . from outside we see inside mafalda at work in charge of the domestic duty of the place , and she be virtually a member of the family . one of the tree be shaking . in the dapple light under the tree we see anchise reach up into the limb to pick the ripest peach . they seem to glow within they foliage as he long , gnarled finger seek they out . he carefully place the fruit he have pick in a basket . int . staircase - perlman villa - dusk 7 later . mafalda , at the bottom of the stair , ring a bell . she look up the stair and , get no response , ring the bell again . int . elio ’s/ oliver 's room / bathroom - perlman villa - dusk 8 elio be at the desk in he small '' new '' bedroom ; he be transcribe music . next to he desk lamp a walkman be play music . he hear the bell . he enter the bathroom and the door that connect it to the other room be open . oliver sleep in the dim light of sunset . elio we’ be be call to dinner . no answer . elio enter Oliver 's room and reach over to the bookshelf , take a book from it but then drop it on the floor . it make a sharp clatter . Oliver be briskly awoken . elio ( cont ’d ) ( embarrassed ) we’ be be call to dinner . Oliver look up from he pillow scarcely know where he be . oliver later . I ’1l1 have to pass . ( beat ) can you make my excuse to you mother ? elio , back out of the door with the book , nod that he will . Oliver look around for a moment . oliver ( cont ’d ) so , this be usually you room .. about to shut the door , elio nod . oliver ( cont ’d ) thanks , buddy . Oliver turn and go back to sleep . elio close the door , leave the room in almost complete darkness . int . staircase / bocchirale - perlman villa - day 9 the follow day . oliver be come down the stair . not know where to go , he listen for the perlman ' voice until he see , through a corridor , the kitchen . just beyond it , outside in the garden , he can see the family have breakfast . 10 ext . garden in front of the kitchen - perlman villa - day 10 the perlman be eat breakfast outside , in front of the kitchen . oliver come out and sit down , watch how elio expertly crack he soft - boil egg shell , then attempt to do the same , but only a tiny bit of the shell be pierce , so he pretend to busy himself with he coffee and push the egg in its cup away . mafalda ask he if he would like juice . he say '' please '' . she look down at the discard egg . mafalda lasci fare a I , signore . ( let I ) she slice the top off and return to she kitchen . annella do you recover from you trip , caro ? oliver Big time . elio , who have be try not to stare at they guest and be concentrate on spread honey on a piece of bread , now lift he head and speak , grow unnaturally loud : elio I can show you around . oliver good . be we far from the town ? I need to open a bank account . both Professor perlman and annella look up , interested . perlman ( smile ) none of we resident have ever have a local bank account . elio turn in he seat to get a better view of Oliver , who be sit beside he . elio should I take he to montodine ? perlman I be think they 's be close for summer vacation . try crema . oliver be that you orchard ? perlman pesca , ciliege , albicocche ... ( peach , cherries , apricot ... ) 11 annella pomegranate . mafalda return with a pitcher of apricot juice on a little tray and proceed to fill Oliver 's glass . oliver taste it , then enthusiastically downs it . elio realize he be stare at oliver , he head tip back with he throat swallow the juice , and notice the Star of David on a necklace around he neck . oliver smack he lip and begin to eat he second egg , give it a sharp crack . mafalda bring he a third egg . annella ( cont ’d ) have another egg . oliver ( shaking he head ) I know myself . if I have three , I 'il have a fourth , and more . elio have never hear someone Oliver 's age say , I know myself . it 's somewhat intimidating . he lower he eye . int . professor perlman 's study - perlman villa - day 11 perlman be attempt to devise a new filing system for he correspondence ; there be pack of letter lie about and open box with more letter . oliver be help he , elio be with they . the professor make a joke comment like " my guest from last year be very good at organize . I on the other hand ... '' narrator take a summer guest for six week be the way Professor help young academic revise a manuscript before publication . they be give full run of the house and can basically use they time as they like , provide they help Professor perlman for a hour or so every day with he correspondence and other paperwork . annella enter carry a little tray with a pitcher of more apricot juice which she pour out into glass . everyone have some ; oliver downs he in a gulp . he smack he lip , say '' aah ! '' , . annella look at he amused and give he a approve pat on the shoulder . elio look at he father , already know what he 'il say . perlman the word apricot come from the Arabic - it 's like the word '' algebra '' , '' alchemy '' , and '' alcohol '' . it derive from a Arabic noun combine with the Arabic article ' al - 's before it . ( more ) perlman ( cont 'd ) the origin of we italian ' albicocca 's be ' al -barquq 's ... he pause to draw breath , then continue , warming to he subject . perlman ( cont ’d ) it 's amazing that today in Israel and many arab country the fruit be refer to by a totally different name : ' mishmish 's . annella when we visit persia they call it Zardoulou . professor perlman , shrugging , spread he hand as if to say , ' who can ever tell about this matter of present - day etymology ? '. through all this oliver have be listen carefully . oliver I beg to differ . perlman ah ? oliver the word be not actually a Arabic word . perlman how so ? elio and annella listen carefully , surprised . oliver it 's a long story , so bear with I , pro. many Latin word be derive from the Greek . in the case of ' apricot 's , however , it 's the other way around . ( he throw a quick , amused look at elio ) here the Greek take over from Latin . the Latin word be praecoquum , from pre-coquere , pre - cook , to ripen early , as in precocious , meaning premature . the other take this in . annella be clearly charme . oliver ( cont ’d ) the byzantine - to go on - borrow praecox , and it become prekokkia or berikokki , which be finally how the Arabs must have inherite it as al-barquq . revision7 . there be a moment of silence . elio and annella look at perlman . oliver ( cont ’d ) courtesy Philology 101 . perlman ( somewhat under he breath ) he 's right , he 's right . annella , unable to resist , reach out to oliver and ruffle he hair , laugh . elio applaud . elio he do it every year ... annella every year . perlman I be testing you . 12 ext . road to crema - day 12 elio and oliver be riding bicycle , with elio in the lead . they go along the main road towards the town of crema and its bank . the day be already hot . 13 ext . cafe - crema town square - day 13 elio and oliver be sit at the little cafe with iron chair and table , drink coffee . oliver examine bank application form , then fold they up and put they in he knapsack . he look around the almost empty square . oliver what do one do around here ? elio nothing . wait for summer to end . oliver what do you do in the winter , then ? do not tell I : wait for summer , right ? elio we come here only for Christmas and some other vacation .. oliver Christmas ? 14 elio and Easter too . we be jewish , English , american , italian , french ... somewhat atypical . besides my family you be probably the only other Jew who have set foot in this town . oliver I be from a small town in New England . I know what its like to be the odd Jew out . ( beat ) and what else do you do here in summer , besides this ? elio smile , say nothing . they both laugh . oliver ( cont ’d ) what do you do ? elio transcribe music . read book . swim at the river . go out at night . oliver take this in , he eye hide by dark sunglass as he gather up he thing , cut they conversation off . they silently reclaim they bike . oliver seem to be mile away , but as elio be get on he bike , he lose balance for a moment and oliver put he arm around elio 's shoulder , steadying he . he then speed off , say '' later '' , leave elio on he own . ext . south terrazza - perlman villa - day 14 the same day . elio be sit at a table in the shade of the house , practice he guitar . from where he sit he can see oliver ride up on he bike and dismount . he have to pass by anchise , who be do some garden work with small plant and a ball of twine . oliver stop to watch and converse with anchise in italian . anchise non bisogna dare troppa acqua be pomodori . ( you dont want to douse the tomato with too much water ) oliver pomodori ? oh , tomato ... anchise si! tomatos .. se crescono troppo in fretta saranno pieni di semi . no good ! ( they will grow too fast . they will be mealy . ) elio see this but be too far away to hear what they say . 15 later . oliver be lie on a towel spread on the grass nearby , read a book , which we see be heraclithus . he wear a green bathing suit and he straw hat . his belonging be spread out around he : sun lotion , a note pad and pen , espadrille . at the bottom of the stair , in the middle of the field , the perlman and some friend in bathing suit be sit around a old stone drink trough , now use to freshen up . there be always people come and go at the perlman 's - friend , relative , acquaintance of elio , like marzia . we do not always learn who they be , but they give a sense of ever- move inhabitant of the place . Oliver lower he book and stare at elio , who be focus on the fingerboard . elio raise he face to see if oliver like what he be play , but oliver look back without expression , almost coldly . unsettle , elio break off for a moment , then return to he music-make , look down . oliver , aware that he have cause elio to interrupt he flow , get up and come over to where elio be sit . elio be non-committal , hide hurt feeling . in a pause , oliver question elio about the piece that break off - who be it , or be it yours ? do I know it ?... it sound like ... elio hit some note : this ? or that ? oliver just play it again . elio I think you do not like it . hate it ... oliver hate it ? what give you that idea ?.. just play it , will you ? elio the same one ? oliver the same one . the tall , half - naked oliver , hang over he intimidatingly , cause elio to get up and enter the house through the big door . int . live room - perlman villa - day 15 elio play the piece on the piano . oliver lean on the door look in . the music sound very different from when he play it on he guitar . oliver you change it . what do you do to it ? be it bach ? 16 10 . elio I just play it the way liszt would have play it if he have jimmied around with it . oliver just play it again , please ! elio begin play the piece again . oliver listen , then speak : oliver ( cont ’d ) I can not believe you change it again . elio not by much . that 's how busoni would have play it if he have alter liszt 's version . oliver can not you just play the bach the way bach write it ? elio bach never write it for guitar . in fact , we be not even sure it 's bach at all . oliver forget I ask . elio okay , okay . no need to get so work up . elio begin to play the bach in its original form . oliver , who have turn away , come back to the door . elio say , softly , over he play : elio ( cont ’d ) it 's young bach , he dedicated it to he brother . he play it beautifully , as if send it to oliver as a gift . int . elio 's bedroom - perlman villa - later 16 elio be write he diary , the wind be move the curtain . he then put the open diary on the bed and go into the share bathroom to pee , shutting the door behind he . the camera move close on to the diary and we read : '' ... I be too harsh when I tell he I think he hate bach ... '' 17 18 11 . the wind blow the page of the little book , then die down so that we can go on read : '' what I want to say be that I think he hate I ... '' ext . street / card cafe - town STREET - day 17 another day . oliver and elio walk down a street ; oliver step into a cafe . some man inside be sit at two or three table with play card . waiter bring coffee and other drink to the customer , the place be lively . narrator take in summer guest be elio 's dad and mom , the perlman , a way of help young academic revise manuscript before publication . summer resident do not have to pay anything , they be give the full run of the house and could basically do anything they pleased , provide they spend a hour or so a day help Professor perlman with he correspondence and assort paperwork . Oliver manuscript be on heraclithus and already have find a publisher in Italy for a translate version . elio 's father love nothing better than to have some precocious rise expert in he field of study help he . some of the man look up and nod at oliver . a game be start at one of the table and oliver be ask to join . he sit down to play . elio how do you know about this place ? Oliver wink . elio pull up a chair and sit , spectating . the card be deal . oliver , accept at once , treat he fellow player as equal . despite be a ' rich 's american ' intellectual 's , a guest at the villa of one of the area 's richest man , he have the ' common touch 's . elio be soon forget by oliver . now and then he supplies a translation of something say in lombard dialect by one of the player , to which oliver reply , '' thanks , buddy ! '' ext . MAIN entrance lawn - perlman villa - afternoon 18 a few of elio 's friend play a volleyball game in a makeshift court set up on the lawn by the main entrance of the villa . oliver be play with chiara , marzia 's slightly older sister , and another boy . 12 . the three make up one side of the game , while the oppose team be make up of three other we have not meet . elio sit on the side with marzia and another friend maria . all eye be on oliver , the glamorous american who have unexpectedly drop into they midst . marzia and she friend ask question about he . marzia ( in italian ) sicuramente @ meglio di quello dell ’anno scorso , it ricordi ? ( he 's certainly a big improvement from last year , do you remember ? ) elio and marzia laugh . maria ( in italian ) Oliver € un cowboy biondo datinista ! ( Oliver be a latin blonde scolar cowboy ! ) elio give maria a look that say '' yes '' , roll he eye . maria ( cont ’d ) ( look at elio and marzia ) Bella fregatura ! un’altra estate nella lavanderia . ( well , that suck for you guy ! another summer in the lavanderia . ) marzia jokingly punch maria 's shoulder . elio , bored and put off , get up and go to a nearby table under the lime tree , on it be some fresh fruit and a bottle of cold water . he take the bottle and go to he friend , offer it . oliver take the bottle and drink , then hand it back to elio without thanking he . oliver then put he free arm around elio , gently squeezing he thumb and forefingers into elio 's shoulder in a friendly hug-massage . elio , take by surprise , be spellbound for a instant , yield to Oliver 's hand , even lean into it -- then he wrench himself away from Oliver 's grab . taken aback , oliver apologize , ask elio if he have press a nerve or something : '' I do not mean to hurt you '' . honestly not want to discourage oliver , elio blurt out '' I be not hurt '' . elio have the face of someone try , but fail , to smother a grimace of pain . oliver go along with this charade . oliver ( back to massage elio 's shoulder ) here , let I make it better . relax . 19 revision 13 . elio but I be relax . oliver you be stiff as a board . you be make of knot . ( to marzia ) come here , feel this ... marzia put she hand on elio 's back . oliver press she flatten palm hard against it . oliver ( cont ’d ) here . feel it ? he should relax more . marzia you should relax more . maria ( to Oliver ) she certainly know how to get he to relax . elio relax until the other lose interest and resume the game . the two boy be play against the sister now . elio 's view of the player and of the ball in the air over they head be often obscure by the oliver 's muscular back , move in closer from the side . sometimes they collide , trip , fall into a heap . the girl shout rudely in italian . elio go back to the table under the lime tree and sit in the shade , far from the other . he be inadvertently rub the spot that Oliver have massage at the base of he neck with he free hand . mafalda and annella be set up the table for dinner . annella ( in italian ) C ’é Zia marcella e annessi per cena . Oliver si ferma con noi of esce stasera ? ( aunt marcella be come to dinner with she tribe . be Oliver in or out tonight ? ) elio ( shrugging , in french ) je not sais pas . ( who know ? ) mafalda che muvi star ! ext . table under the lime tree - perlman villa - evening 19 a gangly teenager look on with pretend disdain ; he voice be just change , he have a dark fuzz , unshaven , on he upper lip , he could be elio three or four year earlier . 20 21 14 . perlman be amusing the boy 's sister , two young niece , age about seven and nine , with a card trick . he have move plate and cutlery around to make space for entertaining the little niece . perlman scegli una carta . ok , ricordala be . ( pick a card . ok , remember it well . ) ( shuffles the deck E questa ? ( be this it ? ) int . elio 's and oliver 's bathroom - evening 20 upstair elio be shave he own upper lip . he keep listen for sound of the absent Oliver from he room - at one point he could softly knock on the door , and upon hearing nothing , look in . ext . table under the lime tree - perlman villa - evening 21 guest be gather at the table . mafalda announce dinner and remove the card from the table , put thing back in order . perlman make a funny face . two empty seat around the table . the absence of signor ulliva be comment upon . mafalda ask elio , who just show up , whether Oliver will be join they . '' sono le otto passate '' she say . annella appear from the live room , follow by she guest . annella ( in italian ) noi ci mettiamo a tavola ( we will sit down ) . elio ( in italian ) non vi sembra ineducato come dice '' later ... '' ? arrogante ? mi sembra che facciamo di tutto per farlo stare a suo agio da noi . ( do not you think it 's rude when he say '' later ... '' ? arrogant ? after all , it 's just to show he a good time here . ) perlman I do not think so . I think Oliver be shy . that 's what he be . the camera stay on elio as he consider the possibility . elio you watch , this be how he ’1ll say goodbye to we when the time come . with he gruff , slapdash , later ! 22 15 . annella meanwhile , we will have to put up with he for six long week . wo not we ? perlman I be tell you , he 's just shy . you 'il grow to like he . elio yeah , but what if I grow to hate he ? annella ( to elio ) mio piccino ! ( my little one ! ) ( to mafalda ) pudé togliere i piatti di Mr. Oliver ? ( you can remove Mr. Oliver 's place set away ? ) this be perform instantly and without a hint of regret . elio watch Oliver 's silverware , he place mat , glass , napkin , disappear as if he have never exist . elio grow thoughtful at the sudden violence of mafalda 's action - may even involuntarily put he own hand out to stop she . the other take a seat . perlman pick up he napkin to perform a trick for the child , wrapping it around he thumb . int . live room - perlman villa - night 22 when everyone return to the live room , perlman ask he son to play something he then go in the bar . elio non mis va . ( I do not feel like it ) perlman perché non it va ? ( why do not you feel like it ? ) elio ( sharply ) perché non mis va ! annella ( in french ) pourquoi tu not vas pas a moscazzano avec les autre ? ( why not to moscazzano with the other ? ) 23 24 25 16 . elio ( in french ) j’en be pas envie . ( I do not want to . ) annella go see you friend . go out . do something . ne reste pas la comme une araignée sur le mur , mon chéri ! ( do not just be a spider on the wall , darling ! ) spoil everyone 's fun . a burst of laughter from the kid . perlman return from the bar hold glass . the teenage boy pretend to be a spider and come at he cousin wave he arm menacingly . elio give in , and go over to the piano . he start play a lively piece . int . elio 's bedroom - perlman villa - night 23 elio be on he bed , still dress , in a restless half - sleep . he hear a noise outside and quickly strip off he clothes , put on he pajama bottom . but no one come , there be no sound on the stair or activity in the adjoin bathroom . int . elio 's bedroom - perlman villa - dawn 24 a ray of sunlight hit elio 's sleep face . he wake and get up . he go over to the door that separate he room from Oliver 's . he grab the doorknob and be about to knock , but do not . he look between the crack of the door : he can see Oliver sleep , still in he clothes . ext . lime tree - perlman villa - afternoon 25 another day . elio be sit at he usual table under the lime tree , work . from where he 's sit , elio can see perlman and oliver through a open window in he father 's study . they be discuss Oliver 's manuscript on heraclithus . elio try to listen . perlman I think you insight here be persuasive , but .. oliver go on , I be okay with criticism . perlman you be ? good . I think this need firming up . ( more ) 26 17 . perlman ( cont 'd ) it feel like you need to accept the paradoxical nature of this philosopher 's think , not just explain it .. anchise approach elio , carry a large fish wrap up in a t-shirt , which he uncover for elio . elio sei stato al fiume ? ( you have be at the river ? ) anchise ( smile ) si. anchise take the fish towards the kitchen . meanwhile in the studio the conversation continue . oliver ( nodd ) I be okay with firming up - I be okay with paradox . back to the draw board . perlman wait ... ( ironic , be : Oliver 's shabby look ) do you have a good time last night ? elio be distract by the sudden burst of enthusiasm hear from the kitchen over the fish anchise catch . ext . south terrazza / abbeveratoio - perlman villa - day 26 later . elio sit with he head back on the cushion of he chair , he eye close . oliver , far away , be sit on the edge of the trough , he foot in the water , read the page from the manuscript he show perlman . he look towards elio . oliver ( loud ) be you sleep ? he wave a sheet of he manuscript at he . elio ( to himself ) I be . Oliver gesture he to come closer . elio do , slowly . he notice Oliver be wear a red bathing suit . 27 18 . oliver just listen to this drivel : '' for the early Greeks , heidegger contend , this underlying hide - ness be constitutive of the way being be , not only in relation to themselves but also to other entity generally . in other word , they do not construe hide - ness merely or primarily in term of entity ' relation to human being . '' Oliver look at elio . oliver ( cont ’d ) do this make any sense to you ? not to I . nor to you dad . elio be pleased that Oliver have ask he opinion on the manuscript . elio maybe it do when you write it . oliver , as if pretend to weigh elio 's word carefully . oliver that 's the kindest thing anyone 's say to I in month . he speak ever so earnestly , as if hit by a sudden revelation , in a low tone . this make elio feel ill at ease . he look away . elio kind ? oliver yes , kind . silence return . elio look at oliver , in he red bathing suit , lie on the edge of the trough . and oliver let himself fall in the water , to elio 's surprise . still live 27 still life of Oliver 's swim trunk of different color drying on the bedroom windowsill . narrator Oliver have three personality depend on which bathing suit he be wear . Red : for bold , set in he way , gruff and ill-tempere snappy ... dangerous . ( more ) 28 19 . narrator ( cont 'd ) yellow : good-humored , funny , but not without barb - do not give in too easily . he do not wear he green bathing suit that often . it mean maybe that he be eager to learn , eager to speak , just eager , sunny . ext . abbeveratoio - perlman villa - afternoon 28 elio observe oliver swim in the narrow and long stone trough . annella be close , but she 's move away with a basket of freshly pick fruit . oliver come out of the water with he green swim trunk . oliver elio ! what be you do ? elio reading my music . Oliver lie down on a big towel , he belonging spread around it . oliver no you be not . elio think , then . oliver about ? elio private . annella , amused , listen to the conversation . oliver so you will not tell I ? elio so I will not tell you . oliver ( explain to annella ) so he will not tell I . in that case I be go with you mom . put on he espadrille , oliver take annella 's basket and follow she to the orchard , go up to a ladder and climb it , stretch into the branch for the ripe fruit as elio watch . elio go over to they and offer to hold the basket , which be fill with apricot . oliver continue to toss down fruit to elio and annella below . 29 30 20 . dissolve to ext . perlman villa - afternoon 29 oliver arrive on he bike from town , wear the blue bathing suit and the blue billowy shirt he have when he first arrive . the house be quiet and desert on a Saturday afternoon . int . elio 's bedroom - perlman villa - afternoon 30 elio be on he bed wear only a bathing suit . his right hand be down inside he swim suit . he be tense , expectant , alert to every sound . there be footstep just outside he door . oliver , shirtless , enter the room from the bathroom . elio quickly pull he bathing suit higher with a jerk movement as if catch in a embarrassing position . oliver why be not you with the other at the river ? elio be speechless , out of breath , say : elio I be ... I be ... I have ... a allergy . oliver I too . we might have the same one . elio shrug . a beat . oliver ( cont ’d ) want to go for a swim ? just the two of we ? elio ( still out of breath ) later , maybe . oliver ( extend he hand ) let 's go now . elio grab he hand and turn on he side face the wall , away from oliver , to prevent he from see he confusion - but in he movement be also a slight tug which could have pull oliver down on the bed . elio must we ? oliver straighten up , pause again to look down , and still grasp elio 's hand , succeed in pull he upright . 31 32 21 . oliver I be go to change . what about you ? he leave elio 's room . elio put he hand - the one Oliver have be hold - down inside he bathing suit , find it damp , pull it out , then hit he forehead with he fist say : '' stupid ! stupid ! '' he strip off the trunk and , naked and defiant , go out into the bathroom while grab a new pair of trunk . int . elio 's and oliver 's bathroom - perlman villa - afterngun elio , while wear he swimsuit , get a glimpse of oliver naked in he room . oliver ( call out as he get into he bathing suit ) see you downstairs ! int . staircase / bocchirale - perlman villa - afternoon 32 oliver come down the stair of the house follow by elio . they be surprised to find chiara and marzia there . oliver be not wear any shirt and chiara make a ball of the billowy blue shirt he have be wear earlier and toss it at he . he put it over the head of a bronze bust of elio 's grandmother . chiara enough now . we be go to the river and you 's be come . there be a number of Professor perlman 's loose papers lie on a chair in the bocchirale [ hallway ] . oliver start gather they up . oliver let I sort this papers out . or he father will skin I alive . chiara ( in french ) en parlant de peau , approche . ( talk about skin , come here . ) she go up to he and with she fingernails gently and slowly try to pull a sliver of peel skin from he tan shoulder . elio watch with envy , wishing he be the one do that . 22 . chiara ( cont ’d ) tell he father that I crumpled he papers . we will see what he say then .. he take the perlman papers to the study . while he 's go chiara look at Oliver 's manuscript lie on the chair . chiara ( cont ’d ) ( shouting ) I could do a better job translate than whoever this be . oliver ( return ) do you type good too ? chiara I type good . oliver as good as you speak good ? chiara bettah . and I have give you a bettah price too . stand still . she pull another patch of skin off he shoulder . as she 's do this he stand very close to she . oliver I need five page translate per day , to be ready for pickup every morning . look up at he . chiara then I will not do nu ’in for you . do not move . ( she extract another patch from he arm ) find yuh - sef somebuddy else . she drop the bit of peel - off skin into a plant . marzia ( in french ) allon nous baigner . ( let 's go swim . ) elio yeah , come on . he hand oliver he sunglass and hand he the red edition of lucretius , it be lie on a table and never leave he side . 33 23 . oliver ( mumble to elio ) thanks , buddy . there be a intimacy in this action that elio both enjoy and slightly flaunt . in return , chiara take Oliver 's arm to move he through the door , leave the other two to follow . as he leave , oliver put on he blue shirt . ext . restaurant with dance floor - night 33 a restaurant bar with a open air dance floor . everyone dance . chiara do she sexy dance for oliver , who be enjoy himself and be a very good dancer . the music be '' Paris latino '' by bandolero . elio go back to they table with marzia and one or two of the other . he watch chiara and oliver on the little dance floor . she move she thigh in between he . they move be not the move of people who stop at heavy petting . male friend # one ma ci sta provando ? ( be he hit on she ? ) male friend # two ha gid cuccato ? ( be they do it , then ? ) elio che not so . ( I do not care . ) male friend # one quanto vorrei essere nei suoi panni . ( I would love to be in he shoe . ) female friend # one ( to marzia ) chi non vorrebbe essere nei panni di lei , piuttosto . . ( who would not want to be in she shoe , I say .. ) elio watch they dance , think he have give anything to be in she shoe . marzia study the look on he face . he pretend to like watch they dance together . marzia ( to everyone ) lo vuole a tutti i costi , eh . ( she 's really after he , that 's clear . ) the music change , '' Love my way '' by psychedelic fur hit the dance floor . at the sound of this song oliver change he way of dance to a more self - obsessed style . a perfect new - wave style . 34 24 . they all watch oliver 's solo act with surprise and amusement . elio look at he , mesmerize , until marzia pull he back on the dance floor . there be a strange energy and exchange of glance between they . elio choose not to be embarrassed and let loose with a sharp little solo of he own . the other applaud . Close on marzia amused . ext . river - night 34 elio and marzia be at the river . they strip they clothes off . marzia ( in french ) tu n'e pas avec moi parce que tu es faché contre Chiara ? ( you be not with I because you 's be angry with Chiara ? ) elio ( in french ) pourquoi je serais faéché contre Chiara ? ( why should I be angry with Chiara ? ) marzia ( in french ) a cause de lui . ( because of he . ) elio shake he head , feign a puzzle look mean to show that he can not begin to guess where she have get such a notion . they run into the river . they swim and then come ashore . marzia ( cont ’d ) ( towell herself dry with she sweater ) retourne - toi . ne I regarde pas . ( turn around . do not stare at I . ) she look the other way while he get back into he own clothes . when they be no longer naked he take she hand and kiss it on the palm , then kiss the space between she finger , then she mouth . she 's slow to kiss he back . elio ( in french ) retrouvon - nous ici demain soir . je serai la avant toi . ( let 's meet tomorrow night . i’1ll be here before you . ) 25 . marzia ( in french ) ne le dis a personne . ( just do not tell anyone . ) 35 int . elio 's bedroom - perlman villa - night 35 the same night . all the light be off . elio , sleep in he bed , be wake up by the sound of Oliver pee in the adjoin bathroom - the careless , uninhibit male force of it . elio listen , then stand up and go towards the door . 36 ext . garden in front of the kitchen - perlman villa - day 36 the next morning . oliver show off he newly acquire talent with a soft- boil egg , neatly shearing off the shell . he look a bit hang -over , with circle under he eye . elio ( in something of a antic mood we have not see before , self - mock ) we almost do it . marzia and I . perlman ( from behind he paper , and raise he eyebrow ) and why do not you ? elio dunno . oliver ( half - comforting , half - mock ) better to have try and fail ... elio all I have to do be find the courage to reach out and touch , she would have say yes . oliver ( seemingly off - hand ) try again later . annella come in and while she be seating herself , ask : annella try later , what ? professor perlman and oliver laugh , then the Professor change the subject . 37 26 . perlman ( to oliver ) I just hear from the people in sirmione , they say they have come up with something . I be go there today , would you like to go with I ? oliver I have like that very much . elio can not I come too ? perlman on condition that you remain silent . oliver ( teasing ) Silent as in too many opinion on thing , or silent as in Security : not tell anybody what fabulous thing have be dig up ? perlman nothing be be dig up . it 's what have be bring up - out of the water . oliver look awed . ext . MAIN entrance - perlman villa - day 37 later . anchise be wiping the windshield of the perlman 's car . elio come out just as chiara arrive on she bike . she ask he where Oliver be . elio ( in french ) on va au lac de garde avec mon pére . Il veut montrer 4 Oliver l'endroit to il draguent . ( we’ be go to Lake garda with dad . he want to show Oliver where they 's be dredge . ) chiara be disappointed . chiara ( in french ) dis-lui que je suis passée . ( tell he I come by . ) 27 . elio ( in french ) Il est a4 l'intérieur , il aide mon pére . tu étais incroyable sur la piste , hier soir . ( he 's inside help dad . you be great on the dance floor last night . ) chiara ( in french ) Il danse tré bien . ( he dance great . ) elio ( in french ) et il est beau aussi , non ? ( and he 's great look , be not he ? ) chiara ( in french ) tu veux jouer les entremetteur ? ( what be you try to do , fix we up ? ) she leave he and go into the house . elio get in the back seat of the car and wait . then oliver and chiara come out . they speak for a moment , stand close . she kiss he on the cheek , then get on she bike and take off . oliver get into the front seat of the car , but elio tell he to sit in the back . elio dad always sit up front with anchise to navigate . oliver get in the back next to elio . he watch chiara riding away . elio ( cont ’d ) she seem to like you a lot - she 's more beautiful than she be last year . oliver do not respond . elio ( cont ’d ) I see she naked on a night swim . she have a great body . oliver turn to look at elio , surprised . oliver be you try to make I like she ? while talk they bare leg briefly collide . 38 39 28 . elio what would be the harm in that ? oliver no harm . except I like to go at it alone , if you do not mind . there be a long pause as professor perlman come out and speak to anchise . perlman ( to anchise ) guido io oggi , non it preoccupare . non fare quella faccia anchise ! prenditi il pomeriggio libero . ( I think I will drive myself today . anchise , do not be so upset ! take the afternoon off . ) oliver do not play at be the good host , just do not . perlman get in the front seat . as there seem to be a tense silence behind , he turn around as the engine start . perlman what 's go on , boy ? Oliver , come sit up front and be my navigator . oliver smile at elio as if to say : " see ? " int . / ext . perlman car - day - later 38 perlman drive the car through the countryside , oliver have a map open on he leg . hot air blow in through all the open window . they be silent as the news play on the radio , report on the p2 masonic lodge . elio look outside but he attention be draw to Oliver 's neck . narrator ( entry on the fact of this italian summer 1983 ) ext . sirmione - grotte DI catullo ( villa ) - day 39 perlman , oliver and elio walk through the magnificent ruin of the roman villa overlook Lake garda , the grotte di catullo ( cave ) . perlman be explain to Oliver that only part of the archaeological treasure of this area have come to light . 40 41 42 29 . perlman the ship go down in 1827 on the way to the villa of Count lechi here on this island . a delegation of archaeologist be wait for they . the senior member rush up to perlman and greet he . they all gather in the small beach that be dominate by the ruin . perlman be show with the arm of a statue . he be very excited . ext . sirmione - grotte DI catullo ( beach ) - day 40 a salvage operation be in progress . some small boat surround a float platform . at the center of the platform be a winch . there be scuba diver and other people all around . perlman go in the water and walk through the shallow towards a inflatable boat that be stand by , ready to take he to the platform . elio be proud of he father and like Oliver be excited . the professor gesture they to join he . ext . floating platform - lake garda - day 41 perlman , oliver , elio and other man be on the boat , now next to the platform . at the center of the platform below the cable of the winch be a large open . a steel cable be lower into the water and steady by the site worker . the wait . finally the cable be pull back up - it pull a antique statue out of the water . perlman , edging closer , watch the operation minutely . a bronze Boxer slowly come up through the open in the platform , secure by the husky diver , and as it do a chain - metal trap inch underneath it to prevent it from fall back into the water if something should go wrong . the statue , miss its leave arm but otherwise intact , be of a athlete , a boxer , naked , a kind of finger - less glove and wrist-strap . like the damage arm and glove hand , the statue be encrust with the lake water deposit of a century . it be still possible to admire the beauty of the athlete 's face , set with enamelle eye that seem to be stare straight out through the murky water at he rescuer . a photographer in fin go in for a close -up . there be great excitement . ext . sirmione - grotte DI catullo ( beach ) - afternoon 42 later , back on the beach . the bronze have be dry and clean . perlman be speak in italian with the other man and woman who take part in the operation , and who be analyze the find . 43 44 30 . elio dad , why be we only find he now ? perlman a good question . his partner - they be a pair - be in the vatican . there be four know set , after the praxiteles original . this fellow be number Three . the Emperor hadrian have a pair , dig up at tivoli , but one of the more philistine of the farnese pope melt they down and have they recast as a particularly voluptuous venus that be trade to napoleon later on . oliver I guess they do not need two pair . perlman no .. the sun be set , casting its last ray on the long -miss athlete for the first time in more than a hundred year . armed carabinieri assemble to guard it for the night . perlman ( cont 's D ) who would like to go for a swim before we head back ? ext . water - lake garda - sunset 43 they swim in a little cove not far from the rig that pull up the bronze Boxer . it be almost dark , with a cloud streak sky reflect in the water . the light on the rig go on , include a big floodlight . the lake be surround by snow cap mountain . tread water , perlman say to elio and oliver , who be nearby , and refer to the armed guard leave on the float platform with the athlete : perlman they 's be all such rogue . we boxer could be on a plane to the geneva antiquity market tonight for all I know . they laugh . the moon be beginning to rise over the water . ext . river - night 44 the same moon shine on the water of the river where marzia wait for elio , as promise . she look at she wristwatch . 45 46 47 48 49 31 . ext . perlman villa / MAIN entrance - night 45 the perlman car reach the villa and all get out . elio run around the house to get he bike and wheel it out on to the road . elio I have to go !! the two man smile at elio 's passionate haste . perlman be you go too ? oliver no prof , I have to work . perlman how about a drink to celebrate the day ? oliver that would be great . int . oliver 's room - perlman villa - night 46 oliver be sit at he desk in he boxer short only , work ; only the desk light be on . a light cigarette between he finger . a radio play some summer music at a low volume . Oliver wrap up he correction on a page and mark it : '' to be type '' . ext . road / river -— night 47 elio be riding on he bike on the way to the river , try to catch he date with marzia . when he get there , no one be wait . he call she name . there be a soft sound , little wave lap on the river shore . the moon be brighter than ever and have rise considerably . narrator [ tbc ] ext . garden - perlman villa - day 48 the follow day . a thunderstorm and heavy rain dash the plant in the garden and pour from the roof spout . int . live room - perlman villa - day 49 Inside the villa the three perlman be sit on a row ona big couch as the light flicker . 32 . annella have you see my heptameron ? perlman it must be over there ... annella find the book . annella this version be in german , but I ’1ll translate : ein gut aus sehender junger ritter ist wahnsinnig verliebt in eine prinzessin . sie auch ist in ihn verliebt . '' , .. a handsome young knight be madly in love with a princess . she too be in love with he ... ... obwohl es so scheint , al sei sie sich nicht vollig ihrer eigenen liebe bewusst . ... though she seem not to be entirely aware of it . despite the friendship ... freundschaft ... that blossom between they , or perhaps because of that very friendship , the young knight find himself so humble and speechless that he be totally unable to bring up the subject of he love . one day he ask the princess point - blank : ich bitte euch ratet mir be besser ist ... reden oder sterben . ' be it better to speak or die 's . the light suddenly all go out in the house ; the music from a long - play record die to a stop . there be a shout in the kitchen , mafalda . elio ( still think about the knight and the princess ) I have never have the courage to ask such a question . perlman we be you age once . the thing you feel and think only you have feel , believe I , we have suffer through all of they , and more than once - some you never get over and other you be as ignorant about as you be today . 50 51 52 33. annella ( nodd in agreement ) make new friend if the old one do not interest you but stop hane around the house all the time . book , book , book , always book , et toute ces partition ... ( be all that score book ) ... play more tennis , go dance more often with Chiara and marzia - tu les aime no ? ( you like they , do not you ? ) get to know people ... perlman find out why other be so necessary in life and not just foreign body to be sidl up to . they have be sit in near darkness . the rain beat against the window pane . annella spread a afghan over the knee of the three of they , say '' it 's get cold in here '' . just then the light come back on and the music resume . she look at she son and run she finger through he hair tenderly . annella fai anche pazzie se devi . ( do crazy thing if you must . ) ( fais des foly , s’il le faut . ) int . live room / kitchen - perlman villa - day 50 the next day . the storm have pass , leave a coolness . elio be play the piano . he be immerse in think , he mind be elsewhere . he break off , get up , move from room to room downstairs . the kitchen be empty as well . it 's the hour of siesta . Oliver 's bike be miss . int . staircase / corridor - perlman villa - day 51 elio go back inside and up the stair very quietly and along the corridor he share with Oliver . he approach Oliver 's door like a detective look for clue . he be about to open it when he hear the sound of someone come up the back stair ; he open the door to he own room instead , and walk in . int . corridor / elio 's - oliver 's room / share bathroom - 52 day mafalda appear in the corridor , hold the laundry of the two young man . she brusquely open Oliver 's door , put Oliver 's short , sock , handkerchief , maybe the blue '' pillowy '' shirt , on he dresser . she go out , then knock on elio 's door . 53 54 55 34 . elio say '' avanti '' and she go in with a pile of the same sort of clothes belong to he . he 's lie on he bed , pretend to read a book . she leave ; he can hear she retreate footstep . when she be safely go he stealthily go into Oliver 's room through the bathroom they share . he look around Oliver 's room . int . oliver 's room - perlman villa - day 53 he go to the little pile of laundry and examine it , see the fold boxer short ( or jockey ) - pass he finger tip over they , then go to the closet . hanging on a hook be the red bathing suit . he pick it up - it 's dry - and bring it to he face . he rub he face inside it , smell it , look inside it as if search for something , kiss every inch of it , lick the inside of the supporter as if try to finda taste of Oliver . elio quickly slip out of he own bathing suit and pull on Oliver 's . he undoe Oliver 's bed and get into it , put the pillow over he face and kissing it savagely , smell it again and again , search for Oliver 's scent , then wrap he bare leg around it . suddenly he hear the sound of a bicycle approach go to look out the window . he can just partly see oliver leave he bike by a wall and come in the villa . elio remove Oliver 's trunk and tidy up the bed , exite the room . int . corridor ( 1st floor ) - perlman villa - day 54 elio run towards the window at the end of the corridor and look down from it . no one . finally Oliver appear go down the step and move towards the stone trough . elio run to the stair and go down to the ground floor . ext . abbeveratoio - perlman villa - day 55 later . elio be sit under the tree with he score book open . oliver sit on the edge of the stone trough with he foot in the water , he be wear he straw hat . elio my mom 's be read this 16th century french romance . she read some of it to my dada and I the day the light go out . oliver about the knight who do not know whether to speak or die ? you tell I already . elio yes. 35 . oliver well , do he or do not he ? elio better to speak , she say . but she 's on she guard . she sense a trap somewhere . oliver so do he speak ? elio no , he fudge . oliver that figure . listen , I need to pick up something in town . elio I will go , if you want I to . beat . oliver let 's go together . elio now ? oliver why , have you get anything better to do ? elio no . oliver put some page of he manuscript into he old fray book bag . oliver so let 's go . elio put down he fountain pen , close he score book , and in do so knock a half - full glass of lemonade onto the grass . it do not break . oliver , who be close by , come over , pick it up , and put it back where it be . elio you do not have to . creating a little pause before replying , for emphasis . oliver I want to . 36 . 56 ext . perlman villa - day 56 on the way to the shed to collect they bike , they pass anchise , who hand oliver he bike with a wry smile . oliver smile back . anchise ( mixture of italian and English ) ( I straighten the wheel . it take some do . I also put air in the tire . ) oliver grazie . elio and oliver reach the road , where they pause for a moment . oliver pull up he shirt and pull down the top of he short to expose a big scrape and bruise on he leave hip . oliver ( cont ’d ) ( show elio he wound ) I fall the other day on the way back and scrape myself pretty badly . anchise insisted on apply I some sort of witch 's brew . he also fix the bike for I . elio lean over closely to see Oliver 's scrape , which be smear with a black unguent . elio do he give you the creep ? oliver who ? elio that 's what my aunt say . anchise . oliver ( pull he clothes together and turn out on the road ) of course not . just a lose soul , really , like most of we . 57 ext . town square - day 57 they arrive on they bike at the little town square . oliver busy a pack of cigarettes , gauloise . he light one up , then offer one to elio . oliver you want to try one ? 37 . elio nod and oliver cup he hand very near elio 's face and light he cigarette . oliver ( cont ’d ) not bad , right ? elio ( draw on it ) not bad at all . I think you do not smoke . oliver I do not. ( take another drag ) they walk they bike towards the little World War I memorial in the center of the square which be dedicated to the youth of the town who perish in the Battle of piave . they pause a moment to read the plaque . oliver ( cont ’d ) World War ii ? do the ally fight near here ? elio no. this be World War I . you have have to be at least eighty year old to have know any of they . oliver be there anything you do not know ? I never hear of the Battle of piave . elio look at oliver . he hesitates , then burst out : elio I know nothing Oliver . nothing , just nothing . oliver ( look at he steadily you know more than anyone around here . elio if you only know how little I know about the thing that really matter . oliver what thing that matter ? elio look he straight in the eye for once , summoning up he courage : elio you know what thing . by now you of all people should know . silence . 38 . oliver why be you tell I all this ? elio because I think you should know . oliver ( he repeat elio 's word slowly , play for time as he consider they ) because you think I should know . elio because I want you to know ( blurt it out ) because there be no one else I can say this to but you . there be a magnificent view . a tiny bus work its way uphill , with some biker struggle behind it . to buy time , oliver turn to look at it before replying : oliver be you say what I think you be say ? elio yes . now that he 's spill the bean at last , elio take on the laid - back , mildly exasperate air which the felon have , once he surrender to the police , when he confess how he rob the store . oliver look at elio for a long moment , then gesture towards the shop front where he take he manuscript to be type up . oliver wait for I here . do not go away . elio ( look at oliver with a confide smile ) you know I be not go anywhere . two bus stop nearby to unload they passenger - older woman arrive from adjoin village to shop . elio turn to read the name list on the monument . oliver return . oliver ( frown ) they 's have mix up my page and now they have to retype the whole thing . so I have nothing to work on this afternoon . which set I back a whole day . damn ! 58 39 . elio look as if it have be he fault the typist make a mistake . elio I wish I have not speak . oliver I be go to pretend you never do . elio ( unfaze ) do this mean we be on speak term - but not really ? oliver think about this . oliver look , we can not talk about such thing , we really can not . he sling he bag with its papers around he and the two be off down hill . ext . country road / spring - fontanili gaverine - day 58 now that elio have laid he card on the table , the scenery and the fine weather buoy he spirit . they ride together on the empty country road that at this time of day be all for they . the sun pound expose patch along the way , expose the undergrowth . thirsty they stop by a factory . they look for water and in the factory Oliver be surprised to see a mussolini picture hang on a wall . they laugh . later , at another crossroad . elio follow I . I x11 show you a spot visitor have never see . that be , if you have time . elio turn off into a little path towards some spring water pond surround by willow tree . elio lean he bike against one of they , follow by oliver . elio ( cont ’d ) this be my spot . all mine . I come here to read . I can not begin to tell you the number of book I have read here . Oliver put he hand in the water . oliver it 's freezing cold ! 40 . elio the spring be in the mountain , the alpi orobie . the water come straight down from there . Oliver freshen up he face with this water . oliver do you like be alone ? elio no one like be alone . but I have learn how to live with it . oliver be you always so wise ? so very wise ? elio I be not wise at all . I tell you , I know nothing . I know book , and I know how to string word together - it do not mean I know how to speak about the thing - about the thing that matter most to I . oliver but you be do it now - in a way . elio yes , in a way - that 's how I always say thing : in a way . stare out down on the on the tip to he foot at the view so as not to look at he , elio sit grass . oliver crouch a few yard away from elio of he toe , as if at any moment he might spring and go back to the bicycle . elio ( cont ’d ) I come here to escape the know world . oliver I like the way you say thing . why be you always put yourself down ? elio ( shrugging ) I do not know . so you will not , I suppose . oliver be you so scared of what other think ? or what I think ? elio shake he head . oliver wait for elio to say something . he stare at he . 41 . in the silence of the moment , elio stare back . it be the first time elio have dare to stare back at oliver openly . before this moment he have always cast a glance , then look away from Oliver 's steely gaze . it be as if , finally , elio be say to Oliver : this be who I be , this be who you be , this be what I want . he stare back with a I - dare - you - to-kiss - I gaze . oliver ( cont ’d ) you be make thing very difficult for I . elio do not back down . neither do oliver . elio why be I make thing difficult ? oliver because it would be very wrong . elio would ? oliver sit down on the grass , then lie down on he back , he arm under he head , stare at the sky . oliver yes , would . I be not go to pretend this have not cross my mind . elio I have be the last to know . oliver well , it have . there ! what do you think be go on ? elio go on ? nothing ... nothing . after a long silence : oliver I see . you have get it wrong , my friend - if it make you feel better , I have to hold back . it 's time you learn to do that too . each lean on one arm , both stare out at the view . oliver ( cont ’d ) you be the luckiest kid in the world . 42 . elio ( in something of a mock tone ) you do not know the half of it . oliver think about this . then elio blurt out : elio ( cont ’d ) so much of it be wrong . oliver what ? you family ? elio that too . oliver we , you mean ? elio do not reply . oliver move up close to he . very close . he stare right in elio 's face , as though he like elio 's face and want to study it , linger on it . oliver touch elio 's lower lip with he finger , let it travel leave and right , then right and leave again . oliver smile at elio as he lie there , and that very smile fill elio with a kind of apprehension about what will happen next . what happen next be that oliver bring he lip to elio 's mouth in a warm I 'il - meet - you -halfway - but - no - further kiss , a conciliatory kiss . elio 's return kiss be so famish he lose himself in it . oliver ( cont ’d ) ( afterwards ) better now ? elio do not answer . he kiss oliver again , lift he face , as if to discover more , know more . even with they face touch , they body be angle apart . elio lift one knee as if to face oliver . oliver ( cont ’d ) I think we should go . elio not yet . oliver we can not do this - I know myself . so far we have behave . we have be good . neither of we have do anything to feel ashamed of . let 's keep it that way . I want to be good . 59 60 43. elio do not be . I do not care . who be to know ? elio reach for oliver in a quick , desperate move , let he hand rest on Oliver 's crotch . oliver do not move . with total composure , in a gesture that be both gentle and commanding , he bring he own hand there , let it rest on elio 's fora second . he twine he finger into elio 's , then lift he hand . a moment of silence . elio ( cont ’d ) ( suddenly abash by he own action ) do I offend you ? oliver just do not . he give elio he hand and help he stand up . he pull up he shirt to examine the scrape . oliver ( cont ’d ) I should make sure it do not get infect . elio we can stop by the pharmacist on the way back . ext . road - day 59 they glide down the slope on they bike , with wind in they hair . elio we ’1ll never speak again , you know .. oliver do not say that . elio I just know it . we ’1ll chit-chat , chit -chat , chit -chat . and the funny thing be , I can live with that . oliver you just rhyme . ext . garden in front of the kitchen - perlman villa - day 60 lunch . a middle - age art historian couple have be invite to lunch . the man be pompous , he wife no less so , drop italian expression constantly into she conversation . both be English . elio and oliver can hardly keep from laugh . perlman shoot he son a warning glance . 61 62 44 , before dessert , as mafalda be clear away the plate , and as the other be pre-occupy with a conversation about antonello da Messina , elio feel a warm , bare foot casually brush he . elio , thrilled , wait a few moment before withdraw he foot , so as not to give Oliver the impression he be recoil in panic . elio 's foot , after a few second , begin to seek the other out . his toe suddenly bump Oliver 's foot , which have not move away . without warning , Oliver 's foot at once move onto elio 's . softly , gently , it begin a caress motion , never hold still , but rub the arch of elio 's foot with the smooth round ball of Oliver 's heel , hold elio 's foot in place . the caress be sometimes tie to the lady art historian 's more ludicrous comment in italian , Oliver 's way of comment on the pair . but it also be tell elio that this be strictly between the two of they , and be a return to the intimacy of they secret kiss on the grass . we see the stealthy foot - play . for Oliver it be all fun and game , punctuate the conversation . elio become giddy as mafalda serve he ice-cream . as he begin to eat , it notice red spot appear on the dessert . it 's come from above he head . he realize that it be stream from he nose , that he be have a nosebleed . elio ( cover he nose with he napkin ) ghiaccio , ice , mafalda , per favore , presto ! oliver , astound , leap up and hand he he napkin . elio try to be calm , explain to everyone how " it happen all the time '' . holding the napkin to he nose to stanch the stream of blood fall into he dessert , he rise and leave . int . kitchen - perlman villa - day 61 elio be in the kitchen look for ice to stop he nose bleed , but the freezer be empty . int . bar - perlman villa - day 62 later . in a very tight and confine space beside the live room be the perlman bar . elio be sit on the floor , he head tilt back , and be hold a napkin full of ice - now a mixture of blood and water - on he nose . beside he be a ice bucket . oliver elio ! where be you ? 45 . oliver be the bocchirale [ hallway ] , look for he . elio wave from the bar . Oliver go over to he . elio smile ruefully . oliver ( cont ’d ) be it my fault ? elio I be a mess , be not I ? oliver I guess . the ancient say it never hurt to be ble from time to time . elio sit for a second . elio shift a little to make room . the place be very tight , he bare foot touch Oliver 's ankle for a moment . oliver take elio 's foot in he hand and begin massage they , pull on he toe until they crack . elio cry out in mingle pleasure and pain . elio ( cont ’d ) where do you learn to do that ? oliver my jewish grandmother . she do it all the time to we . elio look again at Oliver 's necklace with the Star of David on he chest . elio I have one of that . oliver you do not ever wear it ? elio my mother say we be Jews of discretion . oliver I guess that fit you mom ... elio you be go to kill I , you know that ? ouch ! oliver ( give a final tug to one of elio 's big toe , and get up ) I hope not . 63 64 46 . oliver ( cont ’d ) be you go to be okay ? elio I will get over it . oliver come on , stand up . lie on the couch , rest a little . i’11l stick around . Oliver help elio up . int . bocchirale - perlman villa - day 63 in the bocchirale oliver meet the sister marzia and chiara . they 's be giggle . chiara how be he ? will he live ? oliver I think so . he give I a scare . bleed all over the dining table . chiara really ? I x11 be back in a minute . do not go anywhere . int . live room - perlman villa - day 64 the girl burst into the live room where elio be lie on the couch . chiara sit at the foot of it , marzia stand peer down at elio . he look up at she a bit sheepishly . chiara take a cigarette out of a pack and light it . she take a drag on it , then hold it out close to the sole of elio 's bare foot . he pull it up fast . chiara ( in french ) can t'a fait mal ? pourtant , tu as des pied de paysan qui not sentent rien . paysan ! ( you feel that ? you have peasant foot . they do not feel thing . peasant ! ) marzia ( in french ) laisse - le tranquille ! ( leave he alone ! ) marzia caress he hair softly . 65 65 a 47 . chiara ( in french ) doucement . tu vas encore le faire saigner . ( easy . you 'il make he bleed again . ) she hold out she pack of cigarettes to he and he take one . she light it for he and he smoke it . chiara look at he coolly , as if look at a rival . chiara ( cont ’d ) ( in french ) alor ... on sort ou pas ? ( so ... be we go somewhere ? ) elio ( in french ) peut -6tre . mais si on sort , il not faut pas que mar mére I voie , elle s'inquiéterait . ( regardant autour de lui ) ou est Oliver ? ( maybe . but if I go out my mother can not see I . she will get worried . ( look around ) where 's Oliver ? ) chiara ( in french ) qu’est - ce que joen sais ? ( how would I know ? ) ext . river - afternoon 65 elio walk into the fresh water and swim . down the river be a group of he friend play on the grass , Oliver be not there . elio be not unhappy . there be a rippling shaft of sunlight on the water directly towards he . he swim into it . int . kitchen / patio - perlman villa - later 65 a elio make himself a smoothie in mafalda 's kitchen , cut up a peach , a banana , then a pear , date . mafalda want to do it for he and try to take the knife away . to she , a smoothie be a foreign concoction . mafalda faccio io . ( let I ) elio no , no , faccio da solo . ( no , I be do it by myself ) 48 . he put the cut - up fruit into a blender . while the blender make the smoothie he glance from the window out in the garden at annella sit on the bench overlook the south garden . she be work on a manuscript . he take the smoothie out into the garden , it be the last hour of the sun in the wane day . he drink the smoothie , feel rest . he call to he mother . elio ( cont ’d ) est-ce qu 's Oliver est la ? ( be Oliver around ? ) annella n’est il pas sorti ? ( do not he go out ? ) mafalda exit from the kitchen . while elio go to sit with he mother . mafalda signora vuole un frullato pure lei ? ( Madame do you want a smoothie too ? ) annella no grazie mafalda , ceniamo tra poco . ( no , thanks mafalda , we be go to dinner ) elio io esco stasera , non ceno ( I be go out this evening , I will not have dinner ) mafalda ma dove vai a quest ’ora ? mi fai preoccupare . ( but where at this hour ? I worry ) elio ma di che ? ( about what ? ) mafalda secondo I non va be . signora ... ( I would advise against it ) annella ( smiling ) lasciamolo fare . ( let 's leave he ) mafalda enter the kitchen . 66 67 revision49 . annella ( cont ’d ) tu 1l 'aime bien , n’est - ce pas , Oliver ? ( you like he , do not you ? Oliver ? ) elio tout le monde aime Oliver . ( everyone like Oliver . ) annella Il t’aime bien aussi - plus que toi , je pense . ( he like you too - more than you do , I think . ) elio c’est ton impression ? ( be that you impression ? ) annella non c’est celle do Oliver . ( no , it be Oliver 's . ) elio quand t’a - t - il dit cela ? ( when do he tell you that ? ) annella Il y a un moment . ( a while ago . ) annella caress elio 's hair . he abruptly stand up . then sit down again . ext . south terrazza - perlman villa - evening 66 after dinner . elio be in the terrazza , wait for Oliver to return . he try to read a book but he cannot concentrate . ( we notice that he be now wear he Star of David . ) int . elio 's bedroom - perlman villa - night 67 late night . elio be sit at he desk , wide awake . he have leave the bathroom door intentionally ajar , hope that the light from the foyer might stream in just enough to reveal he body . as elio hear oliver step onto the landing in the hall , he jump back in he bed pretend to be asleep . oliver walk past elio 's room without stop , without even a hesitation , and go into he own room and shut the door . a few moment later elio hear Oliver open the door from he bedroom into they common bathroom . then he hear the door into he own room from the bathroom click shut , as if be lock . elio sit up in bed . 68 revision50 . elio ( to himself , under he breath ) traitor . traitor ! ext . garden in front of the kitchen - perlman villa - day 68 the next day . elio be the last to arrive . he pretend to ignore oliver , who be crack open the top of he soft - boil egg . annella look at oliver in a worried way : annella guarda un po 's quanto sei pallido . ( how gaunt you look ! ) perlman look up from he paper . perlman I pray to God you make a kill last night , otherwise I 'il have to answer to you father . oliver ( speak down into the messy egg-crack business ) I never lose , pro . perlman do you father approve ? oliver I pay my own way . I have pay my way since high school . my father could not possibly disapprove . perlman do you have a lot to drink last night ? oliver ( butter he bread ) that - and other thing . perlman I do not think I want to know . oliver neither do my father . and to be perfectly frank , I do not think I care to remember myself . elio look up at this . perlman do you save you winning ? 51 . oliver save and invest , pro . perlman I wish I have have you head at you age ; I would have spare myself many mistaken turn . oliver mistaken turn ? I can not picture you even imagine a mistaken turn . perlman that 's because you see I as a figure , not a human be . worse yet : as a old figure . but there be . mistaken turn , that be . everyone go through a period of traviamento - when we take , say , a different turn in life , the other via . Dante himself do . some recover , some pretend to recover , some never come back , some chicken out before ever start , and some , for fear of take any turn , find themselves lead the wrong life all life long . both young man listen . at the end oliver proceed to crack another egg . he have big bag under he eye . he do look gaunt . oliver sometimes the traviamento turn out to be the right way , pro . or as good a way as any . I know myself . perlman ( lighting a cigarette , and nodd ) at you age I know nothing . but today everyone know everything , and everyone talk , talk , talk . annella perhaps what Oliver need be sleep , sleep , sleep . oliver tonight , I promise , signora P. , no poker , no drink . i’1l put on clean clothes , go over my manuscript , and after dinner we ’1ll all watch tv and play canasta , like old folk in Little Italy . annella sigh melodiously , relieved that perlman 's word have convinced he to stay home and rest . 69 52 . she offer Oliver more coffee , tell she seventeen year old son not to slouch in he chair . mafalda bring in some apricot juice in a chill silver pitcher . ext . MAIN entrance lawn - perlman villa - day 69 oliver be do some work for perlman , specify . he seem hard at work and do not look up as elio approach . elio do not know how to break the silence . then he see and kick the volleyball lie under the nearby lime tree . the ball hit Oliver '' waking he up '' from he work . elio ( despite himself , sounding peevish ) I wait for you last night . Oliver throw back the ball at he . oliver why do not you come into town ? elio stop the ball . elio dunno . oliver we have a nice time . you would have too . do you rest at least ? mafalda say you go swim . elio I be okay . restless , I guess . oliver go back to stare at the page he be write and mouth the syllable . elio kick the ball again . elio ( cont ’d ) be you head into town this morning ? oliver later , maybe . elio I be go to head into town myself . oliver ummmm . I see . elio a book I order finally arrive . 70 71 53. int perlman studio - perlman villa - day 70 from inside he studio perlman watch the two boy talk on the lawn . ext . MAIN entrance lawn - perlman villa - day ( cont ’d ) 71 the conversation continue . oliver I will pick it up for you if you want . elio it be just that I be hope we have go together . oliver you mean like the other day ? elio I do not think we will ever do anything like that again . but yes , like that . ( beat ) that day belong to a different time warp . we should leave sleep dog - oliver listen , now look at elio straight in the face . oliver that voice of wisdom be you most win trait . do you like I that much , elio ? elio do I like you ? do I like you , Oliver ? I worship you . oliver 's face soften . he be touch by elio 's forthright and brave avowal . oliver I 'il go with you but - no speech . elio no speech , not a word . oliver ( gather he thing ) what do you say we grab we bike in half a hour ? 72 73 74 75 54 . ext . spring - fontanili gaverine - day 72 the vital , pure , and joyful sight of a fresh water spring , the unstoppable stream gush out from earth . narrator ( v.o. ) two young man travel by bike , riding into town and back ... they swim , play volley - ball , eat , drank , and late at night run into each other on the very same piazzetta where two morning before so much - but actually nothing - be say between they . Oliver be with a girl , elio also be with a girl . if he have not mess thing up with he dramatics , elio could have enjoy this for its own sake . every day they could have ride into town and back , and even if that be all Oliver be willing to give elio , he would have take it . omitted 73 ext . street of crema - day 74 elio and oliver walk they bike along the street of crema . elio stop and give a book to oliver , who open it and read what he have write . oliver Zwischen immer und Nie ... ( for you in silence , somewhere in Italy in the mid-eighty ) . this be the best present I have receive all year . elio I be glad then . I just want to ... ( lightly ) I know - no speech . ever . ext . country road - fontanili gaverine - day 75 on the return ride , elio ignore the turn to '' he place '' , i fontanili . oliver , on the other hand , recognize it , and as he pass see the pathway disappear into the tree . Oliver 's Pov of the path . 76 77 55 . ext . south terrazza - perlman villa - sunset 76 the perlman be sit have a drink at sundown . they be join by oliver , he hair glisten and slicked back after he late afternoon shower . he make himself a light drink and ease back into he chair with a sigh of content . his ' star 's look beam all over he feature . annella we muvi star ... oliver I will miss all this , Mrs. P. annella and we will certainly miss you . perlman you must think of this place as you second home - or third , or fourth , whatever . but the welcome mat will definitely be out ( to elio , who have just stroll in ) . ) be not that true ? elio ( cautiously ) any time ... annella ennnnnni taaim ... perlman how be the work go ? oliver it 's go . perlman Planning to go into town tonight ? oliver not tonight . maybe tomorrow . perlman no poker either ? oliver smile and shake he head . int . kitchen - perlman villa - night 77 later , after dinner . mafalda be clean up the kitchen . elio , restless , come in and go to the fridge , scoops up some ice cream into a bowl , and go outside , eat as he walk . 78 719 80 81 56 . ext . garden - perlman villa - night 78 elio stand in the garden with the bowl of ice cream and look up at Oliver 's window . there be a faint glow , like that of a desk lamp . a red bathing suit be drying . from inside we hear the sound of the perlman 's television . int . live room - perlman villa - night 719 elio , restless , uncharacteristically idle , sit down with he parent to watch tv . the news on tv talk about the first socialist government presently take power in Italy , under the guide of bettino craxi . elio half watch . he light a cigarette . annella ( engross ) not in here ! elio get up and go into he father 's study , to he desk , at the telephone . he dial marzia 's number and she answer . marzia ( voice ) ( in french , there be a flatness of tone ) tu es encore malade ? ( be you still sick ? ) elio ( in french ) c'était rien . tu veux sortir ? je peux passer the prendre en vélo , on peut aller ... ( it be nothing . do you want to go out ? I can come on my bike and pick you up . we can go to ... ) marzia ( in french ) ok , je vien . ( yeah . i’11l come . ) omitted 80 ext . street - crema - night 81 elio and marzia be wheeling they bike through the town street . elio see a bookstand and ask marzia to hold he bicycle . we stay with marzia who see elio feverishly browse through the stand . he find something he like and busy it . returns to she and give she the book . on impulse , elio kiss marzia behind the ear . she seem to freeze . he kiss she again and whisper : 82 83 omitted 57 . elio can t 'a dérangé ? ( do it bother you ? ) marzia ( whisper back , in french ) Bien sir que non . ( of course not . ) 82 ext . street / piazza premoli - crema - night 83 outside in the street . they converse as they walk in french . marzia pourquoi tu mas acheté ce livre ? ( why do you buy I this book ? ) elio parce que j'en avais envie . ( because I feel like it . ) marzia oui , mais pourquoi tu l'as acheté pour moi ? pourquoi m'acheter un livre 4 moi ? ( yes but why do you buy it for I ? why buy I a book ? ) elio je comprend pas to question . ( I do not understand what you be ask . ) marzia n’importe qui comprendrait pourquoi et toi tu not comprend pas ! ( a idiot would understand why I be ask but you do not . ) elio je the suis toujour pas . ( I still do not follow . ) marzia tu es désespérant . ( you 's be hopeless . ) elio Si tu not I le dis pas , je vais imaginer des chose ... ( more ) 58 . elio ( cont 'd ) ( if you do not tell I , I x11 imagine all sort of thing ... ) marzia sei un coglione . ( tu n'e qu 'un crétin ) donne - moi une cigarette . ( give I a cigarette . ) they be walk very slowly , wheeling they bike . there be frequent burst of sound from behind shutter window : tvs , family argument , music . marzia ( cont ’d ) tu lis vraiment autant que ¢a ? je veux direi : moi aussi , j'aime lire , mais je not le dis a personne . ( do you really read that much ? do not get I wrong . I like to read , too . but I do not tell anyone . ) elio pourquoi tu not le dis pas ? ( why do not you tell anyone ? ) marzia je not sais pas ... Les gen qui lisent sont cachottier . il cachent ce qu 'il sont vraiment . Les gen qui cachent n'aiment pas toujour ce qu 'il sont . ( I do not know .. people who read be hider . they hide who they be . people who hide do not always like who they be . ) they wheel they bike in the direction of piazza premoli , a beautiful town square dominate by a marvellous 18th century palazzo . elio tu cache qui tu es vraiment ? ( do you hide who you be ? ) marzia parfois . pas toi ? ( sometimes . do not you ? ) elio Si , sarement . tu le fais avec moi aussi ? ( I suppose . do you hide from I ? ) 59 . marzia non , pas avec toi . ou si , peut - étre , un petit peu . ( no , not from you . or maybe , yes , a bit . ) elio comment can ? ( like what ? ) marzia tu sais tré bien ce que je veux dire . ( you know exactly like what . ) elio pourquoi tu dis can ? ( why do you say that ? ) marzia pourquoi ? parce que je pense que tu peux I faire souffrir et que je not veux pas souffrir . ( why ? because I think you can hurt I and I do not want to be hurt . ) she think for a moment . marzia ( cont ’d ) pas parce que tu cherch 4 blesser , mais parce que tu change toujour d'avis , alor , on not sait donc jamais a quoi s'en tenir . tu m'effray . ( not that you mean to hurt anyone , but because you 's be always change you mind , so no one know where to find you . you scare I . ) elio lean over in one of they pause and kiss marzia lightly on the lip . she stop by the gate of palazzo premoli . marzia ( cont 's D ) tu m'embrass encore ? ( kiss I again ? ) once they be close , he hold she face with both hand and lean into she as they begin to kiss , he hand go up under she shirt , hers go in he hair . they enter the palazzo courtyard and enter a dimly light corner . her hip respond to he , without inhibition . there be nothing between they body but they clothes . she slip a hand between they and down into he trousers . 84 85 60 . marzia ( cont ’d ) ( in a surprised tone ) comme tu es dur ! ( you 's be so hard . ) he try to speak , tell she '' you be make I harder '' - but she cut he off . marzia ( cont ’d ) embrasse - moi encore . ( kiss I again . ) he do so . marzia ( cont ’d ) ma tu mis vuoi veramente be ? ( tu tien vraiment a moi ? ) ( do you really care for I ? ) she be frank , human , vulnerable , eager to confide . she keep she hand down in he pants as they kiss more passionately , and he hand stray all over she body . ext . river - night 84 a desert spot on the river , later . marzia and elio make love on the grass . he pull out just in time and ejaculate on she belly . they burst out laugh . elio je suis désolé ! je suis désolé ! ( I be sorry ! I be sorry ... ) int . elio 's bedroom - perlman villa - dawn 85 later . it be now dawn . elio be in he room sit naked at he desk . his small lamp be on . he take up a school notebook and tear out a page . he begin write the note to Oliver : please do not avoid I . he crumple that up . please do not avoid I . it kill I . he crumple that up too , and write : you silence be kill I . he say to himself , out loud , elio Way over the top . he write : 86 61 . can not stand think you hate I . he tear that up too , and try again : I have sooner die than know you hate I . he laugh , tear that one up , and write once more : can not stand the silence . I need to speak to you . he read this , like it . he lift he right hand to he face , smell he fingertip , he palm , then he other hand like that too . elio get up , fold the last note , and slip it under the door that separate he room from Oliver 's . ext . garden in front of the kitchen - perlman villa - day 86 Breakfast . professor perlman sit behind he newspaper , while a very sleepy elio crack he egg . oliver walk in , sit down , and without look at elio , say : oliver do you enjoy yourself last night ? elio insomma ( so -so ) . perlman ( from behind he paper ) must be tired then . or be you play poker too ? elio ( busy with he egg ) I do not play poker . perlman and oliver exchange glance . perlman several hundred color slide of we boxer and the other like he arrive yesterday from Berlin . we should start cataloge they . that will keep we busy until lunch I imagine . 87 88 89 revision é2 . int . elio 's bedroom - perlman villa - day 87 elio enter he room . he see the fold note he write to Oliver lie on he desk and open it . Oliver have add : grow up . I x11 see you at midnight . elio feel weak - kneed and have to sit down on he bed . he kiss the slip of paper , then hold it against he heart . then he look at the time on he watch : 10:30 am . int . professor perlman 's study - perlman villa - day 88 oliver and professor perlman project image of classical athlete in he study . on the screen be a close - up detail of a bronze navel in a impressively muscle stomach . there be several of this , and perlman point out stylistic difference : perlman ( point at the image ) beautiful be not they ? oliver they be amazing . but this be far more ... sensual . perlman because this be more hellenistic than fifth -century athenian , most likely sculpt under the influence of the great sculptor in antiquity : praxiteles . they muscle be firm - look at he stomach for example - and yet never a straight body in this statue , they be all curve , sometimes impossibly curve and so nonchalant , hence they ageless ambiguity . as if they be dare you to desire they . oliver , not unmove by this image , grin , pat he own belly and suck in . ext . table under the lime tree - perlman villa - day 89 at the lunch table . a clock strike two . lunch be over and everyone fold he napkin and push back they chair . annella and do not forget Mr. keller and Mr. hodell be come for dinner tonight . 90 91 63. elio ( to Oliver ) otherwise know as Laurel and hardy . perlman ( gently admonish ) okay ... annella I want you to wear the shirt they give you for you birthday . it will make they happy . elio it 's way too big on I . it look ridiculous . elio turn to oliver to bring he into the conversation and to test he mood . elio ( cont ’d ) see if Oliver do not think I look like a scarecrow in it . I x11 model it for you . but oliver be non-committal and will not be draw into the decision . elio can not help glance at he wrist watch , but attempt to hide the gesture from oliver by reach out for a uneaten cookie on a plate just as mafalda be remove it . then , to tease elio : oliver what 's the time ? Oliver reach for elio 's wrist , but elio pull away and run up the stair . int . kitchen - perlman villa - day 90 mafalda be clean up after lunch . oliver come in . oliver ( in he halting italian ) mafalda , non sar6 con voi a cena stasera . ( I will not be home for dinner this evening ) . ext . abbeveratoio - perlman villa - afternoon 91 by the abbeveratoio . elio be asleep , he face rest on he hand . marzia arrive on she bike just as oliver leave on he . they pause in the road to say hello . marzia continue towards the house and approach the sleep elio . 92 93 94 95 64 . she plant a light kiss on he forehead , waking he up . he dart a look at he watch : three fifty - five . later . marzia and elio be in the abbeveratoio . she slip she hand inside he bathing suit and take hold of he like she do in the street the night before . marzia ( in french ) tu not band pas . ( you be not hard . ) elio ( in french ) ne fais pas can ici . ( do not do that here . ) marzia ( in french ) monton dan to chambre . ( let 's go up to you room . ) elio ( in french ) j'ai une meilleure idée . ( I have a better idea . ) int . kitchen - perlman villa - afternoon 92 elio and marzia , in they swimsuit , run through the kitchen . elio hold she hand , almost drag she . they have not dry up , and be wetting the floor as they go . int . staircase / corridor ( 1st floor ) - perlman villa - 93 afternoon elio and marzia go up the stair that take to the upper floor of the building . marzia ( riant ) on va ou ??? ( laugh ) ( where be we go ??? ) they enter a small door on the leave end of the corridor . int . SMALL spiral staircase - perlman villa - day 94 a small and narrow spiral staircase . elio jog up the step with marzia . int . attic - perlman villa - afternoon 95 elio and marzia enter the attic , it be fill with old furniture , book , and other unused stuff . 96 97 65 . elio move a mattress that be lean on the wall and lay it on the ground . they pull off they bathing suit and lie on the mattress , elio on top . he take off he watch , place it on a bed -side table , where he can see it . it be 4:29 . the window be open , but the shutter be half close . the subdued afternoon light draw slatted pattern on the bed , on the wall , on marzia and elio make love . ext . perlman villa - late afternoon 96 marzia leave just before dinner time . elio come down with she as the evening guest pull up in they car : a gay couple one tall and thin , the other short and rotund . both be professor on holiday , and both be wear purple shirt . each carry a bouquet of white flower which they present to annella . elio introduce they to marzia . they speak terrible italian , one start a sentence load with compliment , the other have to finish it . elio lead they into the house as marzia bike off . int . elio 's bedroom - perlman villa - evening 97 elio find he father in he room go through all he son 's shirt hang in the closet in order to pick out the unwanted present . he hand it to elio , who groan . elio I can not put it on now ! they have already meet I . it will look like a put - up job . perlman ( in a very amused tone ) no misbehave tonight . when I tell you to play , then play ! you be too old not to accept people as they be . what 's wrong with they ? I do not think it 's very attractive of you to call they ' Laurel and hardy 's behind they back ... elio Mom call they that . perlman ... and then accept gift from they . be it because they be gay or because they be ridiculous ? be that it ? I hope not . and if you know as much about economics when you 's be Zafar 's age you 'il be a very wise man indeed and a credit to I . now get into this . 98 99 100 66 . the shirt be not so bad : a loose Hawaiian one with big white flower on a black background . elio change into it . ext . table under the lime tree - perlman villa - evening 98 elio bound into the live room , where perlman be serve laurel and hardy champagne , make something of a entrance . they rise and salute he with they glass , exclaim and exchange delighted glance as they host 's beautiful son descend in they midst wear the shirt they have give he . perlman and annella look at elio for a moment , as if see he anew , then pour out a glass of champagne for he . on the table in front of they be a number of big black and white photograph of the bronze Boxer be pull up out of the water . int . live room - perlman villa - later 99 elio be play the piano . for he final selection , he have choose a piece by poulenc . the other listen almost reverently . his wristwatch be on the piano . as he be conclude , oliver come in from outside and make he way towards the stair . the other turn as he pass . he smile in greeting , and make '' I do not want to disturb you '' motion with he hand before disappear . elio be unperturb . the sudden appearance of oliver may inject a dash of fire to the final - if wee- bit hurried - note . elio stand up as he audience applaud and make a little bow . elio ( nodd in appreciation ) I be afraid I have to go to bed now . he shake hand with the guest , thanks they anew for he shirt , kiss he mother , and run up the stair . the big clock show almost eleven . int . elio 's bedroom - perlman villa - night 100 later still . elio sit at he desk . he have take off the Hawaiian shirt and be now wear a T-shirt . he smoke a cigarette while he write in he journal . we see he pen form he thought . elio break off to listen for sound come from Oliver 's room . Dead silence . his watch say a quarter to twelve . barefoot , he get closer to the door that separate the two room . he look through the crack but see no light . he return to he post . he glimpsis himself in the mirror and say to he reflection : '' do I know you ? '' . 101 102 103 104 67 . he turn he face from side to side to catch different light . he go at the bathroom door to listen , but there be no sound from inside . int . oliver 's room - perlman villa - night 101 oliver be lie fully dress on he bed , in the dark , smoking a cigarette . a half - full ashtray be rest on the pillow next to he . his espadrille lie on the floor where he kick they off . Oliver 's expression be enigmatic compare to elio 's , calmness itself . he hear elio run the tap in they adjoin bathroom and look up . int . elio 's and oliver 's bathroom - perlman villa - night 102 in the bathroom elio pee . he 's careful not to make any noise and aim high . he say softly , look down at he penis , '' do I know you ? '' he flush the toilet and turn off the tap . int . elio 's bedroom - perlman villa - night 103 when elio emerge from the bathroom he hear voice come up from below as the guest be leave . he reach the window and look down at '' Laurel and hardy '' who stand by the car say they goodby and laugh affectionately . the two man get into they car , the perlman wave as it drive away . right in that moment elio rise he gaze and see oliver on the balcony above the main entrance . int . corridor / ext . balcony - perlman villa - night 104 elio run into the corridor and reach the balcony where oliver be smoking . oliver I be glad you come . I could hear you move in you room and for a while I think you be get ready to go to bed , have change you mind . elio Change my mind ? of course I be come . elio step close to the ledge . elio ( cont ’d ) so you do smoke ? oliver sometimes . 105 68. elio ( not know what else to say ) I be nervous . oliver I too . elio I be more so . int . oliver 's bedroom - perlman villa - night 105 oliver sit on the bed , he leg cross , look smaller , young . elio stand awkwardly at the foot of the bed , not know what to do with he hand . he keep put they in he pocket , then take they out again . oliver ( place the full ashtray onto the floor ) come , sit . hestitate , elio crawl onto the bed and sit face he , cross -legge like Oliver , make sure they knee do not touch . need suddenly to shed he shyness and inhibition , elio decide he have to lean against something and slide up to the top of the bed , rest he back against the headboard beside oliver . elio look down at the bed and at the two of they side by side on it , a moment he have dream of . now here we be , he think , hardly able to believe it . as if to highlight that moment , oliver stretch he leg out , he bare foot next to elio 's own . oliver ( cont ’d ) you okay ? elio I okay . with he toe , elio reach over to Oliver 's toe and touch they . he slip he big toe in between Oliver 's big toe and he second toe . oliver do not respond . since he be sit on Oliver 's leave he figure this be not the toe that touch he at lunch the other day . it be he right foot that be guilty , so elio try to reach it with he own right foot , in a kind of desperately playful mood . oliver what be you do ? elio nothing . 69 . somewhat absentmindedly , awkwardly and without conviction , oliver reciprocate the movement , seek out elio 's other foot . elio move closer to oliver , then hug he . a kind of child 's hug , which oliver respond to only by say , half - humorously : oliver that 's a start . elio shrug , not want to speak . oliver ( cont ’d ) do this make you happy ? you be not go to have a nosebleed be you ? it do , and elio nod yes , then no . finally , oliver bring he arm around elio . he do not stroke he , do not hold he tight . elio loosen he own hold for a moment , give he time enough to bring both he hand , seek skin , under Oliver 's loose shirt and resume he embrace . oliver ( cont ’d ) you sure you want this ? elio nod again , yes . oliver ( cont ’d ) we have not talk . elio shrug he shoulder , meaning " no need to . " oliver lift elio 's face with both hand and stare at he the way he do on the cliff , even more intensely . oliver ( cont ’d ) can I kiss you ? then he suddenly pull back , as if he might laugh , and run he finger through elio 's hair , mess it up . elio bring he mouth to Oliver 's in a fiercely eager kiss . something seem to clear away between they , and both abandon themselves to the kiss . elio hungrily kiss Oliver 's close eye , he nose , he ear , he throat , discover they with he lip . oliver kiss he back as eagerly , even roughly . elio get under the cover . there be some thing lie on the bed that have not be remove - a book , some magazine , a pack of cigarettes , and elio slip a foot under they as if they be not there ; they all fall onto the floor . oliver get under the cover too and start to undress elio . oliver ( cont ’d ) ( whisper ) off , and off , and off , and off ... ( toss they away 70 . elio be soon naked and lie back under the sheet in a kind of ecstasy as oliver move he hand over he body , as inquisitive as marzia 's have be the night before in the street . when oliver pull the sheet back , elio love be naked before he . no secret . oliver kiss he , kiss he body , take he penis ( off -screen ) briefly in he mouth , then return to kiss elio 's open lip again more deeply , as if he too be finally let go . oliver be also naked , and not a part of he be not touch elio now . they stare at each other . elio look away , because oliver be stare at he . then he look back , and now stare at oliver , as they settle into a mock wrestle position with Oliver 's shoulder rub elio 's knee . elio look into Oliver 's eye in a intensity of love and expectation , want this moment to last forever , know there will be no come back from this . when it happen - when oliver enter elio - there be a degree of pain and discomfort . elio flinch and fight a impulse to stop he , which oliver see . oliver ( cont ’d ) you 's be okay ? a eternity seem to pass between elio 's reluctance to make up he mind and Oliver 's instinct to make it up for he . they fuck . body be entangle . elio be flushed , turn from side to side as he alternate obscenity with Oliver 's name ; Oliver 's face be more implacable , he lip softly repeat what elio say , until he bend forward to say to he : oliver ( cont ’d ) call I by you name and I x11 call you by mine . they continue they rhythm , take elio in a realm he have never know before , and murmure he own name as if it be Oliver 's : elio ... elio ... elio . the Star of David bounce on Oliver 's chest . a little later oliver pull out and say to elio ( Oliver ) that he be go to come . elio watch the formidably discreet , formidably cool oliver make face and peak before he very eye . when he come , it 's all over elio 's chest , say '' I want to ! I want to ! '' . it be a shock at first when oliver spread he semen out with the palm of he hand over elio 's stomach and chest . oliver , still straddle elio , pick up he billowy blue shirt from the floor and clean he with it . elio do we make noise ? 106 71 . oliver nothing to worry about . elio mafalda always look for sign . oliver she will not find any . elio you wear that shirt on you first day here . will you let I have it , leave it here when you go ? oliver do not answer and toss the shirt aside . he take elio in he arm , look down into he face . he smooth out elio 's hair with he hand . elio be fall asleep . oliver continue to hold he . int . oliver 's room - perlman villa - dawn 106 Dawn . Light be come in . oliver be still cradling elio in he arm but have shift to a more comfortable position for they both . elio open he eye , see oliver look down at he but instead of smile or lift he face to be kiss , he close he eye again , as if blotting oliver , the bed , the room , and all that have happen out . he try to sit up , stretch he limb , and pull the sheet over he nakedness . oliver stare at he , as if to register elio 's morning after emotion . oliver you be not happy . you be feel sick about it , be not you ? elio shrug the comment away not want Oliver look into he heart . oliver ( cont ’d ) I know we should not have . I know it . we should have talk . elio maybe . oliver ( stung , '' maybe '' be not the word he want to hear do you hate it ? elio no , I do not hate it at all . elio stay put on Oliver 's bed out of a exaggerated sense of courtesy . relenting , he smile back at oliver for the first time , though he wish at that moment for oliver to be mile away . 107 108 109 110 72 . oliver you can go back to sleep , if you want . elio reach up and hug he , then close he eye . oliver continue to study he face , he own expression one of uncertainty . with he eye still shut , elio say , '' you be stare at I . '' but at once he open they again and sit up , brush Oliver 's hand away , and rise gingerly from the bed . elio let 's go swim . int . bocchirale - perlman villa - dawn 107 in the dim light of dawn , oliver and elio leave the villa on bike . ext . river - first light of day 108 at the river , oliver walk knee - deep in the water with the blue shirt on , then dive in and swim away . elio be swim 200 meter away , from a distance they look like two complete stranger . ext . river - day 109 elio and oliver walk towards they bike . oliver be you go to hold last night against I ? elio no . he say this too swiftly to sound convincing . int . stair / elio 's room - perlman villa - day 110 back at the villa . there be some sound from the kitchen but oliver and elio succeed to get back home without be see . they reach they respective door and , while elio be go in , oliver hesitates before go through he and step into elio 's room instead . elio be take by surprise . oliver shut the door . oliver take you trunk off . surprise , elio , who do not have it in he at this moment to disagree , lower they and get out of they . he feel awkward . 111 112 revision73 . oliver ( cont ’d ) sit down . elio do , and almost before he 's settle , oliver bring he mouth to elio 's penis and take it all in ( off-screen ) . oliver ( cont ’d ) ( with a wry smile ) well , this be promise . you be hard again . good . he jump up and go out in a instant . elio lift himself out of the low chair carefully and pull on he pajama bottom . then he throw himself across he bed . ext . garden in front of the kitchen - perlman villa - day 111 Breakfast . the perlman , mafalda come in and out from the kitchen , elio . then oliver come in and sit next to he . when no one be look , oliver slip he smooth foot under elio 's , as if snuggling it there , instead of place it on top as he always have before . calmly , he focus on he soft-boile egg . they eat breakfast . oliver I be go to town , I have to collect my type up page . later I would like to show they to you , Professor . perlman ( imitate Oliver ) later . everyone laugh , Oliver also be amused . perlman ( cont 's D ) before you leave we will certainly find the time to go over this revision . the think of Oliver 's departure mark a shadow on elio 's face . oliver so .. later ! more laugh . oliver leave the table and walk away . elio stand and follow , as he parent look at he . ext . MAIN entrance - perlman villa - day 112 elio pull he bike out and at the gate , a bit gingerly , sit on it . it hurt , but he go after Oliver . 113 74 , ext . piazza duomo - crema - day 113 the central square with crema 's duomo . elio see oliver at the newstand , sit on he bike and scan the headline of the International Herald tribune , before head in the direction of the post office . elio rush up to he . oliver something wrong ? elio I just have to see you . oliver be not you sick of I ? elio I just want to be with you . if you want , I x11 go back now . oliver stand still , drop he hand with the bundle of unsent letter , and simply stand there stare at elio , shaking he head . oliver do you have any idea how glad I be we sleep together ? elio I do not know . oliver it 's just like you not to know . I do not want you to regret any of it . I just dread the think of have mess you up . I do not want either of we to have to pay one way or another . elio I be not tell anyone . there will not be any trouble . oliver I do not mean that . I be sure I ’11l pay for it somehow , though . for you , however you think of it , it 's still fun and game , which it should be . for I it 's something else which I have not figure out , and the fact that I can not scare I . elio be you sorry I come here ? oliver I have kiss you if I could . 114 115 116 75 . elio ( come up close to Oliver ) fuck I , elio . oliver repeat he own name three time in elio 's ear . life in the garden a second unit series of shot of life in the garden . int . kitchen - perlman villa - early afternoon 114 mafalda be wash dish in the kitchen . she clear away the dessert plate from lunch with they fruit peeling . anchise enter the room with a basket full of huge , glow , succulent - look peach . mafalda ( in italian ) put they over there . mafalda point to the fruit bowl at the center of the table . elio enter the kitchen from the outside , with a book in he hand and a towel on he shoulder . his eye fall on the freshly pick fruit . he pick out two and leave the room . int . staircase - perlman villa - early afternoon 115 on the stair he meet annella on she way up to nap and kiss she . she look pleased by this unexpected show of affection from she teenage son . he eat a peach . int . attic - perlman villa - early afternoon 116 elio enter the attic . put the remain peach on the old bedside table and lie down on the mattress where he make love with marzia . he open he book and start read but , easily distract , start look outside the window at the glorious summer sky . he try read again , but still no chance . his gaze scan the room , the abandon object , the dark corner ... the peach . he stretch out he hand to one and play with it . he turn its crease towards he . then open it half - way with he thumb and push the pit out . the pit fall on the attic floor . he bring the fuzzy , blush - color peach to he groin and lower he swim trunk . he press himself into it until the parte fruit slide down he erection . the fruit be leak on he . though firm , it break apart . 76 . holding the two halve of the reddene core in either hand , he begin to rub himself with they . when he orgasm come , very soon , he carefully aim the spurt into the open peach . '' what a crazy thing this be ! '' he think , as he hold the fruit in both hand and look around . he place the two halve of the rape peach on the bedside table and cover himself with the towel . later . elio wake to the sound of someone enter the attic . oliver I be look everywhere for you ... what be you do up here ? oliver sit next to he on the mattress . he start kissing he on one arm . he remove the towel to reveal , to he surprise , that elio be not wear he swimsuit . he then swiftly lean down bring he lip to elio 's groin , but after a moment he look up with a question expression . oliver ( cont ’d ) what have you do ? oliver look at the break peach beside they . he pick it up . oliver ( cont ’d ) ( hold it out ) be this what I think it be ? elio nod in mock shame . oliver ( cont ’d ) you try out the plant kingdom ? next will be mineral ? you be rejecting the animal kingdom already ? that would be I , I suppose . elio I be sick , be not I ? Oliver pull off he bathing suit . oliver I wish everyone be as sick as you . want to see sick ? he peer into the peach for a moment , elio pretend to hide he eye . oliver ( cont ’d ) now may I taste it ? elio do not ! 77 . but oliver dip a finger into the core of the peach and bring it to he mouth . oliver the peach juice help a lot . ( offer it ) want to try it ? elio ( reach for Oliver 's hand hold the peach ) let it go ! no ! oliver hold it farther away . elio ( cont ’d ) look , you do not have to do this . I be the one who come after you . everything that 's happen be because of I - oliver ( still hold the peach away from elio ) nonsense . I want you from day one . I just hide it better . elio lunge out again to grab the fruit from Oliver 's hand , but with he other hand oliver catch hold of he wrist and squeeze it hard . elio you be hurt I . oliver then let go . elio reach out to he , burst into tear . he muffle he sob against Oliver 's bare shoulder . then oliver hold he close . oliver ( cont ’d ) ( as if soothing a child ) whatever happen between we , elio , I just want you to know .. elio ( sobbing ) what ? oliver ( take hold of elio 's hand ) do not ever say you do not know . they kiss as lover commit themselves . 117 118 119 78 . int . / ext . hut - perlman villa - night 117 the same night . the perlman house be mostly dark , the window shutter all close . there be a little light out in the hut next to the garage , where anchise sleep . we see he through the window , sit at a table work on something . he have take some tool apart and be clean the piece , filing a edge of metal and so forth . int . / ext . perlman villa - night 118 through another light window , in mafalda 's part of the house , we can see mafalda irone . she be carefully press the sleeve of Oliver 's blue shirt . ext . garden - perlman villa - night 119 the garden of the villa in the darkness , allure and enigmatic . elio what be you think about ? oliver thing . go back to the States . the course I have to teach this fall . my book . you . elio no one else ? oliver no one else . silence . elio in two week you x11 be back at Columbia . I do not know what I x11 do then . at least you 'il be somewhere else , where there be not any memory ... we waste so many day — so many week . oliver wasted ? I do not know . elio ... why do not you give I a sign ? oliver I do . at least I try . elio when ? 120 121 122 revision79 . oliver once , when we be play volleyball , I touch you ... just as a way of show ... I like you . the way you react make I feel I have almost molest you . I decide to keep my distance . int . master bedroom - perlman villa - night 120 from the open window of they bedroom the perlman can hear elio and Oliver talk . not the word . but the tone of the conversation be undeniably intimate . annella be on a small sofa . perlman be already in bed , they look at each other for a long moment . the off -screen voice be almost whisper , they continue . perlman stand , move a sofa chair to be closer to he wife , then sit on it . he take she hand and kiss it . perlman elio e Oliver si sono proprio trovati . ( elio and Oliver have grow quite fond of each other ) annella Si , hanno una bella amicizia . ( yes . they have a beautiful friendship ) . perlman E un peccato che parta .. ( it 's a shame he 's leave ) ( beat ) sta tornando il fresco . ( the night be get cool again ) annella smile at she husband . arouse , he reach over for annella to pull she toward he . int . elio 's bedroom - perlman villa - day 121 next day . Oliver 's blue shirt be on a hanger , all clean and press by mafalda , with a attach note : '' for Oliver , from elio . '' elio strip off the shirt he 's wear and put on the fresh one from Oliver . he look at himself approvingly in the mirror after buttone it up , then say to he image : '' I do know you , and you be not so bad . '' he unbutton the top couple of button in order to acquire Oliver 's more laid - back look . ext . garden in front of the kitchen - perlman villa - day 122 elio wear the shirt down to breakfast . no one comment on it , include oliver , who put he bare foot under elio 's when he take a seat . 123 124 80 . mafalda put a egg down in front of oliver , but before she can prepare it for he elio take it and expertly crack the top for he with he spoon . perlman observe he son 's protective concern that no speck of the shell should fall into Oliver 's egg . elio Americans never know how to do it . perlman I be sure we have we way . Oliver 's foot under the table rest on elio 's signal that maybe he should let it go and he seize the second egg , crack it himself . int . staircase - perlman villa - day 123 later . elio run down the stair wear a bathing suit and oliver 's blue shirt , carry a towel . the front door open and marzia walk in . she look at he questioningly . elio would like she not to be there . marzia ( in french ) tu as disparu pendant trois jour . ( you have be go three day . ) elio i.. have to work . marzia ( in french ) mais tu as disparu ... ( but you disappear . ) elio do not know what to say , or do . marzia ( cont ’d ) be I you girl ? ( est - ce que je suis to copine ? elio do not reply . marzia leave , try to keep from cry . ext . abbeveratoio - perlman villa - afternoon 124 by the pool . perlman and annella sit at a table in they bathing suit have a drink . elio and oliver sit on the edge of the pool at the other end , they foot in the water . elio I hurt she feeling . Love hurt . 125 revision 81 . oliver , think they be unobserve by the other , caress elio 's foot next to he in the water with one of he own . perlman see this from where he be sit with annella , and nod to she in the boy 's direction . she look over towards oliver and elio . perlman Oliver tell I he have to go to bergamo for a couple of day to do some research at the university there before he leave . he would then fly home directly from linate annella oh ... maybe elio could go with he ? it would be nice for they to get away for a couple of day . ( beat where would they stay ? perlman he say something about a pensione . annella ( laugh and pretendinf to be horrify ) oh , no ! let 's make they a hotel reservation . a pensione , oy ! perlman laugh with he wife . ext . war memorial - pandino - dusk 125 oliver and elio , still wear they swimsuit , be in front of the War World I Memorial for fall Soldiers , in the nearby town of pandino . elio cross the step and try to put he arm around it ; he stand there spread-eagled . elio they be too big for even two man to get they arm around . oliver let 's see . oliver go up and he arm flung out . then attack the problem from the other side of the monument , face it , and put he arm around it in a kind of embrace . unseen by they , a young couple - a boy anda girl - be embrace in the underbrush nearby . they smile at the two young man and renew they own hugging . they look like a shepherd and shepherdess , wear simple , everyday work clothes . unseen , they watch elio and oliver , whose extend fingertip almost touch , but not quite . tee eh * 126 127 128 revision82 . they be still several inch apart as they stretch they body , exhaling with they effort . but the stone gleam stubbornly in the space between they finger . oliver decide to cheat , and move in elio 's direction , until they make contact . they yell and oliver gather elio into he arm and kiss he . the boy and girl in the shadow resume they own kiss . oliver put a hand inside elio 's bathing suit , but elio push he away . elio not here . not in all this , not on this stone . the two young man run back to they bike and ride off watch by the young couple . the '' shepherd '' move he hand on the breast of the '' shepherdess , '' and she let he keep it there . ext . coach station - montodine - day 126 oliver put he suitcase in the open trunk of a wait coach . he be say he goodby to the perlman before he and elio get on it . annella kiss Oliver with great affection ; perlman shake he hand warmly , all formality go . both say '' come back soon ! " the driver close the trunk . elio say goodbye to he parent , unable to hide a honest smile of happiness . Chiara arrive drive she bike to salute Oliver but the coach be leave ... the perlman and Chiara watch the coach drive away as elio and Oliver take seat inside it . int . / ext . bus - from crema to alpi orobie - day 127 Oliver smile and wave to Chiara on the half - crowded bus . oliver doze off , he head on elio 's shoulder . elio look at he , he gaze full of unaccountable emotion . outside the window the summer landscape change from the flat plain into the first alp , the orobie . ext . bosco / prato - cascate del serio - day 128 a small forest of beech and fir tree . elio and oliver walk on a trail with they backpack . * eet 129 130 83. they cross a small bridge over a creek and reach a large grass field , look towards the mountain patiently await something . Oliver look at elio and hug he , a friendly grab-hug . then a hand move down on elio 's thigh , and he look around . the explosion of water in the mountain be violent and unexpected . the river leap three time on the rock before it reach the bottom of the valley . oliver jump up and in a very american impulse howl at this spectacle of water . elio laugh . they run to the water and disappear into the cascade . int . HOTEL bedroom - bergamo - afternoon 129 elio and oliver enter they hotel bedroom in bergamo . they look around and laugh , for no apparent reason . later . there be a large window look out over the front entrance of the hotel and a parking lot adjoin it . oliver stand look out as elio come up from behind he , put he arm around Oliver 's waist . both be wear boxer short . ext . street - bergamo - night 130 elio and Oliver be drunk . they stroll in the street of the old town , stumbling , laugh . take advantage of a desert alley oliver push elio against the wall and kiss he . then suddenly stop . elio what ? oliver listen ! elio listen to what ? among the soft sound of the sleep city be a distant melody . oliver this song ! elio there 's no song . you be hallucinate . elio try to kiss he again but Oliver grab he hand and pull he away . oliver let 's go ! 131 132 84 . ext . piazzetta - bergamo - night 131 in a small square in the old part of town three young man and a girl be lean on a wall . they be wear oversize jacket and make - up ; they be early example of the " New romantic " fashion . at they foot be a radio play '' Love my Way '' , the song that be also play at the open-air dance bar a few week earlier . oliver look at elio as if to say " see ? " , then salute the youngster , only to be ignore . oliver psychedelic fur . the best ! the New romantics seem uninterested . oliver start dance , as we already see he do , alone . he then grab the girl , intend for she to dance with he , and it seem like the situation could go badly . oliver ( cont ’d ) ( in lousy italan ) Li ho visti a New York l’anno scorso . Richard butler ... spettacolo ! ( I see they in New York last year . Richard butler ... awesome ! ) ragazza new romantic ( romagnolo accent ) davvero ? Li abbiam visti anche noi in concerto ! siamo andati a londra facendo 1’autostop ... ( really ? we see they in concert too ! we hitch-hike to London ... ) oliver best way to travel around ! so the other New romantics join the dance , with they syncopate move . elio do not dance , he look , uncertain . at the song 's climax he burst out puke suddenly and abundantly . ext . strada con fontana - bergamo - dawn 132 oliver hold elio 's forehead as he puke . elio stand away from the wall make a " I be okay now " gesture , and go to the fountain nearby to splash water on he face . elio it 's the best day of my life and I end it with puke ! Oliver look around to check that nobody be look and start kissing he again . elio let himself go . 133 134 85 . with he eye still close he hear male voice pass nearby mutter something against they , but he do not care . it 's the kiss of a lifetime . int . HOTEL bedroom - dawn 133 oliver and elio be hugging on they hotel bed . oliver look at elio sleep . a hissing sound in the distance . ext . binario - stazione DI clusone - day 134 it be the sound of a train arrive at the station , on the main platform . elio and oliver together look at the train come to a stop . elio be wear Oliver 's blue shirt . on the platform be a few traveller ready to leave . Oliver 's bag be that for he trip back home ; they be about to say goodbye . the train door open , some people come out , other get in while say they goodby to they counterpart . elio and Oliver be not move , they try to delay the inevitable , if only for a few second . the voice on the intercom inform that the Express train for Rome be about to depart from platform 1 . elio do you get you passport ? oliver yeah , I do . the traveller be all on the train , except for Oliver .. the conductor be a few car down , look at he watch . a moment of suspend , cruel silence . oliver ( cont ’d ) there 's emptiness behind you eye / there 's dust in we heart / Love my way , it 's a new road ... elio listen to this word , which Oliver start to sing sweetly , whisper . oliver ( cont ’d ) I follow where my mind go , so swallow all you tear , my love / and put on you new face / you can never win or lose , if you do not run the race . they hug . oliver grab he bag and enter the train . 135 136 137 86 . the train leave . elio watch it disappear in the distance . wipe out , he walk along the platform and sit on a bench , he gaze lose in thought . after a long beat he stand and go to the ... ext . phone booth - stazione DI clusone - day 135 elio dial a number on a public phone , he do so mechanically . a few moment later somebody pick up . elio mafalda ? maman ... bonjour . oui , je vais bien . je suis a clusone , 4 la gare . oui ... il est parti . maman , s'il the plait , tu pourrais venir I chercher ? ( mafalda ? Mom ... hey . yes , I be fine . I be in clusone , at the station . yes .. he leave . Mom .. please could you come pick I up ? ) int . / ext . car / country road - afternoon 136 annella be with elio in the car . she be drive back to the villa . elio be silent . Oliver 's blue shirt be open over elio 's bare chest and blow in the wind . she look at he . she reach out with she free hand and caress he cheek , the sweetest gesture . elio 's face crumple . he start to cry . she wipe he tear away with she free hand but he cannot stop . ext street of town - afternoon 137 the perlman car be park in town . elio be alone , sit on the passenger seat . the car 's radio be play some summer song . in the distance , a group of elio 's friend be walk about . among they be marzia , who notice the perlman car , then elio . she wave at she friend and leave they to come towards he . marzia ciao . elio notice she only when she be close . marzia ( cont ’d ) how be you ? elio good , thanks . 138 87 . elio try straighten up to hide he emotion , he face recently upset by tear . marzia ( in french ) j'ai lu le livre que tu m'as offert , les poéme . il sont tré beaux . j’aime beaucoup cette antonia pozzi . ( I read the book you give I , the poem , they be beautiful . I really love antonia pozzi . ) '' nell ’aria della stanza - non the guardo - mar gia il ricordo del tuo viso '' ( in the room 's air - not you do I look at - but already the memory of you face ) elio nod , smile back at she . marzia ( cont ’d ) I be sorry you feel so bad . I just want to tell you that I be not mad at you . I love you . ( je suis désolée que tu sois si malheureux . je voulais juste the dire que je not t'en veux pas . je t'aime . ) elio be surprised and comfort by marzia 's word . she extend she hand to he . marzia ( cont ’d ) on reste amis ? ( Friends . ) elio shake she hand , then exit the car and hug she , sighing . annella be approach . elio pour la vie ? ( forever ? ) marzia pour la vie . ( forever ) ext . perlman villa - afternoon 138 the car come through the gate . anchise come forward and offer to carry the backpack up to he room , elio tell he that backpack should be carry by they owner . anchise Il signor ulliva 6 partito ? ( have mister ulliva leave ? ) 139 140 141 88. elio Si , stamattina . ( yes , this morning ) anchise anche a I duole . ( I too be sadden ) . elio avoid he eye , not want to encourage he to say anything further , and go inside . int . staircase - perlman villa - afternoon 139 elio meet mafalda come down the stair . mafalda I fix up you room the way it be . elio frown , angere by this news . int . oliver 's room - perlman villa - afternoon 140 elio 's room , in which Oliver have stay . alone now , elio enter it and look around . everything of he have be put back , he clothes in the closet and drawer . he drop he backpack on the floor and throw himself down on the sunlit bed . the bedspread be the same . he close he eye . he be glad to be back in he old room , now full of sustain memory of Oliver . int . perlman studio - perlman villa - evening / night 141 Professor perlman be sit in he usual place , but he chair be turn out to face the garden . on he lap be proofs of he latest book . he be drink . Three large citronella candle next to he keep the mosquito away . elio come into the room to say good night . his father put away he manuscript with a toss and light a cigarette - he last of the day - use one of the citronella candle . perlman so? welcome home . do Oliver enjoy the trip ? elio I think he do . perlman take a drag from he cigarette , then pause a moment before speak . perlman you two have a nice friendship . 89 . elio ( somewhat evasive ) yes . another pause , and another drag on he cigarette . perlman you 's be too smart not to know how rare , how special , what you two have be . elio Oliver be Oliver . perlman '' parce - que c’etait lui , parce - que c’etait moi . '' elio ( try to avoid talk about Oliver with he father ) Oliver may be very intelligent - perlman ( interrupt he son ) intelligent ? he be more than intelligent . what you two have have everything and nothing to do with intelligence . he be good , and you be both lucky to have find each other , because you too be good . elio I think he be better than I . perlman I be sure he have say the same thing about you , which flatter the two of you . in tapping he cigarette and lean toward the ashtray , he reach out and touch elio 's hand . perlman alter he tone of voice ( he tone say : we do not have to speak about it , but let 's not pretend we do not know what I be say ) . perlman ( cont ’d ) when you least expect it , nature have cun way of find we weakest spot . just remember : I be here . right now you may not want to feel anything . perhaps you never wish to feel anything . and perhaps it 's not to I that you will want to speak about this thing . but feel something you obviously do . 90 . elio look at he father , then drop he eye to the floor . perlman ( cont ’d ) look - you have a beautiful friendship . maybe more than a friendship . and I envy you . in my place , most parent would hope the whole thing go away , to pray that they son land on they foot . but I be not such a parent . in you place , if there be pain , nurse it . and if there be a flame , do not snuff it out . do not be brutal with it . we rip out so much of ourselves to be cure of thing faster , that we go bankrupt by the age of thirty and have less to offer each time we start with someone new . but to make yourself feel nothing so as not to feel anything - what a waste ! elio be dumbstruck as he try to take all this in . perlman ( cont ’d ) have I speak out of turn ? elio shake he head . perlman ( cont ’d ) then let I say one more thing . it will clear the air . I may have come close , but I never have what you two have . something always hold I back or stand in the way . how you live you life be you business . remember , we heart and we body be give to we only once . and before you know it , you heart be wear out , and , as for you body , there come a point when no one look at it , much less want to come near it . right now there 's sorrow . pain . do not kill it and with it the joy you have feel . perlman take a breath . perlman ( cont ’d ) we may never speak about this again . but I hope you will never hold it against I that we do . I will have be a terrible father if , one day , you have want to speak to I and feel that the door be shut , or not sufficiently open . elio do mother know ? 142 143 revision91 . perlman I do not think she do . ( but he voice mean '' even if she do , I be sure she attitude would be no different than mine '' ext . campagna - perlman villa - winter day 142 the perlman villa in Winter . a foggy day . six month later , elio walk in the countryside that surround the villa . narratore they have become each other that summer . and long after every fork road in life have do its work this would always be true . they life scarcely touch in that week together , but they have cross to the other side , where time stop and heaven reach down to earth and give we that ration of what be from birth divinely ours . they could look the other way and speak of everything but , they would always know . they have find the star , elio and Oliver . and this be give once only . he cross the gate and come back in the garden . he enter the house . int . kitchen / staircase / bocchirale - perlman villa - afterngon elio walk through the kitchen and up the stair . the telephone ring and elio run down the stair to answer it , a expression of excited expectancy on he face . it be oliver , call from New York . oliver ( v.o. ) elio ? be you there ? elio I be here , I be here . how be you ? oliver ( v.o. ) Fine . how be you parent ? elio Fine , too ... I miss you . oliver ( v.o. ) I miss you too . very much . ( long beat ) I have some news . * 92 . elio what news ? you be get marry , I suppose . ( laugh ) oliver ( v.o. ) I might be get marry this spring . elio ( dumb found ) you never say anything . oliver ( v.o. ) it 's be off and on for two year . elio but that 's wonderful news ! oliver ( v.o. ) do you mind ? elio you be be silly . there be a long silence . elio 's genuine congratulatory smile fade . just then annella appear , and elio hand it to he mother . annella why be not you here ? when be you come ? elio miss you terribly , go around all the time with such a long face ! she and perlman exchange greeting with oliver . perlman you catch we while in the process of choose the new you for next summer .. '' wonderful , wonderful ! '' they say . when they go out , perlman hand the receiver back to elio , who reach for it before they can hang up . elio ( lowering he voice when he be sure they have leave the room ) they know about we ... oliver ( v.o. ) I figure . elio how ? 144 145 93. oliver ( v.o. ) from the way you father speak - he make I feel like a member of the family - almost like a son-in - law . you 's be lucky . my father would have carte I off to a correctional facility . elio ( daringly ) '' elio , elio '' oliver ( v.o. ) ( after a very long beat ) Oliver .. I remember everything int . professor perlman 's study - perlman villa - afternoon 144 the perlman and mafalda be at a big table spread out with what look like application letter , with photo attach . it 's the ritual that take place every year , they evaluate several letter of proposal send by advanced graduate student in America , or young aspire scholar from there . it 's the ritual that bring about the choice of Oliver last year . elio enter the room , he look over the photo , the resumé . there be half a dozen young man and a couple of young woman . annella E questo ? ( this one ? ) but elio be not interested in this . they watch he leave the study . int . dine room - perlman villa - night 145 elio enter the dining room all dress for the celebration lunch . Light be dimming outside the window . activity around the table between annella and mafalda ( place flower , lighting candle etc ) elio crouch in front of the fire . his face lose in thought . the entire end credit scroll on he close up . near the end annella elio , elio 94 . elio be so deeply in he thought that only after a long beat after annella call he he turn toward the sound of she voice . fade to black .