" call northside 777 " sere enplay by jay dratler 1 ! | ! | I ] | I { t { { { ' 1 1 { | | { { t I { { I ! ! 1 { ! { | | | | | { | | | | | { | 1 | 1 { | | { t | I 1 September 13 , 1947 received from stenographic dept . revised 1 script shoot final tittle " call northside 777 " sign — —____________ by time date . tt 177 om ( 3 ' " call northside 777 " screenplay by jay dratler my wj revise shoot final September 13 , 19 47 177 " call northside 777 " fade in MAIN title and . credit over which come appropriate music as title and eredit fade , we dissolve to : title } read as follow : 's ' the event and character depict in this photoplay be not fictional , and any similarity with actual person , either live - or dead , be ' intentional , '' : . dissolve to : ~— stock shot - chicago FIRE - ( from " old chicago " ) over this shot come the voice of the narrator : narrator's voice in the year 1871 , a cow kick over a lamp and start the great fire that destroy Chicago . but , out of the ash of that catastrophe spring a new Chicago -- stock shot - chicago sky line - skyscraper - factories - etc . over the shot come the narrator 's voice : narrator's voice -- a Chicago of brick and brawn , concrete and gut ; with a short history of violence beat in its ! pulse . shot of chicago newspaper building , narrator's voice that history be on the record , and that record be keep by the news - papermen who have make Chicago 's papers great . 177 shot of chicago in late 1952 this include shot of typical scene in that period : gangland warefare scene , intersperse with shot of flop-house , ; man gather outside employment agency and man sleep under newspaper ..on park bench , and perhaps a shot of someone sell apple on a street corner + in all of they , the characteristically brutal gust of wind for which Chicago be know . the narrator 's voice continue : narrator's voice : no period in Chicago 's history be more violent than the year of the depression . the rise and fall of the bootlegge empire . be write in blood and bullet . in 1932 = there be 365 murder in Chicago - one for each day of the year - eight policeman be shot down in the line of duty . one of the most cold - blooded of this murder occur on December 9th , 1932 , on South ashland Avenue , in a place operate by a woman name wanda skutnike # . ( note : the above be break to cover the above- mention shot and atmospheric shot of southside speakeasy . the final portion of the narration come over a : ) close shot - ext . wanda skutnik' place we be close on a sign on the window which read : " wanda skutnik Grocery and delicatessen " camera pull back and we see it be a bitterly cold windy day . passersby be muffle in they overcoat and brace into the stiff wind . traces of snow be see swirl on doorstep and at the curb , a wagon be stop ; the horse 's head be lower in the sharp cold wind . it be load with sack of coal . on its side be lettere : " jan gruska coal and ice '' gruska , a man of about forty , be dismount . narrator's voice wanda skutnik 's store in the Polish district be the front for a speakeasy . wipe to : g no 177 . se 9 ' int . back room - wanda's place - day along one side run a makeshift bar . in o.g. empty barrel and bottle . in the center of the room be a - rough deal table , and in the back there be a pot - celly stove with a wood and coal box beside it . at the center > table boris , a big , burly gorilla of a man with huge black mustachio , be finish he drink , - wanda skutnik , the proprietress , a once attractive but now blowsy woman of about thirty - five or six , be near the stove , put a few piece of coal into it . _ boris look at she with - dog- like devotion . boris ( heavily ) you look nice , wanda . wanda look up , pleased , and walk over to the bar , . wanda you say nice thing , boris , boris ( softly ) Nice ... . wanda grin at he . now the door to the alley open ; and gruska come in , carry a bag of coal . he dump the coal into the box near the potbelly stove , stamp he foot and turn to look at wanda . gruska it 's cold out . a man could freeze . - wanda look at he wryly - produce a bottle and glass and bring they over to the table , ' wanda help yourself . gruska grin , sit down and start pour a drink , he nod at boris , who nod back quietly and rise , borl I go now . . wanda hold out she hand and he drop a coin into it , wanda see you tonight ? boris onodd slowly ) tonight ... ( continued ) 177 4 . 9 ( cont . ) oo . | 10 11 boris . go out the alley door , .and wanda walk over to the icebox and take out of it a small paper bag , in which she keep she money . she take a bill out of it and go toward gruska . off scene we hear the SOUND of the 'front door bell . . wanda - '' get change for a twenty ? gruska : ( shrug ) that 's all right . pay I next. time . wanda put the bag back in the icebox as policeman JOHN * W. bundy enter . he 's a big man , grey at the temple , and he 's now beat he hand together to restore circulation . * bundy wanda , you be look at a man with a cold come on . ~ Bundy walk to the potbelly stove . wanda pick up the. bottle and a glass , pour some in as she approach Bundy , and hand he the drink as he sit down before the fire . - wanda for a cold - this be good , . bundy thanks . . gruska remain seat at the table . Bundy be now fac - ing the stove , with he back to the door lead to the store . outside , we hear the store door open , and the bell ring , wanda , who have just turn around after hand the drink to Bundy , be face the glass parti - tion in the door that lead to the store . mo . full shot - angling past wanda as she look toward the front of the store we can see two huge form of two man outline against the daylight window of the. store . they be big and menace ; but we cannot see they face or distinguish anything . about they . mo . full shot - reverse angle '' wanda look apprehensive and puzzle , and slowly put the bottle of liquor down on a@ table , a ne 177 12 13 14 mo . full shot - another angle - shoot from behind bundy the swinging door be thrust open , and we see the lower half of the two man - and now they gun be visible . wanda still do not see they distinctly ; but she gasp . in fear when she see the gun . she quickly dash into the closet . one of the man start toward the ice - box to get the money .. then , together , both man be aware of the blue- coat figure of Bundy , just as he turn around . gruska fling himself aside , and hide behind a'table for protection . Bundy reach for he gun just as the two man start shoot . Bundy be hit , but lunge for . one of the man and grapples with . he , suddenly another couple of shot be fire and Bundy stagger backward . as he fall , we hear rather than see the two man rush off , because the door to the front store swing close as Bundy crash to the floor -- and we can hear the footstep of the two man , the door bell , and the slam of the front door , full shot - ext . wanda's place - day the two man come walk rapidly out of the store to they car . they do not have they gun in they handsy they face be avert as william decker , a mailman , approach . he look curiously after they . ' then a gun drop from under the coat of one of the man , right at decker 's foot . the man stoops quickly and scoops it up . decker look at he , stunne . then the man get into the car and it drive off . decker turn quickly into wanda !s place . mo . full shot - int . wanda's place + the rear part gruska bend over Bundy and slowly the close door open and wanda peer out . '' wanda ( frighten ) do they go ? just then decker , the mailman , open the door from the front and look in , in horror . gruska look up sudden - ly . . gruska the police ! call the police ! Quick ! . wanda ( in Polish ) bose moj -~ t dissolve to : 177 15 16 a series of quick shot narrator's voice another policeman murder -- that make eight for that year ! Chicago have enough - the pressure be on - find the killer ! this shot be to be superimpose over run news - paper scarehead : . . a ) : headline - dragnet out for cop killer scene - large company of policeman hurry out of Police Station , B ) headline - skid row roundup - south state . STREET scene - ext. row of cafe . large crowd gather look into cafe , and scatter as cop come out with a fight man . C ) headline - Mass arrest in manhunt scene - lineup . D ) headline - speakeasies raid scene = Police arrest customer . crowd watch as man be drag to the wagon . '' '' ) headline - road block pay off - bridge - night scene - night road block . Police at open back end of car , question a suspect . as the headline fade out , the narrator 's voice con - tinue over the question scene : narrator's voich this cornere , frighten bootlegger give the tip that point suspicion towards a man name tomek Zaleska ... . . dissolve to : full shot ( from above ) - the wiecek house it be on a corner . suddenly we can see police car pile into the two street from all direction . ten or twenty man surround the house . it be a dismal little wooden frame house with perhaps four family live in it . it seem pitifully small to be attack by such great number , but the policeman , some armed with sub-machine gun , other with side arm , deploy behind doorway and approach cautiously , as if they be in the process of arrest a dangerous criminal . - ( continued ) ( Zanuck ) 177 revised - " call northside 777 " - 9/18/47 7 16 ( cont . ) 17 18 19 narrator 's. voice tomek Zaleska could not be find , but two week later , a tip from another source reveal that tomek . hdd spend the night of the murder with he friend , Frank wiecek . the police ' ) close in on the home of helen and Frank wiecek . full shot - ext . wiecek house Frank and helen be lead out , guard by a cordon of police . over the shot come the voice of the narrator : narrator's voice helen and : Frank wiecek be take into custody for question . int . police station - questioning room officer surround Frank , fire question at he . he answer some . shot through a door or window so we do not hear they . camera moving in . narrator's voice Frank wieeek admit that tomek have spend the night of the murder at he home - but insisted he know nothing of the crime . dissolve thru to : mo . full shot - int . questioning room the officer be question Frank . ist cop why do tomek want to sleep - at you house ? frank he say he be have trouble _ with he old man , and be afraid to go home . another cop look at . a official card in he hand . 2nd cop when do you last check with the probation officer ? : frank last Friday . ( continued ) revised - " call northside 777 " - 9/18/47 . 8. 2nd cop ( glance at card ) you sure it be not Thursday ? frank no . I know it be Friday because that be the. day my wife tell I she be go to have a baby . 2nd cop : you go to the probation officer . ‘on Thursday , not Friday . ( show he card ) here 's you card . frenk stare at the card in bewilderment . 1st cop you be confuse , son . try to be & little more accurate . now , what be you do at 3:30 on December 9th ? ~ . frank I be home , with my wife . I remember I be help she shell walnut for a cake she be make . 1st cop you be wrong about the day you see the probation officer , maybe you be wrong about be home shelling walnut for you wife on December 9tht -- frank well , I make a mistake about the probation officer . but I lkmow I be right about the other thing . the cop take a typewritten statement from another 1st cop this statement be sign by you wife a hour ago . ( read ) : " my husband be home with I on the 9th of December . I remember this . because he be help I pit date for a cake . " ( put down paper ) you sure it be walnut ? ( continued ) 177 19 20 21 22 23 ( cont . 1 ) frank ( daze ) ae I = I dontt know ... I be sure she must be mistaken ... dissolve to : full shot - int , police station - desk heleri be release : she exit alone . narrator's voice his wife , helen , be release . full shot - int . jail as Frank be place in a cell . narrator's voice but because of Frank 's confuse testimony on insignificant . point , and he minor police record , he be hold as a suspect . full shot - ext . criminal court bldg . - chicago a car drive up and a man get out and enter the building . . narrator's voice eventually , tomek Zaleska , protest he innocence , surrender to the police . dissolve to : mo . full shot .- int . questioning room officer be grill tomek the way they do franks it 's be go on for some time , ast cop : you know we be look for youy you know we pick up you good friend , helen and Frank wiecek}t then why do not you give - yourself up - if you be innocent , as you claim ? ( continued ) 177 23 ( cont .. ) 10 . tomek . iv -. I be scared . sometimes , I use to hang around wandaty place - and when I hear they be pick ' up everybody she know ~ well - I figure nobody would miss I , and it . just beat ite ... ( then ) ~ - , I know now I make a mistake . ( pleadingly ) ~ but I come in on my own hook , do not I ? 2nd cop . when : you go to wiecek 's house that night ~ what reason do you . give for want to sleep there ? . tomek I dontt think I give any reason . I use to spend the night there . once in a while . 2nd cop ( look at paper in hand ) you do not give they any reason ? tomek no , I just ask they to let I stay there , and they do . 2nd cop and you be sure you give they no reason ? ' tomek no . the second cop look at the first cop skeptically and show he the paper as we dissolve tc : 24 . full shot - int . courtroom - day -- criminal court bldg . wiecek ' and Zaleska on trial . wanda skutnik be on the witness stand . narrator 'ts voice come over : narrator's voice . Frank wiecek and tomek Zaleska be indicted . and swiftly bring to trial . 177 25 26 mo . - shot - witness stand : the prosecutor be question wanda skutnik . prosecutor I will ask you , Mrs. skutnik , if you see in this courtroom the two man who murder policeman John Bundy ? wanda , nervous , apprehensive , lift she eye and stare ' offscene . wanda ( point ) yes . him , and he , wider angle the prosecutor turn to the defendant ' table where srank and tomek sit with they attorney , who be none too impressive in appearance . . prosecutor have you ever see either of this man prior to the time of the shoot ? wanda sure . tomek use to come around my place all the time . the other fellow I never see before . prosecutor then the first time you see Frank wiecek be the night of the murder ? wanda yese prosecutor and the next time you see he be when you pick he out of the police line -up ? wiecek react , shaking he head desperately . wanda yes . prosecutor that 's all , you honor . the people reste dissolve to : 177 27 28 29g 12 . '' insert - prison photo of Frank and tomek , front and profile , with they num - ber prominently display . over shot come the nar - rator voice : . . narrator's voice : Frank wiecek and tomek Zaleska receive a. sentence of 99 year in stateville penitentiary . this be in November of 1933 . Frank and tomek go to prison . the case be forget for eleven year , -- forget until October 10 , 1944 , when a small advertisement appear in the classified advertising section of the Chicago Times -- - - prggonve to : insert of a classified ad page of the chicago time date October 10 , 1944 . we see the name of the. paper and the date prominently . we move down to : " personal notice $ 5,000 reward for killer of Officer Bundy , on December 9 , 1932 . call northside 777 , 12-7 p.m. ask for tillie wiecek . " a man 's ' hand come into scene and draw a thick blue pencil circle around it . mo . full shot - int . time news room - night brian kelly , the city editor , be just put down the item . he be a quiet , chunky , very wise , soft -spoken man of about 40 . one of the characteristic about he be that he smoke a brand of cigarettes with a hard cardboard tip . he do not use a ash tray but absently pull the cigarette out of he mouth by clamping five finger right around it and then stand it up on he deck , so that little cluster of half - burn cigarettes be always stick up like tiny monument on he desk . in the b.g. we can see the other reporter busy at they desk and copy-boy walk around . still frown at the item , . Kelly reach for a cigarette , study the item again . kelly '' Boy eae , a copy-boy , who be just go by , turn toward he . ( continued ) so g 177 13 . 29 ( cont . ) kelly - get I the file on John W , Bundy . a cop kill in 1932 . the boy start off . ' kelly ( call after he ) . and. get mcneal . the boy go on he way . camera follows he to mcneal 's desk . mcneal be a earnest , lanky man who , at the mo - ment , be busy type out a story . . the boy walk by and tap he on ' the shoulder but mcneal go right on writ - - ing .» - : boy - ! Kelly want you . . a mcneal nod and the boy go off to the file room . mcneal be just finish he story . he start rise , still hit the key as he 's stand up , look down at the’ paper . ' then he stop , one hand reach out for two page of copy lie on he desk and while he '' gtill read the sheet in the typewriter , he tap one more letter , he start move , walk around the edge - of the desk and pull the last sheet out of the type - writer as he go by . vat mcneal put the three sheet in order and as he reach Kelly 's desk , he spike the story on a spindle . Kelly throw some copy into a basket , pick up the clipping and hand it to mcneal . kelly check this . mcneal nod without answer . he glance at the clip - ping a moment , study it . Kelly go right on with he . work , read copy that have be hand to he , mcneal what do you make of it ? kelly I want to know why it 's worth $ 5,000 to somebody to find out who kill a : _cop eleven year ago . mcneal ( grimly ) . in 1932 , it be open season on cop . on the northside they be shoot fem in pair , like a brace of duck . ( continued ) 177 14 . 29 ( cont .. 1 ) oc ) : just then the copy - boy come back . ] boy _ ( hand Kelly two - or. three clipping ) this be all I could find on that cop kill in 1932 - that Bundy guy - Mr. Kelly . c | : mcneal . . , ( to Kelly , drily ) see what I mean ? he do not rate much . kelly . well , it will not hurt to check it , ( sarcastically ) . maybe you will get you name in the papers . - Kelly take the cigarette out of he mouth and stand it up on the end of he desk , like ail the other . burn out stub . mcneal look thoughtfully at the item again . | , mcneal : , this be sucker- bait . every grifter so and mooch in town will . be out after CO . that five grand . they will frame they ' - brother to get it . : ( thoughtfully ) maybe this be a frame . it have a lot of angle . Kelly look up at he with a sudden grin . kelly see. what I mean ? it just take you longer to catch on . - to mcneal concede the. point reluctantly . mcneal well , iwas just think about it . mcneal start away . Kelly go back to he work . camera move along with mcneal , back to . he desk . he sit down and pick up the phone . camera move in . * mcneal ( into phone ) give I northside 777 . yeah .... right. wat ' ( continued ) 177 15 . 29 ( cont . 2 ) CO with he free hand , mcneal hold up the circle item . and look at it thoughtfully , wonderingly . mcneal {continuings into phone hello ? ... be this northside 7779 I want to talk to tillie wiecek .... yeaheses -( a pause ) : . . where can I find she ...?. yeah , I - know it 's after seven , think you might know ... ee mo ( repeat a address ) . where ? 179 .... right ..... thank you . he hang up , and we . dissolve to : 30 . | full shot - ext . office bldg . - night ' the street be desert and there be only one or two office window light . . we . dissolve thru to : 31 _ full shot - int . corridor office bldg . - night J \7 we be shoot the entire length of a long , long marble corridor in a office building . Far down the ' corridor , we can discern a lonely , solitary figure , that of a old woman , down on she hand and knee , scrubbing the floor with a sponge and soap , from a bucket of water which she continually push in front of she . over shot we hear the slow methodic footstep of one man ( hard heel on he shoe ) echoing hollowly through the corridor . the footstep advance toward the.old woman . the woman be tillie wiecek . mcnealt voice I be look for tillie wiecek . tillie ( noncommittally ) what you want ? camera pull back . mcneal show she the ad . mcneal I call northside 777 , and they . say I would find she here . ( continued ) 177 CC h 31 ( cont . ) tillie I be tillie . mcneal do you run this ad ? _ 16 , she wipe she hand on she apron and somewhat apolo - getically take the clipping , look at it and nod , . tillie | that 's from I . ( anxiously ) you know something ? mcneal .* ( shake he head ) no .... i be a reporter from the Chicago Tim ( then ) we would like to know why you be so in - terested in find the killer of this cop ? . tillie ( get up ) . Frank wiecek .... be my son . I , he mother , my son be in prison for kill he , he do not do it .. , my friend tell I if I offer big money , maybe somebody will tell who kill . this policeman , the expression on mcneal 's face change , he 's to get the general idea . he 's get a story . mcneal you mean you son be in prison for kill the cop ? be that right ? tillie ( excitedly ) yes , but he do not do it . my Frank be a good boy , ... - he do not do this thing , mcneal lo . ( pointedly ) about this five thousand dollar ... , where do you get it ? beginning mcneal 's attitude have crush tillie 's hope , and she expression change , ( continued ) 177 31 ( cont . 1 ) o q 17 . tillie ( puzzle ) that be important ? oe mcneal / yes , it 's very important . where he get it -- or where you get it -- might have . a lot to - do with the case . he . might have have it hide away or maybe you . get it from some mob that 's try to spring he . tillie notl ...ee. no , it 's mine ! j] work. , .. I scrub floor ! eleven year I save every penny . I never miss a day 's work . I earn it -- every penny ! . mcneal ( appal ) eleven year . that 's a long time . ' tillie ( majestically ) : you just say it . my boy he live it , | you believe I , mister , you do not know Frank . but I , I be he mother , I knowee .e . mcneal you. mean you have get some new evidence ? something that be not bring out at the trial ? ~ tillie , no . that 's why I try to buy new evidence , , . ' , mcnbal . ! ( gently ) . 4 you be go to be waste you money . ) you will be cheat out of it . tillie no , not I . mcneal look , lady -- he 's in for 99 year . if you want to make good use of that money , send he cigarettes and candy '' and try to keep he happy . ( continued ) | 177 18. 31 ( cont . 2 ) oc tillie see that he be about to go and she put a be - ee '' strain hand on he arm , tillie you very kind , but I not use my money for candy or cigarettes ... if you not able to help , I get Frank out someday , somehow . ( a pause ) I dream of this day . mcneal ( cynically ) five thousand dollar be a lot for a dream . tillie yes , eleven year I dream and I work . '' first I try three thousand dollar ... ( hopelessly ) nothing ... now I try five thousand dollar . mcneal ( softly ) and suppose nothing happen ? . : '' tillie seem to draw up and grow larger and more magni - ~ wa ficent . ° tillie ( grimly ) . then I work eleven more year . I get ten thousand dollar , but my boy someday he get out , mcneal look . at she admiringly . mcneal I have get to hand it to you , Mrs. wiecek . you have get real courage ; tillie ( she eye lighting up ) you help I ? mcneal well , I be afraid I can not do that . ( tillie 's face fall t in disappointment ) I be just a reporter . I just write the story .ese but ... egood luck to youesese é he turn and start slowly away . 177 32 33 34 35 19 . close shot . -. tillie as she turn she head and look after he . again we hear the sharp , clear sound .of he footstep , but this time recede down the corridor like the sound of hope , leave she forever . finally they stop . tillie sigh , and drop to she knee , resume she scrubbing . close shot . - mcneal stand at the elevator .... look back down the corridor . at the far end , from he angle , we see the pathetic , crouch figure on hand and knee scrubbing the floor . mcneal , with he finger about to push the elevator button , pause , then he shake he head and shrug . he press . the button and turn he back on tillie , and . we . dissolve to : glose shot - int . time ' news room ~ mcneal hand his hand be on he typewriter , peck out he story , we see part of it . it read : " in the pre-dawn hour when you be travel through the loop on you way home from a party , you have see she , or other . like she . they be elderly woman , most of they , and they be weary , all of they .... " dissolve thru to : int , time " news . room - night ~ insert ~- " time " headline the headline read : " slave to save $ 5000 ; offer it to clear her son by P. J. mcneal " camera pull back - Kelly be read , hear mcneal come in a side door and as he approach he own desk , Kelly beckon to he . _ _. kelly good yarn on that scrub woman . it 's get size . ( correct copy ) it 's too good for a one - day story . go up to stateville and interview she son . ( continued ) — 177 20 . 35 ( cont . ) mcneal make a effort to control himself . mcneal ( firmly ) - now , wait a minute . I do not play up that angle just to siority a cop-killer . . kelly ( calmly ) you : get proof he be a cop+killer ? mcneal they do not give he 99 year for play hooky . he have a record ; he be on probation when he shot the cop kelly ( softly ) yeah : I know . I look it up ; too he be public enemy number one . he and a couple of other kid break into a grocery store . ( ironically ) he get two buck == and a record . '' mcneal maybe so ; but in this case a eye= witness identify he as one of the killer , his trial be review by - the Supreme Court += and he con~ ~ viction upheld ! . kelly ( shrugging ) so what ? it can not hurt to go up there and see what the guy have to say - can it ? _ '' Mac walk to the water cooler , take a cup ; and fill up , Kelly glance over and continue talk . kelly ~ ( with emotion ) let 's put it this way , Mac -- maybe . ifm - interested for personal reason -- because my mother do the same thing . she scrubbed floor on hand and knee for more than eleven year -- to send I through school . ( continued ) ) 177 21 . ' 35 ( cont . 1 ) ; Mac turn around and eye Kelly , who be now look down at he copy . mcneal slowly turn and come back to the desk . his expression have change . oo mcneal I will go up . to the pen’in the morning . how about expense ? Kelly do not look up but pull . a little voucher from the front of he desk and sign it . kelly here 's a voucher . take it to the cashier . Mac start off and Kelly do not even look up . but Mac stop and turn around . ' _. ) moneal Kelly . kelly ) _ ( look up ) . : yeah ? ! - mcneal I happen to know you mother have a small annuity . she never scrubbed a floor in she life -- and you never get out of the fifth grade . Kelly look sheepish . mcneal . but I figure if you pull such a corny gag -- you want I to go pretty badly ' -- so I be go . ' ( then as he turn - to. leave ) . but I do not want you to think you get away with it . kelly ( as Mac start off3 call after he ) keep the expense down , Mac , Kelly smile wryly as he watch mcneal stomp out of the news room , and we dissolve to : 226 full shot - int . mcneal apartment - night itts a conservative , neat apartment . mcneal enter , throw he newspaper on a chair , and start take he coat off . daurat voice ( offscene ) who be it ?! . mcneal the milkman , he sit down in a armchair and start pull off one of he shoe , LAURA come in . he kiss she and , over she shoulder , notice a bridge table cover with hundred of piece of a jig-saw puzzle . mcneal ' what ! this -- another one ? LAURA yes '' w~ - be not it a beauty ?! five hundred piece . mcneal iook at she chidingly . Laura take he coat . ! LAURA . youtre early tonight ! what happen ? mcneal T have to get up at 8:50 and go ' out to stateville to see that scrub - woman 's boy ( he sit down heavily ) get something to eat ? LAURA ( turn to kitchen ) - I have it wait for you . she go into the kitchen , mcneal take off he other shoe , glance idly at the jig-saw puzzle . we can hear Laura move dish in the kitchen . mcneal I dontt know how a intelligent woman can spend so much . time on this thing . laura' voice I notice you work on the last one . Laura appear at the kitchen door , look at he accuse ingly as she approach with a sandwich and a bottle of ( continued ) 177 23 . 36 ( conte ) oo , beer . mcneal be still look at the puzzle as she put ha he food down on a clear space on the bridge table . Laura pick up he newspaper , glance at the head . 37 mo , full sho ? = int , mcneal live room - night during the ensue scene , mcneal from time to time , against he will , try to fit a few puzzle piece to - gether while he 's eat . he do it almost automati - cally . - , . : daura . you know .. that be a wonderful yarn you write about that Polish mother . S it have a lot of feel . ( put down paper ) what a magnificent thing that old lady do , . mcneal ( fitting in a piece of puzzle ) yeah . everybody 's touch . especi - ally Kelly . the plece do not fit , Laura reach over , turn it co around , and fit it properly into the puzzle . LAURA iwas , too . it make you feel warm . mcneal ( sarcastically ) I hit it hard . but do nft start be ~ lieve it , I read the file on the case . this kid kill a cop and he get what be come to he . now , both of they be absorbedly search for miss piece of the puzzle . : mcneal you get a branch for this tree , somewhere ? LAURA this thing ? she hand it over , and he start to fit it into the pic - ture : : , " LAURA : i I wasntt think about the boy -- we I be think about he mother . ( continued ) no 177 24 , 37 ( cont . ) mcneal I know .... I know ... I hammer out a sob . story and now everyone 's . blub - bering all over I . LAURA ( thoughtfully ) you know what it be ? it catch you imagination ... enobody know whether she 's right or not -= but she 's work so hard , she 's have such faith , that I think that I .... I want - she to be right . : mcneal ( hopelessly ) : darling , I love you . would not you _ serub floor for I if I brain Kelly with a large chunk of lead type ? Laura hesitates , shrug she shoulder and make a face LAURA ( pretend to have she . doubt ) oh , I do not knowe .. e for a moment mcneal , who be tired , look a bit huffy . then he give she a tired smile and try to fit a bit of puzzle in . - LAURA mickey ..ewhy dontt you .... he look up , then back at the puzzle , turn the piece around and triumphantly fit it in . mcneal I know that be right ! LAURA ( softly ) mickey .... mcneal okay , okay .... itm go out to see the guy . . ( he look back at he newspaper ) woman be sucker for sentimentality . I guess that 's how I get you -- all I have to do be dangle a orange blossom in front of you . ( continued ) U ' 1 ' on 177 37 38 39 40 41 : 25 . ( contel ) : : ! '' LAURA 1 ( smugly ) oh , . it take more than that .. iister melneal . : meneal . look up at she , raise he eyebrow , and she take a piece of the puzzle out of he hand , put it on the opposite end of the puzzle and victoriously make . 1¢ fit . mcneal frown , as we . dissolve to : ext , stateville penitentiary - establishing shot = day ' dissolve tos insert : sign on stone wall ' it read : '' stateville penitentiary " dissolve to ? insert : door ; on which there be a sign that read : " warden " / dissolve thru to : full sho ? - int . warden' office + day the warden be seat at he desk . mcneal what kind of a guy be he ? warden ( noncommittally ) I like he . the door be throw open by a trusty and Frank wiecek walk in . he have a beat and regiment look . he come over to the warden 's desk . warden Frank , this be mcneal of the Chicago Times . he want to interview you . Frank look surprised , but not yet hopefuld ( continued ) ' 177 42 gg 264 41 ( cont . ) warden you ' do not have to consent to this interview or answer any question if you do not want to . . frank * ( quickly , eagerly ) but I 'do want to . sure I want tot the warden turn to mcneal . warden ' okay , he 's yours . ( to Frank ) '' sit down . Frank sit down awkwardly and nervously . " mo . three shot - int . warden' office - mcneal , warden and frank : meneal lazily pull out he notebook and pencil . mcneal the Times have take a interest in you case . I come to ask you some question . Frank look up in timid disbelief . this have come after eleven year and be a complete shock to hin . : frank yes , sir . mcneal I would like more of you story . you side of it . I need a angle , some - thing to hit the public with . un - derstand ? frank ( eagerly ) yes , sir . mcneal now -- you know about the ad you mother put in the papers -- about the five thousand dollar reward ? Frank nod . mcneal do you know she be scrubbing floor to get that money ? ( continued ) 177 276 42 ( cont . ) o : frank 's yes , sir , I do . all she life for ' be to get I out -= and I guess that 's all I get to live for , too ~ meneal eye he '' intently , and : then make a note mcneal '' that 's a great angle to play up . you faith in you mother -- and : she - faith in you . 45 |. mo . two shot -— int . warden' office -. frank and mcneal mcneal : : ( soberly ) you know -- if youtre guilty , '' youtre - let she slave she life away for nothing . a frank ( ( proudly ) . she know I be not guilty . meneal look at he skeptically . ~~ mcneal I read the news clip -= and the- transcript of the trial . ( drily ) '' they do not white - wash you -= the way I see it . frank ( nodd solemnly , agree with this ) but you read only what convict I , all the true fact do not come out . even judge moulton say I be not guilty . mcneal ( surprised ) ; the judge who give you 99 year ? 7?7t .- frank the jury say we be guilty -~ he have to , but in he chamber , he say he know we be innocent . mconeal c3 ( avidly ) . when be this ? ( continued ) om 177 44 43 ( cont . ) 28. frank after he sentence we , hee ... mcneal ( lose interest ; knowingly ) . oh , after ... well , maybe we would better duck that . what else ? frank '' ( somewhat bitterly ) my lawyer be a drunk , he do not even let I on the stand , because he be afraid I would get the chair . mcneal ( noncommittal ) go on , mo . close shot - frank there be a faraway look in he eye , as if he be be - live what he 's . think about . frank when they question you hour after hour , you be bound to get mix up on a lot of little thing the way I do . the cop do not even lis- Ben to I on the important thing . they have to have a conviction - so they go ahead and get it . mcneal voice that 's another good angle . Rail - roadedt frank they take I from one police sta - tion to another , every few hour - take I around the horn , they call it - so my lawyer could not get - I oute ( then remember something excitedly ) then this wanda skutnik - the first two time she see I , she say I ' be not the man then , all of a sud - 1 de , she say I wast 177 29 . 45 mo , full shot - int . warden' office - mcneal , frank ~ and warden '' mcneal finger womanit we will play . that up oo . frank . ( hopelessly ) ~ I be home with my wife when the policeman be kill . mcneal pick up he ear at this . mcneal ( interested ) > ' do you wife visit you reigulariy ? frank " . ( dully ) my wife ? ( he shrug ) yes -- but wetre divorced . mcneal : look disappointed . - - : * mcneal well , ' maybe wetd better duck that a ) : angle goo - frank ( puzzle ) you duck . so many thing +- you dontt believe I ... do you ? mcneal ( patiently ) '' look = I talk to you mother , shet a fine old lady . she be - lief you . ( then ) but I need proof . frank | ( dully ) . I get no proof . mcneal yeah , I know . {then , go on ) well , here 's what we will do - we will play up the mother angle , and this finger woman ~ and maybe police and political corruption too , ( continued ) 177 30 . 45 ( cont . ) - frank I do not say that . a mcneal ( forcefully ) what difference do it make ? it 's a good angle - and it 's probably true anyway . you dontt want a wishy - washy story . this have to have sock ! mass appeal ! that 's the only way we can help you = get sympathy - and public support . ( then , softly ) you leave it to mee Frank look at he . frank thank you , Mr. mcneal . meneal feel a little uncomfortable . warden ( quietly ) thatts all , Frank . Frank neds and start towards the door . on he way there , he look back piteously at mcneal , plead for help and faith . then he go out , with the warden . and meneal ieck after he . mcneal . be there any guilty man up here ? warden not if you hear they tell it . mcneal ( sighing uncomfortably ) they sure make a hard pitch , do not ' they ? warden _ ( darily ) 99 year be a long time . mcneal maybe hetd have be better off if he get the chair . as he start out , we dissolve tos 177 46 47 48 49 31 . insert ; headline ....» chicago time . ' the headline read : " t not guilty ' say . wiecek : place faith in mother -- by P. J. mcneal t I be not guilty of the murder of policeman Bundy '' I be place my entire faith in my mothert con - fidence in I .t this be the state - '' ment today of Frank wiecek , who. be ' serve 99 year in stateville penitentiary.cccccce '' dissolve tos int . time ! build ~ switchboard ( superimpose under the small '' printing of the wiecek in - terview and he pan down the page to he picture . ) switchboard operator answer call . 1st girl mre meneal be busy but I '11 tell he you call to say you like the story . 2nd girl yes , the ' timest be go to con= tinue with the wiecek case , int ... time ! build - mail room boy sorting out mail . every fourth or fifth letter be throw into a bag as the boy sorting mumble either the name mcneal or Kelly , full shot - int , time newsroom : = night mcneal be at he desk , which have a large stack of mail on it . he be just hang up the phone . he evidently '' open about 15 or 20 of they , be look at another as Kelly come up behind he and put a hand on he shoulder kelly Nice work , Mac . what be you go to use for a follow=up ? Mac look up skeptically . ( continued ) 177 49 ( cont . ) : : i 50 32 . mcneal : : I follow-up ? kelly yeah , tt 's snowball and they want more of . it . . mcneal . ( scathingly ) ~ you want to give I a raise -- or do I just get the five thousand from '' wiecek 's mother ? . ' kelly . : ( stiffen a bit ) look , Mac -~ I just work here , like you . 's I get my order , too . mcneal '' order from whom -=- the circulation department ? we be sell lot of papers =~ we also might be sell this dead cop short . ( then , sharply ) maybe he have a mother who scrubbed floor , too ! Kelly take he hand off of Mac 's shoulder and walk quietly toward he awn desk , mcneal look after hima moment and then with determination get up and follow he . as Kelly sit down , mcneal come over to join he . mo . full shot - at kelly desk as mcneal walk over . mcneal I will tell you another thing -- be - member what wiecek say about the’ judge promise he a new trial ? Kelly blue-pencils a few line of a story and put it in the tray . he nod . - mcneal well , the judge die three week after the case be close . he 's be dead now for eleven year . ( then ) that wiecek guy be pretty sharp -- give I a lead he know I could never . check . ( continued ) 177 50 ( conte ) kelly then why dontt you try a different lead ? do you know we be get a average of twenty phone call a hour from reader ? t mcneal yeah -= and every time the phone ring , you keep see a big juicy headline -- " Chicago Times clear innocent mant " kelly why not ? mcneal why not ?l ( derisively ) you thread be loose ! there be not a chance of ith kelly look , Mac == if youtre so sure the guy be guilty and there 's nothing more to the story , then end itt write a finish piece , and kill ite meneal be jubilant . mcneal I will take that deal , I '11 inter - view he wifel she believe in he so much she get a divorce ! - ( start eway ) and you ean put that on you fat rotary press , Mr. Kelly ! that ought to kill it for keep ! 33 , . dissolve to : 177 51 a2 34 . ext . helen' house - full shot - day it be on a typical Chicago street . some boy be play football . camera . pan from they to a car with a press sign on the windshield . mcneal and photographer . aré stand at - the front door of a small house . outside helen be - front door mcneal push the buzzer , after a moment the door open and helen appear in the doorway . , : mcneal itm look for helen rayska . : helen yes ...? mcneal I be mcneal , of the Times . I be do - ing a series on the wiecek case . _ helen ( warmly ) oh , yes . I read they . please come in . mcneal nod he thanks , and he and spitzer enter . full shot - int . rayska apartment - day it be furnish pitifully - with neo - Grand rapid and '' Louis the fourteenth Street . a boy 's baseball bat and equipment be stand in the corner . spitzer put he photographic equipment down and look around . helen sit down nervously on the edge of the couch and mcneal take the arm of a chair . -( note : throughout this scene the photographer move in and out of camera range take he shot . from time to time , mcneal signal , by a one -hand gesture like a umpire call a safe play , that the photographer should take ais shot from a unflatter , low , cheese cake angle . | mcneal ( settling himself ) I get . you marry name from you former mother - in- law , tillie wiecek . . helen I have not see she since the divorce . I guess she do not feel very kindly towards tie . ( continued ) 177 53 ( cont . ) 35 . helen ( cont , ) ( earnestly ) do you think there 's a chance Frank . will get out ? noneal - ( quietly ) do : you want he to ? / . helen ( amaze ) sure , I want he to ! mcneal ( casually ) would you be wait for he ? - helen ( hesitates ; softly ) no + I would not - I be marry again . ( then ) but I would be glad for Frank - because he 's a fine man - and because he 's innocent ! he be at home with I when the policeman be kill , mcneal yeh . I know . you be baking a cake . ( she look at : he sharply ) you love he . then - I mean ? helen ( look away ) I do . very much . mcneal {cynically , writ - ing it down ) but the lonely night be too much for you ? you could not go on that way ? be not that it ? helen no ! that 's what tillie might think . ( softly ) I love he . JI would have stick to he . but Frank want I to get the divorce . . ( continued ) g 177 53 ( cont . 1 ) 36 . mcneal ( sarcastically ) do he pick out you new husband . for you too ? ue helen it 's the truth ? mcneal ( softly ) okay . okay . skip ibe ( then ) do you contribute to the reward money - or do tillie earn it - all py herself ? . helen ( helplessly ) I could not help . I have not any - thing , - Mac look around the house and look nat she silk stock - ing . - helen ( self -consciously ) my husband , Mr. rayska , take care of I and my boy . Frank 's boy . I ' can not ask more than that . he 's a good man =~ and he love I and he love the boy . we be lucky . mcneal . yeah - you seem to have come out of it all right . helen freeze and spitzer take the shot . helen Mr. mcneal , I tell you the truth about the divorce . Frank want it . mcneal it '1ll be hard to make anybody be - lieve it . ' Frank 's wife say he 's innocent =~ and she show she faith by divorce he ! ( continued ) '' 177 37 . 53 ( cont . 2 ) 54 helen ( stoutly ) that 's the way it be ! I go up to see he that day - want to make he keep up hope - want . to cheer he up . he look depressed _ ~ the way you do when youtre terribly worried . and then we . _ slowly dissolve to : full shot - int . visitors ! room - stateville pen ~ day several prisoner be converse through the giass parti ~ fone ten be sit opposite Frank . camera move in helen how tve you really be ? '' ' frank Fine . how have you be ? '' belen Fine , : frank how 's ma? helen fine. frank and how 's the boy ? ' helen oh , he 's fine . . Frank look at she a moment and shake he head . frank ( softly ) always fine . everything 's fine - because we get nothing to say no more . helen Frank , darling , please ..... : ( continued ) g 177 54 ( cont . ) 38 , : frank I know . so many thing you do not say . you do not talk about the out - side because I be in here . you do not want to remind I . ( sadly ) but I remind myself . I think about lot of thing . ( then , plaintively ) helen , tell I ..- how 's the boy do - ing in school ? helen ( miserably ) het do very well , Frank . frank but what about the other boy ? kid can hurt he bad .... helen ( guiltily ) they be only kid , Frank . they do not know what they be say . frank ( nodd ) yes , I know . Son of a jailbird -- a cop-killer 's son . helen look away from he . helen it 's nothing , Frank . I be think about move to a new heighborhood anyway . he will go to a new school . frank ( shake he head ) it 's no good -- a new school be no good . ( then , grimly ) a new name -- that 's what would be good . helen ( appal ) Frank ! 's frank ( grimly ) I be just like dead , helen . . in about 30 year I can be parole -- if I be lucky . 30 year . ( continued ) 177 39 . 54 ( cont . 1 ) frank ( cont , ) '' ( with grim purpose he. go on ) you have get to divorce I , helen . '' ' helen ( pitifully ) Frank , you can not mean that . frank . ( grimly ) yes . Love be not for we no more , helen , it 's finish . ( then ) now we think of the boy . only the boy . camera move in on he . frank ( continue ) my boy must . live for I . it be like I live again -- outside ... what else I get ? ( passionately ) but if he be not free -- if they call he the son of a jailbird -- then it 's no good because then my son be in jail too ... then I can not even dream . ( grimly he shake he head from side ‘to side ) that 's why you must get this divorce , helen . my boy need a father -- and a@ new.name ... and a new chance } helen . but I could not do thatl I just could not ... dissolve to : 55 ' bull shot - int . helen' apartment - day mcneal be listen to helen as she tell she story . helen and for over a year I would not do it , Mr. mcneal . but he keep begging I and begging I . ( continued ) 177 40 , 55 ( cont . ) cy helen ( cont . ) , ( simply ) then I meet Mr. rayska . he love I -- and he be fond of little Frank , he understand everything about we , mcneab rise thoughtfully . mcneal what about 's the kid ~ do he know ? helen point to a photograph of Frank on the table . a relen yes ; he know , but now everyone call he father .... uncle Frank , wefve make a point of that . mcneal nod understandingly . then we hear the sound of a key in the lock , the door be throw open , and mr . rayska come in with frank , JR , Mr. rayska be quite a ordinary look man -- but he be extremely , kind and gentle and sincere in appearance . he be very obviously a@ good mane Little Frank be all boy - corduroy pants ; a beanie hat , and a slightly dirty face . oo frank , JR . ~ ‘( run in ) look , ma ..... brand new. ( show the ball ) rayska ( explain to helen ) he lose the other on . then both Frank , Jr. and Mr. rayska become aware of mcneal and spitzer . helen this 1s Mr , mcneal of . the newspaper e ( then to mcneal ) and this be my husband , Mr. rayska . the man shake hand , helen this 1s my boy , Frank , Frank , Jr. , shake hand with meneal who look knowingly at helen . ( continued ) 177 : 41 . 55 . ( cont . 1 ) mcneal . ( to helen ) mind if we take a few picture of you and the boy ? helen : of course not . come over here , Frank . helen and the boy sit down in a armchair and spitzer start take shot of they while mcneal be look rather suspiciously from rayska to helen . and we can gee & strange think spring into he mind . mcneal ( casually ; to rayska ) mind if I ask you a question ? rayska certainly not . . mcneal ( very casually ) be you in Chicago in December , 1932 ? : rayska ( look puzzle , then nod slowly ) yes . why ? mcneal ( still very innocently ) do you know helen then ? helent face fill with shock and anger . she be suddenly aware of the implication of mcneal 's question . . helen ( furiously ) what do you mean -= ask such a question ? mcneal ( to rayska ) any objection to answer ? rayska ( shake he head slowly ) no. no objection . ( to helen ) he must ask everything , dear . I know that . ( continued ) 177 55 56 42 ( cont . 2 ) rayska ( cont . ) ( then , to mcneal ) I do not meet helen till long after she be divorced . this can be vrove by we friend ... . '' mcneal : ( apologetically ) sorry . . I have to figure all the angle . no offense . Little Frank have turn very belligerent and angry . frank JR . ' what . 's he ask question for any - ' way ? what 's the big idea ? mcneal ( hesitantly ) it 's about you uncle Frank . the boy stand up defiantly and walk over to he father 's picture which be on the table near mcneal . . frank jr. ( belligerently ) he 's not my uncle -~ he 's my father . mcneal look at he a second and pat . he lightly on the shoulder and turn , beckone to spitzer , and they go out together as we dissolve to : full . shot - ext . time bldg . - day a number 's of truck be back against . the load plat - form the display ad on they side be all the same ? " divorced wife believe wiecek innocent by p.. J. mcneal ' Frank could not have commit the murder , ' say ex-wife . camera pan up to window , where we see Kelly lean out and look down at the truck ad . 177 57 58 59 '' 43 . mo . full shot .-. int . time ! newsroom .- day shoot toward window and Kelly 's back . Kelly turn from window very pleased with himself - a inch line turn into a smash story . full shot -:int . . time newsroom - day as Kelly . look toward mcneal 's desk , and see that it 's empty ; he walk toward - he own desk and sit down . full . shot .- int .. time newsroom = day - another angle as Kelly begin to work on sorie . copy , he look up again at mcneal 's empty desk . then , just as he 's about to get back to he work , something catch he eye , and . he see ' mcneal come in . Kelly catch he eye , and mcneal come aver , pull . a piece of paper out of . he pocket . mcneal see this item about the warehouse fire ? _ ( he hand over the item ) might be a fire -bug . or a arson ring . 's . . kelly think there 's something in it ? he hand the item back . mcneal ( noncommittal ) might be . kelly oturn back to work ) go after it . mcneal can scarcely believe he ear . mcneal be that a assignment ? kelly ( without look up ) sure . mcneal . start .away , clutching the item happily . kelly : ( still without look up ) oh , Mac .... Mac stop , turn warily . ( continued ) 44 , l177 59 ( cont . ) a . C ) monbal yeah ? '' kelly I know there 's nothing more to the wiecek case .....- it 's all wash up . but before you tackle that warehouse yarn ... mcneal come close now , he face show he exasperation . : kelly I get a phone call from the warden this morning . wiecek want to see you again . mcneal what for ? kelly ( drily ) maybe he want to confess . . . ' mcneal '' . but iwas just up there ! do not I get time off for good behavior ? a : kelly ( wryly ) wiecek 's be in there for 1l year , Mac . . mcneal turn away . mcneal ( over he shoulder ) and that cop 's be , bury longer than that ..... he go out with Kelly look after he , and we dissolve to : cy 177 60 456 ° full shot - int , warden' office - stateville prison - day the warden be behind he desk . mcneal be in a chair , idly play with a couple of slug of type , make a clack noise with they in he hand . the door open and Frank wiecek come in . mcneal ( affably ) hello , wiecek . Frank , with he face impassive , come slowly forward toward mcneal and stop directly in front of he . - . frank ( with a effort ) Mr. mcneal , I send for you to tell you I do not want ycu to write any more ebout I or my family -- ( then ) : I read you writings , I have see the picture of my mother , and my wife , and my boye ( bitterly ) we pour out we heart to you unashame and sesso mcneal ( interrupt ) you want help , do not you ? it 's the only way to get people interested in the case - nobody will read the two line add - helf million people be follow the story . someone might know the killer and get in touch with use frank ( raging ) . who do you think you be kid ? I do not want that kind of help ! I will stay here a thousand year -- but . you must not write anymore about my mother and my wife and my boy } ( contemptuously ) my mother be do this for I } not to sell you papers } meneal shift guiltily in he chair . mcneal now , wait a minute , wiecek . ( continued ) 177 : : 46 . ' 60 ( cont . 's ) frank I make my wife divorce I -- so my boy have a new name ... now you have put he picture in the papery ... you have spoiled everything for hime . ._mcneal _. {off balance ) - . I think I be do a good joby frank . - nof this be write without heart - and without truth ! before , I . think maybe some crook lawyer would try to get the five thousand dollar from my mother == but this I never figure . ( he turn now ) yes , - I say it } it will stay here -- but. you leave alone my family . you leave alone my wife and my boy , he - open the door , visibly shake , and go out , and the ! warden and mcneal watch he close the door , mcneal be a bit uncomfortable and a bit embarrassed , co . mcneal . ( take aback ) what do you make of that ? the warden shrug indifferently , warden I have read all you have write and I think you pitch some pretty low curve ... mcneal ( belligerently ) it be a story . I write it the way I see it . : the warden shrug again . mcneal look at he and feel the indictment in the warden 's eye . mcneal okay . okay --- everybody go soft on this thing . the warden seem to have . lose interest in . the entire interview and he be fussing with some papers on he deske * , ( continued ) 177 4a7e 60 ( cont . 1 ) 61 62 warden as I once tell you , up here every . man. claim to be innocent . but the. prisoner be the harshest judge of themselves and they believe we only have two man who do not belong hereosceo . ( then ) . +ooTomek Zaleska and Frank wiecek . mcneal look at he and then make a quick decision . . mcneal okay . okay . do you mind if I try something ? I would like to talk to tomek . , . : ~ the warden look up , nod , and rise . as they go toward the door we : wipe to : int . stateville prison - zaleska's cell as guard open the door for mcneal and warden . look curiously from the warden to mcneal , Zaleska stand there , pathetic , sad -face , and somewhat resentful . warden ( quietly ) this be Mr , mcneal , of the Times , ' zaleska hello . : mo , full shot - int , zaleska's cell - day meneal turn hesitantly to the warden ... mcneal would it be stretch the rule too far if I talk to he , alone ? the warden hesitates . . warden '' no . go right ahead , ' the warden step outside , not far away , and we continue to see he through the glass door of the cell ; but he be - out of earshot , mcneal move closer to Zaleska , he voice low . ( continued ) o 177 48. 62 ( cont . ) 63 64 mcneal look , tomek -- the ' Times ' want this Bundy case clear up , one way or another . we do not think Frank be in it with you . ( persuasively ) if you confess , and name the ' man who be really with you that night , the ' Times ' will see that you get .a parole . for turn State 's evidence , and the chance be you will get out in six or seven year . { then ) what have you get to lose ?. youtre in ' for life ' now . tell we the truth mo . shot - angling fast mcneal to zaleska Zaleska gulp , and then turn and look out the window . he look out with heartbreaking long -- the window draw - ing he like a powerful 's magnet .. slowly , Zaleska inch toward it , look out where freedom lie . then , he turn around , he face bitter . . zaleska sure ! I could say I do it -- and maybe have a chance of get out , like you say . but if I con - fess -- who would I name as my z partner ? Joe doak ? I could not make it stick for one minute ! ( then ) that 's the trouble with be innocent } you do not know what really happen . ( low ) : . I do not do it .. I and Frank have nothi not to do with it ! ' he compose himself and sit down on the lower bunk . mo . full shot - outside zaleska's cell as mcneal frown , come out of the cell , and take a backward look at Zaleska . the warden move up and they walk off together , warden well ? mcneal shake he head negatively , still frown . ( continued ) oo 177 49 , 64 ( cont . ) 65 mcneal ( grimly ) you must run a nice jail . this guy do not want to get out either . ( then , determinedly ) but I be go to nail this down , if I never write another story ! ( then ) you think Frank would talk to I again ? warden ( nodd ) I imagine he would . I will take you to the hospital . he work there . as they move past the. guard and around the corner , we dissolve 10 : full shot - int . stateville prison - hospital ward Frank be work with a sterilizer , put instrument into it . he look up as the warden and mcneal . walk in . but then he turn back to he work and pay absolutely no attention to they . , warden Frank , Mr. mcneal want to talk to you again . Frank do not even turn around . he continue work at - the sterilizer , mcneal be in a awkward position , but he make he play . mcneal look , Frank ; I have decide to go on with you case , and I will slant the story you way , but I want you to know I still do not think you be innocent . but from here on I be . willing to dig - and get the fact ! now for the first time , wiecek turn around and look at he with dawn hope . mcneal but remember -- the first time I eateh you lie -~- I will blast you so hard you will not even get you parole . when you 33 year be up . be that a deal ? { continued ) 177 65 ( conte ) 506 . frank ( nodd slowly ) I get nothing to be afraid of . yes , I make this deal .. mcneal - ( take out he > notebook and * peneil ) okay . now start talk . 66 mo . shot - hospital ward = another angle in the background we can see the warden look on with full approval . wiecek 's face show no emotion but a grim . determination to give mcneal all the fact . mcneal be there any witness when judge moulton tell you he would try to get you another trial ? frank ( thoughtfully ) there be the bailiff . mcneal what be he name ? frank : ( shaking he head ) I do not know . . mcneal ( grimly ) I will find out . ( then ) what be the name of you lawyer ? frank his name be underwood . but he be disbarre now , mcneal ( disgustedly ) thatts great . a dead judge and : a disbarre lawyere ( then ) what else ? ( continued ) : 66 ( cont . ) ' . i frank : . 1 ; co ' there be wanda skutnik . it be she and she alone , that put I where I 's - ami she identify I . but the other two witness -- gruska and the mailman -- they say - ' no ' . ' mcneal nod . . | frank ' '' . ( continue ) . j then there be a police captain . he be the one who get wanda skutnik to . i : : say I be . the man . he stand right . ' . alongside of she when she pick I _ | : ~ out . she be afraid.of he . ~ mcneal what be he name ? . prank I never find out . he be not at . i the trial . ! mcneal look disgust . se mcneal 7 where can I find this skutnik dame ? frank I dontt know , : mcneal _ that 's nice material . a frank ( pleadingly ) _ tt 's all I get . , but it 's the truth . I swear itt mcneal look at he thoughtfully . _mcneal are. you willing to take a lie detector test ? . Frank look he right in the eye . : frank Mr. mcneal -- for 11 year I have be wait for a chance at that box . ( continued ) ( Zanuck ) 177 revised - " call northside 777 " - 9/18/47 52 . 66 ( cont .l ) 67 mcneal ( nodd ) you know what youtre up against ? if it turn out bad -- you be cook . . if it turn out good -- it 's only - leonarde : keeler 's professional . opinion . rt do not count legally . E 'ly take the test . . mcneal all L vighte I will set . it up for yous he and the warden just nod and walk out , and Frank stand there with a.few instrument in he hand and turn back to the : sterilizer with a look of faith and hope on he face as we dissolve tos | . full . shot - int. cell = stateville prison - night the. cell . contain two bunk , one above the other . in the bottom one , Frank be lie wide awake . in the top one lie . corrigan , a big brutish - look convict , corrigan be look down at Frank . ' corrigan listen , kid -- you take it from I -- '' stay away from keeler and that lie detector . frank - ( look up ) I be not afraid of it . corrigan ( seorntul the ) thatts what I say . . ( then , disgustedly ) ~ I have the cop =~ the State 's Attorney - even my own lawyer believe I . iwas a cinch ! then they talk I into go up against that box ! : ( he groans} - frank what. happen ? corrigan ( with a excited roar ) - what d' you mean , ' what happen ?! I be doint life , be not I ? Frank think this over and he brow furrow , as we dissolve to : 177 | 68° 53 . close shot - int . guard be room - day we be close on the keeler polygraph -- the lie detector . '' we can see three dial , seven knob , and three pen point , set out on the graph paper . it be a formidable look machine , and as camera slowly start to pull back from it , we can hear keeler 's voice come over scene . keeler' voice the machine simply register emotional disturbance , now we can see leonarde keeler , the lie test expert . mcneal . be stand right beside he , look at the machine . keeler touch the blood pressure cuff . keeler this cuff attach to the upper right arm control the pen . that record pulse and blood pressure . ( then he point to the harness ) this harness go around the upper chest , and connect with the pen that record the rate of breathe . this be the galvanometer . emotional tension increase the salt water in you sweat gland and register on the machine . . ' they both look up as the door open and the warden lead Frank in . the door have a upper half make 'of glass , the warden close the door and leave wiecek in the . room . mcneal Frank -- Mr. keeler be all ready ' for you . Frank walk over to the chair indicate by keeler and ~ sit down . mcneal watch quietly as keeler begin to adjust two metal plate to Frank 's wrist . Frank look . at it a little bit scared . keeler take it easy , Frank . just relax . mcneal exit . frank ( smile nervously ) I will do the best I can , Mr. keeler . this be not easy . ( continued ) 177 54 . 68 ( cont . ) keeler ' I know it be not , but if you be tell the truth , you have nothing to be afraid of , 69 full shot - outer room as mcneal enter , he stop short . a assistant of keeler 's . be there , and right beside he , comfortably ensconce in a chair , be Kelly . kelly ( blandly ) hello , mac. mcneal maat be you do here ? kelly oh , I be just . drive out to decatur to see my brother -- so I think I would ' stop by . ( then ) I have never see a lie-test before . mcneal look at he , then through the window at keeler and Frank , and then sharply back at Kelly again . mcneal wait a minute} ! decatur 's out the other wayeec . he point . Kelly shrug blandly , as he rise to come beside mcneal and the assistant and look through the window . kelly I take the detour . the long way .... mcneal ( eyeing he coldly ) yeane . mcneal grin wryly , and Kelly just cock a eyebrow at he . 70 mo . full shot - int . guard be room - day Frank and keeler . the harness be now on Frank . keeler be make final adjustment . keeler ( to. Frank ) remember , Frank -- no matter what you be ask -- just answer ' yes ? or ' no . ' be that clear ? ( continued ) 7 ss 177 55 . 70 ( cont .} 71 72 75 74 Frank nod and swallow nervously . keeler now pick up a deck of card and fan out a dozen or so like a magician . keeler now I want you to pick a card . ( Frank take one - look at it ) just remember it -- but do not tell I what it be , now put it back . ' mo . close shot = int . guard be room - day - at card . frank okay . mo , full shot - int . guard be room - angling past frank toward . keeler o. mcneal and kelly at window Kelly and mcneal look on intently . keeler when I ask you whether this be the card , I want you to answer ' no ' even if it be the card you pickéd . do you understand ? frank . ( puzzle ) yes , sir . full shot - outer room . mcneal watch through the window be . intrigue by the deck of card , he turn to assistant . mcneal what 's this for ? assistant he be force he to lie so it will show on the graph . it give a basis for judge wiecek 's reaction . keeler start hold up the card , mo . close shot - int . guard be room - day we angle past the card in keeler 's hand , to the dial in the machine , include the three pen , ( continued ) g 177 74 ( cont . ) 75 76 frank be . voice ( come over scene ) nowe noseo now ... no . 56 . as. each card come up , Frank 's voice say 's ' no 's and we see that the pen move only a trifle on the machine , but when the ace of spade come up and Frank say ' no ! in the same tone of voice , the pen begin to squiggle . full shot = outer kélly , mcneal and assistant . fascinate as the dial and pen work . ( to mcneal , indicate room assistant the squiggle on the paper ) that establish the emotional level == now we can detect the variation . we can see keeler we just see . they ; full shot - inner mcneal and Kelly watch in the other room adjust some dial , we do not hear they , room keeler pick up a list . of . - ropare question and turn to Frank . ' remember now , just answer | tye ! or not . Frank nod again . keeler keeler be you name Frank wiecek ? _ yes . frank keeler do you have breakfast this morning ? yes . frank keeler do you know tomek Zaleska ? yes . frank ( continued ) o 76 ( cont . ) keeler be you ever in wanda skutnik 's ' delicatess ? to frank noe. keeler you be six foot tall , be not you ? _ , at this point , mcneal and Kelly can be see look in through the glass door . | : frank I be only five- foot-eight . keeler remember , Frank , you be to answer only ' yes ! or tno !'.. now we will do it again . . : : frank I be sorry , sir . keeler be you name Frank wiecek ? frank yes . now the camera move in on the machine and we see the little dial move with each question and answer , . we - see the pen squiggling . and as the camera move in to show part of Frank 's chest , we can see the heaving of he chest move the harness that keeler have place on-him , and now the SOUND track in between the speech , record 's the heavy , loud breathe of Frank 's lung as the up and down pressure move the pen on the paper , the SOUND be insistent and ominous . over this we hear keeler and Frank . - keeler' voice . . you be of Polish descent . be that right ? franks voice yes ... keeler' voice you mother 's name be tillie ? franks voice yes ... dissolve to : . on 177 79 78 58. mo . full shot = outer room it 1s much later . meneal and Kelly be still stand look in the window . camera move up to window and now we see inside . - keeler 's collar be open and he tie be pull down , . Frank wiecek look very , very weary . we see keeler work hard ask question and we see Frank answer . but we do not hear theme : keeler ( ask a question ) frank ( shaking he head ) keeler ( ask a blunt question ) frank ( he react strangely to - this - he have be an- swere the question , head slightly down be - flectively .. this que ~ tion bring he head up sharply . he pause . slightiy - then answer ) moneal and Kelly turn quickly to the machine as it scratch and jump . the assistant catch this and look inside , cui to closeup of mcneal watch . there be no glory in Frank 's disclosure . full shot - back to inner room keeler all right , Frank , that 's all . wetre finish . keeler beckon to mcneal and Kelly to come in and keeler light a cigarette and hand it to Frank and then begin to take Frank out of the harness and the wrist electrode and the arm cuff . mcneal and Kelly enter . ' mcneal well. , what 's the verdict ? keeler jerk he head towards the long strip of paper come out of the machine keeler there it - be . Kelly and mcneal go over to look at the strip of paper and Frank . look at they anxiously . i 177 79 80 59 . insert : the strip of paper it be the usual lie-test graph , register height and depression . it be almost entirely uniform except in one place where the graph have take a decide leap . . back . to scene mcneal be study the graph . from the expression on he face , we can tell he 's a little bit upset by what happen . Frank start to walk out of the room nowe he look crush and . rather frighten . mcneal I will see you later , franks Frank just ' nod and walk out into the corridor where a trusty be wait for he . as soon as the door be , close behind he , mcneal turn to keeler and point . to the graph . oo mcneal . what 's this big jump . right here ? " keeler that big : jump indicate that he be lie . Kelly and keeler come over and look at it . kelly be that when you ask he if he kill Bundy ? - keeler ( shaking he head ) no . when I ask he if he be marry -= he answer ' no . ' he be lie . mcneal ( puzzle ) but he be not lie . he be not marry . het divorced . . keeler ( smile a. bit ) het a Catholic . he still feel he 's marry -- so he reaction be the same as if he would tell a lie . kelly | do you think he lie -- about any - thing else ? ( continued ) 177 60 . 80 ( cont . ) 81 82 83 keeler take the paper , study it , and look up . keeler I will need a couple of hour to study the graph I '11 send you a write report this evening . Kelly and mcneal look at he , and we : slowly dissolve to : mo . full shot - int , time ' newsroom - night - mcneal '' mcneal be at he desk absorb in the story he be pound - ing out at the typewriter . we move in close on he and on the typewriter , and on he finger pound the key . dissolve thru to : montage as mcneal 's hand become that of linotype operator 's hit the linotype key and send out the slug of type for the press . then , across the move hand and the skip key , we can see the line of the story , move ticker - tapne fashion across the screen . ~ " frank wiecek pass lie test stateville penitentiary , December 3 ... ' Frank wiecek be innocent of the murder of policeman Bundy . ' this be the of - ficial opinion give today by leonarde keeler , one of the nation 's foremost criminologists , after subjecting wiecek coceeees camera pan off the end of the ticker - tape and into a ... close shot - int . mcneal bedroom . - night - mcneal he be toss fitfully , nervous and excited , and he 's grind he tooth . cambra pull back to wider angle , as Laura wake up in she own twin bed and switch on the light . she look over at mcneal , worried and then get out of bed . she lean over he , solicitously , anxiously , and then gently shake he , try to rouse he from he nightmare ... he waken sluggishly . LAURA what 's the matter , darling ? { continued ) 177 : él. | 83 ( cont . ) o a mcneal a ( half open he 's eye ) huh ? LAURA ( gently ) what 's wrong ? he make a face , as if he have a bad taste in he mouth . '' LAURA want a bicarb ? he shake he head , daze . LAURA hungry ? how about a nice sandwich ? he grimace , repell by the very idea . : '' mcneal ( sit up , thoughtfully ) no. CO . . she sit back on she own bed , look at he , worried . LAURA you be gnash you tooth and make a awful sound . I have never ' see you this way before , mickey . 84 mo . full shot - scene - toward door - night he glance at she , frown , then start get out of bed . . mcneal ( offhand ) '' something I eat , maybe . Laura be instantly the defensive wife . - ' LAURA ( puzzle ) I eat the same thing . mcneal ( start out ) maybe it be something I write , then . ( continued ) a ; } l177 84 ( cont . ) '' she look after he as he go into the live room and 85 62. y flip on the light . mo . full shot = int . live room 's - toward bedroom ~ night 's : he walk absently to the couch , sit down in front of . the bridge table , which have another jigsaw puzzle on it . he be n*t aware of what . hé 's do , but he start work on it .. then he become aware of the fact that Laura have suddenly appear in the : bedroom doorway and be look at he anxiously . he turn he head and - look at she a moment . -. mcneal ( softly ) - you. look nice . want to marry I ? LAURA '' ( stand still ) idta .. mcneal oh , yeah . ‘( then , turn back to puzzle ) thanks . '' LAURA you be welcome . just remember I be here . he continue to work absently on the jigsaw puzzle . mcneal okay '' gome here . maybe we can lick this thing together . she come over to he , small , charmingly dishevel , and sit down beside he on the couch and snuggle against he . he 's still try to concentrate on the puzzle , but the real inner problem be bother he , LAURA what 's the trouble ? do not the piece fit together ? . mcneal some . but they make the wrong pice ture . : she fit a plece in the puzzle , ( continued ) 177 63. 85 ( cont . ) LAURA the piece never make a wrong pic - ture . maybe you be look at they from the wrong angle , he give she a quick glance , but she 's work on the’ puzzle . : mcneal sometimes , you just can not figure then . now she turn to look at he . LAURA ( gently ) why do not you let go ? tell you - self the truth ! . you want he to be innocent == you want he ° to be free ! admit it ! mcneal . ( grimly ) well , maybe you be right . maybe I want he to be <= but that do not make I believe he 's innocent . LAURA ( gravely ) if you want to believe -- that 's enough . : ( softly ) stop fight it . believe ! ) he turn to look at she a moment , and then he sigh deeply , as if someone have just raise a heavy load from he back , mcneal ( lovingly ) want to marry I ? ( quickly , nodd ) oh , yeah . you do . ( then ) well , then gimme that sandwich , huh ? then she grin at he adoringly , and as she rise to get the sandwich , she kiss he quickly and we . fade out 1 ? - 64 . : fade in : 86 full shot - ext . wacker drive - foot of stair - night as mcnéal come down the stair lead to Michigan boulevard , we can see the skyline behind he . he go on into . the darkness of wacker drive . : 87 . full shot - ext . wacker drive - ye olde cellar - night as mcneal come up to the entrance , over which we see a neon sign read : ye olde cellar . . dissolve to : 88 mo . full shot - int . ye_olde cellar - night a few man be at the bar drink beer . it 1s between mealtime and there be no diner , except sullivan . he - self , a wizen , affable little irishman , who have a mountainous meal pile up before he on a plate and a glass of beer at he elbow . across from he sit mcneal . sullivan ' Mr. mcneal , there be not a finer man ever live than judge moulton . and who would know that better than I - self ? , I be he bailiff for 15 year . 's my hand to the Saints , there be not a finer man 6 veresee mcneal what I really want to know be -- do judge moulton promise Frank wiecek a new trial ? - * sullivan a new trial ? sure , and he do . . ai not that what I have be say all ' along ? . mcneal be you positive of that ? Sullivan peer at he darkly . , sullivan , . it would not nbe you be doubting my word ? : mcneal all I want , Mr. Sullivan , be the detail . ( continued ) 177 65 . . 88 ( cont . ) 39 sullivan ( drink beer ) ah , yes . as. I be say . right after the trial it be , and his honor have - what 's they name - ah , yes , Frank wiecek and tomek Zaleska , and the other , into he chamber -- with I there , of course , to see that no violence wag do to he person -- dissolve t0 flashback : int . judge moulton' chamber - day . ' camera pull back from Sullivan . sullivan you can not tell what a criminal will do next . behind he desk sit judge charle moulton , a man of about fifty - five , still in he judge 's robe . Sullivan stand unobtrusively in a corner . moulton ( drily ) , '' tim sure you will take good care of I , Sullivan , a guard bring Frank wiecek and tomek Zaleska into the room . judge moulton look at they unemotionally . moulton I have just pass sentence on you . 99 year . now , ifd like to . talk to - you -- not as you judge , but as man to man . ( a pause ) the law of the State of Illinois be that a positive identification by ene eye-witness be sufficient evidence to warrant conviction of a crime . . and the jury believe wanda skutnik 's eye-witness identification . - ( to tomek ) tell I the truth . do you and wiecek kill Officer Bundy ? tomek glare at the judge . ( continued ) 177 . ' 89 ( cont , ) 66 . tomek you throw the book at we , do not you ? what good would it do I to say any - thing ? his voice rise emotionally and Sullivan move forward , but moulton stop him with a gesture , moulton and you , wiecek ? frank what do you want I to say ? if I say yes , sure , I kill the cop -- what more can you do to I ? moulton if you say no - I might be able to do something for you . but if you say no , I want it to be in the name of God . Frank stare at the judge , a little puzzle . he come frank you honor , I be no more guilty of kill that cop than you be . . '' moulton and that be the truth ? frank I swore , do not I ? on the Bible . I be a Catholic , you honor , and I -- moulton all right , Frank . ( not rise and smile ) I just want to tell you boy - I think you get a rotten deal . around the desk . moulton I be astonished at the verdict -- but I have to sentence you . the jury give I no alternative . but though I have no authority to demand a new trial for you -- I will see that you get it somehow , ( continued ) 177 67 . ; 89 ( cont . 1 ) : . : frank - oy - ( move ) ; sd : thank -- thank you , sir . tomek | -- Ana -- I be sorry , sir . I guess I lose my head . a mowlton you. have a right to . he shake hand with each of they in turn . moulton ( to guard ) bring in decker , gruska , and the | skutnik woman . : the guard lead Frank and tomek out . moulton sigh , and . turn to Sullivan . . moulton I would give anything if I could have hear this case . without a jury . sullivan ' ( affectionately ) co sure , you honor have more sense than any twelve man - especially when some of they be woman . moulton smile a little at this , and sit down . the . guard bring decker , gruska , and wanda skutnik into the room , they line up before the desk , decker and gruska puzzle and embarrassed ; wanda openly defiant . the judge look at they keenly , let they sweat it out for a long moment before he speak . _ moulton ( finally ) Mr. decker -- you swore , under oath , that you could not identify either Frank wiecek or tomek Zaleska as the murderer . decker that 's. right , sir . like I testify , they have they coat collar turn - up , and they face be hide -- ( continued ) 177 89 ° ( cont . 2 ) 68. moulton but you see they approximate height , and weight . and you have see both wiecek and Zaleska ? would you say they could -- bear in mind I say could -- could have be the same man ? - decker shake he head apologetically . decker no , sir . I do not think they could . moulton Mr. gruska , you be in the room when the murder be commit . what do you have to say ? . . gruska ( nervous , afraid ) I swear to that , like I testify - they big man - wiecek and Zaleska , they not so big = not so . big like the man . who shoot policeman - I know = . ' moulton nod and turn to wanda skutnik . moulton and yet you , Mrs. skutnik -- you alone , of all the witness , have testify under oath that you posi - tively recognize both defendant . : wanda . ( without emotion ) I do -- and it 's true . I gota better look at they . : moulton look at she suspiciously . gruska judge.o.. she 's a liar . she run into the closet . I hide behind the stove . the shot be fire . they fight ...- and all the time I see . but all the - time , she be in the closet . she could not see nothing . skutnik 's face freeze and she clam up . ( continued ) 177 69 . 89 ( cont . 3 ) 90 ' 91 7 : moulton ( to gruska ) why do not you say that at the trial ? gruska . the lawyer do not ask I . they warn I to just answer question , yes . or no , moulton ( nodd ) I think that will be all . you may go . the guard usher they out . wanda avoid look at the judge . moulton rise again , walk around the desk and pace , thoughtfully . moulton , she 's lie , , Sullivan . lying . and that jury believe she .... dissolve : we int . ye olde . cellar sullivan the judge be a wonderful man . . he do intend to get the boy a new trial -- you have my word . ( he sigh ) then shortly after , he die ... rest he soul ... before he could do any - thing about it . some of the cynicism be go from mcneal 's face . he be draw aimless pattern on the tablecloth with a fork . . mcneal _ if we only have some way to prove it . be you the only one in the room beside Frank and tomek when the judge promise they a new trial ? . sullivan ( thoughtfully ) that I weasese mcneal look disappointed , .. ( continued )