for you consideration calvary best original screenplay ais tae ) a John Michael mcdonagh calvary best original screenplay written by John Michael mcdonagh '' 2012 reprisal film limite . all rights reserve . no portion of this script may be performed , published , reproduced , sold or distribute by any means , or quoted or published in any medium , including any web site , without the prior written consent of reprisal film limite . disposal of this script copy doe not alter any of the restriction set forth above , int . confessional - day father jame lavelle , fifty , be idly read moby Dick . dress in a old - fashioned black soutane . he hear someone enter the confessional . Marks he page . wait -- man 's voice ( 0.s. ) I first taste semen when I be seven year old . hold close on lavelle . man 's voice ( 0.s. ) nothing to say ? lavelle it 's certainly a startling open line . man 's voice ( 0.s. ) what be that , irony ? lavelle I be sorry , let 's start again . be you ... what do you ... what do you want to say to I ? I be here to listen to whatever you have to say . man 's voice ( 0.s. ) I be rape by a priest when I be seven year old . orally and anally , as they say in the court report . this go on for five year . every other day for five year . I ble a lot , as you can imagine . I ble a terrible amount . lavelle ( after a pause ) have you speak to anyone about -- man 's voice ( 0.s. ) I be speak to you now . lavelle I mean , have you seek professional help ? man 's voice ( 0.s. ) why , so I could learn how to cope ? so I could learn how to live with it ? maybe I do not want to cope . maybe T do not want to learn how to live with it . lavelle why do not you make a formal complaint ? you can testify -- ( continued ) continued : man 's voice ( 0.s. ) the man 's dead . there be silence for a moment . lavelle I do not know what to say to you . I have no answer for you , I be sorry . man 's voice ( 0.s. ) what good would it do anyway , if he be still alive ? what would be the point in kill the bastard ? that have be no news . there 's no point in kill a bad priest . but kill a good one ? that would be a shock , now . they would not know what to make of that . ( pause ) I be go to kill you , Father . I be go to kill you ' cause you have do nothing wrong . I be go to kill you ' cause you be innocent . ( pause ) not right now , though . i’11 give you enough time to put you house in order . make you peace with God . Sunday week , let 's say . I x11 meet you down on the beach there . down by the water there . ( with a laugh ) killing a priest on a Sunday . that 's 1l be a good one . ( pause ) do you not have anything to say to I , Father ? lavelle not right now , no . but I be sure 1/11 think of something . by Sunday week . there be a pause . then the man laugh . the confessional door be hear open and close . lavelle wait . int . church - day lavelle emerge from the confessional . look around -- the church be empty . he stand alone . int . open title - photograph - day sepia , b/w , colour photograph , from the ' 20 to the ' 90 , of child with priest . int . open title - church - day lavelle and he altar boy , micheal 0 ’sullivan , serve Communion to he parishioner . ( continued ) continued : 4 some of whom -- milo herlihy , gerald ryan , simon asamoah , jack brennan and veronica brennan -- we will encounter in due course . lavelle body of Christ . veronica amen . she receive the eucharist . she be wear shade to cover a black eye . lavelle move on to the next parishioner . ext . open title - easkey , CO . sligo - day 5 the town 's main street . house brightly - paint as in a Jacques demy film . a grumpy bastard zip by in a wheelchair . a young priest dress in a black clerical suit -- father timothy leary -- exit the village store with the Sunday newspaper . ext . open title - 0 ’dowd castle - day 6 tourist explore the picturesque castle , a thirteenth - century structure overlook the shoreline . ext . open title - easkey beach - day 7 one of the finest surfing destination in the world , renowned for its two reef break . surfer riding a massive wave that eventually come crash down . ext . open title - church - day 8 a large wooden church on a hill . the parishioner exit . open title end . int . sacristy - day 9 title -- '' Sunday '' . lavelle and micheal enter . micheal slouching . lavelle a little too much wine in the chalice again , there , micheal . micheal sorry , Father . lavelle ( take off he chasuble ) I be wonder be this some kind of ploy on you behalf . ( continued ) continued : 9 micheal a ploy , Father ? lavelle ( untying he cincture ) a ploy , micheal . I have notice my stock of booze appear to be somewhat diminish of late . I be wonder be this some kind of ploy you be work to cover up for the wine you have be imbibe on the q.t. micheal I have no idea what you be talk about . lavelle remove he steal . study micheal all the while . micheal Father leary notice nothing amiss . lavelle Father leary do not know you as well as I do , micheal . I have say he may well underestimate the depth of you machiavellian chicanery . micheal can I go now , Father ? lavelle what 's the hurry ? have they call a meeting at mafia headquarters ? they look blankly at one another . lavelle on you way . int . rectory ( kitchen ) - day 10 father leary be pour the tea . lavelle read the Sunday newspaper . leary the thing you hear in confession this day , it 's depress . lavelle you have to detach yourself from it . we be here to provide solace . you personal feeling do not come into it . ( continued ) 10 continued : 10 leary * I know that . what do you take I for ? it 's very difficult , though . the mess people make of they life . lavelle what 's the problem ? without go into detail , obviously . leary * you one with the big black eye on she , have you see she ? lavelle Veronica brennan . I have , yeah . leary * she 's a odd one . the thing she come out with . it 's like she 's try to drag you down into the muck . d' you know what felching be ? lavelle I do know what felching be , yeah . leary * I have to look it up . lavelle this be you not go into detail be it ? leary * oh sorry . anyway , whatever 's go on with she it 's obviously all get out of hand and she 's be knock around now . lavelle well if you speak to she she will raise holy hell and say it be on the basis of something she say to you in the confessional . leary * I know , I know . we can not have that . she 'il ' get I excommunicate , the cow . lavelle I will have a word with she . Jack as well . part of my pastoral duty and what - have - you , nothing to do with she confession or anything . see what 's go on . leary * and that coloured fella , the ugandan ? he 's one of she lover , I think . ( continued ) 10 ql continued : 10 lavelle Simon 's from the ivory Coast . leary right , right . I know it be that , or guyana . one of that African country . lavelle guyana be in South America . leary I do not think so , now , Father . I be always pretty good at the auld geography . lavelle glance at he . sip he tea . ext . beach - day a close on the skirt of lavelle 's black soutane as he walk across the sandy beach . he pause at the water 's edge and look out . 12 ext . sand dune - day 12 close on a picture -- a fair representation in charcoal of the beach scene , but with the addition of two black figure in a corner of the paper . reverse -shot ~~ lavelle look over micheal 's shoulder , impressed . micheal ignore he as he scratch away . lavelle not bad . surprisingly . I be expect a daub . micheal I be think , though , Father , what if I be no good at all ? lavelle how do you mean ? micheal I mean , what if there 's something you really want to do , or something you really want to be , but you be no good at it at all ? lavelle that 's most people 's life , michedl . sadly . he look up at the beach . look back at the picture . ( continued ) 12 13 14 15 continued : 12 lavelle who be that two lad suppose to be ? micheal do not know . I have be read this ghost storey . maybe it 's get some - thing to do with that . spooky . lavelle look at micheal . pat he on the head . int . lavelle 's room - night 13 lavelle enter , turn on the light , close the door . the room be spare -- wooden bed , where he Golden retriever , bruno , be sleep . grey wool blanket . whitewash wall without adornment , save for a crucifix . cupboard . write desk with a large white seashell . two chair , one at the desk , one beside the bed . he toss moby Dick onto the bed . bruno yawn . he sit on the chair beside the bed . thinks . remove one of he black leather oxford . then the other . pause , the second shoe still in he hand . think . put down the shoe beside its comrade . get up and go to the desk . take off he clerical collar . pause . he look out the window over the write desk . ext . sligo cathedral - day 14 title -- '' Monday '' . the cathedral be a impose structure . a handsome modern edifice , with a massive tower . int . bishop' office - day 15 bishop garret montgomery be eat a large cream scone the size of a baby 's head . a silver tea-set in front of he . his office opulently furnish and decorate . montgomery so do you know who it be ? reverse shot -- lavelle seat opposite . bereft of tea . lavelle yes , you excellency . I know who it be . montgomery do you know he well ? ( continued ) 15 16 continued : 15 lavelle well enough . montgomery know this man as you do , do you think it be a idle threat ? lavelle I do not know . I be not sure . montgomery '' not sure '' mean it 's possible . lavelle yes . I suppose . montgomery put down the scone . lick he finger . montgomery you do not grant he absolution , obviously . lavelle he do not ask for it . montgomery well there you have it . the man be not penitent . there be no contrition . he 's threaten to commit a crime , not ask for forgiveness for one . the inviolability of the sacramental seal do not apply . lavelle you be say I should go to the police ? montgomery I be not say anything . the choice be yours . ext . sligo train station ( platform ) - day 16 a train exit the station to reveal fiona lavelle . thirty , attractive , she wrist bandage . a suitcase at she foot . [ note : she have a English accent . ] lavelle appear . lavelle do not tell I . you make the classic error . fiona you be suppose to cut down , not. across . ( continued ) 16 17 18 19 20 21 10 . continued : 16 lavelle ( after a pause ) I do not know what else to say . they look blankly at one another . lavelle open he arm . fiona stand up . they embrace . ext . sligo train station - day a7 close on a little red convertible sport car . bruno in the passenger seat . he bark . reverse shot -- fiona and lavelle look at the car . lavelle always want a fast car . a red one . fiona I think you would already have you mid-life crisis . lavelle shoot she a glance . ext . countryside - day 18 the sport car crest a hill and zip by , lavelle at the wheel , fiona beside he , bruno in the middle . ext . sport car - day 1g lavelle accelerate ever faster , bruno bark , fiona throw she arm up in delight . ext . lynch 's bar - day 20 bruno sit calmly in the car . int . lynch 's bar - day 21 milo herlihy , twenty , polka-dotted bow-tie , a oddly blank look about he . frank harte , a good-look older man with a clinical air . Guinness in front of they . herlihy you be a very nice - look young woman . reverse shot -- fiona and lavelle wait for they drink . fiona laugh , glance at lavelle , who smile . fiona thank you . I like you bow-tie . herlihy it 's get polka-dot . ( continued ) ll. continued : 21 lavelle this be my daughter , Fiona , milo . she 's over from London . herlihy you be have I on . lavelle I be not have you on . what be you on about ? herlihy you be a priest ! lavelle I be marry before I become a priest . my wife and I have a child , Fiona . my wife die . and after that I join the priesthood . herlihy you can do that , can you ? harte it would appear so . ( notice fiona 's bandage ) do not tell I . you make the classic error . lavelle I have already do that gag , Frank . harte you be suppose to cut down -- lavelle I have already do it , I say . lynch ( 0.s. ) now , now . brendan lynch appear with a coca - cola bottle and glass , and a double whiskey . forty , handsome . hand the Coke to lavelle , the whiskey to fiona -- lynch a drop of the hard stuff for yourself , and a generous serve of the auld water of life to this beautiful and yet troubled -- fiona oh fuck off . lynch look blankly at fiona . she take a sip of the whiskey as she move towards a table . lavelle follow . ( continued ) 12 . 21 continued : 21 lynch you have a exceedingly dirty mouth . I like that in a hoor . lavelle Brendan . now 's not the time . lynch look from fiona to lavelle . lynch whatever you say , Father . you be the boss . 22 int . ly¥ nch 's bar - later 22 lavelle and fiona in a little nook . fiona drink she whiskey . lavelle push he Coke bottle around . fiona how 's that work out for you ? lavelle oh I have not be out on the tear in a good while . fiona so you say . lavelle ah no , I have be a very good lad . and do not change the subject . fiona what be the subject ? lavelle you know what the subject be . fiona oh daddy , a man , a man . what else . lavelle it 's get to be a habit , honey fiona I know . pathetic . can not do anything right . she sip she whiskey . lavelle take one of she hand . rub the bandage with a thumb . lavelle '' razors pain you . '' fiona ( look at he ) '' Rivers be damp . '' ( continued ) 22 23 13 . continued : lavelle '' acid stain you . and drug cause cramp . '' fiona '' gun be not lawful . noose give . '' lavelle '' Gas smell awful . '' fiona / lavelle '' you might as well live . '' they smile . lynch study they from the other end of the bar . ext . church - day close on various angle of the church 's architecture -- window , steeple , etc . -- emphasise its simple , unpretentious nature . fiona ( 0.s. ) back -to-basics , be what you be say . lavelle ( 0.s. ) simplicity . lack of ostentation . that kind of thing . leary ( 0.s. ) all you father 's idea . his baby . lavelle , fiona and leary be stand to the front and side of the church . leary carry a box of toy . leary we could not go on with the old one anyways . falling to piece . liable to get someone kill . fiona it 's a good gimmick , I suppose . lavelle it 's not a gimmick . fiona I be sorry , I do not mean ... leary they have call it a rebrand in the advertising world . ( continued ) 14 . 23 continued : 23 fiona I suppose you be a corporate entity , if you look at it in one way . leary it 's the only way to look at it . we provide a product and a service and that 's all there be to it . he stroll away . fiona smile wryly . lavelle give a shake of the head . glance up proudly at the church . 24 ext . brennan 's house - day 24 veronica brennan , thirty , wear shade , peg up the linen . White sheet flutter in the wind . she look up —- lavelle at the other side of the line . his black soutane flutter in the wind . lavelle Nice shade . veronica do they make I look like Jackie 0 ? lavelle not really , no . veronica smile . raise the glass up on she forehead . veronica this what you come to gawp at ? nasty , hah ? lavelle it 's a interesting colour . veronica lower the shade and continue with the laundry . veronica they say you can find beauty in everything , if you look hard enough . lavelle I have say you can find beauty in most thing , but not everything . that 's nonsense . veronica sure what would I know ? I be just a auld washerwoman . the wash that she 's hang on the line now seem to be comprise solely of item of lingerie . veronica see anything you fancy ? ( continued ) 24 25 15 . continued : 24 lavelle if you do not want to talk to I , that 's fine . I be not here to compel you to do anything . veronica you never know , Father , maybe I would like to be compel . maybe I would enjoy it . lavelle I will have a word with Jack . see what he have to say for himself . veronica the Grand inquisitor , hah ? go on ahead for yourself so . I be sure he 'il be only too pleased to have someone else to bore the ear off . I stop listen to he auld shite a long time ago . lavelle that 's how it be , be it ? I do not realise . veronica you think we be another Grace Kelly and Prince rainier ? lavelle that be not a very happy marriage , so it 's not a great analogy . veronica look at he . laugh . veronica y'know that 's what I have always like about you , Father . you be just a little too sharp for this parish . int . brennan 's butcher - day 25 a meat cleaver come down hard on a rack of rib . jack brennan , forty , in a bloody apron , chopping up the meat . brennan ( to he assistant ) -- mad fella altogether . decapitate the two of they . blood all over the place there be . he chuckle and look up -- lavelle have enter . brennan Father . ( continued ) 25 26 16 . continued : 25 lavelle Jack . ( glance at the assistant , who be serve a customer ) could I have a word in private ? brennan ( nervous laugh ) sound ominous . where 's johnny cochran when you need he , hah ? int . meat freezer - day 26 carcass of pig , and side of beef , hang from hook . the icy breath of lavelle and brennan float between they as they converse -- brennan ( giggle ) . hope we do not get lock in . we will have to make love to keep warm . lavelle I have a word , there , with Veronica , Jack . brennan you be over to the house ? be everything alright ? lavelle everything 's fine . I mean , no , it 's not fine . mass on Sunday , with the shade and everything -- brennan oh that . lavelle yes , that . have you be lay into she or what 's go on ? brennan ah that be not I , now . that be that black fella she 's be see . colour fella , I mean , sorry . do not mean to be racist , slip of the tongue . lavelle you be say he beat she up ? brennan well do not quote I on it . I mean , that 's what I be assume , like . she talk in riddle half the time , I can not get any sense out of she . ( more ) ( continued ) 26 27 17 . continued : 26 brennan ( cont 'd ) I think she 's bi-polar , or lactose - intolerant , one of the two . I never know where I be with she anymore . I be glad to have she off my hand , to be honest with ya . lavelle even if this new fella 's knock she about ? brennan sure what 's that get to do with I ? not everyone can carry the weight of the world , Father . lavelle what about you marriage ? the oath you take ? brennan ( with a laugh ) the oath I take ! he see the look lavelle give he and stop laugh . brennan listen , Father , she 's be a lot happier since she 's be see he , a lot calmer and more settle down , like . I be not under surveillance any more either , I can reel in home whatever time I like . so everybody 's happy . now where 's the harm ? lavelle look blankly at he . brennan will I cut you a nice side of beef to be take home with you , Father ? freshly slaughter . ext . garage - day 27 boot stick out from underneath a car . the skirt of lavelle 's soutane appear . he nudge a boot with he shoe . simon asamoah glide out on a car trolley . lavelle Simon . asamoah hello , Father . ( get up , wiping he hand on a rag ) I be rather busy today -- ( continued ) 18 . continued : 27 lavelle it 's not about my car . it 's about Mrs brennan . asamoah reach for a coca - cola bottle and take a swallow . lavelle you be she boyfriend ? asamoah I fuck she from time to time . do that make I she boyfriend ? lavelle it do around here . asamoah she have a lot of boyfriend , I have hear . lavelle be that right ? asamoah do you want I to confess to adultery ? be that why you be here ? lavelle somebody beat she up . asamoah she tell you I beat she up ? lavelle no , she do not . asamoah then why be you here ? lavelle somebody beat she up . it 's either you or the husband . asamoah I do not think Jack beat she up . he be not the type . lavelle what be the type ? asamoah take a pack of cigarettes from he pocket and light one , look out over the garage forecourt . asamoah some of they like to be hit , you know . ( continued ) 27 continued : flinch , 19 . 27 lavelle who ? asamoah White woman . irish woman . do not ask I why . you would have to be a psychiatrist -- lavelle ah that 's nonsense . a justification for you own brutality . asamoah no , no , they like to be hit . in certain ... situation . they beg for it , in fact . lavelle so she get what be come to she , do she ? asamoah I be speak generally . lavelle oh you be speak generally . well I be speak specifically . do not do it again . asamoah you can not tell I what to do . we be not in the mission now . lavelle oh the mission , right -- asamoah be you go to chop off my hand if I disobey you ? lavelle you know you history , that 's grand . asamoah I like to read . you probably do not think that black people -- lavelle yeah , yeah , yeah , black people , white people , blah , blah , blah . asamoah look at he . flick he cigarette at he . lavelle take aback . asamoah run along now , Father , you sermon be finish . ( continued ) 27 28 29 continued : he slide back under the car . int . church - day leary be prepare the altar . large Bible set for mass . 20 . 27 lavelle exit . 28 lavelle glance through the = * leary * you would better watch you step there . lavelle why be that ? leary * if it be he who be lay into she . you will have to tread very carefully there . it 's a very sensitive area . lavelle you 'il have to explain this one to I , now , Father , I be afraid you have lose I completely . leary * well the Church can not be see to be get involved in matter of diversity and the like , do you know . lavelle you mean , like , what if beat she up be one of that ethnic ritual or something ? like when they do that thing when they shake hand ? leary * ( after a pause ) you be mock I , now , I can tell . lavelle look blankly at leary . * leary * we have to be very circumspect * in that area , be all I be say . lavelle I will be very circumspect , Father . do not you worry about that . int . cottage - day 29 a older man -~ gerald ryan -- be lean back in a chair , deep in think , a shillelagh between he leg . a american , slightly bohemian , he wear a old brown corduroy suit , blue shirt , black boot . Music play on * a old record player . ( continued ) 29 30 31 32 33 21 . continued : 29 he lean forward over a old manual typewriter . a stack of manuscript page next to it . examine the paragraph he have just write . pause . the sound of a outboard motor can be hear . he get up , use the shillelagh , and go to a pair of large wooden shutter . open they to reveal -- lavelle upon a stretch of water in a old white wooden speedboat propel by a outboard motor . ext . speedboat - day 30 lavelle be at the stern , a box of provision beside he -- lavelle 's Pov -- the prow of the boat , the island . ryan frame in the window of the monastic cottage . lavelle wave . ext . cottage - day 31 ryan do not return the wave . disappear from the window . ext . inishmurray island - day 32 lavelle navigate the speedboat to the shoreline of the island , situate four mile off the coast of sligo . he drag the boat onto the shore , next to a old currach . heft the box and tramp up the path to the stone cottage . int . cottage - day 33 ryan have return to he seat at the typewriter . lavelle appear at the door . lavelle how be all ? ryan at death 's door . you ? lavelle the same . still use the old type - writer , I see . bit of a affectation . ryan my whole life have be a affectation . lavelle that 's one of that line that sound witty but do not actually make much sense . ryan caught out agai ( continued ) 22 . 33 continued : 33 lavelle cross to the kitchen table and deposit the box . lavelle how 's the latest masterpiece come ? ryan get up , struggle with the shillelagh . ryan better than cecelia ahern , but not as good as banville . lavelle sure you could say that about every - body . ryan what you get for I ? lavelle unload the provision -- sushi , Maker 's Mark bourbon , Green & Black 's organic chocolate -- ryan ah , the staff of life . -- and two book : a paperback , jernigan , by David Gates , and a hardcover , hhhh , by Laurent binet . ryan smell the hardcover and handle it reverently . lavelle need anything else ? ryan a gun . lavelle hah ? ryan a walther ppk oughtta do it . James bond 's weapon of choice . Old Adolf kill himself with one in the bunker . lavelle that 's the plan be it ? ryan I have no intention of writhe around in agony for hour on end when the time come . or not know who I be or where I be . I be not go out like that , as the young folk would have it . lavelle romantic nonsense . ( continued ) 33 34 continued : ryan pragmatism . lavelle where would I get a gun from ? ryan aww come on , now , gimme a break . you have never be short of gun in this country , have you ? lavelle God , you be awful maudlin today , I must say . 23 . 33 ryan laugh , pop a piece of the chocolate into he mouth . int . lavelle 's room - day 34 lavelle be at he desk , read moby Dick . bruno asleep on the bed . there be a knock at the door . fiona pop she head in , then enter , close the door behind she and lean against it . she glance around . fiona you do not have any photo . lavelle no. I be in agreement with the apaches on that score . fiona the apaches ? lavelle the apaches . the arapaho . fiona the hunkpapa sioux ! she laugh . lavelle smile . fiona not even one of mum ? lavelle I do not need a photograph to remember you mother . fiona memories fade , though . that 's what 's so terrible about they . lavelle no they do not . not really . 24 . 35 ext . country road - day 35 lavelle and fiona be walk briskly up the incline of the road , bruno run on in front of they . fiona I should buy a cane . lavelle it would suit you . you be old beyond you year . fiona yeah . it would give I a feel of ... imperiousness . she look at he . they laugh . lavelle and you could lean on it . fiona I could lean on it . reflectively . lavelle Point thing out . fiona Club someone to death with it . lavelle a blunt instrument , yeah . who , though ? fiona a certain young man from rathmine . he glance at she . she be look at the ground as she walk . fiona be not all instrument blunt ? lavelle flugelhorn ? he look blankly at she . she laugh . on the road ahead , michael fitzgerald appear on a fine black thoroughbre . handsome , suave , Forties . he turn the horse in front of lavelle and fiona . fitzgerald who 's this now ? lavelle this be my daughter , Fiona . ( continued ) 25 . continued : 35 fitzgerald oh right . like a french novel or something . what 's the fella 's name ? bernanos . ( to fiona ) Michael fitzgerald . I buy the Big House , up the road a-way there , beyond . Fiona nod , unimpress . lavelle I have not see you at mass lately . I be wonder -- fitzgerald have not have the time . I be actually think of building a chapel on the grounds , y’k now like in Brideshead Revisited ? you could pop round then , freelance , like , save I the trouble . they look blankly at one another . fiona pat the horse . fiona Lovely creature . fitzgerald really expensive , too . Prime horse flesh . fiona look up at he . he smile a bright flash smile . fitzgerald he 's a interesting man , you father . fiona be that right ? fitzgerald a good man . a fine man . no one have a bad word to say about he . make I wonder what he 's hide . fiona God , you be a fuck prick -- fitzgerald oh ! feisty ! lavelle Fiona -- fitzgerald ah I be only codd . no offence mean , as they say . do I a favour , though , Father , and swing by the house one afternoon . ( more ) ( continued ) 35 36 26 . continued : 35 fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) I have a proposition that might interest you . lavelle really . fitzgerald yes , really . a financial proposition . that interest you , do not it ? sure it would be a black day altogether the day the Roman Catholic Church be no longer interested in money , hah ? he laugh jovially , give a Edward G. Robinson salute , and spur he horse away between they . ext . beach - sunset 36 lavelle and fiona be walk along the desert beach . the wave roll in . bruno nose at something in the sand . they pause , look down -- they pov -- a dead seagull , insect swarm over it . lavelle squat . extends the gull 's wingspan , examine the white feather , curious . fiona dirty thing . he lay it back down . stands . turn -- lavelle 's Pov -- a figure have appear at the end of the beach , lend a sinister aspect to the scene . lavelle stroll on , seemingly unconcern . fiona dally with bruno . after a moment , lavelle glance back -- lavelle 's Pov -- the figure be approach . lavelle let 's head back . he quicken he pace . fiona and bruno catch up . after a good few stride , he glance back again -- lavelle 's Pov -- the figure have disappear . fiona what be it ? lavelle scan the horizon . puzzle , but relieved . lavelle nothing . 27 . 37 ext . stanton 's house - night 37 the door be open by gerry stanton , a garda Inspector . lavelle stand there . lavelle Inspector stanton . stanton the clergy . at this time of the night . when I could be get up to all sort . 38 int . live room - night 38 lavelle enter , follow by stanton . a young man buckle * up he jeans descend the stair . this be leo macarthur . leo ( talk like Leo gorcey from the Dead end kid ) hey , fada ! whaddaya hear , whaddaya say ! lavelle I be sorry , I do not realise you have company . stanton ah sure , it 's only little Leo . leo smirk as he zip up he fly . * 38a int . live room . night 38a * leo bend over a jukebox to select a tune . lavelle * sit on a couch , glance at photograph of stanton . * stanton with a brandy balloon . * leo you check out my ass , fada ? lavelle what ? no -- stanton he 's only mess with you , Father . what can I do for you ? he sip he brandy . lavelle glance at leo . * ( continued ) 38 a 28 . continued : 38a stanton I have nothing to hide from Leo . have I , Leo ? leo you life be a open book , Gerry . like you ass . flanagan & Allen 's '' run , rabbit , run '' begin to play . leo dance as if he be a little rabbit . stanton laugh . stanton be this a police matter , Father ? lavelle no , it 's a personal ... a personal thing . stanton it 's a personal a personal thing . leo you look worried , fada . my advice ? take it on the lamaster . you do not wanna drop in for the phonus-bolonus and wind up with a sock in the kisser . get I ? lavelle look blankly at leo . stanton he 's not in the mood , Leo . leo maybe I can cheer up the old sour - puss . i’1l show ya a good time , fada . good time Leo , that 's I ! although it will be extra if I let ya wear the cassock . I know what , you holy - roller be like when ya get goin 's ! Hell 's bell ! lavelle look blankly at leo . leo and stanton look at each other and laugh . leo grab he leather jacket . leo I be oudda heah ! he tap - dance out the door . stanton he 's a character , hah ? what 's troubling you , Father ? you seem agitate . lavelle I need a favour . 29 . int . study - night 39 close on a webley revolver , circa 1920 , laid out in a beautiful velvet case . stanton my great-grandfather 's . Said he take it off one of the Cairo gang when they shot they all on bloody Sunday . the first bloody Sunday , obviously . lavelle ever have call to use it ? stanton yeah . I kill a man with it once . in the wicklow mountain . he heft the gun , sighting along it , straight at lavelle . lavelle what case be that ? stanton ah he be just pissing I off , like . lavelle be not sure if he 's joke . stanton hand he the gun . pass he a carton of bullet . lavelle flip open the chamber . load it . stanton somebody be threaten you , Father ? what have you be up to , now ? ( with a smirk ) not you as well , hah ? lavelle flip shut the chamber . sights along the revolver , straight at stanton . stanton look blankly at he . stanton what do you say you want it for , Father ? lavelle I do not say . he replace the revolver in the case . stanton I would say you want it for you dog . the dog 's die , it 's in pain , you be worried you might have to put it out of its misery one of this day . be not that right ? ( continued ) 30 . 39 continued : 39 lavelle look round at stanton . understand -- lavelle my dog 's die . it 's in pain . I be worried I might have to put it out of its misery one of this day . stanton a act of compassion , hah ? well I can not argue with that . I be a compassionate man meself . 40 ext . stanton 's house - night 40 lavelle and stanton exit the house . lavelle carry the case . stanton I have one of that , y’know . early on . lavelle one of what ? stanton paedophile priest . twenty year ago now this be , in Dublin . Young girl make a complaint . a rape . lavelle what happen ? stanton ah sure , what d'ya think happen ? I arrest the bastard and forty - eight hour later I be pack my bag and make my way out West . lavelle they move you on ? stanton reassigned , yeah . lavelle get into he car . lavelle what happen to he ? stanton I be tell they be send he to one of the mission overseas . Africa . he could do whatever he want over there , I suppose . ( continued ) 40 41 42 31 . continued : 40 lavelle well thanks , anyway . stanton like the man in the dicky bow say , Father , '' protect yourself at all time ! '' lavelle drive off . int . rectory ( fiona 's room ) - day 41 title -- '' Tuesday '' . fiona awaken , wear a man 's shirt . sit up in bed , contemplative . through a window , lavelle can be see walk away with a fishing rod , bruno at he side . ext . easkey river - day 42 fiona raise the hem of she skirt to she thigh and step down into the cool clear water . bruno watch she . she paddle out to where lavelle be stand in wader , fly-fish , the skirt of he soutane float out over the water . fiona how long you be at this craic ? lavelle last coupla year . suppose to be therapeutic . fiona maybe I should take it up . lavelle maybe you should . ( pause ) have you be see anyone , in London ? fiona I be assume you mean professionally rather than - — lavelle ah come on now , let 's stop with all that carry - on . there be a pause . lavelle if you can not talk to I , you should talk to someone . ( continued ) 32 . 42 continued : 42 fiona I suppose I should . a further silence between they . leary ( 0.s. ) enjoy yourselves ?! lavelle and fiona look up to see father leary look down on they from the nearby bridge , smoking a cigarette . lavelle we be indeed ! leary Lovely day lavelle it be indeed ! leary ( esoterically ) stamp ! he look at they a moment longer , then disappear over the bridge . fiona that 's the future of the priesthood . lavelle look at she . they laugh . 43 int . church - day 43 lavelle be distribute hymnal to all the pews . suddenly he sense something , look round -- milo herlihy be stand there , have materialise seemingly out of nowhere . lavelle milo . herlihy I need to speak to you , Father . lavelle take a pew . literally . high -angle shot -- they sit in separate pews . a large wooden cross loom above they . herlihy why do people kill themselves , Father ? ( continued ) continued : 33 . 43 lavelle why do people kill themselves . that 's jump in at the deep end . lot of reason , I suppose . why do you think yourself ? herlihy I dunno . the drink . Depression . lack of sex , maybe . lavelle you be a presentable young man . I would not have think you would have too much trouble in that area . herlihy I do not have the gift of the gab . never have it . lavelle and it 's make you feel suicidal ? herlihy more bored than anything else . it 's either commit suicide or join the Army . lavelle that be pretty drastic choice , either way . herlihy you can learn a trade if you join the Army . lavelle you can learn a trade if you do not join the Army . herlihy you can experience more of life . lavelle you think you can become a more authentic person by fight in a war ? by kill people ? herliby you be against I join the Army , be what I be sense . lavelle let 's put it this way , I have always feel there be something inherently psychopathic about someone who join the Army in peacetime . as far as I be concerned , people join the Army because they want to find out what ( more ) ( continued ) 43 continued : 34 . 43 lavelle ( cont 'd ) it 's like to kill someone . I do not think that be a inclination that should be encourage in modern society , do you ? herlihy shrug , non-committal . lavelle Jesus Christ do not think so either . and the commandment '' thou shalt not kill '' do not have a asterisk beside it , refer you to the bottom of the page , where there 's a list of instance where it be okay to kill people . herlihy what about self - defence ? lavelle ( after a pause ) well that 's a tricky one , alright . but we be hardly be invade , now , be we ? herlihy the War on terror have no border . lavelle I do not think sligo be too high on al - qaida 's agenda , milo , do you ? herlihy who know what go on in the Muslim mind ? ( pause ) I have have murderous feeling , though , I have to admit . not get laid . it 's start to make I feel really angry towards woman . and so I think , well , if I join the Army , that inclination as you call they would be see as a plus . on you application , like . I mean , they do not come right out and say that 's what they be look for , in the advertisement , it 's all about see the world and all that shite , but I would assume that want to murder someone would be like have a degree in engineering or something , y’know ? it would outweigh my lack of qualification . lavelle right . ( pause ) do you use pornography at all ? I be assume -- ( continued ) 43 44 45 continued : 35 . 43 herlihy ah , I feel I have exhaust all the possibility of pornography . lavelle all of they ? herlihy well nearly all of they . I be onto transsexual pornography at the moment . lavelle look blankly at he . herlihy chick with dick , y’know ? lavelle look blankly at he . ext . church - day 44 close on herliey and lavelle . herlihy put on goggle . pull back lavelle maybe there 's a simpler solution . leave home and go somewhere you chance of meeting available young woman with loose moral be increase proportionately . herlihy sligo town , you mean ? lavelle no . I be think more Dublin , London , New York - ~ herlihy New York ? I would only end up get the aids . know my luck . to reveal herlihy be astride a motorbike . herlihy thanks for take the time to talk to I , Father . I can not say it 's be of much help , but it 's good to get this thing out in the open , I suppose . he zoom off down the hill . omitted 45 ( continued ) 45 46 36 . continued : 45 ext . mansion - day 46 a bright blue sky . fitzgerald ( 0.s. ) pull ! two fluorescent orange target appear in the sky and be summarily shot to piece -- fitzgerald , in a corduroy three - piece suit and a red cap , stand next to a voice - activate clay pigeon trap , eject the shell from he shotgun and quickly reload . fitzgerald pull ! two more target be launch -- fitzgerald hit both . eject the shell . pause in the act of reloading -- ( continued ) 46 47 continued : fitzgerald 's Pov -- lavelle be stand on the path lead up to the mansion . fitzgerald click shut the shotgun . int . mansion - day fitzgerald fix himself a large whiskey . fitzgerald they have all leave I , you know . that 's why the place be so empty . like a tomb . lavelle be wander about the opulently fu : decorate room , examine various objet d 's sparkling water in he hand . lavelle who 's leave you ? fitzgerald 37 . 46 the crest of a7 wnish and art , a glass of the wife . the kid . even consuela , and she 's from ecuador . you would think she would not have a lot of option , but apparently not . lavelle well I be sorry to hear that . fitzgerald shrug , take a swallow of he drink . lavelle you mention a financial proposition ? fitzgerald I want to make amend . do penance for past sin . although I suppose all sin be past , be not they , of : they would not be sin , they have jus be evil thought float around in you mind . why do you wear the auld soutane , by the way ? try to make a statement or something ? oa rt lavelle look blankly at he . sip he water . fitzgerald smirk . shoot back a cuff to reveal a gold tag heuer watch at he wrist . fitzgerald this watch , now . this watch be make a statement . it 's a tag he really expensive . uer . ( continued ) 47 47b 38 . continued : 47 lavelle be you go to get to the point , Mr fitzgerald , or be you just go to ramble on -- fitzgerald let I ask you something . what do you see when you look at I ? lavelle look blankly at he . fitzgerald I all tell you what you see . you see a handsome , sophisticated , eminent man in the prime of he life . a colossus , let 's say . a colossus who once bestrode the world of high finance and become profoundly influential in certain sphere , not to say inordinately wealthy , not to say sickeningly wealthy , let 's face it . ( knock back the whiskey , pour another ) sure I can not tempt you ? lavelle I all stick to the water . fitzgerald I hear you like a drink . lavelle I like it too much . fitzgerald there 's no such thing as too much , there 's only not enough . lavelle exit the room . int . grand hallway - day 47a lavelle be examine a display of antique and contemporary firearm . fitzgerald join he . fitzgerald where be I ? lavelle talk about money , what else . fitzgerald now now . lavelle get out in time , do you ? before it all come crash down ? ( continued ) 47a 48 continued : 39 . 47a , fitzgerald ' twas the perfect getaway , Father . they say charge be go to be file against I , for various so - call irregularity , but sure the Guards be always threaten guff like that . they have have to charge half the financier in Ireland , and half the bank manager along with they , and troop into government then and charge that cunt as well , and we all know full well that 's not go to happen . no , there 'il be no punishment forthcoming for a man such as myself . there never be . still , I do feel a modicum of guilt about the whole thing . lavelle a modicum . do you ? fitzgerald well . I feel like I ought to feel guilty . and sure be not that the same thing ? int . vestibule - day 48 close on a painting pause in holbein 's the ambassador . lavelle front of it . fitzgerald at he shoulder . fitzgerald I love this one . really expensive . not sure what it 's suppose to mean , though . lavelle why do it have to mean anything ? fitzgerald everything have to mean something , otherwise what 's the point ? of course , I do not have to know what it mean . I own it . that 's enough . lavelle that 's all that matter ? ownership ? possession ? fitzgerald how much land do the Church own ? how much gold ? lavelle that 's the Church , that 's not I . ( continued ) 4g 40 . continued : 48 fitzgerald but you be a representative of the Church , be you not ? lavelle if you say so . fitzgerald I do say so . I think you be a very judgemental man , Father . lavelle yes , I be . but I try not to be . fitzgerald you think I have no feeling ? you think I do not care about -- lavelle I think you do not want to do penance at all . I think you ask I here to make fun of I . but when you do want to do penance , sincerely , you can give I a call , at any time , and I will try my best to help you . he walk towards the front door . fitzgerald you know , I could piss on this . ( gesture at the painting ) I say I love it , but I do not . it do not mean anything to I . I could take it down right now and piss on it . do you want I to do that ? lavelle why would I want you to do that ? fitzgerald I do not know . so I could have some kind of spiritual revelation ? some fuck epiphany ? lavelle well I do not know , now . people like you have piss on everything else , I suppose , so why not that , too ? fitzgerald nod . grin . take down the painting and drop it onto the floor . look at lavelle as he open he fly . lavelle go out the front door . fitzgerald piss on the painting . 49 50 41 . ext . beach - day 49 lavelle 's Pov -- a man walk out of the sun , he image blurred , raise a gun and fire , point - blank -- ext . split - rock - day 50 lavelle lie supine , a straw hat over he face . he jolt . pause . remove the hat . sit up and look around . fiona be read h p lovecraft and eat a apple . the remain of a picnic close by . bruno sleep . behind they , a massive Ice Age boulder , split in two , in the middle of a field . lavelle how long be I out ? fiona Ages . eon . he nod . glance round at the split-rock . lavelle do I ever tell you the story of fionn Mac cumhaill and another big strong lad name cicsatéin ? they be up the top : fiona they be up the top of the ox Mountains . cicsatéin challenge fionn to throw a boulder into the sea at easkey , claim he could not do it . fionn accept the challenge . cicsatéin 's boulder land on the easkey shore , where it create such wave that the sea have not be the same since , which be why the easkey coastline be internationally renowned for surfing . fionn 's boulder fall short and land here . fionn draw he sword and split the rock in two . it 's say that should anyone be foolhardy enough to pass through the rock three time , the two halve will come together and they will be squash into tiny little lump . unceremoniously . lavelle not a lot of poetry in that recital . not a lot of romance . fiona I be sick to death of romance . ( continued ) 50 51 52 42 . continued : 50 lavelle study she as she continue to read . lavelle how 's the book ? fiona I be fill with cosmic horror . lavelle I know the feel . fiona smile , despite herself . ext . hospital - night 51 the moon shine over a monolithic hospital . int . corridor - night 52 frank harte , who happen to be a doctor , watch lavelle fussing with the content of a black gladstone bag . harte you have you totem , I see . lavelle who be it ? harte french couple . head on . she be totally unscathed . he get fuck . lavelle wrong side of the road ? harte car full of young one hit they . drunk , of course . lavelle place a steal about he neck . lavelle how many ? harte five include the frenchman . lavelle dear god. harte Marine biologist he be . that 's where I have like to be . under the sea . lavelle where be the young one ? ( continued ) 52 53 54 43 . continued : 52 harte the morgue . best place for they . lavelle every life be sacred , Frank , for God 's sake . harte some be less sacred than other . int . hospital room - night 53 laurent ROBERT lie die , he face and body bandage , tube stick out of he . teresa , he wife , hold he hand , she mascara wet around she eye . lavelle look at they both . dissolve through close -up of lavelle , teresa , laurent . lavelle through this holy anoint may the Lord in he love and mercy help you with the grace of the Holy Spirit . dissolve through close - ups of lavelle 's finger , the oil , and laurent 's forehead , as the anoint of the forehead take place . teresa amen . dissolve through close - ups of lavelle 's finger , the oil , and laurent 's hand , as the anoint of the hand take place . lavelle May the Lord who frees you from sin save you and raise you up . teresa amen . int . chapel - night 54 close on the face of Christ . a stain - glass window . the face of lavelle and teresa . teresa have you perform the last rite many time ? lavelle yes . usually with older people , of course . you have time to prepare for it . everybody know what 's come . ( continued ) continued : 44a . 54 teresa it be easier ? lavelle it 's never easy . more understandable , let 's say . less unfair . teresa unfair . lavelle situation like this one , people be shocked . the randomness of it . they curse God . curse they fellow man . they lose they faith , in some case . teresa they lose they faith ? it must not have be much of a faith to begin with , if it be so easy for they to lose it . lavelle yes . but what be faith , at the end of the day ? for most people it 's the fear of death , nothing more than that . and if that 's all it be , then it 's very easy to lose . teresa ( after a pause ) when we be child we be tell to say we prayer . we parent tell we , we teacher . then we grow up and we think people who say they prayer be stupid . they be ridiculous . unless we want money , of course , or a good job , or we have a child who be sick , or a lover who be die then we be allow to pray again . then it be okay . lavelle yes . but the prayer must be answer . teresa yes , the prayer must be answer . and if the prayer be not answer then there be no God and it be all a lie . if God do not pay attention to we , because we be so important , then God do not exist . lavelle yes . we must be pay attention to . ( pause ) he be a good man , you husband ? ( continued ) 54 55 continued : 45 . 54 teresa yes , he be a good man . we have a very good life together . we love each other very much . and now he have go . that be not unfair , that be just what happen . but many people do not live good life , and they do not feel love . that be what be unfair . I feel sorry for they . lavelle ( after a pause ) will you say a prayer with I , Teresa ? teresa yes . lavelle hail Mary , full of grace -- ' teresa / lavelle - the Lord be with thee . bless art thou amongst woman , and bless be the fruit of thy womb , Jesus . Holy Mary , mother of God , pray for we sinner , now and at the hour of we death . amen . ext . hospital - night 55 harte be smoking a cigarette . lavelle step outside . harte finish with all you gobbledegook ? lavelle do not acknowledge the insult . harte how 's she hold up ? lavelle she 's a strong woman . harte good-look , too . I could be in there . I have a thing for widow , do I ever tell you ? lavelle I think you might have do . you material be get a little stale after all . harte ah sure , the atheistic doctor , it 's a clichéd part to play . there 's not that many good line . ( more ) ( continued ) 55 56 continued : 46 . 55 harte ( cont 'd ) one part humanism to nine part gallow humour . play you , though , that might be interesting . lavelle play I . who 's '' I '' ? harte the good priest . they look at each other . then harte look up at the moon . harte I hear a story once about one of the astronaut who sleep on the moon . he have a dream where he be drive one of that moon buggy across the surface of the moon , and he ride and he ride until he come upon another buggy that be exactly like he . he look into the face of the man who be drive the buggy and he see that it be himself . and he double say to he , '' I have be wait for you for thousand of year . '' and that be the end of the dream . lavelle study he . harte turn aside , open the door -- harte Excuse I , will not you . I have to go kill somebody . int . sacristy - day 56 title -- '' Wednesday '' . micheal be in he vestment , swinging a thurible to and for , the incense rise . lavelle move in and out of frame , prepare for mass . micheal they be mad auld thing thurifer , be not they ? lavelle that 's a thurible . you be a thurifer . micheal I be a thurifer ? ( pause ) thurifer . funny word . ( pause ) I like the smell of this stuff . it get I high . lavelle what do you know about '' high '' ? ( continued ) 56 57 47 . continued : 56 micheal I know plenty . lavelle micheal , why do you become a altar boy ? I ask this because it can safely be say , without fear of contradiction , that you have no vocation whatsoever . micheal my ma tell I they give you money at wedding and christening . lavelle I see . it be purely a moneymake scheme on you part . micheal yeah . to pay for my oil . lavelle to pay for you oil . micheal yeah . and I have not have a sovereign off anybody . people round here be pure mean . ext . inishmurray island - day 57 high -angle shot -. lavelle and ryan walk through the remain of a early irish monastic settlement . they enter the cemetery . ryan lean heavily on he shillelagh . lavelle be this where you want to be bury ? ryan why in the hell would I want to be bury in this godforsake place ? lavelle ( with a laugh ) where then ? pere lachaise ? next to dear old oscar ? ryan no. next to apollinaire and Max ophiil . lavelle oh very fancy , I must say . ( pause ) I have you gun for you , by the way . ryan yeah right . ( continued ) 57 58 continued : 4g . 57 lavelle I do so . a webley . circa 1920 . still in good work order , though . or so I have be tell by a man who would know . ryan Hand it over , then . lavelle I do not have it on I . ryan I know it . worried I might follow through with it , huh ? lavelle you might take a potshot at I , for all I know . ryan why would I do that ? what have you ever do to I except talk garbage ? lavelle sure that do not mean anything . bloody idiot can not even be bother come up with a reason for murder this day . they wake up in a foul mood and it 's bang bang bang . ryan oh I do not know about that . some people have very good reason . ext /int . confessional - day 58 close on fiona and lavelle . the shadow of the grille play across they face . dissolve through -- fiona there be a japanese writer commit suicide . he write out a list beforehand of all the famous suicide throughout history . he include Christ . lavelle sound like a smartarse . fiona in the Middle Ages they would have say I be possess by demon . lavelle maybe you be . maybe they be nearer the mark back then . ( continued ) 58 continued : 49 . 58 fiona you think what happen be un - important . insignificant in the great scheme of thing . to provoke such a reaction . but what may mean nothing to you may be very important to I . lavelle I would never say it be unimportant . I would just say that the choice you make when you be thirty be not the same choice you would make when you be sixty . fiona that 's irrelevant . every moment of live have its own logic . lavelle maybe so . maybe you be right , there . I would have to have a think about that . ( pause ) it 's a tired old argument , I suppose , but what about that you leave behind . fiona I belong to myself , not to anybody else . lavelle true . false . fiona smile . lavelle wait , attentive . fiona funny , in the old day it be the priest who would tell you you be sick . now it 's the psychiatrist . ( pause ) you know Freud have cancer of the gum at the end of he life . the smell from he mouth be so bad even he own dog would not go near he . he ask he doctor , a old friend of he , to give he a overdose of morphine . which he do . lavelle not a big fan of Freud . never have be . fiona ( after a pause ) the absurdity of existence versus the absurdity of nothing . ( continued ) 50 . 58 continued : 58 lavelle tough choice when you put it like that . fiona laugh . there be silence for a moment . fiona you will tell I it would have be a mortal sin , I suppose . would I have suffer eternal damnation , Father ? lavelle ( after a pause ) God be great . the limit of his mercy have not be set . 59 ext . prison - day 59 a guard escort lavelle around the prison . guard which of the lad be you here to see , Father ? lavelle freddie Joyce . the guard pause and look at lavelle . lavelle freddie Joyce ? he 's -- guard I know who he be . what in the hell d'ya want to see he for ? lavelle he 's a old pupil of mine . he ask to see I . the guard stare at lavelle . then proceed . 60 int . interrogation room - day 60 freddie joyce at a table . thirties , thin , hair all over the place , hand cuffed behind he back . joyce y'know I have ask they to hang I . lavelle opposite . a Bible and rosary in front of he . the room be gloomy , light by a single lightbulb . ( continued ) 60 continued : 51 . 60 lavelle there 's no capital punishment in Ireland , freddie , as you well know . why do you want they to hang you ? joyce ' Cause that 's the way lesley Ryan die . lavelle you be say you feel remorse . joyce I be not a monster . do I look like a monster ? lavelle what do monster look like ? joyce '' to thine own self be true , '' they say . well I be , and look where it 's get I . lavelle they have never really think that one through , you be right . joyce it 's a terrible world . when you think about it . lavelle yes it be . and a beautiful one . joyce it be not for I . lavelle you be not the whole world . joyce that 's a matter of opinion . he watch a cockroach scuttling around in a corner of the ceiling . joyce I be read paradise lose at the moment . you know that one ? '' better to reign in Hell - - '' lavelle '' -- than serve in Heaven . '' yeah . yeah I know that quote . yeah . joyce you be make fun of I . ( continued ) 52 . continued : 60 lavelle have I hurt you feeling ? joyce stretch he arm , flexe he finger . joyce I have the cop in here the other day . the third degree . wanting to go over all the gory detail . lavelle which I be sure you be only too happy to provide . joyce they be obsessed with cannibalism . '' what do it taste like ? '' told ‘em it taste like pheasant . bit gamey . lavelle good for you . make a joke about it . joyce look blankly at he . lavelle why be they -- joyce same as always . they want to know where the last one be . the one I connect up . the one they never find . lavelle why can not you tell they , freddie ? give the family some kind of peace . joyce I want to , Father , but for the life of I I can not remember . I know it be out in the wood somewhere -- lavelle where do I leave my key . joyce no . I be not in my right mind . the lsd . it be like a fairytale -- lavelle yeah you say all that at the trial . it 's get kind of tiresome now . joyce she be a lovely girl ... y’know she tell I she have be abuse before . so I say , '' well once more will not make any difference , then . '' ( continued ) 60 53 . continued : 60 he laugh to himself . lavelle reach for the rosary . finger the bead absently . joyce you see the light go out in they eye and you become God . lavelle no you do not . no . you do not . joyce smirk . watch lavelle finger the bead . joyce '' the wood be lovely , dark and deep , but I have promise to keep . '' ( with a laugh ) it 's like that joke . you know that joke ? there 's a fella with this young lad drive into the wood , right . it 's get darker and darker the deeper into the wood they go , and the young lad say , '' I be get scared , mister . '' and the fella say -- lavelle yeah I do know that joke . I have hear it before . joyce you be always one step ahead , be not you , Father ? it 's like when we be back in school -- lavelle ( angrily ) why be I here ? for the love of God . joyce ( take aback ) I just want somebody to talk to . lavelle I do not think you feel any guilt whatsoever about anything you have do . joyce ( suddenly sobbing ) I do , Father , it do ( sniffle ; wiping he nose on he shoulder ) I believe what the Bible teach . I believe if I repent my sin 1/11 be forgiven and I 'il be able to go up to Heaven and see that girl and tell they how sorry I be , and I 'il hug they and 1/11 kiss they and I will love they with a real true love , and have no desire to hurt ( more ) ( continued ) 60 61 54 . continued : 60 joyce ( cont 'd ) they in any way . ( sobbing again ) God make I , do not he ? I mean , do not he ? he understand I . he must do . lavelle look blankly at he . joyce I mean , do not you think ? lavelle I think if God can not understand you , freddie , no one can . ext . lynch 's bar - evening 61 lynch be keep up a ping - pong ball with a table tennis bat . the sound of irish music can be hear . lavelle appear , nod to lynch . lynch you know they be foreclosing on I . lavelle who ? lynch who ? the bank . who else . lavelle I be sorry to hear that . lynch how come I never hear you mob preaching about that ? lavelle about what ? lynch all this banker who have bring the country to its knee . still throw people out of they home , though , when they can not make they payment . never hear you mob talk about that . that be sin , too , be not they ? lavelle yes they be . lynch ah sure , I suppose when you have a history of screwing the Jews out of they money and collaborate with the Nazis then , it 's like the pot call the kettle black , hah ? ( continued ) 61 62 63 55 . continued : 61 lavelle yes , I suppose it be . be get the full use out of you library card , there , Brendan . lynch the library 's be shut down , do you not hear ? cutback . int . l¥nch 's bar - evening 62 a rowdy ceilidh band be play on a dais in a corner . fiona wave to lavelle as he enter . then return to she conversation with some surfer . lavelle notice jack and veronica brennan at a table together , not speak . simon asamoah be the other side of the room , talk to a blonde surfer chick . stanton and harte be knock back shot at the bar . stanton see lavelle . raise he shot glass in salute . father leary be talk to a handsome blond surfer dude . milo herlihy be sit on he own with a guinness . lavelle sit down beside he . lavelle you not dance , milo ? herlihy I do not like this music . lavelle what music do you like ? herlihy dolly parton . lavelle dolly parton 's good , yeah . int . toilet - later 63 veronica be snort cocaine , while harte wait he turn , sing like the Count from sesame Street -- harte '' Bones , bone , bone , bone , bone inside of you ! '' lavelle enter . pause . harte and veronica turn . harte it 's purely medicinal , Father . veronica laugh . lavelle betray no emotion . exit . 56 . 64 int . lynch 's bar - night 64 lavelle and leary be stand at the bar , nursing diet * coke . stanton seat beside they , bleary - eye . leary * how be you man , Joyce ? lavelle it 's be a tough day , let 's put it that way . leary * how can you ever hope to connect with someone like that ? lavelle '' nothing human be alien to I . '' or should not be , anyways . leary * I can not see the point in it myself . Dead loss . stanton who be you talk about ? not freddie Joyce ? lavelle I visit he in prison today . stanton why ? lavelle prisoner deserve spiritual guidance as much as anyone else . maybe more 50 . stanton be that right ? so they can find God and then say God have absolve they of all they sin and what they do do not really matter anyways ' cause now they be save ? lavelle something like that , yeah . leary * ( to stanton ) calm down . you do not know what you be talk about . stanton look blankly at leary . then suddenly clamp a * hand over he face and shove he backwards -- ( continued ) 64 65 57 . continued : 64 send he fly into the table at which sit jack and veronica brennan , glass shatter —- brennan Jesus , lad , mind the drink , for Christ 's sake ! harte , herlihy , asamoah , fiona and the surfer look round . * then continue on as if nothing have happen . lavelle and stanton look at each other . stanton he 's have that come a long time . you know yourself . int . lynch 's bar - later 65 lavelle be stand next to fiona , watch harte dance * with the surfer chick . * fiona fine-look man . lavelle I would watch yourself around he . fiona oh I give up the cocaine a long time ago . lavelle you take cocaine ? she shrug . she smile . * fiona * how about a dance ? or what do * they call it in you day , a jive ? * lavelle ah now , I be not cut out -- fiona ah come on . * she haul he onto the dance - floor . * high - angle shot -- lavelle and fiona dance together , * alongside harte and the surfer chick , veronica and asamoah , and other . * 58 . 66 int . lynch 's bar - later 66 veronica pause beside lavelle at the bar . veronica forgive I , Father , for I have sin . lavelle say ten hail mary and a we Father . veronica ah , I have sin more than that . lavelle make a ascent of croagh Patrick , then , on you knee . veronica on my knee , be it ? what make you say that ? she look blankly at he . he finish he diet Coke . she laugh and move on . lynch appear , inside the bar . lynch you church be on fire . lavelle Brendan , I be not in the mood - ~ lynch you church be on fire . lavelle look up -- lynch be gaze straight past he -- lavelle look round -- reverse shot -- through a large rectangular window , the church can be see burn at the top of the hill . lavelle Jesus Christ . 67 ext . church - night 67 the burn church . lavelle arrive at the scene . follow by other from the bar . lavelle be freeze to the spot for a moment , stunne . the flame look beautiful in the dark of the night as they lick up the side of the wooden structure . 67a int . church - night 67a a burn beam collapse . the pews burn . wooden plinth around two statue burn . the station of the Cross burn . 678 7c 59 . ext . church - night 673 jack brennan run up to lavelle -- brennan I have call the fire brigade , Father . for all the good it 'li do . he stare at the fire , he mouth open , enthralled . harte light a cigarette . harte they will not get here in time . leary look on , a hand to he head in shock . lavelle circle the church , realise there be nothing to be do , the entire building be afire . lavelle why do not anybody see ? fiona find he , pull at he sleeve -- fiona come away , daddy . lavelle why do not anybody see ? milo herlihy laugh childishly , a pint of guinness still in he hand . veronica brennan and simon asamoah glance at each other . veronica you will probably get the blame for this . they laugh . turn away from the scene . int . lynch 's bar - night 67c stanton and lynch look on dispassionately . lynch professional job . i’1l say that for they . stanton any fool can start a fire , for fuck 's sake . 60 . 67d ext . church - night 67d high -angle shot -- lavelle look on impotently as the timber in the church start to give way . match CUT to : 68 ext . church - dawn 68 title -- '' Thursday '' . high -angle shot -- lavelle look on at the blacken ember . fiona , stanton and leary nearby . lavelle so now we bre be burnt out . leary who would do a thing like this ? lavelle somebody with a grudge against the Church , obviously . stanton sure that could be half the country . leary Burning the place down , though ? lavelle people be angry . they have a lot to be angry about . stanton unless there 's a personal angle . lavelle glance at he . fiona notice the look . fiona how do you mean ? stanton nobody with a grudge against you , Father , no ? leary why would anyone have a grudge against we ? stanton shrug . toe the ember with he shoe . stanton maybe this be the future , hah ? maybe it 'il all be ruin one day . maybe one day kid will say to they parent in amazement , they use to believe in what ? a auld lad up in ( more ) ( continued ) 68 69 61 . continued : 68 stanton ( cont 'd ) the sky ? and if we be good we will go to Heaven ? and if we be bad well go to Hell ? lavelle y'know for a policeman you seem to know very little about human nature . stanton maybe you be right . sure you would know more than I . do not touch anything , now , I will have to get the forensic boy down , the supercilious prick . he exit . lavelle , leary and fiona stand in silence for a * moment . leary * what do we do now ? lavelle we will have to rebuild it , I suppose . fiona maybe use brick next time , might be a good idea . she look at lavelle . he smile . leary * sure that 's 1l take age . lavelle be there somewhere you have to be ? ext . sligo cathedral ( garden ) - day 69 bishop montgomery be on he cellphone , strolling along a path , beautiful flower array on every side -- montgomery -- Inspector stanton 's handle all that , as far as I be aware , you will have to speak to he ... it look like arson , yes ... Young lad lose the head , I suppose , sure be not that always the way ?... no , we have not have any trouble before now ... thank you . Goodbye . he flip shut the cellphone and pause in front of a large rosebush . montgomery you will have the press and tv people round at some point . * ( continued ) 69 62 . continued : 69 lavelle have be trail in he wake . lavelle no doubt . montgomery inhale the scent of the rose . montgomery who be it ? lavelle I do not know who it be . montgomery turn and look at he . montgomery you say you do . lavelle I have no evidence it 's the same man . montgomery it 's the same man . take a lot of nerve to burn down a church . help if you have a burn sense of grievance . if you will pardon the ... he walk on . lavelle follow . montgomery we have to ask ourselves , what do this man want ? well , he want to be love , of course . we all want to be love . fail that , he want to be admire . fail that , he want to be fear . and fail that , he want to be hate and despise . we should beware the man who want to be hate and despise . do not you think ? lavelle ( after a pause ) I think you read that in a book . montgomery smile . they move on . lavelle I think he want to stir up some sort of feel in other , that 's true . he do not want to be ignore anymore . he want to make contact . montgomery well he make contact alright . who be it ? ( continued ) 69 70 63 . continued : 69 lavelle look blankly at he . montgomery nod . montgomery that rose 's 1 ] want cut . ext . beach -~ day 70 veronica emerge from the water to find lavelle wait for she . veronica be this about the coke ? I can take it or leave it . lavelle really ? veronica yeah . most people can . the only one who can not , have problem to begin with . lavelle we should not write they off , though , the one who have problem to begin with . veronica dry she hair with a towel . Studies he . lavelle what do you want to do with you life , Veronica ? veronica nothing . '' consider the lily of the field , how they grow . they toil not , neither do they spin . '' lavelle that 's a very nice quotation . ( continued ) 70 continued : they look veronica g) 64 . 70 veronica ah sure everybody know that one . lavelle it 's hackneyed , yeah . like '' turn the other cheek , '' and '' judge not , lest ye be judge . '' at each other . veronica I would like to be a actress , maybe . I have get a absent father and a domineer mother . lavelle well it 's a start . when do you father leave ? veronica he do not leave , he be kill . lavelle he be murder ? veronica hunting accident . ( pause ) completely random . ( pause ) so there 's no use persever , Father . I be a lose cause . lavelle no one 's a lose cause , Veronica . lance at he , then stride away . 65 . int . rectory ( study ) - day n fitzgerald with a big smile on he face . fitzgerald dreadful business , I must say . some little blackguard run riot , I would not wonder . he be stand between two desk , jingling the change in he pocket . lavelle at one desk . leary at the other . leary sure what can you do , in this day and age . fitzgerald true that . ( to lavelle ) sorry about the other day , Father . that be the drink talk . lavelle what can we do for you ? fitzgerald well it follow on from what I be say . and it seem more necessary now than ever . ( produce a cheque- book ) I would like to make a donation . leary ( get up ) oh that 's grand ! lavelle to salve you conscience ? fitzgerald surely that 's in the nature of all philanthropy ? the expiation of guilt ? leary I be sure you have nothing major to feel guilty about , Mr fitzgerald . ( continued ) 71 66 . continued : fitzgerald oh you would be surprised , Father . and call I Michael . leary Michael it be . any charity be always gratefully receive . fitzgerald I know . I believe that 's Church doctrine . and the Church need all the help it can get this day , hah ? leary why would you say that ? fitzgerald well , y’know , what with all the compensation that 's be pay out over the year . leary 's superficial smile freeze on he face . fitzgerald I read where it 's up to two billion now . and that 's just the yank . and sure we all know they be not the worst , now , do not we ? lavelle look blankly at he . then blankly at leary to gauge he reaction . leary I do not know about that , now . and anyways , most of that case be forty or fifty year ago . raking up old ground , it 's always seem to I . it 's time to forgive and forget . fitzgerald oh I agree with you , I agree with you . it 's time to move on . what 's past be past . et cetera , et cetera . leary ah ... would you like a cup of tea , Michael , or something -- fitzgerald no , no , can not stop . he sit in leary 's chair . wave the cheque-book -- fitzgerald what be we talk ? ten ? twenty ? leary twenty thousand ? ( continued ) 71 72 67 . continued : 71 fitzgerald twenty thousand euros , yeah . leary perches himself on the desk . excite . * leary * why that have be grand . that / d help with get the initial building work off the ground . fitzgerald twenty it be , then . ( produce a beautiful pierrot White fountain pen ) this be a David oscarson pen . really expensive . leary * it 's lovely . lavelle why not make it fifty ? fitzgerald and leary look at he . fitzgerald smile . * leary * ah now , Father - ~ lavelle if money 's no object , make it fifty . fitzgerald why not make it a hundred ? leary 's jaw drop open . he look at lavelle . * fitzgerald means nothing to I . lavelle I know it do not . fitzgerald a hundred thousand euros , Father . for you pet project . what do you say to that ? lavelle I say , thank you , mister fitzgerald . fitzgerald grin . ext . rectory - day 72 fiona be play with bruno , rub he belly , flopping he ear around . ( continued ) 72 73 68 . continued : 72 fiona good dog . be not you a good dog . yes you be . lavelle appear . he watch they in silence , smile . ext / int . sligo town restaurant - day 73 lavelle and fiona eat . lavelle it 's my fault . fiona how be it you fault what some crazy person -- lavelle I should have do something . Said something . fiona ( after a pause ) what be stanton be get at ? lavelle if I could tell you I would . you know that . fiona I think I be the one suppose to be in trouble , not you . they look at each other . veronica ( 0.s. ) how 's the fish ? they look up to see veronica brennan , coke up , stand over they . glamorously dress , a gin-and - tonic in she hand . lavelle too many little bone . veronica be not that always the way . she grab a chair and sit at they table . fiona look at she , then at lavelle . veronica I be not stop . meeting the fella . lavelle you be inform I of you adultery in advance ? ( continued ) 73 69 . continued : 73 veronica be not that more honest than in the confessional when it 's all do - and - dust and there 's nothing you can do about it ? fiona what be you expect he to do about it now ? veronica stop I from commit a mortal sin . lavelle you have to stop yourself . I can not stop you . veronica then what good be you at all ? fiona shoot another look at lavelle . veronica you be right , though . I mean , who be you to lecture anyone when it come to sex ? fiona he have as much right as anyone else -- veronica I do not think virgin have any call to be dictating - — lavelle what make you think I be a virgin ? Fiona 's my daughter . veronica oh I think she be just some young one you be fiddling around with . lavelle almost flinch . fiona oh you bitch . lavelle look at veronica with utter disgust . she notice this , and smile . veronica you want to hit I now , do not ya ? go on . hit I . lavelle look blankly at she . she grin . suddenly , fiona hit she a massive slap to the face -. ( continued ) 73 74 70 . continued : 73 other diner glance around . one of whom be leo macarthur . he laugh as he pick at he tooth with a toothpick -- veronica rub she reddene cheek . tear in she eye . but still defiant . she glare at fiona . veronica Nice shot . but I have take better . lavelle what be this , exactly ? the theatre of the absurd ? veronica oh you be very fond of you high - falutin’ phrase , be not you , Father . I do think you do look down on we country people . she knock back she drink . glancing out the window , she see simon asamoah approach . veronica there 's my ride , as it be . let 's do this again some time . she exit . leave startle diner in she wake . fiona do you have to put up with that kind of shit on a regular basis ? through the window we can see veronica as she reappear and throw she arm around asamoah . asamoah look blankly at lavelle and fiona . lavelle there 's a lot of it go around , let 's put it that way . ext . beach - evening 74 lavelle and fiona walk along . lavelle we really should talk , you know . get it all out . fiona like in one of that shit play at the Abbey ? lavelle I do not know what the third - act revelation would be , though . fiona neither do I . ( continued ) 74 continued : tl. 74 lavelle you mother die kill a little something in both of we , I know that . fiona it be a long goodbye if ever there be one . I sometimes wish she have not hang on as long as she do . lavelle she be stubborn , alright . but brave , too . I wonder if 1/11 be that brave , when it come down to it . fiona it be not just she die . you be miss in action a long time . before and after . when I need you the most . lavelle be it really that bad ? fiona I do not know , maybe I be exaggerate . you be a highly - function alcoholic , I will give you that . lavelle I have always think the '' highly - function '' part should cancel out the '' alcoholic '' part . like a double negative . fiona smile . they come upon micheal sit in a old wooden boat , stare out to sea , a davy crockett hat on . lavelle what be you up to , there , micheal , if you do not mind I ask ? micheal think . lavelle think . think about what ? micheal thing . lavelle think about thing . how profound . fiona what 's that you be wear ? micheal a hat . ( continued ) 74 75 72 . continued : 74 lavelle a hat . you do not give much away , do you , micheal ? you should have be in the french resistance , they could have do with man like you . fiona laugh . ext . easkey shoreline - evening 75 lavelle and fiona manoeuvre between the rock -pool . lavelle I be never neglectful , I do not think . I never hit you or -- fiona there be other form of violence . lavelle I know there be . attempt suicide , for one . fiona Jesus . I walk into that one . lavelle not only violence against yourself , either . fiona it be not intend that way . I be not try to hurt you . lavelle how could it not hurt I ? I love you . fiona I love you , too . do not doubt that . they look at each other . put they arm around each other and walk on . fiona and just when I think I have you back and you be all ship - shape and raring to go , go you do . I think it have be another woman . lavelle I have a vocation . I be not try to escape or -- fiona I know that . I know you be sincere . but the fact remain , first she go away and then you go away . I lose two parent for the price of one . ( continued ) 73 . 75 continued : 75 lavelle I never go anywhere . I be still here . fiona I think you be be a little naive , there , Father . they stop as they reach the edge of the rock - face , look out over the sea . lavelle I be still here . i’1l always be here . fiona will you ? ( with a sad smile ) you promise ? lavelle ( point to she heart ) I will always be here . ( point to he heart ) and you will always be here . fiona 's eye well up with tear . lavelle how 's that for a third - act revelation ? fiona it 's corny . but I like it . 76 int . cottage ( bedroom ) - night 76 ryan be lie fully - clothed on he bed , a multicoloure quilt beneath he . the shillelagh by he side . lavelle pour he a bourbon . ryan you know how you can tell when you be really get old ? lavelle how ? ryan nobody say the word '' death '' around you anymore . lavelle look at he . hold out the glass . ryan pop two large pill from a vial into he mouth . take the glass -- ryan here 's mud in you eye ! toss back the bourbon in one go . motion for another . ( continued ) 76 7 74 . continued : 76 ryan that 's great stuff ! make I feel like burst into song . lavelle take the glass . fix he another . lavelle go on ahead for yourself . nobody 's stop you . ryan raise the shillelagh as if it be a conductor 's baton and sing -- ryan '' you will eat , by and by , in that glorious land above the sky -- '' lavelle smile . shake he head . ryan '' -- work and pray , live on hay , you will get pie in the sky when you die ! '' lavelle God , you be a awful man altogether . ryan cackle . lavelle hand he the bourbon . ryan like the fella say , '' there have to be a Devil before there can be holy water . '' ext . field - night 7 lavelle walk through the field behind the rectory , lighting he way with a old oil lamp . lavelle bruno ! bruno ! he go on through the field . pause , have spot something up ahead . walk on lavelle 's Pov -- the dog lie dead . lavelle look down at the dog . its throat have be cut . a puddle of blood around its body . he crouch beside the body . touches its coat . lavelle ah what have he do to you ? ( cry softly ) what have he do to you , bruno ? he stroke the glossy coat , still cry . 15 . 78 ext . field - night 78 lavelle finish digging a hole . put the shovel to one side , where bruno lie envelop in a bright red blanket . he heft the bundle and place it gently in the hole . shovel earth onto the bundle until it be completely cover . pat it down . he put he hand together atop the shovel and say a prayer . 719 ext . sligo train station - day 79 title -- '' Friday '' . the convertible screech to a halt . fiona jump out with she suitcase . lavelle get out -- fiona I forget to say goodbye to lavelle I will give he a big kiss from you . fiona oh do ! they hug and kiss -- fiona I will be fine , you know . lavelle will you ? fiona well let 's just say , today I be fine . lavelle so you say . she smile , and disappear into the station . 80 ext . country lane - day 80 lavelle stroll along , brood . he come up alongside a young girl on she own . pick petal off a flower . lavelle hello . where be you off to ? ( continued ) 80 76 . continued : 80 girl the beach . lavelle it 's nice at the beach , be not it . do you surf ? girl no , my Da will not let I . he say it 's too dangerous . lavelle ah , what do he know . Big meanie . the girl laugh . lavelle here on holiday ? she nod . lavelle where be you from , wicklow ? girl yeah . lavelle well never mind . we will not hold it against you -- suddenly , a car screech to a halt on the main road in front of they . a man get out , angry -- man janine ! get in the car , now . the girl quickly cross to the car . man ( softly ) where the hell d'ya get to , honey ? I have be look all over for ya . the girl get in . the man turn to lavelle , angry again -- man what be you say to she ? lavelle I be not say anything to she . man oh really . you look deep in fuck conversation to I . he glare at lavelle . get back in the car . drive off . ( continued ) 80 81 17 . continued : 80 lavelle stand there . run a hand through he hair . int . lynch 's bar - day 81 lavelle large one . lynch look at he , as he click onto Sky News . he have a bandage on he hand . harte , seat at the end of the bar with a whiskey , glance at he also . asamoah and brennan be play chess in a corner of the bar . brennan look round . lynch you sure about that ? lavelle whiskey , I say . lynch get the drink . Sky News play a report from Afghanistan . lynch I wonder what 's the latest in the sand - nigger war ? asamoah look up . smirk . harte look like more dead to I . but then again , who 's count ? lynch pass lavelle the whiskey . lavelle knock it back . lavelle have one yourself . might shut you up . lynch ah sure that 's what they call they , sand -nigger . the Marines , I mean . I read it in a book about that young one they rape and murder , y’know ? they kill she entire family , then they turn on she . lavelle that 's you bedside read , be it ? lynch I like to keep up with american foreign policy . another ? lavelle give a slight nod . lynch turn to harte . ( continued ) 81 78 . continued : 81 lynch yourself ? harte one ice cube this time . two just get in the way . lynch get the whisky . asamoah make a chess move . brennan smile to himself . asamoah who burn down you church , Father ? lavelle it 's not my church . it 's we church . brennan I have say it be the romanian . they be heathen , I think . lynch the romanian ? what romanian do we have around here ? brennan ah they be always hang around , the romanian . get up to no good . asamoah I think it must be someone who do not like you , Father . I think it must be one of the good people in this town . harte you should join the Guards , Simon , with you power of deduction . brennan checkmate . asamoah look down at the piece . then back up at brennan . brennan pick up he whiskey , and go to the bar . brennan this measure , hey , Father . it 's like a buttercup in the mouth of a cow . guinness , there , Brendan . he knock back he whiskey . glance slyly at lavelle . brennan so you think there 's a God , then , Father , yeah ? lavelle look blankly at he . ( continued ) 81 82 79 . continued : 81 brennan I be not codd , I be be serious . I be have doubt , like . a crisis of faith . lavelle look blankly at he . take he drink and get up . brennan ah now , I do not mean to offend ya , I be sorry . really I be . as sure as there 's a hole in a goat . lynch laugh as he pour the guinness . lavelle head for the pool room . brennan I be a awful messer , Father , God forgive I ! do not go away mad ! int . pool room - moment later 82 close on a rack of pool ball be split . leo macarthur , practise on he own , chalk he cue as he consider he next shot . look up -- lavelle be lean against a wall , whiskey in hand . leo hey fada ! whaddaya hear , whaddaya say ! lavelle you be back , so ? leo I get a lotta client in this town , fada . from the hoi polloi to the mass of society . I gotta keep my ass lubricate at all time . lavelle the hoi polloi be the mass of society . you be use the phrase incorrectly . leo pause in the act of make a shot . smirk . leo that may be so , fada . I do not get no education , see . I be get fuck in the ass and fuck in the face all the live - long day . there be not no time for any 0 's that dere book -learnin’ . I be suck the prick of a bishop in he bishopric on a regular basis , ya get I ? how d'ya like that play on word , smartass ? ( continued ) 82 83 80 . continued : 82 lavelle do you need help ? leo you be start to sound a little screwy , now , fada . maybe ya need to see a headshrinker yerself -- lavelle do you need help ? be you okay ? leo there 's nothing wrong with I , my friend , I be feelin’ fine . he smack in a ball . int . lynch 's bar - night 83 lavelle at a table , brood over a guinness with a whiskey chaser . harte mooches over . harte y'know when I first start work in Dublin , there be this three - year - old boy whose parent have take he into the hospital for a routine operation , but the anesthesiologist make a mistake , and the little boy end up be deaf , dumb , blind and paralyse . for good . ( pause ) think of it . think of when that boy first regain consciousness . in the dark . you would be frighten , would not you . but you would be frighten in that way where you know that the fear be go to end . it have to . it must . you parent can not be too far away . they 'il come to you rescue . they 's 11 turn on the light and they will talk to you . ( pause ) but think of it . nobody come to rescue you . no light be turn on . you be in the dark . you try to speak but you can not . you try to move but you can not . you try to cry out but you be unable to hear you own scream . you be entombed within you own body , howling with terror . ( pause ) you parent stand around you . they have no way to communicate with you . they have no way to explain what have happen to you . will you ever understand what have happen to you ? ( more ) ( continued ) 83 84 81 . continued : 83 harte ( cont 'd ) and that it will not end , that it will always be this way ? there be silence for a long moment . lavelle what the fuck ? why the fuck would you tell I a story like that ? harte , no reason . lavelle rear up -- harte go into a karate stance -- asamoah and lynch look round -- harte step back quickly and scoot off . int . lynch 's bar - later 84 hold on lavelle as we jump - CUT through he night 's drink , encompass pint and short . only asamoah leave in the bar with lynch . they pass a spliff back and forth , glance at lavelle . lynch time to go . come on . lavelle look round at asamoah . lavelle he 's still drink . same again . lynch time to go , I say . lavelle what 's that , a order ? asamoah you do not like take order , Father ? you do not mind give they . lynch sure he kind be all alike . lavelle my '' kind '' . ( continued ) 84 85 86 87 82 . continued : 84 lynch yeah you '' kind '' . you time have go , and you do not even fuck realise it . lavelle my time will never be go . lynch you hear that ? the arrogance of the man . asamoah you need to be a little more humble , Father . lynch he need take down a peg or two , be what he need . lavelle look at they both . he step down from he stool , put he hand into the pocket of he soutane , and withdraw the webley revolver , aim it at they -— lavelle take I down , then . asamoah step back , but lynch do not flinch . he look coolly at lavelle -- lynch go on . I fuck dare ya . lavelle look blankly at he . adjust he aim and fire -- into the rank of spirit and the mirror behind the bar , shatter nearly everything -- ext . lynch 's bar - night 85 the blast from the revolver lighting up the bar -- int . lynch 's bar - night 86 the gun click . empty . all six shot fire . lavelle look at lynch and asamoah , sway slightly . lynch reach under the bar and produce a yellow baseball bat . asamoah grin . int . rectory ( bathroom ) - night 87 lavelle wash he bloody hand in the sink . his bloody face reflect in the mirror . leary , in pyjamas , pass by the open doorway -- ( continued ) 87 88 89 83 . continued : 87 leary * Jesus Christ ! what happen to you ? * lavelle Brendan Lynch . leary * Brendan Lynch ? sure he 's a Buddhist . lavelle so what if he 's a fuck Buddhist ? you think buddhist do not beat people up ? you think buddhist do not fuck they kid just like everybody else ? leary * you be obviously very upset -- lavelle tibetans spit on blind people in the street . they be kill albinos in Africa . you be so fuck naive . leary * please do not curse at I , Father . and I think it have be best if we continue this conversation in the morning when you be sober -- lavelle why be you a fuck priest at all ? you should be a fuck accountant in a fuck insurance firm ! he slam shut the door . int . lavelle 's room - morning 88 title -- '' Saturday '' . lavelle lie prone on he bed , bruise all over he body , still wear he trousers and sock . his soutane in a black pile on the floor . he awaken . give a wretch groan . ext . rectory - morning 89 leary hand a suitcase to a cabbie -- * lavelle ( 0.s. ) you be leave . leary turn . lavelle be stand there , squinting in the * sunlight . wearing a horrible woollen V-neck sweater . drink from a pint-glass of water . ( continued ) 89 84 . continued : 89 leary I think it 's for the best . lavelle because of last night ? leary because of a lot of thing . not just last night , or what 's happen here . I have be have doubt ... about my sexuality , if you must know . lavelle you be not gay , Father . you be not interesting enough to be gay . leary be take aback yet again . lavelle listen , I be sorry about what I say last night . leary you say what you say with such venom . I do not realise you hate I that much . lavelle I do not hate you at all . leary then why ... lavelle it 's just that you have no integrity . and that 's the worst thing I can say about anybody . leary well that 's ... that 's just ... he head for the car . lavelle I hope you find what you be look for . good luck . leary get into the cab . it drive away . 90 91 92 93 94 85 . ext . church - day 90 high - angle shot -- lavelle appear and stand amid the ruin of the church . find a blacken and burnt hymnal . flick through it . toss it aside . int . lavelle 's room - day 91 lavelle in smart civilian clothes . he toss the copy of moby Dick into a pack suitcase . ext . easkey - day 92 he drive through the town . past the field . the castle . then ~~ milo herlihy zoom up alongside on he motorcycle . look across at he . at the suitcase on the passenger seat . lavelle look back at he . herlihy accelerate , speed on ahead , disappear out of sight . ext . sligo airport - evening 93 a aer arann plane be on the runaway . int . sligo airport - evening 94 lavelle be look out at the airplane , wait for the announcement to board . teresa ( 0.s. ) Father . lavelle turn to find teresa ROBERT stand next to he . she glance at he clothes , he cut lip . lavelle oh hello . teresa you be go to Dublin ? lavelle yes . ( pause ) just get away for a while , y'know . teresa I hear about you church . a terrible thing . ( continued ) 94 95 96 96a 97 86 . continued : 94 lavelle yes . teresa you must be very upset . lavelle yes I be . lavelle glance out the window — ~ lavelle 's Pov -- a coffin be be escort to the plane by two baggage handlers . lavelle turn back to teresa . she be watch the coffin . teresa I be bring he home to he family in Italy . Dublin and then Rome . lavelle how have you be ? teresa people here have be very kind . lavelle I mean ... teresa some time I think I can not go on . ( turn to look at he ) but I will go on . ext . airplane - evening 95 passengers climb the step of the airplane , lavelle and teresa among they . lavelle pause at the top , wait he turn to enter the plane . he look down -- lavelle 's Pov -- the coffin have not yet be load . the two baggage handlers be lean against it . they laugh . ext . sligo airport - evening 96 the aer arann plane traverse the sky . ext . easkey -- night 96a lavelle in he sport car , speed back to easkey . int . rectory ( lavelle 's room ) - dawn 97 title -- '' Sunday '' . a light breeze be blow through the open window and gently lift the lace curtain . ( continued ) 97 98 99 87 . continued : 97 lavelle be lie in bed , idly watch the curtain . his soutane be hang on the wall . int . lavelle 's room - dawn 98 he button up the soutane . fix he collar . kneel in front of the crucifix and say a prayer . bless himself . ext . dog ’s-hole - morning 99 close on the webley revolver . lavelle weigh it in he hand . then toss it out into the crash wave . a wide crack in the cliff - face , the sea rush in and smash upon the rock . the spume shoot up to where lavelle be stand , he soutane flutter in the wind , a almost mythic figure look out over the Atlantic . fitzgerald appear and approach , unheard . eventually lavelle turn , flinching at fitzgerald 's proximity . fitzgerald think of throw yourself in ? they say it 's the easy way out . lavelle nothing easy about it , I would not have think . they look out at the ocean . fitzgerald I be in a bad way , Father . lavelle look at he . fitzgerald I be not put you on . I have be in a bad way for a long time . lavelle have you speak to a psychia -- fitzgerald ah they just load you up on pill . ask you about you feeling for you mother . same auld shite since the ' 20 . lavelle how do this ... this feel down ... how do it manifest itself ? ( continued ) 88 . 99 continued : 99 fitzgerald not want to do anything . find nothing worthwhile . a sense of ... disassociation . detachment . lavelle you have a lot to be thankful for , objectively . fitzgerald I have a wife and kid and they mean nothing to I . I have money and it mean nothing to I . I have life and it mean nothing to I . lavelle where do you think this sense of detachment come from ? fitzgerald from nowhere . ( pause ) from nowhere . lavelle study fitzgerald as fitzgerald look out to sea . he be obviously sincere , and in a lot of pain . lavelle I have to meet someone now , but I / 11 call up to the house after . we will talk . get you back on track . okay ? fitzgerald thank you , Father . thank you . lavelle put a arm around he shoulder . fitzgerald lean into he , rest he head in the crook of lavelle 's neck . 100 ext . HOTEL balcony - morning 100 fiona on she cellphone . coffee beside she . Dublin skyline . fiona y'know , you change the subject , the other day when we be talk . 101 ext . payphone - morning 101 lavelle on the payphone . lavelle what be the subject ? 102 ext / int . easkey - morning 102 as they speak , we see image of the location where they spend time together , this location now desert -- ( continued ) 102 103 89 . continued : 102 train station . Lynch 's bar . lavelle 's room . country road . easkey River . split-rock . confessional . Church ruin . rectory exterior . Restaurant . Beach . shoreline . fiona ( v.0 . ) you know what the subject be . I think you commit a sin of omission there , if truth be tell . lavelle ( v.0 . ) sure there be worse sin than sin of omission . fiona ( v.o. ) well now you would be the expert in that department , Father . lavelle ( v.0 . ) you will have to defer to I , so . fiona ( v.0 . ) I suppose I will . lavelle ( v.0 . ) I think there 's too much talk about sin , to be honest , and not enough talk about virtue . fiona ( v.0 . ) you might be right . what would be you number one ? lavelle ( v.0 . ) I think forgiveness have be highly underrate . fiona ( v.0 . ) ( after a pause ) I forgive you . do you forgive I ? lavelle ( v.0 . ) always . ext . easkey - morning 103 slow-motion tracking shot follow lavelle as he walk through the town . it be still early . he see no one . suddenly , gerald ryan appear in front of he -- ryan Father . lavelle Little early for mass . ( continued ) 103 104 105 106 90 . continued : 103 ryan Doctor harte be out fishing at the crack of dawn . he begrudgingly give I a ride . he 's a wonderful doctor , but a completely appall human be . where be you head ? lavelle just down to the beach there . ryan want some company ? lavelle not really , no . maybe later . ryan Fair enough . I will not keep you . he start to move off , lean on he shillelagh . lavelle do you finish you book ? ryan I do . not sure how good it be ... lavelle I be sure it 'il be grand . you be a fine writer . ryan ( move ) thank you , James . lavelle nod and walk on . ext . beach - morning 104 lavelle come down onto the beach . look around -- lavelle 's Pov -- there be no one to be see on the beach . but far off , some surfer be riding the wave . he stride out , a lone figure out for a Sunday stroll . the surf roll in . ext . sand dune - morning 105 micheal be painting with oil . a canvas set up on a easel . he pause -- micheal 's Pov -- lavelle look out to sea . and then a second man , approach from the right . ext . beach - morning 106 lavelle turn and see the man approach -- ( continued ) 106 gl . continued : 106 lavelle 's Pov -- the man gradually define himself as jack brennan . wearing a plain white shirt , the cuff turn up , ordinary black trousers , black shoe . as brennan near lavelle , he take a gun from a trouser pocket and hold it loosely at he side . brennan take you hand out of you pocket . slowly . lavelle why ? brennan I hear you have a gun . lavelle slowly remove he hand from the pocket of he soutane and turn they palm up . brennan have to say I be surprised . think I have have to go look for you . lavelle just because I be here , do not mean you have to go through with it . brennan yes it do . it 's one of that ... self - fulfil prophecy . do you really think it have come to this , though , hah ? lavelle I be hope it would not . I think you be a friend of mine . brennan ah sure , a friend be just a enemy you have not make yet . lavelle cheap cynicism . brennan no , not cheap , now . that 's a cynicism that be hard - win . that 's a cynicism that be earn after a hell of a lot of psychological and physical torture . lavelle I take it back , then . but it 's cynicism all the same . that 's the difference between we , I suppose . brennan that 's not the only difference . 107 omitted 92 . 107 108 ext . beach - morning 108 brennan look out over the wave . lavelle appraise he . they look brennan any regret ? lavelle yeah . I never get to finish moby Dick . brennan the whale kill ahab . lavelle be that right ? brennan then he destroy the rest of the ship and the crew along with it . all except for ishmael . he alone escape to tell thee . at each other for a long moment . lavelle the burn of the church I under - stand . but you do not have to kill my dog . brennan I do not kill you dog . why would I do a thing like that ? lavelle I find he . out in the field . his throat have be cut . brennan nothing to do with I . I be wholly innocent of that crime . ( pause ) I do give veronica a shove that one time , though . I admit that and I be sorry for it . ( pause ) do it upset you ? the dog ? lavelle yes it do . ( continued ) 108 109 110 continued : 93 . 108 brennan do you cry ? lavelle yes I do . brennan that 's nice . and when you read about what you fellow priest do to all that poor child down all that year , do you cry then ? lavelle look blankly at he . brennan I ask you a question . do you cry then ? lavelle no . brennan that 's right . lavelle no , I suppose - — brennan yeah ? lavelle I suppose I feel detach from it . the way you be when you read any - thing in a newspaper or see it on televis - - brennan raise the gun and fire -- lavelle be hit in the lower leave side and stagger back , collapse onto the sand . ext . sand brennan detach yourself from that . dune - morning 109 micheal see brennan fire the shot and lavelle go down . he take a step back , stunne . omitted 110 ull 112 113 94 . ext . beach - morning a lavelle touch he wound , he hand come away bloody . brennan we be the lucky one , though . there be body bury back there . buried like dog . lavelle put he hand over the wound once more , feel the blood pulsing out . he look around -- lavelle 's Pov -- the beach . the surfer . brennan . the sky . brennan approach lavelle and aim the gun at he head . ext . sand dune - morning 112 micheal drop he brush and run down through the dune -- ext . beach - morning 113 lavelle look up at brennan . brennan do not look at I . lavelle hold he gaze . brennan do not look at I . turn you face to the side . lavelle hold he gaze . brennan hesitates . hear a sound and turn -- micheal appear , run and tumble down from the dune and out onto the beach -- brennan turn he aim on micheal lavelle no ! micheal pause , look from brennan to lavelle -- lavelle run , micheal ! micheal I x11 get stanton , Father ! helicopter shot -- micheal retreat and run towards the town . brennan turn back to lavelle . brennan he remind I of I . ( continued ) 113 114 115 116 117 118 11g 120 95 . continued : 113 he start to sob . he move off towards the surf , try to regain he composure . lavelle watch he , he face turn pale as the life ebb from he . lavelle it 's not too late , Jack . brennan ( still sobbing ) yes it be . yes it be . he turn back , wiping he tear with he gun-hand . he take a deep breath , then aim the gun at lavelle again . brennan say you prayer . lavelle I have already say they . brennan fire , point-blank . omitted 114 ext . easkey - morning 115 ryan on a bench , eat a ice cream . int . asamoah 's house ( bedroom ) - morning 116 veronica astride asamoah . he rub the bruise on she face with he thumb . int . mansion - morning 117 fitzgerald sit at a large oak table , dishevel . a whiskey in front of he . he glance at he watch . int . stanton 's house - morning 118 stanton look through a magnify glass , examine a bank note take from a stack in front of he . he grin . ext . prison yard - morning 119 freddie joyce be stomp on , the leg of other prisoner kick at he . he try to protect himself , but do not cry out . int . bookstore - morning 120 leary in the '' philosophy & religion '' section , flick through Richard dawkin 's the God delusion . 121 122 123 124 125 126 127 128 96 . ext . phoenix park - morning 121 fiona walk with a handsome man . her hand in glove . laugh at something he have say . int . HOTEL room - morning 122 leo sit naked at the edge of a bed . think . a crucifix on a chain around he neck . a man 's form glimpse under the bedclothes . int . irish army recruitment office - morning 123 milo signing up . he pass the form back across to the recruitment officer . int . hospital operating theatre - morning 124 doctor harte puffing on a cigarette , then put it out on a disease heart in a steel dish , the butt stick up . int . ly¥ nch 's bar - morning 125 lynch put a glass to the optic of a lone intact whiskey bottle . his face bruise , he lip split . int . airplane - morning 126 teresa ROBERT in business - class , look out a window . vodka-and-tonic in front of she . she bless herself . ext . beach - morning 127 helicopter shot -- brennan walk away from the body of lavelle . fade to black . int . prison - day 128 fade in on a line of cubicle -. track along the visitors speak with prisoner on telephone , separate by glass -- come to rest on fiona . she be obviously devastate , but be sit calmly , wait . on the other side of the glass , a door open -- jack brennan appear with the guard see earlier . he look devastate also . he see fiona . fiona look blankly at he . pick up she telephone . brennan stand for a moment longer . then hesitantly approach the cubicle and sit down . ( continued ) 128 97 . continued : 128 fiona wait . tear in she eye . brennan look at she . look at the telephone . look back at she . CUT to black . the close title play . then the image of lavelle at the dog ’s-hole appear , he back to we , he soutane flutter in the wind . the end foxsearchlight.com / award pree a eke ea ee rec uke nid