F o R y o U R C o N S I D E R a T I o N S C R E E N p L ay by nicole holofcener and jeff whit T y base on the book by lee israel S C R E E N p L ay by nicole holofcener and jeff whit T y can you ever forgive I ? screenplay by Nicole holofcener and Jeff whitty base on the book " can you ever forgive I ? " by Lee Israel final shoot script - March 13 , 2017 fox searchlight picture , inc . 10201 W. pico Blvd. Los Angeles , CA 90035 all rights reserve . copyright '' 2016 willow and oak , inc . no portion of this script may be performed , published , reproduced , sold or distribute by any means , or quoted or published in any medium , including any web site , without the prior written consent of willow and oak , inc . disposal of this script copy doe not alter any of the restriction set forth above . cyefm final shoot draft 3/13/17 1 . new york CITY 1991 1 int . new york CITY pre - war apartment - night 1 mostly darkness in the small apartment , a few table lamp illuminate a comfortable , crowded well wear space . on one shelf , souvenir from a past life : a frame NY Times best seller list from 1980 with kilgallen by Lee Israel highlight in the number 15 spot . five or six copy of this book , and a similar number of miss Tallulah bankhead ( also by Lee ) and many more of estee lauder by Lee Israel line a shelf . it 's a bit of a trophy case . across the room , a well wear cat tree sit in the corner , pile of New yorker , and lee isreal , around 50 and not try very hard , be asleep in she clothes on the couch . a blossom dearie record spin on the record player , a cat snooze in she lap . both snore . a alarm beep on Lee 's casio digital watch . finally , she rouse . she look down at she watch which read 10 pm , and stop the alarm . she move to the kitchen , respond slightly to the music . we imagine she may be get ready for bed . she put she a plate in the sink , and return . she downs she water from the table and put the glass into she purse . she take a bottle of scotch and also put it into she purse . she turn off the light , but then the front door open , hall - light pour in , and we see Lee exit . the door slam shut . 2 int . high -rise office build - middle of the night nondescript cubicle and the nondescript people who be work in they . it be the graveyard shift and the young employees be proofreading and black -line law document . the large room be eerily silent save for the scratch of pencil on paper and the sound of ice clinking in a glass . Lee be work as well , drink a scotch on the rock . she swirl it around absentmindedly as she work without enthusiasm . two young women pass by she cubicle . young woman ( whisper ) Fucking kill I if I be do this at she age . Lee hear , and wait till she can not see they . lee I will kill you now if you ask nicely . ( continued ) 2 2 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 2 . 2 embarrass giggle . swirl she glass of scotch , Lee work . someone shout from another cubicle , head barely visible cubicle worker you know we be not allow to eat or drink in here ! another cubicle worker ( after a beat ) yeah . Lee ignore they . the first cubical worker try to peer over to lee. hello ? fascist . alcoholic . cubicle worker lee a third worker ( o.s . ) some laughter . Lee go back to she work , try to concentrate . she can not . lee ( beat ) why do you give a crap ? cubicle worker because the sound of the ice be drive I insane . many voice I too ! it 's make I crazy ! lee oh , fuck off . she drink , make as much ice noise as possible . tall man what do you say ? lee I believe I say fuck off . a tall man , 30 , appear at she cubicle . tall man I be you boss . pack up . ( continued ) 2 cyefm continued : ( 2 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 3 . 2 lee I be almost through with this document . now . tall man he take the document and other papers from she desk and gesture for she to get up . lee ( quietly ) please , I need this job . he ignore she , watch as she put she thing into she canvas bag ( include she glass and bottle of scotch ) . he walk behind she , ushere she out . the young people in the cubicle watch with amusement as she go . break into loose applause . 3 int . corner market - very early morning straight from the job , Lee put she grocery up on the counter - cereal , peanut butter , a can of cat food . on the small black and white tv a program with garishly wealthy character be play . the cashier , 60 asian woman , be skeptical . cashier ( she know she ) how much have you get ? lee ( fishing in she pocket ) enough . cashier show I first . Lee count out she disappoint amount of cash . lee okay , just this . she separate the cereal and cat food and pay for they . cashier put this other stuff back ! Lee walk out . 3 cyefm 4 final shoot draft 3/13/17 4 . int . lee' upper west side apartment - morning 4 Lee open the cat food and place it in front of she cat jersey , who 's not interested . lee since when do you become picky . she put the cereal on the counter and walk through she cluttere apartment . peel paint , way too much stuff and year of stack up New Yorker magazine . the small one bedroom apartment have not be update in at least 20 year : paint be chipping , furniture be wear and scratch by multiple cat , even the light bulb need dusting . but you can tell it be once a well - love little box of a home . the dining table be cover with papers and coffee cup and empty wine bottle , leave little room for the manual typewriter and old computer . 5 int . lee' bedroom - continuous 5 a few dead fly lie on she pillow . disgust , she brushes they off and curl up to sleep in she clothes . 6 int . lee' bathroom - early evening 6 Broken shower tile , a old moldy curtain . in the medicine cabinet mirror , Lee smooth down she hair and apply lipstick . she notice the litter box in the corner be in unused , pristine condition . 7 omitted 7 8 ext . new york CITY STREET - early evening 8 Lee approach the 1 train entrance at 86th street and descend the stair . 9 ext . apt build - early evening 9 shiver from the cold , she trek down the New York street . 10 int . large apartment - evening 10 Lee have enter a noisy , stylish party . forty or so festive member of the New York literary world cheerfully enjoy cocktail and conversation . ( continued ) 10 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 5 . 10 she notice a coat guy take jacket , but she walk past he in search of the bar . her host marjorie , 70 year old and sophisticated , see she . marjorie well , this be a surprise . lee you invite I , do you not ? marjorie you do not reply . lee ( ignore that ) a coat check ? at my party we throw coat on a bed . marjorie Nice to see you too , lee. lee ( beat ) you never call I back . I have get some new idea . marjorie this be why you be here ? lee you do not know what I have be do just to get by . marjorie well , you be here now . try to enjoy yourself , Lee . marjorie excuse herself . angle on the bar as Lee gratefully find it . she get she drink and turn , walk through the crowd . she overhear a conversation between tom clancy , 40 famous writer , and a crowd of eager follower . ( continued ) 10 cyefm continued : ( 2 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 6 . 10 tom clancy I do not subscribe to the notion of writer block . follower you never experience it ? tom clancy writer block be a term invent by the write community to justify they laziness . the crowd laugh . tom clancy ( cont ’d ) my success be nothing more than that I have the dedication and stamina to sit and get the work do . it 's simple . follower have Ronald Reagan talk about you do not hurt . well sure . tom clancy Lee pass the conversation , unimpress . lee ( walk by ) jackass . follower who 's that ? Tom clancy shrug , and Lee wander , not know anybody . people hustle by she , have a good time . several young guest be huddle together and Lee eavesdrop . karen you have to read they . as a american . guest well , sure . Lee look around , landing on several older people sit on couch , not talk to anybody . they line the perimeter of the room , sip they drink . they be old wallflower . cyefm 11 final shoot draft 3/13/17 7 . int . hallway - evening 11 Lee walk down the hall that 's decorate with frame photograph , book jacket , sign letter - it 's marjorie 's professional memory Lane . she glance up to assess two framed book jacket . one be killgallen , by Lee Israel and the other be miss tallulah bankhead also by Lee . unhappy with they placement , she quickly swap they out with a couple of frame that be closer to she eye line . 12 int . marjorie 's powder room - evening 12 Lee be snooping in the cabinet and find a drawer fill with almost finish toilet paper roll . a dozen of they at least . weird . she grab the fullest one and drop it into she large bag . she take the bar of guest soap as well . 13 int . marjorie 's apartment - continuous 13 she snake she way through the party and make it to the front door just as marjorie stop she . marjorie that be quick . do you get properly feed ? lee this week . will you take my call ? marjorie ( condescendingly ) sure . we will see . lee I have fascinating project ! I be work on a lot of idea - I just need my agent to call I back . marjorie ( laugh to herself ) well , nobody need a new biography on fanny brice , Lee . we may disagree on what be consider fascinating . she start to walk away . marjorie ( cont ’d ) good night Lee . ( continued ) 13 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 8 . 13 lee ( stop she ) why do you have mostly use toilet paper roll in the drawer of you bathroom ? what ? marjorie lee I just can not figure it out . marjorie you go through my bathroom cabinet ? lee just tell I . I be curious . marjorie so that guest can have a full roll . lee that 's batshit , marjorie . marjorie ( to herself ) you would know ... at the coat check Lee point to a very sophisticated , long wool coat . lee yeah , I lose the ticket , but that 's the one . the coat check guy do not flinch , but hand it to she . coat check guy have a good night , mar ’am . Lee take the beautiful coat with a smirk . 14 int . lee' apartment - later that night 14 Lee sit on she couch , drink scotch , with she new coat sling over the couch . on the tv lillian hellman 's black and white film the little fox play . it 's a scene Lee know by heart , but that do not stop she from enjoy every frame . ( continued ) 14 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 9 . 14 bette Davis be snuffing candle whilst quibbling with she brother Charles Dingle and Carl benton reid . Lee love this . lee ( along with the tv ) there be lot of thing to consider . after all , they be first cousin . ( then answer herself ) well that be not unusual . we grandmother and grandfather be first cousin . ( back again ) yes and look at we ! she remove some appetizer from she purse , shove one into she mouth and offer one to the cat . lee ( cont ’d ) Jersey , here girl ! the cat wander over but do not eat they . Lee be concerned . 15 int . veterinarian 's office - day 15 Lee be at the counter , hold a cat carrier and talk to the assistant rachel . rachel you still have a balance , Ms. Israel . lee but there 's something wrong with she . she 's very old . rachel I be sorry . the doctor tell I to get at least half the balance before we do any test . lee do not you take a hippocratic oath or something ? do not you have to do something ? rachel you owe we eighty two dollar . Lee pull some bill out of she back pocket . lee look , I have get - fourteen dollar . I be sorry . rachel ( continued ) 15 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 Lee walk out of the office . lee unbelievable . 9a . 15 cyefm 16 final shoot draft 3/13/17 10 . ext . crosby STREET booksellers - day 16 Lee enter , wear she steal coat , carry two heavy bag of book . 17 int . crosby STREET booksellers - day 17 glen , a 30 year old nerd and the use book buyer , glance briefly at Lee 's pile of old book on the counter . there be customer wait behind she . glen just this . that 's it ? here . lee I schlep they all the way glen ( dismissive ) I will give you two dollar . I do not want the other . he go to the cash register to pay she . lee come on , man . I do not need much . I just do not want to carry they around . ( beat ) I have get a sick cat and I need the money . please . glen ( rude ) I tell you I do not want the other . there 's people wait . lee you do not have to be so disrespectful . you have actually carry my book here . Glen turn to she , amused . glen and you be ? lee ( irritate ) I be Lee Israel . ( continued ) 17 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 11 . 17 glen oh , Ms. Israel . I do recognize you now . in fact , you latest work be right over there ! he point to a table of book with a sign '' 75 percent off . '' display be several copy of estee lauder : behind the Magic . lee you rude little ape . what have you ever write ? she turn to leave . glen hey , get you garbage off my counter ! he push she book away from he and some fall onto the floor . she scoops they up protectively . 18 int . lee' apartment build - entryway - day 18 Lee enter she building , and upon see andrei , 5as romanian , try to turn around and go right back out , but he call out . andrei ms. israel ! lee hi , andrei . andrei I knock on you door but you never answer . we be go on three month . lee no , I know . I be really sorry about that . I be work on it . andrei I do not want to have to call the management . lee can you cut I a little slack ? it 's be a rough patch . I just lose my job . I think it be ageism . andrei can not you write another book ? ( continued ) 18 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 12 . 18 lee last one be a bit of a calamity . andrei I like you , you have be here longer than I have , and you have always be kind to my mother . just get it to I soon . lee I will . absolutely . thank you . andrei start to walk away . lee ( cont ’d ) but hey , in the meantime , do you think you could get a exterminator in my apartment ? I have get a untenable fly situation . 19 int . lee' apartment - day 19 Lee drink coffee and read the newspaper . she glance briefly at a frame letter on she wall . reluctantly , she go to it , take it from the wall , examine it . it 's a frame letter from Kathryn hepburn . Lee sigh . she know what she have to do , but she do not like it . she take the letter off the wall . 20 ext . twelvetree bookseller - day 20 Lee walk down the street and enter a beautiful shop with first edition book and frame print in the window . 21 int . twelvetree bookseller - day 21 Inside the dark and cozy store , Lee stand before anna , 40 , as she read the Katherine hepburn letter . anna ( read ) Lee , today be to have be the esquire shoot with Spence . difficult day , this . thank you for you sympathy and understanding . ever your , kate . p.s. forgive the splotches . all tear lately . ( then ) such a lovely apology . ( beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) 21 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 13. 21 anna ( cont 'd ) this be very special . why would you part with it ? lee ( beat ) clutter , you know . I be not a very sentimental gal . anna ( appreciatively ) handwritten even . you be the Lee Israel ? lee oh , Jesus . be there another ? anna I have read you biography ! have you ? lee anna you be a wonderful writer . lee thank you . can you remind my publisher ? anna work on anything new ? lee besides my tan ? Anna smile . anna so , how do this letter come about ? lee I write for some magazine a while ago it be go to be a piece on she and Spencer Tracy - but then he die . anna well , she letter usually have the intimacy of a phone book , but this one be really nice . ( beat ) how do one seventy five sound ? lee sound terrific . ( continued ) 21 cyefm continued : ( 2 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 14 . 21 anna if you ever be feel sentimental , you can come visit it ! 22 int . lee' apartment - day 22 she take out a can of cat food and open it . lee I get you the good stuff , you old snob ! she put it in a bowl on the floor , but the cat do not move . lee ( cont ’d ) it 's the fancy feast . 23 ext . julius 's bar - afternoon 23 Jack enter . 24 int . julius 's bar - afternoon 24 Lee sit drink , headphone on . someone take the seat near she but she do not look up . he 's about 50 , queer and charming . he 's jack hock . he get the attention of craig , the bartender . jack good afternoon , darling . can I have a beer ? craig hi Jack , handsome , I do not know , can you ? Jack quickly pull out a twenty and put it on the bar . Craig go to get the beer . Jack recognize lee. jack Lee Israel !? Lee turn and then recoil , never like to have to talk to anyone . she struggle to pull out a name , take off she headphone reluctantly . jack ( cont ’d ) it 's Jack hock ! and the last time I see you we be both pleasantly piss at a horrible book party . be I right ? ( continued ) 24 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 15 . 24 lee it 's flooding back to I . you be friend with Julia jack Steinberg . she 's not a agent anymore . she die . lee she do ? so young . jack or maybe she do not die . maybe she just move to the suburb - I always confuse that two . no , that 's right . she get marry and have twin . lee better to have die . jack indeed. ( excited ) I just come from have my tooth bleach . how do they look ? he smile wide . his tooth be almost too white . lee why would you do that ? jack teeth be a dead give - a- way . okay . lee jack ( beat ) let I buy you a drink . even though you be the posh writer . he signal to the bartender . lee well , thank you . I be try to remember that party you mention . something keep flash in my mind . something that happen but I can not put my finger on it . jack bad shrimp ? ( continued ) 24 cyefm continued : ( 2 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 16 . 24 lee Jack hock , you say ? jack that 's I . the renegade , the rebel . Jack hock . Big cock . he flash he smile . Lee think . lee it will come back to I . jack I will try not to be offended . we have be shit face drunk together more than once , but ... lee my memory be shot . do not take it personally . Craig drop a drink for lee. jack how have life be treat you ? lee I can actually boast that I have be ban from crosby Street bookseller . jack what do you do ? lee I do nothing . people be idiot . jack ( beat ) I be ban from duane reade . ( beat ) all of they . she glare at he . jack ( cont ’d ) I have a little shoplift problem . Lee move she bag to other side of she stool . jack ( cont ’d ) all in the past . but for some reason I have a very memorable mug . ( more ) ( continued ) 24 cyefm continued : ( 3 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 17 . 24 jack ( cont ’d ) now I have to take a bus just to buy shampoo or aspirin or something . ( beat ) I be joke . duane reade 's not the only rodeo in town . lee ( dawn on she ) you piss in the closet ! jack I do what ? lee I remember now . nobody could stop talk about the handsome English gentlemanjack why thank youlee who be so shit - face he mistake the coat closet for the can . you ruin thousand of dollar worth of fur . Jack be catch , unsure how this will go over . well , I - jack but Lee love this story . lee that old ninny do not know what have hit they ! they disgusting fur , all cover with piss . dog be follow they home . I laugh about that for week . Jack start laugh along with lee. jack well I be glad somebody find it amusing . ( then ) a few folk stop talk to I after that night . fuck ‘em . cheer . lee jack ( continued ) 24 cyefm continued : ( 4 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 18. 24 they cheer . lee so , do you work , Jack hock ? jack this and that . mostly that . ( beat ) I happen to have some very nice coke , if you be interested . she look at he , appal . jack ( cont ’d ) Jesus , it 's not like I have it all the time . a boy 's gotta do what a boy 's gotta do . ( beat ) anyway , who be you to judge ? it 's four in the afternoon and you be drunk . lee I be hardly drunk . and it 's not '' anyways , '' it 's just '' anyway . '' jack well keep drink then . the day be young . 25 ext . julius 's bar - night they come out and walk . 25 cyefm 26 final shoot draft 3/13/17 19 . int . subway - night 26 Lee and Jack ride the subway . jack you get out the next stop ? lee ( nodd ) 79th . you ? jack I will get out there . that work . a beat . jack ( cont ’d ) I think I see you in Zabar 's once . you be shouting at someone . lee terrible customer service . be go there for year . jack they have really good bread . they both nod comfortably . a27 ext . glen 's apartment - night a27 a man ( Glen ) come out of a apartment building with a adorable puppy and attaches it to a leash . man come on , Coco . you be such a good girl . Lee stare at he and tap Jack . lee that 's the guy - the guy from crosby Street bookseller ! no ! jack they watch as he affectionately kiss he dog . lee who know he be human . jack you get a paper and pen ? ( continued ) a27 cyefm continued : why ? final shoot draft 3/13/17 19a . a27 lee Lee reach into she bag and give he what he need . he go into the vestibule of the guy 's building and look to be copying name off the buzzer list . 27 ext . upper west side STREET - night 27 they approach Lee 's building . lee this be I . jack Nice place ? lee it use to be nicer . ( beat ) and you ? ( continued ) 27 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 20 . 27 jack ( vague ) oh - a couple block up . she reach out to shake he hand . lee good- bye Jack . this be not unpleasant . jack I will see you tomorrow ? you shall . lee she go into the building . 28 int . lee' lobby - continuous 28 she go inside and after a moment , turn to see he through the glass door , stand there , look kind of lose . after a moment , he walk off . 29 omitted - ( now scene a34 ) 29 cyefm 30 final shoot draft 3/13/17 21. ext . fancy townhouse - day 30 Lee , dress neatly , smooth down she hair and knock on the door . lisa , 20 , answer . she seem put off by Lee 's appearance , let 's she in . Lisa lead Lee inside . lee the employment agency say this be a executive assistant position . lisa you name 's Lee , right ? lee Ms. Israel , if you do not mind . ms. whitman , a wealthy , intimidating woman in she 30 emerge from upstairs . ms. whitman we do first name here . this be Lisa . I be Ms. Whitman . they shake . 31 int . ms. whitman 's townhouse - day 31 in the enormous live room , Lee be hold a beige color bra . ms. whitman go to bendel on fifth . there 's two kind , but both be under wire , 34b . one have lace on the side and the other be plain . get they in apricot . it 's new . if you can not find they ask celeste , she will help you . buy four each . bring that one with you just to make sure . lee you know town shop be just across 86th ? ms. whitman do not matter . and do not take a cab . take the bus or better yet , take the subway . it 's faster . Lisa enter . ( continued ) 31 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 21a . 31 ms . whitman ( cont ’d ) Lisa , fill Lee in on some basic please . ( continued ) 31 cyefm continued : ( 2 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 hi. 22. 31 lisa lee so , what be you job ? ms. whitman that do not concern you . she do everything you do not do . of course . 32 lee int . subway - day 32 Lee be sit on the subway with a bendel bag in she lap . she 's read a book about fanny brice . a little girl ( 7 year old ) be stand in front of she , stare at she . Lee try to ignore she but eventually look up at the kid . they stare at each other . little girl be you a man ? lee be you a gargoyle ? the startled mother yank at she daughter 's arm and pull she away . Lee go back to she book . 33 int . ms. whitman 's apartment - corridor - same day 33 Lisa be show Lee how to record thing in a log book . lisa so you have to account for how you spend you time each day . if you make a phone call for she , write it here . if you make a phone call for yourself , write it there . lee be this for real ? lisa what do you mean ? lee everything I do , I write down ? yes . lisa ( continued ) 33 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 23. 33 lee go to the bathroom ? yes . lisa ( beat ) you get pay at the end of each day , in cash . Lovely . lee Lisa go to a drawer in the corridor and take out two twenty dollar bill . lisa ( off Lee 's disappointed face ) Ms. Whitman pay what she think be fair , consider it 's under the table . a34 ext . STREET outside of crosby STREET booksellers - day a34 across the street , Lee stand in a phone booth as Jack hand she the sheet of paper from the night before , with the list of name from the buzzer . she put in a quarter and dial . as Lee speak , they watch the front of the store . lee ( in thick Long Island accent ) hello , I be look for the tall guy , the book buyer , Glen . oh , hello , thank god ! this be lillian schuster from the fourth floor . there 's a emergency ! the building 's on fire . we be all outside ! oh my god it 's horrible !... no , they be not let we back in ! you better come over and get you dog ! I see flame come out of you window right now ! I think I hear the poor thing squealing ! they watch as Glen frantically trip out of the store and run up the street . they crack up , gratify . jack that be very enjoyable . lee thoroughly . ( continued ) a34 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 23a . a34 jack you do such a good voice ! Lee reach into she pocket . lee I have get no jingle in my jeans . you get a token ? put out , Jack look through he change . 34 int . veterinarian 's office - waiting room - day 34 Lee sit with other pet owner in the wait room . a young girl be with she dog . young girl ( to a Lady with cat carrier ) she 's so cute ! well -dress lady unless she 's shredd the side of my sofa . young girl oh , I guess that 's not good . old man cat . not for I . Lee lean over and pet the Old man 's old dog . lee he 's a good boy , be not he ? the best . old man well-dressed lady he look sick . ( continued ) 34 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 24 . 34 old man just need a shot . he could use a bath but he do not like it . well -dress lady Pearl here be not go to like get declaw but it 's go to happen anyway . lee it 's cruel to de - claw you cat . Excuse I ? well-dressed lady lee it 's like walk on glass for the rest of they life . young girl I have not hear that . well -dress lady well , tell that to my ten thousand dollar ligne roset . lee I would , except it 's a object . the receptionist , Rachel , call out . rachel Jersey Israel ? Lee get up and go to the counter . rachel ( cont ’d ) hi , Ms. Israel . be you be able to pay for the test ? lee that 's why I be here . ( beat ) you should not de -claw . rachel oh , it 's harmless . really . Lee take a deep breath . 35 int . ms. whitman 's bedroom - another day 35 Lee be write a letter by hand for Ms. Whitman while she dictate from she bed . ( continued ) 35 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 25 . 35 ms . whitman the event be clearly a success and I could not have succeed without you . you help and advice have be very generous and lee be you sure you want to use success two time ? Excuse I ? ms . whitman lee ( read ) ' clearly a success and succeed . 's ms. whitman I be sorry , do I ask you for advice ? lee I just think ms . whitman I have a Masters degree in English , Lee . lee and I be a publish author , Ms. Whitman . Whitman sigh deeply , think she 's be mock . ms. whitman can we continue , please ? of course . lee ms . whitman now I lose my train of think . 36 int . ms. whitman 's library - later that day 36 Lee be at the large bookshelf organize and dusting the book . surprise , she find she own book miss tallulah bankhead , and pull it out . Lisa enter the room . lisa Ms. Whitman do not like anyone touch the book . ( continued ) 36 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 26 . 36 lee how can I possibly organize and clean they if I can not touch they ? lisa I mean , you know what I mean . Ms. Whitman enter . ms. whitman Lee , I need you to balance Natalie 's checkbook . lee you teenager . ms. whitman yes , I have open a account for she . she need to learn responsibility . lee by I balance she checkbook ? Ms. Whitman look at she , coldly consider she . ms. whitman if you want to borrow a book , simply ask before handle it . lee I mention that I be a publish author . this be my book . Ms. Whitman inhale . ms. whitman I get the sense you be not very happy here . I be giddy . lee ms . whitman you be sarcastic and impolite . ( beat , leave ) you will be pay for you time here . lee if you can call it pay . 37 ext . fancy townhouse - day Lisa hand Lee two twenty and then slam the door . 37 cyefm 38 final shoot draft 3/13/17 27 . int . fancy townhouse - day 38 Ms. Whitman be hold the Tallulah bankhead book , look with shock at Lee 's photo on the back . 39 int . ms. whitman 's apartment - corridor - continuous 39 Lisa silently read Lee 's log , mouth agape . 1:45 - 1:48 . take a dump and scratch my cunt . 3:22 - 3:26 . get fire . 3:27-3:28 take another dump . forget to flush . oops. 40 int . julius 's bar - afternoon 40 Lee enter the bar , look around , and see Jack a few stool away . she sit away from he . jack I ring you and you do not ring I back . should I take it personally ? lee why would not you ? jack I have never get out of bed . lee and lucky for I , you do . she 's somewhat entertained by he , in spite of herself . jack I be come to sit next to you because I be not very good at social cue . he move next to she and Lee speak to Craig , the bartender . lee scotch , water , Craig . and I will buy he next one . craig you get it . jack oh , thing be look up ! lee get shit -canne again . ( continued ) 40 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 28. 40 jack that be exactly the reason I do not get a job . ( beat ) you be a successful writer . be not you write a book ? lee on fanny brice . who ? jack lee just the great vaudeville comedian of she time . you sure you be a fag ? a41 ext . lincoln CENTER library - day a41 Lee cross into the large library . 41 int . lincoln CENTER library - day 41 the table be cover with article and book . Lee be take note on a pad . she separate some papers and find two typed letter signed by fanny brice . her eye widen . she look around - to let someone know the letter do not belong here - and then she change she mind . she read they with a kind of secret thrill . she glance around the room , relieved that no one be look she way . quickly , she drop the letter into she canvas bag . 42 int . twelvetree bookseller - day 42 Anna greet Lee as she enter the shop . anna oh , hi Lee . Nice to see you again . lee you as well . anna how have you be ? ( continued ) 42 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 29 . 42 lee well , I have discover that my cousin Sydney be in possession of this delightful bonne bouche . I think you might be interested in it . she hand she one of the fanny brice letter , protect in plastic . anna fanny brice . one of my favorite . lee ( finally ! ) I have be work on a new biography on she . anna what a funny coincidence then , that you cousin have this ! ( beat ) well , she 's much more you style than estee lauder . lee right ? thank you . anna do not she say '' wrong be for other people . '' ? I love that . lee ( impressed ) she do . Anna smile and look to the letter . lee ( cont ’d ) well , what do you think ? anna I believe I could sell this . ( beat ) I could offer you seventy five . oh. lee ( disappointed ) anna I could pay more for better content . it 's a bit bland , be all . ( continued ) 42 cyefm continued : ( 2 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 30 . 42 lee ( glance at the letter ) true . Anna go to write a check . lee ( cont ’d ) would you be able to pay cash ? anna let I see if I have enough . ( she check a drawer ) I be glad to hear you be write another book ! I will be the first to buy it . do you hear Tom clancy be go to get pay 3 million dollar to write more rightwing macho bullshit ? what be the state of the literary world ? lee be you kid I ? that blowhard be get pay three million dollar ? Anna be take aback by Lee 's reaction . lee ( cont ’d ) everyone think they can be a writer , I guess . oh to be a white male , who do not know he 's full of crap , huh ? anna oh - I totally agree . why do we celebrate the famous over the actual great writer of we day ? the culture be die . Lee be strike by how Anna be say exactly what she feel . lee my sentiment exactly . anna ( beat ) I have try to write a little . short storey . and I know better than to presume they be any good . ( beat ) I can not believe I just admit that ! I be sure they be terrible . ( continued ) 42 cyefm continued : ( 3 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 31 . 42 lee maybe they be , maybe they be not . ( beat ) let I take a look . really ? anna lee I will be honest . anna unfortunately , I believe you ! 43 int . marjorie 's office - later that day 43 Lee barge into marjorie 's office , leave the door open . lee I hear they get Tom clancy three million dollar to write some more red-bait propaganda ? marjorie Lee - I have have too long a morning already for this . lee he 's a fraud . marjorie what be you point ? lee he be drink sherry at you party . no self - respect writer would drink sherry . marjorie oh lord , lee. lee I need a advance for my fanny brice book . I need you to get I ten thousand dollar . I be month behind in my rent and my cat be sick and be not that why I have a agent ? marjorie ( lose she cool ) I can not get you a advance like that , Lee . I just can not . ( continued ) 43 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 32 . 43 lee give I one reason why that cocky shit would get three million dollar and you can not get I ten thousand ? be you that bad of a agent ? marjorie ( call to she assistant in the adjoin room ) Toni , can you please close the door ? Ms. Israel and I have some sensitive business to discuss . the door close behind lee. lee I have hate for she to hear a grow up conversation . marjorie I will give you three reason . number one Tom clancy 's famous . lee well here we go . marjorie I can not get a advance for you because nobody have ever hear of you - you have write some successful biography , sure , and you disappear behind you subject , but that mean nobody know who you be ! lee because I do my job ! marjorie number two - Tom clancy go on every radio show , on Larry King , to every book signing and he play the game , he hobnob . meanwhile , you have burn every bridge I have make for you . you be impossible to work with and everybody know it . lee see , this feel beside the point . if I be a good writermarjorie number three - nobody want a book about fanny brice . ( more ) ( continued ) 43 cyefm continued : ( 2 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 33. 43 marjorie ( cont 'd ) there 's nothing new and sexy about fanny brice . nobody will give you a ten dollar advance for a book about fanny brice ! Lee be shocked , but also kind of impressed . she sit . lee I have a book on the New York Times best seller list . that have to count for something . marjorie I have know you a long time , Lee . it hurt I to have to say this all to you . lee tell I what to do , then , marjorie . I have to do something . I will take anything ! Magazine piece , crackerbox copy . I be not try to get rich here , I be just try to survive . marjorie the way I see it you have two optionseither you become a nicer person , who get along with other . you put on a clean shirt , you stop drink , you say '' please '' and '' thank you '' lee oh you have get to be fuck kid memarjorie which do not seem like it 's go to happen . or - you take the time to become a name that people know , and then maybe , maybe I will be able to get you pay again . lee how the hell be I suppose to do that ? I be a 51 year old woman who like cat more than people . that 's not '' hot and sexy '' , as you have say . marjorie write you book . something for you , in you voice . lee ( scoffing ) well - ( continued ) 43 cyefm continued : ( 3 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 34 . 43 marjorie you have be say you be go to do it for ten year . lee well , I would love to , that sound delightful marjorie , but I need money yesterday . I have to pay my bill . we do not all have ex-husband who leave we a classic six on the park . marjorie shake she head , offended and exhaust . marjorie you can be a asshole if you be famous . you can not be unknown and be such a bitch , lee. ( then ) nobody be go to pay for the writer Lee Israel right now . so I suggest you find another way to make you live . Lee think about this . 44 int . lee' apartment - day 44 Lee sit in front of she typewriter . she stare at the blank page , contemplate . she type : '' this be I sit down to fuck write '' . and stop . she glance at the other fanny brice letter sit nearby , taunting she . she pick up the fanny brice letter and compare the typeface . it match . she zip the sheet from the typewriter and roll the fanny brice letter into it . she scroll down and add a p.s. p.s. I have a new grandkid , and he get my old nose . do I have to leave he a extra something for repair ? she smile , and then heartily laugh to herself . it 's a good joke . 45 int . twelvetree bookseller - day 45 Anna and Lee be sit in the back of the store . Anna be laugh , read the letter . she 's not aware of Lee 's anxiety . anna who write like that ? only fanny brice , right ? ( continued ) 45 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 35 . lee ( pleased with herself ) it 's a good one , be not it ? anna oh , my father would enjoy this . he relish a good self - depreciate joke . ( beat ) this be he store . oh ? lee anna for forty year . he pass away . lee and now it 's yours . anna yup . I kind of grow up in here . lee it 's very beautiful . anna a few of the shop be hang on . but barne and Noble be kill we . it 's probably good he 's not around to see it . he hate chain store . his customer be very loyal , though . they would sit right here and drink scotch together . she reach into a drawer and remove a bottle of scotch . then run off and return with two glass . yes ? indeed . anna ( cont ’d ) lee Anna pour and they toast . anna I can definitely sell this one for a lot more . I mean , the p.s. make it priceless ! ( beat ) how 's three fifty ? 45 cyefm 46 final shoot draft 3/13/17 36 . int . veterinarian 's office - day 46 Rachel have laid out three bottle of prescription pill in front of lee. rachel one of each , two time a day , in she food . the infection will probably go away in a day or two , but keep give she the pill , they will help stabilize she . 47 int . lee' apartment build hallway - night 47 Lee be hand andrei cash in he doorway . andrei keep it come , Ms. Israel . I do not want to be the bad guy . lee and here . you mother need milk . she give andrei a grocery bag . adina appear . adina thank you , Ms. Israel . lee you be very welcome . you hair look good today . oh , no . adina andrei you still have insect problem ? lee it 's awful . Dead fly everywhere ! andrei I be go to take care of it . 48 int . julius 's bar - night 48 Lee and Jack be drunk , spend the last of she earning . jack so what do you do this time ? ( off she confusion ) I be assume you get sack from yet another tedious job ? be that not why we be drink ? ( continued ) 48 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 37 . 48 lee this be a celebratory session of drink , not a wallowing one . jack it 's hard to tell the difference with you . no offense . Lee smirk . lee I have figure out a way to pay my bill without shovel shit . it 's a good feel . jack well , chin-chin ! ( he lift he glass ) you go to tell I how ? Lee smile to herself . lee you have be too scandalize . jack oh my ! you clearly do not know I well . lee no . some thing be better keep to oneself . ( then ) even if it be sort of brilliant . jack oh come on , spill ! Lee look around . she can not keep it inside any longer . lee alright fine , can you keep a secret ? jack I have no one to tell . all my friend be dead . this register on Lee for a moment , then pass . lee quite by accident , I have find myself in a rather criminal position . Jack perk up . ( continued ) 48 cyefm continued : ( 2 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 38 . 48 jack I can not fathom what crime you be possibly commit . except a crime of fashion , of course . lee I have be embellish document , if you will . jack ( intrigue , conspiratorially ) be you forging check ? lee ( excited , topping he ) no. literary letter ! from famous writer . Jack be disappointed . jack so ... not check ? not money ? just letter ? lee ( frustrated ) you do not understand the elite world of collectable literary artifact . jack I suppose I do not. ( sarcastically ) how thrill . you be forging piece of paper that go where ? library ? lee I sell they to collector . jack how much be you get for they ? lee I should not have tell you . what a waste of a secret . I could have tell a rock and get a better response . jack what if you get catch ? lee I can not get catch . fool get catch . ( continued ) 48 cyefm continued : ( 3 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 39 . 48 jack I have hear that before ! ( then ) be I the first person you have tell ? lee you be not the only one without friend . jack do not you have a girlfriend or something ? some bit of fluff ? some lovely hanger - on ? lee that would be you . jack I remember you have someone . lee we break up . she be a pain in my ass . why ? jack lee she want thing . jack like what ? money ? lee she want I to listen to all she problem , and be closer with she friend . thing like that . jack the nerve . ( then ) I have not be in a relationship for so long . it 's really hard to meet someone at my age . I be lose my hair . he pull back he hair to show she where it 's recede . lee I do not think that 's the reason . jack ( beat ) I be think about get my eye do . he turn to she , square on . ( continued ) 48 cyefm continued : ( 4 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 should I ? 40 . 48 jack ( cont ’d ) lee ( deadpan ) should I ? they both stare at each other 's face . ( beat ) no point . asshole . 49 jack lee int . antiquarian book fair - day 49 a large banner read '' p.s.3 greenwich village antiquarian book fair '' Lee and Jack pass under it . jack oh god , I hope they serve booze . lee ( annoyed ) they most certainly do not serve booze . but maybe you can find some coke . Lee and Jack wander around the pack , noisy event , take it all in . dealer at table and dozen of people shopping . crazy people , normal people , all kind . jack you be go to figure who to forge ? lee I do not forge . I write a couple of hot sentence . ( beat ) we be people watch . jack ( disbely ) yeah , right . Jack be draw to a table cover in signed head shot of movie star . he pick up a photo of young laurence olivier . jack ( cont ’d ) oh my god - I love he . ( continued ) 49 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 41 . 49 lee maybe he 's available . jack be not he dead ? he have be very old by now . Lee glare at he . jack ( cont ’d ) do not look at I like that . so I do not keep up . so what . they approach a table name harry collectible . Jack lift a sign autograph and look at the vendor , harry . jack ( cont ’d ) how much be this ? harry two hundred . jack how do you know he really sign it ? harry ( defensive ) it 's authenticate . by whom . lee harry ( annoyed ) by a authenticator . lee who authenticate the authenticator ? Harry turn away to another customer . Lee and Jack wander away , laugh . Lee wander and Jack follow , collect the business card off the table that sell sign letter . she smile at the vendor , peruse they ware . angle on the argosy book shop table Lee and Jack be look over the sign letter and autograph first edition . a woman , nell , be the vendor . ( continued ) 49 cyefm continued : ( 2 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 42 . 49 nell be you look for anyone in particular ? lee not really . you have a wonderful collection . Lee be look at a letter by noel coward . nell such a hoot , be not he ? brilliant . lee nell oh , take a look at this beauty . I just get a hold of this one - dorothy parker . she hand Lee a frame letter by dorothy parker . Lee read . lee I be bear thirty year too late . nell I feel the same way . jack how much be that ? lee we be not buy today . just look . nell no problem . I be ask six hundred . wow . jack Lee blanch , embarrassed by he . she glance down at the letter again . nell just in case you be tempt , make sure you do you homework . not all of the other dealer be as discern as we be . oh ? lee ( continued ) 49 cyefm continued : ( 3 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 43. 49 nell some care more than other about get the real thing . lee just so we know , who should we be look out for ? nell look around and point to a man , 40 , some distance away . he stand behind a table that have many customer . nell that one . not sure , but I have stay away from he . lee well , thank you so much for the advice . take care . nell nell move off to help someone else and they walk on . lee you need to keep you mouth shut . jack what do I do ? 50 int . lee' apartment build - lobby - afternoon 50 she and Jack enter she building and find andrei and the exterminator . andrei oh , good . he just do the third floor . let 's go to you place . lee finally . this fly be make I crazy . 51 ext . lee' apartment door - moment later 51 Lee unlock she front door and walk inside . Jack , andrei and the exterminator follow behind . whoa ! exterminator andrei and the exterminator immediately turn around and walk out . Jack stand next to Lee , freeze . ( continued ) 51 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 44 . 51 exterminator ( cont ’d ) I be not go in there . it smell horrible . he look around at the messy place . dirty dish , garbage , newspaper , and apparently , a terrible smell . lee what ? let I show you the dead fly . they be everywhere ! exterminator sorry , lady . I will come back when it 's clean up . andrei what 's go on in there ? lee nothing ! I will clean up . they walk away . Jack look at Lee with pity . she 's humiliate , but do not understand the problem . jack ( gently ) it smell very bad . lee you think I be deaf ? I hear they . Jesus . I will do a little straighten ! she shut the door on he , turn around and survey the place . jack ( o.s. ) ( through the door ) you want I to help you ? come on , I will help you . 52 int . lee' bedroom - continuous Lee crouch down and look under she bed . jack it 's in here . there , along with a million dust bunny , be a month 's worth of cat shit . 52 cyefm 53 final shoot draft 3/13/17 45 . int . lee' bedroom - afternoon 53 Lee be drag a broom across the cat shit . Jack hold a garbage bag open and she dump it all in . 54 int . lee' kitchen - later 54 drink wine , she wash dish and wipe dead fly onto she sponge . Jack sweep the live room . 55 omitted 55 56 int . lee' bedroom - continuous 56 a drunk Lee sit on she bed on the phone . hello ? marie 's voice lee hello ? Elaine ? marie 's voice who be this ? lee who be this ? marie 's voice you call I . lee what 's you name ? marie 's voice what 's you name ? lee Harrison Ford ! ( alt : Elaine stritch ) who the hell be you ? Lee slam down the phone . Jack appear in the doorway eat take - out fry chicken . she give he a mischievous look and she pick up the phone again . she dial . lee ( cont ’d ) hello , be marjorie there ? it 's Lee Israel . ( continued ) 56 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 46 . 56 marjorie 's assistant 's voice I be sorry , she 's unavailable right now . lee I see . will you leave word that I call ? thank you . she hang up and then dial again . hello ? marjorie 's assistant 's voice lee ( in different voice ) good evening , I have nora ephron . marjorie 's assistant 's voice certainly . one moment . marjorie 's voice nora , hello ! lee ( in nora 's voice ) be this a good time ? marjorie 's voice of course . so wonderful to hear from you ! lee ( in she own voice ) star-fucker ! be that one word or two ? Lee slam down the phone . jack you sure you should be do that ? lee life 's short . jack you be so good ! you should be on vaudeville ! she smirk at he . jack ( cont ’d ) who 's Elaine ? lee not you business . ( continued ) 56 cyefm continued : ( 2 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 jack who be you go to call now ? 46a . 56 cyefm 57 final shoot draft 3/13/17 47 . ext . vacuum cleaner store - day 57 walk down the street and refer to a slip of paper with a address scribble , Lee find what she 's search for : a shop full of junk and old typewriter in the window . 58 int . lee' apartment - day book on Noel coward cover the table . he biography and take note . 59 58 Lee be read one of int . lee' apartment - later 59 she shuffles through some of she very old notebook and box of blank stationary . for once she 's glad she do not throw anything away . please , she 's unearth some very old , yellow type paper . 60 int . lee' apartment - later at she desk , Lee insert the sheet of paper into one of the newly purchase typewriter and roll it in . she open a nearby book for reference . it contain a reprint of a Noel coward letter . she measure the letter carefully and how he space he word . lee ( count out loud ) one two three four five space , fifteen space indent . she turn to the typewriter and pause . then she thoughtfully begin to type on the blank sheet . lee' voice over my dear billy , I fear I must decline you invitation as this weekend herald the arrival of marlene . Lee smile for the first time in a long time . lee' voice the canny old kraut remain one of my most cherish friend , despite she predisposition to whining ad nauseam about she ageing process , as though she be the first gorgeous lady undone by Father time ... 60 cyefm 61 final shoot draft 3/13/17 48. int . lee' apartment - another day 61 we hear Lee 's voice as she attempt to trace Noel coward 's signature . lee' voice dear sidney , I have no idea you know dottie parker . a tragic loss but she have be die for decade . whether it be drink or chemistry or character , she be unable after a time to write anything and that make she sere and infinitely pathetic . my own friend be drop like fly and I be thankful of late when they live through lunch . have a difficult time trace , she try to simply copy it but it look shaky . she look around she place and take a interest in she ancient tv set . 62 int . lee' apartment - moment later 62 she be disembowel it . 63 int . lee' apartment - just after 63 Lee have place the shell of the tv over a small lamp with no shade . the bare bulb illuminate the screen and make for a perfect light box . Lee place the original signature in the book on the screen and then she own letter . easily and with flourish , she forges Noel coward . it appear completely genuine . she sign another letter and stare at she work . 64 int . subway - day 64 Lee sit on the subway , anxiously hold a old brief case . she 's dress up a bit . 65 int . armada book shop - day 65 Lee enter the charming store . the owner paul , 60 's and nerdy , turn to see she . welcome . paul ( continued ) 65 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 49 . 65 lee good afternoon . I be aware that you sell memorabilia and first edition , as well as type letter sign ? paul yes , all of it . what can I do for you ? she remove the coward letter from she briefcase , encase in a plastic sheath . lee would you be interested in this ? Paul take the letter and read they , chuckle . paul this be wonderful ! yes , I have be very interested . lee I have a cousin who be a collector . he ask I to sell some of he treasure so he can afford he early bird special in Palm Beach . paul hard to find letter that have a real taste of the author 's personality , but this do just that ! Lee can not help but smile . lee yes , I think so myself . very clever man . paul I can give you two hundred for they . how do that sound ? lee oh , I be sorry . I be afraid I could get at least double that elsewhere . paul ( impressed ) okay . you be probably right . name you price . lee I think four hundred would be fair . ( continued ) 65 cyefm continued : ( 2 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 ( beat ) okay . 50 . 65 paul Paul start to write out a check . lee would you happen to have cash ? my cousin close out he account - it 's complicated . paul I think I have get it . he hand she the cash . paul ( cont ’d ) please , anything else you come across bring it in . I have high - end client that come in frequently . or I call they if I have something I know they will like . lee sure thing . paul in fact , I have a buyer who actually know Mr. coward . he 's go to love this ! lee really ? ( tense ) wonderful . a66 ext . upper east side STREET - day a66 Lee walk with purpose , feel the fresh victory of she recent sale . 66 ext . coffee shop - day 66 Lee enter . 67 int . coffee shop - continuous 67 Lee meet Jack - who look tired and dishevel . she join he in a booth and hand he a copy of one the letter she just sell . lee you be look at one month 's rent . Jack read a bit of the letter and look at she , confuse . ( continued ) 67 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 50a . 67 jack who 's marlene ? ( continued ) 67 cyefm continued : ( 2 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 51 . 67 lee ( pronounce correctly ) marlene ! why be I even show this to you . she snatch it back , disgust . jack how much do you get ?! lee four hundred for two . jack a little more than I just make . what ? lee jack I sell a little coke . lee ( appal ) right here ? to whom !? jack some fool . it be mostly laxative . he just leave . lee do I a favor . keep I out of , and away from you seedy dealing . jack that 's funny , come from a woman who just sell someone a piece of paper for four hundred dollar . lee a piece of paper ? it be literary genius , you dope . he could not believe how witty they be . the waiter with a name tag ( kurt ) come up . kurt ( flirt ) hello lady . lee I resent that . ( continued ) 67 cyefm continued : ( 3 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 52 . 67 jack ( flirt back ) be the cinnamon roll sweet , or too sweet ? kurt it 's perfect . if you do not like it , I will eat it . lee I will have coffee . kurt be about to leave . jack and can you warm it up ? kurt of course I can . lee ( beat ) how be you go to eat it with he dick in you mouth ? jack first thing first . lee you be shameless . jack he start it . ( excited ) so , now we both have some money . what should we do ? lee what do you mean ? jack gamble ? drink ? shop ? I do not suppose you dance ? lee unlike you , I actually try to put my money to good use . like buy food and secure shelter . jack I just think we could do something . life be dreary . ( continued ) 67 cyefm continued : ( 4 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 53. 67 lee I know what we can do that will be fun . jack do you just say ' fun ? 's a68 omitted a68 68 int . aunt eleanor's cat cafe - moment later 68 Lee sit in the middle of the floor , thirty cat surround she on scratch post and cat tree and elaborate cat house . it 's either someone 's idea of heaven or someone 's idea of Hell . Jack stand back , as a employee , priscilla 20 , wait by the door . jack you have get to be kid I . this be you answer to dreary priscilla have a good cuddle . priscilla leave , close the door . Lee , who have be here before , start to say hello to different cat as they jump down and greet she . she sit on the carpet and they climb on she . jack a dyke who like cat . how original . lee sit down . you allergic ? jack not physically . lee then sit down . Jack do as he 's tell . reluctant at first , the cat go to he and he blanch . slowly , he become comfortable and pet they . jack do they know you ? lee no . but I have be come here for year . ( beat ) do not spread it around . ( continued ) 68 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 54 . 68 jack I will not . I have be too embarrassed for you . ( whisper ) I hate cat ! lee I have only bring one other person here . it be kind of we '' thing . '' jack oh ... Elaine ? lee she pick out Jersey for I and bring she home . jack you two stay in touch ? lee ( beat ) I think she might be live with someone else . jack I think you dumped she . it 's how you make it sound , anyway . lee well , it be messy . I do not know . ( beat ) I be not exactly the picture of mental health , if you have not notice . jack ( teasing ) what on earth could you be refer to ? Lee put she face close to a cat on the floor . jack ( cont ’d ) okay I have see you idea of celebration . tonight can I show you mine ? please ? Lee be wary . 69 int . eighty - EIGHT 's piano bar - night 69 Lee and Jack enter the upscale gay piano bar , which be drip with history . they head to a small round table . at the piano , be a true performer , one of the last of she breed , who sing the classic , with witty reparte between song . she 's sing '' goodnight lady '' . ( continued ) 69 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 55 . 69 jack there be not go - go dancer , but I love this place . Lee take it all in , as they settle in to a small table . Jack can not read if Lee hate this place or not . jack ( cont ’d ) we do not have to stay long . can we just have one drink though ? lee no. I like it . it 's good . Jack be pleased . Lee let herself get sweep away by the music , which continue over the next scene . jack scotch and soda ? Lee nod . he get up to get they drink . from the bar he look back and see Lee sway just barely to the music . she close she eye , enjoy this moment . he smile to himself . 70 int . twelvetree bookseller - day 70 Lee be chat with Anna as she look over a freshly type Noel coward letter . they be sit at the table drink scotch . a few customer browse the shop . anna my father be a huge Noel coward fan . I can practically hear he voice . it 's so he . lee ( point to the letter ) this line here be especially clever , do not you think ? anna it 's wonderful . I be especially fond of he write . dorothy parker as well . caustic wit , you know ? lee caustic wit be my religion . anna I can not pull it off , but I admire that who can . you certainly can . ( continued ) 70 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 56 . 70 lee do not help too well in the relationship department . anna ah. I be sure that 's not true . ( beat ) you have family ? lee what do you mean ? anna ( laugh ) as in relative . lee no , actually . anna that 's too bad . lee Relationships be complicated . I generally try to avoid they . anna be it possible ? lee if you work at it . anna okay . shall we settle up ? they walk to the counter . a curious customer , charle , come over . charle what be you buy ? Anna proudly show the letter . charle ( cont ’d ) be this real ? Anna look to lee. lee I should say so ! charle to think he pen touch this paper . ( continued ) 70 cyefm continued : ( 2 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 57 . 70 he read the letter . charle ( cont ’d ) a gem . ( to Lee ) give she a good price . Lee try to hide she pleasure . the man wander off to browse . anna ( consider ) Three hundred ? terrific . lee Anna go to the drawer . anna I know . Cash . she hand Lee the money and write out a receipt . anna ( cont ’d ) this have my number - I mean the store 's number ( shy ) if you be ever in the neighborhood and you know , want to get a drink or a coffee sometime . lee sound good . I would like that . 71 int . a printer - day 71 the young clerk hold up a piece of stationary monogramm dorothy parker , along with a Hollywood address . he hand it to lee. clerk come out well , do not you think ? Lovely . lee clerk you do not want a watermark , right ? lee correct . I find they tacky . ( continued ) 71 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 58. 71 clerk okay , miss parker , that will be thirty five fifty . she look up , startle , then smile . she reach for she purse . 72 int . lee' apartment - day 72 Lee be write on a typewriter label '' dorothy parker , '' when the phone ring . place around the room be typewriter label '' noel coward , '' '' edna ferber , '' '' tennessee william . '' hello ? lee male voice be Lee Israel there ? lee this be she . male voice this be Alan Schmidt from East Village book . I hear you have a collection of some impressive letter and I be hope I could get a look . lee ( guard ) where do you work ? male voice I own East Village book . you think you might have any Louise brook ? I get a lot of old timer around here who collect a strange variety of memorabilia . but I get no merchandise . lee Louise brook ... I will have to go through what I have . male voice great . come by as soon as you do . they hang up . strange phone call . after a beat , she write louise brooks on a label and then return to she write . lee' voice dear joshua -- Alan tell I to write and apologize . I have a hangover that be a real museum piece ; ( more ) ( continued ) 72 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 59 . 72 lee 's voice ( cont 'd ) I be sure that I must have say something terrible . to save I this kind of exertion in the future , I be think of have little letter runoff , say : ' can you ever forgive I ? dorothy . 's - but until I do that : can you ever forgive I ? dorothy . we see more label typewriter : '' fanny brice '' and '' marlene dietrich . '' Lee beam as she type , pleased with herself . 73 int . restaurant - night 73 Anna and Lee be sit at a small table , chat and drink . Anna lift she drink to toast lee. anna to fanny brice , Noel coward , and dorothy parker ! May they brilliance live on ! they clink and drink . anna ( cont ’d ) and to Lee . a brilliant writer who happen to still be alive ! lee that 's negotiable . anna ( beat ) would not it be incredible if once you have pass on , people be sell you letter ? lee why on earth would I want that ? anna because . most of we mortal just disappear . this way - you still kind of exist . lee when I die - who care . as long as someone feed my cat . anna I will feed you cat . ( continued ) 73 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 thank you . 60 . 73 lee Anna hand she a napkin and find a pen . anna I want to be the first . come on . immortalize yourself . lee be you serious ? anna just sign it . Lee pick up the pen . anna ( cont ’d ) ( beat ) gosh , call a hangover a museum piece . brilliant ! Lee freeze , do she mean she ? anna ( cont ’d ) oh , I wish I could have meet dorothy parker . relief . lee it 's hard find someone who know who she be . Lee sign the napkin and Anna take it . anna ( read ) humphrey bogart ? you be no fun . lee so I have be tell . anna have you ever write about yourself ? lee do not think I have find myself that interesting . anna I would . you should . ( continued ) 73 cyefm continued : ( 2 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 61 . 73 lee you be very flatter , Anna . Anna reach into she bag and pull out a envelope . anna I can not believe I be do this , but here 's one of my storey . lee you bring it with you . anna I be a idiot , I know . lee I will give it a read . anna I have only take a couple of class so lee do not worry about it . I be honore . they look down at the menus and Anna put on a pair of glass . lee ( cont ’d ) you wear glass . anna only recently . lee I like they . they look good on you . anna I be not sure about the frame . lee they be nice . anna I use to have perfect vision . ( smile ) do not you love get older and watch you part - fall apart ! lee you be too young . ( continued ) 73 cyefm continued : ( 3 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 62. 73 anna hardly . I really think I have have more accomplish by this time in my life . lee that 's why you need to drink more alcohol . ( beat ) I think the shop be yours . anna yes , I inherite it . Truth be tell , it 's more pressure than I think . oh ? lee anna my father take a lot of pride in it . almost too much ! he be very choosy and almost snobbish about he inventory . I try to live up to that - run it how he would run it . silence . Lee have become more uncomfortable . she drink quickly . anna ( cont ’d ) so , you have be here before ? lee couple of time . anna where do you grow up ? lee woodside , queen . my parent live in Florida , may they rest in peace . anna I think you do not have family . lee I also have a ridiculous brother in New Jersey . you ? anna I be a only child . I be close with a few of my cousin , though . lee oh , I have some cousin , I think . ( continued ) 73 cyefm continued : ( 4 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 63. 73 anna not into the family thing ? lee I like my alone time . anna not every second though . you be here with I right now ! lee hey . I always need a drink buddy . but Anna 's not sure if she like that . 74 ext . restaurant - night 74 they come out of the restaurant . anna this be fun . I think I be a little tipsy . be you ? lee take a lot more than that . anna ( laugh ) oh no . have I embarrassed myself ? ( beat ) how do dorothy say it ? '' can you ever forgive I ? '' Anna look at Lee , and there 's a long silence . anna ( cont ’d ) what ? do I say something wrong ? Lee , guilty , have a hard time look at she . lee no , no . you do not do anything wrong . oh. good ! anna lee well , this be very nice . anna ( shy ) it be . so nice to make a new friend . ( continued ) 74 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 indeed . 64 . 74 lee awkwardly , they hug . lee ( cont ’d ) ( business like ) speak soon ? ( beat ) and when I have read you story , I will let you know . I be just pretty busy this day so I might not get to it right away . anna ( disappointed ) oh , that 's okay . ( beat ) good-night . lee good-night . Lee turn and walk away . Anna stay there a second , tipsy and confuse . 75 int . lee' bedroom - night 75 she lie in bed ( next to Jersey ) read . after a moment she pull Anna 's story from she bag and start to read it . she can not do it . she toss it and flip off the light . 76 int . lee' live room - middle of the night 76 have be awaken by bang on the door , Lee run to it . she look through the peephole and see Jack with a bleed lip and a bruise face . 77 int . lee' bathroom - night 77 Jack sit on the toilet with a washcloth on he face while Lee search the medicine cabinet . jack you need a new shower curtain , you know . lee you want to discuss decorate with I ? who beat you up ? ( continued ) 77 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 65 . 77 jack it 's my own fault . ( beat ) I do not have enough money and I do not know until after - until it be too late . lee I be not even go to try and understand that . jack I use to get away with so much . do you think it will scar ? she find the hydrogen peroxide and attend to he wound . she stare at he . jack ( cont ’d ) I could not find my key , I could not get into my apartment . ( beat ) what ? lee and where be say apartment ? jack it be on 92nd . and then it be on 96th . and then ... Lee leave the room . lee you can sleep on my couch . he smile , grateful . 78 omitted 78 79 int . a printer - later 79 the place be dusty and badly organize . Lee , hold the typewriter in its case , wander down a aisle and notice pile of typewriter paper and stationery , stack carelessly . some of it be yellow and old . 80 int . lee' apartment - night 80 Lee write a letter on that very paper . the table be litter with book about Louise brook and papers cover with Lee 's note . ( continued ) 80 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 66 . 80 lee 's voice dear Paul , you friend Barry be absolutely accurate in he predict that cheap Charlie chaplin would write a vulgar book for vulgar people . Lee be smile , enjoy herself . 81 ext . east village book - day 81 Lee enter the shop . 82 int . east village book - day 82 a dusty and crowded store . the owner , alan schmidt ( 45 ) be behind the counter finish up with a customer . ( he also happen to be the man nell point to at the book fair when warning Lee ) . lee' voice the lie he tell about paulette be understandable ; she be a bitch in a ditch and he grow to hate she . give the opportunity , I would not even fart in she direction ! alan how can I help ? lee you call about Louise brook . alan I certainly do . you be Lee ? lee Ms. Israel . Alan . alan they shake . alan ( cont ’d ) whaddya get ? Lee hand he a couple of letter , carefully encase . alan ( cont ’d ) this be beaut . ( beat ) funny , how you happen to have they ! ( continued ) 82 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 67 . 82 lee I have to go through a lot of my cousin 's thing , and there they be . they be quite witty , be not they ? alan ( read ) she have quite the mouth . lee ( tense , defensive ) she have a very big personality . alan like the lady , I hear . ( beat ) this the real thing ? lee I assume so . he study it . alan anyway , most people will believe what you tell they . and they love this stuff . personally , I do not get it . ( beat ) how much you want for they ? lee five hundred dollar seem fair . two fifty . alan lee I be give you a good deal . alan ( relenting ) four. lee all right . I have prefer cash , if you get it . alan of course I get it . as he get the money - ( continued ) 82 cyefm continued : ( 2 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 68. 82 alan ( cont ’d ) if you come across any more - especially if she mention any other people - like Harry cohn or Howard Hughes . I can always pay more for that . 83 int . lee' apartment - day 83 close - up of Lee signing several letter in different color pencil louise brooks . lee 's voice dear Bill , finally , I get to see hell 's lot of bad act of course , harlow literally glisten . I through it of how compelling Howard Hughes be - 84 angel . a but Jean think all the young int . argosy book - day 84 Lee hand letter to nell , the woman she meet at the convention , who look they over suspiciously . 85 int . memory lane antique - day 85 a old man count out cash for Lee . lee' voice dear flora , I be never comfortable be view as a victim , despite Harry cohn 's attempt . I would have burn in hell before sleep with that fat-ass little caesar . my cat have spit up hair - ball more attractive than he . 86 int . east village book - day 86 Alan Schmidt hand Lee a pile of cash . 87 int . east village book - day 87 and now another dealer be hand Alan cash for some of Lee 's letter . other dealer where have this come from ? alan some cranky dyke . pretty good , huh ? ( continued ) 87 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 69-70 . 87 the other dealer shrug , not caring . 88 int . lee' apartment build / andrei 's door - day andrei be count a handful of cash . andrei all cash , huh ? what be you now , a waitress ? he look at the bill and see they be large . lee I rob a bank . andrei 's mother adina , 80 , appear in she nightgown . adina Ms. Israel . lee how be you do , Mrs. ungur ? adina thank you for that cookie . lee that be good , be not they ? adina not as good as the chocolate babka . but good . lee I will have to remember that . ( beat , lightly ) tell you son to go easy on I , will you ? can not kick a old dog out on the street , right ? 88 cyefm 89 final shoot draft 3/13/17 71 . int . upscale bar / restaurant - night 89 Lee and Jack sit at a small table . they have already get they drink . lee how have you get along for as long as you have ? jack what do you mean ? lee live here and there . selling illegal substance , behave imprudently . what ? unwisely . jack lee jack do not underestimate sparkly blue eye and a little bit of street smart - they go far in this city . although I may be stretch they limit . lee but who do you want to be ? what be you plan ? jack I do not know what to say . I always imagine I would figure it out as I go along . and for the most part , I have . I have no regret . lee that can not be true . jack you mean , why do not I have some brilliant talent like you do for copying ? lee be that what you think I do ? Copying ? let I tell you something . I be a better dorothy parker than dorothy parker . jack well , cheer to that ! ( continued ) 89 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 71a . 89 they cheer . lee it 's good write . jack then everyone win . what 's the problem ? lee how on earth be you so imbecilic ? nobody know it 's I . I do . jack the female server approach . female server be you ready to order ? lee I will have a burger , rare , with onion . jack I will have the same . lee get the steak . you say you want a steak . you sure ? jack lee he will have the steak . jack why do not you get a steak ? lee we come here to get you a steak . thank you . jack female server skirt or t-bone ? Jack falter . ( continued ) 89 cyefm continued : ( 2 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 71b . 89 lee he will have the t-bone. ( beat ) and another round . 90 int . lee' apartment - later 90 Jack and Lee be in the live room . she open a new bottle of scotch . jack do you mind if I put on some music ? she point to a stack of record and Jack go to they . ( continued ) 90 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 72 . 90 lee be careful . in fact , do not touch they . she pour two glass and hand one to he . lee ( cont ’d ) what do you want to hear ? she flip through she album so Jack can see . jack something joyful . dare I say , gay ? she remove a album and put it on ( most likely it will not be joyful ) . jack ( cont ’d ) do you ever want to be famous ? ( beat ) you know , like the people you write like . you be as good as they . lee I would not mind get my own table at the Palm . believe I , I think that by now I would have . ( beat ) you know I be only thirty two when my first book be publish . I think it would all be she gesture like a airplane go up ... then the airplane go sharply down . jack I start out here his airplane up . jack ( cont ’d ) and it 's just be his airplane go down and down until he 's lie on the sofa . fuck ‘em . fuck ‘em . jack ( cont ’d ) lee cyefm 91 final shoot draft 3/13/17 72a . int . lee' apartment - later Lee and Jack be both pass out , each on they own side of the sofa . 91 cyefm 92 final shoot draft 3/13/17 73. int . lee' apartment - day 92 Lee extract sheet of paper from the oven . they be perfectly curl and rumple and be already type on . she lay they out on the table . lee 's voice my dear Boy , I enjoy we talk tremendously and be not the least bit upset about the article . 93 ext . coffee shop - night 93 Jack pace and smoke as he wait . kurt ( the waiter he flirt with ) come outside , he shift over . lee' voice my professional demise have be gleefully predict for year . kurt greet Jack . lee' voice ( cont ’d ) but nonetheless I await the return of you ruby -re lip to blue harbour , in the event my spirit should falter . Jack and kurt disappear behind the restaurant for a '' date . '' lee' voice ( cont ’d ) your and very much anticipate , noel. 94 int . lee' apartment - day 94 as Lee expertly forges Noel coward 's signature . she lean back in she chair , satisfied . paul ( o.s. ) this be quite something . 95 int . armada book shop - day 95 Paul and Lee look over the Noel coward letter . lee I think so , too . paul well , as you know , I think I already have a buyer for it . I be go to call he as soon as you leave . ( beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) 95 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 74 . 95 paul ( cont 'd ) I send the marlene Dietrich to Los Angeles - I get a request from a collector out there . lee wonderful . you guy do that - sell to other collector ? paul oh yeah . there 's a whole world of wheeling and deal , most of which I do not care to partake . a lot of character in this line of work . ( beat ) hey , for a while there we have the Hitler diary . remember that ? criminal . lee paul not everyone get into this because they respect history and talent , if you know what I mean . she nod as he look at she for what feel like a little too long . 96 int . lee' apartment - night 96 they enter . Jack flop on the couch and Lee 's go into the kitchen . we see many more label typewriter throughout the apartment : aldous huxley , humphrey bogart , eugene o’neill , kurt weill , ezra pound , margaret mitchell . lee get you foot off the couch . jack ( unsure ) really ? look at it . lee this be not a flop house . she feed she cat who walk over slowly . jack how old be that hairball , anyway ? ( continued ) 96 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 twelve . 75 . 96 lee jack that 's fuckin’ old . how many cat year be that he try to count . Lee go to the blink phone machine and press play . paul 's voice on phone machine this be Paul , from Armada . Ms. Israel , I be wonder if you could come in tomorrow . I have a couple of question regard the last coward letter I purchase . she and Jack look at each other . uh oh . jack paul 's voice please come in or call as soon as you can . it 's important . 97 int . lee' bedroom - night 97 she lie awake in bed , unable to sleep . she roll over and anxiously push the cover off of she . 98 int . armada book shop - day 98 she 's try to keep she cool as she stand at the counter wait for Paul to finish with another customer . finally , he 's free . hi Lee . paul lee what seem to be the problem ? paul you know I have get the client that know Noel coward , and he say Mr. coward would never have be as explicit as he be regard he orientation . it be illegal in that day and - anyway . apparently the letter be a fake . ( continued ) 98 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 76 . 98 lee ( concerned ) I be shocked . my uncle would be appal . paul you mean you cousin . lee ( flustered ) of course . my cousin be always rather avuncular toward I . paul ( beat ) I also get a call from Los Angeles , Lee . seem one of you letter be quite the controversy at a convention out there . I hate to say it but you name have be put on a list . a list . lee paul it 's like a red flag . people be on alert , that 's all . they will not buy from you anymore . lee cousin rodney have fake ? I be sure he do not know ! I will refund whatever you have pay I paul I do not want a refund . I be all right . I just think I have let you know . 99 int . julius 's bar - day 99 panicked , Lee downs a drink . Jack be beside she . jack you can sell to other dealer . there 's gotta be a lot of they . lee you be miss the point . I have so many letter ! what be I go to do with they ? hour and hour of work . there 's a lot more money to be make . I just master Judy holliday . they be gorgeous . ( continued ) 99 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 77 . 99 jack I think you mean billie holiday ? lee I think you be a idiot . I be sure you can sell they . nobody know what you look like . 100 int . memory lane antique - day 100 a fax machine whirs and the old man look to it . 101 int . east village book - day 101 another fax machine and a photo of Lee be slowly spit out . Alan see lee. 102 int . argosy book - day 102 nell pull the paper from she fax , see Lee 's face . 103 int . twelvetree bookseller - day 103 Anna walk toward she fax machine as Lee 's face slowly appear . she pull it out and read the text . notice from the office of the federal bureau of investigation caution : possible forgeries be sell in New York City by one Lee Israel . if you have any information regard this please contact MARK solanas , FBI . Anna , shocked and confuse , stare at the picture . 104 ext . westsider book - day 104 Lee approach a shop we have never see before , hold a file of letter . 105 int . westsider book - day Lee enter and arlene turn to greet she . arlene how can I she stop and step back , turn cold . arlene ( cont ’d ) we do not want you business here . Lee stand there , stunne . 105 cyefm 106 final shoot draft 3/13/17 int . east village book - day 77a . 106 Lee enter the store . look empty . ( continued ) 106 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 78. 106 lee hello ? Alan ? Alan appear from the back of the store , surprised and pleased to see lee. alan you get my message . thanks for come . lee ( hold a file ) I bring some wonderful faulkner 's that I have unearth . alan not why I call . listen . the FBI have be in to see I . the FBI ? lee alan ( beat ) they ask I if I have wear a wire . I be not go to do that to you . I be a good guy . and if they ask I to be a witness , I will lie . but you be go to pay I five thousand dollar . lee I do not know what you be talk about . alan do not worry . I will not rat you out . lee that 's very generous of you . I do not have five thousand dollar ! alan ( shrugging ) you be a clever woman . more or less . figure it out . you be welcome . 107 ext . STREET - day 107 Lee and Jack walk . lee how the hell be I go to pay that scum bag ? I bet he know all along . he probably turn I in so he could blackmail I ! ( more ) ( continued ) 107 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 79 . 107 lee ( cont 'd ) where be I go to get five thousand dollar ? jack nobody know what I look like . let I sell for you . she turn to he . jack ( cont ’d ) and I get a cut . lee ten percent . fifty . jack lee oh please . how be that fair ? you can not even spell cup . jack I will be take a huge risk . besides , I owe you money . I could pay you back a lot faster . lee so I pay you so you can pay I back , and Alan Schmidt pay you so I can pay he off . the irony be kill I . ( beat ) twenty percent . forty . 108 jack int . westsider book - day 108 Jack nervously enter the shop . arlene hello ! welcome . thank you . jack he go to the counter . jack ( cont ’d ) my granny just die and I find this in she closet . would you be interested in something like this ? ( continued ) 108 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 79a . 108 arlene edna ferber ! jack you have hear of she ? ( continued ) 108 cyefm continued : ( 2 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 80 . 108 arlene oh , I have hear of she ! she write that movie with James Dean . jack I guess . I be not up on this thing . arlene you granny be a collector ? guess so ! 109 jack int . lee' apartment - day 109 Lee be in the kitchen when there 's a loud knock on the door . it 's I . jack ( o.s. ) she open up . oh my god ! jack ( cont ’d ) lee pull yourself together . jack she buy all three ! he show she the cash . how much ? lee jack six hundred dollar . I do it ! I do not fuck up ! 110 int . east village book - day 110 Alan be look over some letter on the counter as Jack browse in the store . jack oh look at this ! he hold up some strange statue . ( continued ) 110 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 81 . 110 jack ( cont ’d ) such wonderful knick knack . alan so you granny collect letter ? jack I do not know who this people be but I have a feel they might be worth something . alan how have you know I buy this sort of thing ? do you ? jack alan sure. ( beat ) I can give you fifty dollar each . jack I have a feel I could do better . a store in Brooklyn offer I two hundred dollar for one ! alan why do not you sell it to they , then ? jack ( shrugging ) I do not like the borough . 111 int . lee' apartment - day 111 the place be messier than usual . Lee look like hell . Jack be sit down at the table opposite she , take out some cash . jack I be good at this . you should see I . ( beat ) when be the last time you get outside ? lee how much do you get ? jack ( boast ) the first place give I six hundred dollar . the other guy give I a thousand ! ( more ) ( continued ) 111 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 82. 111 jack ( cont 'd ) you just get closer to pay that asshole back with he own money ! he give I a thousand dollar ! lee be he suspicious ? jack not at all . Hell , I always do want to be a actor ! here . Lee watch he count out six hundred dollar . look off to she . something lee how much do you say he give you ? jack a thousand . lee then why be there eight hundred extra in you hand ? what ? jack lee you be steal from I . jack oh , what do I say ? he give I fourteen hundred . be not that what I say ? lee you moron . you be steal from I and you do not even know what you be sell ! jack no. Lee , it be a mistake . here . I be sorry . he hand she more money . lee you be sell literary treasure ! one-ofa-kind , carefully write witticism . it 's not just a piece of paper , it 's a portal to a better time and place when people honore the write word . jack okay I get it . ( continued ) 111 cyefm continued : ( 2 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 83. 111 lee you need to respect what you be sell . this be my work . well ... what ? jack lee jack I mean ... you be impersonate other people . very well , I be sure , but come on . nobody be buy Lee isreal letter . Lee be furious , but of course he have a point . lee steal from I again , I will fuckin’ kill you . 112 int . twelvetree bookseller - day 112 Jack be inside the store talk to Anna . she be look over a flannery o’connor letter . anna you never read a good man be hard to find ? jack no , but boy be she right ! anna this be you grandmother 's ? jack found it in she suitcase . I assume it 's real . do you think it 's real ? anna ( study it ) look that way . ( beat ) but there have be some forgeries go around , I will need to get this authenticate before I can purchase it , if that 's all right . jack oh . I sincerely doubt - ( continued ) 112 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 84 . 112 anna no , I be not say you or you grandmother know - it 's just a precaution . Jack look down at the display case and see Lee 's letter from Katherine hepburn . jack oh look at that . anna wonderful , be not it ? who 's Lee ? jack anna oh , a author she know . jack how much be it , if you do not mind . anna I be ask eleven hundred . jack oh , well worth it . 113 int . lee' apartment - day 113 Jack and Lee eat take - out . Lee look terrible ( hang over , not have sleep ) . lee what a thief ! I think she give I less than two hundred for it ! ( beat ) flannery o’connor ? jack she want to have it authenticate . lee do you take it back ? jack I could not . I do not know what to do . lee you leave it with she ? you idiot ! ( continued ) 113 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 85 . 113 jack stop call I a idiot . lee they be go send I to jail . worse . the pillory . ( beat ) I have kill myself first . ( beat ) you can not do it anymore . jack we can not stop now . lee everyone be on high alert . ( beat ) I will never pay that schmuck off ! jack ( beat ) maybe you should steal more real one , like you do at first . and I will sell they . lee find that be a fluke . jack where do the real letter go ? who have that ? lee Archives . museum . and you need proof that you be research something . they do not just let anyone in . jack you can get into archive . you be a famous writer . you could steal that letter , copy they , replace you copy and sell the original . Lee look at he , like '' where do all this come from ? '' jack ( cont ’d ) in my sticky finger day I would find the thing I want , and it could only be thing that come in box - like toothpaste , and I have shop for a while with it in my basket . ( more ) ( continued ) 113 cyefm continued : ( 2 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 86 . 113 jack ( cont ’d ) then , when no one be pay attention I have take the toothpaste out of the box , slip it in my pocket and put my use one in the box . ( beat ) if they be suspicious they come back to the shelf and see nothing be miss . 114 int . lee' apartment - another day 114 Lee be crouching down , look at she cat under the couch . lee you be a good girl . Jack come into the room . jack he will be fine . lee she . it 's a she . she 's old . and she better be fine . jack just let I come with you . you give she enough food for a month ! lee I need you here . she need the pill . jack but it be my idea ! lee oh come on , you know you like the idea of actually live somewhere for a few day . give she fresh water . and two pill twice a day . I will . jack lee the way I show you ? mixing it in the food ? Jack nod . Lee slowly stand up , grab a pack duffel bag and a typewriter . lee ( cont ’d ) do not snoop . and stay out of my bed . ( continued ) 114 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 87 . 114 she open the door and slam it behind she . 115 int . lee' bedroom - continuous 115 he walk into she room and promptly flop on she bed . after a second , he open she night table drawer to snoop and shuffles through some thing before landing on a photograph . he lift it to see - it 's of Lee and another woman , sit at a picnic blanket in the park . 116 int . greyhound bus - day Lee stare out the window . she next to she , a woman be cry what to do . after a moment she on she headphone and turn on 117 116 be a ball of nerve . seat softly . Lee notice , not sure reach into she bag and put she radio . int . twelvetree bookseller - day 117 FBI agent , solanas 40s , stand with Anna . she 's show he the flannery o’connor . anna I tell he I have to have it authenticate . he seem pretty nervous . agent solanas do you mind if I keep it ? anna of course not . ( beat ) do you think he know it be fake ? agent solanas I be not sure . but he might be work for someone who do . Anna 's face fall . Lee ? anna agent solanas if you think you can get she back in here , would you be willing to wear a wire ? Anna think , tear . ( continued ) 117 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 I be sorry . 118 88. 117 anna ext . yale university library - day 118 Lee walk through the grand campus . 119 int . yale university library - day 119 a security guard survey the room , Lee approach the librarian behind the counter . yale librarian can I help you ? lee I be do a in - depth look at writer and alcoholism . hence - lillian hellman . here 's the contract with the publisher . Lee place a piece of paper in front of the woman . it 's a contract that Lee have clearly forge , but it look real . lee ( cont ’d ) since there 's already a great deal write about she , I be interested in the more personal , archival material . any kind of correspondence , journal , diary - would be ideal . yale librarian I will give you what we have get . 120 int . armada book shop - day 120 in the back of the shop , Paul stand by as the FBI agent solanas , who be join by he partner agent doyle , show he one of the Clara blandick letter . agent solanas look familiar ? paul yes , I buy this one from she . agent solanas ( be : photo of Jack ) what about this guy ? have you ever buy from he ? of course , Paul recognize he . ( continued ) 120 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 88a . 120 paul ( realize ) they be in it together . ( beat ) right . as soon as I tell she she be on the ' no buy 's list , he start come in . such a shame . a smart woman . agent doyle sound like a nut case . ( continued ) 120 cyefm continued : ( 2 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 89 . 120 paul a talented nut case . agent solanas ( roll he eye at doyle ) she fool every dealer and authenticator in New York . she 's smarter than you , you idiot . doyle look contrite . agent solanas ( cont ’d ) ( to Paul ) do you think you could get she back in here ? paul oh , I doubt it . agent solanas what about Jack hock ? would you be willing to wear a wire ? Paul consider . paul ( tickle ) just like in the movie . I always think I would make a excellent detective . a121 omitted ( now scene 118 & a129 ) 121 int . yale library - later a121 121 Lee sift through lillian hellman 's personal letter , all sign by the author . she remove a notebook , and while pretend to take note , begin to copy the letter word for word . Lee turn , feel like she 's be watch . sure enough , a security guard be eyeing she . she smile and he look away . lower she head , she slowly and very carefully try she hand at the signature . 122-123 omitted 124 int . HOTEL room - night 122-123 124 work on a large glass of scotch , Lee be spread out all over the room with a light box , a old manual typewriter and many papers on lillian hellman . ( continued ) 124 cyefm final shoot draft 3/13/17 continued : 90 . 124 seat at the desk , she be meticulously type one of two lillian letter on stationary that look identical to what she see in the library . when she 's finish she practice she signature . 125 int . HOTEL room - later that night 125 Lee be in bed with another glass of scotch . she get under the cover and pick up the motel phone and dial . hello ? marie 's voice lee oh , hello . Elaine ? marie 's voice no. lee be she there ? marie 's voice no , would you like to leave a message . lee yes , this be Lee Israel . oh. ( rude ) marie 's voice lee who 's this ? marie 's voice this be Marie . lee well , okay Marie , can you please tell she I call ? same number . thank you . she hang up , distraught . 126 int . lee' apartment - night 126 Jack be entertaining kurt at Lee 's apartment . kurt be recklessly search through she record collection . ( continued ) 126 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 91 . 126 kurt you have get good taste . but they be in pretty bad shape . how long have you live here ? jack ( start the record ) oh , forever . kurt ever think about clean some of the junk out ? jack I might for the right man . what 's you place like ? kurt glide around the apartment inspect it . kurt a lot cleaner ! what be all this ? why do you collect typewriter ? jack it 's too complicated to explain . it 's for my work . I do not bring many people to my home . it 's my safe space . I be very private . kurt glance at the upend tv set / light box . kurt guess you do not watch a lot of tv . jack rot the brain . I do not believe in it . I be a reader . this make kurt smile . Jersey the cat wander over . kurt well hello little kitty ! you look like death ! ( continued ) 126 cyefm continued : ( 2 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 92 . 126 jack do not say that ! kurt so , what have you get ? Jack go to he bag and retrieve a joint and a little vial of coke . jack Little coke , little dope and little old I . kurt let 's get this party start . 127 int . lee' bedroom - morning 127 Jack and kurt , under the cover , be asleep in Lee 's bed . Jack wake and drag himself out of bed wear only he boxer , he fling on Lee 's ratty robe . 128 int . lee' kitchen - morning 128 he open two capsule and mix the content into a bowl of food for Jersey , which she eat . jack oh thank god . he go back to bed . a129 ext . yale university library - day a129 Lee walk through the grand campus . 129 int . yale library - morning - next day 129 the librarian be at the desk . lee good morning . the lillian hellman box I be work on yesterday ? yale librarian ah yes , a book on drunk author . who else be you go to be write about ? lee ( check she watch ) you know what , I have get to catch a bus . ( continued ) 129 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 92a . 129 yale librarian ( put off ) of course . I will get what you need . a130 omitted 130 int . yale library - a little later / day a130 130 Lee at the table , again go through the lillian hellman 's papers . as soon as the security guard look away , Lee replace the original letter with the forgeries . ( continued ) 130 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 93. 130 slowly , she slip the original into she tall boot and then look up to find the librarian glaring at she . have she be catch ? they both stare . nobody breathes . Lee smile . have be previously snubbe , the woman smirk and look away . heart pound , Lee rise , pick up the box and head to the counter . lee here you go ! sorry for the rush . I just get overly anxious when I be travel . yale librarian ( soften ) oh , of course . I do , too. ( beat ) find what you need ? lee and then some . thank you for you help . Lee walk to the exit and be stop by the guard , who ask to look in she large bag . the librarian open the box , suspicious . she stare at the papers , not sure if she 's be have . the security guard be examine Lee 's bag . he see she line notebook , pen . some junk . he gesture that she can go . 131 omitted 131 a132 int . yale library - hallway - continuous a132 Lee exit , sighing with relief . suddenly the security guard emerge and call after lee. security guard Excuse I , mar ’am ? Lee freeze , and turn back to he slowly . he approach she , reach he hand out . security guard ( cont ’d ) you forget this . he hand she a pair of glove . Lee nod appreciatively . 132 omitted 132 cyefm a133 final shoot draft 3/13/17 93a . int . greyhound bus - day a133 Lee look straight ahead , anxious to get home . 133 ext . lee' apartment build - afternoon 133 Lee walk up to she building with she duffel and typewriter . andrei come out of the building . lee hi , andrei . andrei miss Israel . there be two man look for you . they say they be FBI . what ?! lee andrei I tell they you be not home . they be ask all kind of question . about what you do , what kind of thing you write . ( more ) ( continued ) 133 cyefm final shoot draft 3/13/17 continued : 94 . 133 andrei ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) I have see all that typewriter in you apartment lee do you say anything ? andrei no , no . I say nothing . be you in trouble ? lee that remain to be see . 134 int . lee' apartment - afternoon 134 she enter and find the place be a unrecognizable mess . glass , bottle , record out of they sleeve . hello ? no response . lee she look around , increasingly disturb . lee ( cont ’d ) Jack ? hello ?! ( beat ) Jersey ! mama 's home . what do he do to we home , Jersey ? come on girl . she glance around and then look under the couch . Lee remain there , freeze . after a beat , she lift she head up and she face crumple . she cover she face in she hand . Jack stumble out of the bedroom , half asleep . oh shit . jack he glance behind he nervously . jack ( cont ’d ) ( loudly whisper ) alright this look bad , I know . get out . lee ( continued ) 134 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 95 . 134 jack ( be : kurt , whisper ) I could not resist he , he 's so adorable you have to understand . lee get out of my house . jack why ? I will clean up ! she throw he jacket and back pack at he . Lee be furious . lee my cat be dead . jack oh no . I be so sorry . out . lee just then kurt appear from the bedroom . kurt Jack ? what 's go on ? lee oh for fuck 's sake . get out of my house . kurt you house ? jack darling , I can explain but kurt be do . Jack be catch between try to deal with kurt and Lee in the same moment . Lee go to the front door and hold it open , unable to make eye contact with Jack . kurt , grab he clothes and shoe , make he way out , Jack reluctantly follow he . kurt this be too fuck up for I . jack ( to Lee ) Lee I be so sorry . it probably just happen . it 's not my fault . ( continued ) 134 cyefm continued : ( 2 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 96 . 134 jack ( cont ’d ) I give she the pill . I do what you tell I , lee. ( beat ) let I in ! she pull the dead cat from under the couch . kneel by the couch , she cradle it in she lap as she cry . lee ( under she breath ) I be sorry , Jersey . I should not have leave you . 135 ext . veterinarian 's office - day 135 Lee hold a shoe box and walk into the vet 's building . 136 int . veterinarian 's office - day she walk up to Rachel at the counter . rachel hi , Ms. Israel . be Jersey okay ? Lee can only manage to shake she head . rachel ( cont ’d ) oh. I be so sorry . lee I do not have a backyard or anything . ( beat ) I do not know what to do with she . Rachel now see the box . rachel oh , we can take care of that . Lee hand it to she . okay . lee rachel I be sorry for you loss . Lee head for the door . 136 cyefm 137 final shoot draft 3/13/17 97 . int . lee' apartment - night 137 Lee be in the kitchen , drunk and pace and dial the phone . hello ? marie 's voice lee yes , I have like to speak to Elaine . marie 's voice be this Lee ? lee be she there please ? marie 's voice actually she 's lee ( cut she off ) I just have something of importance to tell she . at what time do you expect she return ? marie 's voice I be not actually sure . ( beat ) you have get to stop call here . lee I do not have to do anything , Marie . I just need people to take my call , instead of have some piece of shit tell I what I have to do . that 's what I think I deserve . she slam the phone down . 138 int . julius 's bar - day 138 at a table , Lee hand Jack a bunch of letter in a folder . she be short , averting she eye . she be all business , cold . lee let they authenticate all they want . they be real . do not settle . jack Lee - be we go to talk about it ? I be really sorry . ( continued ) 138 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 98. 138 she stay the course . lee do you make a appointment at Armada ? jack yes . I ring he . he say to come at one . lee all right . afterward , come right here . jack I will do good , you will see . I will make it up to you . Lee do not reply to this . there be no make it up . lee get a write receipt . I want to know how much you be pay . jack okay , if that 's what you want . he will give it to I . that little fucker eat up my shtick . ( laugh a little ) ooh that sound dirty . he laugh , try to engage Lee like they use to . she will not . jack ( cont ’d ) come on . how long be you go to freeze I out ? lee ( beat ) I trust you . I do not know if you have notice , but I do not do that . you have remind I why that be . jack ( sincerely plead ) Lee , I take care of the cat . I swear . it be a accident , and I feel awful . lee and you little friend ? who be not suppose to be in my house . do he feel awful too ? jack I do not know . I have not see he . ( continued ) 138 cyefm continued : ( 2 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 99 . 138 lee we will continue do business together because I have no option , but we be not friend , I do not think we actually ever be . Lee - jack lee we will meet in public . you will not fuck this up like you fuck everything else up in you life . sell the letter . get the money . and get a fuck receipt . jack fine. ( after a moment , one more try ) I only I be do . lee she look he in the eye for the first time . he understand that it 's over . jack I will be back after the sale . he get up slowly and walk away . Lee sit stoically . 139 ext . armada booksellers - day 139 Jack walk up the street , smoking , nervous , head for Armada bookseller . 140 int . armada booksellers - soon after 140 Paul , more uneasy than usual , be handle the letter that Jack have offer he . jack be not this fabulous ? I just know someone be go to treasure they . paul they be terrific . where on earth do you find this ? ( continued ) 140 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 100 . 140 jack my granny just pass and I discover they when I be clean out she junk . they be worth something , right ? paul how much be you ask for they ? jack I guess around three hundred each ? Paul go to write a check . Jack be take aback by how easy this be . jack ( cont ’d ) actually , do you have cash ? Paul instantly count out six hundred dollar cash and put it in Jack 's hand . 141 int . julius 's bar - day 141 already hammer , Lee sit at the bar , scribbling in a notebook , do calculation of the money she owe . she be agitate and more than a little drunk . lee ( to the bartender ) I need another . Craig come over , start to pour . craig that 's debateable . lee ( too defensive ) what do you say ? Craig look up , surprised by she anger . craig nothing , Lee . he walk away , shaking he head a little . lee ( to herself ) fuckin 's judgemental jack -ass . 142 int . armada booksellers - day 142 Jack be cornere by solanas and doyle . ( continued ) 142 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 101 . 142 jack ( in a panic ) I be pretty sure they be steal , I do not want to ask . but she ask I to sell they as a favor so I say okay ! agent solanas as a favor ? you do not accept a cut ? jack well , a small one . very small . but I do not know where they come from , honest ! I will tell you anything you want to know . be I in big trouble ? he give he puppy dog eye . 143 int . julius 's bar - continuous 143 Lee be drunk , look up at a picture of Tallulah bankhead on the wall , amongst all the other famous people who use to frequent the bar . then back to she drink . empty it . she be mumble to herself . this be a Lee we have not see before more incoherent , nervous . the anxiety be get to she . lee ( mumble , barely audible ) ... probably run off with the money . I will kill he .... craig ( from end of the bar ) do you say something ? Lee shake she head , shooing he off . she crumple the piece of paper she be scribbling on . look back to the picture , weirdly distract by it . glance at the clock . it 's 2:30 . lee ( mumble , only make out every couple of word ) no , at least until 3 ... ( then , call to Craig ) actually one more . Craig set one down next to she . lee ( cont ’d ) ( point to the picture ) I write a biography of she once , in another life . ( continued ) 143 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 102 . 143 craig yes , you have tell I . more and more festive people be crowd into the bar . Craig attend to the other patron . someone try to sit at the stool next to lee. lee no ! I be wait for someone . the guy roll he eye , walk off . Lee put on she headphone , to drow out the crowd . lee ( cont ’d ) ( mutter to herself ) nobody have any patience anymore . people be crowd into Lee 's space though . finally , Lee get up to move down the bar , come face to face with the FBI agent , approach she . agent solanas Lee Israel ? she take off she headphone , confuse . the patron of the bar , as well as Craig all notice what 's go on . it take Lee a moment . agent solanas ( cont ’d ) I be agent solanas and this be agent doyle . we be here to deliver a subpoena to appear before a federal grand jury . he hand Lee a envelope . agent solanas ( cont ’d ) you appearance be schedule for two week from today . you will find the address on the enclose document . you be forbidden to destroy any evidence pertinent to this case . lee I do not know what you be talk about . agent solanas we have intercept you employee , Jack hock . he be cooperate as be the dealer you do business with . ( beat ) anything you have like to say ? anything on you mind that you have like to get off you chest ? ( continued ) 143 cyefm continued : ( 2 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 103 . 143 lee I think it behoove I to be a wallflower at this particular dance . until I can get a hold of a attorney . agent solanas as you wish . ( beat ) Mr. hock request that you not try to reach he or telephone or harass he in any way . and by law you be forbidden to contact he regardless . Lee be stung . 144 int . lee' apartment - day 144 frantic , Lee attack she research with a scissors , throw the piece into different garbage bag . she rip papers and crumple up anything she can find . 145 ext . upper west side STREET - day 145 carry several black plastic bag , Lee hustle down the street . she glance around she , paranoid , chuck bag into various pile of street garbage wait for pick up . one by one , Lee throw a typewriter into a different garbage can . 146 int . law office - day 146 Lee sit opposite a uptight female lawyer . she 's pick cat hair off she old jacket , visibly agitate . uptight lawyer ( read from a document ) investigating agent speak with the Assistant librarian for manuscript at Yale Library ... he confirm that the letter sell to CW - 1 do belong to Yale and that forge copy of this letter be now in the file . lee I could have tell you that . but you have a very good reputation , surely you can - ( continued ) 146 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 104 . 146 uptight lawyer ( cut she off ) Ms. Israel , I be afraid that you will spend a fair amount of time behind bar , despite my reputation . ( beat ) you be deliberate , you crime be premeditate and I have to say , numerous . it say here ( read ) you create and sell approximately four hundred letter . that many ? lee uptight lawyer you be proud . lee do you read they ? uptight lawyer no . why would I read they ? ( consider ) I believe the only way to handle this be to plead insanity and frankly , I do not think we have have any problem prove it . Lee stare at she , do not like this one bit . 147 int . law office - day 147 Lee sit across from lloyd , a handsome lawyer . she rub she temple . headache ? awful . lloyd lee lloyd can not blame you . ( read papers ) look at all this ... it 's pretty bad . now that say , can I say - that letter be pretty damned impressive . I especially enjoy the Louise brook . ( continued ) 147 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 105 . 147 lee thank you . ( beat ) I be afraid they be my finest moment . lloyd I be sure that 's not true . ( beat ) you fall on hard time . you have a sick cat . you could not get a write job and you do not mean for it to get out of hand , but then some jerk blackmail you and you panic . you never mean for it to continue , or to steal , but you have to pay he back or you have go to jail . ( beat ) depend on the judge , I think at worst you could conceivably get a year and change . Lee look panicked . lloyd ( cont ’d ) you will bring a book . ( beat ) look , if you want I to represent you , you be go to have to do a few thing before appear in court . like what ? lee lloyd clean up you act . first , you be get a job . any kind of job . and second , you be enrol in community service to show how penitent you be . lee what - what kind of service ? lloyd something with child ? Jesus no . lee lloyd animal , sick people . whatever . you be go to show that you have turn over a new leaf . ( beat ) you have get to go to aa . ( continued ) 147 cyefm continued : ( 2 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 106 . 147 lee that 's absurd . he stare at she . it do not seem possible that she spirit could sink even lower . lee ( cont ’d ) I want to ask you something . ( beat ) so , everyone I sell to - do you think they all know ? lloyd yeah . they probably all know . but right now , that 's the least of you worry . 148 int . julius 's bar - day 148 in the mostly empty bar , dress for court , Lee sit and drink , somewhat a pariah . a few regular whisper about she . a149 ext . courthouse - day a149 Lee walk up the step of the intimidating courthouse . 149 int . courthouse - day 149 Lee and Lloyd sit on a bench outside the courtroom . Lee be sweat in she heavy jacket as she anxiously rub she hand against she thigh . lloyd we be very lucky this be we judge . very lucky . she do not waste time with thing like this . I have a good feel . try to breathe . lee I be scared . lloyd ( hand she a mint , annoyed ) you smell like alcohol . she shrug and take the mint . 150 int . courtroom - day 150 in a simple , nearly empty courtroom , Lee and Lloyd stand before the judge . ( continued ) 150 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 107 . 150 lloyd ( continue ) she be seek employment with scholastic book as a copy editor , and have already put in over forty hour of community service at a cat shelter . judge ( to Lee ) before I render my verdict , have you in the last twenty - four hour use drug , pill , alcohol , anything that could affect you ability to understand what be go on ? no mar ’am . lee judge have you anything additional you would like to say to the court before I offer you sentence ? yes . lee Lloyd watch she carefully as she stand , and take a deep breath . what come next begin as something rehearse , but devolve into a stream - of - consciousness confession . lee ( cont ’d ) I have be live in a state of enormous guilt and anxiety for the past year . not because I feel like I be do something wrong , but because I be always afraid of be find out . I can not specifically say that I regret my action Lloyd clear he throat , urging Lee to watch herself . Lee - lloyd lee I do not . I thoroughly enjoy write this letter , live in the world of dorothy parker and Noel coward , pretend I be something I be not . in many way , this have be the best time of my life . it 's the only time recently I can remember be proud of the work I be do . ( then ) ( more ) ( continued ) 150 cyefm continued : ( 2 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 108 . 150 lee ( cont 'd ) but it be not my work , be it ? I be hide behind this people , they name . because if I have actually put myself out there , do my own work , then I would be open myself up to criticism . and I be too much of a coward for all of that . I have lose my cat - the only soul that truly love I , maybe ever - and I lose my friend - who might have be a idiot , but tolerate I , and be nice to have around . and I have realize that I be not a real writer . in the end , it be not worth it . this hit Lee in a surprising way . Lloyd look at she nervously . she return to she script . lee ( cont ’d ) I will accept the judgement of the court as valid and fulfill whatever sentence I may receive with the full understanding that I have earn say punishment . a moment . the judge nod . judge Lee Israel , the court sentence you to five year probation plus six month house arrest . you may only leave home to go to and from you place of employment , you work in the community , and to alcoholic 's anonymous meeting . lee ( blurt ) I do not have anywhere to go . judge you be not to leave the state or consort with felon and you be to pay restitution to you victim within you mean . Lloyd grin at Lee , nodd . Lee stare , in disbelief . lloyd ( quietly to Lee ) this be a good thing . very fair . but Lee be reeling . the weight of everything be finally settle on she , and it be heavy . ( continued ) 150 cyefm continued : ( 3 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 109 . 150 lee ( at she lowest ) mm hmm . good . Lloyd do not know what to say . a151 ext . courthouse - day a151 Lee walk out of the courthouse emptied and exhaust . 151 int . lee' apartment - day 151 Lee enter she apartment . it be eerily empty . no typewriter . no Jersey . no Jack . Jersey 's empty food bowl sit on the floor , taunting Lee . she check she answer machine but have no message . she collapse onto the couch . she do not know where she will go from here . 152 ext . central park - day 152 Lee sit on a bench wait . after a moment she see elaine , 45 , come toward she . lee thanks for come . elaine it sound important . lee it be . it be . my phone get shut off . in case you try to call . I do not . elaine they sit down and Elaine notice the cat hair on Lee 's jacket , pick at it . elaine ( cont ’d ) I see you bring Jersey with you . how be that old bitch ? lee that 's what I want to tell you , Elaine . she just die . oh . elaine lee I figure , since she be a gift from you - ( continued ) 152 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 110 . 152 Lee start to tear up . elaine be she ? ( beat ) I be so sorry , lee. lee ( shrugging ) I get too attach to she . elaine you go to get another ? lee no . I can not replace she . it would not be right . elaine maybe in time . lee I do go to aunt Eleanor 's pretty regularly . elaine oh god , I have not think about that place in year ! it 's still there ? on 96th ? lee exactly the same . different cat . elaine ( beat ) you still on 82nd ? lee where else would I be ? elaine you look all right . you all right ? lee you can not imagine what I have have to do to survive . elaine we all have to do thing we do not want to do . ( continued ) 152 cyefm continued : ( 2 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 111 . 152 lee maybe . I can not remember the last time I be do something because I want to do it . Elaine examine Lee , concerned . elaine be you sleep , Lee ? this bit of kindness hit lee. lee fit and start . but when you can not recognize you own life it 's hard to find rest . elaine you be have one of that time . you just gotta ride it out . lee I be suppose to be something so different than this . be not I ? when we be together , people like my work right ? elaine that 's why you want to see I ? lee no. I mean ... I have want to see you for a long time . I have need to see you , Elaine . I just ... I be in a crisis . and you know I . elaine it always seem more important to you that people like you work than that they like you . lee well , of course . elaine no , Lee . that 's not healthy . lee I guess not . butelaine you be so miserable . ( continued ) 152 cyefm continued : ( 3 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 112 . 152 lee no I be not . elaine yes you be . a beat . lee I be happy with you . elaine well , I appreciate that . we be happy there . for part of it . lee it be more than part of it . elaine no , Lee . there be always a wall between we . something I could not penetrate . lee I try . God damnit . I try more with you than with anyone ever . elaine no you do not . you do everything you could to keep you distance . you lie , you drank constantly , you be selfinvolve lee well , I do not say I be perfect . elaine and the moment anyone wronge you , you cut they out . it be like you be look for everyone to fail you , so you would not have stay connect . lee well fuck . I always think of myself as pleasantly prickly . elaine more like a fortress of disdain . I could never get you to let down the wall - to trust I - and at some point I just stop try . lee I wish you have not . ( continued ) 152 cyefm continued : ( 4 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 113. 152 elaine I do not know why you be so afraid for anyone to get to know you - maybe you think nobody would like what they see . such a shame . this take Lee by surprise . Elaine start to stand up , Lee grab she arm . lee wait - do not go . elaine this be not my job anymore , Lee . to talk you off the ledge . it 's exhaust . lee who be she ? Elaine sigh , she be try to avoid this . Lee . elaine lee I be just curious . elaine she 's a public advocate . she 's warm and it 's simple . lee be she always a cunt to you old friend ? I would not let she answer the phone if I be you . elaine and there it be . I do not know why I try. ( she make a motion of a wall go up ) you be never go to change . everyone be always wrong you - nobody appreciate you , nobody give you what you deserve .... ( short beat ) and nothing be ever you fault . Lee be stunne . elaine ( cont ’d ) I have get a class . ( then ) ( more ) ( continued ) 152 cyefm continued : ( 5 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 114 . 152 elaine ( cont ’d ) it be good to see you , for a minute there . she turn and walk away . lee ( beat ) say hi to Marie ! Elaine do not turn around and Lee sit there , hat herself . shit . lee ( cont ’d ) 153 omitted a154 int . lee' apartment - bedroom - night 153 a154 Lee lie in bed , stare up at the fan . she be not fill with anxiety anymore . she be numb . she be lifeless , replaying Elaine 's word in she head . she pull out Anna 's short story and begin to read . 154 ext . twelvetree book shop - day 154 Lee walk past Anna 's bookshop . she see Anna inside , talk to a customer . she know she can not go in . she stop and watch though . suddenly Anna look up and the two woman make eye contact . Anna break it and when she look back up , Lee be go . sadly , Lee walk away . 155 omitted - ( now scene a154 ) 155 156 int . lee' apartment - day 156 Lee stare for a while . find nothing . she go and sit at she one remain , original type-writer . she put in a piece of paper . she think . cyefm 157 final shoot draft 3/13/17 115 . int . julius 's bar - afternoon - some month later 157 Lee sit at a table - she do not look good but she do not look bad either . Craig bring she a scotch . craig have not see you face in here in a while . lee yeah well , I be only allow to leave the house for my aa meeting . Craig walk away shaking he head . suddenly the door open and Jack come in . he see Lee , approach she table . be this a coincidence ? Jack look a little thin , and walk with a crutch , baby one foot . lee ( cont ’d ) thanks for come . jack ( shrugging ) it be quite inconvenient . I have to move around some meeting , but I have my assistant cancel my afternoon . Lee smirk . it 's kind of Jack to make this easier . lee can I get you a drink ? I be buy . I have start counterfeit money now . she smirk , this tickle Jack . jack not today . ( off Lee 's surprise ) it 's my new med . throw my whole system off . gin taste like mouthwash . take the fun out of it . Lee be concerned , but do not press . lee I guess you be able to cut a deal ? ratting on I work out ? jack Three year probation . lee at least you be out and about . ( continued ) 157 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 116 . 157 jack so be you . lee no , I be at a aa meeting on 10th street . Jack laugh . jack criminal at large ! ( then ) I could not imagine what be so important that Lee Israel swallow she pride and ask I to meet she . so spit it out . lee I be reconsider . jack oh just tell I . lee well ... I have be think about write a new book . about what happen . about what I do . and about you , if you will let I . jack like hell I will ! what would my boyfriend think if he know about my shadier dealing ? lee do we crime even count in you top ten of shady dealing ? I doubt it . jack Fair enough . but I do not want a book out there about I . I be a very private person . Lee be quiet . lee I have to do something . I have to write again . jack what about fanny price ? ( continued ) 157 cyefm continued : ( 2 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 117 . 157 lee brice ? no . I think for once I would like to write about one Lee isreal . as terrifying as that sound . jack I be still mad at you , you know . you treat I like shit . I do not think you be a very nice person . lee I would agree with you . jack but I suppose you may be mad at I as well . lee if you do not look quite so decrepit , I would be . jack ( quietly ) yes , well . I guess it 's not some huge plot twist . it be go to catch up to I eventually . lee you have fuck you way through Manhattan . jack I would like that on my tombstone . they share a morbid laugh . jack ( cont ’d ) with the addition of : but he steer clear of the borough . sure . lee after a beat . jack will you make I 29 ? and with perfect skin ? and do not make I sound stupid ? Lee be quiet , realize he be agree . ( continued ) 157 cyefm continued : ( 3 ) final shoot draft 3/13/17 118. 157 jack ( cont ’d ) oh fuck it . write whatever you want . it 's not like anyone read you book anyways . lee I have already write five chapter . Jack laugh . lee ( cont ’d ) ( quietly ) thank you . Lee reach out and touch Jack 's hand . this linger for just a moment and then Jack stand , break it . jack I be late for a board meeting . my driver be wait . the life of a millionaire . they both smile , go with the bit . Jack start toward the door . cross in front of Lee . Lee stifles a little laugh . Jack look back ... what ? jack ( cont ’d ) lee no ... I be so tempt to trip you , just now . Jack laugh , against he better judgement . jack wow , you be ... a horrid cunt , lee. lee so be you , Jack . good luck . you too . jack lee he leave . 158 int . lee' apartment - day 158 sitting at she dining table , Lee write on a old , large computer . she sip scotch . ( continued ) 158 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 119 . 158 a kitten scamper around she ankle and settles on the keyboard . the place be clean up again , but still Lee 's . 159 ext . central park - day 159 springtime . Lee sit on a bench , content . she eat a hot dog , and watch people pass . 160 ext . STREET / last bookstore - day 160 Lee walk down the street and backtrack , have see something in a bookstore window that have catch she eye . it 's a mount letter from dorothy parker . one that Lee have write . 161 int . renwick & CO . rare book - day 161 Lee address the bookseller . lee my friend 's birthday be come up and he have love to own that dorothy parker in the window . bookseller she 's a beauty , be not she ? lee can I ask how much a letter like that run ? bookseller we be ask nineteen hundred , frame and matte , and she come complete with a letter of authenticity . Lee 's eye widen . lee do the letter of authenticity come with a letter of authenticity ? bookseller oh , I can assure you . it 's the real thing . no one can write like Ms. parker could . not before and not since . ( continued ) 161 cyefm continued : final shoot draft 3/13/17 120 . 161 the bittersweet compliment be music to she ear . lee well , that might be out of my price range , but thank you very much . 162 int . lee' apartment - day 162 Lee sit at she old typewriter ( the one she already own ) , and write . lee' voice my dear sir , I offer my droopy salutation from the great Beyond . I understand that you be sell my personal letter to the tune of nearly two grand . to think poor Lee Israel receive a tiny fraction of that sum when she sell they to someone , who then sell they to you . 163 ext . renwick & CO . rare book - day 163 we see the man through the front window , read this letter . he look into the distance , consider . disturb , he move to the shop window . lee' voice I dearly hope this letter will not affect the sell price of you valuable artifact . as I most famously muttere mere moment after my cremation : '' darling , excuse my dust . '' your , dorothy parker . the bookseller remove the letter from the window display . and then decide to put it back . '' 2017 willow and oak , inc . all rights reserve . no portion of this script may be performed , published , reproduced , sold or distribute by any means , or quoted or published in any medium , including any web site , without the prior written consent of willow and oak , inc . disposal of this script copy doe not alter any of the restriction set forth above . www.foxsearchlight.com taward