candyman screenplay by bernard rose base on clive barker' the_forrbidden draft revised august 1991 correct 1 black screen 1 the SOUND of buzzing bee . the SOUND of a sleepy afternoon , far from here . then a voice , candyman 's , murmure so softly that seduction might be in the air . his voice be dark and rich and fill with remorse . candyman ( v.o. ) they will say I have shed innocent blood ... the buz grow louder as we ... slowly fade in : thousand of bee fill the screen , dimly perceive , pack together , crawl over one , another . candyman ( v.o. ) what 's blood for , if not for shed ? the bee become agitate . candyman ( v.0 . ) with my hook for a hand . I [ / x11 split you from you nob to you gullet . the buz crescendos . candyman ( v.0 . ) I come for you ... the bee explode towards we , suddenly become airborne . 2 ext . chicago downtown - day eat & matte ) a massive black cloud cf rthe city . obliterate it from in a million different direction . ( fx shot - helicopter pt bee rise as a swarm view and then disper dissolve to : 3 extreme close - up on helen buchanan - day dissolve . helen , in she mid-twenty , listen intently < = : someone we can not yet see . es the bee appear to float across she fine feature through it be the voice of a eighteen - year- old girl , a freshman her name be monica . monica ( v.0o . ) this be the worst story I ever hear , and it 's totally true . it happen a few year ago near mose Lake in Indiana ... ext . mose lake - suburban STREET ~ night a suburban street like any other . the house only distinguished by they handyman customization . we focus on one house , no different from the other . it be a calm night with twinkle star . monica ( v.0 . ) Clara be babysit for the johnson ... int . child 's bedroom - night we see a pretty little baby go gently to sleep in its cot . clara , a attractive but conservative teenager , the baby . she see that the child have settle down and quietly leave the room . int . hallway - night Clara walk down the stair , the image of the teenager . she head for the back door . ext . backyard - night Clara peer out into the darkness and beckon leather - jackete boy , billy , step out of the kiss she hungrily . they go inside . int . live room - night billy and Clara kiss and fondle each other on billy you know , be alone in the house , like this , remind I ... clara oh yeah ? responsibl bend over e to someone . shadow . the couch . he a she give he a playful whack . billy start to undress she peel off she sweater . '' billy a story I hear ... ( he kiss she ) joey tell I . Clara arch back on the couch , become arouse as he fondle she . clara tell it to I ... billy there be this girl , babysit , just like you ... ( he continue undress she as he speak ) the kid be asleep and she 's watch tv , when the phone ring . she answer it , but there 's nobody there . she 's about to hang up when she hear a voice ... billy slide off she shoe and slowly unbuckle she jeans . . billy the voice whisper ... '' bloody murder ... '' Clara shiver . billy continue to undress she . billy she hang up and go back to watch tv . ( he run he hand over she dress and down towards she navel ) the phone ring again . she pick - up and there 's the voice ... . ( kiss she ) '' bloody murder ... '' she dial the operator . the operator say she will put a trace on the line if he call back ... ( he start to slide off she jeans ) he do , though this time the voice be lcuder ... '' bloody murder ! '' she freak . the phone ring again . she can not answer it , just sit on the couch shaking . . finally she cick up , ready to billy ( cont ) scream at he ... but it 's the operator . the operator say , '' get out of the house !! get out now !!! we trace the call ... '' Clara be spook . billy '' it 's come from upstairs ... '' Clara wriggle off the couch , upset . billy hey ! I be sorry ... I do not scare you do I ? Clara recover quickly , but want revenge . clara no. billy ( grin ) oe you sure look scared to I . clara that 's nothing . I hear that one before . come upstairs , I 'il show you something really scary . but you have to be quiet ... billy like the sound of this . 9 upstair landing - night 9 Clara lead billy past the child 's bedroom to the bathroom , tiptoeing . 10 int . bathroom - night 29 billy and Clara regard they reflection in the mirrore decor of the medicine cabinet , arm around each other . they talk in whisper . clara you ever hear of candyman ? & bill / no . clara his right hand be sawn off . he have a hook jamme in the bloody stump . if you look in the mirror and say he name thirteen time , he will appear behind you ... ( nibble he ear ) ... breathe down you neck . ( billy grin ) wanna try it ? billy okay ... candyman , candyman , candyman , candyman ... ( he count they off on -his finger ) . candyman , candyman , candyman , candyman , candyman , candyman , candyman ... billy ( cont ) ( the thirteenth time ) oy can — ~ billy pause , Clara laugh . clara no one ever get past twelve ! he grab she and kiss she . she break away . clara not here . go downstairs . I have a surprise for you ... billy obey , he anticipation rise . he exit . Clara lock the bathroom . door behind he . she reach in she pocket and produce a contraceptive cap . she regards herself in the mirror , a moment of reflection , consider the step she be about to take . a think make she smile ... clara ( to herself ) candyman ... she reach for the medicine cabinet door and open it . as the mirrore door open , we see for the briefest instant , 4 e silhouetted figure , stand behind she . will 12 13 int . live room - night will billy sit on the couch eagerly await Clara . he hear a terrible sound , a awful wrenching , something be rip in two . he look up at the ceiling . a massive red stain spread across the ceiling ... dissolve to : close on a tape recorder 12 wheel turn . monica ( v.o . ) what he see turn he hair white from shock ... close on monica who we now see be a dumpy bespectacle teenager . . monica he kill she , split she open with he hook ... kill the baby too ... wider we be in a research room at the University of Illinois . monica sit opposite helen , who listen impassively . monica billy get away , but soon after he go crazy . my roommate 's boyfriend know he ... helen barely suppress a smile . int . university corridor - day 13 helen and monica walk into the corridor outside the researc room . helen shake monica 's hand . helen thank you . monica head off down < =n2 corridor , which be bustling with student . we follow h n in the opposite direction . she knock on a door and enter . om 14 15 7 . int . another research room - day 14 Inside the room be similar to the one we just leave . bernadette , a fellow post -structuralist graduate student , sit interview a teenage boy . helen ( see they be busy ) oh ... sorry . bernadette it 's okay . we be pretty much do . ( to the boy ) so ... where do you hear this story ? boy my friend hear it on the radio . it 's true . sick , huh ? the babysitter roast the kid just like it be a turkey or something ... he laugh inadvertently . high angle - university campus - day 15 the complex concrete quadrangle of the University of Illinois . the giant tower of the Chicago skyline be visible in the background . student teem about . helen and bernadette sit on a low concrete wall . on helen and bernadette bernadette oh my God ! this could be the one ! she turn the piece of chicken in front of she face , examine it . bernadette the original kentucky fry Rat . helen regards she own lunch less enthusiastically . bernadette take a big bite out of the chicken , feign disappointment . | helen ( laugh at she ) another dead end ? bernadette too bad , huh ? how 's yours ? helen take a bite , not without a momentary pause . helen 100 per cent chicken . sorry . bernadette can you imagine what it would be like , if we actually find the rat ? I do not think I could ever eat again ... - helen get a look of sly determination in she eye . helen look helen nod . helen maybe ... but we would get that slob purcell right where he life . bernadette you think so ? he would just rip off we thesis , go on the talk show and tell everybody he be the lead expert on urban legend ... the man who finally get to take a bite of the legendary take - out rat ... depressed . / helen trevor think they be go to ' make he head of the anthropology department . it 's unbelievable . his data be so secondhand ... bernadette zing asshole get to doctorate ? assess 2 helen and you and I be gonna nail he . S 16 int , lecture hall - day : 16 trevor buchanan deliver a lecture from the podium . the auditorium be about two - third full . trevor be around forty year old and in good shape . for a professor , trevor be quite sartorial , not at all the shabby nerdy cliche . trevor anyone here remember the craze for pet baby alligator ? diane raise she arm , trevor give she the floor . diane when they get too large to keep , people flushed they down the toilet . they live in the sewer . some of they be thirty foot long ... trevor grin . trevor where do this happen ? diane in Miami . they go blind and albino from live in the dark . another student , danny , raise he hand . trevor gesture to he to speak . danny Sir , it be not Miami . it be New York . I read it in the paper ... trevor ( sarcastic ) well then it must be true . they laugh . trevor why would Danny and Diane both be suffer the same delusion in city a thousand mile apart ? let 's face folk there be no alligator the sewer . this bizarre event could not have happen to so many aunt , cousin , neighbor and friend of friend ... a spotty boy take the fiocr . '' 10 . spotty boy it 's a example of jungian collective unconsciousness ... trevor ( groan ) you do not believe that science fiction mumbo jumbo ! ? they laugh . trevor no ... it ' 's bedtime storey ... it 's round the campfire . this storey be modern oral folklore . they be a unselfconscious reflection of the fear of urban society . ( he check he watch ) and that 's lunch ... the audience break up quickly . a group of student surround trevor , ask question . helen enter as the other file out the door . she head for trevor as he talk to stacey , a very pretty coed . trevor 's enthusiastic hand gesture accidently brush lightly against Stacey 's chest as he expound some arcane theory . trevor ( see helen ) hi honey . as she reach he , he put he arm around she and kiss she . trevor do you know everybody ? ( indicate he student ) Mark ... Danny ... Diane ... and Stacey . helen shake hand all round . stacey hi. Stacey seem to avoid eve contact with helen . trevor and helen move away from the group and head out of < 7 lecture theater . we follow they . 17 18 11 . int . corridor outside lecture hall - day 17 as they walk , passersby acknowledge trevor . helen that girl , be she alright ? she would not look at I and I swear she be blush . trevor give a wick grin . trevor that 's because she 's in love with I ! all that burst adolescent hormone ! helen give he a playful whack . helen bighead . ( change the '' subject ) any news on purcell ? trevor he 's come in on the redeye tonight . helen he get the job . trevor I be go to o'hare to meet he . come with I . make a good impression . helen he make my flesh crawl . trevor laugh and kiss she . trevor catch you iater , sweetheart ... close on cassette reccrier - night 23 spin , replaying mcnica 's story . monica ( v.0 . ) '' -. if you look in the mirror and say he name thirteen time ... the recorder be switch cif . 12 . int . research room - on helen - night 19 she be by a computer terminal , transcribe the tape . she type a sentence and restart the recorder . monica ( v.0o . ) he will appear behind you breathe down you neck ... she switch the tape off again and start to type . a knock on the door disturb she . helen hello ... '' the door open and henrietta , a black woman in she forty , peer round the door . henrietta can I clean the room ? helen sure . do not mind I . henrietta enter , leave she clean cart in the corridor , and start empty garbage . helen switch on the tape gain . monica ( v.q. ) so billy begin ... he look in the mirror and say , '' candyman ... candyman ... candyman ... '' the tape stop again . henrietta chuckle at the mention of candyman . helen restart the tape ... monica ( v.o. ) ..- candyman ... candyman ... helen notice henrietta chuckle to herself . henrietta heh heh , candyman , eh? helen you have hear of he ? henrietta oh yes ... oh yes ... you doin 's a study on he ?... helen um ... yes . what do you know about he ? 19 13. henrietta everybody 's scared of he ... once it get dark . he life over at cabrini ... my friend tell I about it ... helen cabrini Green ? henrietta yeah ... in the project ... I live on the South side , so I do not know too much about it . my friend know all about it ... she cousin live in cabrini . they say he kill a lady ... helen 's curiosity be pique . helen could I talk to you friend ? henrietta laugh . henrietta sure ... she move to the door and shout down the corridor . henrietta Kitty ! view down the corridor 19 Kitty be way down the corridor , mop the floor . kitty ( shouting ) what have you want ? henrietta Lady here want to talk to you . Kitty start walk towards we . int . research room - night henrietta turn back the helen . henrietta she as. comin’ . helen stand . helen ( proffering she hand ) I be helen Buchanan . henrietta ( shaking hand ) please to meet you ... henrietta mosely ... Kitty enter , bemuse . henrietta and this be Kitty culver ... ( Kitty shake hand ) tell she what you tell I about candyman ... Kitty shake she head . kitty oh ... I do not know nothin’ about that ... henrietta you tell I you cousin tell you all about it . kitty I do not ' know nothin’ ' cept what I read ... helen Kitty ... it may not seem much to you , but I have really like to know ... Kitty sit and begin she tale . kitty all I know be this ... a lady , she be in the tub , when she hear a noise ... helen push the record button on the tape recorder . helen do you know she name ? kitty I think she call ruthie mae ... so she hear bangin 's and smashin 's , 14 . 1s . like a person be tryin' to knock a hole in the wall . so ruthie , she call 911 a 's say , '' someone comin’ through the wall '' an’ they would not believe she ! henrietta they think the lady be crazy , right ? Kitty nod . kitty she say , '' he 's comin’ through the : wall !! '' an’ still they would not believe she ... Kitty pause . kitty when they get there she be dead . helen she be shot ? kitty no . she get kill with a hook ... helen react . Kitty mime a disembowelment . henrietta it 's true ... yes it be . I read it in the paper ... kitty my cousin say candyman kill she . on helen intrigue , a whole new avenue open up . ~ kitty but I do not know nothin’ about that ... 21 int . university library - close on microfilm screen - night newspaper page slide past rapidly . stop occasionally for a closer look and then continue . we glimpse some gruesome picture of murder victim . 22 23 16 . on helen she brow furrow in concentration . on the screen we see a headline : '' cause of death . what kill ruthie mae , life in the project ? " on helen chill . wide view . helen cross the massive high tech library . she be alone and it be dark . ext . sandburgh village condo - night 22 a internationalist style housing development , tall block cluster around manicure lawn . doormen , twenty - four hour security . helen ( v.0o . ) look ... int . sandburgh condo - helen and trevor' apartment - night the apartment reflect helen 's enthusiastic and outgo nature . it be smart without be uncomfortable . a proper home . helen show bernadette a photocopy of the article on ruthie mae 's murder . bernadette I do not like this . this be not one of you fairy tale . somebody really die . it make I - uncomfortable ... helen that 's net the half of it . she hand bernadette a pile of photocopy . she leaf through they . on the photocopies we see a newspaper article about the open of cabrini Green , the building all shiny and new . the architect proudly shaking hand with the mayor . helen and bernadette '' helen that 's cabrini Green , not that you have recognize it now . bernadette no kid . I will not even drive past it . I hear a kid get shot there just the other day . helen look carefully at this picture ... ( she turn the page ) ++.- and then this one ... spot it ? bernadette no . helen that 's not cabrini Green . that 's this building ... sandburgh Village ! my apartment be build as a housing project . bernadette what ? helen once it be finish , the city soon realize that there be no barrier between here and the gold Coast ; no freeway or El train to keep the. ghetto cut off ... so they do some minor alteration , clad the cinderblock in plaster and sell the lot off as condo . : bernadette how do they get away with that ? helen get up and head for the bathroom . helen well they do . come here ... 24 int . bathroom - night wo helen show bernadette the bathroom . it be small , with the & shower , the tub , the sink and the toilet cramme in . above the sink a medicine cabinet be set into the wall . the . cabinet have a mirrore door . 25 26 helen here 's the proof . helen open the medicine cabinet . helen it 's all in the article about ruthie mae 's murder ... ( she hand the paper to bernadette ) the killer , or- killer , they do not know which , smashed he way through the back of the cabinet ... ( she rap the back of the cabinet with she knuckle ) there 's no wall there . one piece of plywood separate we from next door . helen start to pry open the back of the cabinet . helen look . bernadette hey ! stop it ! there might be somebody in the bathroom . helen it 's okay . the apartment 's vacant . helen hold the wood panel open a crack and bernadette peer through . bernadette’s Pov through the crack 25 a dark bathroom , identical to helen 's . bernadette ( v.0 . ) that 's amazing . not oo int . bathroom bernadette suddenly jump back from the medicine cabinet . helen what 's wrong ? 27 19 , bernadette ( whisper ) someone 's in there . helen ( laugh ) there can not be . bernadette I think I see 'a light go on . they both start to giggle . helen close the mirrore door to the cabinet . bernadette creepy , eh ? helen grin . helen there 's more . they even print the address ... apartment 404 be where it all happen . we finally have a trail to follow ... they catch sight of themselves reflect in the mirror and both simultaneously have the same think . helen and bernadette ( chant together , giggle ) candyman , candyman , candyman , candyman , candyman , candyman , candyman , candyman , candyman , candyman , candyman , candyman ... they pause , know it to be the thirteenth time ... helen - ready ? candyman ! bernadette look sheepish . helen Chicken ... dissolve to : int . corridor helen 's apartment - night ( later ) 27 we be look down the corridor into the open door of the bathroom . the light be we . the mirrore medicine cabi : glint in the darkness . through the bedroom door we see 28 20 . helen asleep in bed . she be alone . trevor have not return . we move close onto helen . the sound of split wood suddenly wake she . it be come from the bathroom . helen lie still on the bed , listen . from the bathroom come another sound : a male grunt . still half asleep , and unsure of what be happen , helen 's eye scan the room for a weapon . she hear footstep walk tot he bedroom . helen watch the doorway , silently panic . she see nothing , just darkness . then the sound of breathing , deep , male , terrifying . suddenly , in the gloom , she see the figure of a man , lung towards the bed . . helen find she voice and scream . the man grab she . helen fight back with all she strength . a light be switch on . trevor - hey ! calm down ! it 's I ! trevor be hold she . she see he and stop struggle . she be still half asleep . , trevor who do you think it be ? he stroke she and kiss she . she put she arm around he . helen what time be it ? trevor ( kissing she ) it 's late , and I be smashed ... helen giggle and they start to make love . over trevor 's shoulder a look cross helen 's face as trevor go into he routine . fade CUT . fade in : moving high angle ( helicopter ) - day . 238 we be look vertically down onto a red car as it drive from the steel and glass canyon of the Chicago downtown ts a area of vacant lot strewn with garbage . from this heizn - 29 30 31 21. the city become a abstract pattern . the SOUND reach we as a eerie cacophony of horn , traffic and distant siren . int . car - day 29 helen be drive , bernadette be next to she . both be dress formally , both seem tense . bernadette go through she bag . we see its content ; a can of mace , a alarm . helen see she do this . helen what 's with the arsenal ? we be only go eight block . bernadette you be the one who get we dress up like cop . helen I say dress smartly . bernadette we look like cop . they both look at the barren landscape around they . the shattered vacant lot be a no-man 's land lead to the ghetto . Beyond , the grimy tower of cabrini Green rise over the horizon . bernadette ( consulting the map ) take a leave at the light ... moving high angle ( helicopter ) - day 30 follow the car as it turn leave and drive into cabrini Green . crumble highrise slide through the frame as helen 's car make its way across the empty crack blacktop past burn out car and shattered streetlamp . int . car ~ day 31 helen and bernadette drive slowly through cabrini . guarding the entrance to the building be group of gangbanger . they stare at the pass car . helen which way ? bernadette 's attention be distract by the eye boring int she . 22. bernadette ( hurriedly consulting the map ) umn ... I think ... helen let 's stop and ask . bernadette no ... no need ... go straight . they be approach a highrise , some of its window board up with plank and metal shutter . the entrance cover in graffiti . a gash of color against the monotone cinderblock . helen ( see the sign on the building ) Building '' 2 '' ... this be it . as they get closer we see that a group of five gangbanger stand barring the way to intruder . helen let 's go . bernadette be stare at the gangbanger , not want to get out of the car . helen what d' you think 's go to happen ? they be go to shoot you ? rape you ? bernadette no ...of course not ... helen ' then let 's go . . bernadette ( not move ) that 's not it . helen look at she suspicious . bernadette we may look like cop . but how d' you walk like a cop ? 32 33 34 23. helen ( grin ) with the cheek of you ass staple together . ext . cabrini GREEN day . 32 bernadette get out of the car after helen . she try the cop walk . the gangbanger watch they approach . helen ( to gangbanger ) hi. they do not reply but continue stare , unsure of what they be deal with . helen walk past they to the entrance hall . int . project build - day 33 helen and bernadette stand in the small entrance hall . shatter mail box opposite steel elevator door . every available surface be cover in graffiti ; multiple layer of design , name , incomprehensible scrawl . a explosion of discordant primary color . i Inside the building seem so derelict and unwelcome that no human be could inhabit it . helen and bernadette walk to the elevator and push the call button . the gangbanger watch . there be a long pause . bernadette feel eye boring hole in the back of she neck . then one of the gangbanger give a short laugh . helen call the elevator again . it be clearly not work . helen turn determinedly and lead : bernadette to the stairwell . they start to walk upstairs . i int . stairwell - day 34 the window be board and there be no light . we follow helen and bernadette as they climb the stair , which twist az right angle every ten step . each corner be totally blind ; who know what may lie ahead . they hear the gangbanger shouting up the stairweil , voice echoing . gangbanger ( 0.s. ) yo ! cop comin’ up the back stair !! helen wink at bernadette . 35 24 . helen the walk sell it . bernadette smile to cover she anxiety . int . ramp - project build - day 35 helen and bernadette emerge onto a ramp . a grille be fix across the balcony like a prison . as they walk along , a giant message be reveal , paint in extravagant color on the opposite wall . it read : sweet to the sweet helen reach into she bag and produce a camera . she begin to photograph the graffiti . it be far too large for a single shot so she move along the design take a composite picture . a door , completely camouflage by the graffiti , open ona chain . helen be startle . she see a rottweiler growl at she , hold back on a chain . a young woman stare out from behind the door . she be small and vulnerable : she name be anne-marie . helen hello ... I be sorry if I - Anne - Marie slam the door shut , leave helen and bernadette alone on the ramp again . helen continue to photograph the design . the graffiti seem to converge , perhaps even point to a batter door at the other end of the ramp . take picture all the way , helen be inexorably draw towards the door . bernadette follow , increasingly uncomfortable . the door bear the number 404 . helen here it be ... bernadette someone could be in there . helen shrug and knock loudly on the batter door . helen hello ... no answer . she push the door open . bernadette ( joke to cover she fear ) do not go in there ... 36 25 . they enter the apartment . int . apartment 404 - day 36 harsh sunlight stream in through crack in the board . they both almost gag on the smell of urine , which , cloying as incense , permeate the apartment . bernadette Jesus , it stink ! they move past a disembowel couch , deeper into the gloom . they foot squelch on the sodden carpet . the wall be cover in scrawl . helen move along the short corridor to the bathroom . helen . see ... I be right . the layout be identical ... this must be the bathroom ... the door be shut . helen go to open it . bernadette helen ! helen what 's the problem ? bernadette have lose she nerve . bernadette a woman die in there ... leave it . helen ignore she . bernadette turn away as she open the bathroom door . helen it 's okay ... there 's nothing to see . we see the break , soile bathroom fitting . the layout be the same as helen 's . helen wait a minute ... she see the medicine cabinet . helen open it . the back pane have be smashed through , leave a gape black hole . bernadette move close to helen , she shiver . bernadette that 's where he crawle through , right ? bernadette ( cont . ) ( pause ) well , we find it . let 's go . helen be take picture of the bathroom . helen alright ... bernadette breath a sigh of relief . helen ( refer to the hole in the cabinet ) just help I up and as soon as I get back we will be out of here . bernadette '' you be not serious ! helen it 's just a derelict apartment . bernadette then what 's the big deal ? we should not be hear . helen you want to nail purcell or not ? bernadette of course I do . helen help I up . bernadette pause . helen I promise I will be quick . bernadette reluctantly help helen up through the hole . land on the other side with a clatter . bernadette be careful . helen look back at bernadette through the hole and disappear through blackness . 26 . she 38 39 27 . int . apartment beyond the hole - day 37 helen move cautiously through the next door apartment . it be in a similar state of dereliction . she take photo , use the moment of light from the flash on she camera to guide she way through the sordid pile of garbage . in the far wall of what must once have be the live room , a large hole have be sledgehammered . the thin cinderblock smashed through with ease . helen clamber through lead deeper and deeper into this labyrinth . int . beyond the . second hole - day 38 we pull back with helen as she scramble through the second hole . the camera reveal something she have not yet see : a vast head have be spray onto the bare cinderblock around the hole , which be place centrally like a mouth . cheekbone jutting through the dark skin ; tooth sharpen to irregular point , all converge on the hole . it be a face fill with ruin beauty , at one terrifying and perversely attractive . a nightmarish vision , to be sure , but somewhere in he eye be a melancholy . helen turn and see the painting . his eye fix mercilessly . she raise she camera . there be a whirring sound as she have come to the end of a roll of film . her bag with the replacement , she leave with bernadette . helen idiot . her foot stumble against a squalid mattress on the floor . she glance down . something glisten in the light . helen bed down to look more closely . it be a handful of candy — chocolate and caramel — wrap in bright paper . she open one and jump . something have prick she finger . close on the candy a razor blade have be neatly insert into the piece of candy . on helen gingerly pick through the candy . underneath it be a dozen razor blade . there be blood on several . bernadette wait by the hole , immobilize , willing helen t> int . apartment 404 - day 39 return . helen 's head appear in the hole . | 28 . helen bernadette — bernadette jump , and then help helen out of the hole . helen I have get to go back ... run out of film ... bernadette have really have enough . bernadette no way ! she close the medicine cabinet door . as she do so a figure be reveal reflect in the mirror , stand behind they . they spin round . the figure be silhouett against the daylight from the doorway . helen who — ? the figure hold a rottweiler at bay on a chain . it be Anne - Marie , the woman who peer at they from the door . anne-marie hey ! what you doin’ in there ? bernadette we be leave ... helen shoot bernadette a look and approach anne-marie . anne-marie you here for the sweep ? helen we be not cop . ( extend . she . hand ) we be from the University . anne-marie you do not belong , lady , you do not belong ... helen I be helen Buchanan , and this be bernadette walsh . we be work x on athesis . we would like to talk to = you if you have the time ... 40 40 a anne~marie you case worker ? helen no ... here ... ( she hand Anne - Marie she card ) it have only take five minute ... Anne - Marie study the card . we hear a baby crying . Anne - Marie react immediately to the sound . anne-marie my baby . she walk away from they back down the ramp . helen follow with bernadette in tow . int . ramp - day 40 Anne - Marie arrive at she door . helen close behind . anne-marie whites do not never come through here , ' cept to cause we a problem . helen believe I , that 's the last thing we have want to do . Anne - Marie enter she apartment . we hear the baby howling . helen glimpsis inside . in total contrast to the abject squalor of the common part , Anne - Marie have build a home for herself . the furniture may be old and tatter , but the place be clean and comfortable . int . - anne -marie's apartment - day 40a the rottweiler hold helen at the threshold while Anne - Marie go to the baby and pick he up . anne-marie you say you be doin’ a study . what you gonna say ? that we / be bad , we steal , we gangbang , we do drug ? anne-marie ( cont . ) ( she comfort the child ) hush ...hush ... - helen try to move into the apartment . the dog growl . 30 . anne-marie we be not all like that asshole downstairs y’know . all I want be to raise my child good . ( she extend she hand ) Anne - Marie mccoy . helen and bernadette move across the threshold and shake she hand . the dog still keep he eye on they . , helen he 's a beautiful boy . anne-marie he 's all I get . the child be quiet now . helen what 's he name ? anne-marie Anthony . helen I be sorry if we disturb you . bernadette we will get out of you way . anne~-marie it 's okay ... I do not mean to '' be rude . it 's just most white be not too handshakin ' with we . baby Anthony be sick on Anne - Marie 's shoulder . anne-marie oh ... she move to the sink tc get a cloth . helen let I help . she pick up the cloth and sponge Anne - Marie 's shoulder . anne-marie thanks . you get kid ? '' 41 31 . helen no . I would love one though . anne-marie you can live in the finest neighborhood , in the best house , but if you child be gonna be bad , you child be gonna be bad . that 's why I be gonna monitor he bigtime ... ( pause ) you wanna know about ruthie mae ? helen yes . anne-marie : they all be here . the cop , the caseworker , newspaper . they all want to know . ' ( pause ) I hear she screamin . I hear she through the wall . helen be chill . anne-marie I diall 911 , and nobody come . ( she start tremble at the memory ) nobody come . everybody 's scared . he could smash right through . the wall . I be scared for my child . ( pause ) they be not never goin ' to catch he . helen who ? anne-marie candyman . int . restaurant - night purcell , a man grow obese on the delight of the lecture circuit , hold court at a table . he be flanke by trevor ::: archie — bernadette 's husband — a man who have a habit of 32 . burst into loud laughter , whether appropriate or not . helen and bernadette have reluctantly accompany they spouse . purcell ( jutting he lower lip out as far as it will go ) +.. that be how I discover that the poonas think it impolite to index with they finger ... purcell thrust he lip out again . archie burst out laugh . helen roll she eye up in bernadette 's direction . bernadette give she a keep - it-quiet look . trevor purcell , have you read janowski 's latest ? purcell . ( snort ) how be I mean to take that man seriously , when he dress out of a l.l. bean catalogue ? archie laugh again . purcell 's piggy eye fall on the woman . purcell so how be we two most beautiful graduate student get on ? trevor tell I you have be dabbling in my favorite subject . helen 's eye flash a look . trevor turn to she imploringly . purcell ( patronize ) I can not wait to review you data . helen be about to say something , but bernadette jump in to rescue she . bernadette we would really appreciate that , purcell . purcell marvelous . I think I could fit you in tomorrow morning . helen be alarmed . S 33. helen we be not ready . purcell that be precisely the moment I can be of service ... ( look knowingly at the man ) before you wander off down the path to academic oblivion . archie laugh . helen grit she tooth . helen actually , purcell , I think we be about to bury you . the table go quiet . bernadette look pain . trevor angry . trevor helen — purcell sit back in he chair , spread he hand across he stomach . a embarrassing pause , break by archie . purcell it be a shame , my dear , that you should be so needlessly arrogant . after all , I be consider to have some knowledge of this urban belief tale . however , I will not push the point . youth must be give its head ... helen bite she tongue . bernadette try to make amend . bernadette I be sure in a week or so we will have something for you . it 's just that we only go to cabrini today and — purcell 's eye light up . purcell ah! cabrini Green ! candyman country . helen react . 34 . purcell helen , if you be after the hook - man , you must read the paper I write about he some , let I see ... ten year ago ... helen regards he suspiciously . helen how do you know that we have trace the legend to cabrini ? purcell I do not . you be merely follow in my footstep , be - invent the wheel as it be . you do know the Story , do not you ? helen sigh , swallow she pride . helen ( quiet ) no. purcell ( to the whole table ) then how on earth be you go to bury I ! he laugh . purcell the legend date back to the time when cabrini Green be a good deal greener than it be today ; before the great fire , around 1890 , I think . candyman be consider something of a dandy , a lady 's man , a seducer . apparently he be - very good at it and be much seek after . however , he have the misfortune to turn the head of the only daughter of a wealthy landowner . they meet in secret and be very much in love . he be black and be white ... helen listen , hat the teller , but catch by the tale . purcell the girl become pregnant and she father execute a terrible revenge ... versus 42 43 44 45 35 . purcell ( cont . ) ( with relish ) he pay a pack of brutal hooligan to do the deed ; they chase he through the town to cabrini Green . no one have the courage to come to he aid . they hold he down and saw off he right hand with a rusty blade . this be merely the beginning of he ordeal . he be stripped naked and spread-eagled on some rock . nearby be a apiary ; dozen of hive fill with hungry bee . they smashed the hive , steal the honeycomb and smear it on he prone body . he be stung to death by the bee ... a pause . purcell have they all rapt . purcell so , helen , tomorrow at nine , come and tell I what you know about we friend candyman . he rap the table with he knuckle , applaud himself . deleted deleted deleted int . apartment 404 - beyond the second hole - day the image of the massive head fill the frame . close on helen stare into he eye . almost hypnotize . she raise she camera and take a series of shot in rapid succession . on the painting the flash from the camera seem to animate the head . helen candyman ... 42 43 44 45 46 e 36 . int . ramp - day 46 helen emerge from apartment 404 , glad to be out of there . she walk down the ramp to Anne - Marie 's door . a boy , eight year old , stand on the ramp , as if wait for she . he have glitter eye and a strange air about he , as if he be far older than he year . helen knock on Anne - Marie 's door . boy Anne - Marie be not in . helen oh . be you sure ? boy yeah . she say you would be back . helen knock again . the boy stand wait , impassive . there be no answer . helen peer in through the window . it be dark inside . suddenly a pair of eye confront she . the dog have jump up at the window . it stand on its hind leg , panting . , the boy be still wait . helen squat down to he height . helen what 's you name ? boy Jake . helen listen , Jake , I be helen . maybe you can help I . there be some thing I need to know about ' the lady who get kill . Jake do not react . helen do you know anything about that ? Jake stand motionless , then slowly shake he head . helen her name be ruthie mae . jake I do not kncw nothin’ . helen do not anycne talk about it ? Jake stare at she . 37 . helen Jake , it 's okay to tell I . I be not ..a cop . nobody will get in trouble . jake I can not say nothin 's ... or candyma n 's 11 get I . helen candyman ? ( pause ) be you scared of he ? jake I be not scared of nobody . you be crazy walkin’ here on you own , lady . it be not safe round here ... helen smile at Jake . helen : I do not scare easy either , Jake . you do not have to tell I anything . ( pause ) just show I ... show I where I can find candyman . and I 'il make a promise to you . it will be we secret . Jake 's face betray nothing . helen you sure you be not scared ? Jake look insulted . 47 cabrini GREEN - high angle - day Jake lead helen across the batter blacktop past a ruin playground , shattered climb frame strewn about . 48 ext . blacktop - moving with helen and jake - day they round the corner cf building and enter another courtyard . they pass a large pile of smashed furniture and dead sapling . & helen somebody building a bonfire ? ae 38 . jake yeah . for the party . 49 ext . STREET - day 49 helen and Jake be on the perimeter of the project . a crummy little street with a small row of store . the store be so defend with grill and mesh on they window that it be difficult to say whether they be open or close . nearby be a basketball court . a group of gangbanger loiter there . they watch , but keep they distance . by the basketball court be a public urinal , a low concrete block , graffiti encrust and emit a stench that leak out onto the street . Jake stop in front of it . Jake point at the door . jake in there . helen candyman be in there ? jake my friend Charlie say so . ( pause ) a boy get kill there . helen who be it ? jake ai not sure . Charlie tell I he be weird . Jake point to he head . helen crazy ? jake no ... a retard . ( pause ) his mom be in the store ... helen surreptitiously push the record button on the walkman in she pocket as he begin he tale . jake ... and the boy — he need to go — y’know , to the bathroom . his mom be takin 's she time , choosin 's this , 50 51 52 53 54 39 . jake ( cont . ) lookin 's at that . the boy start moanin’ , so he mom get mad at he , send he ' cross - the street . he do not wanna go . he say it dirty there . Jake pause , relishing the tell of the tale . helen listen , catch . int . general store - day 50 jake ( v.0 . ) his mom be at the checkout ... a harass but pleasant - look mother stand in the small store while a young girl total she purchase . jake ( v.0 . ) ».. she hear she boy screamin 's ... the most appall animal - like cry fill the track . the mother 's face fill with horror . she start shaking and cry . mother 's Pov - the urinal 51 with the scream come from inside . the sound of a animal in its death throes . ext . STREET - day 52 Jake tell the story to helen . jake :' there 's a big guy there ... he run over to check it out ... ext . store - day 33 the mother cry . people collect on the street , draw by the dreadful noise . a huge tough guy stride fast towards the toilet . tough guy 's Pov charge to the urinal decor . push it open ... '' 56 57 40 . ext . STREET - helen and jake - day $ 5 jake the guy go in . a big tough guy , right ? ( pause ) he come outta there and he 's shakin 's and cryin’ . he only be in five second ... he come out , he hair be white . I mean , it turn white ! just like that ... the sound of scream subside on the track . helen be chill . helen he be murder ? jake worse . he 's lie on the floor in a pool of blood , holdin’ himself . Jake clutches he groin with both hand . int . toilet - day 56 the Boy on the floor , convulse with agony . as we pull out , we see for a subliminal instant : he hand grasp he blood - drench groin . the camera move to a toilet bowl . before we can see inside we ... ext . STREET - day 57 jake they find it ... float in the toilet . can not fix that ... better off dead . | helen do candyman do this ? Jake nod . helen raise she camera and take a shot of the urinal . helen wait here . helen enter the urinal . 58 59 60 41 . int . urinal - day 58 Inside , the filth be indescribable . helen nearly gag as the stench hit she . there be three stall opposite three filth -encrust urinal . the basin be smashed and hang limply from the wall . helen start take picture . the door to the stall be all shut . helen approach the first one , step over ominous puddle . she push the door open , revealing a sordid toilet . helen look in the second stall . the same . helen open the door to the third stall . . on the wall , in massive letter , write in shit , there be a message : sweet to the sweet a arrow point to the toilet bowl . several bee hover around the toilet . helen take a picture and then gingerly reach down to lift the lid . she jump back . the toilet bowl be fill to the brim with bee , all feed on something unseen . buz angrily . helen react fast and slam the lid back down . she press the flush , release a torrent of water . the buz stop as the bee drow . ext . STREET - day 59 Jake hear the sound of the flush , stand by the urinal . a large man — we only see he back — step into frame behind Jake . Jake turn to he . jake candyman ... int . urinal - day 60 helen hear footstep approach the urinal . a tall man in a long black leather coat enter , walk slowly . Three other follow he . see helen , they stand and stare . nostril flaring at the overpower stench . helen Excuse I cur . I be do here . I will be ouc of you way . she move to go . they be block she exit . 61 helen ( in control of she fear ) I be not interested in you business . I be from the University of Illinois . I do not want to interfere , or cause you any kind of problem ... they advance towards she . one of the man go to g : arm from behind . she twist it away for the moment helen ( aggressive ) do not touch I , asshole !! they pause . the invisible line have be cross . in real danger . . helen you be not be smart . my colleague know where I be . I be expect back . you fuck with I and so much heat will come down ... the man in the leather coat consider this for a mo man we hear you be lookin’ for candyman , bitch ... his right hand be in he pocket . he pull it out . hold a butcher 's hook . man you find he ... 42 . rab she helen be ment . he be helen be grab from behind . the man swing the hook . it smashes across she face . ext . STREET - day Jake watch the urinal , freeze . we hear helen 's scream mix with the sound of blows raining down on she . all be quiet . the four man file out of the urinal . suddeni ; when they have go , Jake slowly approach the door . J 43. int . urinal - day 62 the door open , revealing helen lie on the floor . she be cover in blood and badly beat . she try to pick herself up off the floor . Jake regards she . int . 18 th district police station - line - up room - night 63 a group of Black Men file into the line - up room . second from the end be the man in the long coat . they stand face a two - way mirror . . behind the two way mirror - night 64 detective frank valento , a cop in he early fifty with a seen- it- all - before manner , wait for helen 's response . helen be badly bruise and swollen . helen number six . frank good work . helen how do you catch he ? frank : we sweep the place . you start on the top floor and work you way down . that way , you flush ‘em all out . Whole of cabrini be lock down now . helen oh . . frank this guy be one mean mother . come up short with the drug or the money and boom ! he ' have pop you . you be very iucky to be alive Ms. Buchanan . helen do he kill ruthie mae ? frank no question . kill that poor kid as well . he run the vicelord . 65 44 . frank ( cont . ) } we know all about he . only reason he be not pick up before be we could not get anyone to testify . we can not protect they down there and they know that ... helen what about the boy , Jake ? frank we do not need he . we have get you . ( he laugh ) and I guess you be not plan on hang out at cabrini anymore ! int . interview room - night . 65 Jake sit forlornly with a officer . he look scared . Frank show helen into the room . Jake barely look up at she . she go over to he and put she arm around he shoulder . helen I want to thank you Jake ... for save my life . he look at she accusingly . jake I want to go home . frank we will get you out of here right away , kid , you do goad ... Jake stare at helen . jake ' you lie . you say it be we secret . helen it be Jake . you do not have to go to court . jake candyman will get I . helen candyman be not real . it 's just a story . like frankenstein or dracula . a bad guy take he name 66 of 67 45 . helen ( cont . ) to scare you . he 's lock up now and everything will be alright . Jake believe she , but instead of show relief , he face fall . jake candyman be not real ... he turn away from helen . int . helen 's apartment - night 66 trevor open the front door and enter . helen rush towards : he and fling she arm around he neck . trevor hey ! hold on ! we see the swell have go down on helen 's face . trevor you 's be suppose to be the invalid . they move into the live room . helen I feel much better . helen have cook dinner , the table be laid for two . she sit trevor down and go into the kitchen . she return with two plate of food . trevor 's face fill with anxiety . . the food look exquisite . helen you have already . eat ? trevor ( lie ) no . or course not . int . helen 's apartment - night ( later ) o7 trevor sit on the couch , helen lie across he lap . the 7. be on with the SOUND off . helen you sure you do not want desert ? trevor look stuff to burst . 46 . trevor later honey ... ( helen frown ) it look delicious ... helen do not worry , it will keep . that 's not what I be think . trevor what 's up ? helen the look on that kid 's face when I tell he that candyman do not exist . it be like he just find out the truth about Santa Claus . trevor and the world just become a duller . place ... fade out . 68 deleted 68 69 int . high angle - university campus - day 69 a complex concrete quadrangle . student teem about , move with great purpose . 70 ext . campus quadrangle - day 70 bernadette embrace helen . bernadette it 's so good to have you back . helen 's bruise be almost heal . : bernadette I be just glad you be okay . I would have tctally freak . helen you know what bother I about the whole thing ? two people get brutally murder , and the cop do nothing . a white woman get attack and they lock the place down . kind of show they é priority , eh ? 71 47 . bernadette that guy be evil , you get he put away . that 's all that matter . they be approach a parking structure . int . elevator - parking structure - day 71 helen and bernadette descend in the elevator . bernadette oh , I have a surprise for you . she reach in she bag and produce a box of slide . helen the photo ? bernadette yes ! a friend of mine in the photography department manage to rescue most of they . helen ( take the slide ) I have write they off , the camera be so smashed ... the elevator door open . bernadette go to leave , but pause , hold the door . . bernadette that 's not all . I have be in touch with some publisher . there 's a lot of interest , since you make the local section ! helen 's eye light up . : helen '' we do it , do not we ? they embrace again and then bernadette leave to find she car . bernadette shout back to helen as the door close . bernadette I will be in around nine and we will get start . helen see you there . 72 o 48. helen be leave alone in the elevator as it descend . she fluff she hair in the mirror , try to hide a persistent bruise . the door open again , revealing a man stand in the parking structure , reflect over she shoulder in the mirror . int . parking structure - day 72 helen leave the elevator and walk towards she car . she vaguely notice the man , a talk dark silhouette , stand as if wait for something , but she pay he little attention . helen arrive at she car and search in she bag for she key . a dark shape cross the foreground . man helen ... she turn at the sound of she name . the man stand a short distance away , silhouett against a pool of light in the gloomy parking structure . his voice be rich and sonorous . helen ( friendly ) yes ? man I come for you . there be a buz sound , the sound of a sleepy afternoon far from here . helen ( still friendly ) do I know you ? man no . but you doubted I . helen open the car door and be about to get in . : helen I be sorry . I have to go . he speak , murmure so softly that seduction might be in the air . man no need tc leave yet . helen ( wary ) I be late ... 73 74 49 . he move towards she and light fall on he face . helen freeze . the fine cheekbone , the sparkling eye . she have see this face before . man you be not content with the storey , so I be oblige to come ... he be finely dress , he dark suit a antique cut . his right hand hide in he coat pocket . he pull he hand out of he pocket . the hand have be crudely sawn off . a butcher 's hook ram into the bloody stump . candyman be my victim ... on helen her eye fill with terror . candyman move closer , hook ready . candyman ... be my victim . on helen her eye roll up . she pass out . slow fade to : black screen 73 fill with thousand of bee . candyman ( v.0o . ) ( with remorse ) they will say we have shed innocent blood . then what be blood for if not for shed ? the bee explode towards we . smash CUT to : close on helen 's eye 4 they open , terrify . the appall sound of a woman scream , crying , begging -- God for deliverance fill =he track . be 75 76 so . int . bathroom - night 75 helen lie sprawle on the floor . she be cover in blood , as be the bathroom . she check she torso with she hand . she be intact , the blood be ' not hers . we hear the scream and moaning come from the other room . the bathroom be identical to she own , but slowly she realize where she be ; cabrini Green . helen pick herself up off the floor . the gout of blood extend out into the hall . a butcher 's cleaver lie discard on the floor . helen pick it up for protection . int . corridor - night 76 helen move gingerly through the dark apartment . the woman 's voice continue . it be Anne - Marie 's voice . anne-marie ( v.0 . ) ( scream ) oh GOD !!! oh GOD !!! help I !!! help I please !!! move forward , helen see the rottweiler . it lie dead on the floor . its throat rip out . the scream come from the bedroom door . helen push it open ... int . bedroom - night 17 the door open to reveal a terrible sight . Anne - Marie stand twitching and jerk , literally tear she hair out . in front of she be the baby 's crib . it be soak in blood . anne~marie . my child !!!!! my child !!! GOD help I !!! helen stand in the doorway , daze , in shock , soak in blood and hold a hatchet . Anne - Marie see she through she veil of tear . she let out a bloodcurdle scream . anne-marie she' here !!! she 's here !!! help I !!! somebody !!! Anne - Marie suddenly lunge at helen , in a animal rage . helen step back to avoid the onslaught of fist and foot . she instinctively raise she arm to protect herself . she catch Anne -marie on the arm with the cleaver , leave a deep gash . helen ( try to back away ) no! stop ! stop ! 78 o 2 ) helen back down the corridor , Anne - Marie come at she again . and again get catch on the cleaver . behind she the sound of splitting wood . the front door be | int . corridor - night 78 be sledgehammered in . Anne - Marie lunge . helen pull the blade away in time . helen stop ! calm down !! anne-marie murderer !!! helen wha — the door cave in . helen glance over she shoulder , still keep Anne - Marie at bay . cop ( v.0 . ) {through megaphone ) Lay down you weapon ! several cop edge they way through the shattered door . gun draw . helen drop the cleaver and raise she hand . Anne - Marie rush at she from behind . anne-marie she kill my baby !!!! she kill my baby ! !!! helen be knock to the ground . Anne - Marie grab the cleaver and raise it . a cop grab she arm . helen lie still on the ground wait for this insane nightmare to end . Anne - Marie be lead away , cry hysterically . cop '' stay where you be !! helen do not move . she start shaking . cop do not move cr we will shoot !! she look up . the cop keep they distance , they gun poinz at she head , they finger itchy on the triggers . her leg will not move . a cop jump on she back . he yank she arm behind she and slap on plastic cuff . helen be drag =o she foot . the cop frog march she outside . 80 81 82 $ 2. int . ramp ~- night 79 a helicopter hover by the building , its light train on Anne - Marie 's apartment , bathing the scene in a eerie glow . helen try to speak but the roar of the chopper drown she out . face stare at she from doorway . they expression fill with hatred . helen be lead away , she foot trip as they frog march she along . deleted int . search room ~ night 81 the policewoman face helen . disgust on they face . 1st policewoman Strip . helen undress nervously , down to she underwear . her belonging include the box of slide , spread out on the table . helen ( indicate she bloodstain clothes ) could I shower ? 1st policewoman ( ignore she ) remove you underwear . helen strip completely naked . 1st policewoman Bend over and spread you cheek . helen comply , humiliate and afraid . helen io want tc speak to detective valento . int . interrogation room ~ night 32 helen , she face wash but still wear she bloody clothes , sit wait in the small featureless room with a policewoman . Frank valento enter with o’grady , he partner , a big mean look detective . helen ( relieved ) Frank ... I have to talk to you ... the detective sit . frank Ms. Buchanan , you be under arrest ... helen please , let I explain ... frank do you understand ? helen yes , but listen — frank you have the right to remain Silent . do you understand ? helen this be crazy . I be attack . o’ grady respond to the question . helen I understand ... look , Frank , he come after I , he 's try to kill I ... Frank ignore she and read from a file . frank at around ten p.m. , Anne - Marie mccoy return to she apartment . she discover she dog with its throat cut . she cry for assistance , at which point you attack she with a meat cleaver . you be still in possession of this weapon when the arrest officer come to she aid . helen be about to answer . o/ 's grady jump in . o'grady where 's the baby ? $ 3. 83 84 helen ( confuse ) I ... I - frank Ms. mccoy leave she apartment for approximately ten minute . she go to a neighbor 's to make a phone call . the child be asleep . on she return , he be miss from he bed , which be soak in blood ... o’ grady you sick fuck . helen start shaking . the detective stare . frank before I ask any further question , would you like to have counsel — yes or no ? helen feel the panic rise , catch in some insane kafkaesque nightmare . helen . I ... I want to make a phone call . int . corridor - night 83 helen stand by the payphone dial , the policewoman stand guard . she wait anxiously for a connection . int . helen 's apartment ~ night . 34 the phone ringing . there be nobody there , the bed be unslept in . the message machine pick up . trevor ( v.0o . ) ( on answerphone ) I be sorry we can not take you call , please leave a message after the tone . helen 's voice echoe arsund the apartment . helen ( v.0 . ) ( through phone ) trevor ... be you there ?... pick up ! 85 86 86 55 . different view of the empty room . helen ( v.0 . ) ( continue ; through phone ) it 's a emergency ... be you there ? int . corridor - night 85 helen put the phone down . helen ( to policewoman ) it 's three a.m. , where be he ? int . isolation cell - night 86 the door clang shut , leave helen lock up alone . she sit on the bare bench try to make some sense of all this . she hear a knocking on the wall from the next cell . then a voice . voice ( through wall ) hey ! you in there ! helen put she ear to the wall , it be a woman 's voice . voice ( continue ; through wall ) you bitch ! you cunt ! we know what you do ! helen jerk back shocked . the muffled ranting of obscenity continue . she cover she ear and curl into a fetal position , try to block everything out . a wrenching metallic SOUND and we ... int . isolation cell - say the door be throw open . helen look up from the bench . have not sleep at all . trevor enter with a expensive attorney . trevor rush cv:r to she and help she = : she foot . she be too exhaust tc show any emotion . trevor we be get out of here . & 87 89 30 56 . helen manage a weak smile . trevor hand she a change of clothes . int . corridor - day 87 trevor help helen along the corridor , the attorney walk beside they . cop and police department worker stare as they pass . they reach the front of the building . through the glass door they can see journalist and tv Reporters wait . helen hide behind trevor . the attorney , John , take charge . - JOHN ( to trevor ) cover she face ... say nothing . it 's half a block to the car . trevor take off he jacket and cover helen . they move through the door , to face the gauntlet . ext . 18 th district build - day 89 a barrage of question from the reporter . they plunge through the reporter , who fire . question . int . helen 's apartment - day 30 -— _- the-image of helen be lead , . with the jacket cover she head to the car be on the tv . helen sit silentiy on the couch , watch . , tv reporter ++.@ suspect be release after question this morning . baby Anthony be still miss , now fear dead by police officer ... trevor turn off the tv . the attorney sit face they clutching he briefcase . trevor you be not mention . good . he try to comfort she . the attorney stir and clear he throat . jchn as it stand all they really have on you be e assault . if we can establish @ truth of the rest of you story , there become no question that it be self - defense . they have not cnarge you because 91 JOHN ( cont . ) they think they 's 1ll find the body . helen , I be afraid they 's be shoot for murder one ... helen ( quiet ) do you think I do it ? trevor nobody believe that . it 's impossible . helen but it 's cross you mind . JOHN be there anything , any detail however small , that you can recall that would help we substantiate you version of event . helen regards he with eye black from exhaustion . helen I see he ... he threaten I and . I black out . I ... I do not know what . happen . when I wake up I be in that place ... and there be blood everywhere ... ( pause ) I think he 's try to destroy I ... . trevor regards she . int . bathroom - day ( later ) 91 helen lie in the bath , half - heartedly wash herself . trevor appear at the door . trevor can I get you anything ? helen no , it 's cxay . trevor kneel down by the side of the bath and kiss she . trevor you sure ? 92 38 . helen trevor ... trevor uh huh . helen where be you last night ? trevor here . I be fast asleep . I think you be with bernadette . helen , I need you and you be not there . trevor put he arm around she . trevor I will stand by you . we / will get through this . helen you promise ? trevor I swear to you ... helen be comfort by he word . trevor I be go to go to the campus to fetch some work . but. will you be okay on you own ? helen you go . I will be fine . : trevor I will only be twenty minute ... he kiss she and exit . with in ) int . live room - day no room , drying she hair . her gaz fall on the bag full she belonging that be take c she when she be arrest . a think occur to she . she open the bag and get cut the box of slide . helen walk into the int . live room - day ( later ) 93 close on carousel projector slide click through the projection gate . wider helen have pull the drape shut . she project the slide large on the live room wall . : on the slide various view of cabrini Green , the graffiti cover wall , chart helen 's journey up to apartment 404 . on helen click the image through the gate , rapidly . she pause . on the slide the wall along the ramp bear the message : sweet to the sweet on helen think . she continue . the slide the rapidly change image take we deep into the apartment . she pass a shot of the medicine cabinet , the flash reflect in the mirror as a bright flare . finally , . she stop on the painting of candyman . his vast head stare at we . helen regard the image , she mind racing . helen {to herself ) proof ... I need proof ... the slide after this image they be all fogge , the film ruin in camera when it be smashed . helen sigh and click backwards through the slide . 60 . the slide we pass the shot of the medicine cabinet again and end up back on the ramp . helen frown , something have catch she attention . she move the slide forward again . the slide she have stop on the image of the medicine cabinet . a bright flash in a dark frame . helen twist the zoom lens on the projector , enlarge the image on the wall . . the slide as the image grow in size , we can begin to make out the reflection of helen in the mirror , take the shot . close on zoom lens helen twist it further . the slide as the image grow in size , in the murky grain behind she reflection , we see candyman , stand silhouett over she shoulder . helen switch off the projector . a feel of dread wash over she . wider helen throw open the drape , let the light flood in . she turn slowly to the corridor . helen 's Pov the corridor lead frcm the live room to the bathroom . the door be open . we see the medicine cabinet . [ ts posic identical to the photcgraph . helen walk towards the bathroom . @ 94 95 61 . helen 's Pov move towards the medicine cabinet , reflect in its mirrore door . int , bathroom 94 helen regards she reflection . she look over she shoulder , down the corridor . nothing . gingerly she open the cabinet , watch the mirror . it inch open show only the corridor . she breathes a sigh of relief and shake she head at she irrational fear . helen reach in the cabinet for a bottle of paracetamo . suddenly a bloody hook ram through the back of the cabinet . helen shriek and back out of the bathroom . int . corridor - day 95 helen back away from the bathroom . we hear the SOUND of the cabinet be tear from the wall . she head for the kitchen . as she do so , we see : candyman stand behind her , in the corridor ! helen . shriek and whirl round to face he . candyman believe in I . be my victim . he raise he hook hand . helen get out of my house ! helen glance over to the kitchen . a rack of knife glint in the sun . helen edge closer to the kitchen . candyman move towards she . candyman do you believe in I ? helen what do yiu think ? nen door to helen 's leave . the they edge closer , the stalker and he prey . candyman then why do you want to live ? e 96 62. candyman suddenly lash out with he hook tear a gash in the wall with superhuman strength . helen dart for the kitchen . int . kitchen - day 96 she grab the large knife and turn to face he . we hear he footstep leisurely approach . helen grab a large fry pan , ram it on the stove and pour a bottle of oil into it . she turn the gas on high . candyman appear in the doorway . helen keep away from I !! as he stand there we hear the buz of the bee that emanate from he . he move slowly towards she . candyman if you would learn just a little from I ... you would not beg to live . helen glance at the oil , start to heat . candyman advance , he voice drop to a whisper . candyman I be rumor . it be a bless condition , believe I . to live in people 's dream ; to be whisper at street corner , but not to have to be . do you understand ? the oil be boil now . helen wait for the moment to fling it at he . candyman . you disbelief destroy the faith of my congregation . without they iam nothing . so I be oblige to come . and now I must kill you ... helen hurl the pan of boil oil at he . the oil sizzle on he face and coat , cut candyman seem unconcern . she fling every available spject at he ; bottle and plate shatter around the kit no nothing slow he advance . helen be back into the corner . she lash out with the knife , try to keep nim at bay . candyman grab the knife by the blade and pries it from she hand . he jam he hook under she throat . he whisper in she ear with he sonorcus seductive voice . 97 98 63. candyman think ; think . if I kill you here — if I unhook you ... he trace the path of the promise wound with he hook , from the neck to the groin . seriously , like a seduction . candyman think how they would mark this place with they talk ... point it out as they pass and say , '' she die there , the girl with the green eye . '' you death would be a tale to frighten child . to make lover cling closer in they rapture ... come with I and be immortal ... he dig the hook into she neck , draw blood . . candyman be my victim . helen no. cand yman I have the child . allow I to take you or he will die in you place ... helen oh God ... no ... no ... candyman ready he hook for the thrust . helen close she eye , expect the moment of death . the doorbell ring . ext . helen 's. apartment - day bernadette push =he dcorbell . she stand wait with a bunch of flower for helen . int . kitchen - day he pick up the knife . shaking . candyman move away = helen sink into the ccrner , ww @ 99 100 101 102 103 104 64 . ext . helen' apartment - day 99 bernadette wait . the doorknob turn . bernadette smile expect to see helen on the threshold . the door swing open . bernadette ( puzzle ) helen ? she enter the apartment . int . helen 's apartment - day 100 bernadette walk into the apartment . candyman be nowhere to be see . bernadette be shocked at the sight of the gash in the wall . bernadette ( call ) helen ? helen ? she move further into the apartment . int . kitchen - day 101 helen crouch on the floor . she be shocked to hear wbernadette 's voice . , helen get out of here !! run !! he 's here !! int . hallway - day 192 bernadette move quickly towards helen 's voice . bernadette helen ! my God !! what 's go on ? int . kitchen - day 193 helen scream at she . get out now !!! int . hallway - day 24 bernadette be confuse . bernadette what ? | 65 . candyman rise behind bernadette in the hallway mirror ! 105 int . kitchen - day 105 we hear one shriek and then the most terrible ripping SOUND . helen scream . helen nooooo !!!! nooooco !!!!! tear run down she cheek . we hear footstep approach the kitchen and guttural breathing , deep male , terrifying . helen grab a knife , ready to fight to the last . a figure appear in the kitchen doorway . it be trevor . he ; be white as a sheet , he mouth slack with shock . helen face he , she face smear with blood from the shallow wound on ' she neck , brandish a knife . : trevor Jesus ... Jesus ... Jesus ... helen trevor ... he 's here ... he 's here ... she sink to she knee and black out . - fade out . '' 106 black screen 106 fill with thousand of bee . helen ( v.0o . ) do not let he kill I . 107 close on helen 107 eye open slowly . then a sudden sharp pain . close : on a hypodermic discharge into she arm . helen 's Pov a Doctor lean over ner . she be on the bed . everything .5 smashed in the room . the sound muffle . trevor be by the bed , shaking , terrify . 6 trevor oh God ... oh ged ... I be only go a hour ... 108 109 66 . close on helen try desperately to speak . she can only croak . fade to : black screen 108 the bee , buz angrily . the sound be mix with radio noise , footstep and clatter . fade to : helen 's Pov 109 the bedroom be empty , but helen can hear the noise of several people . | on helen puzzle . helen 's S " Pov look to the side of the bed . a policewoman sit watch she . some cop move through the room . on helen she swallow to lubricate she throat . helen ( croaking ) trevor ... the policewoman regards she severely . helen try to get up . her hand be bound with plastic cuff . she start to panic . helen ( louder ) trevor . helen try to raise herself , it be hard without the use of she arm . the policewoman move forward and hold she down by the shoulder . helen what — ? she start to struggle , cry to wriggle off the bed . helen get off I ... '' 67 . she wriggy out from under the policewoman and roll off the bed . she be up and out of the room before the policewoman can stop she . helen 's Pov rush into the live room . the place be swarm with cop . they cease they activity and turn and stare . as do the coroner and he Assistant who be photograph bernadette 's disembowel body which lie sprawle on the carpet . on helen her hand go involuntarily to she mouth . the policewoman grab she from behind and hold she . helen 's Pov face stare at she . trevor look up from the couch , ashen '' face . Frank valento be with he . on helen too shocked to speak . her mouth move but no sound come . a long terrible moment of silence . frank take she outside . the policewoman start to lead she to the door . helen 's Pov as she be lead out , she look back to trevor . he bury he head in he hand . helen trevor ... he can not look . on helen she turn to the policewoman . helen where be we go ? no answer . helen 's Pov face stare . lll 112 68. on helen she start to struggle . she turn back to the live room . helen 's Pov face stare . trevor can not look . Frank turn to he . frank ( to trevor ) go with she . trevor stand slowly and approach helen . on helen - as trevor approach , she start to cry . helen hold I trevor . hold I . trevor put he arm around she awkwardly . helen 's leg give way and she pass out . fade to : black screen 110 the bee . helen ( v.0o . ) ( barely audible ) he 's go to kill the baby . fade to : helen' Pov 211 from the back of a car . defocus light whirl through the frame . on helen ner head lolling against the car window , city light play across she face . her eye wander , drugge . helen he 's go to kill the baby . dissolve tc : int . bathroom - cabrini GREEN - apartment 404 - night 222 not - we move towards the hole in the back of the medicine cabine - . this be the sordid ruin apartment . a flicker orange 69 . light burn in the void beyond . we hear the sound of a baby crying . the camera pass through the hole revealing a room light by candy . the wall be spatter with blood . we continue to move forward , through another hole smashed in the wall and into a second chamber . the crying get louder . the second chamber be more blood bespatter than the first . a row of butcher 's hook dangle from the ceiling . terrible butchery have go on in here . we move through to another hole at the end of the chamber . this one be a inky black void . the crying get louder . we move right into the blackness . dissolve to : int . psychiatric hospital - corridor - night 113 helen be wheeled along the corridor on a gurney . close on her hand hold tight onto trevor as she be wheeled along . helen 's Pov trevor walk alongside the gurney . he do not look she in the eye . the gurney be push through double door . close on helen 's hand trevor let go , not follow the gurney through the door . on helen call back to he . helen trevor ! helen 's Pov the door shut behind the gurney , cut off she view of trevor . a orderly leck they fast , like a jailor . on helen still look back to he . helen ( shouting ) trevor ! 1214 70 . the gurney be wheeled into a small isolation room . int . isolation room - night 114 the room be totally bare except for a bed which be bolt to the floor . orderly lift helen onto the bed . then with the speed and efficiency of executioner , they strap she down with thick leather belt attach to the bed . helen start to struggle . helen hey ! what be this !!? they strap she foot , leg apart . her hand . helen stop !! a beit strap across she waist and another across she chest . helen you can not do this !!! ( panic ) he ’1ll come for I !!! she be utterly immobilize . the orderly file out and lock the door . helen ( shouting after they ) I can not defend myself !!! she be leave alone in the room . helen 's eye dart around the room . she start to hyperventilate . through the window in the door , she see a orderly peer in to check on she , then disappear from view . high angle look down on helen strapped to the bed . slowly , from underneath the bed , unseen by helen , candyman slide into view . side angle on the bed . candyman suddenly rise into view . his hook jam against she threat . 71 . he lower he face close to hers . he be on top of she , but she can feel no weight . he seem to be float over she . cand yman shhhhhh ... shhhhhh ... they will not hear you cry ... helen somebody help I !!!! he run he hook up and down she leg , stroking she thigh . - she shudder at the touch of the cold metal . candyman be immortality ever so easy ? be my victim ... helen get off I !!! candyman allow I at least , a kiss ... she turn she face away from he . candyman just one exquisite kiss ... I beg you ... , she turn suddenly to he and spit in he face . helen murderer ! !! candyman stroke she inner thigh , gently . candyman what do the good know ? except what the bad teach they by they excess . he position he hook to strike , from the groin upwards through the chest . helen freeze . cand yman I will not fsrce it upon you . I will not ob @ you to die . but think , you have see the invisible and experience the irrational . they have not . they will all abandon you . all you have leave be my desire for you ... '' & 115 72 . helen I will destroy you . you be evil . candyman seem sad at she rebuttal . candyman you cannot . I have the child . he will die so that my notoriety life on ... helen glance at the door . a orderly approach . she see she chance . helen he’s here !!! he's here !!! the orderly peer in . candyman dart back under the bed . helen help I !!! he’s under the bed !!! the door to the isolation room burst open . two orderly enter . they see helen writhe and scream in she restraint . there be nething under the bed . the orderly barely react . this be a everyday occurrence on the ward . one of they prepare a hypodermic of thorazine . 1st orderly give she fifty mil , she 's waking the other ... helen take the massive dose , injected fnto she arm . fade to : black screen and silence . int . isolation room - day 215 helen wake on the bed . orderly be undoing she restraint . helen sit up groggy . helen I want to speak to my husband ... 1st orderly Doctor jaffe want to see you . helen how long have I be out ? oo 116 73. she stand , a little unsteady but feel physically fine . 1st orderly the doctor will explain everything . int . hospital corridor ~- day 116 we move with helen as she be lead down the corridor by the two orderly . she pass ward where patient sit shoveling food into they mouth or just stare into space . some twitch and jerk and jabber to themselves . the pass through door . the orderly carefully unlock and relock they as they continue through the hospital . they arrive at a office door and enter . int . doctor jaffer consultation room - day 2117 as helen be show in , doctor jaffe , a clinical psychiatrist in he mid-forty , stand and extend he hand . the orderly exit and close the door . dr . jaffe Ms. Buchanan ... Dr. jaffe ... please , sit ... he_gestures to a chair . helen look at he warily . helen ( still stand ) I want to see my husband . dr . jaffe I be sure we can arrange a visit . helen laugh . helen what ?! have I be section ? how long have I be here ? jaffe lean forward . dr . jaffe helen , please , why do not you sit down . she sit . 74 . dr . jaffe you probably remember little or nothing of the past month . you have be on a heavy dosage of thorazine . we have to stabilize you before ... helen a month ?! dr . jaffe we have to assess you fitness to stand trial . , helen be shocked . helen get I my attorney . dr . jaffe this be he suggestion . ( pause ) you have be charge with first degree murder . helen that 's absurd ! dr . jaffe tell I why . helen he break in ... through the medicine cabinet . the awful memory of the disembowel body . helen .««epoor bernadette ... Dr. Caffe consult a document can he desk . dr . jaffe accord to the police report , there be no sign of force entry ... helen that 's wrong . I see he . I ... dr . jaffe describe he . helen do not reply . dr . jaffe how do he appear to you ? ( pause ) do he speak to you ? helen I be not hallucinate . dr . jaffe have you consider that properly ? helen be silence . dr . jaffe the night you be admit . do he appear to you ? helen ( quiet ) yes . Dr. jaffe turn to a video recorder and push play . on the tv we see a image of helen in the isolation ward . she start to writhe ... helen ( on tv ) he’s here ! help I !! somebody help I !! we move slowly towards helen as she watthes . on screen she jerk like a rag doll ; there be nobody else in the room . helen start to cry silently . or. jaffe switch off the tape and watch she . tear flow down helen 's cheek . helen - I kill my best friend ... she trust I ... she love I ... I cut she open ... I ... it 's not possible ... it 's ... jaffe stare ; helen stcp cry . helen whatever happen to I ... whatever be go wrong , I know one thing . < I be not capable of that . no part of I , however hide , could do that ... 76 . jaffe stare . helen I can prove it . jaffe be intrigue . dr . jaffe how ? helen turn to a mirror mount on the wall . helen I can call he . jaffe watch as helen move to the mirror and begin the incantation . helen candyman , candyman , candyman , candyman , candyman , candyman , candyman , candyman , candyman , . candyman , candyman , candyman ... she turn back to jaffe , they eye meet . helen face the mirror . candyman ... nothing . jaffe draw a slow breath , about to speak , a sympathetic smile cross he face . suddenly ! blood pour from jaffer mouth !!! helen spin round . candyman stand behind jaffe , ripping he in two with he hook . . ' helen shake , immobilize , as if ten thousand volt be pass through she . jaffe die instantly , soundlessly . body fall to the floor . in two halve . candyman smile ac helen . candyman you be mine now . tonight we congregation shall witness a new miracle . @ 118 119 120 121 77 , candyman suddenly fly at the window . he crash through and disappear . helen be leave quaking in the room , stand over jaffe 's body . there be urgent knock on the door . orderly ( 0.s. ) Dr. jaffe ? Dr. jaffe ? be everything alright ? the door handle turn , it be lock . helen stare at it , vibrate with shock . a loud thud , as they start to force the door . helen head for the break window . she climb out onto the ledge . ext . hospital - high angle - day 118 helen emerge from inside . she be thirty storey up . the wind buffet she . she look across at the next window . she might be able to reach it . hanging on by she fingernails , helen slowly edge across to the next window . int . ward - day 119 '' helen appear at the window of a ward . some patient see she and start laugh . a nurse rush over and open the window . nurse what the - ? helen kick the nurse in the face , send she crash backwards . int . corridor - day 120 helen head down the hospital corridor . she be dress in the nurse uniform . pandemonium have break out . people rush to and for . jaffe 's body have be discover . guard ( shouting ) seal off the ward !! helen unlock a door with the nurse passkey . she head fcr the elevator . she call it and wait . the elevator arrive and she get in . int . elevator - day 121 helen push the ground floor button . she anxiously watch the light as she descend , praying the elevator will not stop . } 122 123 124 125 126 127 128 78. deleted 122 deleted 123 ext . CITY STREET - moving with helen - day 124 helen run through the city , through jostling crowd . the noise of the street batter she ear . a police car pull into the curb behind she . cop get out of it and run towards she . close on helen run for she life , barging through crowd . she have go three block before she glance over she shoulder . the cop be nowhere to be see . she pause , she breath come in vasp gulp . her stomach knotting in pain . helen be home , trevor ... please be home ... she push on , heedless of the traffic force to break hard , horn sounding . ext . helen 's apartment block - day 125 helen stumble forward as fast as she exhaust leg will carry she . - int . hallway outside helen 's front door - day 126 helen arrive at she apartment . music be play inside . a moment of relief . trevor be home . she lean against the door for support , about to press the buzzer . to she surprise , it swing open , unlock . still breathe heavily , she enter . int . apartment - day 127 move inside , helen barely recognize the place as she heme . some wall be stripped , ready for painting , other be complete . Dust cover hide the furniture . pop music be blast from the stereo . helen move into the kitchen . int . kitchen - day 128 all the smashed kitchen unit have be remove . and , for that matter , everything else she have put in . although half - finish , the redecorate kitchen be clearly in a totally different style from she taste . '' 129 73. helen move through to the live room , the music mask any sound from she rasp breath . int . live room - helen 's Pov - day 129 enter the live room . rounding the corner , a ladder come into view . on it stand a woman dress only ina man 's shirt , work away happily with a paint roller , hum along to the crass music . on helen move into the room and sit on the brand - new couch . her entrance unnotice by the woman . helen recognize she though . it be Stacey , the nubile coed she meet at he lecture . helen watch she , as she breathe calm , the awful truth sink in . Stacey merrily continue painting . she complete a section of wall and glance over to the next bare patch . Stacey double take . she stare freeze at helen stand there dress as a nurse . helen move towards she , to switch off the music . Stacey back away , think she be come at she . she half fall off the ladder . Stacey shriek . stacey ( shouting , scared ) trevor ! helen take a step towards she ; she flinch . trevor ( 0.s. ) ( mild concern ) you alright in there , darling ? stacey ( to helen ) - do not hurt I . helen get out of my home . trevor enter , dress in he bathrobe . the sight of helen stop he dead in he track . trevor ( to helen ) what be you do here ? e 80 . helen I live here . remember ? she move towards he ; he step back from she as weil . trevor ( to Stacey ) call the hospital . Stacey move for the telephone . helen spin around with sudden aggression . _ helen do not touch that ! Stacey jump back from the phone . helen spin back to trevor . he flinch from she . helen scare of something , trevor ? trevor and Stacey exchange a look . they be really frighten . helen fold she arm and consider the new decor . helen I hate the color scheme . she pick up a pot of paint and fling it with great force at the wall . paint splashes everywhere . helen what be you go to do trevor ? wait till I get out before you tell I ? trevor helen ... helen ' you know I be never come out . do not you ? trevor I ... I think we should call the hospital ... helen if that 's what you want , go on , do it . a pause . nobody move . 81 . helen ( she start to cry ) I be not a murderer ... I be not ... ( she sit ) you be all I have leave ... it 's over ... trevor take a step towards she . trevor I be so , so sorry ... helen make a sudden move . trevor jump back like a scald cat . helen stand slowly and leave . they stand back from she , terrify . as soon as she be out the door , trevor dive for the phone and dial 911 . 130 ext . chicago river - day 130 helen walk slowly to the edge of the riverbank . she stand regard the dirty water swirl below she . a jump and it would all be over . someone else 's problem . fay on helen she have make the decision to die . candyman ( v.0o . ) they will all abandon you ... helen' Pov the swirl water . candyman ( v.o. ) all you have leave be my desire for you ... on helen about to jump . candyman ( v.o. ) I have the child ... she stop . and then cccur to she . there be a soluticn . candyman ( v.o. ) he will die so that my notoriety S life on ... 131 132 133 134 135 136 82. helen be suddeniy fill with purpose . helen ( to herself ) never ... she move away from the brink . ext . cabrini GREEN - night 131 the ominous silhouettes of the project building stand dark against the night sky . int . ramp - night 132 outside apartment 404 . a group of gangbanger patrol the ramp , head off down the stairwell . when they have go , we see helen hide in the shadow . she take a pencil torch from she pocket and push open the door to apartment 404 . int . apartment 404 - night 133 moving with helen as she make she way through the shattered apartment , a small pool of light from the torch lead the way . int . bathroom - night 134 helen face the medicine cabinet . she slowly open it . [ in the void beyond burn a flicker orange light . gather she courage , she climb through the hole . int . bloody chamber - night . 135 helen move into the first blood spatter room . a few candle sputter weak light on the floor . she climb through the hole into the second chamber . beyond the second hole - night 136 helen emerge out of the mouth of the portrait of candyman . a hook come down from above thrust into she face . she jump back reflexively and then see ; she have bump into cre of the butcher 's hook that dangle from the ceiling . she slide the hook out from the ring that hold it . now she have a weapon . helen move towards the large hole at the end c= this chamber . the hole be a inky black void . she shine she torch into it , but beam can not reach the far wall . the sound of drip fall in puddle reverberate from the void . whatever be beyond , it be some massive cavern . helen climb through . 137 int . candyman 's lair - night 137 helen move through the dark chamber , stick close to the wall . the light from she torch reveal a series of mural . in the manner of painting depict the progress of a saint they show : candyman be chase through the town by the brutal hooligan . a crowd look on , none lift a finger to come to he aid . candyman stripped naked , he hand be sawn off . finally , candyman splay out on the rock , be stung to death by the bee . from somewhere in the darkness , helen hear the sound of breathing , deep and slow . across the vast chamber , many wall smashed through to create a cavernous space within the building , she see something in the dim light . it be a bed make from a bloody butcher 's slab . upon it lie candyman , asleep on he back . helen move silently towards he , brandish she hook . ready to strike . she move closer and closer , listen to he regular breathing . pray that he do not wake up . she be now close enough to plunge the hook into he head . she raise she arm . we see he face . his eye be open . cand yman ( softly ) helen ... she smashes the hook down , into he neck . candyman hardly flinch . he pull it out as if it be only a thorn . candyman ( still soft ) helen ... bbing she . the hook fall from she he sit up suddenly , 72 ed with long . hand . dis eye be = cand yman you come to I . I have give up hope . but my heart be fill with joy . will you be mine ? @ @ 84 . he place the hook in the small of she back , hold she elegantly . he lead she into a dance . cand yman ... forever ? they waltz through the chamber , as if not quite touch the ground . helen the child ... we have a deal . ~ candyman surrender to I now and he shall be unharme . as they dance , candyman slowly raise the hook sensuously up she back . the hook caress she neck from behind . gently at first , but then with enough pressure to nick the flushed skin of she neck . she tremble in he arm . candyman be my victim . helen no ... wait ... please ... candyman we have a bargain . helen I be afraid . candyman do you fear the pain , or what be beyond ? helen both ... cand yman the pain , = can assure you , will be exquisite ... as for the beyond ... there be no permanence for we in death . we deed will be on a nundre wall and ten thousand 's . should they doubt we again , we can always be summon with sweetness ... he scoops she up in he arm and lead she to the slab . he lay she on it . 85 . helen I do not want to be remember that way . I want to be forget ... candyman slide he hook along she leg and thigh . his hypnotic presence and he silky voice seduce she . candyman helen ... helen , have you never lain awake at night sweat with terror at the think of oblivion , of cease to exist ... and feel that dark expanse of nothingness overwhelm you . that be indeed a thing to fear . he have strike a chord in she . candyman come with I and be immortal . the hook 'slide up she skirt . helen be arouse . candyman we shall give they something to be haunt by . that , and a story to tell ... he bend down towards she . he stoke she inner thigh with he . hook . candyman out of the eater come forth meat , and out of the strong come forth sweetness . helen 's hand slide into candyman 's jacket . and then withdraw fast , as if stung by something . candyman 's jacket flap open and she see — the content of he torso have be eat away . the hollow be now occupy by a nest of bee . they swarm in the vault of he chest , encrust in a seethe mass in the remnant sf flesh that hang there . helen scream . candyman sweet to the sweet . his mouth be close , about to kiss she . his mouth be fill with bee ! 138 helen nooooo00 !!!! noooooo !!!! the bee suddenly swarm from he mouth , cover she . helen withes in agony as the bee cover she ; move on she , search for morsel of wax in she ear . suck at the sugar from she lip . the bee be sting . the noise deafen . his mouth press to hers . her tongue force into the hive . candyman stare at she . he be sadden by she obvious répuision . helen black out ... fade to : black screen helen ( a faint plea ) stop ... int . candyman 's lair - night ( later ) 138 helen wake on the slab . she swat the air and brushes she body . she have ben stung but be otherwise unharme . a few bee circle the air . candyman have go . she sit up . helen 's Pov . some candle have be light , illuminate a section of wall . candyman have write a message . it read : it be always you helen on helen she step towards the wall . helen 's Pov move . from the message to the mural of candyman 's death . the flicker light , we see the face look on gleefull ; at he agony . a group of man hold back a young woman , who try to go to he aid . she scream and struggle , but ¢t : have she in a tight grasp . on helen look closer to the group . moving into extreme close - up on the painting we see the young woman 's face ; it be helen . 139 140 141 142 87 . on helen helen ( quiet ) it be always you ... from somewhere in the far distance come a unmistakable sound . the thin plaintive wail of a baby cry . helen try to identify the direction of the sound . she pick up the hook she drop earlier and move cautiously towards the sound . moving with helen out of apartment 404 - night 139 helen make she way out of the apartment , follow the trail of the baby 's crying . she climb through the first hole . the crying crescendos . she dread the sight that will await she , but through the hole there be nothing . all be quiet . then she hear the crying again , further on . she follow the sound . int . ramp outside apartment 404 - night 140 helen move silently along the ramp , keep to the shadow . she clutches the hook , ready for a confrontation . helen listen at the dark window of apartment for the sound of the baby . nothing . and then it begin again , a distant wail , come from the blacktop . helen press she face to the wire mesh , listen . in the center of the blacktop loom the pile of break furniture and dead sapling , a makeshift bonfire . she hear the cry again . it be come from within the pile . a ext . blacktop - night 141 helen move quickly to the edge of the pile timber and furniture . she find a narrow gap , a hollow in the pyramid . the crying have stop . there be only silence . she move a piece of break wood and bar the entrance . [ it slip from she grip and clatter to the ground . fs N int . jake 's bedroom ~- night Jake wake at the sound of the wood clatter . he throw back the threadbare blanket and peer out the window . jake 's Pov a figure , a dark silhouecte with a hook , clamber into =nx bonfire . 143 144 145 88. on jake frighten . jake ( to himself ) he 's here . ext . blacktop - in the bonfire - night 143 helen squeeze through the narrow aperture . her hand find wood and rag - and what feel like the back of a old armchair , but not the warm skin of the child . she push on , deeper and deeper into the heart of the bonfire . her dress snag on a nail . her shin be scrapped , she finger spike with splinter . and there , no more than a yard ahead of she , be the child . lying in a crude crib of rag , arm and leg wave . he smile at the sight of she , not cry now . helen duck down to reach beneath a beam of wood , but she finger miss the forlorn bundle by inch . she stretch farther , but still she cannot reach the child . helen ( whisper ) it 's okay ... I be here ... it 's okay ... int . stairwell - night 144 Jake lead a group of big guy silently down the stair . one of they carry a can of gasoline . ext . blacktop - in the bonfire - night 145 helen bend double to squeeze into the hidey -hole . the space be so small , she can barely get through . she wrench herself past the nail cover beam , not caring as she flesh be rip and tear . finally , she make it and pick up the child to comfort he . a wide hand cover helen 's face . she . fall back and candyman embrace she . candyman I know you have come ... gasoline be pour onto the bonfire . a9 . a match be light . jake stand watch . jake ( quiet ) burn he . the match hit the fire and flame roar up . int . bonfire helen fight to be free of candyman , to cry out to they , but he hold she lovingly close . Fire roar up around they . candyman hush my darling ... hush ... through the first flame , helen see a crowd approach the fire . drawn out of they home by the sudden conflagration . as the people gather , a chant go up . voice burn he !!! burn he !!! burn he !!! helen try desperately to cry out . the roar of the flame get louder and she muffle cry be lose in the sound of the chant . . she see how the child 's face gleam ; they parent call they for go too close , and how they disobey . she see Old woman , chant , angry , warm they thin blood and smile into the flame . the roar and crackle of the fire become deafen . secure that she could not be hear , candyman take he hand from helen 's mouth . helen scream she lung out as the air become hotter and the flame start to penetrate the interior of the pyre . helen help I !!! GOD help I !!! she can neither be see cor hear through the flame . the child lie in helen 's arm , helpless as the flame neat and the choke smoke begin to curl around he . helen helis he close to she breast , try to protect he fragile lunss 90 . from the searing heat . she turn to candyman , she voice crack and hoarse from the futile scream . helen you promise I ... cand yman it 's too late now ... helen hold the child tighter , try to curl away from candyman 's embrace . helen we make a deal ... look through the flame at the chant face , helen see Anne - Marie stare into the fire . Anne - Marie do not chant , she just stand there , she face a mask of tragedy . helen ( she lung choke ) see she ! see she face !! you lie . to I !! helen hide the child in she dress , try desperately to protect he as the inner sanctuary of the pyre flame up . candyman ( sad ) we must be on we way now , you and I . : Fire be all around they . Anne - Marie 's face seem to stare at she , all other face become monstrous , confuse . helen look at the bundle cradle to she chest . the child 's eye penetrate she , plead for life . helen suddenly head right into the flame . candyman grab she , hold she back . helen let I go !! cand yman I cannot . she struggle with all she strength . helen we make 4 deal !! candyman you_can not survive now , stay ... stay ... '' 91 . helen no ! she break he grip and plunge into the flame , shield the child 's body , head for Anne -marie . candyman helen ! ( terror cross he face ) you can not make it ! the shaky construction of the pyre suddenly heave as it burn , collapse . a fall beam land on helen , trapping she . she struggle frantically as she dress catch fire . she see Anne - Marie , stare but not see . Burning debris shower down on candyman . candyman I would have love you for all eternity ... helen curl over the baby , unable to continue , wait to be consume by the flame . the watch face , Anne -marie , candyman and the still wriggle child all float before she as she life ebb away . candyman call to she as she burn . candyman I love you . a almighty . crash and a shower of spark . the fire be collapse . helen wait to be completely engulf . but she look up , still alive . a path have be clear out of the fire . the beam trapping she have be dislodge . clasp the baby , helen drag herself to the open . outside the FIRE somebody scream . the chant stop as one by one they see the terrible sigh= : helen crawl out of the inferno . flame rise from she back . nobody move ; czhey watch appal as helen make she terrible journey , drag herself to anne-marie . a blanket be throw over helen . Men try to beat out the flame — a terrible incomprehensible cry come from she mouth . 92 . helen roll over onto she back , revealing the baby cradle in she arm . Anne - Marie bend down and take he , tear of joy ' flow . he be unharme . inside the FIRE candyman burn . candyman come back to I ! he lift he head , totally aflame now . - candyman come back !! he throw he head back and give voice to a appall roar of anguish and pain . outside the FIRE the roar of agony chill the crowd as it reverberate around the blacktop . inside the FIRE candyman 's jacket burst open and the bee rise as a swarm from he chest , some catch alight like tiny meteor . outside the FIRE helen try to sit . Men hold she down . it be the image from the mural , reproduce exactly . a massive cloud of bee and spark rise into the night sky . the fire collapse , engulf candyman . Jake look into the fire and see candyman burn , a shapeless lump now . on helen she lie back , weak . helen 's Pov the sound become muffled . face surround she . everything seem distant . on helen a strange calm fill she face . helen' Pov the twinkle red light of emergency vehicle appear in she field of vision . 146 on helen hand take hold of she and lift she gently onto a gurney . helen 's Pov the crowd stare at she , awed . people whisper as she be wheeled past they to the wait ambulance . on helen as she be wheeled through the crowd . voice # 1 ( whisper ) that 's the woman ... ' voice # 2 you mean the one who ... voice # 1 shhhhh ... as helen be lift into the back of the ambulance , she gaze move up to the night sky . helen 's Pov spark shoot out into the sky , like spermatozoa . the spark dim as they fall and the screen darken . on helen her face be at peace now , as she die ... fade out . fade in : ext . cemetery - day helen 's coffin be . lower electrically into she grave . a Priest officiate . trevor watch , sad . purcell be there , as be archie who look a shadow of he former jovial self . a few other we co not recognize also attend . Stacey hang discretely in the background . in the distance , they suddenly hear music . the mourner turn and see snake its way through the tombstone towards they , a procession . '' 147 148 149 150 94 , it be the people from the project , maybe three hundred strong . they make they way to helen 's grave , musician playing . they be somber , but there be a air of celebration about they . at the head of the column be Anne -marie and Jake . Anne - Marie hold the baby in she arm . they arrive at the grave . Jake reach in he pocket . trevor be move . he pull out candyman 's hook . he throw the hook into the grave . Anne ~ Marie throw a handful of candy onto the coffin . one by . one they file past the grave , each throw in candy . we see helen 's coffin , the hook all around like flower . deleted deleted int . candyman' lair - day lie on it . candy drop 147 148 149 sunlight shaft through the board window create a cathedral - like effect . we track towards a new mural , freshly paint over the old image ; it depict helen rise phoenix , she hair aflame like a we track closer , onto she face , medieval icon . up close we see cinderblock , run diagonally a bee crawl through a crack in from the bonfire like a halo . . serene in its suffer , a there be a crack in the through the image . the wall . we track into the crack , enter it ... int . crack - day total darkness , then slowly we perceive ; thousand of bee , pack together crawl over one another . and then we hear a voice , murmure softly . helen ( v.0 . ) out of the eater come forth meat ... 95 . helen ( cont . ) out of the strong come forth sweetness . ( softly , seduction ) I come for you . fade out . end credit