's + revised final screenplay '' cape fear ' March 27 , 1961 . # 1913 - name change 4/6/61 note Captain dutton be change to chief dutton Mariner Inn be change to boar head '' cape fear : yt revise final screenplay . by jame R , webb es \o4 '' 1-4 1-8 1 -' #1913 cian sp 0227 1qol gape fear titles superimpose over : ext . square in southern town - Day 4n old picturesque square . many tree cast shadow over the low building . traffic slowly thread its way along the street . it 's summer , and the majority of people be in light dress or shirt sleeve . gradually we become aware of a man walk towards we . he be large , immensely pawerful , wear . a gaudy sport shirt , and chew the stub of a cigar . this be max cady . he come into close shot and camera pan with he . now , in the . not too far distance , we see the courthouse . it be a impose and majestic building and cady be walk deliberately ' towards it low angle shot - shoot 's up at cady as he walk resolutely forward , camera again pan with cady as he now walk through another , smaller , tree -line square and past a statue , the statue remain in foreground as cady walus away from camera and towards the courthouse , . icady step off the pavement and walk across the street towards the step of the courthouse . a low , streamline car have to brake to allow cady to pass . credit title end . ext , courthouse step = pan shot cady walk forward . like many inwardly volatile people , he expression be impassive , almost stolid , but he stare with frank interest as two girl in tight pedal - pusher walk past the ET continued g ubkary 4 , 's sq bha # 1913 - 2 ! continued ' courthouse . cady go into the courthouse . int , courthouse - day = mo , shot shoot slightly up at cady as he come in , briefly study a wall directory , and then glance upwards '' camera follow he gaze and tilt upward . we 'now see the fine old circular stairwell of the courthouse , and the dome ceiling . mo . close shot - cady pan with he as he walk forward , and start up the staircase . a middle - age librarian , carry a armful of law book , be walk down the stair . the top book fall to the floor just as . cady reach she . the woman rather obviously expect he to pick up the bock - a grateful smile be already on she lip '' but he ignore she and continue past . she stand helplessly , not know whether 's to try to tend down and pick up the book , whether to put all the book down and start over again , or what . shoot down staircase as cady walk up towards camera and into big close up , pan with he as he reach the first floor landing . shoot down from top landing the circular stairwell and landing be below we . in long shot we see the lone figure of cady ( on the first floor landing ) , as he wander around + look for something . int , courthouse - first floor landing ' this flcor have a quaint dignity . there be door to office and courtroom . the courtrcom be lettere , and bear the name of preside judge . in the background of we shot we see cady look around , chew he cigar . in the foreground a negro janitor be slowly shuffle ty . cady spy he , and call acrcss the circular stairwell to he . cady hey , know where a lawyer name Sam bowden hang out ? reverse angle cady in foreground ; the negro janitor across the stairwell in background . continued # 1913 - '' 3 continued negro janitor onodd to door near he ) in there , sir , Court 's about over I think . ' he wack . off , and cady walk away from we towards the Court - room indicate by the janitor , there be something distinctly menace and unpleasantly arrogant in he bear . he stop at the courtroom door , take he cigar from he mouth , drop it on the floor , and crunch it underfoot , then he start to go into . the courtroom . int . courtroom - afternoon cady enter a half - fill courtroom , find a seat near the rear . SAM bowden , attorney for the plaintiff , be address the judge , GEORGE garner , Sam 's assistant , be seat with the plaintiff , @ gaunt , middle - age man , sit somewhat awkwardly , he hand cross upon a cane , nearby be dr , pearsall , a old man but with a alert , competent look . counsel for the Defense be walter vernon , beside he be a representative of the Gibraltar insurance company . SAM ( to judge ) if you honor please . may I ask on behalf of the plaintiff that the defense 's motion for a indefinite adjournment be deny ? judge do you question that a important witness be actually 111 in hospital as state by the defense ? SAM no , you honor , but this weuld make the third adjournment of this case -- always due to the illness of some defense witness . grant that this witness be i111 , the defense still have eleven important witness able to testify , while the plaintiff have but one . I submit that eleven against one should be enough , no matter how sickly and decrepit that eleven happen to be , continued sq #1913 . - continued - there be a scatter of laughter in the room . the judge pon - der a momente oo judge oppose counsel will pleasa come closer to the bench so 's that we can ' discuss this more privately . Sam and Vernon move up to the bench , group shot - at bench the judge speak informally in a low voice . . judge Sam , this be go to be a long , dull case , load with medical testimony , and summer 's come on . SAM and bone-fish 's come on ? ' sudge now , Sam , you know this courtroom get like , a oven + you want @ hostile jury on you hand ? lett put it over vntil fall and everybody ' 1l be happy . SAM everybody but my client . he have money due he and he 's ovadly in need of it . more important , my chief witness be avery old man . he might not be alive next fall . : vernon I should not have to remind counsel that he can take a deposition from he witness . . word on a piece of paper never die . . SAM and I should not have to remind counsel that jury be people and they listen to people . I want Dr. pearsall on the stand , not a piece of paper . angle featuring cady he be stare at Sam bowden as a snake might watch a bird . continued /3 q io il 12 '' # 1913 continued judge motion for adjournment 1s deny . ( glance at clock ) as it be now after four o'clock , this trial will resum : Monday morning . Sam rejoin George garner and the plaintiff , who rise , with the assistance of he cane to smile and sheke Sam 's hand while garner gather up papers . people begin to mill around . Max cady quietly walk out with other spectator , not have be notice by Sam , - dissolve to ext . courthouse square ~ afternoon ' Sam walk rapidly toward he car , a Chrysler station wagon , . exchange greeting with a couple of passersby . int . car - mo . shot Sam toss he brief case on the seat , start the engine , abstractedly reach for a cigarette and then the lighter . at that moment a brawny arm reach through the window on the driver 's side , switch off the ignition , pull out the key . Sam , catch with the lighter in he hand and take completely by surprise , find himself stare into Max cady 's smile face . cady hello , counsellor . remember I ? still startle , it take Sam a long moment to bring he thought into focus . cady : Baltimore . eight year , four month , thirteen day ago . be it come in clearer , counsellor ? close up = SAM memories be rush back and they be far from pleasant . . SAM cady ... Max cady . continued pg # 1913 12 continued cady' voice good . I would not want to think youtd forget , angle widen as Sam stare at the key clutch in cady 's big fist . SAM what do you want ? cady do not remember I right off , do you ? guess I ?ve change quite a bit . where itve be , if you do not change , they be real disappointed . but you have not change , counsellor . know something ? that 's the way I want it . I want you to be just the way I last see you . SAM all right , you have see I . what 's the rest ? cady just want to give you the word , that 's all , want to make sure you see the picture . simple as that , counsellor . though Sam can sense the threat , the word themselves be puzzle . but he keep he voice firm . SAM give I my key . cady ( hand tnem over ) . why not ? SAM now let I get this straight . you be not still bleme I for what you do ? cady see ? you still do not get the picture . . I can see it 's gonna take time . lot of timo . a pretty girl in slack , carry package , head for a nearby car . cady watch she appreciatively . continued pb 12 13 ly 15 16 #1913 7 continued - 2 - cady see that wiggle ? just look at it . maybe she think we dontt know it 's on purpose , but we have see a thing or two -- haventt we , counsellor ? his anger grow , Sam start the engine . cady now what 's you hurry ? can not you even enjoy the view ? ( watch pretty girl drive away ) how oid would you say she be ? twenty ? eighteen ? maybe only sixteen ? it 's hard to tell . they mature early in this climate , do not they ? close shot - SAM face set , he put the car in gear , start back out . cady' voice you must be a expert on such matter . I hear you grab off a real good - .- look wife and now you have get a daughter gonna be just like she . with the car back a few foot , cady be now visible in front of ite : full shot Sam swing the car past cady . . cady give my regards to the family , counsellor , be seein ! you . close shot + cady please with himself , he light a cigar as he watch Sam drive away . : int . car = close shot - SAM - process torn by anger and a vague sense of uneasiness , he instinctively @liance in the rear-view mirror as ho drive out of the square . dissolve to om 17 # 1913 8 ext . the bowden house and driveway - afternoon the place be on the outskirt , almost in the country . it isa remodel farmnouse , neat and unpretentious , sit well back from the street with no other house within a hundred yard . as Sam drive in he daughter , nancy , 12 , be sit wait on the porch step , dress in slack ; and there be three bowl ball bag beside she , shoe be tie to the bag by they string . she rise from the step with a accuse look at sem as he get out of the car . Marilyn , the trish setter , rush from the step and give he a wildly affectionate greeting as angle widen . nancy ( carry bag toward station wagon ) dad , you be ten minute late SAM ( grin ) it 's a mistake to teach woman how to tell time . they always use it against you . he turn as he wife , peggy , come from the house . she , too , be dress in slack -- and very attractively . she be always a signt to light up Sam 's eye . he move halfway up the porch step to meet she . SAM wheret you stop watch ? peggy ( grin ) mine start tick the minute you leave the house . he smile , take she in he arm and give she a good , solid kiss , then hold she for a minute . . SAM what be there about you I can not resist ? nancy come on , dad ; you can do that on you own time . I ask Betty to bowl with we . SAM Betty ..o ? be not that the '' utterly rancid little thing " you detest with every fiber of you be ? continued pb 17 18 and 19 20 20 - a al #1913 continued peggy that be last week . this week they be inseparable . nancy ( climb into the car ) oh , do hurry -- please , daddy . peggy ( start down step ) come on . you know you would rather bowl than mope around the hcuse with a long , cool gin and tonic . SAM would not any red~blooded american ? he help she into the station wagon . omitted ext . highway ~- long shot as the station wagon come out of the driveway , a batter chevrolet sedan park some distance back start ts follow it . int . chevrolet - shoot through windshield camera take in the station wagon ahead and Max cadyt big hand on the wheel , dissolve to int . bowling CENTER - late afternoon sore this be a large , modern , crowded place , loud with the rumble of ball , the clatter of fall pin , and the laughter and squeal of teen - ager . the bowden and betty , about Nancy 's age , be get ready to play . SAM okay , Nancy and Betty against the champ ... tee off , Betty . you be the guest of honor , Sam sit down , get the score paar bowl and promptly rcll a strike , dy . botty ret up to tty and Nancy exuit . Bin 22 23 #1913 10 angle featuring SAM and peggy Sam whistle and lean forward to mark score . Peggy applaud . SAM I think I will just sit here and keep score . Peggy laugh and camera pan with she as she step up to take she turn . int . refreshment area this area , which serve beer , coke , etc. , be to the rear of the alley , and from some of the small table the alley can be see . Max cady sit down at a table where he can watch the bowden family . he now have a sack of peanut , cady ( to waitress ) beer . she nod and hurry away . his eye linger on she trim figure , then return to the alley . slowly he crush another peanut shell , crunch the two nut between he tooth . the waitress return with open beer bottle and glass on a tray . cady fast on you foot , be not you ? waitress you have to be around here . he take she leave nand as she set down the tray , examine the wedding ring . : cady that ring mean anything ? the waitress have tense , but easily pull she hand away . waitress plenty . cady put a twenty - dollar bill on the table . cady that mean anything ? she start to turn away . he put down another twenty . for a instant she hesitates . he smile , pick up both bilis , have prove to he own satisfaction that all woman can be have . she hurry away , faster this time , but cady no longer look after she . he take a swallow of beer , eye on the bowden family , then get up , glass in hand . 25 26 27 #1913 11 SAM he be bowl for a spare ; then , as he wait for he ball , he turn to chalk he hand and be just start to pick up the ball when he see cady move to the rail in b.g . Sam stand for a moment , in shocked surprise , then turn and make he delivery . the ball go wide of the single pin . nancy dad , youire slip . he make a slight deprecatory gesture but no reply as he resume he seat . Nancy step into position , try to find she ball . peggy and SAM he mark down he score . . peggy you be slip . usually you would have say the pin move . SAM ( force a smile ) it do . Max cady , beer in hand , appear in the b.g. , walk benind the rail . his sye be on Nancy get ready to bowl o.s . reverse angle cady be now nearly back to camera and Nancy be in angle as she make she delivery . cady lean over and tap Sam on the shoulder . surprise , sem turn into camera , he back to Nancy as she ball scatter the pin ~ the last one teeter and finally fall . Nancy leap for jcy . but Sam bowden be aware of none of this . he rise to he foot . - mo . shot - the two cady smile . cady Nice shot . do not mind I , counsellor = I just want a gande . at the rest of the family . yes sir , you be a lucky mane just then Nancy run up to Sam , grab he hand , half -turn he . continued 27 28 23 30 # 1913 / 12 con tinued nancy do you see my strike ? do you ? as Sam turn again toward cady , cady 's broad back be already be blott out by a hurry group of teenager . Sam know that this second meeting can not bs coincidence ; he be now begin - ning to see " the picture " and a ugly picture it be . slowly he turn back to face he daughter . dissolve to int , police department switchboard switchboard operator Police Department ... Captain dutton ? he 's probably leave , but I will try he . int . detective captain duttone office this be a small , excessively bar room in the basement . MARK dutton , about forty , wear a small shoulder holster , be just put on he coat when the phone ring . with a expression of resign annoyance , he pick up the receiver . : dutton Captain button ... oh , hello , sam.oo dust on my way out ... yeah , homeward bound - I hope . int . bowling CENTER phone booth through the glass Nancy can be see hurry toward the booth . SAM {into phone ) mind if I drop over for a minute this evening ? duttone voice sure . you know the house ? she rap on the door and metion to he to hurry . SAM yes , I know it . thanks , Mark . Nancy grab he hand as he put down the receiver snd step out of the booth , continued mm 30 31 #1913 , 13 continued nancy hurry up , dad - it 's you turn - SAM wetll have to wind this up before long . I have to see somebody after dinner , nancy you be always have to see some= bedy =< they hurry away . dissolve to int . garage workshop ~ night one half the garage . have be mad into a workshop . a compact car stand in the other side . there be a long work bench , some power tool , a couple of fold chair . dutton pick up a opener , deftly punch two can of beer , hand one to Sam . dutton shoot . SAM thanks . there 's a ex-convict in town name Max cady . I think he 's start a war of nerve with I . I hope it 's only that . dutton have he threaten you ? SAM nothing that would hold in court . you have to know he to feel that threat . he speak to I after court and later on at a bowl alley . he follow I . dutton ( sip he beer } why ? close shot - SAM the question turn Sam 's mind back eight year . it be a un - pleasant experience to recall , but he try to keep he voice matter - of - fact . continued minute # 1913 . 32 continued SAM I be up in paltimere on a cass about eight ycar ago . one night I be walktig back to my hotel , quite lata , when I hear a kind of commotion 11 a parking lot . it be aman attack a girl , I run over and try to pull he away , but it be like pulitng at a gorilla . his strength Wan incredible , he hardiy know I be lhere . then suddenly the girl get she breath back and start seream . he nit she and break she jaw , and I mist have hit he at the '' same instant = just right . he be just daze onough for ms to kesp a armicck on tim until help arrive . then he go berserk again . it be Max cady . osip beer ) later I have to go back to appear against he ns a witness . the defense naturally try to plead insanity , but they could not make it stick . 33 mo . shot dutton write down cady 's name on the back of some sandpaper . duttcn do you know for sure that cady plame you personally ? SAM : that be pratty clear at the trial . I think it be strange when he show up here today , but I be not really worrt until I see he at the bowl Center = it be the way '' he lcoke at my family . there be a extension phone on the work bench . dutton reach for it , start dial , . dutto ! he be convict of a sex crime , so he have the register on arrival in a new town - {into : sergeant , '' ain dutton , have a ex-con nam ax cady register in the last few day ? hone } continued rm 33 #1923 continued 15 dutton ( cont would ) ( during walt ) chance be he have not do it . we can run he out of town on that . {into phone ) fhanks , sergeant . hold on . ( to sam} he 's smart . registered yesterday . ( into phone ) what address do he give ? fwrite cn back of sandpaper ) okay . switch I to Lieutenant gervasi. {to Sam ) . it 's a addresa right off the dock area . sound like not 's short on dough . we will get he for vagrancy . ( into phone } Pete , make a pickup on Max cady . registration have he description ... yeah , cail I . dutton put down the phone . Sam glance at he watch , . SAM thanks , Mark , I would batter be get home . my family be there alone . dutton have you get a dog ? SAM ( nod } she could not bite through a doughnut , but she 's a good barker , dutton that ?s usually enough . okay , you start on home . when they pick he up , ifill let you know . SAM I hope I be not put you to a lot .of trouble for nothing . dutton ( smile } I just hope it be for nothing . Sam start out . dissolve T 3h 35 35 ~ a # 1913 / 16 ext , STREET - dock area - night a few people be in sight , lazing along on this warm evening . dance music blare from ssveral cafe , a police car pull 's up to a stop in front of the mariner inn , int . mariner inn =- close = diane taylor a young , attractive , rather exotic type , with intermittent , pretension to elegance and breeding , be at the piano bar , flanke by two local blade , cperate independently . the left one be coolly work to get she drunk . Diane be sway , drum , bounce in rhythm with the old - time song hit be played by a attractive young woman pianist , close - cady at the bar , fascinate by this girl , stare at she openly , lustfully . every so often , she catch he eye . she offer no over encouragement , but it be plain that cady be the . audience she be really play to . cady be about to stand up and go over to Diane 's table when two hand come in from either side , grasp he upper arm . the angle widen . it be two police officen . the ether customer pointedly take no notice . cady be . completely relaxed , like a man who have be expect this . officer marcont you neme Max cady ? cady . could be . what 's you problem ? marcont ( hard ) : we will talk to you outside , now Max cady make what seem little more than shrugging move - ment , but he strength be 30 tremendous that the two officer '' be toss aside , cady grin and Diane stare at he in sur - prise admiration , even the bystander cant pretend not to notice this performance . instinctively the two officer reach for they blackjack , but the force of cady 's personality be enough to make they hesitate , cady try usin’ that and you would better send for the rict squad . I get no objection to a talk ~ I just do not like be paw . 35 - B 36 #2923 ou close - diane look on , thrilled , cady toss a ten-dollar bill on the bar . cady ( to the bartender ) '' ry be back for the change . cady start off . all eye be now on he . he stop by Diane , they eye mest . he look with contempt at she two companion . cady ( to Diane ) . give you a hour to get rid of the townless Diane , shiny -ey , with mock hauteur , diane . be you try to pick I up ? cady grin . he know she will be wait . cady yeaheos a pause , they take each other to . Diane be a little fright . -en , but draw to he , she take the challenge , diane nsmile } why not ? cady nod , walk out with the two officer , dominate the scene and enjoy it . dissolve to int , interrogation office ~+ detective bureau - night '' this be another smsll basement officé , at tha end of the main hall , Max cady be seat at a table , with Mark dutton , marconi , and lieutenant pete gervasi . there be a intoximeter on the table ; cady indicate it contemptuously . cady you know I be not drunk , fpull out wallet ) but I be a cooperative . guy . ( take out card , toss it on tabdle ) see the name on that card ? John W. moss , M.D. now if you want I to take a intoxication test , just get he over here . I do nit spend eight continued 36 37 38 #1913 , 18 continued cady ( cont would ) year in the can read law book for nothing . I have the legal right to be examine by my own physician ... or do not you boy know that ? the door be open and we hear footstep come down the hall . dutton never mind . you will be sober by ths time you leave here anyway . dutton walk out , close door behind he . int . hallway dutton meet Sam in the hall , . dutton hi. het a hot number , all right . you know if he have any record prior _ to the last conviction ? . SAM several arrest , no conviction . dutton all for the same cffense7 SAM '' two of they , as I remember - the girl be afraid to testify against he . there be one suspicion of car theft and a couple of assault and battery . ( think back ) he have a good war record , though he be suspect of shoot a couple of pow 's unnecessarily . the investi - gation clear he . dutton sound cuter ~ and meaner - all the .time . but wetll get he . come on in , int . interrogation office cady watch Sam come in with dutton , show no surprise . cady well , well , we seem to be see a lot of each other today . continued ps 38 #1913 19 continued Sam sit down on a chair to one side . dutton okay , cady , strip to you short . cady why sure . you expect I to object to a search , but I tell you I be a co-operative guy . he take off the gaudy sport shirt , proudly revealing he muscular torso , toss the shirt to gervasi . cady better look it over . I have get a couple jolt of horse hide in the .- collar . : + dutton a4 ( curtly ) lett make with the pants , cadye ( as cady start to remove then ) what bring you to we town ? cady TI hear it have a nice climate , plenty of boat on the river ~ and fine , standup citizen like the counsellor there . dust the place for I . dutton how much money have you ? cady step out of the slack , toss they to dutton . cady look in the walist . dutton open the wallet , take out a five - dollar bill and a couple of singles . . dutton Seven buck . not enough . I be charge you with vagrancy , cady - unless you want to be a hundred mile away by morning . cady . better look a little harder , Captain sir . . dutton begin take card , scrap of paper , temporary driver 's license , etc. , out of the wallet . continued pé 38 #1913 continued ~ 2 cady see that bank deposit book there ? what 's it say ? dutton nexamine it ) fifty -four hundred dollar . where would you get it ? cady you notice it 's a bank right here and the deposit be make today . you notice that , do not you , Captain , sir ? dutton I ask where you get it ? cady well , that could be my business , couldntt it ? nlook at Sam ) would you advise I to answer that question , counsellor ? SAM ( grimly ) youtd be very wise to answer ite cady now that 's just the advice I want , because , like I say , I be a co - operative guy . ( to dutton ) I would suggest you check with the escrow officer of the first National Bank - Baltimore . hetll tell you just where that money come from , Captain . dutton pick up the wallet and the content , start out . dutton come on , same cady " Sam " be it ? Real friendly , you two , ainttcha ? a nice , tight littlo corporation . " Mark , ol ! boy , I do not like this fellow 's face . - throw he out of town . " " why sure , Sam , any - thing you say . " ( voice harden ) well , Sam , you will be old and gray before I ever leave this town . continued ac pe 38 39 #1913 : 21 continued - 3 SAM ( voice equally hard ) I be warning you in the presence of this witness to stay off my property , day or night . he start out after dutton . cady smile as he reach for he shirte cady het a dilly , be not he ? so feisty and always leapin’ to conclusion . I would not go on he property if he ask I in for a drink . afraid he 's shoot I in some nice legal way I never hear cf . Sam , have pause in doorway , now leave . : gervasi get you pants on , cady - and think about find yourself a new town . int . duttone office as he and Sam come in , dutton close the door behind they . etton that mustive be quite a brawl in that parking lot . I do not know as ttd like to tangle with he . SAM he break three of my rib and give one of the officer a concussion . the girl be hospitalize for over a month . dutton . ( sit down } what a ego . he know I have no right to order a strip search . he agree _ just to show off he muscle . well , anyway , you have get nothing to worry about tonight . SAM Tan you hold he ? : dutton until I check with the Baltimore bank in the morning . . continued pe 39 #1913 continued nervously iy ny SAM tomorrow 's Saturday - the bank ! 11 be close . dutton I can not hold he the whole week end . I ‘’1ll get that escrow officer somehow , but I ?ll bet the money ? 's cleen . Sam walk about the plain little room . SAM you may think I have go cverboard about this . dutton I see a lot of tough cookie , but there 's something about this guy that freeze you ... I do not know ... het go out of he way to put you on the lookout , and now he know he would be we prime suspect if any - thing happen ! I would say he 's try to scare hell out of you , thatis alle SAM thatis a comfort . dutton toy with a paper clip for a long moment . dutton look , let mar phone you tomorrow after I talk to that banker . Sam nod and grasp the knob of the door . dutton you be disappointed , be n?t you ? you think there ought to be a way iocan throw he right out of the county . SAM no , a man ?s innocent until prove guilty -- I read that someplace . good night . dutton nod as Sam start out . dissolve to dh 39 -4 39 - B 39-0 ko k1 42 43 4b #1913 23 ext , bowden house - morning no one be visible , but we hear intermittent bark from Marilyn . ext . bowden house ~ another angle - morning Dog still barking . ext . bowden house - still another angle - morning barking continue at interval . now we hear a phone begin to ring inside the house , . int . sam' study - close shot Sam pick up the phone . int , duttone office dutton ( into phone ) sorry I could not phone you sooner -- be out on a case , anyway , I get the escrow officer at he home , early . cady sell the old family farm for $ 5900 net . he 's in the - clear , Sam . int . sam' study - close shot Sam do not like the news , but have expect it . SAM when will you release he ? int . duttone office dutton ( into phone ) I have already do it , couple hour ago . int . sam' study - close shot Sam frown at this , the barking take on a possible signifi - cance , angle widen as , phone in hand , he turn toward nency at the window , . SAM whet 's go on with Marilyn ? continued dh 4h we 46 b? #1913 , 24 continued nancy I do not mow . I can not see she in the bush . SAM where 's you mother ? / nancy in the kitchen , I think . int . duttone office dutton ( into phone ) . you still there , Sam ? just remember there be way , legal way , we can convince Mr. cady that this be a4 pretty poor place to live . we will do all we can -- and I do not have to tell you to keep you eye open , int . sam' study SAM {into phone ) you can bank on that . thanks , Mark , he put down the phone , rise as the barking stop , nancy she 's stop bark . maybe she catch a rabbit . still vaguely worried about Peggy , Sam start out of the room , follow by Nancy . SAM you know Marilyn never catch a rabbit in she life , int . live room - morning they come out of the study and start toward the kitchen . nancy if she do , do you s'pose she would really kill it and eat 1 % ? continued dh 47 hg continued San : she do not know that rabbit ( xo be to eat . sho think all dog food come in a cn . peggy's voice sami sant ext . rear garden - pan shot - morning Peggy be run wildly from the back of the garden . Beyond the fence be a wood hill , peggy ( almost scream ) sami come quick ! angle now take in Sam and Nancy as they come out the back door . peggy it 's Marilyn ! she 's have a fit all three start run toward the dog house . angle near dog house the red setter be partially canceal by the dog house . we can see the dog 's writhe rear leg , twitching tail , and hear the agonizing sound she be make , Sam arrive a step or two ahead of the other . SAM ( take one look ) get the car start ! ( push she ) . burry ! get it start ! dazedly Peggy hurry away , Sam dive behind 's the dog house come up with the dog in he arm , one hand hold she jaw together ; she writhes so hard he can hardly hold she , Nancy be near tear as she follow Sam toward the driveway . nancy Marilyn ~ Marilyn - daddy what 's the matter with she ? . ext . driveway Peggy have the station wagon start as the two appibar . san open the door = t!'il wet in back =~ continued dh i 50 i b > 's 51 ) , : 52 #1913 . 26 continued nency reach for the door , get in Sam 's way . finally he manage to squirm inside , .. SAM ( to Nancy ) no , not in here = get up front -~ peggy she would better not go -- SAM I be not go to leave she here -~ Nancy jump in and the wagon start off with a jerk . dissolve to int , veterinary waiting room - day Peggy and Nancy be wait tensely . a teen - age boy be hold a frisky little terrior . int . veterinary opsrating room - day Sam be stand with doctor lowney , a big man with white hair . the setter 's body be barely visible on the operate table , lowney turn , stare intc Sam 's tease face , dr . lowney ten to one it be strychnine , San . you could not have save she if you would be twice as quick , SAM ( slowly ) when she stop bark ... that must have be when he throw she the meat . : dr . lcwney to I , it 's the same as murdering a _ human -- it 's a shame Nancy have to see it . SAM ( grimly ) maybe she be mean to see it ... as he turn to leave . SAM thank you doctor , continued er www we dh 52 53 5h 55 #1913 27 continued he open the door , revealing the wait room beyond . Nancy slowly rise from she chair in beg . dissolve to ext . wooded area behind bowden house - late afternoon officer brown be search for footprint . he hes a german shephard on a chain , but the dog 4s not sniff the ground , through the fence we can see the bowden family in a corner of the garden . Sam be shoveling dirt into a hole , closer shot ~ bowden family Nancy be fight tear as Sam pack down the last spadeful of earth . she take a last linger look at the grave , then walk silently away with she mother , camera pan Sam to the fence , mo . shot the well - train dog stand like a graven image as Sam approach officer brown no footprint , Mr. bowden . the ground 's hard and there 's enough grass to walk on if you be care ~ ful . he be careful , all right . Sam glance at the dog and Brown answer he unspoken question . officer brown even a blceodhowund would have to kmow the man 's scent before he could : pick it up , still , this guy be take no chance , you smell any - thing ? SAM oil of wintergreen , be not it ? officer brown that 's right , it will mask a scent pretty well . the guy use it on he shoe , I call that in , and they be check this Max csdy now . SAM you can bet that shoe be at the bottom of the river . continued wo '' 4 a xr #1913 . continued officer brown ( nod } anyhow , we have get order to keep a close watch on this place , Mr. bowden . that fellow would have to be plumb crazy to try anything again . in Sam 's mind , this do not necessarily rule it out , but he es ance turn away from the fence . ext , back porch step pegsy have she arm around Nancy , Marilyn 's dish be still in it 's customary place on the step . peggy do not let daddy see you like this , nancy ( brokeniy ) but this be when I always feed she ... they hear Sam come . Nancy step away from she mother , Sam enter shot . SAM will you cone into the liviag room for a minute ? I want to speak to both of you . they follow Sam . int . live room they come in together . sak {to Nancy ) I be not talling you this to frighten you . there may ba nothing to be frightme about , but I do want you to be very careful mo I think you be old anough to be tell why , a long time ago I be e@ witness against a man . he be send to prison . nancy what for ? what do he do ? continued co a rnr re aa aay en ate a mat a F ed 57 # 1913 = changos l/18/51 2 continued . sah that 's not important . the important thing be that he 's out now , and he blame I for he conviction . pegsy have remain stending . she sense that Sam be play the matter down , and fear strike she more sharply than it do she daughter . her eye be draw irresistibly toward Nancy . Nancy he poison Marilyn . SAM there 's no proof of that . , nancy but you know he do . SAM think be not know . just be eareful . this man be big -- with dark hair . he wear a cheap Panama hat . I will get you a police photo - graph of he . untll we have this thing under control I want you never to leave this house or the schoolground except in the car . there 's nothing to worry ebout if you be careful . the police have promise to keep a watch on the hovse , and het probably only try to scare we , anyway . e Sam start towarac the portable bar , but Nancy be not yet satisfis nancy he be not try to just scare Marilyn . he eiile she . I dontt see what gocd it 15 to be a lawyer if you can not put he in jail . peggy ( quickiy ) darling , you know daddy do not make the law . now run along - and _ Bet clean up for dinner . Sam start get ics out of the bucket . Peggy follow he in , try to hide she nervousnass . she find the whisky bottle and glass . peggy ( watch bim pour ) you need not make mine so light tonight . conpinuged od 57 39 {% ) # 1913 = change continued ~ 2 - okay , we will baccm alccholic together . peggy ribie thing in < 45 ? that be that baltimern , with Sam nod as ha hand hsp the drink . shs take a long swallow , she hand trembieng sligatl ; . gy vk dutton 's house t he able the do something , Sam , you be @ pillar ct musity . whom be the isw suppss to protect -- people iike you , ov pecple like cady ? you Kant last nig be am '' both . impartiail pesgy you can not teli I thare be not some way the - law can be use tosee " use ? " thas 3 tiful lady stand - ing up th tne scale ? you do not just use she -- oh , pi a friond of y ( cut tn} he 's already gene the law allicw «= and maybe even a littie furtner . . > of jail without some other charge . thing be not y of the week . a itt deserve civil : Sam . darling , in this country you can not jail a man for what he might do , thank heavanece continued 31 ( X ) ed # 1913 ~ change | 57 continued + 3 : bam ( cont would ) oh , I may doa ef gripe and kid about cho law . sure , it 's full of lospnely and centradiction and ineau e Gus it 's still a instrumen 2 ed on the inviola - pility of the eadom of every citizen . peggy rarr you give that speech ... vce sonviction , I Sam , I have and with might adie she have he there , and Sam grin ruefully as Peggy gat up to mix herseif another drink . to go away for a while ? take Nancy cut of school ? we could drive up to see you family . SAM ( shake he head ) that would be the icgical thing , but cady can afford to go any place we can goo he 's get five thousand gollar -- not can go any place in the world om that , here at ieast we can depand on the personal inter - est of the police . home we havel it 's st a housesse lt 's ... lix tne frame ef thres people . en more than that ... it 's vonfidense we give 2 that we believe cur futur ... avery ~ mougnt we have a right around the it 's be . be the vote oufsellvss ooo in we marriag thing shat we to live torece {takes the swallow } and right now d feei safer if we be ail iive - in a jungle . dissolve to ed 58 59 59 -4 59 - B 60 # 1913 - changos 4/18/61 . ey k int . master bedroom = close shot ~- peggy - dawn the room in nearly dark . Peggy be in a fitful slesp . suddenly , as worried people do , she weicen -- without know why . instinctively she turn to where Sam would be , but he half of the king -size bed be empty , the sheet throw back . peggy sam still not fully awake , she switch on the bed lamp , get out of bed , run toward the dark hall . peggy samt int . upper hallway she run to look into Nancy 's room . int . nancy'' room - shoot through door Nancy be still asleep . int . upper hallway lock down the stair , Peggy see that the light be on in the entrance hall . she hurry down the step . eat . front drive ~ night Sam , in dress gown and slipper , be stand beside a police car , talk to Officer Brown , who have he dog on the back seate the car 's light be off . routine police call be come over the radio . continued dh 60 61 #1913 33 continued officer brown no smell of wintergreen anywhere in he room or he car , SAM but this other poisoning ~- there be that same smell at both place ? officer brown only around the Morgan house . the other have a alley behind , probably he just drive along the alley and toss the meat out . Sam hear the front door open , turn to see Peggy on the porch . - SAM I would better get back , thanks , officer brown sure thing . good night . he start the engine . as Sam start toward the front door , the police car pull away . at front door Peggy have not get over she fright as Sam come up to she , though now the fright be tinged with anger . peggy ( softly ) Sam , do not you ever do that to I again , Sam contritely put he arm around she . SAM I be sorry . I be awake and hear the car drive in ... peggy well ? do they arrest he ? SAM ( shake he head ) : he check out clean , one hundred per cent , . continued dh # 1913 3l 61 continued peggy well , naturally , they do not expect he to go around smell of wintergreen , do they ? , .. what do we do now -= take turn around the clock , stand guard ? SAM the police will keep a eye on the house . peggy it will take more than '' a eye " to make I feel safe after this , SAM we be not the only taxpayer , you know . they can not stay here all the time , but they will come and go at irregular interval to break up the pattem . peggy ( bitterly ) " break up the pattern . " that sound like a interior decorator , they start inside , 62 int . front hall and stairway they come in , lock the door , end walk up the stair , speak in whisper to avoid waking Nancy . sam anyway , it 's perfectly possible we have give cady too much credit . there be three dog in this general neighborhood poison today . peggy ( stop short ) Three ? SAM ( reassuringly ) every so often a crank come along who hate dog , 63 int . upper hall Peggy be still stare at he as they top the stair , he switch off the downstairs light ; now there be only the glow from the bedroom door , continued she dh # 1913 : 35 63 continued peggy Sam ... do you really believe that ? SAM why should not 1 ? 6 k int , master bedrocm peggy because he might have do it that way just to fool the police , Sam sit on the edge of the bed as Peggy climb in . SAM maybe . . nreach for a cigarette on night table ) but there be not many criminal who think that far ahead . let 's not build cady into some kind of a super - mane peggy . he 's not just a ordinary criminal ... - you say so yourself . Sam darling , please go to sleep . peggy Sam , I be not a child . what be we go to do about this man ? Sam look at she a long moment . SAM I do not mow yet ... ( light he cigarette ) but if we let he frighten we , we be play he game . dissolve to 65 int . courtroom - day ( note : dialogue be indistinguishable until middle of pago 37 when Sam move toward carner , ) . bm 65 #1923 36 continued the room be hot ; there be only a scatter of onlooker ; a corpulent juror mop he ferehead , Sam be question he expert witness , Dr , pearsall , SAM what be you physical finding , Dr , pearsall ? a bailiff come into the courtroom , head for George garner , Sam 's partner , dr . pearsall physical finding reveal a one - inch shorten of the leave leg and mark restriction of range of motion , the bailiff whisper to George garner , who then glance anxiously at Sam , try to catch he eye , SAM and the x-ray ? dr . pearsall x-ray reveal that the fracture have heele , but there be mark evidence of degenerative joint '' disease , SAM by degenerative joint disease you mean arthritis ? dr , pearsall yes . now Sam catch garner 's effort to attract he attention , but he have to find a graceful way to interrupt the question . SAM what be you diagnosis , Dr , pearsall ? dr . pearsall diagnosis be a hip fracture with destruction of the joint surface which cause the pein and limitation of motion , SAM do you then perform surgery ' upon the plaintiff ? continued bm 65 66 #1913 37 continued - 2 dr . pearsall yes , SAM this surgery wes a arthrotomy of the hip -joint with cup arthroplasty ? dr . pearsall yes , SAM ( to jury ) I have a model which may make this operation easier to understand , . he use this as a excuse to walk over toward garner . another angle Sam pick up a plaster model of a hip -joint , plus a small metal cup , while whisper to garner . SAM what be it ? garner : Captain dutton want you to come to he office . SAM ( anxiously ) right now ? garner right now , SAM ( to judge ) . you honor , may I be excuse for a few minute ? my partner , Mr , garner , will continue the question . judge permission grant , Sam put the model into garner 's dismay hand , whisper : SAM keep he on as long as you can , the jury like he . continued . - bm 66 67 68 69 #1913 : , 38 continued garner {sourly ) thanks , sem hurry away . reluctantly garner start toward the witness stand , handle the model like a hot potato . dissolve to int . duttone office - day the door be open , dutton be on the phone , dutton . okey , then tell the County it 's they case ... come on back in . Sam have walked in during this ; dutton put down the phone , move toward doorway . he look a little worried . his voice be low : dutton hi , Sam , sorry to pull you out like this , but ... this may be serious , for 's both of we , you friend cady have turn up with Dave grafton . SAM he get himself the right man , dutton not for you . - int , hallway - day they walk toward interrogation room . dutton you know what he 's like , one of that ardent guy , slap a cigarette out of some hoodlum 's mouth , and five minute later grafton 's in the Mayor 's office holler " police brutality , " and ' rallying the bleed heart squad . int . interrogation room ~ day Max cady , smoking a cigar , be soate there with dave grafton , a plump , shréwd man wear thick - lense glassos . grafton rise as dutton and Sam enter , cady deliberately keep he seat , glance at Sam with a bland , faintly mock smile , Sam ignore he , shake hand with grafton , continued bm 69 #1913 continued 39 SAM hello , Dave , grafton good morning , Sam , I hope you be not here to dispute I on technti - ecality , SAM itm here as a citizen , not 4s a lawyer . do not worry about the technicality . they sit down across the small table . grafton : first , let I say that my client do not wish to make trouble . he merely want a end to this perse - ecution , dutton what persecution be that ? grafton ( consult a sheet of paper ) I believe you - record will show the follow : detention in jail last Friday night -- ( as dutton start to speak ) I agree that you be technically within you rights . I mention it oniy as the beginning of a pattern . dutton ( a touch of sarcasm ) what pattern ? grafton I intend to establish the pattern , on Saturday Mr , cady 's room be searched -- he car be searched -- SAM do he protest the search ? grafton ( to Sam ) you be kid , of course , continued bm 69 79 71 #1913 ho continued - 2 dutton there be no protest . grafton ogoing right on ) during this , my client be make to fesl that he be suspect of poisoning 4 dog . 4 truly despicable act -- cause serious damage to he reputation , dutton now just hold on right there , I '11 guarantee that none »f my officer mention that to - ahyone but cady himself . grafton perhaps , but people do become curious when 4 citizen 's room be searched by the police , now , on Monday , my client be pick up and interrogate on suspicion of armed robbery -- omitted angle featuring SAM Sam be very aware that cady 's eye be on he ninety per cent of the time -- with the ever - present mock gleam , grafton on Tuesday my client be force to stand in the line - up on suspicion of purse - snatching , this constant attention from the police cause he landlady to ask he to vacate the premise , he be force to find . other and more expensive lodging . Sam be listen to this recital with some surprise ; he have not realize that the police have go so far , SAM all right , what be you get at ? do not the police have a right to interrogate a suspect any more ? grafton nlook up sadly ) you know , Sam , a week ago , - if any - on have tell mar you would be capable of & remark like that ... continued bm 71 #1913 continued you grafton ( cont would ) ( shake he head ; consult he parer ) let mar continue with the pattern , on Wednesday he wes pick up twice , first on suspicion of burglary , second on suspicion of grand theft auto , his new landlord become aware of this ~-- in some fashion -- and again Mr , cady be ask to move , his present lodging be squalid and uncomfortable , dutton ( interrupt ) today be Thursday , so you mst be about finish , grafton I be , for the moment , dutton then what 's this " pattern " you be talk about ? - grafton ( glance at Sam ) I be sure Mr. bowden be still . enough of a lawyer to see it , my client be a ex-convict , he have be con - stantly herass by the police , subject to mental cruelty and public degradation - even dent a adequate place to live , to be blunt , he have be thoroughly roust ... do not pretend the pattern be not clear , Captain dutton , dutton you intend to take legal action against the Department ? grafton I could -- with a fair chance of '' success , but maybe it would be enough just to remind you that you be a public servant , appoint by a mayor who have hope of get reelected , continued they bm 71 #1913 he continued - 2 dutton grafton , I have have people try to blackmail I ever since I take this job . it 's never work yet . be - cause I be do as good a job as can be do with the inadequate man - power I have , and everyone know it . grafton be you ? {with courtroom gentleness ) be not it a fact that with menpower as short as you say , officer be assign , day and night , to guard the house of one individual who happen to be a friend of yours ? this with no evidence of danger ? SAM ( before dutton can make a angry answer ) be you refer to my house ? grafton yes . : '' SAM then I ask who furnish you with this information ? grafton ( avoid the so ~ trap ) . you will find it 's a matter of common knowledge within the Department . dutton ( heatedly ) now you listen to this - I owe Sam bowden no special favor and have give he none . less than two man - hour in each twenty - four have be devote to guard he house , I be prepare to defend that , now be you finish ? grafton ( pick up he hat ) ' : that. depend upon the treatment my client receive from now on , come , Mr , cady , continued bn 71 #1913 continued - 3 cady rise , grin at . Sam , cady see you around , counsellor , neither Sam nor dutton speak as the two man leave . quick to close the door behind they , dutton well , now you know why I want you to hear this , I can not do anything more without a over act . SAM ( flatly ) like a rape or a murder ? 43 dutton be dutton look hot and harass ; he anger be not direct at Sam , but it almost seem so , dutton show I a law that prevent crime . all we can ever do be act after the fact , remember the hoffman murder ? before she be kill Mrs. hoffman be in here week after week tell we she husband be go to do it - and I believe she - but we couldntt arrest a man for what might be in he mind , that 's dictatorship . you be a citizen - would you have it any other way ? SAM then what be I suppose to do ? puil up the drawbridge , sit home with a load gun , have the grocery drop by Air lift ? kind of a artifical way to live , would not you say ? dutton ( think for & moment ) I be go to make a rather humili - ting suggestion ... nhumiliate for I . hire a private detective , it 's all you can do , get Charlie siever , if anybody can dig up something we can act on , he can , continued _ bm # 1913 , ub 7 continued - like dutton , samt bitterness be direct at the situation , though it seem direct at the detective , SAM I do not want to pull the " I pay my tax " routine on you , Mark , but be that the best you can do ? you 'rs tell I to go hire protection ! dutton ( follow he out ) a hell of a note , be not it . either we have get to many law or not enough - I be damned if I know which , the door close behind they , dissolve to 72 through omitted 23 74 int . mariner inn - night cady and Diane be prepare to leave , he be absorb in the story he have be tell she . oo cabyy then this gal say , '' Bet you couldnit do that with one hand . " man , I mean , she get m6 sopro.s.ce Diane cut in with a airy laugh , diane oh , sweetie , you really do try so hard , do not you ? I mean , to impress a girl with that tired old he - man routine , she have have too much to drink , and overplay it . diane darling , be you really that far out of touch , or be I talk over you head , ° ed tha 74-8 5 76 #1913 as ext . mariner inn - night - in long shot - shoot through car window ( pontiac ) cady come out , follow by Diane . cady cross to he car and get in . Diane for a moment remain stand on the other side , expect he to open the door for she . he start the ignition . after another moment , Diane angrily open the door for herself and get in . as car begin to drive out of shot , pan around to show charlie siever , a middle - age , cold , effi - elent man , the detective Sam have hire . siever consult he watch and start to follow they . - dissolve to int , chevrolet - process - cady and diane «= night cady be tense over the wheel , one eye on the rearview mirror . Diane lie languidly sprawle beside he . her voice have the dream- like eloquence drunkenness sometimes induce . she be totally unaware of stretch cady 's limited reservoir of patience to its uttermost . diane '' you be at liberty to consult the file of the " St. Louis Post dispatch , " for October 1953 , in the Year of we Lord , when I be choose Queen of the veile Prophet Ball , choose by unani - mous acclaim over the most desper - eat and unconscionable opposition a girl ever have to face . , .. ( a content sigh ) my dear father , he be preud enough to pop he button ... only he wife fail to appreciate the prestige and honor that accrue to she ... by contagion , as it be .... ext , a outlying STREET - night the chevrolet turn off onto a side street . int , chevrolet - process Diane suddenly sit up , look out the window . diane '' ( frighten ) why be you go this way ? cady better scenery . continued tt #1913 : 46 continued diane what would you know about scenery , ' or beauty , or any of the thing that really make life worth live ? ( a mixture of loathing and affeetion ) you be just a animal . a coarse , lustful , barbaric .... cady ounsmile ) keep talkin ' , honey . I like it when you run I down like that .... dia ( with tipsy dignity ) Max cady , what I value about you be ... you be rock=bottom . I would not expect you to understand this , but it 's a great comfort for a girl to know she could not possibly sink any lower .... cady ( eye on rear - view mirror ) . just keep it up , honey . tell I some more about how you be the Queen of the veile Prophet bail ...... there be a murderous undertone , both to he voice and he ex - pression . he sharply cut the wheel . she give he a sudden frighten look . long shot the chevrolet turn onto another street , disappear out of angle . camera hold until siever ' pontiac appear , turn the corner after it , after slow to keep a discreet distance . long shot come to the next corner , the chevrolet turn again . int , pontiac ~ process siever see cady make this third turn , compress he lip in annoyance , suspect now that cady know he be be tail . slevers make a decision . : ed 80 82 83 #1913 : a T long shot ~ pontiac siever do not follow cady but keep straight on . dissolve to ext , rooming house STREET ~ night this be a street of old two -story house , with a occasional small shop , dark at this late hour , Cars be bark alcng the curb . siever park he pontiac near the corner , walk along until he find cady 's chevrolet . hood a peneii flash with he hand , he check the license number to make sure , then glance up at a single light window on the upper floor of a nearby reom housé . as hs watch , the light go cut . siever walk back to a pnone booth on the corner . int . phone booth siever drop in 4 dime , dial , keep he eye on the rooming house . police voice Police Department += siever ( into phone ) give I sergeant elkins if he 's there . : elkins ! voice ( after a pause ) elkins speak . siever Mike -- chariie siever . i'm at the corner of sherman and San Juan . if you want something on Max cady , he 's up in 4 room with a girl who blow anto town a few day ago . Diane Taylor . over eightsen , but you can still get he for lewd vagrancy . cuT to int , rooming house bedroom ~ night the room be in almost tetal darkness . a thin shaft of light from a rear window stresk across the bed . cady be silhouett against the lighter rectangle of the uncurtain window . camera pan with he as he come over to the bed , and as angle widen we see Diane , in 4 slip , lie curl up on the bed , she eye continued es 83 ey 85 8&6 # 1913 - have continued half -close . she stir a3 she feel the iron bed jiggle , and she eye open wider . camera have now move off cady and creep into a close shot of Diane . who be slowiy sit up = stare at cady , and as sudden fear grip she , she try to get off the bed , camera suddenly tilt ufward past a lattice screen «< which throw a grotesque pattern of shadow across the ceiling . we hear a small stifle scream of fear and pain from Diane , and as the camera slowly begins to revolve round the ceiling , the focus blur , : curt to ext . corner - night a two - man prowl car come to a stop around the corner , where siever be wait for they . marconi and another officer get out , leave the car guard by a doberman pinscher in the back seate : siever - I % 11 point out the room to you . they nod and ail three walk out around the corner . ext . rooming house STREET - night they walk quietiy toward the rooming house . when they reach cady 's chevrolet , siever point to the house siever ( low voice ) second floor . right front . the two officer waik to the frent door , find it unlock and disappear inside . int . rocming housh = upper hallway = night marconi rap on Diane 's door . marconi opan upé ( no answer ) open up ? the two man throw they shoulder against the door : it burst open . ed 87 88 90 #1913 ag int . diawe' room ~ night Diane lie on the bed , clad in a wrapper . she be in shadow - have a oddly urumple look about she . the man look past her to a curtain biow in the improvise kitchenette beyond . one of the officer waik into the kitchen . marconi ( from kitchen ) there 's 3 back door open here «= and a outside stelrway - ( return ) how long ago do he leave ? diané stare at the ceiling fixedly . she be still in shadow so that we may not be able to see she feature , but there be something strange in the way the officer look at she . dissolve to omitted int , rooming house hall and stairway ~ night there be a dim night light burn in the hallway . as shot open siever be lighting 4 cigar . he turn as he hear the door of Diane 's recom open , and marconi come out follow by he colleague . camera move in with siever as he go to meet marconi . : marconi something kind of weird 's nappen to she . we can not get she to spill a thing -- maybe you can . siever look tcward Diane 's room ; knock briefly on the door , and simultanéousiy open it and go in . int . diane's room siever come in , and ' look across at Diane . she do not acknowledgs he presence sven when he close the door behind he . siever come up to she . siever miss Taylor ?... no answer . siever you may be hurt worse than you realize . would you like I to get a doctor ? : continued ed 90 # 1913 . BC continued no answer . siever movis around the bed , try to get she to look at he at least . stever my name be Charlie siever . I be a@ private detective and I can help you . ( not response from Diane ) why take a bezting like this lie down ? a man life that nas not the right to walk arouné free , you have get the law on you side . why not use it ? still Diane dee not answer . now siever begin to talk to she more harshly , feel this be the only way he will be able to get through to she . stever no one blame you for be afraid of Max cady , this one 's different and you know it . he beat you up to - night , he will probably do it again tomorrow night . he may even kill you . siever draw up a cnsir and sit on it . look intently at she , he continue the try and break through to she . siever let I take you down to the homicide Bureau , miss Taylor , and show you some phietcerspk of girl who get mixse up with msn like cady . they will make you sick , but you will ] realize how lucky you be to be alive . why not protect yourself ? Diane lock up at he slowly . now she slide off the bed and move slowly toward the phone . she glance at a ad on the cover of the phone bock , then begin to dial . siever watch she . Diane have she number now . diane hello . could you send a taxi cab over promptly toe the corner of sherman ana San Juan , I want to go to the bus station ... right quick ...? ( timidly ) please ? continued ed 90 '' #1913 52 continued '' 2 she wait a moment , then hang up . she move away , drag she batter little suitcase from underneath the bed and begin to throw she few possession into it . throughout the rest of the scene she be pack and dress to leave . diane ( as she move away from the telephone ) protect myself ! nobody can protect themselves against that guy ! he be not human . sure I be scared of he ! I be scared to death of he ! and you can not help I ! siever but I can . file a assault charge and cady will get six month in jail . diane six month ! and after that ? she suddenly thrust she bruise face at he . diane before he walk out of this room , he say ... he say to consider this only a sample ... and accord to my limited knowledge of human nature ... Max cady be not a man who make idle threat . siever watch she pack for a moment . siever leave town if you want to and no one will blame you . but before you go = help we to put this man away . she sense a urgency in he which be personal . she stop and look at hin . diane what 's you angle ? siever I have a client . a mr. bowden . cady have threaten he wife and daughter . never mind the reason . Mr. bowden be worried , and I do not blame he . you know cady . '' continued ea 90 90 - a 91 # 1913 + change 4/6/62 52 continued - 3 diane ( stop for a moment ) do you believe that I could ever , ever in my whole life step up and repeat to another live soul what that man.. what he do ... distractedly she go back - to she pack . '' her . ( % ) movement be fluttery , uncocrdinate . . diane what about my family ? I be someonet daughter too ... what about the news - papers in my home town ? do you think I could bear to have they read about this ? I feel soee.e soseo lowe . i'll never feel the same again . i'11 never belong to myself again ... she be overcome and sink down on the bed , sobbing . and.as ( kx ) camera move into a close shot of this huddle , pathetic figure . dissolve to ext . rooming house STREET - night a taxi be wait outside the house as Sam bowden drive up . he get out hurriedly , look to be sure of the address . he have ( X ) dress hastily and wear no.tie . he walk quickly into the hous int . upper hall rooming house - night shoot down the staircase as Sam hurry in and up the stair . camera pan and track with he to include siever ané the two policeman , who be wait outside Diane 's room . siever I be efraid I get you down here for nothing . she will not talk and she 's leave town on the next bus . now the door of Diane 's room open and Diane come slowly out , carry she suitcase . she stand look at siever and sen . siever . this be Mr , bowden , before it 's ( X ) too late ~-- will - you , reconsider ? ' os 91 - a 91-8 gi-c 92 #1913 . 53 shoot down at Diane as she stare up at Sam . close shot = SAM as he look down at she . close shot of Diane as - with tear in she eye = she hesitates . confused and in turmoil she turn away from he and camera pan and track with she as she hurry down the stair , at the front door she pause again , then suddenly turn around and look back up the stair at Sam . in a half choke little voice : diane itm sorry ... really I be sorry . she quickly open the door and go out . the door slam behind she . int . rooming house hall and stair - night siever , Sam and the two policeman be look down at the empty hall . then siever make room for the officer to pass . sizver so long , Roy . marconi better luck next time . Sam nod , wait until the policeman be go , SAM seem cady have you spot . should you put another man on he ? siever he would spot the next one just as quickly or quick . they start down the stairway . SAM what next ? : siever Drop it . you be waste you money . he expect to be cover , '' anytime he want to shake loose he will figure a way , continued & es 92 93 #1913 continued sem stop , sseing he last hope fade . SAM . then what do you suggest , Mr. siever ? siever hegitate , then speak in a low voice . . siever Change he mind . get in touch with a guy name Alex jepson . he 's get some rougn friend along the waterfront . for the right price ... Sam , after a pause , start down the stair again , sam be you kid ? I can not consider that . : : siever follow . they reach the door . . siever . okay , .so youtre a lawyer and you believe in due process , well , it 's you family , not mine . but a type like that be a animal . so you fight he like a animal . that 's my advice . ( shake hand ) good luck . - SAM thanks . good night . he slowly follow siever out . dissolve to ext . forbe ' yacht basin - day this be a commercial affair , not a club . the bowden boat be in its slip , a small cabin cruiser with twin outboard . a fair number of other slip be empty . the entire bowden family be at work , busily sand the trim and polish the brightwork , except for Sam , who be varnish . a big , sleek chriscraft back out of a nearby slip , start out of the basin . the family aboard wave mockingly at the labor bowden . Nancy look after it wistfully . nancy oh , misery ! wonder when we can have one like that ? continued e3 93 #1913 continued SAM it 's on we fiscal program for 1980 , : nancy what 's fiscal ? SAM what we have not get . peggy ( wipe she brow ) I have be look for a excuse to quit this and I have finally find it . I just remember I forget to buy any paper plate and cup . she rise , rub she aching imee . nancy mother$ you do that on purpose ! peggy you can not convict I on mere suspicion . Sam rrise , stretch ) if one rat leave the ship , why not two ? ( to Nancy } want to take over this brush for a minute ? nancy now where be you go ? SAM just to get a little thin from tony . the varnish 1s thicken up . nancy if we be a family of rat , I think I should be leave , too . SAM no , you represent a giant stride in evolution . just do not drip varnish on the deck , Sam have be work near the stern . with a wry look , Nancy move to take he place as Sam assist poggy to the catwalk . 63 oh #1913 . 56 mo . shot - nancy she bend down , face toward the stern , make sure that she brush do not dribble on the deck . but then a outboard speed - boat , move slowly out of the basin come into vie , aboard be two youths , youth hey , Nancy ! ahoy ! she look up , have just re-dip she brush . unnotice , it drip all over . youth aboy ! . camera pan around to reveal Max cady stand on the wharf , smoking a cigar snd hold en open beer bottle in he hand , watch Nancy o.s. , with impassive interest . youth's voice come the the picnic ? nancy'' voice yes , if we ever get start ! angle featuring cady the speedboat be beginning . to pull out of view . youth okay , we 'ii do some water ski . okay ? nancy ( smile and wave ) okey . the speedboat disappear . now Nancy glance down , notice the varnish drip . in wild haste , she grab a rag , begin scrubbing furiously , she position pull she white short tight and revealingly over she hip and thigh . Max cady be very aware of this , but then he hear the soft thud of rubbernsole snoe cn the planking . he half turn , show neithes alarm nor surprise as camera pull back , bring Sam into angle . Sam have a ¢an of varnish thin in he hand . he stare at cady with barely suppress anger . SAM . ( low , tight voice ) what be you do here ? caby why , I be have a beer , counsellor , and I be smoking this here cigar . continued es 95 96 #1913 : 57 continued SAM do it some place else . cady ( mockingly ) so the man sell I a beer and I be think about maybe rent a boat . just how many law you get against that , counsellor ? SAM look , maybe you can get away with poisoning my dog , and beat up a little drifter like Diane Taylor , but do not push you luck with I . youtre head right back to jail and this time it will be for good . Nancy have now hear they . she stand up , face they . cady she 's gettin ' to be almost as juicy as you wife . closeup - SAM as he realize clearly for the first time that cady represent @ seXual threat to Nancy . SAM why you filthy minded ... he instinctively throw a punch , angle widening . the blow land on cady 's cheek with a sharp crack . cady 's eye blink and then he grin . Sam , expect he to retaliate , swing again . obviously a train boxer , cady teke the blow with he head move away , but still it land hard . now Nancy be run toward they . several people appear from farther down the line . venting the wrath and tension of week , Sam hit cady with a leave and then another right . still cady keep he foot , main - tain he grin , partially side - slip the blow but strike none himself . Sam hesitates as he begin to realize cady will not fight back , : cady you be not go to force I into a sucker play . just have you inning , mine be come . the people who have hurried along the dock now hesitate , then stand - watch . Sam turn toward Nancy who , shocked by some - thing she can not understand , be stare at he with tear - fill eye . continued 6g 96 97 98 #1913 58 continued cady ( to newcomer ) guess you folk see this , huh ? you notice I never laid a hand on he . I be standint here mindin ' my business and this guy attack I . he rub he cheek and start away , with the puzzle people tear between he and Sam . nancy thet 's he , be not it ? Sam nod and put he arm around Nancy , comforting she . dissolve to . ext , river - Day the outboard cruiser be move at half= -speed past a line of moth - ball navy ship . Nancy be at the wheel . Sam and Peggy be sit in the stern . mo . shot - SAM and peggy Peggy be sit close to Sam , message he swollen hand , peggy eee then he 's insane . he have to be . can not he be put away ? . SAM legally , not 's sane . he know exactly what he be do just now . look how he maneuver I into make a public display of myself . peggy I wish you would hit he with something heavy , like a anchor . you have de - fend all kind of people . you have always say nobody 's all bad - 1 almost belisv it till now . SAM how 's Nancy ? she have not say much . peggy nlook toward Nancy ) . you remember year ago when we take she to the circus and that gorilla go wild ? it 's the same thing now - continued - 68 98 99 2100 101 lo1 < a 102 102- a 102- B # 1913 / 59 continued peggy ( cont would ) ea feel of something so savage that it do not have the right to be in the same world with she . SAM the gorilla be in a nice , air ~ condition cage , but how in the name of God , do you cage a man like Max cady ? dissolve to omitted ext . high school - afternoon School be over for the day . the last pupil be flocking across the crosswalk as Nancy come out of the school , carry she book . Peggy 's car be almost opposite the schocl gate . naney burry towards it . ext . peggy's car Nancy find it empty , and wonder where she mother be . nancy get into the car and lay she book on the seat beside she . wit ! she imagination over-stimulated by thought of Max cady , who can be anywhere at any time , she become increasingly anxious . Rather nervously she switch on the radio . the music begin , a : just as Nancy be try to relax , she see something ahead . mo . long shot - nancy'' angle - ( shoot through windshield ) walk toward she , forty or fifty foot away , be Max cady . for a moment he be nearly obscure by a pass truck , then reappear , closer . reverse angle - close shot - ( shoot through windshield ) - nancy she be like a bird paralyze by terror . closer shot - max cady camera pull back with he as he move forward . across the street toward the car , stare all the time at suncy . he stop for a pass girl on a bicyelo , then continue . es 102-c 1o02-d 102- E 102- F 102-4 103 - a 163-b # 21913 _ 60 int . car ~ close shot - nancy terror be grow on she face . she look around . the music from the car radio be still play . she move over to the ear door , and start to open it . '' tracking shot - ( shoot from behind cady ) with cady in f.g. , as he continue diagonally across the street . in front of he -- still quite a long way away -- we see the little figure of Nancy get quickly out of the car , start back along the pavement . closer shot = nancy now very afraid . she look around for help . at this moment , though , the street be desert ; she be alone ; and -- with a sudden impulse -- she turn and run into the schoolground , . ext . schoolground - long shot this , too , be now desert . Nancy run toward the main school ' building and up the step . to the double door . closer shot = nancy she try the double door ; bhey + be lock , she turn in terror and see : flash shot - nancy'' angle through the iron railing surround the school playground . cady be come along the pavement -- approach the gateway into the school , ext . schcolground - nancy now she run around the side of the school building . in the distance , and beyond the railing , a Boy be get onto he bicycle . she run towards he , but now he be already . peddle away . he turn a corner , and again she be quite alone , ext . schoolground - reverse angle as Nancy run towards we . cameda pan .with she as she pass a small door -~ suddenly realize this might be she mean of escape -- and double back to the door . she try to open it . it stick . she rattles it and it burst open , and she run inside . es 103-0 103- D 103- E 103- F 103 < G 103- h 10k. #1913 61 int . school Nancy burst the door open and run into a small desert . , classroom , ( with desk , chair and blackboard ) . in fear she run forward push aside some chair . camera track back swiftly with she as she run down a very short corridor , turn a corner snd dive inte a small boiler room . mo . shot the classroom door that Nancy burst open be slowly swinging back . it shut with a click . close shot = nancy she be cring against the wall in the boiler room , and be now certain the door have close behind cady and that he be in the school with she . her lip be quivering -~ tear of fear be in she eye . suddenly , in great panic , she dart forward and camera again pull back very swiftly with she as she run out of the boller room and rush down another corridor , turn a corner int , school basement - long shot Nancy run quickly down some basement step , sheer terror on she face . she rush towards we and camera pull back to reveal that she be in a locker room . in desperation she try to con¢eal herself between two cabinet . she think she can hear cady 's footstep come along the corridor towards the basement . suddenly she see something o.s. , and rush forward . camera pan swiftly with she as she run towards a old wash basin , clamber hastily up onto it , foree the window half open start to crawl through it . ext . schoolground - long shot = nancy ' she struggle up from the window and run wildly toward camera . as she come into a very big closeup , camera pan with she . she run out onto the pavement and almost bump into cady ( who have walk around the side of the scnool ) . she emit a strangle scream of terror ani run into the street . there be @ screeching of brake . a car fender brushes she and she be throw to the pavement , another angle a crowd quickly gather . omitted Z é x loy-c 105 through 108 109 trw # 1913 - . be ext . peggy's car Peggy come up to she car ( some distance away from " accident " ) . something disturb she , the car door be open -- the redio be playing -- Nancy 's book be on the seat , now she become , aware of the commotion just around the corner . camera start pulling back with she as she run toward the gather crowd , another angle - crowd collect around Nancy . ad lib be she hurt ? . be she okay ? she run right in front of I . cady be miss : he have successfully vanish , Peggy thrust she way through the crowd and gather up Nancy in she arm . closer shot pegey hold Nancy close . ad lib : I see it , miss - she 's not badly hurt . do not look where she be go -- Nancy be crying and tremble as she cling to poggy . nancy I see he -- I see he --! I see that man -- he follow I ... as Peggy help Nancy to she foot and she begin to limp away , io dissolve to omitted int , bowden home - late afternoon shoot from top of landing down staircase as the front door be throw open and Sam hurry in . he mount the stair two at a time and as he coma in to clos # shot camera pan with he , he hasten towards Nancy 's bedroom , throw open the door and hurry in . we see Peggy sit in a chair beside Nancy 's bed . ' bm 109 - a 116 111 # 1913 - 63 int . nancy'' bedroom ~ late afternoon - alter angle as Sam hurry up to the bed . | SAM ( as he enter ) how be she ? he be look down at Nancy , who be asleep in the bed . she lock pale , and even in sleep , she face seem troubled . pegcy she 's only bruise -- but the doctor give she a sedative and she 's sleep -- samt face set like stone , he turn , start . quietly out of the room , at first she 's too surprised to speak , then she start after he , peggy I be sorry , Sam . I be sorry ... int , bowden upper hall - late afternoon Sam start down the stair . Peggy come out of the bedroom , pegsy I think the drugstore would only take a second , he do not answer or turn , but head straight for the study . peggy Sam -- where be you go ? worried now , she start down the stair , int , sam' study - late afternoon he come in , unlock a desk drawer , lift a revolver from its hide place , he stick the gun in he waistband , button he coat over it , start toward the door , as Peggy hurry in , peggy Sam ! ske block he way , take hold of he arm and in do so , feel the gun under he coat , she catch she breath - a moment of shocked surprise , then sem brushes she aside and start out of the room , ' : peggy ( she be eftor he ) oh no ! you can not -~ you can not do a thing lixe this --! continued 112 112-a #1913 : 64 continued she have a grip on he arm and half swing he around , try she best to hold he back . peggy Sam -- be you out of you mind ? sem shake she off , move past she , int . live rcom Sam cross toward the front door , with Peggy try to stop hin , peggy will you please listen ! he didnt hurt she ! he do not touch she . she panicked when she see he in the street . he do not do anything , Sam ! SAM { cold ) . pine , then I will just wait until he do , he shove she aside once more and make for the front door , Peggy run after he . peggy ( loud ) Sam , listen to maf ! it would be murder ! you know that ! do you want to ruin all of we ? be not that exactly what he want ? now they be at the door . . peggy : in the name of heaven , pay he off , buy he off , give he some money and he will go away , but do not do this to we ! Sam go out the door , ext . front porch - mo , shot ~ SAM and peggy - night Sam be stride toward he car , as pegsy appear on the porch , her voice this time match he own purposeful mood , continued . dm 112-4 113 no #1913 65 continued peggy Sam , I will not let you ! if you get into that car , I will call the police , you will not get six block before they pick you up . close in on Peggy as , white - face , she turn sharply and go back inside . int. live room - peggy determined and completely in control now , she ran across the room toward the study . int . study - peggy 's she grab the telephone , dial * 0 " , camera move in close , | peggy give I the police department -- please -- quick -~ hello , TI want Captain dutton -- yes , it 's urgent ee. tell he it 's Mrs , bowden - yes , bowden ... ( wait impatiently ) capt. dutton , my husbard -- she break off , look toward door , angle widen as Sam stand in the doorway , then come slowly in . he take the phone , SAM ( inte phone ) sorry -- false alarm , Mark , every - thing 's all right ... I will talk to you later , he put the phone down , sit thoughtfully on the edge of the desk , Peggy take he by the hand , lean she face against he arm , relieved . Sam still boil mad , be figure out he next move as wa , dissolve to int , the mariner - night Sam be seat in a booth . he has°evidently be wait 2 long while ; the ashtray contain several cigarettes butt and he be glance at he watch for the umpteenth time , hao have a untouched drink in front of he , then he tense , tear botwaon relief and anger , as he see - Max cady approaching at a leisurely pace . cady glance at the ashtray . continued bm # 1913 , 66 114 continued cady sweatin ' a little , huh , counsellor ? well , just remember , I wait eight year , {as waiter approach ) you gonna buy I a drink ? SAM ( beckon ) waiter , ' cady sit down , turn to the waiter , cady make mine a double . the twelve year old stuff , ( indicate Sam ) my rich cousin here say the best be none too good for I . the waiter leave , Sam be mask he feeling as best he ean , while cady be as lordly as Hitler receive the french surrender , he light a cigar , deliberately offer no open , sadisti - cally determine to force Sam into make the first move , SAM how much do you . want , cady ? cady ( affect surprise ) how 's that cgain ? SAM I say , how much do you want ? cady I be always a little slow on the uptake until after the first drink , . be we discuss dough , be that it ? SAM that 's it , cady now that 's heart - warming , be not it ? a poor ex - con come to - 'a new town to make a fresh start , and a lead citizen step right up and offer he financial help , it renew you faith in human nature , sure do , the waiter bring though drink , Sam wait until he leave , but then cady call he back , contenued bm 11h #1913 conti nued 67 - 2 cady hey , buster , you get any peanut , salted in the shell ? waiter not in the shell . cady forget it . ( as waiter leave ) _ I can see I get to educete this town . SAM let 's have the answer , cady well , now , that would take some figure , would not it ? what would you consider eight lose year worth , counsellor ? think a court could put a value on that ? SAM _ stick to the point , how mech ? he drain Sam wait '' that cady must make cady too simple . I like to put value on thing , the value of eight year -- the valne of a family . interesting ealculation , counsellor . he glass , notice Sam 's untouched drink . cady that 's right , go easy on the stuff , they say it 's bad for you . ( snap finger for waiter ) hey , buster , my cousin want to buy I another . until the waiter take away the glass , realize now will allow he no open , mo clue to the price -- he he offer in the dark , SAM ten thousand dollar now - and another ten thousand over the next two year , provide you stay out of this state , cady . what if I camo back after though money run out ? continued con , - bm ay #1913 68 continued ~ 3 SAM I will give you @ simple answer to that one , I will kill you , cady ( smile ; then seem to consider ) twenty grand , that 's less than three thousand per for my eight year , do not seem like you have hsard about ths minimum wage Law , counsellor , but just for the fun of it , let 's get back to the value of a family . now maybe you do not know I have a family . . his second drink arrive , cady take a long swallow , ease back into the old mock manner , : cady one wife , one kid -- that 's what I have when you send I up , Mary dumped I pronto , she never even visit . I sign the papers for the divorce -- '' SAM understandable , cady that be not it . it be the prison rap that get she . she call it a disgrace , ( voice harden ) and that be you do , not mine , counsellor , anyway , she marries a lousy plumber , have a litter of kid , my kid never even hear of I -- well , when I get out , I look Mary up . the kid be in school and the plumber be out plumbing . she run and get a poker and try to hit I over the head with it , I take it away from she and calm she down . she crawle in the car and I drive she to a little spot about fifty mile away . SAM why tell I all this ? cady I get my reason , that night I make she phone ths plumber , I have hor say she be take a little vacation from continued bh 114 #2913 ~ change 4/6,/61 continued - 4 cady ( cont would ) he and the kid . then I make she write I a love note end dete it , ask I to take she away for a second hone : nade she write it full of 2 then I keep she pretty busy for three day , you get the picture , counsellor ? SAM I be get it . cady good. tell she if she ever try to yell cop I would mail a photostat of the note to the plumber , she be impressed . then I pour a fifth of liquor in she , throw she shoe and dress away , and give she a good chance to work she way home , with every fibre of he be , Sam want to say , " you son of a bitch , you need kill . " he glare at cady , but finally con - trol himself , - s4&u it 's a charming story . what be it suppose to prove ? cady drain he glass , cady counsellor , for a smart man you be sure slow in get the picture , De not you see ? I would be burn for eight year , but now I gct what you call compiste peace of mind about Mary . only now do he full meaning come into focus . in Sam 's mind , he neds grimly , prepare to get up . SAM : so it 's no deal . cady you be get werm , counsellor , when I be in stir all . I could think about be busti not out to kill a guy - maybe you know who - I be forna kill he with my bare hand , slow , so he " continued wv a , gee '' # 1913 ~ change 5/26/61 70 , x 114 continued - 5 . cady ( cont would ) could taste it . I kill he every night for seven year , but the eighth year I realize I be lettin ! he off too easy , too fast . you know , in China or some place , they cut off a toe , the little one , and then pretty soon they cut off the next , and so on , that 's better . Sam can not restrain himself from lean forward slightly , for the moment fill more with cold anger than fear , SAM and for little toe , I be to understand child , be that it ? cady ( grin ) that 's you train of think , not mine , 3115 '' closeup ~ SAM he stand up slowly , drop some bill on the table . SAM ( calmly ) my train of think !... you shocking degenerate . I have see the worst , the dregs ... but you ... you be the lowest 's - it 's sicken to breathe the same air , he turn and walk out , angle widening , Max cady smile lezily and give the waiter the high sign . cady hey , buster , I think my cousin leave enough for another . dissolve to wt bv with t ext . cafe - dock area ~ night Sam bowden come out and walk around the corner . 115-b int , pool hall - night two pool table . the usual sleazy inhabitant , Sam enter and look ground , some of the pool player and hanger - on pause to take a look at he , he be definitoly out of place . the proprietor behind the counter lock up at Sam , continued al 115 -b 115 -' # 1913 - change 5/26/61 7 continued SAM can you tell I where I can find Alex jepson ? the proprietor indicate a back door at tr rear of the establishment . proprietor go on threugh that back door «- I will get he for you , Sam walk through the pool hall toward the rear as the inmate continue to stare at he . - ext , courtyard = night this be a small , irregular court shape like a funnel , the spout open into the street . the court be full cf garbage ean and clothes line , with ramshackle exterior stairway lead up to the back of the ancient building . Sam come CUT , look around impatiently , finally up - end a box and sit down . angle widen as a lissome woman , lola , about thirty , and wear a tight gown , come out of a back doorway and stand for a moment . during the brief time that the door be open we can hear a hot piano rather loudly . after the door be close , the music be still audible but mute . lola see Sam and start toward he , carry she purse jauntily . she approach San . lola get a match ? as Sam search for a book of match , find it , and strike a match , lola open she purse , take out a fine havena cigar , and let he light it . for she . she take a drag and exhales a cloud of smoke , gesture towards the o.s. piano . lola some beat , isnit it ? SAM very good . lola '' that jigger Johnson , he 's the great - est . a ' we get draught beer . we get everything . why do n'tch on over ? ss ) ° SAM no , thanks , lola ( study he ) say ... be not you agnes ! fella ? continued al # 1913 - change 5/26/61 72 115-c continued SAM afraid not . lola {after a pause ) you the fella run that deluxe Cafe down on the river ? : SAM nope ... | lola , I have see you somewhere ... if it 's one thing I be good at , it 's face . ! Sam ( grin ) I must have the kind of face that get around . lola , ( shrugging ) so you be two other guy . { then ) i how come you be not say anything about my cigar ? SAM free country . jepson walk into shot . jepson -- okay , lola , take it inside . lola nleave } thanks for the light . jepson what do you want with I ? Sam take a small picture out of he pocket and hand it to jepson , it be a mug type of photograph of cady . SAM his name be Max cady . you can usually find he in the boar 's head , : jepson . : what do I want to find he for ? continued al 115-c # 1913 ~ change 5/26/61 continued = 2 SAM I want you to work he over . jepson consider this . jepson what make you think that 's in my dine of work ? SAM you be recommend by Charlie siever , jepson ( after a pause ) would you like he medium , rare , or well do ? SAM let 's say medium well , jepson this gay be makin ' it with you wife ... or something ? SAM no , not that . I just want you to eonvince this man that he should leave town ... for gaod . jepson study the picture . jepson pretty big boy , be not he ? two guy =-- maybe three ? SAM ( nod ) Three . . jepson all right , mister ...? SAM ( hesitates ) randolph . jepson be not take in , grin . jepson mister randolph , that will cost you five ... let 's say seven hundred , as Sam take out he wallet . dissolve to oan . mse a _ ec 116 through 125 125 - a 125-b # 1913 - change 5/26/61 : 7 % ( x ) omitted int . bowden live room - nancy - night subdued , still in a mild state of schock , she 1s sit curl up , in a large wing - chair , occupy , clumsily , but with @ patience , in the wholly uncharacteristic activity of knit o.s. the SOUND of Sam 's car come to a halt in the driveway , Peggy hurry anxiously through the room , and , in pass , give Nancy a look of pain and tenderness , ext . the bowden front porch - night Peggy meet Sam on the step . they embrace silently . Sam know for sure now that he be not just in a " war of nerve " , pegg look at he questioningly , wait for he to speak , SAM Peggy , this be no war of nerve . he ' will not be buy off ... it 's Nancy he 's after and he will get to she sooner or later -- unless I change he mind , her body tense under he arm ; she face suddenly look as tired and draw as he own , peggy I do not believe it ! I simply will not i you have say yourself he 's too clever to take chance , how could he even touch she without take a chance , there be a edge in he voice , not direct at she , but at the situation itself , he do not want to upset she more than nece - sary , yet it be hard to avoid the question , SAM ( glance to - ward window ) what would you do if she be attack ? peggy ( shocked ) what be you talk about ? how can you say such a thing ... what 's the matter with you , Sam ! SAM would you have he arrest ? have he try ? naturally , he would deny the whole thing , that mean that Nancy contin ls gee # 1913 - change 5/26/61 125-b continued sah ( cont would ) would have to testify . you have never watch a child testify in such a case , and thank God you have not , you have never hear the clinical report , the question , the detailed answer she have to give , she would have to give they all right ... you under - stand ? he will deny it and we will have to prove he guilty . Peggy have listen to this in grow awareness of its full meaning and now she break - peggy a beast like that ... with he record ? who would believe he ? SAM no one == but that would not stop the question . peggy please , do not go on} I do not even want to think about it ! ' he put he arm around she , SAM cady know that we could not put Nancy through a ordeal like that ... he know that for all of we the trial would never end , peggy but there must be something else we can do ... there have to del SAM ( grimly ) there be . peggy what be you go to do ? SAM let 's just say I be go to talk to he in the only language he under - stand , dissolve to 128 # 1913 - change 5/26/61 th ( x ) ext . alley in rear . of cady' rocming house - night a car be move into the alley , its headlight illuminate , the park car and rickety frame gerege . as the car find a narrow slot , we recognize it as Max cady 's chevy , int . chevy cady switch off the ignition and light . he open the door , bend to get out . as he head clear the car roof , a bicycle chain flash into angle from rear , strike he on the back of the head , knock he hat off . ext , alley cady half lurch , half fall out of the car . a shadowy figure whip back the chain for another blow ; but cady , move by instinct , duck under it , gorilla-like arm emorace the man while simultaneously he knee jerk up to the groin . the. goon continued . sq 128 129 130 jaw # 1913 - : 76 continued give a explosive gasp of agony . but this action be not isolate ; another goon be now leapirg in from the side , bicyel chain swinging , it strike cady on the top of the head ; he go to the ground on top of the first goon , now a third jfotn in . he and the second kick cady in the body and beat he on the back with the thain until he manage to reach out and grab the second goon by the anzie , jerk he eff he foot . this give cady a instant to deal with number one , lie underneath he . one sclid blow to she jaw and number one lie still ; in the next in - stant cady have a chain in he ow hand . he come up swinging and number Three retreat , but now number two regains he foot , anvacn cady from behind . cady bend , flip the goon over he tack so hard that the man crash into the wall of a garage , splintering the board by the impact and then lie in a crumpled heap , out of the fight . by this time the first gocn have get to he knee , but cady , swinging the chain to keep number thres at a distance , kick number one in the jaw , snap he head back with a brittle crack . end of number one. now number Three , " gee himself the last man on the field , turn to run , but cady be too fast for he . he lash out with the chain , whipping it half - way around the manit neck , slow he enough for cady to catch he arm , whirl he around , cady whip he with the chain about the face and head until he slump unconscious . then Max cady , face stream bico , lean againat a car , gasping great gulp of air ; but a slight movement on the part of number two serve to revive he , hae give the man a final kick , throw the bicycle chain in he face , then , wheeze like a wounded lion , he stagger toward the open docr of he car , throw himself into the seat , and gun the car iato a screeching , skid start the open door continue to flap and bang as he disappear into the darkness . dissolve 7 ext . isolated phone booth ~ night = cady' car come to a hait in front of it . cady lursch out , enter the phonebooth as though intend to burst right through it , close in on cady at phone , hideously bruise and smear . he reach impatiently into he pock , pulis out a fistful of coin , slam they down , heedless of that which tumble to the floor . he insert a coin and dial . his batter face assume the semblance of a leer . int . bowden bedroom - night Peggy be in bed , read . Sam be in the dress rocm , 0.8 . the phone ring , Peggy , surprised to get a call at this lata hour , pick it up . continued gec 130 131 and 132 132- a # 1913 - change 5/26/61 | 77 continued peggy hello ? cady' voice ( a scramble , inaudible torrent of obscenity ) on Peggy 's face , a look of pure shock , for a long moment , she be simply too petrify the remove the instrument from she ear , close - SAM come in from the dress room , take one look at Peggy 's face , and stride toward she . he take the phone out of she hand , lis - ten for a moment . his expression change from shock to sudden rage . . SAM now listen to I , cady , ' this be what you ask for , and it be not one tenth of.ec cady' voice ( scramble ) ( cut in with one final obscenity , and hang up ) Sam stare thoughtfully at the phone for a moment , when he hang up and face Peggy , the toughness in he face have be be - place by a rueful sense of failure , dissolve to int , study - night - shoot down toward the kitchen door out of the shadow come Peggy , still in she dress gown , earry . some coffee , camera pan with she to include Sam , who sit at he desk , ( also in dress gown ) , there be 4 solitary light on over he desk . the room be quiet and full of dark shadow , obviously Sam have be work at something for quite a long time . there be map and chart in front of he and he have a pencil and paper , Peggy put down the coffee on the desk . peggy fre you sure you want this , sem - -? have not we better try to get some sleep ? SAM . you remember that place up near cape fear where we stop in to see the russells a couple of summer ago ~- ? continuko ae gec # 1913 - change 5/26/61 h . x 132-a continued 132-b peggy ( wonderingly ) where they be rent the house - boat ? Brown 's Island , be not it ? SAM that 's the one ... it 's not even on the chart . so much the better , ( get up ) I be go to have a showdown with cady -- and it will be at a time and place of my choose . Peggy have start to pour the coffee . now she stop , finally force herself to ask the question , peggy Sam ... what be you get at ? Sam be slow in answer , but realize he can not avoid state the blunt fact , Sam you will not like what I be go to tell you , but the way thing be , a showdewn with he mean just one thing ... closeup - peggy as the impact hit she and she stare at he ineredulously , angle widen . SAM no , I be not go to grab a gun and go run cut like a wild man again . this time I be go to let cady make the mistake , peggy Sam , ... what 's happen . to we ? T can not believe we be stand here talk about kill a man ... | SAM we be talk about more than that «sewe be talk about the best way to do it . continued al 132.8 132 -' 133 # 1913 -- change 5/26/61 continued SAM ( cont would ) I have not get it all work out yet , there be still a lot of if , and and but about it . T be not go into this alone .. , . i'1l need plenty of help ... cady would never fall for it here -- he know we be teo much on we guard . but if he think we think she be safely hide someplace ++ peggy ( stare at he ) she -- ? you can not be talk about Nancy ! SAM I promise I will not go ahead with it until everything be airtight . T will not make a single move that will put she in any danger . . peggy but Sam -- that will not stop the terror of itl she 's only a child ! SAM and if we wait until he catch she really alone ? he will if we make one slip -- wnat about the terror then ? close up - peggy sam' voice you hear what he say on the telephone . camera move up closer as she can find no answer . dissolve to int . courtroom - morning it be early . neither jury nor spectator be yet present . a bailiff be put note , book , etc. on the judge 's desk . grafton be just coming CUT of the judge 's chamber as Sam walk in , carry he brief case . the bailiff open a window and leave . Sam and grafton confront each other at the rail sepa - rating the juror ' section from the spectator ! bench , " grafton 's jaw , already set , set even tighter at sight of Sam . grafton hello , Sam , continued ed # 1913 - change 4/6/61 78 133 continued SAM good morning , dave . grafton you sleep well ? SAM well enough , thank you , he be start toward the counsel 's table , open he briefcase . grafton you need not bother to open that , youtve try you last case 's in this state . you three hire hand land in the hospital last night . one of they think he - be go to die and . , falk ... . ( indicate chamber ) the judge be wait to tell you that itm institute disbarment proceedings against you . SAM ( stop short ) you have not waste any time , have . you ? ' grafton / I be just get start . the Committee ‘on ethic be in session up at the Capitol right now ... and they move fast . you would better be ready to tell ‘em you story by tomorrow . SAM you do not think the Committee will wait to see if I be convict of any - thing in court ? graaf ton the Committee be 's only concerned with ' keep the legal profession beyond reproach . and after what happen last night , I will be most interested in how you answer that one ! people be beginning to 's file in ; grafton turn away .. George garner come up to Sam , continued 124 and 135 136 137 137-4 # 1913 - change 4/38/61 79 cg ) continued - 2 : SAM you will have to do the summation , George . I only come down this morn - ing to tell you that I be off the case . I be go to tell the judge now . before the surprised garner can reply , Sam move toward the door of the judge 's chamber . dissolve to omitted ext . STREET - SAM - day he walk along the street toward he office , gradually make up he mind what to do . camera pull back with he . dissolve to omitted int . interrogation room - close shot - dutton - day dutton be speak violently ; during speech , angle will widen to include Sam and siever . dutton have you go out of you mind ? you have come to the wrong man ! Dave grafton be in here not ten minute ago , and you do not have a leg to stand on ! jepson 's be interro - gated right now , if he talk , I '11 have to arrest you before you leave this building ! SAM and if I be arrest , who 's go to protect my family ? can you ? you have not yet ! dutton that 's below the belt , Sam -- with Dave grafton watch every move TI make ! SAM to hell with Dave grafton -- this be my one chance to prove the truth about cady ! continued goce # 1913 - change 4/18/61 137-a continued 85 ( x ) dutton you will never prove it with a stake - out . cady 's too smart for that ! SAM I tell you I have get this work out ! there 's a houseboat up near cape fear , with a little shore cabin -- @ tele - phone .. , but it 's isolate and hard to find . it 's a perfectly plausible place for I to hide my family -- dutton no place be plausible . do you expect cady to believe you would leave you family alone anywhere ? SAM that 's the one thing that have I stop . but this morning grafton hand I ' the perfect answer right on a platter . he 's force I to fly up to Atlanta to appear before the ethic Committee ... and you can bet that he friend Mr. cady will be tailing I clear to the airport . oh , I 'il make my appearance , all right -- and then I will hire a car and cut across to the coast -- that 's eighty - five mile -- and hire a boat at hennessey 's land - ~ ing . in four hour I '1l be at cape fear , and cady '1ll think I be still sweat 1t out in Atlanta . 137-b angle featuring siever he have be listen intently , he attitude more receptive than dutto not , . siever okay , you be there , but how do you family get there without cady know it ? SAM I have already rent the place , under ancther name , of course . I will t2ke they there this afternoon by boat -- . siever cady can follow a boat ~~ cou tinued ee gee # 1913 - change 4/18/61 ee . a 137-b continued SAM except you will the shadow he and we will not leave unless I get a all - clear from you . i'12 rig it 50 cady will think they go some place in my wife 's car -- any place but cape fear . the second step be to lure he up there when we be ready «.. that 's you department , too . he know you be tie in with this case , he will follow you when you leave town if you make it look right . you will have to work out a good reason for go there -~ and for come back ... to leave he a clear field . 137-c angle featuring dutton dutton be still far from convinced . sarcasm edge he voice , dutton he step ashore and you shoot hin , be that it ? SAM that 's it ... and I ean hardly wait . dutton shoot he for simple trespass will not go , Sam -= not any more ! he 's build up too geod a case against you -- SAM it will be more than simple trespass -~ but I will not wait until he wine the blood off he hand , either . siever ( grin ) Mr. bowden , I be beginning to like you style . dutton all right , I have sten ! now you listen . you co not be fool enough to try this alone , you would have to have help , lot cf it . and I could not help you even if I want to , - that 's county territory . : continued gec # 1913 ~ change 4/18/61 137-c continued SAM you know the sheriff . be you go to stand on ceremony at a time like this ? all you have to de be pick up the telephone . dutton and ask he for half a dozen depu - tie to help a man I should be ar- rest ? SAM I do not want half a dozen deputy . that would be the surest way of tipping it off to cady an@ grafton . one be all I can risk . one be all I be ask for . do TI get he ? dutton ( think it over ) no ! except against punk , stake - out be the riskiest caper in this business . I be not go to help you '' make what might be the biggest mis - take of you life ! SAM the biggest would be just to sit still and wait . siever look , Chief , a hundred year ago he could have walk up and shot cady and be proud of it . reason -- there be no law , and there 's no law still for the srot het in , a man 's get a duty to protect he family -- that 's the real law . dutton but this be not a hundred year ago ! grafton would crucify you if you shot cady without the law around ! SAM I know ... I know ... but the most im - portant thing to I be that Nancy , and pegzy will be safe ! continued 80 - th : &c - ( x 3 ' co 137- C 138 139 # 1913 ~ change 4/15/61 : 81 continued ~ 2 this really hit dutton , he rise and move about , dutton you and a deputy , .. two against one be not enough with this guy . Sam sense that dutton 18 come arcund and close in on he . SAM two man with gun against one with - out , you know cady 's much tco smart to risk be catch with a gun on he , and - do not forget - he will expect to catch Nancy '' and pegey there alone ! there be a long pause . finally dutton move to the telephone , dutton well ... this time next week I may be back pound a beat ... nreach for phone ) Andy kersek 's about the best mark - man in the county .- I will see if L can get the sheriff to let you have hin , dissolve to int . storage garage - late afternoon this be a large place , Sam be in f.g. , talk into phone at desk , Peggy and Nancy be stand nervously beside feggy 's car , as if expect cady to appear any moment ; and a cab Driver be take a sleep bag and several suitcase out of it , transfer they into he cab . the attendant make out a ticket and hand it to Peggy . SAM ( into phone ) where be you ? int , mariner inn ~ day siever be in f.g. , talk into a phone at the end of the b Max cady be visible at the piano in b.g. , drink and 1 2 ing to a young girl play the piano . siever ( into phone ) at the Mariner . he 's here , all conptinged nm 139 ty1l - a we #1913 82 continued siever ( cont would ) right . look like he 's set fora ' long session , you be in the clear , int . storage garage SAM ( into phone } good . I be leave Mrs. bowden 's car here , they be go to put it in dead storage . tt1l call you tomorrow . : he hang up , join Peggy and Nancy , who be already get into the cab . dissolve to ext . cape fear river -~ day shoot past a sign which read cape fear River . camera pan and pick up a outboard cruiser which be travel quite fast down a straight and wide stretch of river , as the cruiser move away from we quick dissolve to ext . cape fear river - dusk the outboard cruiser be now move slowly along a narrower wind stretch of river , and past some dark shanty - boat . '' int . cockpit - dusk holding the wheel with one hand , Sam be study a chart by the small , hood lamp . Peggy and Nancy be stand beside he . all be wear the same street clothes in which we last saw they , except for rubber - sole shoe . Nancy be stare at the shanty - boat . . nancy be it one of that ? peggy ( smile ) . * of course not . our be gold - plate -- if the rent be any indication . continued prs pe 142 143 lyb 145 #2923 83 continued SAM ( switch off lamp ) we should have keep to the leave of keg Island , about a mile back . May - be itt for the best - if anyonet be follow we we will see he . long shot the boat make a 180 - degree turn and start up - river . ' dissolve to ext . houseboat landing - dusk the outboard cruiser , engine idling , be moor to a narrow pier . also moor there , on the downstream side , be a small houseboat with a clean , modern look . near the base of the pier be a tiny , rustic cabin , with a masonry barbecue nearby . except for this clear , the shore be densely wood . light be on in the houseboat . Sam be carry some suitcase from the cruiser into the houseboat . int . houseboat - MAIN cabin - dusk this be a fairly well - furnish combination live room , dining room and galley . Sam be bring in some suitcase , and Peggy be come through the door of the bedroom . Nancy be unload and stack grocery . nancy {as she work ) be we go to be completely maroon ? 1 mean , no visitor or anything ? peggy {a little alarmed ) you do not say anything to Betty ? nancy I do not say anything to a soul , honest . SAM ° ( give Nancy a casual hus ) have a nice voyage to nowhere . i? '11 see you in a day or two . continued as 145 14 ? 148 149 150 # 1913 - change 4/6/61 Bu . thry continued nancy do not get lose on the way home . Peggy follow Sam out . ext , pier - travelling shot - dusk pegsy walk with Sam toward the little cruiser . she be taut as a fiddle string but try not to show ite SAM think she will be able to stand all this shatter peace and quiet ? peggy ( smile ) do not you worry about Nancy . that 's pioneer stosk . he take she in he arm and kiss she . hoth separate a little reluctently . ssm jump down into the cockpit . SAM cast off ! peggy aye , aye , sir$ she loosen the line and Sam open the terotile , leave she look small and ionely on the pier , grow more and more awaré of the strangeness of this place . she start slowly back toward the houseboat , the SOUND of the cruiser fade in the distance . dissolve to omitted ( X ) ext . airport - afternoon Sam be board a piane with several other . passenger . ext , parking area ~ cady Max cady , he face mark from the attack on he , be sit in he chevy , ostensibly read a magazine , he watch until San have board the piane . ' then he walk into the building , carryin a large manila envelope . int . airport build ~ afternoon this be a small , informal place , cady move directly to the woman ticket clark , disappointment snow on he face _ cady I have get a law brief here - continued wy pe 150 151 #2913 87 continued cady ' cont would . ) ( indicate envelope ) - for Samuel bowden . be be on that plane ? clerk ( check record ) yes , sir . cady now I do not know whether to mail it or not . you know how long he 's gonna be shere ? clerk ( again check record ) he make a return reservation . six p.m. Thursday . cady then I guess special Delivery will reach he . thanks . he walk out . dissolve to int . houseboat - MAIN cabin - night Peggy and Nancy be play backgammon , with a little transistor radio play classical music , which be not Nancy 's cup of tea . peggy ( indicate redio ) want to try another &tation ? Nancy shake she head . nancy ( push away the backgammon board ) I wish daddy be back ... Peggy 's expression make clear she do , too . she have be try hard not to pass on she own fray nerve to Nancy , but the strain be beginning to show . there be the SOUND of a sudden bump against the side of the boat . pergy tense up . then , with a gesture , tell Nancy to keep silent . she rise , turn off the light , move softly to get the automatic . Nancy , pale with tension , strain she ear , but hear nothing . pegey move slowly to the door , opan it a crack , is1 - B he hs # 1913 = changea 4/6/61 8 intercut : eat , point of view shot floating log 4s imock against the side of the housebost , tt start to drift downstream , close '' peggy and nancy Peggy breathes a sigh of relief , almost immediately they tense again as -. in the far distance - they hear another SOUND . nancy ' what 's that ?... she switch off the radio , they listen intently . nancy sound like a boat -- peggy there be bound to be boat == the SOUND of the approach motorboat now become clearer , they look at each other . nancy we do not hear any last night this late ... it 's come closer ... Peggy motion Nancy to get back , and gun poise in she hand , peer through the crack in the door , the SOUND draw closer . after a moment , Peggy relax . peggy ( as she see Sam ) it 's daddy , she throw open the door and Nancy rush forward . nancy * x daddy . ( x _ eat , houseboat landing = peggy and Nancy emerge , as a motorboat nose up to the pier . Sam and two other man be in the boat . ( one of this man disembark after sem . he be andy kersek , a wiry young deputy in boat clothes . ) Sam climb up , embrace Nancy , then turn to p . ys , note th go in she hand . Peggy smile sheepishly . peggy where can I put this where it will not look so silly ? Sam grin , embrace she , dissolve to sq 153 154 # 1913 - change 6/2/61 : as er . a int . houseboat - night Sam and Andy kersek be finish a early supper . peccy ( to Nancy ) do not you think it 's about time you be get ready for bed ? nancy but where be I go to sleep ? SAM with mother . Mr. kersek and I '!1l sleep on shore .. good night . nancy ( far from eager ) well , okay then , gaod night . pick up the transistor radio , she disappear through the bed - room door . peggy wo not you have some more coffee , Mr. kersek ? . kersek do not mind if I do . Nancy 's radio go on in the bedroom . : : SAM ( to kersek ) - will you excuse we a minute ? kersek sure thing . Sam open the door for Peggy and they walk out . ext . pier - night the speedboat be no longer there . Sam take Peggy 's hand to assist she up to the pier . SAM ( x : so far ... 80 good -- we be here and cady do not know it . Peggy shudder in the night air . SAM you can still say no if you want to , peg. : continued dh 15h 55 156 157 #1913 91 continued - 2 SAM ( cont would ) ( take she in he arm again ) nothing will start unless 1 call Charlie siever . she cling to he a long moment , then look up into he eye , peggy cell he .... dissolve to int , siever ' apartment ~ night siever be half dress , drink beer from a can as he talk : siever ( inte phone ) T tail he till he make I again , Mr , bowden , he check to see you car be home and Mrs. bowden 's car be go , look at the mail in the pox , but do not take any . then he try the boat basin . tony tell he you boat have not be out all wesk . but for 's the rest , I guess we have miss so far = - if he 's start tailing I , I have not be able to spot he , int . shore cabin - close shot - SAM - night Sam be look concerned , Peggy be toy with a fishing reel . finally Sam reply into the phone . SAM well , I still think he will , you be the only lead he have , start thing move tomorrow . dissolve to ext , bowden house ~ day siever drive in , get out and look cautiously about . he pick up the newspaper on the lawn , then movos to the mailbox on the porch , put the letter in he pocket . he then unlock the front door and disappear ingido . ably ty dh 158 my ww oo 160 160-4 161 163 #1913 : 92 ext . field near house '' day Max cady 1s concesle by the grass and bush . through the _leave he can see siever ! car , cady show interest but no excitement . then he see siever walk to the car , carry something . cady crane forward for a better view . ext , bowden house siever have a small '' s-rpm record - player and a armful of record , he put the record - player on the hood of the car as he open the door . ext , hillside - cady cady take from he pocket a pair of binocular and focus they on siever , the record - player be now clearly visible to cady as siever take it off the hood and puta it in the car . cady now cady lower the binocular , and start to creep away . ext , bowden house siever get in he car now and drive off , ext , road near bowden be home - day through the moss laden branch of some tree we she siever 's car come towards we . camera crane down as the car come nearer to we and then stop , siever get out of the car , pretend that he be have trouble with the engine . he raise the hood , with the hood raise , he be face the rear and can look back down the street . a car come along , not cady . there be no other in signt . siever poke around the engine for a ' moment , lower the hood and start back to the driver 's seat , angle widening . none too pleased , he start the car and drive away . dissolve to ext . OPEN highway = day - ( shot from within siever ' car ) siever be drive at a sedate rate of speed along a two - lane highway run beside the river . there be a few car and truck but no sien of cady 's chevrolet . dissolve to . os g 164 165 166 é 167 168 i #1913 93 ext . gas station and wharf just off highway ~- day camera pan with siever ' car as he pull up at the gas station , get out of he car and goss to a open- typ telephone , he look back down the highway . a couple of car and dark panel delivery truck pass . close shot - siever take out & notebook , still keep a eye on the highway , drop a dime into the phone slot , int . shore cabin - day sem and Nancy be play ping - pong . soon the phone ring , nancy wish I think that could be for I . : SAM y ( inte phone ) es ? ext . gas station siever be still watch the highway es he speak . sisver I be on 257 about halfway to Cross 's landing . absolutely no sign of he . you want I to keep come or go back and try it agein ?... sure , he could have switch car , but I have keep my eye on the driver , what do you say ? int . shore cabin - close shot - SAM Sam 's disappointment be obvious , and 'this be a hard decision , SAM ( into phone ) if he have not be watch you at - all , then try it sgain will not work , either , I can not keep thing set up here indefinitely , so ... come on . he hang up , angle widening to take in Nancy , who be look at he curiously . SAM ( pick up paddle } I have you seven nothing , do not 17 continued ie , dh 168 169 170 172 # 1913 ( ok continued nancy temporarily . only temporarily . she get ready to receive he serve . dissolve to ext , cross' landing - day this be a small establishment , offer boat and tackle for rent , marine gasoline , etc , siever be load the record - player and record into a rowboat with 4 small outboard motor . there be already 's large bag of grocery there . cross be draw a rough map on the back of a old envelope . cross all they island look alike , but just follow this and you can not miss it . siever thanks . he pull the cord and the outboard motor chug into life . ext . side of cross 's landing - day there be a parking strip here . the landing itself , be dow . on the river level ; be hsrdly visible , seiver ' pontiac be park with a couple of other ; the dark penel truck be pull just off the highway , sand Max cady be climb out of the rear . he walk forward , hand the driver some banknote , then walk down to the landing , the panel truck drive off . dissolve to ext , houseboat landing - day only peagy and Nancy be visible on the pier . Nancy have the pecord - player and record ; Peggy be hold the grocery pag . siever be chugging off upstream , . ext , river - day morose and seemingly half - doze , siever be actually closely scan the bushy bank as he putt . putt along . but there be nothing in sight , except the bend ahead . dh 173 173- a 173 < B 174 175 176 #1913 . 95 ext . another rsach of the river - day cady be come downstream in a boat similar to siever ' , except that he be use the oar to avoid noise . as a faint SOUND come to he , he stop row to hear better and drift with the sluggish current . now the SOUND of & motor around the next bend be clearly audible . cady spot @ small slough , row for it as hard as he can . he barely disappear into the slough before siever ! boat come into view , dissolve to another angle as siever pass cady when siever have turn another bend in the river , cady padal2 out of he hide place , and as he start up stream : dissolve to ext . houseboat and landing - night camera start on a close shot of cady 's boat -- hide in a small inlet and empty , camera pan up to show , in the distance - ~ across the river -= the houseboat and landing and cabin . light be on in the housebeat and cabin , after a moment we see the silhouette of Peggy at the houseboat window . , int , houseboat = MAIN cabin - night Peggy be alone and tense , suddenly she move away from the window , pick up some dish and take they to the pump sink . she try to keep she hand steady a8 she pour hot water from the tea kettle into the sinke ext . space under pier - night at the foot of the pier there be a narrow bank between the water 's edge and the base~pilings . crouched here , in a space hardly more than three foot high , be Andy kersek , plague by mosquito and muscle cramp . ext . par side of river ~ night = ( shoot from behind cady end towards the opposite shore ) crouched on the brushy bank be Max cady , clad only in shoe and trousers , he lift up he binocular , camera pan round slightly as he focus they on the cabin , . vis , ps 176 - a 176-3 177 178 176 - a 178-8 179 # 19130 96 through binoculars - the cabin window in the cabin we can see Nancy -~ listen to the gramophone , and bounce @ ping - pong ball in time with the record . cady lower the binocular and whisk away a mosquito . the tune from the record player drift across the water . cady start take off he shoe . ext . area near casin ~ night with the music quite loud in he ear , Sam be well conceal in '' clump of high grass and bush near the cabin . he , too , be bother by mosquito but slap at they very quietly . he be very much '' on the alert " - suddenly he hear a SOUND from the cabin and turn sharply . int . cabin - night Nancy have drop the ping - pong ball and it be bounce ané clatter up against the wall and some tin . as Nancy retrieve iti : CUT back to : close shot - SAM who now " realize " that the SOUND be only cause by Nancy . he look back towards the river . int . cabin - night Nancy be now seat by the telephone , again nervously bouncin the ping - pong ball in time with the record . from time to time she can not keep from look around . ext . river - night scarcely make a ripple , and almost completely submerge and hide by tall grass and cypress tree in the water , cady be swim toward the landing , music coming over . the record be wear , begin to repeat . then , as he near the pier , the record abruptly come to a end . cady hear a faint slapping SOUND from the base of the pler . he tread water in order to hear better . ae pe 180 181 182-b 182-c 1913 97 ext . space under pier kersek slap another mosquito , scoops up mud from the watert edge , smear it over he face and neck as protection . then he apply more to he forearm and the back of he hand , another record beginning to play . he do not see the hand that apfear from the shadow behind he , clap over he mouth while simulta - neously another hand grip one of he forearm , twist it behing he back . now Max cady 's huge torso can be see as kersek begin to struggle . cady twist the imprison arm excruciai - ingly . a expert wrestler and infinitely stronger than kersek , cady turn he victim over without take he hand from he mouth . the record continue to play . only now do cady 's intent become clear . with kersek belly down , arm twisted be - hind he , cady smother the thresh leg with he own , then force kersek 's face into the water , quickly snatch the hand from he mouth , use it to keep kersek 's head down . cady . ( fierce whisper ) you be gonna drow boy -- without a mark on you . you be too smart for you pants , kersek 's struggle be beginning to weaken . now cady begin to inch he farther into the water , with kersek 's head and torso submerge , he wait to make sure all struggle have cease . then he push he all the way in . the body sink soundlessly . cady move qut . close shot - cady as he come from beneath the pier and look toward the shore cabin . ext . cabin - night from cady' point of view : shoot through the window of the cabin we see Nancy , listen to the gramaphone . resume cady as he edge he way slowly and silently up the river bank , still look at : closer shot ~ nancy ~ through window close shot - cady as he look through the long grass and stare at : oh 63 182-d 182-e 182-f 182-4 182-h 1e2-1 182-0 183 #1913 93 mo , close shot ~ telephone wire camera pan aleng the wire and we see that it be fix to a tree , resume cady as very cautiously , and without make any sound , edge he wer forward , keep low end hide in the shadow and the long grass , camera hold hin for a little while and then es he 's completely lose from view : cuT to through the cabin window Nancy put down the bat and ball and start to sort through some record , cuT to 's close shot + tree - pan over to reveal telephone wire . they have be wrench apart , and lie dangle in break strand , camera pan . to gully in long grass , cady , on he stomach , be wriggle down towards . the pier . ext , area near cabin - night the strain wait be beginning to tell on Sam , he stretch he cramped muscle , mo . close shot - under the pier as cady slither silently down the bank , and submerges without a sound into the water , make he way to the end of the pier . the swift move current be now very noticeable . close shot a thick rcpe hold the houseboat to one of the piling . camera pan along rope and as the rope be loosen : cut to close shot - SAM as he relax from stretch he muscle , and look at : mze , ~ ah , 183-b 18h 185 186 187 188 189 a , 183-8 #2913 9¢ from sam' point of view camera pan round , and center on the houseboat . the lighta be visible through the bush , but something seem slightly odd to Sam about the position of the boat . close shot - SAM as he lcok more intently through the bush at : ext . houseboat landing = samk point of view - night the houseboat light be visible through the bush , but now there be a appreciable distance between they and the pier . ext . area near cabin ineredulously , think that he eye must be deceive he , Sam rise cautiously for a better look . ext . houseboat landing - sam' point of view now the gap between plier and houseboat light {s noticeably wider , Beyond doubt , the boat be drift away . ext , area cabin throw cauticn to the wind , Sam run past the cabin to the pier . the houseboat be now at least fifty yard downstrean , SAM kerseki kersek ? there be no answer , Sam slide down the bank , ext , sface under pier Sam appear , and clamber down the bank , he touch something , something with a unmistakeable feel . in grow horror he pull the body far encugh out of the water to recognize Andy kersek , then he lcok up : ext . river - long shot ~ SAM be . point of view + through piling of river cady be visible on the for -deck of the drift houseboat , pete ~ 1b9 - a 190 191 192 294 195 # 1913 ~ change 4/6/61 : 200 resume SAM as he clamber up the bank . int . cabin Nancy 1s still sorting out she record . suddenly she tense as Sam 's volte ring out : sam' voice naney ! Nancy } Sam appear at the screen docr . SAM ask the Operator for the sheriff 's Office ! tell they to send some man here fast ! he turn and disappear . very frighten , she dial " 0 . " ( x ) ext . houseboat landing and river bank ~- night Sam start run dowhstream along the bank . the thick bush end willow impede he ; he try the water 's edge , splash along in water a foot or so deep . even this be difficult , pro - jecting branch still get in he way . closer shot of SAM camera track back with he as he race along the bank , ext . river - sam' point of view - night the light of the houseboat be much farther away now , end beginning to disappear around a bend . pan shot - SAM he decide to abandon the river bank and try cut inland across the island , push through the thick brush , he reach more open ground , begin run . ext . river - houseboat - night the houseboat , move with the slow current begin to run gently aground stern - first . po an mm 196 # 1913 - chenge y/t ( bn 101 int . houseboat MAIN cabin - night nearly numb with terror , Peggy be confront Max cady , stand just inside the door , wet trousers cling to he powerful thigh , the mock smile on he lip . cady come on , now , you can not be that scared , when you get right down to it , what 's there to be afraid of ? he half - turn to lock the door . as if propel by spring , she dart toward the locker where she keep the gun . but cady have be wait for this ; he glide with amazing swiftness to get there ahead of she , take out the .38 . . cady well , what do you know ? I , if I have a gun I would get throw right back in stir , he throw the gun out through the port-hole , then look toward _ the bedroom door . suddenly he hand reach out , grip ner '' upper arm so tight that she gasp . 's at last she manage to speak , peggy you can not be so foolisht youtre a clever man = you never take chance - you never make a mistaket but if you take I in there you will go back to prison for life 's cady wenta bet ? peggy but you willt I be not Zik Nancy '' I will {x ) testify against you - no matter what it cost } eelieve meet '' smiling lazily , still maintain the tight grip on she arn , he shove she another step or two toward the bedroom door , cady and you a lawyer 's wife ! donitt you know if there 's consent , there can not be any charge against I ? suddenly Peggy lash out and give he a terrific crack across the face with she free hand . cady do not seem to feel it . he quickly pin she other arm and push she through the door . rs , aoe 197 198 198- a # 1913 , loz int . houseboat bedroom - night it be furnish like a stateroom , with a double bunk , dark except for the light come through the door . Peggy be strug- gling but cady have she in a iron grip . cady now get this . it will save messin ! around . I be go for Nancy - until I get wise , but I can still go for she , see ? next week , next month , so you proposition I , you instead of Nancy . and I agree never to see you again - ( smile ) - unless you might want I to . so that 's why you consent . all clear ? she stare at he silhouette against the light . peggy that 's not consent - you know that ! it 's blackmail ! cady reason dontt count . look it up . as for blackmail , you just think I might go for Nancy . you be just play it safe . you husband will understand you noble sacrifice , but he will not never forget it , neither . she try to cower back as she realize that he be close the door , gradually shutting out the light . then , in the darkness , she hear the click of the lock . cady so , all in all , I do not think you ' till talk much about this , ext . river - night camera pan over some tell grass in the water , and a second later pick up Sam swim from the island to intercept the houseboat . from sam' point of view the progress.of the houseboat be hinder by the bank , and now Sam seem to be gain on it . sy e3 198-b 198-c 196-d 199 through 202 203 20 k , 205 # 1913 ~ change l/6/61 1c close shot ~ SAM swim . camera pan up slightly to include - in the far back -= ground - the cabin , int . cabin - night nency be frantically jerk the receiver arm up and down , nancy hellot ... hello ?.. frightened now , she jiggle the receiver more violently . ext , river - night Sam manage to catch one of the moor line trail fron the stern of the houseboat , and pull himself up the low free - board , he clamber quickly over the side . omitted ext . deck - night Sam race to a small door . he try it , find it luck . after a moment of futile shaking of the knob and obsessed by the need ~ for speed , he take out he revolver and shoot the lock open , ( 4 push inside , gun ready . int . hallway - night this be a short , narrow hallway light only by the faint nighte glow come through the open door . drawer and cabinet - door line both side . Sam try the door at the far end ; this , tco , be lock . but it be a lighter door ; he throw himself against it and it burst open , int . houseboat bedroom ~ night off - balance by the sudden yield of the door , Sam half - fall into the room , which at first seem almost totally dark . ke ' mock over a chair - in he first rush . kxpect to find cady there , Sam recover as fast as he can , hold the revolver tight against he body so that it cannot be knock asido then he hear a faint whimper . huddle in a corner be fp bound and gag , grip by a fear and hysteria nearly teo great to be borne . Sam hurrio to she . continued pty vot aq 205 205 - a 206 #2913 ~ change 4/6/61 lol con tinved SAM {as he unty she ) Peggy «~- Peggy -- as she gag be remove and Peggy get she breath ; peggy ( scream ) itmalright ... it 's Nancy ! he oniy want to get you away from she , Sam tense , - horrify , suddenly realize that cady ( xx ) have trick he , and that cady now have a head start ; that cady may even now have reach Nancy . this new terror grip he as he look at : shot of hatch in roof of cabin the lid of the hatch be slightly to one side . omitted SHOCK CUT to int , shore cabin - night - big close up ~- nancy frightened , tremble with fear , she be still at the telephone , try to contact the Operator , angle do not take in door , nancy ( into phone ) hello , operator} Operator ! please answer ! I hear a shot , I be sure it be a snote .. can not you even answer mé ... 2 we hear the rattling of the doorknob . she look off . Nancy ( scream into phone } hets here ! he's here ! she drop the phone , run to get behind the ping - pong table . we hear a crash as the door be break open and see the pinge pong table be swing aside ; we have not yet see cady ; the almost hypnotize foar in Nancy 's eye be enough . sut she duck aside again , get behind the long redwood table ; this be continued £ 8 sq 207 208 209 21¢~a 210-5 2 #1913 : 10. continued a mistake ; we see it shove forward , pin she against the wall near a window . now angle widen as cady smile at Nancy , and then with a unexpectedly quick movement jerk the table bac : a few inch and then flip it over . Nancy , take by surprise , remain in place a fatal instant , then try to dart -aside , but cady be too fast ; he catch she with she back to the large sereen window . cady begin to drag she out of the room . the terror 's toc much , and she half - faint , go limp in he handsae ext . river - cady' point of view - night shoot throjgh screened window , we see the faint , vague - '' porder streak of light cast by the light room . barely visible at the edge of it be a oncoming swimmer . omitted ext , river - night Sam try to keep out of the light as he swim as quietly but as fast as he can to shore . he touch bottom and be start to wade into the rush . and overhange branch when a power= ful body hurl itself onto he as if release by a catapult , Sam go over backward with cady on top of he . the revolver drop from Sam 's hand into some grass near the water 's edge . the intertwined body throsh around in the shallow in the faint light from the window . alter angle as cady manage to get a grip on Sam and begin to force he body and head beneath the surface of the water , in exactly the same way that he drown kersek . same angle then , unexpectedly , Sam 's right hand suddenly emerge from the water , clutching a faire-size rock . he manage to bring up he right arm to bang the rock against cady 'ts skull . ' cady , momen - tarily stunne , fall back and Sam flounder onto the bank , and run towards the cabin , ext , bushes near cabin ~ night camera track quickly with Sam as he run through the bush to the cabin . Nancy be stand petrify on the porch step . SAM Nancy $ run -~ run and hide ! -- run ! -- but he can not see she . g : rae ed 211 - a 211-b 2li-c 211-d 212 213 215 216 # 1913 '' change 4/6/61 106 close shot - nancy Sam run into shot and camera travel with he as he seize Nancy and almost push she away into the safety of the undergrowth . SAM now Sam turn and sees : ext . river bank - night cady , with blood stream from a cut on he head , be wading up the bank . resume SAM as he dart into the cabin . resume cady as he come towards the cabin . int . shore cabin - night Sam pick up a heavy barbecue poker , and hurry out with it , jus as cady reach the porch step . ( X ) ext . shore cabin - night cady be come up the porch step as Sam run out . the two man launch themselves at each other . cady ( on the step ) , be catch off balance , and crash to the ground . but he have a hoid on Sam and bring he down too . the poker fly out of Sam 's grasp , cady roll aside and seize up the poker , camera follows SAM as he rise quickly , and then crouch low as he seek the shelter of the undergrowth , camera track back with cady as with poker half raise he move stealthily forward -- try to make out where Sam be hide . ary en ed 219 220 221 222 223 #1913 107 long shot - ground level the revolver lie on the ground in some tall grass near the water 's edge . in the background we can discern the figure of Sam crawl silently forward . close shot - SAM hide by the undergrowth . camera pan with he as he move silently forward -- towards the revolver .... cady camera track with cady as ( poker clutch in he hand ) , he stalk Sam . the angle be such that we be aware that cady have spot Sam - but that Sam himself be unaware of cady 's silent approach . just when it seem that cady be go to kill Sam -- Sam glimpsis the raise poker , and scramble to he foot . SAM dart aside through some tree . cady follow he . now cady suddenly jump to one side , and for a instant it look as though Sam be trap against the trunk of a tree . . cady ad - vance on he , and suddenly swing viciously with the poker . by a hair 's breadth Sam contrive to move aside . the poker whistle through the air and cut through the bark of the tree like matchwood , . SAM stumble through the long grass and brushwood and fling he - self down the gully . Hidden by undergrowth and tall grass , he edge himself down to the river bank -- and the revolver . close shot ~ cady breathe heavily , blood trickle down he face -- murder in he eye as he hunt he victim . SAM camera track with he as he make he way down the gully towards the water 's edge . he reach it and begin to search in the grass for the revolver , at last he see it -- a few foot away . he be just reach it , and have almost get he hand on it -- when suddenly he have to roll aside , almost simultaneously the poker crash through the air and cut into a log , splintering it . ed 22h ees , 225 226 a 227 228 229 230 one #1923 , 108 SAM conceal himself in the long grass . savagely , cady thrashes at the undergrowth . each blow make a dull and sicken thud . one savage stroke come near to hit sem -- and he have to move aside and give himself away . cady leap towards he , and Sam -- press against the far bank of the gully -- seem to be at he mercy . cady '' savour " this for a brief moment , then raise the poker for the " kill . " in the same instant there be a terrified scream peggy she hair drench , and she wet dress cling to she body -- have struggle ashore . though near complete exhaustion she move toward cady . this " interruption " give Sam the chance to roll aside -- and again cady go berserk -- thrashing at the ground , each and every stroke could be the death of Sam . in terror =-- not know what she be do -= Peggy run forward . cady be momentarily distract . SAM this give Sam the chance he have be wait for . ina last desperate gamble , he scramble forward towards the revolver . cady come after he . Sam grope for the gun -- and just as cady be about to hit he , Sam get the revolver and twist around and fire . cady be already deliver Sam 's " death blow " -- as he be hit by the bullet from the revolver , the poker spin from he hand , and cady reel aside clutching he shoulder . he look surprised and stunne . SAM in the same moment Sam be on he foot -~- revolver levell at cady . for a brief second both man be face to face -- then cady sink to he knee , slump forward . close shot ~ cady stare up at : close shot - SAM revolver point at cady 's head -- leok down at he . i frm , pore ed 231 232 233 234 235 # 1913 _ 109 SAM and cady the two man stare at each other . cady . go ahead ... I do not give a damn ... close shot - SAM revolver point down at cady 's head , he hesitates . there 's a long silence . then Sam make up he mind , SAM no ... no ... that would be let you off too easy -- too fast ... remember ? -- I do ... we be go to nurse you back to health . you be strong , cady ... you be go to live a long , long life -- in a cage <= that 's where you be go -- back to you cage =~ for life !.... bang you head against the wall -- fight yourself -- count the year , the month -~ count the minute -- until the day you rote .... dissolve to ext . landing - dawn a large sheriff 's boat be about tu leave the pier . in the bow -- strapped to a stretcher -- be cady . siever be there and another deputy . as the cruiser leave the pier camera pick up Sam and Peggy and Nancy sit in the stern , ext . cruiser - dawn Sam and Peggy , with blanket over they shoulder , be sit on the stern seat with Nancy , well - wrap , doze between then . a deputy come into angle , hand Peggy a paper cup of coffee . she glance down at Nancy , find she asleep , decide not to wake she up , extend the cup to Sam , both of they smile slight - ly that all of Nancy 's trouble be ' so soon forget . the deputy be pour another cup from a thermos jug . Peggy take ext , river ~ reverse angle - dawn the cruiser speed away from camera with the river wind away into the. distance . fade out atest , the end