capernaum ( chaos ) screenplay by nadine labaki Jihad hojeily Michelle keserwani 1. 2 . int . day - unsanitary police detention CENTER 1 . ina small unsanitary office , use as a police station , stand Zain , a skinny 12 - year - old boy , slightly hunchback , wear only he dirty underwear and look lose . the boy stand there with he mouth wide open while a 40 - year-old doctor examine he tooth like one examine a lab rat . doctor ( talking to zain ) tilt you head up . doctor ( talking to another man off camera ) he 's lose he baby tooth . I would say he 's at least 12 year old , maybe 13 . int . day - police station 2 . several arrest migrant worker from Sri Lanka , ethiopia , and Africa stand and look defeat . officer ( talking to the women ) Michelle , the philippina ? Michelle ? what 's you last name ? family name ? michelle sedad . officer sedad . do you have a passport ? residence permit ? michelle at my Madame 's house . officer lama bekoum . who 's lama ? lama , be you pregnant ? lama yes . officer how many month ? lama Seven month . officer okay , caritas will see you now . among the woman , a young ethiopian girl - tigest ( rahil ) - with short hair seem in shock more than other , but she try to control herself . she have a drip black mark on she cheek . officer who 's tigest ailo ? the ethiopian , tigest ailo ? officer ( talking to tigest ) be you tigest ? tigest yes . open credit 3 . a.int . day - prison for minor 3 . escort and handcuff by a guard , Zain be walk down the hallway . a chaotic atmosphere fill the hall . B. int . day - courthouse corridor . a handcuff man escort by two guard be go downstairs . 4 , int . day - detention cell for undocumented foreigners . 4 . several detain woman from different nationality be wait . among they , be rahil ; she stand up and follow a guard who handcuffs she . 5 . int . day - public transportation bus 5 . few young child asleep in the bus . a middle - age couple , poorly dress be sit in the bus among other passenger . they be both lose in they thought , silent and worried . 6 . ext . day - in front of the courthouse 6 . a few journalist from the local press be busy adjust they camera and report in front of the stair of the ministry of justice . 7 . int . day -hallway in the back of the court 7 . each escort by a guard , rahil and Zain be wait in front of the back entrance of the courthouse . Zain keep he head down while try to avoid rahil 's heavy gaze . 8 . int.day -courtroom 8. a chaotic atmosphere fill the room . Zain follow nadine , he lawyer . nadine be dress in she attorney attire and hold a bag . she sit next to he . nadine stare at Zain 's parent , while rahil look sad and lose in she thought . the judge ( address the people in the room ) Court 's in session . the judge ( addressing zain ) Zain El hajj . the judge ( addressing the guard ) uncuff he and let he approach the bench . Zain stand up to get closer to the bar . the guard uncuff he . the judge souad and selim Al hajj . souad yes . souad and selim stand up and get closer . the judge the plaintiff be in custody . he be present and uncuffed . show I you hand . also present ... his attorney , nadine Al aalam . also present , the defendant ... selim and souad Al hajj , and they attorney , saiid tamer . do you know why you be here , souad ? souad I know why I be here , you honor . the judge why ? souad I know that my son be serve time in prison , but not why he 's drag we back here . selim we be floor mat , anyone can sue we ! the judge you be a witness in Zain 's previous trial , right ? selim yes the judge do you testify ? selim yes the judge and now you be the accuse . do you know what Zain be convict of ? souad Zain do something childish and be put in jail for it . the judge childish ? he be sentence to five year ! he commit a crime . childish ? anyway ... how old be you , Zain ? zain I do not know ? ask they . souad put she head down and avoid look at the lawyer . nadine step closer to the judge and present the forensic doctor 's medical certificate . nadine ( present the report ) you honor , Zain have no birth certificate , and have never be register with the state . and he parent apparently do not know he exact date of birth ... here 's the medical examiner 's report that state that Zain be approximately 12 year old at the time of the incident . the judge ( while looking at the report ) so he 's 12 year old ? nadine correct . the judge where do you live , Zain ? zain roumieh prison for juvenile . the judge arrested on June 15 , you be serve you sentence . do you know why ? zain ( with bitterness ) because | stab a sonofabitch . the judge you stab someone ? zain yes , a sonofabitch . the judge really ? you be insist ? people in the courtroom start laugh . the judge no laugh in court ! what 's all this fuss you have cause ? on tv and the media , you phone call from prison ? know why you be here ? zain ( with bitterness ) yes . the judge why ? zain I want to sue my parent . the judge why do you want to sue you parent ? zain ( with sad look in he eye ) because I be bear . 9 . int.day - pharmacy 9 . Zain go to the neighborhood pharmacy . zain hello . pharmacist good morning . zain I want two pack of tramadol . pharmacist you need a prescription . Zain give the pharmacist the wrinkle prescription pharmacist who 's this medicine for ? zain my mother pharmacist why do not she come herself ? zain she have a stomach operation . Zain run to another pharmacy and ask for tramal while give another excuse . zain she break she back . second pharmacist her doctor write this ? zain yes . second pharmacist could not you father come instead ? zain he 's paralyze . 10 . int. day - zain 's home 10 . Zain 's little sister , a one year old girl have she leg chain . meanwhile , Zain and he other sister empty the box of tramal drug in a basin full of water . his mother souad mince the tramal . sahar stir the water . Zain put soak clothes in the basin . Close by , the toddler start to play with the empty box . 11 . ext.day -balcony 11 . Laundry hang , drying in the wind . 12 . int.day - zain 's home 12 . souad put make up and get ready to leave the house . a cry child be hear in the background . while souad and Zain be pack thing up , she hit he . 13 . int. day - public transportation bus 13 . souad poorly dress , sit in the back of a crowded bus and smoke a cigarette . her one year old little girl be sit on she lap , while Zain be stand next to they and look at he mother . 14 . ext . day - prison entrance 14 . Zain and souad , short of breath , be walk , among several other woman , carry heavy bag and head to the prison entrance . Zain look exhaust . officer who be you here to see ? souad my son . officer his name ? souad Ibrahim E ] hajj . officer Ibrahim E ] hajj ? souad yes . 15 . ext . day - prison courtyard 15 . we see laundry hang through the steel bar of several window . they be hang on a crack facade of a old building . a man call souad from one of the prison window . souad look up to spot the guy . she be hold she daughter in a hand and bag in another . Zain look up and smile at he cousin . man aunt souad ? over here ! souad who 's that ? Massoud ? howare you ? massoud how be you , my darling ? souad be not my son Ibrahim with you ? massoud no , they take he to another cell ! the one year old make babbling sound . souad she 's try to talk to you ! Wave he goodbye . Wave . Zain , wave to you cousin . Zain wave at he cousin , who wave back at he . souad be all you brother with you ? massoud yes , everyone ! souad ( with a smile ) God bless you . 16 . int .day - prison security check 16 . the officer empty the bag and carefully check the clothes . souad look worried . another officer be check whether Zain be hide anything illegal . 17 . int. day - prison parlor 17 . souad and Zain pass by a long line of visitor , talk on the phone . they combine voice create a loud noise in the corridor . souad lay down she baby girl and smoke a cigarette , while Zain be stand next to she . on the other side of the glass window where the inmate sit , a young man hold the telephone and speak to souad . ibrahim ( over the telephone ) Mom , we raise the price to $ 15 a shot now . we hand be mess up from wring out the clothes . souad ( speak on the phone to her son ) so now we special juice be worth more than a kilo of meat ! souad ( with pride ) good for you ! 18 . Chaos fill the hall . the mother be still talk to she son but we can not hear the conversation anymore . the little girl be play with a toy , while Zain , who seem sad , be lose in he thought . ext.day -in front of assad 's market 18 . in the mid-day heat , Zain be struggle to unload heavy gallon froma little truck . a young man in he twenty , Assad appear behind he . assad hurry up ! let 's go . while Zain carry box , a small van pass by . the kid 's backpack be tie outside of the van onto the bumper and the side mirror . the van stop , not far from Zain . a young lady get down make way for the child to exit . the lady get in the van again while look disappointed at Zain . student do we have a test tomorrow ? the young lady check you notebook . Zain put two gallon of water in a old stroller . he be get ready to leave the market when Assad hand he two carton of cigarettes . assad this be for you mother ... and this be for my beautiful sahar . I miss she . in another bag , Assad put ramen noodle and liquorice . zain thank you . assad take care . Zain leave carry all the bag . 19 . ext . afternoon -the neighborhood 19 . on he way , he angrily throw the bag of snack in a carton box on the street and head home . a confuse man be see check what Zain throw . Zain cross a cramme street in he poor neighborhood , fill with old building and lower- class people . 20 . int . afternoon - zain 's decrepit build 20 . Zain get inside the building , while a young girl be stand outside . Zain climb the dark and dirty stair of a old building with crack wall . dirty water be drip down the step , and he can hear a child 's loud scream as he walk up the stairway . 21 . int . afternoon - zain 's home 21 . souad be cursing and mop the floor fill with water . souad assaad 's father , that asshole . every time he fill the water tank , we drow because of he rotten pipe ! that bastard think we owe he for let we live here for free . ayoung girl be hold a broom , while two older one be help they mother get rid of the water fill up the house . the door be open . Zain knock on a door use he head . he be hold the grocery bag with he hand . zain sahar ! souad ( angrily ) this be not a house , it 's a pigsty ! to hell with you all . sahar open the door and help she brother with the water gallon . souad ( shout at her daughter ) get out of here . you will all be electrocute ! out ! this house be a curse ! in the corner of the room , selim , Zain 's father be sit on a chair while he wife be cursing and two of they daughter be sit on a wretch and dirty couch . selim ( replying to souad ) so go live on the street , there 's plenty of room ! Zain 's little sister be loudly cry . her foot be chain . souad ( shout at zain ) Zain , why be the vegetable rotten ? do you upset assaad ? Zain stand up and unty he little sister 's foot . he hold she and take she to another room . she stop cry . sahar Zain , do he give you liquorice and ramen for I ? 22 . ext . night - neighborhood top view 22 . top view show old , poor , unorganized neighborhood and crack building . 23 . int . night - zain 's home 23 . a curtainless window be cover with a bed sheet . a old teddy bear be on a chair ina dark room . behind the curtain we hear the parent have sex . Zain and he little sister be still awake with they eye wide open . Zain switch to the other side and signal he sister not to speak . 24 . int . day - zain 's home 24 . in the other room , Zain 's six sister and brother be help they mother squeeze the juice . little sister wake up , Zain ! zain it 's dawn . leave I the fuck alone ! little sister wake up , you donkey ! when he wake up , Zain discover a bloodstain on the mattress next to he . he smell it then check whether he injure he arm . he become worried and lose in think . 25 . ext.day -street 25 . Zain and he sister be head to the sidewalk hold pail and bucket . he be also hold a rectangular piece of wood . 26 . ext.day -sidewalk 26 . ina crowded street of this neighborhood , Zain squeeze lemon in the cup fill with carrot vegetable line up in front of he , while he little sister eat a mankoushe . he sit on the sidewalk next to one of he sister , while another one be hear cry . zain ( singing to promote the juice ) juice of all juice , for multiple use ! a boy busy one cup . sahar be hold she youngest sister . the two other sister , be sell cup of juice , while Zain be sit and lose in he thought . zain ( to sahar ) come here , sahar . what 's this blood on you short ? sahar ( looking at her short ) what blood ? 27 . ext.day -street 27 . Zain drag he sister sahar to a public restroom . zain hurry up . someone might see we . 28 . int.day - public restroom 28 . in the dirty , break down public restroom , Zain be scrubbing he sister 's underwear over the sink . sahar be sit on the toilet seat . zain remember what happen to you friend , Alia ? her mother lock she in the house until some pig come and take she away . for Mom find out , she will get rid of you . she will give you to Assad . sahar but assaad 's really nice . zain he 's a fart ! sahar ( naive ) but he give I ramen and liquorice for free . zain he will give you shit to eat ! they will give you to assaad to get rid of you . we will never see you again . he will lock you up in aroom full of rat , and cover the window . you will never go outside . every three day , he will give you a drop of water and expire ramen . do not you see he ear ? a sewer rat bit he . sahar look scared . Zain try drying he sister 's underwear . zain here , put this on . he take off he t-shirt , fold it and put it in he sister 's panty . zain be you do ? sahar yeah . zain here . sahar what do I do with this ? zain put it here , in you panty . 29 . int . day - assad 's market 29 . Assad be work in he store . in the back of the grocery store , Zain hide a box of sanitary napkin under he t-shirt and pants while he sister be outside talk to Assad . assad ( off camera ) you hair 's so beautiful ! who do it ? hamada ? can I see ? you do , chief ? sahar be eat ramen noodle in front of Assad 's market . Assad be stand in front of she smoking a cigarette . zain still have to stack the pepsis . Mom 's wait for sahar . assad stay a bit . I be enjoy you sister . zain I will bring she back . assad I will talk to you mom . bye . 30 . ext . day - rooftop 30 . Zain and sahar be sit next to each other 's . Zain be drum on a old trash bin . his sister be hold he tight and rest she head on she brother 's shoulder . they start sing . a flock of bird pass . sahar 's short be drying under the sunlight . building and balcony around they be in a very poor state . on a rooftop we see a young girl carry a gallon . on a balcony , a group of child play with papers . Zain and sahar be hold a conversation . they stand up and stare into space . 31 . ext.day - the STREET 31 . sahar and Zain be walk together . sahar be eat ramen noodle . zain careful . do not just throw the pad anywhere , I will show you where to hide they . I will show you ? get it ? sahar yeah . we see Zain and sahar go down the street . sahar be walk uncomfortably . she be scratch she backside because she short be still wet . 32 . ext. evening-sidewalk 32 . in a crowded street of this neighborhood , several plastic cup be fill with a vegetable juice color like beet and line up in front of Zain who sing funny Arabic rhyme promote the juice that they be sell . next to he , he little sister be sell juice to people walk by as well . zain beetroot juice , better than booze ! tomato juice , make you loose ! that 's 250 . the little sister ( smiling at customer ) thank you , bye ! next to they , sahar be sell gum to the car . sahar here you go . God bless you . zain here , take two . 33 . ext . night-sidewalk 33 . it be get darker . Zain and he sister be still sit on the sidewalk . sahar , who seem scared , be sit alone in a corner . a man approach she . with a sad look in he eye , Zain be sit on a rope and watch he sister . sahar ( addressing the man ) what do you want ? man I wanna show you something . sahar leave I alone . man come on , just for a bit ! sahar get out of my face , creep . 34 . ext . night-street 34 . Zain hit a older teenager in the street . his sister be behind he eat ramen noodle . Little kid be watch the scene . man ( background ) Drop it , Zain . zain do not fuck with I , asshole ! Zain grab sahar 's arm and head home . 35 . int . night - zain 's home 35 . Zain 's family be have dinner . they be eat a little meal by candlelight . sahar be eat bread . souad bring food to the table . selim what do you want to go to school for ? forget it . keep work at assaad 's . souad why be you complicate thing ? let he go and learn a word or two . go sit next to you sister , but do not wake she up . let he go to school . they will give we some food and clothes . selim and what do we tell Assad ? zain assaad ? I will talk to he . I will go to school in the morning , and work for he in the afternoon . souad have not you see Zahra 's son , farid ? he come back from school load with stuff . we will get mattress , clothes for the kid ... selim shut up ! souad at least he will eat there and bring food for he sister . leftover from the fanciest hotel and wedding . it will be good for all of we ! why be you be so stubborn ? selim God willing , we will see on Monday . souad God willing ? selim want I to swear on the bread ? I say ok . what if assaad get upset and kick we out ? souad do not worry , he 's not gonna get upset . Zain can still go work for assaad after school . 36 . ext . dawn -aerial view neighborhood 36 . Sun be rise , crack and old building be see . 37 . int.day-restroom 37 . in the small break down bathroom Zain , topless , be hold a small water bucket and wash up . soap get in he eye while wash he face . zain God damn soap ! 38 . ext. day -in front of assad 's market 38 . Assad smoke a cigarette and look at Zain , who sit on the sidewalk and eat nut . he seem in a bad mood . assad ( to zain in a annoyed tone ) what 's you problem ? chill . take a gas tank over to emm habib down the street . Zain be mock Assad behind he back . 39 . ext.day -street 39 . Zain take a gas tank and struggle to drag it down the street . he make way for the same school van to pass . street be full of graffiti and people . 40 . ext . night-street 40 . Zain deliver another gas tank and struggle to drag it down the street . noise can be hear loud and clear . the street look busy . 41 . int . night - bahia 's SMALL snack 41 . Zain struggle to take the gas tank inside the small snack . he fix it . bahia be a veile woman . zain Mrs. bahia , I be do . bahia 42 . 43 . 44 , 45 . 46 . how much ? zain 13,000 . ext . rainy day -street 42 . Zain be walk with a stroller fill with grocery bag to deliver under heavy rain . he be only wear a t-shirt and red pants . he be thirsty . he open he mouth to drink the rain water . he reach a old building and get inside . int . day - old build 43 . in front of a old house door , stand a veile woman who rush to help Zain with the heavy grocery bag . the hall seem chaotic , with clothes and chair hang around . int . day - another old build 44 . Zain be deliver more grocery bag . this time , to a man in he 20 , who be smoking a cigarette . the man look high . he try to invite Zain over and hold he head to try to kiss he . Zain remove the man 's head off he . zain get you fuck hand off I ! ext . evening-street 45 . Zain be hold bag and look around he . many people be walk around . we can hear motorcycle noise . int . day - stair of zain 's build 46 . the stairway be very chaotic and dirty . there be chicken cluck . he continue to go up till he see one of he little sister hold one chicken . zain where do this chicken come from ? who bring they ? little sister assaad . he 's upstairs . zain assaad 's upstairs ? little sister yes . 47 . int.day - zain 's home 47 . when he arrive to he doorway , he see he other brother and sister play with the chicken . he rush and go up and get in a dark room . he look through the half - open door to see Assad and abou Assad ( Assad 's father ) sit on the couch . one of he young sister be sit on selim 's knee . he open the door slightly more to see he sister sahar , who 's wear a sequin dress and vulgar makeup , sit next to Assad , who 's wear a shirt . 48 . int.day -kitchen 48 . angry Zain enter the kitchen to see he mother prepare juice . zain ( angrily ) what 's assaad do here ? souad ( whispering ) calm down . he 's discuss the rent with you father . zain I would bet my arm you be trading this chicken for sahar . souad listen to I , wait ... zain ( talking about assad ) tell that sonofabitch he have no business here . souad ( grab zain 's arm ) understand what I be say ? zain go tell he or I will . souad keep you voice down . I swear on you sister , | swear to God ... it 's nothing , it 's all in you head . zain so why 's sahar wear makeup ? souad she 's imitate I for fun . one of he sister be listen to the conversation from behind . zain when they finish they juice , I be kick they out . souad ( hold he face ) listen , do not make I crazy , get it ? zain ( while he mother kick he ) go tell he it 's not happen . tell he or else I will . souad ( kick zain to the sleeping space ) I do not want to hear a word . want they to kick we out ? shut up ! 49 . int. day - live room 49 . souad be hold the juice cup and come inside to serve Assad and he father . Zain quickly run and try to eavesdrop to hear the discussion . souad welcome , dear neighbor ! abou Assad , please serve yourself . abou assad thank you . souad ( to assad ) here you go , assaad . souad ( to sahar ) take you sister and go inside , dear . sahar carry she little sister and leave the room . 50 . ext. day - behind the curtain , sleeping space 50 . sahar come in with she little sister . Zain look at she angrily and remove the lipstick off she face with he hand . zain take that disgusting lipstick off you face . you look like a witch in that dress . sahar look at she brother with a sad look in she eye . through a thin gap in the curtain , Zain try to hear the rest of the discussion . he look very sad . 51 . int. day - live room 51 . souad be listen to the conversation and nodd while she be lose in she thought . 52 . int. day - live room 52 . the visitor leave the house . souad be smoking a cigarette . she be rest she head on she hand . she look very sad and worried . selim be look down . silence be prevaile . they be clearly think what they have do . a sequence of city shot 53 . int . day -sleeping space 53 . Zain be lie down in bed . he be thoughtful and sad . 54 . ext . evening -building view 54 . a evening shot of a few building show the misery and poor environment . all the timeworn building have several water tank on top of they . the wall look crack . 55 . int . night-sleeping space 55 . lying down next to sahar and between he brother and sister , Zain be unable to sleep , and be deeply pensive . 56 . ext . night-random house 56 . veile woman hang laundry on the balcony . 57 . ext . night -other random house 57 . man sit on a old terrace with a goofy young girl with a yellow dress dance . 58 . ext. dawn-street 58 . a upper shot of a empty street show car and a hang cross . 59 . ext . morning -building 59 . another shot , of a few building show the misery and poor environment . all the timeworn building have several cable dish on top of they . the wall look crack . the sun be shine . 60 . ext.day -building 60 . a shot of building , a electricity column , and a tower . bird be hang on the electricity column . 61 . int.day - zain 's home 61 . Zain sit on the ground with tear fill he eye . he be deeply think . 62 . int.day -sleeping space 62 . Old dirty slipper and shoe be scattered on the ground next to the sleep mattress , where one of Zain 's sister be sleep . another two be sleep and hugging each other 's . 63 , 64 . 65 . . int. day - live room 63 . selim asleep on a couch with a whiskey glass and a burn cigarette be leave on the table by he side . int.day -sleeping space 64 . a little girl be eat powder milk directly from the box with a spoon . around she lie more scattered shoe . Zain get closer to she and signal she to stay quiet and not to make any noise so that no one wake up . he hold a garbage bag . he remove he slipper . all he other sister be cramme and asleep . he climb carefully so he do not wake they up , and open a drawer and take some of sahar 's old underwear and put they in the bag . he go to another drawer and take clothes . he find a white dress between they . he keep it inside . Zain come closer to sahar . zain ( whispering in sahar 's ear ) sahar ... sahar ! wake up , we be go somewhere . sahar ( try to wake up ) where ? zain I will tell you later . be ready when I come back . do not tell anyone . he pick the pile of clothes and put the in the blue garbage bag . he take a glimpse at she then go . int .day -living room 65 . he take a few thousand lira from he father 's wallet and take the bag and leave . 66 . int.day-market 66 . in the back of the market , Zain discreetly pick up some can food , little bit of bread , sanitary napkin , and put they in the same garbage bag . on he way out , he drop the actual garbage bag and keep the one that contain clothes and food with he and leave . 67 . ext.day - bus station 83 . in the noontime heat , carry he bag , Zain run to one of the park buss at a bus station . zain ( to the driver ) how much to get to cola Area ? driver 1,000 . zain if I put my sister in my lap , can you take we for 1,000 ? driver where 's you sister ? zain at home , I will go get she now . driver no problem , go and get she . Zain run back home . 68 . int . day -stayr of zain 's build 68 . Zain run up the stair quickly . he hear scream and shouting . sahar ( begging and crying ) please , do not make I go ! I do not want to , I beg you ! please do not make I go ! souad ( scream at her ) if you come back , I will beat the crap out of you . Zain run into souad who be hurry down the stair push sahar and carry she girl 's belonging by one hand , and in the other hand hold one of she toddler . zain ( shout at he mother ) where be you take she , you bastard ? you be send she to be that asshole 's may ? sahar ( she run and hide behind he ) I want to stay with my brother . souad it 's none of you business . zain she 's just a kid , Mom ! souad ( while hitting zain ) mind you own business . get out of the way ! butt out . go down ! one more move and I will kill you . I know what you have be hide . you be about to get we into deep shit . souad rush down and hit Zain again . Zain then follow they back down and hold he sister 's hand . they be fight on the stairway . zain you want she to wipe that pig 's ass ! souad fuck off ! get out of my face ! go down ! let go of she ! zain she 's not go to assaad ! Zain take sahar and run back to the house and close the door . his mother follow they , open the door , and drag sahar by she hand . souad you little bastard ! open the door , you little shit ! sahar I do not want to go , Mom ! I do not want to go ! leave I alone ! I be begging you , Mom ! do not make I go ! souad put she toddler down , hit Zain and shout at he . souad sahar , come right now ! enough ! stop it , get the hell down ! sahar I want to stay , I beg you . souad get downstairs ! downstair ! get downstairs ! sahar Mom , I beg you , please ! souad Little bastard . Zain , on the ground , be in pain . he stand up and keep on try to stop he mother from send she to Assad . selim show up and start cursing and shouting . selim damn you all ! he grab sahar and carry she on he back . sahar ( crying ) I do not want to go , Mom ! selim enough ! enough of this hell ! 69 . ext . day - in front of zain 's build 69 . selim grab he daughter and get on he mope . souad put sahar and she belonging behind he while he get ready to leave . kid around they be cry . selim put she on ! one more word and I will cut you tongue out ! Zain try to stop the mope , while he mother be hit he and shouting . sahar ( hitting her father ) no ! Zain run after they , while he mother be stand and look at they from behind . zain ( scream ) sahar ! sahar ! souad let she go ! Zain have tear in he eye and a lump in he throat . a few neighbor step out to observe the scene from afar without reaction . zain ( with tear in he eye ) be you happy now ? Zain try to break a wooden door . his mother start shouting at he and hit he . souad acting like a man now ? I will show you , you little piece of crap ! he run away so she start to follow he and shout . she grab a slipper and throw it at he . 70 . ext.day - on the street 70 . Zain be run on the street enraged , with tear in he eye . back to the court 71 . int.day -courtroom 71 . selim ( with tear in he eye ) to get she out of she misery . she 's dead with we , you honor . she barely have a bed to sleep in . she hardly eat or drink , barely shower ... never watch tv . I think , " marry she off . at least she will have a bed . " a real bed . with a blanket . she will eat . the judge you do not expect it would lead to this ? selim ( crying ; zain look at he , sad ) no , never ! I never mean for this to happen . think I be happy my son stab someone ? ever think that maybe all this be not we fault ? I be bear and raise this way . why blame I ? if I have the choice , I would be a better man than all of you ! defense lawyer you can not speak this way . selim if you please ... when I walk outside , I will be cover with spit . people think I be a animal . I never intend any of this . I be tell : " without child , you be not a man . " " you child will be you backbone . " but they break my back , break my heart and humiliate I . I curse the day I get marry . why do I get myself into this ? 72 . int.day -bus 72 . Shots of the sky and cloud take from inside . lose in he thought , Zain sit in the bus with a sad look in he eye . the bus stop and we can see a old man wear a fake spider - man costume . the man ( harout ) , hold a cigarette in he hand and sit by Zain 's side . Zain look at he . he 's surprised to see he there . Zain look at he fora long time . harout I be not he , dear . I just look like he . zain ( still surprised ) yeah , but there should bea spider there , not a cockroach . right ? harout ( smoking ) I do not need a spider . I be cockroach - man . what would I need a spider for ? that 's right . I be cockroach - man . zain ( looking outside the window ) so how be you related to spiderman ? harout how be we related ? I be he cousin . zain so you be he cousin ? harout that 's right , I be he cousin . what 's you name ? zain Zain . harout Hussein ? zain Zain ! harout Zain ! where be you go , Zain ? zain to my grandma's . harout speak up . zain to my grandma 's ! harout to you grandma 's ? she 's lucky to have you . nobody really care about I . my life be ... bus driver ( to harout ) please , sir , you cigarette ! harout ( to the driver ) please . slow down , sir . I would like to get off here , please . Zain sneak on harout 's destination . he see he enter a amusement zain wait , wait . stop , sir . I would like to get off here , too . 73 . ext. day -in front of a old amusement park 73 . a woman ( daad ) be sell corn on she stand and shouting phrase to promote she corn and attract client . daad corn on the cob , God 's favorite crop ! 74 . ext.day - a old amusement park 74 . Zain be search for harout around the park . Music be play in the background . zain Mr. cockroach - man ? Zain be still look around ; he be observe the amusement park ride while drag he plastic bag behind he . he stop by one of the ride . 75 . ext . day - on a ferris wheel ride 75 . Zain be sit on a seat of the ferris wheel ride that rise above the floor . his eye be fill with tear . we see shot of the sunrise take from above . on the ground , harout be smoking a cigarette and look up . 76 . ext . night -ferris wheel 76 . we see a shot of a ferris wheel at night with colorful light go on and off . 77 . ext. day -ferris wheel 77 . we see a shot of the ferris wheel in the morning . 78 . ext.day - amusement park 78 . Zain be sleep on a plastic bag on the floor under one of the ride 's seat , with ramen noodle pack in he hand . when awake , he eat the remain of the noodle , and then throw the empty packet on the ground . then , he lie in one of the ride 's seat , barefoot , face a huge woman statue decorate and attach in the middle of the game . 79 . ext.day - amusement park 79 . Zain unbutton the woman 's shirt ( the statue ) and expose she breast , and then step back to observe it . 80 . int. day -restaurant window 80 . rahil watch Zain from the window she be clean , and start laugh . she have a hairnet and clean glove on . 81 . int.day-restaurant 81. Zain , who be hold he plastic bag , get inside . he see rahil , who be sweeping the floor . zain be the owner here ? rahil what ? zain be the owner here ? rahil ( smiling ) what do you want from he ? 82 . int. day -restaurant table 82 . Zain be eat a sandwich and drink tea . in front of he sit rahil , who give he the food . zain I want to ask he for a job . rahil ( worried ) what kind of job ? zain ( sad ) anything , really . I just need work . rahil what 's you name ? zain Zain . rahil Zain ? zain what 's yours ? rahil I be tigest . 83 . ext. day -in front of bakery 83 . zain ( using hand to explain ) I could mop the floor , do the dish ... baker I really do not know ... 84 , ext . day - in front of snack 84 , desperate Zain be drag he plastic bag and roam the street look for a job . he stop by a snack . the employee offer he food but Zain refuse . zain do you have any work for I ? 85 . ext.day - on the STREET 85 . zain ( to a fisherman ) do you need someone to help you hold you fishing rod ? fisherman where be you parent ? you parent ? Zain do not reply . he look the other way . 86 . ext . evenning -in front of a snack 86 . several customer be stand and wait for they order . zain Sir , do you have a juice or something for 250 ? something for 250 ? worker juice cost 1,000 . zain have anything cheaper ? worker no . Zain stand there and stare at the food . customer ( offeringi zain a sandwich ) take it ... take it . go ahead , come on , just take it . 87 . ext . evening - amusement park 87 . Zain head back to the amusement park . he stare at the naked statue swinging around , with seat full of scream kid . his eye be bloodshot from fatigue and lack of sleep . rahil be look at he from above , while sweeping the floor . then they exchange look . 88 . int . night - amusement parka restroom 88 . rahil work as a woman 's bathroom may , she sit next to the sink . when a woman enter the bathroom , she stand up . rahil it 's occupy , mar 'am . woman it 's occupy ? rahil yes , and this one 's out of service . rahil be wait for the woman to wash she hand . she hold tissue . we can see a box for tip , and a basket fill with candy . a loud noise come out of one of the ride outside . we hear babbling come from the stall that she say be not work . she climb on the chair to check behind the door . 89 90 . 91 . 92 . 93. 94 , 95 . . int . night - bathroom stall 89 . on top of the toilet seat , inside a basket use as a little bed , enclose with two chair , yonas , rahil 's child be sleep . ext . night -amusement park women wc 90 . rahil close the wc door and disappear inside . not . night - amusement parka restroom 91 . rahil make sure the door be close so that no one can get inside by fix it with a floor mop . nt. night -bathroom stall 92 . she breastfeed she son . when yonas look at she and smile , she kiss he on he cheek . not . night - amusement parka restroom 93. rahil be see leave the stall while she son be cover . she put he ina trolley and struggle to cover it with she son 's movement , then leave . ext . night - amusement park stairway 94 . she carry the trolley and go upstairs to leave the park . ext . night-sidewalk 95 . look anxious , rahil walk down the sidewalk and drag a trolley behind she while carry plastic bag . Zain follow she . she hear Zain 's voice from behind . zain tigest ? tigest ? do you have any food ? please . rahil look at Zain from head to toe . then she think whether she should take he home with she or not . 96 . int . day -rahil 's bathroom 96 . on a old bathroom floor , rahil give yonas and Zain a shower . after shower , Zain be cover in a towel , while she dry she son with another one . Zain be scan the house . 97 . int . night-rahil 's home 97 . Zain be wear a jacket have dinner quietly . rahil sit in front of he while yonas sit on she knee . he babbles . rahil Zain . rahil kiss yonas , who put he hand inside she t-shirt because he be use to she breastfeed he . 98 . int . night-rahil 's home 98 . in the dark , rahil take out some cash from one of the copper bar of she bed . she count the money use she cell phone 's light . she seem thoughtful . further down the room , with he eye half open , Zain observe she without she know . 99 , ext.day -street 99 . a shot of a old man be sip coffee on a table in a small , unorganized store . 100 . ext.day - poor neighborhood 100 . a shot of two veile woman carry heavy object on they back and walk in a extremely poor neighborhood . the house be make of plastic , aluminum , and wooden piece , with no basis . they seem ina very bad condition . two kid be play around . 101 . int . day -rahil 's bathroom 101 . on top of the sink , there be a bottle full of milk . we see rahil with she back turn and breast pump a second bottle of milk . 102 . int . day -rahil 's home 102 . annoy Zain be sit on the couch , while yonas be hear babbling and play in a inflatable pool . Zain turn one of the toy that emit sound and light on to distract yonas who directly start move he hand and dance . 103 . int . day -rahil 's bathroom 103 . rahil pretend to be get ready . she observe Zain from the corner of she eye through the gap of the bathroom door that she keep slightly open . Zain seem to be very comfortable with yonas . she grab the bottle and leave the bathroom . 104 . int . day -rahil 's home 104 . rahil ( while carrying yonas ) Zain , the milk 's here . give he the first bottle at 11 ( she show he number eleven on the clock ) , and the other one at 2 ( show he the number two ) ... I will be back at 3 . 105 . int.day -bathroom 105 . rahil be get ready in front of the mirror . use she black kohl , she draw a beauty mark on she cheek . next to she be a id with the picture of a woman with the same visible beauty mark on she face . 106 . int.day -rahil 's home 106 . she burn some incense , take she son from Zain 's arm , kiss he and place he in the inflatable pool . she whisper some tender word in ethiopian ask he to be a good boy and not to give Zain a hard time . rahil ( carry yonas and close window ) do not leave the house , ok ? please do not let yonas cry a lot . we neighbor 's a pain . rahil ( speak ethiopian to her crying son ) stay with you friend . I will be back , yoni . this be you new friend now , okay ? Zain be you new friend . rahil ( swinging yonas in her arm ) be you sleepy ? she breastfeed she son one last time before she leave . Zain look the other way . we hear she neighbor 's loud shouting outside . rahil observe Zain without he know . 107 . int . day -rahil 's home 107 . yonas be sobbing . Zain grab some biscuit and put they ina plastic plate for yonas and keep some for himself . then , he open the window and look outside , while yonas eat the biscuit . later on , Zain feed yonas the milk . 108 . int.day -restaurant kitchen 108 . rahil be energetically clean the plate . she chat with she ethiopian colleague about she work permit . colleague ( speak ethiopian ) tell he you do not have that kind of money . rahil ( speak ethiopian ) I do , but he say no less than $ 1,500 . I have to get a new one soon , mine be about to expire . colleague ( speak ethiopian ) do it right away , you will be in real trouble without a permit . a lot of girl be get arrest now , sometimes in the middle of the night . 109 . int . night-rahil 's home 109 . Zain , wear dishwash glove try to change yonas 's diaper with a disgust look on he face . yonas be not sit still ; he be move around and stand up . zain you smell like shit , you little shit . stop ! sit down . sit down ! yonas be sobbing , so Zain turn the toy on . the child start dance . zain ( because yonas be moving around ) it slip . ( refer to the diaper ) Zain be drum on the back of a cooker to entertain yonas , who start imitate he . zain ( singing to yonas and swinging he ) go to sleep , go to sleep ... come on , sleep . Zain fall asleep inside the inflatable pool , while yonas stay up . 110 . int.day -restaurant kitchen 110 . at the end of she shift , rahil finish wash the last dish . she look around to see if someone be look at she . she take a box of a cake , and hide it in a empty garbage bag . 111 . in front of amusement park 111 . rahil pass in front of the entrance of the amusement park . when rahil wave daad goodbye , she invite she over corn . daad have some corn , darling ! harout be be animated as usual . he have a cigarette hang out of he mouth . he try to attract people pass by . rahil bye , harout . harout come on in , everybody ! welcome ! daad it 's sizzling hot ! sizzle ! 112 . int . afternoon -bus 112 . rahil be sit at the back of the bus with the cake on she lap . she take out a tissue from she pocket where she have save a use candle . she stick it on top of the cake while smile . 113 . ext. late afternoon-street 113 . rahil be walk home in a dirty and busy street . 114 . ext . late afternoon -neighborhood 114 . rahil be walk through a narrow poor neighborhood . 115 . int . late afternoon -rahil 's home 115 . she arrive home to find she son and Zain both asleep in the inflatable pool . 116 . int . late afternoon -rahil 's home 116 . in the dark , rahil be sit in front of the cake with the burn candle that light up Zain 's face , who 's show neither a happy , nor sad expression . rahil ( addressing yonas ) blow , blow . rahil ( addressing zain ) blow it out , Zain . rahil clap she hand for Zain , who smile at she . yonas imitate rahil and clap with she , so they both smile and she kiss she son . his face be glow the candlelight . Zain eat a piece of cake . rahil ( yonas sleeping on her chest ) how old be you , Zain ? zain I do not know , maybe 12 . rahil how many brother and sister do you have ? zain ( sarcastic ) alot . rahil do not you miss they ? zain I do . I miss my sister sahar the most . rahil where 's you sister now ? zain with she husband . rahil really ? zain we bring a drum and tambourine , and have a big wedding on the street . they throw rice and rose from balcony . rahil sound great . back to the court 117 . int.day -courtroom 117 . rahil rahil eresa . the judge you family name ? shifaraw . rai th hil E judge do you know why you be in custody ? why you be handcuff ? rai hil because | do not have a permit . th E judge you do not have a residency permit ? where be you work ? rai hil I work for a madame for six year . th E judge and then you leave ? be not she good to you ? do she hit you ? rai no , she be good expect , so I leave ... th you be what ? rai I be expect a th hil to I , but I fall in love with someone ... 1 be E judge hil baby , so I leave . E judge expecting ? you speak Arabic well . understand everything I be say ? yes , I understand . rai th hil E judge sono need fora translator ? no need . rai th hil E judge you leave so she would not find out ? rai hil I be afraid the police would take my son away and deport I . that 's why I do not tell anyone . the judge so you would leave yonas with Zain when you go to work . be he take good care of you baby ? never think he might harm he ? rahil I be a little scared the first couple of day , but then I start to really trust he . the judge you never expect Zain could do what he do ? rahil never . they be like brother . but I do not blame Zain , because I know what aspro be like . the judge who be this aspro ? rahil the man who forge my permit . 118 . ext.day -sunday flea market 118 . rahil be walk through the narrow alley of the souk where several kiosk be sell a little bit of everything ... counterfeit merchandise , electronics , watch , and cheap kinky underwear . the people attend this market be the lower class foreign worker include poorly dress immigrant construction worker . 119 . ext. day -in front of a cell phone accessories store 119 . rahil approach a kiosk that sell accessory and gadget . behind the counter aspro , a forty - year - old man , who have one blue eye and one brown eye , and the look of a crook . when he see rahil he speak sarcastically . rahil seem scared and weak . aspro do not I say I would only give you till today ? rahil ( with tear in her eye ) but I talk to my friend , and she only pay $ 900 for she permit . aspro let you friend get you a permit . rahil no , I be just wonder why it 's so much more expensive ? aspro wait , wait , wait . do not try to fasttalk I . let I get a word in . I be try to help you . who change you name to tigest ? I do . run over to you friend who say she can get it for $ 900 . do not act smart . rahil please understand , I could not get $ 1,500 . aspro ( show rahil a permit ) look at this ? do this look fake ? no one will bother you with this . the woman who this belong to ... boom ! blew up ina million piece . she have no one , no family . nobody claim the body . you would not have to fake you beauty mark anymore . rahil ok , but give I more time . aspro sweetheart , I have already tell you I can save you the $ 1,500 . just give I yonas and you permit 's free . rahil ( angry ) do not ever mention yonas again , that will never happen . never ! aspro that boy life like a fugitive here on this soil . if they ever find out about he , you will both get expell . you keep he underground like a rat . the boy never see the sun , he will never go to school . I want he to have a father and a mother . he would still be you son . you could see he ... rahil I know what 's best for my son , how to hide he , I know how to feed and care for he . aspro I be tell you you boy be dead before he 's even bear ! he do not exist . even a ketchup bottle have a name . it have a production and expiration date . rahil I can not hear this anymore . aspro how much more money do you need ? rahil 500 dollar . aspro you still need $ 500 ? I can buy a human be with $ 500 . so you do not say that aspro rip you off , I be gonna reduce the price by $ 200 . I be give you seven day . you either bring I the money , or you son . or I do not want to see you pretty little face here again . understand ? so go ahead , take you time . as much fuck time as you want . 120 . ext.day -street 120 . a shot of a dirty narrow street fill with puddle and small primitive room . we can see stray dog roam around . 121 . ext.day -street 121 . successive descriptive shot of rahil 's neighborhood . 122 . int.day -rahil 's home 122 . yonas be sobbing . Zain be look outside the window . he see the neighbor 's tv through they open window and a animated series be play . he adjust the window so yonas can watch the show through the reflection on the glass . yonas start watch and calm down a bit . Zain sit next to he and start make dialogue with funny voice and create a funny scenario inspire by he poor daily street life . Zain 's fabricate scenario from the series include a dialogue between two character . zain ( addressing yonas ) look . funny voice " hello honeybunny . " " how be you , buddy ? " heavy voice " how you doin’ , bro ? " funny voice " I see you get waste on that joint . " heavy voice " I ? " " you mother 's turn trick . " " what a pothead ! " funny voice " you cocksucker ! " " cut the crap , dickhead . " heavy voice ( yonas be laughing ) " you be the only asshole here ! " funny voic " damn , you mother 's ugly . " feo ] 123 . int . day -rahil 's home 123 . Zain be drum on the back of the cooker , while yonas be dance . we hear the neighbor from outside shouting and cursing at rahil . neighbor Close you damn window ! I be sick of smell you food . zain ( rahil giggle ) I will fill she mouth with shit if she keep harass you shall I open fire ? rahil signal Zain to keep quiet . zain what a piece of shit , that bitch ... slut , whore , filthy ... zain ( shout at neighbor ) be you go to ...? rahil close Zain 's mouth before he get they in trouble with the crazy neighbor . both of they be giggle . 124 , int.day - bus 124 . rahil ( speak ethiopian on phone ) enough , just get I my salary ! you say you know the guy . you find I that job . 125 . ext.day -street 125 . rahil be walk down the street head to a clothing store . 126 . int.day -clothing store 126 . ethiopian saleswoman ( speak ethiopian to rahil ) I be not the boss ; I can not give you the money . if it be up to I , I would . 127 . int.day - bakery 127 . rahil I be tigest , do you recognize I ? do you recognize I ? baker ( with sarcasm ) come back this afternoon , the manager will be here . 128 . int.day-snack 128 . see through the window be rahil , desperately try to negotiate with the owner of the shop . she be then see leave the place with tear in she eye . 129 . int.day - bakery 129 . rahil be cying . she ask a bakery manager for money but he refuse . manager I do not give out advance and it 's only the start of the month . you be illegal . I be already risk a lot . rahil please , I will do anything you want . 130 . int . day -rahil 's home 130 . rahil burn some incense while Zain and yonas be asleep in the inflatable pool . 131 . ext . night-street 131 . rahil be walk down narrow and poor street . 132 . ext. day - in front of the MAIN entrance to a upper middle CLASS bldg . 132 . rahil be wait for somebody next to the garbage bin . a young concierge , step out of the building hold several garbage bag and a crumble envelope . while he pretend to throw out the garbage bag , he approach rahil . concierge I can not do anything for you , rahil . you be go to ruin everything . know what happen if they find out about we ? they will deport both you and the boy . please leave , I be only a doorman . they can replace I ina second . rahil want to even see a picture of he ? concierge no , I can not . I be sorry , please go now . 133 . int . night-rahil 's home 133 . Zain and rahil be at home have dinner . Zain sing a funny song about hashish . yonas , who 's sit on rahil 's knee , clap and babbles . rahil seem worried . zain ( singing ) yes , | be the King of hashish ... unable to fall sleep , rahil , who be deeply think , lie in bed with yonas by she side . 134 , ext.day - neihborhood 134 . rahil walk through a narrow neighborhood , where laundry be hang outside , and a stray dog be look at she . 135 . int . day - hair salon 135 . see from behind , rahil be sit on a chair . we see the hairdresser cut she hair off with scissors at the level of the clip .. rahil 's eye fill up with tear . the hairdresser weigh the hair . on she way out of the salon , rahil collect 300 $ from the cashier . 136 . ext.day -street 136 . on the street , rahil head home while touch and feel she new short hair . 137 . int . night-rahil 's home 137 . on the mattress , yonas be hold onto rahil 's neck play with she short hair . Zain be lie down on the bed next to they . rahil what 's the matter ? do I look different ? rahil and yonas giggle , while Zain be stare at the window , with tear in he eye . 138 . int. day -rahil 's home 138 . while lie in bed at rahil 's house , Zain remember a moment with he sister sahar . they be look outside the window , laugh , and chat . 139 . int . night-rahil 's home 139 . Zain wipe he tear away . the laugh of rahil and yonas be hear in the background . 140 . int . night-rahil 's home 140 . after stare in the void , rahil go to count the money she be hide , while make sure Zain do not see she . she hide they again in the same place . 141 . int .day -rahil 's home 141 . while listen to ethiopian music in she bathroom , rahil get ready to go . she brushes she hair and make braid . in the other room , Zain make funny face while eat and sit at the table to entertain yonas , who be sit in the inflatable pool . all dress up , rahil put a scarf on , draw she beauty mark on she cheek , and carry yonas to kiss he goodbye . she then put he back , so he start sobbing . zain where be you go ? rahil I be go to call my mom , and then I need to go to souk al ahad . rahil ( speak ehtiopian with yonas ) you be not alone , Zain be here . you can play with he . bye. ( yonas wave back ) rahil bye , Zain . zain bye . after she leave , Zain quickly get up and go to check inside the bar of she bed . he do not find the money , so he angrily go back and sit on the chair . 142 . int.day -internet cafe 142 . ina cyber café where foreign worker meet up , we can hear a mix of different language loudly fill up the room . rahil 's face be glow from the computer screen . she be wear headphone and she eye be fill with tear . rahil ( crying , speak ethiopian ) I can not send you any money this month . because I be take English lesson , so I really can not . I be so sorry , Mom . I can not ask Madame for money . she 's be so good to I , I be ashamed to ask . I love you so much , mom. 143 . int . late at night -rahil 's home 143 . Zain wake up , take a look around he , and be surprised to see that very late and rahil have not come home yet . yonas be sleep next to he . zain ( looking around ) rahil ? rahil ? rahil ? he go back to bed and cover yonas with the blanket . he start think . 144 . int.day -rahil 's home 144 . Zain sit on the couch and angrily break a cassette . 145 . int . day -rahil 's home 145 . Zain wake yonas up and dress he up . 146 . ext.day -street 146 . holding yonas in he arm , Zain have difficulty walk in the street look for rahil . they get in a bus and go to rahil 's workplace . zain to manara ? bus driver yes , get in . 147 . int.day - bus 147 . when they get in , a black woman sit in the bus look at they shocked . Zain take a seat , and put yonas on he knee . 148 . int.day -restaurant , rahil 's workplace 148 . Zain ask rahil 's colleague , a egyptian employee at the restaurant about she . egyptian employee have not see she since yesterday morning . I figure she 's sick or something . zain she say she be go to souk al ahad , but have not come back . egyptian employee ( yonas on he lap ) maybe she go to aspro ? zain aspro ? I do not know he . egyptian employee he have a stand in souk al ahad . 149 , ext.day -highway 149 . with yonas in he arm , Zain walk on the side of the highway , and head to souk Al ahad . 150 . ext. day -flea market top view 150 . atop shot show the flea market and the highway from above . 151 . ext.day -flea market 151 . Zain enter the flea market , still hold yonas in he arm . he walk through various kiosk sell cheap clothing , grocery , etc . vendor ( shout ) any sweater on the table for 2,000 ! 152 . ext.day -flea market stand 152 . Zain approach a stand that sell CD , and ask the vendor about aspro 's location . zain Sir , where 's aspro 's stand ? vendor aspro 's ? it 's over there . zain be that aspro , aspro ? 153 . ext. day -in front of asprom stand 153 . Zain reach the stand . he be see talk to aspro . aspro ( surprised ) rahil ? how be you related to rahil ? zain we be family . aspro ( sarcastic ) family ? let 's see . obviously . on she mother 's or father 's side ? aspro ( talking about yonas ) be not this she son , yonas ? right ? what 's yonas do with you ? zain rahil leave the house yesterday , and have not come back yet . aspro give I yonas , let I see he . zain no , no ... aspro you scared ? I know everything about my little yonas . he 's a badass , just like he mother . ( aspro take yonas and carry he ) yasser ! two falafel for this two rabbit over here ! aspro ( addressing yonas ) you hungry ? aspro you do not try to call she ? zain I do not have a phone . aspro ( tries to call rahil ) her phone 's off . thank you , yasser . ( Zain look more worried ) aspro come and eat inside . zain no thank you . aspro what do | tell she if she come by ? zain ( take yonas back ) that we be look for she and go home . aspro stay here . zain no , no . aspro wait for she here , in case she come by . Zain leave without replying . 154 . ext . day - in front of flea market 154 . holding yonas and the falafel sandwich , Zain leave the flea market and sit on the sidewalk in front of it . he put yonas down next to he . while eat they sandwich , Zain call a girl and hand she he pepsi bottle . zain hey girl ! where can I open this ? ( talk about the pepsi bottle ) maysoun keep a eye on this . ( she hand he she tissue box and go ) maysoun ( she come back ) here you go . zain thank you . maysoun you be welcome . ( sit next to yonas , who stare at she ) zain be you hungry ? maysoun no. enjoy . what 's you name ? zain Ibrahim . maysoun ( talking about yonas ) and this one ? zain ( creating a fake name ) he 's ... his name 's asaad . and you ? maysoun maysoun . maysoun ( about yonas ) do you steal he , or be you use he to beg ? zain he 's my brother . maysoun do not look like you . zain we be all bear black like he , and then ... we brighten up with time . how much do you sell this box for ? maysoun it depend on the car . let 's say a woman pass ... you look at she hand , if she 's wear a ring , you say : " God bless and protect you and you husband . " if she 's not wear a ring , you say : " May God send you a worthy husband . " zain ( talking to yonas ) stop lick you hand ! they be dirty from the floor . yonas lie in Zain 's arm , sart babbling , and put he hand inside he shirt . 155 . ext . night-flea market top view 155 . atop shot show the flea market from above and the highway . 156 . ext . night-flea market 156 . with the end of the day , shop close the store at the flea market . Zain and yonas , be still there . he stand in front of a sweet stand and stare at the food . 157 . ext . night -street next to flea market 157 . on a stairway , Zain sleep on the floor while sit down , while yonas lie between he leg . the two of they look exhaust . 158 . ext. day -in front of cyber cafe 158 . rahil , cry , stand in front of the cyber café . she be arrest by police officer along with other migrant worker . the officer handcuffs they . 159 . int. day - police transportation bus 159 . a group of arrest migrant worker be sit in the bus head to the detention center . rahil 's fake beauty mark fade away due to she tear . 160 . int.day -detention CENTER 160 . the woman line up next to each other 's . police officer in line , ethiopian ... police officer ( asks one of they ) be you pregnant ? 161 . int . day detention cell for undocumented foreigners 161 . in the detention cell , rahil be cry . around she stand the other detain migrant worker . they advise she not to tell the police about she son otherwise they would deport she . her fake beauty mark totally disappear . ethiopian woman ( speak ethiopian ) you can not tell they anything ! they will take the boy away from you . rahil lie down next to the other woman . they be see chat , while rahil be silently cry . the cell be cramme with people . 162 . int . day detention cell bathroom 162 . rahil bend over the bathroom sink and empty the milk from she breast while cry . a police officer voice be hear in the background from the speaker , ask one of the detain to come to he office . rahil ( speak ethiopian ) forgive I , my baby . please God , forgive I ! 163 . int . dawn -public transportation , bus 163 . yonas be sit on Zain 's lap and loudly cry . Zain look very tired . 164 . ext. dawn -rahil 's neighborhood 164 . Zain be carry yonas in he arm , while the child be still sobbing . they be head home . 165 . int . dawn -rahil 's home 165 . exhausted , Zain enter rahil 's home . the child be loudly cry . out of breath , Zain put he in the inflatable pool , sit down , think deeply , then get up and leave the house . 166 . ext.day - neighborhood 166 . Zain be walk . 167 . ext. day -in front of kiosk 167 . Zain reach a small food kiosk . zain do you have food a baby can eat ? vendor yes. zain how much ? vendor there 's something for 250 , something for 1,000 . zain I will take the one for 250 . 168 . ext.day - neighborhood 168 . on he way back , Zain notice a three year old little girl sit alone on a old couch outside , sleep , and hold a bottle of milk . a sound of cry baby be hear in the background . Zain stare at she , and then we see he walk away quickly , hide the bottle of milk that he steal from the child in he jacket , while the baby cry . 169 . int. day -rahil 's home 169 . Zain go inside rahil 's home hold the little girl 's bottle . yonas be still cry . Zain try to give he the bottle , but he reject it many time as he be only use to he mother 's milk . the annoying neighbor be hear shouting and cursing again . zain try it . just this once . seriously ... be not this better than a shawarma sandwich ? do not swallow it whole , you will get sick ! hey ! you swallow it ? 170 . int . evening-rahil 's home 170 . sleepy Zain be watch tv through the window reflection , while yonas be lie on he lap and touch he face . 171 . int . day -rahil 's home 171 . Zain look inside the old dirty refrigerator for food . he find moldy food in tupperware and cooker . 172 . int . day -rahil 's home 172 . in the inflatable pool , yonas be sit and eat dirt from the floor . Zain open the freezer , take out a ice cube tray and empty it in a plate . he sprinkle sugar on top of the ice cube , and they eat they . zain seriously , be not this better than a shawarma sandwich ? do not swallow it whole , you will get sick ! hey ! you swallow it ? 173 . ext. day - around the house 173 . Zain be roam around the house while carry yonas . he then put he down to let he walk and hold he hand . Zain try to catch a chicken . 174 , ext . evening -around the house 174 . Zain be hold yonas and observe cat eat a dead animal 's meat . 175 . int . evening-rahil 's home 175 . mentally and physically exhaust Zain be sit , with he hand cover he face . yonas be move around the house . 176 . ext. day -in front of fish kiosk 176 . Zain , carry yonas and stand in front of a fish vendor 's kiosk . he keep stare at the fish . 177 . ext. day -in front of rahil 's home 177 . on a old metal box , Zain be grill the fish . yonas be happily sit next to he in a old cooker . 178 . int . day -rahil 's home 178 . with yonas on he lap , Zain happily eat and give he the grill fish . after taste it , yonas like it . zain be it good ? dig in , mister ! 179 . int . day -rahil 's home 179 . Zain go to the sink and open the faucet . muddy water come out of the facet , then slow down and drip , then the water stop . 180 . ext. day -in front of rahil 's home 180 . with a blanket cover he , Zain go out to check the water tank . zain no water ? seriously ? great ! 181 . int.day -rahil 's home 181 . Zain be hold the measure tape and talk to himself about rahil , while she son be sit in the inflatable pool eat dirt from the carpet . zain she do not care about she son ? be he all right ? be he sick ? you mother be even worse than mine ! 182 . ext.day - around rahil 's home 182 . exhausted , Zain be hold yonas and walk around rahil 's home . he turn back to see the same little girl we previously see sit on a wear out skateboard with she brother stand by she side . 183 . ext. day - around rahil 's home 183 . Zain steal the skateboard from they . the boy start scream , so Zain run away while hold the skateboard . 184 . ext. day -in front of rahil 's home 184 . Zain try to open the door , but yonas push he to get in first . zain ( irritate ) after you , Sir yonas . go inside . 185 . ext.day -highway 185 . with a rope , Zain drag the skateboard with the basin on top that yonas be sit in . yonas be surround by several kitchen utensil ; pot , pan , and lid . 186 . ext.day -flea market 186 . Zain enter souk Al ahad , still drag the skateboard . he hear the voice of maysoun from behind , call he , so he turn around . maysoun be try to sell a funeral wreath at souk Al ahad . maysoun Ibrahim ! Ibrahim ! Ibrahim ! what be you do here ? zain I be sell pot . maysoun that crappy pot ? zain they be better than that flower thing on you back . maysoun it 's for cemetery , idiot ! well , I can sell this in two second . they will buy the whole thing . zain want to bet ? maysoun let 's bet on a plate of food . zain I want meat roll and shish barak . what about you ? maysoun I want meat roll and shish barak ... my God ... I would be sit and eat , but not just any plate , a huge one ... zain from where do you bring the food aid ? do not you talk to I about food aid last time ? maysoun you mean the food dispensary ? zain can I go with you ? maysoun no , you be lebanese , not a syrian refugee like I . man ( with a hat on , talking about yonas ) where do you get this bunny from ? zain mind you own shit ! look at this stupid goat . maysoun let 's go . zain ( angrily ) can you fuck off ? wanna eat my fist ? maysoun come Ibrahim , let 's go . 187 . ext. day - outside flea market 187 . Zain and maysoun be sit outside souk Al ahad , in a corner , with yonas still sit in the basin . maysoun you can keep this country all to yourself , I be leave . zain where to ? maysoun I be leave you the business and everything . it can be all yours . zain where be you go ? maysoun to Sweden . there 's a neighborhood full of syrian there . no one ask what be you do here . no one mess with you . I will have my own room , no one come in without knock . I choose who can come in and who can not . kid there , they die only from natural cause . zain I want to go with you . maysoun sure , but you need money . zain how much ? maysoun about $ 300 , not more . zain $ 300 isa lot . maysoun do you know os ... ospar ? zain aspro ? maysoun yes , in souk Al ahad . zain yes , what about he ? maysoun this be he number . maysoun ( show he a piece of paper ) he organize the trip . he give I this piece of paper . I draw a ship next to he number . the ship have the most beautiful light ... and amazing food . zain can I take my brother assaad with I ? maysoun do he know how to swim ? zain I will teach he . maysoun I do not know , you would have to ask ospro . zain ( mocking her ) aspro , not ospro . maysoun aspro . 188 . int . day -rahil 's home 188 . yonas be hear cry in the background , while Zain be stand in front of the mirror , practice the syrian accent so he can get the food dispensary that maysoun be talk about . he hold a conversation with himself as if they be talk to he , to train himself . zain ( asking himself , lebanese accent ) where be you from ? zain ( correcting syrian accent ) where be you from ? zain ( syrian accent ) me? from Syria . zain ( asking himself ) where in Syria ? zain ( replying ) from aleppo . zain ( asking himself ) be this you brother ? zain ( replying , lebanese accent ) yes , this be my brother . zain ( correcting syrian accent ) I mean , this be my brother . zain ( asking himself ) what 's he name ? zain ( replying , sad voice ) nawras . and he have not eat for two day , or drunk anything . zain ( asking himself ) and why be he so black ? 189 . ext.day - U.N. camp 189 . Zain be carry yonas with difficulty , in a crowded place where UN be give out food dispensary for syrian refugee . we still hear Zain 's voice . zain my mom drank a lot of coffee when she be pregnant . she use to drink a whole pot every day . 190 . ext.day - U.N. camp 190 . Zain and yonas be stand in front of plenty of refugee wait for they turn . Shots of volunteer hand the refugee grocery bag . zain where 's you ration card ? I lose it . I be walk next to the Dog River ... 191 . ext.day - U.N. camp 191 . Zain be talk to a volunteer sit on a desk . he be surround by veile woman wait for they turn . yonas be lie on the desk in front of he . volunteer so you be strolling by the river ? zain ( uncertain ) yeah , I slip and drop my card . I jump in the river , but could not find it . volunteer and how do you get here ? zain we be at home in Syria , and we next door neighbor ratted we out , maybe ... | really should not jump to conclusion but I suspect it be he . a bomb hit we house ... we start to crawl like rambo . you know , the one who crawl ? volunteer you start crawl ? zain yeah , like he , in the trenches . volunteer okay , and what exactly do you want ? zain whatever you have , but most important be milk and diaper . volunteer milk and diaper ? zain and if you have any ramen , vinegar chip , stuff like that ... 192 . ext.day -street 192 . Zain be drag the skateboard behind he . there be a grocery bag inside the basin . in the other hand , he be drag yonas , who look weak and exhaust due to hunger . yonas be unable to stand up or move . zain get up . what be you look at ? get up ! 193 . ext. day - side of the STREET 193 . Zain and yonas be sit on the side of a street . Zain be feed he powder milk , like he little sister use to eat . we see woman behind they , and a little girl walk on the street . 194 . int . day -rahil 's home 194 . Zain be unscrew the top of the hot water tank with a wrench . 195 . ext.day -flea market 195 . Zain be try to drag the hot water tank place behind the basin of the skateboard with a rope . yonas be sit in the basin . they reach aspro 's kiosk . aspro ( sarcastic ) Nice lamborghini ! come here , let I see , kid . rahil still have not show up ? zain no ... | mean yeah , rahil ? she 's be back for a while . aspro ( sarcastic ) yeah , right . what be you drag around ? a nuclear bomb or a rocket ? zain a brand new , top -of - the-line water tank . aspro ( sarcastic ) how much for this brand new , top -of - the-line water tank ? zain 20,000 . aspro ( sarcastic ) 20,000 ? yasser ! give I 30,000 for this 20,000 guy . aspro ( hold yonas 's hand ) yonas ... why 's yonas look so thin ? be not you guy eat ? he seem sick . my god , you both smell like dog ? aspro ( lower he voice and address zain ) I already talk to rahil . there 's a good family that can take yonas in , take care of he , dress he ... and you could line you pocket with $ 500 . deal ? so ? ( yonas innocently look at they ) zain I hear you can help people travel to Turkey . aspro you want to travel ? zain I wish I could . aspro where do you want to go ? zain to Turkey . I mean Sweden . aspro Sweden , Turkey , whichever you like . zain which one 's prettier ? aspro you choose . I will even send you to the moon . all you have to do be convince she about the boy . deal , kiddo ? yasser here you go , boss . aspro ( give zain the money ) take this and tell rahil that aspro send he regards . all right ? zain I will ask rahil . aspro ask rahil . 196 . ext.day -gas station 196 . Zain drag yonas behind he and speak to two worker at the gas station . 197 . ext.day -gas station 197 . at the back of a gas station , Zain and yonas use a hose from the carwash to shower . he scrub yonas 's hair with a bar of soap . he rinse yonas 's hair from the cold water hose . Zain be wash he dirty laundry by walk on top it . the worker add soap on the laundry , and scrub Zain 's hair . Zain enjoy splash water on he face . Zain laugh loudly . the worker also scrub yonas 's hair , and then dry he with a towel . Zain dress yonas up , then squeeze the wet clothes , while the same worker distract yonas . 198 . ext. day -in front of rahil 's home 198 . Zain stand on a old wooden chair and hang the laundry in front of the house . yonas sit in the basin and help he by hand he the clothespin . zain yonas , hand I a clothespin . he blow in he hand to warm they up , so yonas do the same . zain go like this to warm you hand . 199 . int. day -rahil 's home 199 . Zain accidently find a wrinkle paper in he pants . he unfold it : it be the medical prescription of tramal that we see at the pharmacy in the beginning of the movie . 200 . ext. day -in front of a pharmacy 200 . the basin / skateboard in which yonas be sit be park on the sidewalk attach by a chain toa pole . 201 . int. day -inside pharmacy 201 . the pharmacist be hold in he hand the medical prescription . it be wrinkle and the ink have ble through it . zain my little sister wash the clothes because my mom 's sick . pharmacist she wash the prescription with the clothes ? 202 . int.day -inside another pharmacy 202 . pharmacist I will give you one packet ... and when you come back with the 3,000 , I will give you the rest . zain one packet ? can you give I two ? 203 . ext.day - port 203. Zain walk at the port . he fill two gallon with sea water . 204 . ext.day -rahil 's neighborhood 204 . out of breath , Zain be head home with difficulty . he be drag two gallon of water . 205 . int. day -rahil 's home 205 . on a old newspaper , Zain be crush the tramal pill , like he use to do before at he house . yonas be sit on the ground . he grab a pill to eat it , but Zain shout at he and put he back in the inflatable pool . zain no ! Zain crush the pill , but yonas curiously come closer to see what Zain be do . zain go away ! do not think I can not see you , I be not blind ! Zain empty the tramal powder into a pot full of water . he stir they with a big wooden spoon . yonas 's leg be tie with a rope to the bed . yonas cry and Zain fill the juice in water bottle . 206 . ext. evening-street 206 . Zain be hold the basin with yonas inside it , surround by a water bottle and coffee cup . he meet teenager hang out in front of a garage . zain ( call they ) hey guy ! can one of you give I a hand ? a guy come and bend down to help he , so Zain whisper to he . zain ( whispering ) I have tramadol shot . you interested ? 1,000 a shot . the teenager go back to he friend to ask they and leave Zain wait a bit . zain hey , help I lift it . come and help ! brother , for you I can make a deal . the teenager come on , hurry up . 207 . ext . night-street 207 . Zain go to a different group of teenager . they be all smoking cigarettes and look waste . teenager guy , he have tramadol . zain I get tramadol by the shot , interested ? another teenager have any viagra ? or rivo ? another teenager get any rivo ? another teenager farawla ? tradamol ? another teenager free base ? zain I be in the juice business . zain ( show they the tramal bottle ) this be like rivo , but juice-style . yonas be still sit in the basin hold a coffee cup and babbling . a second tramal and water bottle be by he side . Zain shake the bottle . teenager ( after tasting it ) you be sell I saltwater , big man ? zain ( jokingly ) what 's better than seawater , man ? 208 . ext.day -street 208 . Zain stop by three old man on the street . zain I have get tramadol by the sip , interested ? after taste it , one of the man spit it . 209 . ext.day -street 209 . different shot of Zain sell tramal shot to several people . yonas be still with he in the basin . Zain hand they the coffee cup as shot . 210 . ext . night-street 210 . zain 1,000 a shot . 211 . int.day -rahil 's home 211 . Zain count he money and hide it in the metal bar of the bed like rahil use to do . 212 . int.day -rahil 's home 212 . Zain and yonas be lie in bed next to each other , look at the paper that maysoun give he and smile . zain here , choose . which country do you want to go to ? let 's go to Sweden ! it 's the prettiest . we will go with that idiot maysoun . 213 . int . day -rahil 's home 213. Zain be sit on the ground , smoking a cigarette and talk to himself . yonas be move around the house and babbling . zain when you be in Sweden , there be no asshole who get in you face . you can even piss from the balcony , no one will give you shit for it . 214 , ext . night -street 214 , in the basin , yonas put the cup on he mouth . teenager give Zain look . he stare back and keep walk . one of the teenager in a group take the tramal bottle from he and hide it , so another guy hit he and give it back to Zain . guy give he the money , bitch ! take you midget and leave ! zain I be leave , chill . 215 . ext . night-street 215 . zain ( shout at some guy ) shove it up you ass and cook it ! 216 . ext . night-street 216 . a teenager we previously see be blow cigarette smoke in Zain 's face . 217 . ext . night-street 217 . teenager be stand around yonas . one of they kick he basin . zain ( angrily throws a stone at he ) do not go near the kid , asshole ! teenager ( hit zain ) fuck off , you little prick ! fuck off before I trash you face ! get the fuck out of here ! Zain leave with yonas . his eye be red and fill with tear . 218 . ext.day - narrow STREET 218. Zain be walk through the narrow poor street and drag yonas behind he . 219 . ext.day - top view neighborhood 219 . top shot of the poor neighborhood . we see plenty of tire on the roof of all the wear out building . 220 . ext.day - around rahil 's home 220 . Zain be drag yonas behind he , who be babbling , clap the two coffee cup , and surround by empty water bottle in the basin . suddenly Zain get flustered when he see yonas 's belonging throw in front of rahil 's home . when he get to the door , he notice a padlock and try to break in . he get angry and start kick the door with no success of break it down . he grab a rock and try to break the lock . alarm , the neighbor come and start shouting at he while hold she baby . neighbor ( shout ) why be you break the door down ? zain what sonofabitch change the lock and throw my shit out ? neighbor what shit ? it 's all here ! and who the hell be you ? zain I still have stuff inside . neighbor what stuff ? maybe the landlord have it . zain where do the shitlord live ? neighbor why do not you find you dirty slut ? keep bashing that door and I will call the warden . zain ( with sarcasm ) go ahead , tell he I say , " hi . " neighbor what 's you relation to that bitch again ? zain ( hold a piece of wood ) I be she brother . neighbor which gutter do she drag you out of ? zain ( tries to break the lock ) get out of my face before I lose it ! neighbor I be call the warden now ! you will see . zain ( run to her house and start breaking thing ) I will break you house down ! where 's the fuck landlord ? neighbor get out of here before I break you skull ! zain ( come back and tries to break the lock again ) shut up ! shut you mouth ! neighbor get out of here ! zain ( while try to break in ) i. want. my. Fucking . money ! 221 . ext.day -street 221 . Shots of the busy street pack with honk car . 222 . ext.day -street 222. under the hot sun , Zain and yonas be sit in the street next to a stand that sell second -hand , old shoe . they clothes , hand , and face be very dirty . Zain look disappointed . yonas be loudly cry , so Zain hold he to calm he down . Zain 's eye be red from fatigue , hunger , and lack of sleep . he get up and put yonas down , then empty the plastic bag in the basin . yonas innocently look at he . zain stay here , do not move . Zain quietly leave and disappear at the corner of the street . he take a few step and then look back . yonas be behind he follow he with baby step with a innocent look . zain go back there ! go over there . yonas be move around , smile at Zain , and wave at he . Zain come back and try to sit yonas down so he do not move . zain there ... there ! Zain turn he back and walk away . he turn around to see yonas run towards the car , so he quickly follow he and catch he hand . we hear the car honk loudly . zain go over there . yonas fall down . Zain feel bad for he , so he pick he up and grab he hand . he drag he down and tie he leg with a rope to the wall . Zain walk away again while hold he plastic bag and take a glimpse at yonas . yonas try to move but he can not . Zain sit on the sidewalk across the street and look at yonas with a miserable look in he eye . he see he sobbing . he wipe he tear , get up , quickly come closer to he , unty he leg , and open a bag of chip for he to eat . 223 . int.day -bus 223 . Zain be sit in the bus , with yonas on he lap . Zain look at yonas . he seem helpless . yonas innocently caress Zain 's face . 224 , ext.day -flea market 224 . Zain be head towards aspro 's kiosk , and drag yonas behind he . Zain look defeat , depressed and exhaust . his eye be fill with tear . 225 . ext.day -sunday flea market 225 . from afar , we see Zain speak to aspro . Zain cry and wipe he tear . aspro touch he dirty hair . aspro ( talking on phone ) yes , my friend . listen ... I be send you a little kid . look like a dog , we need to make he look human . can you do that ? I have to get he out of the country . ok . aspro ( talking to zain ) why the sad face ? zain nothing . aspro we agree on this . do you have papers ? any id , a birth certificate ? zain I do not know , maybe at home . aspro I need proof you be a human be . id card , registration , even a newspaper with you picture , anything ... so I can get you out through the port of Beirut , ok ? can you do that ? ( Zain nod ) aspro do not worry about yonas . I love he . I will put he with a good family . aspro the people you be travel with will take good care of you . remember yasser who work for I ? go see he . he will send you to a barber . then you go home and bring back what ? you papers . zain my papers . aspro ( count the money ) get it ? here ... one , two , three , four . take it . zain you promise I $ 500 . aspro ( hit zain , then whisper ) you expect to eat and drink for free ? $ 100 pay for you food , get it ? give I a kiss . take care of yourself , ok ? go on . aspro pick yonas up from the basin and put he on he desk . Zain get close to he , hug he and kiss he . aspro that 's enough , you should go . I tell you I will take good care of he , ok ? Zain look at he one last time , then walk away into a alley within the market drag the empty basin / skateboard behind he . yonas be sit on aspro 's desk . with a naive look , he watch Zain walk away . 226 . int.day - public transportation bus 226 . sitting in the bus , Zain be sadly look at yonas 's pacifier . his nail be fill with dirt . 227 . int.day -barber 227 . the hairdresser be cut be Zain 's hair , while he be look at himself in the mirror and wiping he tear . 228 . ext.day - public transportation bus 228. Zain get off the bus . he throw away the basin in the garbage as if he be get rid ofa chapter in he life , and keep he plastic bag . 229 , ext.day -street 229 . Zain walk down the street and head home . 230 . int . day -stayr of zain 's build 230 . Zain go up the stair of he building and with a new eye rediscover the misery he leave behind - a drip sewerage pipe , moldy wall , two kid alone on the stair . at the doorway of he old apartment , he find the door half open . he slowly push it in and enter . 231 . int.day - zain 's appartment 231 . the apartment be calm . Zain 's father be sleep on the couch , a half smoke cigarette in the ashtray on the table where lie a half cut apple , a pack of cigarettes , a lighter , bread , a plate , and a whiskey glass . Zain turn off the cigarette then stare at he sleep father . Zain head to the bedroom , open the drawer , and look for he papers . Zain be still search in the drawer , when he hear he sister 's voice , a baby cry and he mother 's voice from behind . Zain turn around and see he mother dress in black . zain 's sister Zain ! souad ( surprised ) when do you come back ? zain none of you business . souad ( hit and shout at he ) where the hell have you be ? where have you be all this time ? where ? where ? where ? damn you ! zain anyway I be not here to see you or that asshole over there . I need my papers . souad ( with sarcasm ) oh ! of course , my sweetheart ! selim , wake up , you son need he papers ! salim wake up . zain where be my papers ? selim where the hell have you be ? zain none of you business , just give I my papers . selim none of my business ? what do you need papers for ? want to become a trash collector ? zain my papers , my id , anything ! selim who give a shit about you or I or any of we ? Zain angrily throw something on the ground . selim ( kick the table ) do not play the big man with I , you little shit ! selim ( stand up and drag zain ) come take you papers ? come ! I have get a lot of papers . ( he open a small box and take the papers out ) . which one do you want ? ( selim sit on a chair ) . I have get papers that can send I to jail . I have get a eviction notice ... ( souad be carefully look at they ) and here 's the most important paper of all . ( Zain , annoyed , walk away ) come back here , you should see this one ! ( selim grab he arm ) this one 's from a hospital . it could break any man 's heart . we be insect , my friend . do not you get it ? we be parasite . you either accept life without papers , or you might as well jump out the window . get it ? get the hell out of here before I kill you ! ( selim kick he out of the room ) souad stop selim ! selim ( shout and drag zain ) tell whoever the hell send you : " my father never give a shit ! he never get we any papers . '' go back where you come from , you animal ! damn you and you mother and whoever bring you to this world . zain who go to the hospital ? souad not a word , selim . do not say another word ! zain ( asks he sister ) who go to the hospital ? who go to the hospital ? who 's in the hospital ? ( everyone keep quiet ) selim ( shout ) get he out of my sight before I tear he to piece ! I curse you father 's seed ! zain ( crying ) who go to the hospital ? zain ( grab he mother 's arm ) who go to the hospital ? selim ( cstart crying ) Little shit ! zain ( to he mother ) tell I ! zain who go to the hospital ? zain ( wipe he tear ) what do that motherfucker do to she ? zain ( hit he father ) what do he do to she ? what do he do to she ? selim ( looking defeated ) sahar be go , it 's over . zain ( goe to the room and grab a knife from the drawer ) she 's go ? she 's go ? I will show you who 's go . zain ( run away with the knife ) I will show you who 's who , who will be go ... souad ( scream ) he 's get a knife ! 232 . int . day - build stairway 232 . Zain go down the stair four step at a time full of rage . his parent be follow he . selim I will bury you alive ! come back , you son of a bitch ! I will kill you with my bare hand ! 233 . ext.day -street 233 . determined Zain run towards Assad 's market hold the knife steady in he hand . his father , follow by he mother , be run after he . Zain reach the market . we see several people , most of they little kid , stand in shock and stare . 234 , int .day - police station 234 . a police officer take handcuff Zain inside the office . we can see blood stain on Zain 's face and hand . police officer uncuff he . he be stand , he face be towards the wall , and he hand be on the wall . Zain be take off he clothes . a officer check he mouth and teeh to determine he age . 235 . int.day -detention CENTER for undocumented people 235 . ( one of the first scene of the movie but take through another angle , through a window this time ) Zain be stand in he underwear . the forensic doctor that we see at the beginning of the movie be check Zain 's mouth . 236 . int.day -detention corridor 236 . different drawer where we see file classified by nationality . 237 . int . day -immigrant detention cell 237 . different prison cell with the foreign prisoner group accord to nationality . they face be expressionless and look half dead . we see several ventilator in the hallway . plastic water bottle be stick between the bar . 238 . int . day - detention cell 238 . see from behind , a guard open the prison cell and let Zain go inside . back to court 239 . int.day -courtroom 239 . abou Assad be push he son Assad 's wheelchair in front of the judge . the judge you be the husband of ...? what be she name again ? assad sahar . the judge sahar . how old be sahar when you marry she ? assad eleven . the judge 11 year old . do you think a 11 - year - old girl be suitable for marriage ? do she know what it mean ? assad from what | know ... yes , she be ... she blossom , she reach that time ... zain ( angrily ) really ? I do not know she be a potato or a tomato plant that blossom ! the judge Zain , calm down ! zain ( angily ) I do not know she could die from it . many girl in the neighborhood get marry at that age . even my mother in law be marry at that age ... and here she be , alive and well . the judge how long be you marry before she get pregnant ? assad two or three month . the judge ok , be the pregnancy normal ? assad at first I do not notice anything wrong . but then she start bleed . she ble a lot . the judge then what happen ? assad I take she to the hospital with she parent . and she die at the hospital door . the hospital would not let she in . nadine can I ask why the hospital refuse to admit she ? souad ( start to cry ) because she do not have any papers . the judge counselor , I think that 's enough . souad ( crying ) I live and work like a dog for you to stand here and judge I ? how dare you judge I ? have you ever be in my shoe ? live my life ? you never have , and you never will ! not in you worst nightmare . if you do , you would hang yourself ! imagine have to feed you kid water and sugar because you have nothing else to give they . I be ready to commit 100 crime to keep my child alive ! they be mine , the treasure of my life ! no one have the right to judge I , I be my own judge . they be my own flesh and blood . do you understand ? selim wipe he tear . 240 . int . day - detention CENTER hallway 240 . a shot of the prison hallway be show a man walk around . 241 . int . day - detention CENTER room 241 , two prison worker be pour food from a large basin . 242 . int.day - police office in detention CENTER 242 . a bunch of prisoner be line up . Three officer be stand in a office ; one of they be hold a paper and read name out loud . we hear through the speaker a officer call prisoner 's name out . officer ( heard from the speaker ) the syrian , Hussein ... the egyptian , Mohammad ... 243 . int . day - detention cell 243 . a shot of male 's prison cell , they be lie down wait . 244 , int . day - detention CENTER hallway 244 . a foreign woman be dance and smile . a convoy of musician be play guitar for free . they be guide by a nun and pass through the prison hallway sing . speechless Zain be sit in he cell , look outside , and eat a apple . the nun Excuse I , can you lend we a ear ? the priest and I come here to meet you and get to know you a little bit . and maybe cheer you up a little bit . come on , let 's sing a song . the convoy continue to a neighbor cell where several woman from different nationality be over pack together ( Sri lankan , ethiopian , etc. ) we see rahil . she be sit in a corner deep in think . her face be bruise . she be insensitive to the musical show , which be amusing some of the other girl . the convoy stop in front of different prison cell to entertain the foreign detainee cramme inside the cell together . Zain be speechless at the absurd spectacle . 245 . int . day - male 's detention cell 245 a group of male prisoner be praying together . Zain be sit and stare at they indifferently . 246 . int . day - female 's detention cell 246 . a group of female prisoner ( Sri lankan , ethiopian , etc. ) be praying together in a cramme cell . all of they be wear white veil . 247 . int . day - male 's detention cell 247 . a shot of Zain asleep ona mattress in the cell . 248 . int . day - female 's detention cell 248 . a shot of the foreign female 's prison cell . the cell be overcrowded . they be see try to fall asleep on the few mattress in the middle of the heat . rahil be lie down think deeply . 249 . int . day - male 's detention cell 249 . Zain be lie down on the mattress stare in the void , with a sad look in he eye . 250 . int . day - female 's detention cell 250 . a shot of a Sri lankan woman eat a sandwich . from the speaker , we hear a officer call Zain . officer Zain Al hajj , gather you thing , prepare for transfer . rahil , confuse , hear Zain 's name on the speaker . 251 . int.day - prison hallway 251 . a officer be take Zain out of he cell . rahil quickly get up and stand behind the bar to check whether it be Zain . handcuffed Zain be follow the officer when he pass in front of rahil 's cell , she look at he in despair . rahil Zain ? Zain ? Zain ? Zain ! Zain ! what be you do here ? Zain , where 's yonas ? Zain ! Zain , where 's yonas ? Zain ! where 's my son ? where 's yonas ? where ! who do you leave he with ? my son be alone at home . several other prisoner inside rahil 's cell be shocked . Zain look back . rahil frantically start scream more and more , rattling the bar . her prison - mate try to calm she . she fumble over she word while she try to catch she breath . she start speak to herself . 252 . int.day - prison office 252 . Zain and rahil be sit in front of a officer 's desk . zain ( describe aspro 's eye color ) this eye ... here ... be blue , blue , blue . officer ( confuse ) both he eye be blue ? zain no . this eye be brown , and this eye be blue . 253 . int . day -roumieh prison for juvenile 253 . behind the bar , Zain be look outside with a miserable look on he face . 254 , ext .day -roumieh prison for juvenile 254 . we see a shot of the prison building . the roof be equip with razor wire . 255 . ext.day - prison field 255 . Zain be quietly sit on the ground with he back on the wall . several child be play football . 256 . ext.day -roumieh prison 256 . a quick shot of Zain 's cell from outside . 257 . int . evening -prison cell 257 . Zain be sit near the bar and stare outside . 258 . int . evening -prison cell 258 . the prisoner be watch a popular talk show about scandal and various short storey . they be smoking cigarettes . Zain be sit and quietly watch the show . presenter ( on tv ) you be live on wind of freedom . please turn you tv down . a person talking on phone with the presenter I have be follow you show for a while ... and I know you always talk about social issue ... 259 . ext.day - prison 259 . escort by a guard , Zain head to the prison 's visitor area . 260 . int.day - prison cafeteria 260 . ina colorful dress , souad be smoking a cigarette . Zain see she from the cafeteria entrance and stare at she . she get up and kiss he . they sit down to talk . souad how be you ? do you have a cold ? be you sick ? zain ( with disgust ) congratulation , you be no longer in mourn ? you be not wear black anymore ? souad I bring you some candy to nibble on . eat they , Zain . why be you so angry with I ? there be nothing I could have do . she be my daughter , I lose she too . zain what do you come here for ? souad when God take something away from you , he bless you in return . zain what do God bless you with ? souad I be pregnant . you be go to have a little brother or sister . zain ( disgust ) my heart aches . souad I hope it 's a girl . we will name she sahar . zain you word be stabbing I in the heart . souad God willing , when you get out , she will be walk and play ... zain I do not want to see you face in here again . you have no heart . Zain take the bag and throw they in the garbage with anger in front of he mother . zain ( to the guard , while leaving the visitor area ) let go of I ! I want to go outside ! 261 . ext. evening -prison 261 . a sunset shot take from the prison . 262 . int . evening -prison cell 262. a few young prisoner be watch the same show they be watch last time . child speak on tv ever since my dad die , I have not smile ... presenter ( on tv ) this week 's special report on child abuse have have a great impact on we audience ... Zain be listen to the show while lie in bed . 263 . int.day - prison hallway 263 . a shot of the empty prison hallway . presenter ( on tv ) for you comment , call we at ... 09658856 264 . int.day - prison cell 264 . Zain be sit near the window and stare outside . 265 . int . night -prison hallway 265 . Zain be at the phone booth , hold a phone to he ear . pr : be there a adult i zai a police officer . pr esenter n the room with you , Zain ? N esenter ( shocked ) a police officer ? where be you call we from , Zain ? zai from jail . 266 . the other prisoner be wa ' notice Zain 's voice . pr that 's Zain talkin they get shocked and excit pr N ls 266 . int . night -prison cel . tching the show on tv , when one of they soner g! ed and start tell each other . esenter ( on tv ) from jail ? which jail ? another prisoner yes , it 's Zain 's voice . zain ( he voice be heard on tv ) roumieh prison for juvenile . presenter Zain , why be you call we show ? how can we help you ? 267 . int . talk show studio ( t.v. sequence ) 267 . the presenter of the same show we see previously be talk in front of the camera . zain ( heard in the studio ) I want to sue my parent . 268 . int . night -prison cell 268 . the other prisoner be shouting and knock on the door so the other prisoner can know . prisoner ( shout ) hey guy ! another prisoner ( shout ) Zain 's on tv ! 269 . ext . night - prison window 269 . most of the kid and teenager be wave clothes outside the window and shouting . 270 . int . night -prison hallway 270 . other be knock on the cell door . 271 . int . night -prison cell 271 . presenter ( on tv ) you be live on the air . what do you want to say ? 272 . ext.day - prison 272 . we still hear Zain 's voice but we see Zain walk with a guard and head towards the prison 's visitor area . zain I want grow - up to hear what I have to say . I be sick of that who can not take care of they kid . what will I take from all this ? all the insult , all the beating , all the kicking ? the chain , the hose , or the belt ? the nicest word I hear be : fuck off , you sonofabitch ! " '' piss off , you fucker ! " 273 . int . day - prison 's visitor area 273 . Zain come up to she . nadine stand up and extend she hand out to greet he . we still hear he speech from the phone call . zain ( on phone with tv presenter ) life be dog shit . filthier than the shoe on my foot ! I be live in hell . get roast , like the chicken I be die to eat . nadine ( with a smile ) howare you ? 274 , int .day -transportation van for prisoner 274 . we still hear he speech . but we see he leave a transportation van for prisoner . he be handcuff and escort by a officer . zain life be a bitch ! I be expect to be a good man , respected and love . but God do not want that . 275 . int.day -courthouse hallway 275 . Zain be walk down the hallway head to the court that we previously see many time . we hear he voice in the background from the phone call . zain he want we to be floor mat , to be step on . 276 . int.day -courtroom 276 . with a miserable look on he face , tired look eye , Zain address he mother . zain that kid in you belly will be just like I . souad silently look at he and do not say a word . she bend she head down . the judge what do you want from you parent ? zain I want they to stop have child . the judge speak up ! zain ( speak louder ) I want they to stop have child ! the judge you want they to stop have child ? zain that 's right . the judge I do not think they be go to have any more child . zain and what about that one ? he 's go to be bear , no ? the judge and he parent silently look at he and do not say a word . 277 . int.day -courthouse file room 277 . the clerk go into a archive room and put a file between a pile of file . the room be fill with column of file . 278 . int . night-warehouse 278 . a group of police officer raid a dark warehouse . officer ( speak on the phone with tv presenter ) we raid a warehouse where people be trap ... 279 . int . night -asprom house 279 . the police officer raid aspro 's house . he be sit with a group of other people smoking cigarettes . he look shocked . 280 . int . night-warehouse 280 . a police officer be hold aspro and push he on the wall . another person be also stand by he side and hold by the officer . the officer be look through the opening while hold flashlight and search for the trap people . they break in and find people from different nationality in miserable condition sit in the dark . they also find yonas , cry loudly . one of the police officer get in and pick he up . 281 . int . day - beirut airport 281 . rahil and several other color woman be wait at the airport surround by officer . rahil be look leave and right . suddenly she notice a social worker head she way with yonas in she arm , both of they smile . rahil run like crazy towards she son . she grab he into she arm . she cover he with kiss and tear of happiness . 282 . int.day - prison hallway 282 . walk down the empty hallway , Zain be escort by a guard and handcuff behind he back . 283 . int . day -in front of a gray wall 283 . Zain be stand still . off camera , he be look into a camera lens with a neutral expression . voice of man stand on the line , Zain . go a bit to the right . no , to the leave . too much , back to the right . Zain follow the instruction of the photographer . zain no , this be my right . this be my leave . voice of man tilt you head up a bit . look straight ahead . smile . Zain do not smile . he look sad . voice of man smile , Zain . this be for you id card , not you death certificate . Zain finally show a little smile on he face . the end .