maersk alabama ( from the book " a Captain 's duty " by Richard Phillips ) screenplay by billy Ray Sony picture Scott rudin production Michael deluca production trigger Street film first draft - revise December 9 , 2010 fade in ... on a man in a float hell . we be : int . lifeboat - night ( 2 a.m . ) a enclose , fiberglass lifeboat , 28 foot long - with 60 seat , and hatch fore and aft . it 's steamy , hot , even at night . float on the indian Ocean , 300 mile from Somalia . richard phillip sleep upright in this sweatbox , at gunpoint . he 's 50 , a career merchant mariner - now a hostage . his captor be four somali pirate : bilal be 16 , he leave foot wrap in bloody gauze . elmi be 25 , have a three - color * rope on he lap . najee be 24 . they be asleep too . but : musi , they leader , be wide awake . 25 year old , 5 '9 " , maybe 135 pound . a rail - thin killer . his hand , bandage and bloody , hold a AK - 47 as he study the sleep Phillips . after a beat , musi rise , and " undog " ( open ) the aft hatch , step out onto the lifeboat 's tiny aft deck . he lay he AK at he foot , and pee off the edge . Phillips ' eye instantly snap open . turn out , he be awake . * he assess he option - image , hit we in a hurry : Three pirate asleep ; the three - colored rope on elmi 's lap ; musi 's back turn to we ; the AK on the deck ... and six full fuel bucket , tie down in the boat 's nose . it 's time to go . so he rise , head for the aft hatch . the rest be a blur : ext . lifeboat - aft hatch / aft deck - continuing the craft be orange , shape like a submarine . musi pee off * its deck , the AK at he foot . Phillips can grab it and fire away . he consider that . * but a half - mile away , light up like a distant jewel , be a US navy guide missile destroyer - the USS bainbridge . 508 foot long . immense , powerful , here to rescue he - so ... he push musi off the deck and dive in . we follow : * ext . water —- continuing - night his glass fly off , go forever in the cool water . he start swim madly , moonlight shine through . behind he , * musi surface , howling in somali at he crew . * next Phillips hear the engine of the lifeboat roaring to * life . he swim , kick , gasp ... then he look back . oh no : * the lifeboat be come at he , musi cling to its side . * Phillips suck in air , and dive down . even underwater he can * hear the pirate shouting . the lifeboat pass over he , then * stop , idling right atop he . Phillips can touch its hull . * he surface beneath the bow - a quiet breath - grab the * engine cooling pipe under the keel and guide himself along . * footstep on the deck above he . Pirates howling , enraged . he * duck under the boat again , come up on the port side . but wait there , in the water , be musi . oh shit . they lunge for each other 's throat instantly . Hand - to-hand combat , just like that . Phillips get musi 's head under water , musi 's scream turn into a burble of air . holding the guy down - musi flail , kick - Phillips try to drow the bastard , until ... another nightmare : * pop pop pop . Three round from the AK , whistling past he ear into the water . he look up . elmi , on deck . firing . it 's over . Phillips release musi. that fast , Phillips be yank out of the water by elmi and bilal , throw through that aft hatch and back inside , where : int . lifeboat —- continuing elmi and bilal throw he to the floor of the boat . then they pounce : beat the hell out of he . najee jump in too . shot after shot , swarm like angry bee . najee we kill you ! kill you ! shout , spitting , kick . elmi tie Phillips ' hand to a horizontal bar , expose he torso . bilal truss Phillips ' foot to the base of a seat . he 's helpless , a punch bag . .+- as musi , wet and enraged now , step up . silence ... then : musi how much you worth , irish ? one million ? two million ? crack . a right cross to Phillips ' jaw , staggering he . now * the other join in again : pound , spitting , shouting ... * .».- until , gradually , they stop - too wind to continue . * musi ( cont 'd ) you stay tie now , like a animal . and you pee in a bottle . Phillips be a bruise , bleed mess . gasp ... phillip I can not feel my hand . you truss ‘em too tight . musi like a animal ! Phillips try to chew the rope . musi hit he again . musi ( cont 'd ) ropes can not touch you mouth ! they be halal ! he walk away . najee and elmi follow ... leave bilal , the youngest , to stand guard , AK in hand . bilal study Phillips , perplex . a long quiet beat ... then he have to ask : bilal why you do not just shoot we ? ( Phillips be silent ) gun be right there . why you do not just grab it and shoot we ? phillip I just ... want to go home . bilal do not respond . he can not . we CUT to : ext . maersk - starboard - amidship - night the maersk alabama be a cargo ship : 508 foot long , 83 foot abeam , displace 31,000 ton of water . massive . with a seven - story superstructure , " the House " , rise from she stern . she idle , a_mile from the lifeboat ... as she be board by U.S. navy sailor - guy climb up flexible - steel ladder from two navy zodiac idling beside the maersk amidship . int . maersk - bridge - same shane murphy stand at the helm of the maersk , 120 foot above the waterline . he 's Chief mate on this ship - 27 , tough as a bouncer but with a Boy scout face . from seekon , mass . murphy the leader have a knife wound on he right hand , pretty deep . another guy , he be the youngest , he foot 's cut up - from glass shard . Murphy and 10 other maersk crew-members ( we will meet they soon ) be be debrief by lt . price , usn . ... as navy sailor take control of this ship . a ensign name reid at the helm . Murphy can see the bainbridge from here ... and that tiny orange fiberglass lifeboat . this suck ... murphy ( cont 'd ) be there some rescue plan ? you guy gonna get he outta there ? lt . price order be , no offensive measure until the FBI negotiator be on sight and in contact with the pirate . ensign reid we okay to come about , Lieutenant ? lt . price yeah . come about . reid turn the wheel . the giant cargo ship turn . Murphy sigh ; none of the crew-members look happy . Chief engineer mike perry , ( 55 , devout Christian ) voice it : perry do not feel right , leave he out there . lt . price Command want this vessel out of hostile water - we be escort you all the way to mobassa . the man hate that . Murphy study they ... then : murphy can we at least get word to he wife ? ext . underhill vt . - river road - phillip ' driveway - day four newsvan and 15 reporter crowd the snowy driveway and street outside the home of Richard and andrea Phillips . underhill vermont be a town with no stop-light . but today it 's the center of the world , and Phillips be the reason . a reporter , he breath fogge , do a remote from the porch . ... as we push inside , through a window , to : int . phillip ' home - live room - continuing a 1830 's design , timber ceiling . messy and warm . but what use to be a calm home be now Mission Control : neighbor , family member - man phone , monitoring CNN , fretting . * % + eh * * we keep pushing through - face , voice , a spill soda - to : ext . phillip ' home - back patio - day a stone patio , dust by light snow . andrea phillip sit out here , a brief moment of solitude amidst crisis . behind she we see a perfect vermont pasture , blankete white . andrea be the one all that reporter want to talk to . the wife . Lovely , fierce ... but desperate just now . she stare at a old nautical bell that hang over a clothes -line . through the patio door she see she sister , she sister - in - law , neighbor . all here to help . but none of they can . on she face , fear . sadness . she lift a cell - phone to she ear , hit speed - dial . four ring ... then she hear : phillip ( outgoing message ) you know the spiel . now do the deal . I will call you back . beep . andrea start cry . about to hang up ... instead : andrea ( into cell ) hi , honey . you be gonna have a bunch of hang - up on this number . sorry , they be all I ; it 's the only way I can hear you voice . Dumb , right ? Richard , I keep think about the airport . drop you off like that . I always walk you in and watch the plane take off . always . so why do not I this time ? I do not know . ( a beat ) the kid be good . they be both on they way home . everybody 's call , even people we never talk to , guy I date thirty year ago . I think they think I be now available . ( half a laugh , then : ) keep look for I , honey . every night in the star . I be up there . and I be look for you . so I will see you soon , right ? I love you . she shut the phone , eye that old ship' bell overhead . andrea ( cont 'd ) damn it ! int . lifeboat —- moving —- resuming ( night ) this lifeboat chug along , airless and fetid . Phillips , bound now , he face beat and bruise , silently pray . musi , on the bridge , watch , amused . musi hey Phillips , you turn Catholic again ? ( note : the bridge be two step above the lifeboat floor , with nav and radio gear , two seat , and tiny cockpit window . ) the pirate look strain , edgy ; elmi nervously work that three - color rope : weaving strand of white , orange , and red into a whole . Phillips watch with a unspoken dread . phillip I have to urinate . ( mo one reply ) I need the bottle . I have to urinate . musi no bottle . phillip you just say ... musi you pee on yourself , like a animal . phillip wo not be too clean . musi I be clean . my man be clean . no bottle . two captain , eyeing one another . the pirate watch ... phillip none of we be gonna get out of here alive . you know that . musi why ? ' Cause of navy ? do not worry , irish . they not gonna hurt I . I work for that guy . phillip be that right ? musi oh yeah . this be a training mission . we take ship , see how the navy do . you company hire we . navy guy and I , we be friend ! crazy bastard . he point at the bainbridge , brightly light , a half mile away , then chuckle . Phillips study he ... musi ( cont 'd ) we offer they beer ! no american say no to beer ! beer and tv . lazy , lazy . we be somali Marines , we be 24 / 7 . we can do anything . najee pick up the three - color rope , consult with elmi about it in somali . clearly , it have great meaning to they . phillip that 's for I . be not it . ( musi grin ) the rope . be it for I ? musi look to he man : do I tell he ? a beat , then ... musi yah , it 's for you , irish . but you can not touch it . you hand be lalil . unclean. ( relishing this ) it 's what we tie you up with before we kill you . so you soul never leave this water . Phillips digest that . musi grin , pleased . musi ( cont 'd ) you have to pee , right ? so pee ! pee , irish ! the pirate laugh . Phillips eye they , defiant . you will not break I ... and he begin to pee , darken he pants . the pirate start whooping , celebrate , as : ext . phillip ' home - back patio - resuming andrea remain alone out here ... until : amber ( 0.s. ) andrea ? amber , andrea 's oldest friend , step on to the patio . andrea who 's be call ? amber Matt lauer , Katie couric , Diane sawyer , Senator Kennedy , Senator Leahy . but we do not want to interrupt you ... andrea you could have interrupt I for Matt lauer . amber breathes out a smile , then drop a bomb : amber honey , there be two people from maersk here . andrea see they now , through the patio door : two corporate type , a man and_a woman , just get here . stand out like sore thumb in a room full of friend and family . she tighten . maybe they be here to deliver bad news . amber seem to think so too . she lead andrea into : int . phillip ' home - live room - continuing the room be suddenly silent , all eye on the suit : allison mccall ( blonde , pretty , like she Black Berry ) and jonathan henson ( 35 , solid ) . they approach andrea , who gulp ... allison hi , andrea . I be allison mccall . this be Jonathan henson . we be from maersk . andrea okay . brace herself . everyone in the room do the same ... allison I be go to be manage anything media-related for you . Jonathan 's go to be liaise with the Defense Department , so you will be get steady and real - time information . okay . she 's not here to deliver devastating news . everyone relax . a sister- in - law , nancy , extend a phone as : nancy um . I have the Governor on the phone . he want to know if there 's anything he can do . allison yes . he can send over some State trooper to move all the reporter off the road out there . they be cause a traffic hazard . Nancy pause . be I actually suppose to say that ? andrea I will be with he in a second , Nancy . Nancy nod , relieved . andrea study allison , wary . andrea ( cont 'd ) I appreciate you be here , allison . but it 's really not necessary . I know how thing go . maersk get they ship back , and all of they cargo , and most of the crew . that 's a pretty good result . and sometimes one man get sacrifice for the good of other . that 's the sea . allison Mrs. Phillips , maersk be not go to let anything happen to you husband . andrea I see . then how much be they willing to spend to save he ? wham . that catch allison flush . andrea close she eye : andrea ( cont 'd ) Richard , you have to save yourself . int . lifeboat - night a jolt : Phillips be yank out of a _ seat by musi - suddenly , urgently . rage in musi 's eye . something 's infuriate he : musi I want you to know something . we be all fisherman once . other country come and overfish we water , dump all they trash here - no somali government to stop they . so there 's no more fishing . a few foot away , najee and elmi pull a orange survival suit from a bin , and begin to spread it on the floor . odd ... phillip what 's the survival suit for ? 10 . musi we be fisherman ! phillip what 's it for ?! musi if you body touch the floor , it make the whole boat unclean . oh. musi load a 9 mm handgun , hand it to bilal . the pirate drop to they knee to pray for Allah 's bless . game over ; Phillips know it . and he can only utter a single word : phillip andrea ... he shut he eye . we smash to black - and ... Super : " eight day earlier . " fade up again : on Phillips , when the world be still sane . int . phillip home - master bedroom - early morning Phillips be home . in bed . study andrea 's face as she sleep - try to sear the image of she into he memory . he know he will not be see that face again for a while . this be they bedroom : a four-poster bed , a crucifix on the wall , timber ceiling overhead . messy and warm , with vermont outside the window - a snowy pasture on a March morning . andrea awaken . Phillips be the first thing she see . phillip ( Barry White voice ) baby , when will you husband be home ? andrea blushes , grin . she love when he kid like that . then the grin 's go , that fast - because she just remember what today be . instead , sadness . resignation . this two love each other deeply . it make the goodby awful . andrea all pack ? Phillips nod . we CUT to ... a different kind of home : int . musi be hut - eyl , somalia - early morning musi awaken on a dirt floor in a stone hut . his wife , abdi , and they two kid sleep . he study they fondly . return to : 11 . int . phillip home - upstair —- resuming Phillips eye he daughter 's room . ( she 's away at school ) . every inch of wall space be fill with poster , bumper sticker , equestrian ribbon . they make he smile . then he son 's room . lot of clutter , photo of swimsuit model on the wall - and the kid himself , just awaken now . dan , a blow - up , 19 . Phillips be angere to see he here . phillip think you be drive back to school this morning . dan yeah . woke up with a sore throat . phillip ( hate be lie to ) uh-huh . what time would you get in last night ? dan it be not late . phillip have to be after midnight - ' cause I be still up and you be not here . dan you really gonna interrogate I , dad ? phillip oh . I be sorry . be you still sleepy ? ( no reply ) it 's really simple , Dan . you go to school . class . that 's you job . you be either do it or you be not . dan dad , you wanna boss people around ? do it_on the boat , okay ? Jesus . that fast . silence hang ... phillip you drive back , or be not you ? dan obviously . phillip good . and check in on you mom while I be go . he hhh ok * + HH % 12 . dan * I know the drill . * lot of distance here . it make they both uneasy . * ext . phillip home - patio - same * andrea broom snow off the patio , bump she head on the old * ship' bell hang here . damn . she hate that bell . she see * Phillips descend the stair , irritate , bag in hand . * int . musi be hut - eyl , somalia - resuming musi 's " belonging " lie in a corner , discard collect over the year : someone 's sun -glasses , a chip coffee mug , a book . he step into some ratty sandal . * on a stone wall be a sliver of a mirror , too small to reflect he whole face . he eye a portion of he own reflection . * ext . phillip home - driveway - moment later * Toyota minivan . andrea get in . Phillips beside she . andrea I be gonna take down that bell . phillip please do not . it have sentimental -- andrea I keep bang my head on it . phillip I will raise it , soon as I be back . andrea in July . phillip in July . not a happy reality . he take she hand . it help a little . she pull out of the driveway . Phillips look up : there 's Dan , glance down from he bedroom window . Father and son exchange look . that 's it . * andrea he stay over so he could see you off this morning . phillip I do not like he to miss class . 13. departure day be always tense . and edgy . we return to : int . musi be hut - eyl , somalia - resuming abdi hand musi a gift , a homemade bracelet of red cloth . he smile , take it , kiss she . then he go ... int . underhill , vt . - general store - morning underhill be snowy pasture , the local cemetery , a handmade sign for fresh egg , St. Thomas ' Church . and a general store . it 's run by mike willard , ( 60 , former merchant mariner ) , who grin as Phillips make he usual pre-trip purchase : 15 pound of " 8 o'clock coffee " bean , in bag . mike willard where ya bound on this one ? phillip salalah , djibouti , mombasa - deliver handshake food . mike willard that 's a good run . andrea tighten . no , it 's not a good run . not lately . and willard know the tension well . mike willard ( cont 'd ) you boy gonna work for I over the summer again ? phillip maybe sooner than that , he keep screwin ' around . ( willard smile fondly ) can I get a receipt ? ext . village - eyl , somalia - morning musi emerge from he hut ... into a wasteland : eyl , Somalia . no road , no power or water . a goat amble by , a old man with no hand sit , stare . musi walk past he . int . minivan / ext . burlington airport - curb - morning Airport . andrea pull up to the curb . Phillips pause . phillip you be not come in ? andrea I can not today . late for my shift . % +e * hf * % 14. phillip oh. okay . he let it go , get out . we stay with andrea - as Phillips * grab he stuff , then walk around to she side of the car - * just in time for she to blurt out : andrea two run a year , Richard . that be we deal . this be number three . be be away that great ? phillip you want the speech about college tuition and mortgage again ? andrea I just want you home . Phillips know that . he sigh , look up at the sky . phillip I will be right up there , like always . right ? ( she half - nod ) I love you . he lean in . she pull he close , urgently , shut she eye tight . then she guard go up again . end of hug . he smile . phillip ( cont 'd ) ( Barry White voice again ) thanks , baby . see ya next time I be in town . she almost laugh . almost . one last look , then he go , * vanish into the terminal . on andrea 's face we CUT to : * ext . beach - eyl , somalia - morning * musi cross a wind - whipped beach . no commerce here , no hope , * just overturn boat . to he right be what use to be a fish factory - abandon now , rotting . musi continue on ... * * ext . port - salalah , oman - day Phillips emerge from a car in the port of salalah , oman . this place be booming - ship everywhere , big one ... but all Phillips can see be the maersk Alabama , ugly and immense . * huge crane fill she hold with dumpster - size container . ( she can carry 1,092 of they , but on this trip she will only be carry 400 . ) she bear no flag of nationality . 15 . Phillips be instantly in Captain -mode : scrutinize how the crane be operate , how the ship 's crew be move ... then : murphy ( 0.s. ) good to see you , cap . Shane Murphy , the Chief mate . this two respect one another . phillip you too , Shane . how 's she look ? ext . eyl , somalia - old harbor - dock - morning * * we find a beat trawler with ten men aboard it : black , lean , hungry . at they foot : AK - 47' , side - arm , ammunition . this man be pirate . this trawler be they mother -ship . * * * it have two skiff tie to its stern : motorboat . not much for amenity , but fast . the rest of this harbor be empty ... * musi walk a rickety dock , approach the pirate-trawler . three crew-members see he come . they stand at attention . bilal . elmi . najee . musi nod to they and board the trawler . ext . maersk - MAIN deck - in port - day Phillips walk the length of the maersk , eyeing everything . he wear a blue polo shirt , khakis , steel - to boot . behind he be the ship 's " House " , seven-story tall , home to * crew quarter , hospital , mess , engine , the Bridge ... * before he be the ship 's massive hold , home to all that container , ( several mark world food programme . ) another one 's be load in . Shane Murphy approach . murphy seventeen ton of grain , wheat , and peas , bound for kenya . ( Phillips nod ) beat haul toyotas from yokohama to Seattle , right ? God , that 's a shitty run . phillip voyage plan 's get we sailing three * hundred mile off -shore . that 's two * extra day . * murphy lotta bulletin comin ' in about pirate last couple week , cap . Crew 's kinda edgy about it . * 16 . phillip * yeah ? then why 's security so lax * around here ? ( Murphy shrug ) engine door , Bridge door , cargo scuttle - all of them wide open . I want ‘em secure . even in port . Murphy nod . Phillips eye the pirate cage ( weld bar ) that be suppose to be protect the step rise up seven storey from here to the Bridge . they be unlock . phillip ( cont 'd ) pirate cage unlock . what kinda crew be you hand I ? whoops . that be say just _as two crew-members walk by : " ATM " * raiza ( 26 , black ) and colin wright ( 30 , southerner ) . they * just decide the new Captain be a asshole . that fast . * at '' cap. phillip Nice to meet you . off they go , unimpress . Murphy wait ' till they be go . murphy they be okay . the Captain take he foot off the gas , last few day . phillip I be puttin ' it back on . spread the word . murphy cap , go easy . they lose a guy last week , outside djibouti . phillip lose he how ? murphy deck machinist , twenty - year vet . guy just opt out , middle of the night . Left a note in he cabin . " tell them I go for a swim . " that shit always spook a crew . phillip sorry , Shane - but I need ‘em un - spook . and sharp . you on it ? 17 . murphy yeah . phillip I guess I also need a new deck machinist . Murphy eye he , sober , then nod " on it . " ext . pirate trawler - eyl , somalia - harbor - day musi touch the bracelet he wife give he as we put to sea . the Captain of this trawler be a elder name hufan . he have a old map , a radio , and some cigarettes . int . maersk - bridge - in port - day the map in here be electronic . the radar screen have data scrolling across they . the radio be feed by satellite . we be 120 foot above the waterline , look out at the world through massive window . a bright , trouble - free day ... but there 's a tension hang , even before we have leave port . at the helm be ken quinn ( 2nd mate ) and ATM raiza ( whom Phillips piss off on deck ) . this be hushed : at '' I be just sayin ' , Coast Guard advisory say we should be six hundred mile off -shore . ken quinn you think a pirate trawler could not find a ship six hundred mile out ? Murphy , ten foot away , need to cut this off . so : murphy uh-oh . we be screw , fellas . the guy turn ... to see a sailor name durell ( 25 , black , fit ) who just step on to the bridge . durell freeze . .»+.as the guy in here study he , like pledge - Masters . murphy ( cont 'd ) this you first ship , kid ? you right outta merchant mariner school ? durell yes . * +e hf % 18. murphy aw , jeez . we get a fng , boy . ken quinn friggin ' New guy . murphy do not they teach you it 's bad luck to walk on to the Bridge leave - foot first ? durell 's eye go wide . Murphy look so serious . they all do . durell no ...? murphy write this down , Rook . full moon and dolphin - good luck . Priests , redhead , fresh flower , and walk on to the Bridge leave - foot first , bad luck . brutal . now go back out and do it again . durell freeze again . really ? he start to back out ... .».- when ATM and quinn start laugh , big -time , which tell durell it 's all a gag . he take it pretty well . more laugh . then Phillips enter - and thing tighten . the laugh get choke back . he 's the boss . and not big on goof off . murphy cap , this be durell , new a.b. phillip welcome to the sacred fraternity of merchant mariner , trucker of the ocean . Shane will teach you the fight song later . we all set , fellas ? murphy / ken quinn / ATM yes sir . Phillips nod , head for the coffee-maker . ken quinn hey , cap . I never be on this run before . be the port any good ? murphy askin ' the wrong guy , Kenny . cap never leave the ship . do not matter where we put in , he stay on board . 19 . ken quinn that right , cap ? phillip I be marry and I be cheap . what be I gonna do on shore ? the guy laugh . Phillips grab a print e-mail from " the Office of Naval Intelligence . " subject : " pirate activity on the East African Coast . " he eye it soberly , as : phillip ( cont 'd ) okay then . Dead slow ahead . ken quinn Dead slow ahead . quinn push the engine order telegraph ( throttle ) , and : ext . maersk - from the water - continuing the maersk Alabama put out to sea ... slow but muscular . int . maersk - bridge - resuming Phillips move to a computer - send off a quick e-mail : " we be underway , honey . I will be see you in the star . " .»+.as Murphy eye that bulletin from Naval Intel - about the surge in piracy off the East Africa coast ... ext . indian ocean - pirate trawler - moving - evening hufan 's man eat stale cracker while he monitor he radio . musi be thumbing through a weather - wear english dictionary , memorize word by the glow of a flashlight ... until he suddenly toss the book overboard with disdain . splash . bilal ( somali , subtitled ) why you do that ? all the ship we board , no captain ever speak somali . musi ( somali , subtitled ) everybody speak AK - 47 , bilal . ext . maersk - MAIN deck - stern - at sea — morning a blaze hot day . Phillips walk the length of the ship again - he daily inspection tour - when he see something : suspend above b-deck - right where it should be - be that fiberglass lifeboat . 28 foot long , enclose , look like a orange submarine , sit on skid at a 45 - degree angle . * * 20 . but ten foot below it , sit on overturn bucket , be two member of he crew : del and dave , old salt , each over 60 and overweight , smoking marlboros . Phillips pause , instantly irritate . phillip enjoy you break , fellas ? they eye he without alarm . or chagrin . del sorry , cap . I get a slip disc . phillip oh. ( at Dave : ) how're you disc ? ( Dave shrug ) get to work . Christ . be not you guy suppose to be clean the lifeboat ? and there 's no smoking on deck . Del and Dave put they cig out and rise , grab a hose . phillip ( cont 'd ) no . not a hose . get up in a harness and soogee it , with a Turk 's head . del really ? phillip yep . hosin ' it be not the same thing . they eye the lifeboat , suspend above they . hanging up there in a harness sound like a hassle . Phillips turn to go . dave hey , cap. ( Phillips turn back ) we be spittin ' distance of the somali coast - get pirate takin ' down ship right and leave . how 's cleanin ' a lifeboat gonna help anything ? Phillips can debate the point , or walk away . he walk away . phillip just get it do . int . maersk - mess deck - mess - later morning Murphy and Ken quinn , eat . Phillips enter , irritate . he hhh HH of * * 21 . phillip get some confuse sailor on board , Shane . they seem to think my name 's maersk . I be just the Captain . murphy you need I to tune somebody up , cap ? Phillips be about to reply when he see another bulletin on the table : " worldwide threat to ship " . ... it 's sit in front of Ken quinn . clearly , he and Murphy have be discuss it . 23 pirate attack report off of East Africa in a single week . now Phillips be really irritate - because a bulletin like this should not be loose on the ship . he grab it . phillip no . I want you to show we crew a goddamn map . he gesture to a map on the wall . phillip ( cont 'd ) here 's Somalia . here 's mombasa . here 's djibouti . here 's we . Coast Guard advisory say we should be six hundred mile off -shore . great , except you can not be six hundred mile away from Somalia if you be go to mombasa , because mombasa be sixty mile from the somali border . you can go a thousand mile straight out , but you still gotta come back into range , because that 's we destination . and by the way , this guy have hit ship twelve- hundred mile off shore , just like they have hit ship that be at anchor in port . this be the water we be sailing . okay ? Murphy nod . quinn too . Phillips seem calmer now . murphy understood . phillip good . we be run a security drill today . unannounce . murphy great ! I love unannounced drill . * % he hhh hf hhh hhh HH hhh * * 22 . phillip in five minute . murphy ' Kay . I wanna start out with -- phillip do not tell I what you be go to do . let 's just see how we perform . int . maersk - bridge - 9 a.m. Colin wright be at the helm . beside he be ATM and a 70 year - old crew - member name marv , ( white , pleasant , but useless . ) Phillips enter ... and lean in to wright , calmly : * * phillip it 's Colin , yeah ? wright yes , cap. Colin wright . phillip there 's a boat on we starboard side , Colin . two man with weapon , act hostile . wright turn . marv freeze . wright ohhhhkay . phillip you have to do something about that - right ? wright be this a drill , cap ? Phillips just stare : " show I something . " wright ring the general alarm , which sound throughout the ship . loud . phillip not the general alarm . we hit the whistle first - to let the pirate know you be aware of they and be ready to defend the ship . wright nod , sound a whistle ( audible five mile away ) . phillip ( cont 'd ) now the General alarm . long-short , long-short . 23. done . ATM take the helm . marv still have not move . phillip ( cont 'd ) you be ...? marv I be marv , cap . phillip get pirate approach , marv . hit the fire pump . there be two FIRE - pump light on a console . one red , one green . marv hit the red one and move away . phillip ( cont 'd ) Red mean off . we need it on . marv get it . ATM reach over he , hit the green button ... but : at '' the pump be not work , cap . no water pressure . phillip okay . fix it . marv , go secure the three bridge door . marv get it . marv scurries off . Phillips watch he go ... int . maersk - engine room - same guy file in , without urgency . it 's just a drill . int . maersk - lifeboat - same whistles and alarm ring , but Del and Dave have not move . del Nice . can we go now ? dave I be almost do . relax . what 's Dave do ? use a key to scratch a caricature of Phillips , and the word " philip be a shit " , into a hatch door . a few last touch , then : 24 . dave ( cont 'd ) there . now we can go . int . maersk - a-deck - passageway - moment later Phillips emerge from a stairwell : crew-members move past , some with key jangling on they belt . there be door leave unsecure . not good . he spot a steward , amble by : phillip what 's the non-duress password ? steward mister Jones . phillip no . that 's the secret Security alarm code . non-duress be " suppertime . " steward suppertime . get it . this be not go well . int . maersk - bridge - resuming Murphy appear on the Bridge . feeling some heat . murphy have we switch the radio to vhf ? wright on it . just then - marv return , wind . murphy where you be , marv ? marv Captain send I to close the door . murphy oh. which door do you close ? marv every door on every level . murphy do they have lock on they , this door ? marv yeah . marv go . 25 . murphy but you be just close they . not lock they . secure they . * marv um .... no. just close . murphy which would not do much good if we be under attack . would it ? marv no . I guess not . wright I have go over this with he six or seven time . murphy okay , marv . get to you muster point . ( marv 's a blank ) the ship 's Office . go. «+ '' just as Phillips return to the bridge . phillip * we be in search of excellence - but * oh we will accept so much less . * murphy * how 's it look down there ? phillip like monkey try to hump a football . get watertight door open on the Main engine level ; they should all be secure , with deadbolt . guy run around with key-chain on they hip . one set would give a pirate access to every room on the ship . that be in the night order . do we get the pump fix ? murphy yeah . that 's do . phillip okay . let 's shut this down and bring everyone into the ship 's Office for a critique . five minute . murphy ' Kay . sorry about the screw-up . 26 . phillip do not be sorry . be angry . they will jump higher . Murphy nod , shut off the alarm . Phillips turn away . ...- when something catch he eye . three blip - come from the 10 - cm radar screen . odd . he stop . leans in . the blip indicate three SMALL vessel , seven mile astern . they be move in on we . fast . just like they would if this be the real thing . hmmm .. Phillips grab a pair of binoculars and head outside , to : ext . maersk - port side bridge wing - continuing he look through the binocular , to find : phillip ' Pov - across water - continuing two motorboat pound through four -foot swell at 21 knot , right at_us . a trawler behind they . we can not see face yet ... but they certainly be move like pirate would . Real one . ext . maersk - port side bridge wing - resuming Phillips lower the binocular . collect himself . returns to : int . maersk - bridge - continuing he move to the engine order telegraph , lean on it a bit . a gage tell we he rpm 's just shot up to 122 revs . the ship surge forward . the man notice . he look to Murphy : phillip call down to the engine room . tell ‘em to let I know if anything go red . I be increase we speed . murphy cap ? we still in the drill ? Phillips be already at a phone , dial . two ring , then : ukmto operator ( thru phone ) United Kingdom maritime Trade Operations . phillip ( into phone ) this be the maersk Alabama - position be two - degree - two north by forty - nine- degree - nineteen east . course be ( more ) 27 . phillip ( into phone ) ( cont would ) one hundred eighty , and speed at seventeen knot . we have two skiff approach at five-point - five mile , with a possible mother ship behind they . potential piracy situation . that get everyone 's attention . but it 's still a drill . right ? ukmto operator ( thru phone ) it 's probably just fisherman . but you should get you crew together and get you fire-hoses ready . and you may want to get the ship lock up . phillip ( into phone ) we understand that , thank you . will keep you post . murphy cap ? Phillips hang up . the man await a answer ... phillip Three boat . this be not a drill . oh . he dial another number . hear a ring . then two . murphy never hear of a attack in the middle of the day , cap . visibility 's too good . phillip they be not here to fish . ( hand he the phone ) take this . I be try to reach the U.S. maritime emergency line . Murphy take the phone . Phillips return to the Bridge wing : ext . port side bridge wing - resuming another look through the binocular . more detailed now : the skiff be get closer , despite the four-foot swell . somalis . with AK - 47' . ( musi and he crew aboard one ; a pirate name asad and he crew on the other . ) in other word : a actual attack , real pirate , come at we now . int . maersk - bridge - moment later Phillips return - to find six sailor now stare at he : 28. Ken quinn , durell , and marv have join Murphy , wright , and ATM on the bridge . they look concerned . phillip Sea 's help we . they be get pound out there . but they be come . two skiff carry armed man . four mile out and close . Murphy lower the phone . murphy twelve ring . there 's nobody there . phillip Colin , sound the intruder alarm . wright hit the alarm . Phillips grab a p.a. mike : phillip ( into mike ) Captain speak . this be not a drill . all crew report back to you muster point . repeat , this be not a drill . Crew to the ship 's Office . Engineers to the engine room . lock up and seal in . now . ( lower mike ) Shane , let 's go to hand steering . Left fifteen . murphy Left fifteen ... ext . maersk - aft - below the waterline - continuing giant twin tillers move fifteen degree right , push the ship leave - and create a swell in its wake . ext . musi be skiff - moving - at sea - same musi 's skiff slam into a swell . he adjust he course . to he right , asad 's skiff do the same . Zeroing in ... int . maersk - bridge - resuming Phillips watch the radar screen . blip move in . phillip right fifteen . murphy right fifteen . the ship surge starboard . Phillips grab the ship 's radio : 29 . phillip ( into radio ) Chief , how we do on engine ? mike perry . we meet he already - eight day ago . perry ( thru radio ) we be good , cap . phillip ( into radio ) increase speed to 124 revs . perry ( thru radio ) no problem . Phillips push the engine order telegraph forward . murphy they be at three mile , cap . wright a lotta chop out there . do not they know there 's a lotta chop out there ? Phillips eye the radar again . we CUT to : int . musi be skiff - same musi bear down on the maersk , he face a stone . int . maersk - bridge - minute later ( morning ) Murphy look up from the radar . but Phillips already know : murphy two mile , cap . phillip send out a call to " War ship 237 . " I will pretend to get it . murphy huh ? phillip forget it . I will do it . he grab the radio , speak into it : phillip ( into radio ) warship 237 , Coalition warship 237 . this be maersk Alabama , come in . then he change he voice , pretend to be " warship 237 " : 30 . phillip ( into radio , cont 'd ) ( " warship voice " ) maersk Alabama , come in . this be Coalition warship 237 . ( normal voice : ) this be maersk Alabama . position be two - degree - two north by forty - nine - degree - eighteen east . course be one hundred eighty and speed at eighteen knot . request immediate assistance . we have two skiff approach and a mother ship trail behind . look to be pirate , heavily armed . ( " warship voice " ) Roger that , maersk Alabama . how many do you have aboard ? ( normal voice : ) Crew of twenty . no injury at this time . ( " warship voice " ) Roger that . we have a helicopter in the air . his eta to you position be approxiamately five minute . ( normal voice ) copy that , 237 . maersk out . he put the radio down . Murphy and quinn eye he . murphy I be pretty sure that be illegal . phillip so 's piracy ... ext . pirate trawler - same on the mother ship , hufan just hear that fake transmission . he eye the sky overhead for a chopper , as : ext . musi be skiff - moving - at sea - same crash ! musi 's skiff slam into a huge swell , almost upend . his crew be send sideways . musi rights himself . ... then notice that asad 's skiff be now peel off and head away . ( asad also hear that fake transmission , via handheld radio . ) musi 's crew -member look to he , wait . he press on , bear down on the maersk ... int . maersk - bridge - same Phillips be watch all this . Murphy 's at the radar . 31 . phillip this guy do not scare worth a damn , do he. ( into radio : ) Chief , you get you man secure ? perry ( thru radio ) we be good , cap . murphy they be at one mile now , cap . phillip hit the hose . ext . maersk - MAIN deck - stern - continuing five FIRE hose - one starboard , one port , three stern - fill quickly , each send 100 pound of water - pressure per square inch off the ship . it 's they only real line of defense ... ext . musi be skiff - moving - at sea - resuming musi 's get a six foot swell in front of he . his man brace themselves . he barrel right over it , then plummet ... Big drop . Big splash . the skiff 's engine stall . musi try to restart it . no luck . more swell be come . he look to the maersk - its hose shoot huge jets of water down ... int . maersk - bridge - resuming Phillips watch musi . Murphy watch the radar ... murphy holding at zero point nine , cap . phillip he start from too far out . they drop he too far out . through binocular again , we see musi , try in vain to be - start he engine . no use . the skiff be adrift ... phillip ( cont 'd ) he 's dead in the water . murphy / ken quinn Hell yeah ! awesome . see ya ! Phillips look through he binocular again . musi have binocular too . two captain , study one another - with a share sense that they will be see each other again . 32 . phillip we get lucky ... each Captain lower he binocular ... as we CUT to : int . maersk - a-deck - mess - night a silent game of trivial pursuit . Murphy , durell , ATM , Colin wright , Mike perry . guy try to distract themselves . but durell be kick all of they ass in the game ... wright you gotta be kid I . where would you pull " the Treaty of Paris " out of ? durell College . murphy hey , ya know that thing that could bring a ship bad luck ? guess what the worst one be ? the friggin ' New guy win Trivial Pursuit . seriously . durell sorry . int . maersk - e-deck - captain quarter - night spacious quarter . Phillips read a e-mail from andrea : " it snow again today . I keep think how much you love that . and every morning I wake up on you side of the bed . so I must be miss you . yes , definitely miss you . miss you voice . and I miss that great long letter you use to write to I when you be go . e-mail stink . Love you . andrea . " Phillips breathes out a smile , look out he window - a sky full of star . then he stop . just hear a banging noise . it 's outside he door . he open the door to investigate : int . maersk - e-deck - passageway - continuing here 's the source of the noise : marv. slump against a bulkhead , bottle in hand . very drunk . Phillips sigh . phillip marv . what be you do ? marv try to find my bunk . +e HH oh + fh hhh * % 33. phillip no . I mean on this ship . you should be home collect a pension and raise gardenias . marv and miss all this ? ( drunken amusement ) " be at sea be like go to jail with a chance of drown . " Mark twain . he gesture wildly , shatter he bottle . silence ... marv ( cont 'd ) be I do ? phillip yeah . you be do . you can not sail with I anymore . marv guess I will get another ship then . phillip you do that . Phillips turn to go ... but : marv by the way ... he name be Sam . phillip huh ? marv the deck machinist who opt out ... his name be Sam . four kid he send money home to , and a ex-wife . who take care of they now , huh ? ( Phillips be silent ) ship keep sailing , I know ; he be replaceable . but it woulda be nice if you would at least ask he name . marv turn to go - then stop , confuse . where be I go ? phillip b- deck . berth two . ya need a map ? int . maersk - a-deck - mess —- resuming the Trivial Pursuit game - the guy try to forget the day 's event ... then Phillips enter . he HH oh HH * * + HH fh HH hf * * 34 . and everyone tighten again . he note it . phillip who 's win ? ken quinn friggin ' New guy . phillip aw , jeez . do not they tell you that be bad luck ? tight laugh . Phillips grab a coffee ... the unease in here go unaddress ... until : at '' ya think they will try again , cap ? there it be . Phillips pause . the guy await a answer . phillip most likely , yeah . perry and , uh ... that gonna be the program again ? evasive maneuver ? phillip that 's the book . why ? perry I do not much like be outgun . phillip I neither . but they have weapon and we do not . so evasion 's all we get . perry then maybe we should have weapon . a few guy nod . clearly , it 's be discuss in here tonight . phillip sorry . the guy who own this ship disagree , and they sign the check . at '' I do not get that , cap . none of we do . phillip ship start carry gun , pirate be go to come back with mortar . we start carry depth charge , pirate be go to come back with ( more ) 35 . phillip ( cont would ) rocket -launcher . besides that , there be port on this run that will not allow a armed ship to dock . perry careful , cap . you be start to sound like a suit . at '' do have a corporate ring to it . Phillips look to Murphy , who look away : " can not help you . " phillip if the hose do not keep they away , we have get flare , pike , axe , hatchet . we can gel the deck or wire the stairway . murphy that 's bring a stick to a gunfight , cap . phillip hey , we get in a gunfight and lose , we could have twenty sailor kill or capture - huh ? you all know the order . if we be board , the crew get to they muster point and we go dark and cold . power off . light off . and we stay that way . we performance today be embarrassing . and by the way , the non-duress codeword be " suppertime . " half the crew still do not know it . unless you hear it , you stay sequester . no one on this crew be go to be take hostage . at '' somebody 's try to hijack a ship , it go against a sailor 's nature to run and hide . we be man , be not we ? this be not go anywhere good . Phillips read the face . .-- and decide to stop push the company line . phillip you guy wanna know the truth ? ( they be wait ) the truth be , I do not feel any better about the hose than you do . I wish we have machine gun . but I do not own this vessel . and I be not in the game . ( more ) * + HH HH 36 . phillip ( cont would ) ( that land ) you wanna change the rule ? buy a shipping line . until then , this be the job . we be here for the ship ; the ship be not here for we . anybody who can not accept that can deboard at mombasa . I will not think any less of you . silence . no one reply . but he just gain some respect ... phillip ( cont 'd ) let 's shut this down . it 's late . ( out the door ) we be still in apache country , so everyone stay vigilant . ext . maersk - from the water - night the maersk muscle through the water . all be calm ... ext . pirate trawler - on the water - moving - night the two skiff be tie to the trawler again . musi and asad stand before hufan , who look very displease ... then : hufan ( somali , subtitled ) the voice on that ship sound american . could be a lot of money . and we only have one skiff . ( musi and asad , wait - -) musi will take it . asad ( somali , subtitled ) why ? hufan ( somali , subtitled ) because he do not turn back . then - bam - hufan shove asad off the boat and into the sea . splash . no one move - everyone shocked , even musi - because the boat be pull away . asad call out to musi for help . musi be freeze , watch - as hufan go to the bridge and gun the engine . the trawler speed away , leave asad in the water . howling . a point just get make . and asad 's helpless cry grow more and more distant ... as : int . maersk - e-deck - captain quarter - 5:25 a.m. pre-dawn . Phillips sleep . then he eye snap open - right before he phone ring : + h HH hf * he hhh ok % 37 . phillip ( into phone ) yeah . wright ( thru phone ) better get up here , cap . they be back . int . maersk - bridge - 5:30 a.m. Colin wright and ATM be on watch . Phillips enter . «+. just as a voice become audible on the radio : hufan ( thru radio ) this be somali pirate ! somali pirate ! come to get you ! a pirate ? announce that he 's come ? very unusual . Phillips look to the radio ; it 's on Channel 16 . wright they be five mile out . Phillips grab he binocular ... and find the trawler , five mile astern , towing that two skiff ... but : hufan ( thru radio ) somali pirate ! come to get you ! ... as musi 's skiff cast off from the trawler , come at we . phillip let 's go to one hundred twenty revs . at '' one hundred twenty revs . phillip what 's we course ? at '' head two hundred thirty . phillip bring it over to one-eighty . at '' Left to one hundred eighty . a flick of the wrist , and the ship lurch leave . Phillips keep he eye on the trawler . .»+.- as Murphy arrive on the bridge . 38 . murphy we make a course correction , cap ? phillip find out where the bosun have he people . murphy what 's up ? phillip four point one mile astern . do twenty knot . Phillips gesture ... and Murphy get the picture : there 's musi 's skiff , barrel in on we over a calm , windless sea . phillip ( cont 'd ) call ukmto , tell ‘em this be not a drill . Movement , tension . Phillips grab the ship 's phone : phillip ( into phone ) Chief , we be in a piracy situation . I need you in the engine room with all you man . lock in and secure . ( a beat ) and , Chief . bring you Bible . this time you be gonna be there a while . he hang up , head for a cabinet , pull out a pyrotechnic BOX . eighteen flare in there . he grab ten of they . murphy ( be : radio ) he say call back when they be within a mile . phillip Christ . leave the line open so they can monitor what 's happen . sound the intruder alarm , and switch the radio to emergency band , Channel one . Murphy sound the intruder alarm . long-short , long-short . Phillips eye the console . we be do 16.8 knot . phillip ( cont 'd ) ATM , let 's start the fire-hoses and sound the general alarm . ATM hit the general alarm . Phillips approach wright with the flare . * 39 . phillip ( cont 'd ) take this and go out on the bridge wing . when they get within a mile you fire you first one . but I want you to cease fire if they get any closer than a couple hundred yard . murphy I can handle that , cap . phillip no . I want you below . get the crew out of the ship 's Office and into the after -steering room . it 's deeper inside the house . and make sure all the engineer be lock into the engine room . every man account for . murphy okay . phillip and Shane ? that include you . I do not wanna see you back up here . Murphy hate that ... but he nod , exit the Bridge . ext . maersk - MAIN deck - same the five FIRE -hose begin spraying ... ext . musi be skiff - on the water - moving - resuming musi 's skiff be do 21 knot . he shout at he man : musi ( somali , subtitled ) let they know you be here ! let they know you be somali marine ! ext . maersk - starboard side bridge - wing - same wright aim a flare at the skiff , a half - mile out , when : muzzle flash appear on the skiff . and just like that , we be be strafe by automatic gunfire . slap -slap-slap . bullet clang off the house and smokestack . wright hit the deck . .»+- as Phillips lean out of the bridge . phillip Colin ! get the hell in here ! wright I can hit them , cap ! 40 . phillip now ! wright hurry into : int . maersk - bridge - continuing ATM at the helm . Phillips grab the ship 's radio : phillip ( into radio ) Shots fire . Shots fire . they're a quarter mile out . Port side . a rain of bullet : pop - pop - pop . hitting various spot on the House . musi 's skiff revs up and come behind the ship . wright the hose be not gonna cut it . be they , cap ? phillip no. ( into radio : ) Shane , you get everybody secure ? on Phillips , we pull back , through the window of the bridge : .+- while tracking right and dropping down , outside the " house " ... until Phillips be out of frame , and : ext . maersk - outside bridge - continuous shot we move down and across the entire House , pushing through its steel shell , revealing the innard of : E - deck , then down through D - deck , C - deck , b-deck ... each empty , just unmanned quarter . continue moving down , into : a - deck , where we find the mess , and the Hospital Bay . then the MAIN deck . there 's the ship 's Office , also empty . we keep descend , through the waterline , plunging in and down , until we reach : int . maersk - after -steering room —- continuing a storage room , 60 - by - 20 . huge bundle of rope in coil . and barrel of grease , oil , clean fluid . Murphy guide ten crew-members in , hurriedly . we recognize Ken quinn , durell . Murphy corral they : 41 . murphy in , in , in ! let 's go ! everybody in ! Ken , get I a headcount . ( into radio : ) Chief . you man all account for ? we blow through a steel door - same continuous shot - to : int . maersk - engine room - continuing the engine room be three storey deep , 130 foot long , wide as the ship . massive diesel engine , huge boiler , all run from : int . maersk - engine control room - continuing a nerve center . row of upright machine and monitor . Chief engineer Mike perry and he man be all here : the 1st engineer , 2nd eng . , 3rd eng. , oiler , and deck machinist . perry ( into radio ) we be in and secure . bible in hand , perry shut the door . we end shot , and CUT to : ext . maersk - port side bridge - wing - same the skiff be now just 100 foot away , on we port side . and Phillips be now on the bridge - wing , fire flare at it . ext . musi be skiff - on the water - moving - same two flare miss , fall harmlessly into the water . bilal sit cross -legge in the front of the skiff , grab he AK , aim right at we , and : ext . maersk - port side bridge - wing - resuming pop pop pop . bullet pucker the wind - dodger ( a metal hood , there to deflect wind off the bridge ) over Phillips ' head . he duck down . then pop back up again . phillip c'mon , baby . find a gas tank . he fire the flare , but : ext . musi be skiff - on the water - moving - resuming the flare miss . now elmi , also cross -legge , be fire too . 42 . ext . maersk - port side bridge - wing - resuming gunfire - a torrent of popping sound around Phillips . and he 's out of flare . he run back into : int . maersk - bridge - resuming Phillips , holler : phillip Fifteen leave ! at '' Fifteen leave . ext . maersk - at the waterline - continuing the ship surge leave , away from the skiff . .-- but the skiff have find a spot amidship that be not protect by the fire-hoses . musi bear in ... int . maersk - bridge - resuming Phillips look to the gps . we be do 18.3 knot . phillip Fifteen right ! at '' Fifteen right . ext . maersk - at the waterline - amidship - continuing the ship swerve right into the skiff . but musi steady it . again , there 's no fire-hose cover this spot . int . maersk - bridge - continuing Phillips , scramble . phillip I need a rifle . we should have goddamn rifle ! Fifteen leave . at '' Fifteen leave . and yes we should . ext . musi be skiff - at the waterline amidship - same najee unfold and extend a ladder straight up . damn thing be twenty foot long , Home Depot quality , with grappling hook : 43 . intercut with / ext . maersk - port side deck - continuing the grappling hook wrap snugly around the fishplate ( solid metal , six inch high ) on the deck of the maersk . musi grab the ladder while move at 18 knot . he jump from . * the speed skiff to the ladder , climb ... int . maersk - bridge - resuming Phillips grab ATM , push he down , literally , to the floor . phillip stay there . ATM do not argue . he will steer the boat from down here . Phillips grab the rest of the flare , head out to : ext . maersk - port side bridge - wing - continuing ... where he see what he do not want to see : ext . maersk - MAIN deck - amidship - continuing musi be aboard . running across the maersk 's deck ... ext . maersk - port side bridge - wing - resuming Phillips fire two more flare ... they skitter off the deck and into the sea as elmi also board the maersk . phillip ( into radio ) two pirate have board . two pirate aboard now , amidship . oddest thing . elmi sit cross -legge on the deck , just like before , and start fire he AK , right at we . pop - pop - pop . the wind - dodger pucker a inch from Phillips ' face . he duck down . pop up again , fire wildly . more gunfire drive he down again . then : a hand , grab he . it 's ATM , pull he away . at '' get inside , cap ! they be gonna kill you ! phillip goddammit I tell you to stay down ! on the bridge ! but more gunfire strafe they . shit . they crawl back to : 44 , int . maersk - bridge —- continuing gunfire nick the bridge window . ( they be bulletproof ) . wright be try to stay calm . it 's a effort . wright whadda we do , cap ? phillip you two get to the after -steering room with the rest of the crew . ( they eye he : huh ? ) go. both of you . I have the bridge . at '' sorry , cap . wright can not do that , cap . they be not move . Phillips be not surprised . we CUT to : ext . maersk - deck - base of the house - moment later all that stand between musi and the bridge be seven flight of step - protect by that steel " pirate cage " . he nod to elmi , who shoot the lock off the cage . the cage swing harmlessly to the side . easy . they begin to climb . int . maersk —- bridge —- resuming Phillips know they be come . damn it . he grab the radio . ( note : it will stay on he hip for the next 12 hour . ) phillip ( into radio ) this be the Captain . listen up . intercut with / int . maersk - engine control room - same perry and he Engineers come to a stop . and one room over : intercut with / int . maersk - after -steering room - same Murphy and the rest of the crew do the same , listen . phillip ( radio , cont 'd ) we be about to lose the bridge . Chief , you now have control of the ship . Shane , the man be under you command . I have get Colin and ATM on the bridge with I ; I be go to get they to safety as soon as I can . everyone else account for ? 45 . perry ( into radio ) yes , cap . murphy ( into radio ) uh , no cap . we do not have a twenty on marv . Phillips sigh - but have to keep go : phillip ( into radio ) okay . you know the plan . we counteract everything they want to do . they wanna take this ship back to Somalia . that 's no good . so we go dark and cold . engine off , non - emergency power off . they can not do much with a dead ship . they wanna take a bunch of hostage . also no good . so every man stay out of sight . no one come out until you have hear the all - clear from I , with the non-duress password . intercut with / ext . maersk - superstructure - step - same musi and elmi , climb fast toward the Bridge ... int . maersk - bridge - resuming Phillips can feel they come . and he hate to say this , but : phillip ( into radio ) I be gonna do everything I can to make sure this do not happen - but if they find you , and capture you , here 's what you need to remember : that land on the face of Murphy and the crew ... and - in the next room - perry , and all the Engineers , as : ext . maersk - superstructure - step - same musi and elmi , near the top ... int . maersk - bridge - resuming Phillips , keep it calm and direct : phillip ( radio , cont 'd ) do what they tell you . try to appear helpful . you have get giveaway - use they : show they the ship 's safety equipment , or how to get fresh water . ( more ) 46 . phillip ( radio , cont 'd ) ( cont would ) make they feel they be in control while guide they away from the important stuff , like radar or the engine control . and never reveal the location of the rest of the crew . if you be draw into conversation with they , do not mention religion . nothing about Allah or Jesus or you faith be better than theirs . they may throw politics at you or tell you America be the worst country in the world . do not take the bait . you be not there to defend you nation 's honor . you be there to survive . the guy be listen . the pirate be climb ... phillip ( radio , cont 'd ) do not call attention to yourself . do not appear too confrontational or too meek . maintain you dignity . if you be scream at they or whimper in the corner , you give they a personal reason to put a bullet in you head . Murphy , durell , wright , perry ... hang on every word ... phillip ( radio , cont 'd ) last thing . a sense of humor help . unfortunately , none of you guy be funny - so try not to get capture . that break a bit of the tension . but just a bit . phillip ( radio , cont 'd ) we know the ship ; they do not . just keep look out for one another . we will be okay . he put down the radio . ATM and wright be silent . he grab a * jackknife off a table , pocket it ... * .»+ - as the sound of a AK - 47 , fire , spin we head around . the bridge - door open - elmi rush in , point that AK at we and shouting in somali like a guy on a meth-bender . instant chaos . ATM and wright drop to they knee , hand up . Phillips stand still . he have lose the bridge , officially . elmi shouting . ATM and wright scared witless . musi glide in - meeting Phillips for the first time now : 47. musi relax , Captain , relax . just business . no Al Qaeda . you stop the ship . Phillips nod . musi look the bridge over , note wright and ATM - shocked to find a black sailor here . musi ( cont 'd ) what nationality ? phillip I ? or the ship ? musi the ship . american , right ? phillip yes . this be the maersk Alabama . that 's big news . musi nod , pleased . elmi whoops . musi okay . just business . stop the ship . Phillips nod , head toward the engine order telegraph , while quietly key he handheld radio and talk softly : phillip Bridge be compromise . Bridge be compromise . take the steering . int . maersk - engine control room - same perry and he Engineers just hear that . perry hit a switch that give he override of throttle and rudder command . int . maersk - after -steering room - same Murphy speak to he man ( and into he radio ) : murphy okay . you know what to do . kill the engine and all non-emergency power . int . maersk - bridge - resuming alarm be whooping . Phillips silence they . musi watch . musi no Al Qaeda , no Al Qaeda . we want money only . stop the ship . phillip okay , okay . it take a minute . 48. musi where 's you crew ? phillip I do not know . I be here with you . he move to the engine order telegraph . jiggles it . of course , it do not respond . musi be about to complain , when : ..- with a shudder , the thrum of the ship 's engine stop . then , that fast , the power goe out . console , screen , a /c . all dead . and we be adrift . musi look around . musi what be that ? phillip we shut the engine down too fast . ( pure bullshit ) there 's a check - down procedure . we rush it , knock out the grid . that piss musi off . meanwhile , the ship be drift with the current , almost in a circle . musi stop this circle ! straighten the ship out ! Phillips " try " , turn the wheel , to no effect . phillip we shut it all down too fast ! ship 's break , ship 's break . he point to the console , tap on the bow thruster and the rudder angle indicator . none of they respond . musi move . Phillips oblige . musi try the instrument , futilely , as : Phillips move to the radar . Three knob on it . he turn down the " gain " knob and turn up the " anti-rain " and " anti-sea - clutter " knob . then he move toward the vhf radio ... int . maersk - after -steering room - same emergency lighting down here - but Murphy can see what Phillips be do on indicator relay from the Bridge . 49 . murphy attaboy , cap . ken quinn what 's he do ? murphy degrade the radar . and change the frequency on the radio so they will not be able to contact they mother ship . the man like it . but they be get warm in here . no a/c ... int . maersk - bridge - resuming bilal and najee arrive on the bridge now . shout , point they AK 's . musi smile . musi this guy be somali pirate ! crazy . I be just interpreter . ( no reply from Phillips ) dangerous guy ! they will kill you ! ATM and wright keep they hand up and they head down . musi order bilal and najee to take position by the bridge door . musi ( cont 'd ) call you crew . I want they up here ! phillip okay . Phillips move to the p.a. mike : phillip ( into mike ) all crew , all crew . Pirates want you to report to the bridge . repeat , pirate want you on the bridge . int . maersk - after -steering room - resuming semi-darkness down here . and heat . Murphy eye the man . murphy until you hear the word suppertime , we do not move . int . maersk —- bridge —- resuming elmi poke at wright and ATM with he AK . Phillips step in : 50 . phillip hey , do you guy want some water ? or some cigarettes ? I get a couple carton here . musi cigarettes . Phillips head for a cabinet , grab a few carton . phillip ATM , grab some soda for this guy , all right ? at™ sure , cap . Phillips hand pack of cigarettes to musi and he man . ATM grab a few soda , offer they to the pirate . elmi ignore he , start rifling through cabinet . phillip hungry ? ( elmi grunt ) you be in luck . we have get seventeen ton of wheat and peas in the hold . it be intend to feed most of kenya , but what the hell - go to town . elmi do not like that . Phillips sit beside wright . wright ( quietly ) cap , how much ya get in you safe ? phillip less than they want . wright but a couple grand , right ? maybe we give it to them and they go away . phillip it 's a U.S. ship , Colin . they be think million - not thirty grand . wright how do you know ? Phillips just know . meanwhile musi lean over the radio , try to re- set it , careful not to let he frustration show . 51 . musi what 's you tribe , Captain ? phillip I be a american . musi not you nationality . you tribe . phillip I do not have a tribe . I tell you . I be a american . musi you people . you tribe . phillip oh . I guess I be yankee irish . musi I be a somali Marine . a real sailor . the ship be still drift in a circle . and musi just erupt : musi ( cont 'd ) where be you crew , irish ? phillip I do not know . I be here with you . musi get they up here now ! if not , this crazy - guy kill you ! bilal and najee jump as if they would be plugge into a socket : shouting again , point the AK 's : bilal / najee down ! down ! ATM and wright drop they head , the AK 's press inch away from they now . thing just ramped up in a hurry . musi you want to die ! two minute , they kill you ! they kill you man ! phillip take it easy . I be do my best . najee Minute thirty now ! 52 . musi I tell you ! bad guy ! bad guy ! wright look to Phillips , who move again to the p.a. mike . all he have to say be " suppertime " and the crew will oblige ... phillip ( into mike ) all crew , all crew . Pirates want you on the bridge now . report to the bridge immediately . najee one minute ! we kill everyone ! phillip can you back you man off , please ? before someone get shot ? musi get they up here right now ! wright , terrify , look to Phillips - plead ... phillip ( into mike ) Pirates want you on the bridge , right now . najee thirty second ! you hear I ! thirty second and you die ! int . maersk - after -steering room - same then man know to stay put . but it 's now 105 degree in here . Del , the old salt , be panting from heat stroke . int . maersk - bridge - resuming wright be about to burst . ATM too . najee Fifteen second ! musi dangerous pirate ! get you man ! phillip you just hear I call ‘em ! ATM and wright , each with gun at they head ... najee ten second ! 53 . musi call they again , irish ! phillip hey . you wanna shoot somebody , shoot I . I be the Captain . I be the Captain . he move in front of he man . elmi push he away , hard . Phillips fall . while he 's down , he key he handheld : phillip ( into hand - held ) if you do not hear from we in one minute , we be go . defend the ship . najee five second ! wright cap ? please !? najee we kill you all ! najee yell . elmi and bilal too . deafen . wright start yell out of sheer terror . ..- when a single unexpected sound pierce the air . a knock , at the bridge door . everything stop . every head turn . musi nod to Phillips : " go open it . " Phillips cross to the door , open it . sigh . ..- because it 's marv . of course . right where he should not be . Phillips can hardly believe it . marv cap ? phillip c'mon in , marv . you be dead . before marv can reply , elmi grab he by the collar and put he on the ground next to ATM and wright . but the crisis , oddly , have pass . musi eye Phillips : musi let 's go . we search the ship . phillip for what ? 54 . musi you crew . Phillips discreetly key he radio , so this will be broadcast : phillip you wanna search the ship ? good . I be eager to find that guy as you be . musi push Phillips to the door , nod to bilal . musi ( somali , subtitled ) you too . bring you gun . and that flashlight . int . maersk - after -steering room - same Murphy hear that . he head for a steel door . murphy everybody stay put . int . maersk —- bridge —- resuming so najee and elmi will be leave here with wright , ATM , and marv . Phillips pause at the door : phillip I want you assurance that my man will not be harme in any way . musi pause , breathes out a grin ... then say something to najee and elmi in somali . they nod . then : phillip ( cont 'd ) what would ya tell ‘em ? musi go. he nudge Phillips out the door . int . maersk - engine room - continuing emergency lighting . perry and he four men ( all in they 50' and 60' ) , be sweltering in here . Murphy enter . murphy do you hear that ? perry yeah . sound like two of them be come , and cap. 55 . murphy Way too much light down here ; they be gonna find we . we gotta shut down the emergency power . JOHN cronan that generator 's on the deck , Shane . that 's JOHN cronan , first engineer . in he 40th year at sea . murphy his order be we go dark and cold , right ? JOHN cronan yeah . when 's the " cold " part start ? murphy I be go for the e-pirb and some water . can you get to the generator ? perry probably . damn it . murphy gotta kill the plant , Chief . that 's the whole game now . int . maersk - e-deck - passageway - day Phillips lead musi and bilal into a 65 - foot-long passageway . when the door shut , we be in semi-darkness . every fourth light light . and we be adrift . it 's spooky , even for pirate . Phillips start talk . too loud . with he radio keyed : phillip this be e- deck . you just tell I which door you want open . musi all of they . int . maersk - superstructure - port stairwell - same Mike perry move quickly - but quietly - up stair . ahead of he be a door . he pause here ... then nudge it a inch : sunlight spill in ... int . maersk - e-deck - passageway - resuming Phillips , move loudly , radio keyed . come to a door . 56 . phillip this be the Chief 's quarter . ( open it ) listen , do not think too badly of my crew . they be good guy . I think they be just scared . musi bark at bilal to inspect the chief' quarter . musi somali Marines , you tell they to do something , they do it . nobody scared . ( eyeing another door ) they real sailor . phillip that 's just a safety locker . nobody in there . musi open it . Phillips open the door . it be , indeed , a safety locker . phillip I be not here to trick you . I wanna find them as much as you do . ext . maersk - MAIN deck - same Murphy emerge from a starboard stairwell on to the deck . Light sear he eye . he squint , do not see any pirate out here . just a exterior stairwell . he make a dash for it . int . maersk - e-deck - passageway - resuming Phillips , musi , bilal - search this passageway : phillip and this be my quarter . musi what 's that door ? phillip that 's a telephone booth . musi show I . ext . maersk - MAIN deck - same perry emerge from the port stairwell . his eye adjust . 57 . from here , he can see across the deck . 50 foot away be he target : the ship 's emergency generator . five foot tall , five foot long , ten foot wide . Green . but : straight above it , seven storey off the deck , be a grate metal walkway jutting off the Bridge . elmi_ be currently stand guard on it , meaning he can see from here straight through to the generator below . damn it . perry exhales , calculate the odd ... perry ( into radio ) I have get the generator in sight . int . maersk - e-deck - captain quarter - continuing musi enter Phillips ' quarter . he can not help but react . the place feel palatial to he . a large room , sunlit by big window . with a office and a satellite office jutting off it . he begin to drift through , take it all in . phillip Standard Captain 's quarter . then we can drop down to D - deck . musi pause . before he be a mirror . might be the biggest one musi 's ever see . he eye he own reflection as if he would never see he whole face before . a odd , private moment . then he notice picture - of andrea , and Dan , and Phillips ' daughter mariah . musi react ; Phillips catch it . phillip ( cont 'd ) you have a family ? musi half - nod , look at the picture of Dan ... phillip ( cont 'd ) when he be a boy and I have to go to sea , he would stand in front of the door to keep I from leave . he still kid I about it : " my father never love I . he would rather be on a ship somewhere . " I think I be gonna tell he not to joke like that anymore . musi my son say it too . that hover . they eye one another . 58 . phillip what 's he name ? musi ghedi . phillip he gonna be a pirate too ? musi if he live long enough . then musi head out . phillip there 's a stairwell right at the end of the passageway here ... ext . maersk - b-deck - stern - same Murphy reach the bulkhead beside that orange lifeboat . affix to the bulkhead by a bracket be a e-pirb ( emergency position - indicating Radio beacon ) a 406 mhz distress signal , red , look like a walkie-talkie , with a antenna . he yank it from its housing , activate it . it start to blink and beep . send out a signal ... as : int . noaa office - WASHINGTON D.C. - night National oceanic and atmospheric administration . night shift . a pup name flournoy rise from he monitor , head for a desk where dietz , he boss , be read a newspaper . flournoy boss , a call just come in from the sarsat desk in riyadh . they get a ping from a e-pirb off the coast of Somalia . dietz what kind of vessel ? flournoy american . the maersk Alabama . not a small piece of news . dietz grab a phone ... int . maersk - d-deck - passageway - continuing another 65 -foot-long corridor . Phillips , musi , bilal . +e hf ff % 59 . phillip D - deck . Crew quarter . ( be : a door ) that 's a closet . musi open it . Phillips open the door . just a closet . musi eye he ... phillip where would you learn you English ? musi open that one . Phillips nod , open another door - revealing : int . maersk - d-deck - mate quarter - continuing ATM raiza 's room . there 's a prayer rug on the floor . and a arrow on a desk , point to " Mecca . " musi stop . bilal too . bilal Muslim ? musi throw a searing look at bilal : " quiet ! " bilal shrink . phillip I guess . ( off musi 's look : ) what , you think we be all irish ? ext . maersk - MAIN deck - resuming perry close he eye , grab the crucifix around he neck in heartfelt prayer , then start across the deck - racing for that emergency generator , directly below elmi . int . maersk - c-deck - passageway - day another corridor . Phillips , musi , bilal . phillip C - deck . more crew quarter . musi he the only Muslim in the crew ? phillip I do not know . I do not get into anybody else 's business . 60 . musi you Christian ? phillip do it matter ? open door throughout , let bilal and musi inspect ... musi I be Christian ' till I be ten . yeah , you tell I what you be . phillip if you really need to know , I be sort of a half - ass Catholic . musi you child ? phillip my daughter 's kind of on the fence about church . if it start later in the morning and serve more wine , she would probably go . ( nod to a door ) that 's another closet . again , musi want it open . again Phillips comply . and again , it 's just a closet ... intercut with / ext . maersk - deck - resuming perry , run for that emergency generator ... intercut with / int . maersk - mess - deck - mess - same Murphy enter , set the blink e- pirb on a table , head into the kitchen ... int . maersk - c-deck - bosun be room - day musi search another small room , then stop : there 's a pair of new sandal lie here . he eye they . hmmmm . his sandal be old , ratty . but bilal have no sandal at all . musi take the new sandal for himself and shut the door without bilal know what he 's miss . but Phillips see ... ext . maersk - MAIN deck - same perry - unseen by elmi , seven storey above - get to the emergency generator . it have a lid , like a dumpster . 61 . perry open it . yank a fuel valve loose . then throw two switch ... and : int . maersk - mess - deck - corridor - same sudden blackness . the emergency power just shut off . ..- and we be in a windowless corridor . musi grab the flashlight from bilal , too quickly . it fall to the ground . musi what happen ? what happen ? phillip emergency generator must have fail . musi get to the flashlight . the beam hit Phillips ' face . the rest of the world be pitch - black . drifting , creak ... musi how come nothing work on this boat , irish ?! phillip bad luck , I guess . to they right be a door . we drift through it , to : int . maersk - mess - deck - mess - resuming Murphy be on the other side of that door , carry the E - pirb , jug of water , bag of food . now he freeze - as : phillip ( 0.s. ) Crew 's mess . this be where we eat . musi ( 0.s. ) show I . oh shit . Murphy move away as fast as he can . .»».as Phillips " fumble " he key , stalling ... then he open the mess - door and pause in the doorway . here 's why : the flashlight just hit something that should not be here : a lump on the mess -table , a blanket clumsily cover the water jug , food -bag ... and the e-pirb , which be blink . move fast , Phillips take the flashlight - as if to lead the way - start walk toward the kitchen . 62 . phillip you guy hungry ? get some melon in the fridge . you should take it , bring it back to you man . it 's just gonna spoil anyway . musi and bilal follow , leave the blanket behind . but : int . maersk - mess deck - kitchen - continuing Murphy himself be hide in this Kitchen ... huddle under a desk . Phillips spot the edge of Murphy 's shoe , stick out ... but he keep he poker face . in fact : he shine the flashlight on bilal 's bare foot - just inch away from the hide Murphy , who note they , as intend . Phillips open the fridge . of course , no light pop on . he pull out four big cantaloupe , and some juice - box . hand they to bilal , who have the AK in he hand . phillip ( be : AK ) want I to hold that for you ? bilal laugh . then get another sharp look from musi . phillip ( cont 'd ) I will find a bag . he grab a bag , put the melon in it . time to go . phillip ( cont 'd ) this lead to the Hospital . he start walk , in the darkness . musi follow . bilal too . Murphy , under that desk , finally breathes ... int . maersk - mess deck - hospital BAY - continuing Phillips lead they into the Hospital Bay . the flashlight beam reveal nothing . phillip ( cont 'd ) okay . where to next ? musi engine room . musi grab the flashlight back from Phillips . .»+ - as Murphy , under that desk , tighten . oh , no ... 63 . int . maersk - after -steering room - day 110 and pitch black . 65 year - old Del be barely breathe . the guy hear a tapped out knock on the door . durell open it . here 's perry . he hurry back in , wind . perry everybody okay ? durell Del 's in trouble , Chief . we gotta get he some air and water . perry soon. soon . just gotta hang in there . perry flip he radio on - just as : murphy ( thru radio ) Chief , it 's Shane . they be leave the Hospital Bay and come you way . break some glass outside the engine room door . one of them 's barefoot . perry ( into radio ) copy that . thanks , Shane . perry eye the man in here . they be fade fast ... int . maersk - MAIN deck - corridor - later day Phillips lead musi and bilal toward the engine room , well aware that he crew be in there somewhere . phillip hang on , lemme just find the engine room key . it 's hot down here ... musi all you man baby like you ? phillip my man be merchant mariner . that have a edge on it . they step toward the door ... when : .».. - we hear a crunching SOUND , and a groan from bilal ; he just step _on what we now see be broken glass , by the door . the kid wince in silence . musi eye he , then look to Phillips , " open the door . " Phillips oblige . they enter : 64 . int . maersk —- engine room - continuing a deep space . Phillips pause in the doorway . musi wave the flashlight . bilal be on one foot now , in searing pain ... . -- as we drift just on the other side of a door , to : intercut with / int . after - steering room - continuing 12 man , hide . durell attend to Del . they hear : musi ( 0.s. ) where all you engineer ? phillip ( 0.s. ) I dunno . they could be anywhere . durell look to perry , who quietly grab a jack -knife ... .+. as we return to Phillips and musi - walk ahead of bilal , who be too hobble to keep up . musi why they do not come when you call , irish ? they do not like you ? Phillips have not expect that . he pause . ..- while he man , on the other side of the door , listen in . phillip not much , no . I think they think I be a prick . that land - on the face of Phillips ' man ... musi what that word mean ? prick . phillip a guy who keep tell you what a horse 's ass you be ' cause he think it will make you work harder . musi then I be a prick . good ! ( Phillips almost laugh ) you treat sailor too nice , you get soft sailor . lazy , lazy . Captain have to be a prick . phillip no . he do not . it 's just a habit . 65 . musi if you keep them scared of you , maybe they sail better - then you do not have pirate take you ship away . phillip that be not they . that be I . ( a beat ) I always think when the time come I would be able to outrun you . my mistake . the man hear that too . but musi be not listen . musi what 's that door ? musi 's point at the very door separate he from all this man , the after - steering room door . uh-oh ... phillip that 's a haz - Mat closet . musi weigh that . bilal wince . the moment just hang ... then musi move on , choose not to open the after-steer door . he just head out . bilal follow , limping . phillip ( cont 'd ) we should get back to the bridge . int . maersk - after -steering room - resuming massive relief on the face in here . some gratitude too . int . maersk - bridge - day ATM , wright , and marv on the floor . najee and elmi on guard . the door open . Phillips , musi and bilal return - bilal hobbling , bleed badly . najee and elmi be silent , only because voice disappointment would be insubordinate . but musi can feel they anxiousness . it infuriate he . so : musi we go search again . phillip that 's a waste of time . musi my ship now ! understand ? + eh +h hk 66 . he grab that flare gun off a desk , and : * ext . maersk - port bridge - wing - continuing from here , musi can see he skiff , bob gently aport . * it 's a tiny target , one that Phillips miss several time . but musi take aim with that flare . a single shot ... bullseye . the flare hit . the skiff catch fire . int . maersk - bridge - continuing musi return . from here , all the man can see the smoke rise from the burn skiff . it 's unsettle , for the pirate too . musi I decide ! we look again ! phillip you wanna find my crew ? then take this guy . he gesture to ATM , wright , and marv. musi 's throw . phillip ( cont 'd ) the crew 's not gonna respond to I . I be the guy they be mutiny against . take they . musi pause , wary . eye the three crew member ... then : musi ( xe : ATM ) I take the Muslim . Phillips sag ; he would want all he man off this bridge ... * musi grab a AK , yank ATM up off the floor - but : * at '' * they be not gonna come out if you be * armed . * ( musi pause ) * it 's a respect thing . they be * sailor . * musi consider that , study ATM - a long beat - then cross * * to najee , hand off the AK and mumble instruction . * .-- which give Phillips a chance to mumble to ATM , out of musi 's earshot - while keying he radio : * 67. phillip take he to the guy . they will know what to do . ATM nod . musi return , study ATM . musi you really a Muslim ? at™ yeah . musi then why you sail with this guy ? at '' why you sail with pirate ? musi ' cuz pirate own the water , brother . he grab a long -knife , and push ATM out the door . Phillips watch , concerned but hopeful . we CUT to : int . phillip ' home - bedroom - late night 2 a.m. andrea sleep . outside , a cold wind blow . hard . she 's sleep through it ... until the wind jog that old ship' bell on the patio . it ring . and she eye open . fear , that fast . she know something 's wrong ... we CUT to : int . maersk - bridge - later day two hour have pass , in silence and heat . tension hang . Phillips be remove the glass from bilal 's foot . it feel like kindness , but bilal can not quite trust it . najee where be they ? where they go ? phillip I do not know . I be here with you . ( najee grunt , irritate ) Colin . marv . go look for they . wait . what ? the pirate eye Phillips . so do wright and marv. phillip ( cont 'd ) my man know the ship . they will find ‘em . and that way you guy can stay up here on the bridge . 68 . a pretty bold play - and wright 's fairly sure it be not go to fly . but najee decide quickly ... turn to wright : najee ( be : Phillips ) you no come back , he die . wright nod , rise . marv too . the pirate feign disinterest . .»- which give Phillips a chance to say to wright , quietly : phillip I do not expect to see you two back up here . be that understand ? wright nod . marv half - nod . they head for the door ... int . maersk - engine deck - passageway - same 125 degree now . swelter . ATM lead musi . at '' this lead to the engine room and the after -steering . musi I know the boat . why you guy all talk so much ? ATM 's about to reply ... when they both stop . shock . musi 's flashlight just land on a face - perry - 20 foot away . perry duck behind a corner . musi start after he . ATM have to do something about it . he grab musi , but : musi strike he with the flashlight across the jaw and charge down the corridor . we follow ... ... through this dark , tight space - just a flashlight beam and musi 's heavy breath . around that corner , when : a jolt out of the darkness - perry , lung at musi with the jack - knife , slice into musi 's hand . musi howl , drop he long - knife and the flashlight . ATM jump in now , grab the injure pirate , back he up against a bulkhead . perry put the knife to musi 's throat . there 's a radio on perry 's hip . he grab it , flip it on : perry ( into radio ) hey , Pirates . come in , Pirates . 69 . int . maersk - bridge - same the Pirates turn , deeply throw . that voice , crackle through the radio overhead . who be that ? perry ( thru radio , cont 'd ) this be the crew of the maersk Alabama . we have you Captain . Phillips grin . but the pirate be irate . perry ( thru radio , cont 'd ) do you read , Pirates ? we have you captain . will trade he for we man ... and for you guy get the hell off this ship . the Pirates confer intensely in somali ... until it 's decide that najee will reply . he grab the radio . najee ( into radio ) you have we guy ? perry ( thru radio ) yeah . bleed , but we get he . najee ( into radio ) we do not have a boat . phillip take we lifeboat . on the stern . najee lower the radio , look to Phillips : najee we need money . phillip it 's in my room . najee show I . int . maersk - e-deck - captain quarter - evening Phillips open he safe , extract $ 30,000 . phillip thirty thousand dollar . najee and how much you worth , irish ? how much a couple of you guy worth ? 70 . that have some edge . Phillips hand over the cash . ext . maersk - b-deck - starboard stern - evening the lifeboat sit on that skid , above B - deck . anyone inside it will drop from here , 45 foot straight into the sea . elmi , najee , and bilal eye it , try to look undaunted . najee need more fuel . phillip we can arrange that . najee and food . Water . Phillips call out ... one deck up ... to : ext . maersk - c-deck - continuing Murphy and durell be one deck above the lifeboat , watch : phillip they want some food . Murphy look to durell , who nod , under he breath : durell I will go find something spoiled . murphy pork . make sure it 's pork . durell smile , go . Murphy lean over and half - wave to the three Pirates , as if he be they best pal : murphy food 's on the way ! najee you show we we captain ! murphy soon as you be in the water . najee do not like it . Murphy do not care . phillip let 's go get you fuel . 71 . int . maersk - emergency generator room - evening Phillips siphon fuel from a diesel generator into bucket . najee stand guard . elmi be a few foot away , flipping the same generator switch that perry use to kill the power . phillip will you please leave that alone ? elmi you trouble , irish . you pain in the ass . phillip let 's go . najee no . more fuel . phillip where ya head ? disneyworld ? najee more . int . lifeboat - suspended - evening najee , elmi , and bilal get they first look inside the lifeboat : hatches , seat , the elevate bridge ... ( they do not know it yet , but this will be " home " for the next few day . ) phillip once you be in and secure , you be gonna hit this valve . might take a few pump . the cog release , and you go down the skid and into the water . najee should be nodd . he be not . something odd about that . but before Phillips can react ... he see the caricature of himself , draw by Dave . and the word " philip be a shit . " Phillips eye it , breathes out a ironic smile . phillip ( cont 'd ) at least spell my name right ... the pirate do not comment . he move on : phillip ( cont 'd ) you food 's here . najee nod . Phillips step through the aft hatch , to : 72 . ext . maersk - b-deck — continuing bilal and elmi watch as durell step forward with a box of food , cover with tinfoil . Phillips get a whiff , smile . phillip ( cont 'd ) specialty of the house , huh ? durell steward call it '' horse -cock . " Phillips grin . Murphy be ten foot away , glaring at the pirate . they be keep a watchful eye on he . phillip ( cont 'd ) Crew hold up okay ? durell couple heat -stroke , but they be fine . phillip see that they get treat , huh ? durell why , cap ? you goin ' somewhere ? phillip ya never know . that hang there . he turn to the pirate : phillip okay . get yourselves harness in . we will send you captain down to you once you be in the water . najee no . that halt thing . Murphy wait . Phillips not reacting , as : najee ( cont 'd ) you come in water with we . when we have captain back , you show he how boat work , then you go free . murphy that be not the deal , asshole . najee point a AK right at Murphy 's head , and : najee New deal . 73 . that fast , everything ramp up . elmi point he AK at durell . bilal , on one foot , point he at the guy on C - deck . and suddenly everybody 's bark - somali versus . English : najee ( cont 'd ) ( be : crew -member ) who you like least , Captain ? who you do not mind if they dead ? more bark . more AK - point , testosterone rise - until : phillip belay that ! all of you ! the bark stop . we push in on Phillips ... phillip ( cont 'd ) ( at najee ) stop threaten my crew . najee you get in the boat , nobody shout at nobody . phillip then let 's go . the pirate lower they weapon , head for the lifeboat . Phillips too . no one on the crew can believe it . murphy wait a minute . you be goin ' in the water with this guy ? phillip send he down once we be underway . on the ladder amidship . Murphy 's at a loss . the whole crew be . murphy how ' bout I go instead ? and you stay on deck . I can show them how it work as good as you . phillip you buckin ' for overtime pay now ? murphy cap , you get in there with they , you be not comin ' out . phillip we want ‘em off the boat , right ? 74 . murphy yeah . but not like this . Phillips climb in the lifeboat . murphy ( cont 'd ) cap ... phillip Crew 's yours , Shane . you get it ? a last look between they . feel like a goodbye . Murphy nod . then Phillips " dog " ( close ) the aft hatch . int . lifeboat - continuing Phillips , seal in with they now , move to the bridge . phillip get you yourselves secure . this thing drop like a stone . the seat in here have harness like that on a carnival ride . bilal , elmi , and najee strap themselves in , face aft . bilal hey , irish . how come you do that ? you guy wanna take you place in here with the dangerous pirate . how come you say no ? phillip I be Captain . he 's crew . be you harness in ? bilal nod without understanding . Phillips grab a radio : phillip ( into lifeboat radio ) they can still strafe the ship , so keep the guy out of harm 's way . perry ( thru radio ) Roger that . phillip ( into lifeboat radio ) how 's he hand ? intercut with / ext . maersk - c-deck - same ( evening ) musi , bound and gag , he hand bleed profusely , have be bring up to C - deck under guard . perry eye he . perry ( into radio ) he will live . 75 . phillip ( into lifeboat radio ) okay . releasing lifeboat now . Phillips put the radio down , harness himself in , grab a release valve , ( a hydraulic pump . ) start pumping it , as : intercut with / ext . maersk - b-deck - resuming a cog hold the lifeboat on this skid . now it 's recede , hydraulically ... .+.- as Phillips keep pump the valve , eyeing the pirate . phillip ( quietly , eye heavenward ) God , if you have to kill someone on this drop , I would appreciate it not be I ... a few more pump on that release valve , then : .+. the cog on the skid fall away . ..- and the lifeboat , unmoore , rocket down the skid . 12 foot , like a sled , nose down , then off the edge of the ship : ext . maersk - stern - continuing a 45 - foot dead drop , hurtle toward the water . int . lifeboat - falling - continuing the pirate be stunne by they own velocity . Phillips brace himself . the surface rush up to meet he , then : a thunderous plunge as the lifeboat smashes into the sea , send up a huge plume , vanish under water . it 's like a car wreck in here , body hurtle , bang , restrain by that harness . Water above we ... until : intercut with / ext . water - line - continuing the nose of the lifeboat breach the surface , its bridge ten foot above the waterline , visible through that window . Phillips gather he wit , look to he passenger . perry ( thru radio ) cap , you okay ? phillip ( into lifeboat radio ) we be okay . bring he amidship . 76 . ext . maersk - deck - starboard - evening Murphy on deck . musi , hand badly bleeding , be beside he . the lifeboat - power by a 4 cylinder diesel engine - pull up alongside the maersk 20 foot below , idling amidship . murphy you go in , he come out . right ? musi smile . the whole crew be watch from various deck - as he begin to climb down he own ladder , slowly . intercut with / ext . lifeboat - water - line - continuing elmi open the aft hatch , point he AK at the maersk crew again . nobody flinch . musi keep descend . intercut with / int . lifeboat - continuing through the cockpit window , Phillips can see Murphy on the maersk deck - but there 's a ocean between they now . Phillips clutches the radio ... then : phillip ( into lifeboat radio ) listen , Shane . this ship be due in mombasa two day from now . murphy ( into radio ) that 's what the schedule say . phillip ( into lifeboat radio ) I expect you to get it there . that land . and Murphy do not like it . he watch musi , descend , then look to the open hatch , do the math . murphy ( into radio ) I get a better idea . how ' bout you jump outta that lifeboat , right now . phillip ( into lifeboat radio ) can not do that , Shane . you know that . murphy ( into radio ) cap , enough of this already . get the hell outta there . we can take this asshole . phillip ( into lifeboat radio ) Crew do a helluva job today ; you do too . tell ‘em that , okay ? 77 . Murphy 's about to respond when ... musi int . musi look reach the hatch , and climb in - leave it open . lifeboat - continuing eye Phillips , and bilal 's now - bandage foot , ( with a of mild scorn . ) najee quickly hand over the $ 30,000 . phillip not much to operate this thing ; I will take you through it . if you want I to fix up you hand there 's a mo - kit behind you . musi do you say goodbye to you man ? so much for pretense . Phillips expect that . phillip I do . musi good . ..- which be when - no surprise - musi grab Phillips and shove he to the floor , then throw the hatch shut , and gun the throttle , the lifeboat speed away . the crew on the maersk holler , but they be helpless . Phillips be shove into a seat at gunpoint . no expression . ext . maersk —- deck — resuming the lifeboat speed away from we . the man watch it go , livid . murphy you dumb son of a bitch . ( sigh , then ... ) okay , let 's power up and run ‘em down . full ahead , and hard leave . the crew go into action ... we CUT to : int . burlington hospital - nurse's station - day andrea 's in the middle of a shift ( she 's a e.r. nurse ) check a medical chart , when she cell ring . andrea ( into cell ) this be andrea . 78 . mike willard ( thru cell ) * andrea , it 's Mike willard . what 's the name of the ship Rich be on ? and just like that , andrea know . her husband 's in trouble . * andrea ( into cell ) what happen ? pure dread . we CUT to : ext . beach course - virginia beach , VA . - morning navy seal run on a beach . bravo platoon : 16 guy , age 25 - 35 . Warrior . athlete . patriot . led by lo. sayer . a black suburban pull up alongside they . driving be lo. commander ROBERT aboitiz , ( 36 , from East L.A. ) behind he be three more suburban . the seal come to a stop . aboitiz need all you man in the truck , Lieutenant . we have a situation . sayer what 's up , boss ? aboitiz a american 's be capture by pirate off the coast of Somalia - hold he in a escape craft . nearest warship be 345 mile out . ( that land ) no call to wife or girlfriend . we be briefing in the team Area . then we be gear up and on a plane . sayer ( at he man ) okay , bravo . into the truck . int . lifeboat - moving - night a muggy fiberglass hell . elmi check the fuel bucket in the * nose of the lifeboat . Phillips watch . * musi , at the helm , be divide the $ 30,000 . he give himself * all the 100' , split the 50' among three other pile . * Phillips note that too . * phillip * what 's all the fuel for ? * ( no reply ) * ( more ) 79 . phillip ( cont would ) ya get five time more than you need . what 's it for ? musi protect we from other pirate . ( Phillips be silent ) some other tribe come , try to take you away . we make big speed , then ... he make a explosion sound , laugh . Phillips eye he . musi open the food - package from the maersk . he smell it , grimace . motion to bilal , " take the wheel . " then musi open the tiny aft hatch - again , Phillips watch . ext . lifeboat - aft deck - same musi toss the styrofoam box into the water , then spot something ... he stare - angere but not surprised : it 's the maersk , fully power now , on he tail . musi duck back down , shut the hatch . int . lifeboat - moving - resuming musi eye Phillips . musi think you say ship be break . phillip I guess they fix it . musi uh-huh . ( at he crew , in somali ) come get you share ! the man approach he on the Bridge . he hand each they " share " of the $ 30,000 . it 's bloody money , though . from the gash on he hand . phillip careful . you be bleed all over my boat . musi my boat now . phillip congratulation . where we go ? musi Home . +e hf ff * % +e hf % 80. Phillips feign indifference ; it 's a act ... int . phillip home - den - morning seven newscrews outside now . 20 people inside , here to help . ( timeline : the maersk rep have not yet arrive . ) Nancy be man the door - a reporter try to get in ... nancy um , this guy say he 's a local reporter . but I do not know he . amber check he shoe . be he wear penny loafer ? nancy yes . amber he 's not local . no one from underhill wear penny loafer . Close the door . Nancy smile politely , shut the door . .»+ - as andrea drift through , talk on she cell with Dan : andrea ( into cell ) we still do not know anything yet . dan ( thru cell ) I be gonna come home . andrea ( into cell ) no , honey . you need to stay there . you have get you exam this week . dan ( thru cell ) Mom ... andrea ( into cell ) it 's a zoo here , honey . Reporters all over . I want you away from it . ( over he ) whaddaya think dad would say ? dan ( thru cell ) he would probably say , " do you know how much I be spend on that school ? stay put and do you job . " andrea ( into cell ) probably . 81 . amber approach andrea , hold a land line . amber ( be : phone ) andrea , it 's John reinhart . Chairman of the maersk line . andrea pale . maybe he 's call with bad news ... andrea ( into cell ) sweetheart , I have to take this ; it 's the guy from maersk . I will call you as soon as I know anything . it 's all gonna be okay . I love you ... dan ( thru cell ) I be get in the car . I will be home tonight . click . andrea sigh , hang up the cell , grab the phone ... andrea ( into phone ) hello ? reinhart ( thru phone ) hi , andrea . this be John reinhart . how ya hold up ? andrea ( into phone ) just you typical April morning ... reinhart ( thru phone ) I understand . listen , there 's be a development - and I want you to hear it from I . we have get the ship back . the crew 's fine . the pirate have escape on a lifeboat . ( dread this ... ) but they have you husband with they . andrea pale . can barely speak . the room wait ... andrea ( into phone ) on the lifeboat . reinhart ( thru phone ) yes . it 's a hostage situation . but you have my assurance , we be go to do everything we can to get he back to you safely . andrea ( into phone ) I see . + eh 82. reinhart ( thru phone ) I be send two of my best people to you home - to help you deal with the media , income call , anything you might need . would that be okay ? andrea can not reply . she can barely breathe . reinhart ( thru phone ) andrea ?... andrea ? int . lifeboat —- moving - day 9 a.m. 105 degree in here . Phillips sit , sweat . baking . musi sit opposite we , flexe he injure hand , pain . phillip that infect yet ? musi how would I know ? phillip fever , shaking , vomit , incontinence . then it get bad . musi pause , conscious that he man be watch . phillip ( cont 'd ) they be not gonna think you be a baby . they be gonna think you be stay fit enough to maintain command . musi rise , get the first Aid kit , hand it over . Phillips pull out eyewash , saline , bandage , a long roll of tape . Phillips casually cut the tape with the jack - knife that 's be in he pocket for two day now . the pirate eye he . without comment he surrender the knife ... and unwrap the bloody shirt off musi 's hand , revealing a nasty - look gash . he pour eyewash and saline on it , gesture toward bilal : phillip ( cont 'd ) need to re-dress he foot too . musi why you so worried about he ? phillip he 's a sailor and he 's injure . +e * hf * 83. musi remember what I tell you about treat a sailor too nice ? phillip how're the sandal ? they fit okay ? musi you trouble , irish . yeah , you a problem . they eye bilal , nervously knotting that three - color rope . musi ( cont 'd ) nothing wrong with he - he just afraid . phillip you be not ? musi yes . of see my child starve . ( no reply ) we get back to Somalia , everything work . tell insurance guy what we want for you , and everybody get rich . phillip sorry . but I doubt it . ( musi wait ) why would the line pay you ? they get they ship back , they crew , all of they cargo . and captain be replaceable ; do not you know that ? musi only some . int . phillip home - day Dan be home now . he sit beside andrea ... and amber , Nancy , dawn , janet , patty ( more sister in law ) ; lea ( andrea 's sister ) ; Mike willard ; ten other neighbor . all of they look at allison - the maersk rep - who stand in front of two erasure board . she shut the tv off , and : allison okay . rule number one . no more tv . there be too many rumor bounce around , and way too many opinion . from now on , we get we information only from the State Department , Defense Department , or from maersk . ( more ) % * + HH HH + HH HH 84 . allison ( cont would ) everything that 's confirm go on this erasure board . start with this : the USS bainbridge be on site and in contact with the pirate . there have not be a official ransom demand make yet . the Commander of the bainbridge be take he order from a Task Force Commander , who answer to the flag Officer of the Task Force , a Admiral name Michelle Howard . we be in touch with she on a regular basis . amber go Michelle . allison she answer to the fifth fleet Commander in bahrain . he answer to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of staff , who answer to the Secretary of Defense , and ultimately President Obama . all of whom be monitoring this situation closely . the President be receive regular update on the situation . if he feel a military response be require , he will give the go-ahead for a rescue . it 's he call . flatter , right ? it be . so why would andrea just go pale ? andrea oh shit . ( they wait ... ) Richard vote for mccain . int . lifeboat - moving - day Phillips , in he usual seat . then : thump thump thump . the sound turn we head . it 's najee , try to break a window on the bridge with the butt of he AK - 47 . repeatedly . a attempt to get some air in here . phillip ya might ask he to stop that , before he take you head off . musi he want air . phillip but he 's still get the clip in . + HH HH HH hf he HH hhh HH hk +e hf * 85 . musi nod , then bark at najee in somali . najee remove the clip from the AK , start bang again ... finally , he break _a_ pane . a small trickle of air blow in . phillip I have to urinate . musi call to bilal , who put down the rope , grab he AK , and - hobbling - lead Phillips back to the aft-hatch . bilal un - dog it , and they emerge : ext . lifeboat - aft hatch - moving - continuing Phillips step outside ... and he jaw drop - just see * something huge , off we stern : the USS bainbridge , guide missile detroyer , 300 yard away . * bilal smile , thrilled . huh ? he push Phillips inside ... * int . lifeboat - moving - resuming bilal dog the hatch close . look to musi. bilal ( somali , subtitled ) navy here , boss ! U.S. navy ! * musi ( somali , subtitled ) yeah ? musi turn to port ... and there it be , visible through the tiny cockpit window . the bainbridge . instant reaction : musi whoops with excitement . could not be happier . the other join in . Phillips be at a loss . as they yell and shout , musi grab the lifeboat radio : musi ( into lifeboat radio ) navy navy ? you get the pirate here ! no military action ! no military action ! we not Al Qaeda ! the voice of captain frank castellano come through : castellano ( thru lifeboat radio ) this be the USS bainbridge . musi ( into lifeboat radio ) good to see you ! we not Al Qaeda ! need food , water , battery , and more * bullet ! lifeboat out ! 86 . end of transmission . musi laugh . his man do too . huh ...? phillip I do not get it . why be you so happy to see a navy ship ? musi we get a escort now - get we back to somali water , safe from other pirate ! everybody know to stay away from the gray ! ( mean it ) you beautiful , irish ! you better than twenty hostage ! ext . navy zodiac / ext . lifeboat - day a navy zodiac ( inflate motorboat ) skim water . aboard it be four sailor , command by lt . kinimura , bear a BOX of provision . the Zodiac reach the lifeboat , both idling . musi open the aft hatch , armed . eyeing kinimura . kinimura we want to see the Captain first , make sure he 's still okay . musi bark at elmi below deck , who shout at Phillips : elmi ( 0.s. ) come . Wave . Phillips appear in the hatch , wave at the sailor ... then elmi pull he back down below . a beat ... kinimura 's man hand over the provision : a radio , battery , water , chocolate pop -tart . and , strangely , A-1 Steak sauce . kinimura pull the radio out , hand it to musi : kinimura dedicate channel . my c.o. want to talk to you again . musi I will talk to he later . kinimura react , throw . musi smile . musi ( cont 'd ) Old somali say : " you have all the watch . but we have all the time . " he laugh . kinimura do not . we CUT to : 87. ext . underhill , vt . - ST . thomas parking lot - morning the army of reporter be now confine to a church parking lot . they watch as a " come home captain phillip " sign be hang across the street . there be yellow ribbons everywhere . int . phillip home - live room - continuing tv , phone , 20 people here to help . andrea drift through . food platter be all over now . casserole , lasagnas , cake , send by friend , stranger . serve trays be everywhere . lea approach andrea , bear a particularly grand one . lea this be from the local somali community . they want you to know how sorry and ashamed they be . andrea we have a local somali community ? lea shrug . andrea look around for Dan . there he be , by a window , look out at the snow . andrea ( cont 'd ) you doin ' okay ? he shrug , but the answer 's no . dan I be just think how much he love the snow . if the temperature hit eighty , he think it 's too warm . but he never complain about snow . andrea he 's gonna be okay , honey . he 's look up at the sky , right now , just like you be - think about you . dan or maybe tell the pirate how to sail . she breathes out a much - need laugh . Dan too ... but there be pure terror behind it . andrea can see it ; it 's heartbreaking . she know what to do . a few foot away be father danielson . he 's 50 , they local priest - have be here all morning . andrea take he hand : * he hhh fh hhh of % 88. andrea can we say one more , Father ? maybe all of we together ? ( danielson pause ) Richard 's so strong ; I know he 's hang in there . but can we say one for the man who be try to help he ? danielson nod , of course . andrea grab Dan , as we CUT to : int . C - 17 - flying - night a military transport plane , 5,000 foot over the ocean . Inside , gear - weapon , comm , nav , scuba - all strapped into a rhib ( rigid-hull - inflatable - boat ) . the rhib be secure to the floor by cable , with parachute attach to its stern . -+- as 16 man stand , game - face on . this be navy seal team six . we move down the row of they , start with they team leader , Lt. aboitiz . then face after face , until we land on : two seal - pettis ( black , future world - leader ) , and joon ( Korean - american , quiet . ) a light above they go green . aboitiz okay , guy . time to hop and pop . the back of this plane open like a mouth . wind rush in . a guillotine sever the cable secure that gear- laden rhib . ... and the rhib rocket out of here at 120 mph , suck out with awesome force , its chute deploy automatically . now the seal themselves dive out . we follow pettis : ext . mid - AIR / ext . indian ocean - continuing - night falling , in darkness . not a photon of light beneath we , ( the water of the indian Ocean do not refract light at night . ) feel like a endless abyss down there . no form at all . but there 's a light altimeter on we wrist , count down ... 700 foot , 600 ... we chute above we . then the rhib hit water below we . a huge splash . we keep plummete , down ... then ... a bigger splash . that 's we , submerging powerfully , water all around we ... then come up again , to find : 16 man in synchronize action , seal leave they chute to sink in the water and board the rhib . the bainbridge appear now , come to get we . the C - 17 be long go . we have just " splash in , " seal -style ... 89 . int . USS bainbridge - CIC - night the combat information CENTER of a guide missile destroyer : * icy blue lighting , a horseshoe layout of console manned by * 20 sailor , under the command of Captain castellano : castellano everybody vigilant . game face on . beside castellano be richard garrido , a FBI man to he core , the only civilian on board . they turn as Lt. aboitiz enter , exchange a salute with castellano . castellano ( cont 'd ) Lieutenant aboitiz , seal team Commander . Richard garridos , FBI . aboitiz sir. garrido good to meet you . where be we ? aboitiz * in place and ready to go . * intercut with / int . bainbridge - helo hangar - same * pettis , joon , and EIGHT other seal pass through a hangar contain two mh60 knighthawk helicopter - as we hear : garrido ( v.o. ) order right now be , no offensive action . we just keep shoulder ‘em away from somali water . + eh * huge retractable door open in front of the seal , revealing : ext . USS bainbridge - fantail - continuing the fantail of the bainbridge sit low and flat in the water . * from here , the lifeboat be a tiny target on black ocean . the seal drop they gear ... aboitiz ( v.o . ) * understood . * int . USS bainbridge - c.i.c . - resuming aboitiz , castellano , garridos : garrido * but that directive be countermand * if the hostage be observe to be in * ( more ) 90 . garrido ( cont would ) immediate danger . what kind of * surveillance do we have ? * intercut with / ext . underwater - night * we be right under the lifeboat . and we be not alone . * a team of seal frogmen be here too - attach listening * device to the hull of the lifeboat . the device be round , * black , like hockey puck . the seal activate they . * int . USS bainbridge - CIC - resuming * * a ensign be at a console , listen in on the lifeboat . aboitiz we have good ear on the boat . and I have get sniper - killer team surveilling from the fantail , lock in . +e * hf garrido that window be not much of a target . how're you gonna hit ‘em from the fantail of a move boat ? a few sailor react . but aboitiz be unfaze : aboitiz a lifeboat riding bow-down on this ship 's rooster - tail have a 17 - second cycle of harmonic motion . at the half - point of every cycle , or at 8.5 second , the lifeboat will , for a brief instant , be steady on . as he continue , we resume intercut with : * ext . USS bainbridge - fantail - resuming ( night ) five sniper -killer team , in pair : ramo - winstrom ; ingram - * nguyen ; shridar - kay ; reese -hick ; and pettis-joon . four of the team set up shop on large crate , ( a shooter * rest he weapon on the crate , spotter behind he . ) pettis lie belly down on a mat , on the fantail , joon behind he . the sniper have sr - 25' . the spotter have optic device . through joon 's we see the lifeboat in the distance . its window look tiny from here . bob up and down ... every seal sound - check he neck mike , as : gl . aboitiz ( 0.s. ) during that lull , the scope on a sniper 's sr - 25 can image they target very easily . the first shot , a wad cutter , take out the window , remove all deflection criterion and give four shooter , each on a single target , a clean line of sight . int . USS bainbridge - c.i.c . - resuming aboitiz and garridos : aboitiz any of we team member could then put three slug inside the head of a quarter at 100 meter - although that be not the ideal distance . garridos take all that in , sell . then : * garrido I will talk to the pirate now , * Captain . * int . lifeboat - moving - same ( night ) najee be finish that multi-color rope . elmi be sit up front , near the fuel bucket . musi on the bridge . that leave bilal , guard Phillips . phillip how 's you foot ? any better ? bilal shrug , conscious of fraternize with the hostage . musi ( 0.s. ) you stop talk to he . musi , call out from the Bridge , angry . bilal tighten . musi ( cont 'd ) he already get one captain . somali Marine do not need two . Phillips shrug , turn away ... look through that box of * provision . pop -tart , etc ... until he notice something : * the back of that bottle of a - 1 steak sauce . something 's be * write on it . by hand , in English - obviously a message leave for he by the navy . Phillips read it : * * " talk . we can hear you . usn . " * 92. oh . but Phillips barely have time to integrate it , when : garrido ( thru lifeboat radio ) pirate leader . pirate leader . come in . musi turn , unmove . but : intercut with / int . USS bainbridge - CIC - same garridos , watch by aboitiz and castellano . garrido ( into radio ) this be the FBI . come in . musi 's eye just go wide . his man react as well . FBI . Three very big letter . he regroup , grab the radio : musi ( into lifeboat radio ) no f.b.i .! we not Al Qaeda ! we talk to insurance negotiator . garrido ( into radio ) sorry . f.b.i . my name 's garridos . musi ( into lifeboat radio ) no military action ! we want only ransom . garrido ( into radio ) okay . what will you give I ? musi ( into lifeboat radio ) we want two million dollar and passage back to Somalia . then you get you man . Phillips watch all this ... note bilal 's reaction . garrido ( into radio ) what 's you name ? I would like to know what to call you . musi ( into lifeboat radio ) you can call I Captain . garrido ( into radio ) okay . you and I will be work together until we figure this thing out . tell I about you injury . and you crew-member . musi ( into lifeboat radio ) what ? 93. garrido ( into radio ) you have a gash on you right hand , and you have get a crew - member with glass in he foot . correct ? musi ( into lifeboat radio ) I want to talk to the insurance guy ! garrido ( into radio ) I have train medical personnel on this boat , and a first - class hospital bay . maybe you two come aboard and get treat . then we can talk about thing , face to face . musi ( into lifeboat radio ) I get it fix when I get back to Somalia . we talk then . garrido ( into radio ) that 's gonna be a problem . we be willing to work with you - but we can not let this thing reach land . musi ( into lifeboat radio ) we somali Marines ! we have right to go back to we country ! garrido ( into radio ) not with a american hostage . musi hang up , angry . no one speak . then : garrido ( thru radio ) garridos for lifeboat . come in . musi grab the radio again . musi ( into lifeboat radio ) no military action ! we talk to insurance negotiator ! two million dollar ! garrido ( into radio ) look out you window , Captain . musi ( into lifeboat radio ) we go to Somalia . garrido ( into radio ) Captain . you cockpit window . musi do ... and he see the five sniper - killer team on the fantail of the bainbridge - aim right at he . 94 . it 's just a moment - blink and you would miss it - but all of he bravado just vanish ; and Phillips see . bilal see too . musi regroup quickly ... then , with utter control : musi ( somali , subtitled ) we go home now . stay away from the window . he lean on the throttle , instant acceleration . his man do not speak . but they know something 's wrong . najee and elmi drift away , quietly . that leave Phillips and bilal , out of everyone 's earshot . Phillips study the kid . bilal look away ... then : phillip be you a good swimmer ? ( bilal 's a blank ) ' Cause you need to jump off this boat and get away from here , as fast as you can . you captain 's lead you to some very bad place . bilal I never be anywhere else . that land . bilal walk away . Phillips sag . on the bridge , musi start sing a somali war song . loud . off-key . intentionally unsettle . and he keep sing , as : int . USS bainbridge - CIC - resuming garridos , listen in . he take off he headset . garrido Captain , I need a chopper . castellano nod , no problem . int . phillip home - bedroom - night andrea be in bed but wide awake . amber sleep in a chair . a anxious stillness hang . then it 's shattered : the phone ring . oh no . andrea grab it . andrea ( into phone ) hello ? intercut with / int . maersk - bridge - idle - day Shane Murphy , on the bridge of the maersk : * + fh fh hhh F * 95 . murphy ( into phone ) andrea , it 's Shane Murphy . andrea ( into phone ) oh. hi , Shane .... murphy ( into phone ) you doin ' okay ? andrea ( into phone ) uh , you know . anxious . flanking Murphy be some of the maersk crew-members we now know : ATM , durell , perry , Ken quinn , Colin wright . even marv , Dave , del. Murphy 's speak for all of they . murphy ( into phone ) the navy would not let I call you before . we be in mombasa now , as schedule . andrea ( into phone ) that 's good . murphy ( phone , cont 'd ) just want to tell you - we all do - we owe you husband we life , every guy on this ship . he get in that lifeboat to save we , and you should be proud of that . he 's a brave son- of - a-bitch , andrea ; and he 's gonna outlast that guy , I know it . he will wear ‘em down . last we hear he be do okay and in good spirit . so you stay strong , okay ? he love you . he will get back home to you . andrea just nod , a single tear roll down she cheek . murphy ( phone , cont 'd ) anyway . I gotta go . still get a ship to run . andrea ( into phone ) thanks , Shane . murphy ( into phone ) if you talk to he before I do , tell he we all say thanks , okay ? end of call . amber take she hand . we stay with murphy : through the bridge window we see crane off-load the maersk 's container . she have dock in mombasa now . * 96 . the navy guy be leave . a new captain , Phillips ' replacement , come aboard . Murphy nod politely . the show go on - as we CUT to : int . lifeboat - moving - night ( 2:30 a.m. ) Phillips stand , wet and bleed . his hand tie to the horizontal bar overhead , foot tie too . ( we have time - jumped again : Phillips have already be beat for try to escape . they have just make he piss himself . ) but there 's now a AK a inch from he face - hold by elmi , who pull the trigger . click . he 's just dry -fire it , but the flinch from Phillips make elmi smile . the tenor in here have get meaner . sicker . najee knot that three - color rope . musi 's on the bridge . bilal be silent . the lifeboat muscle along . ..- when , unsolicite , Phillips begin to speak : phillip so it 's the beginning of time . Adam 's the first man ever . and all of he body part hold a meeting , to see who should be in charge . wait . be he tell a joke ? now ? elmi can not believe it . phillip ( cont 'd ) Adam 's heart say , " I think I should run thing , ' cause if I stop pump , he die . " but he eye say , " wait a minute , we think we should run thing . I mean , without we , he could not see anything , or get around . " then he brain say , " I be obviously the most important organ . I control breathe , think , everything . " a real argument . no doubt about it ; he 's tell a joke . musi turn , intrigue by the ball on this guy . najee and bilal too , watch ... phillip ( cont 'd ) then , from down deep , a quiet voice pipe in . " Excuse I . but I think I be the most important body part . " it be the asshole talk . the pirate eye one another , mild disbelief and amusement . * 97 . phillip ( cont 'd ) the other body part just laugh at he - get serious , buddy - and go back to work , decide to vote on it in a couple day . ( a beat ) but the next morning , the asshole surprised they all . he shut down . would not let anything through . Breakfast , lunch , dinner - nothing . and pretty soon , the whole body begin to suffer . the brain get foggy , the heart could barely beat , the eye could not stay open . after three day of it they all come to he and say , " okay ! okay ! you win ! you be the most important ! we give ! " argument over . ( eye on musi now ) and that 's why , ever since , all through history ... it 's asshole who have always be in charge . there it be , a huge fuck - you , aim right at musi . silence . ...- then bilal can not help himself . he start to laugh . elmi too . then najee . even musi find himself chuckle . Phillips too . five strung - out overheate guy , laugh . -..until this boat be suddenly rocked by a unseen force - pound it , turn it sideways . the pirate be knock to they foot - it 's that violent . and noisy , deafen : ext . lifeboat - at sea - continuing one of that navy knighthawk helicopter be hover right above we - its rotor ' gale -force wind literally knock the lifeboat sideways . a pretty impressive show of force . int . lifeboat - moving - resuming musi struggle with the wheel , but it 's useless . the craft be not powerful enough to keep its head . musi what be they do , irish ? Phillips keep he eye on that fuel bucket - slide around . the wind keep pound we . and that noise ... musi ( cont 'd ) what be they do ?! phillip I do not know . I be here with you . 98 . musi , livid , gun the engine . but it die on he . now the powerless lifeboat be push in a circle by the wind . spin like a top , buffete by air and noise . musi 's man , dizzied , await he order ... as : garrido ( thru lifeboat radio ) garridos for lifeboat . come in . musi do not answer - just hit the ignition again . the engine will not turn over . garrido ( thru lifeboat radio ) garridos for lifeboat . come in , lifeboat . we be spin in circle , deafen by the noise - the knighthawk literally sit right on top of we ... musi ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong with you boat , irish ? phillip now it 's my boat again ? musi what 's wrong with it ? phillip how the hell should I know ? musi you baby , Phillips . lazy american . musi fume . his man await a plan . noise pound . sniper team wait on the bainbridge . everything close in . intercut with / int . USS bainbridge - CIC - resuming garridos , with aboitiz and castellano hover : garrido ( into radio ) this be garridos , Captain . you have engine trouble ? musi ( into lifeboat radio ) you pull back now ! garrido ( into radio ) hey , I be just a guest on this boat . I can not tell the Captain what to do . but I can send over a mechanic to take a look for you . % +e * hf 99 . musi ( into lifeboat radio ) pull back ! no military action ! garrido ( into radio ) Fine . what will you give I ? musi ( into lifeboat radio ) I give you he ear ! I give you he finger ! ( no reply ) I tell you ! I talk only to insurance man ! only to money man ! garrido ( into radio ) sorry . I be all you get . and we cannot allow you to return to somali water . we push in on musi , all that noise bear down on he , as : musi ( into lifeboat radio ) ( ice cold ) Fine . we die here then . he slam the radio down , look at he man : musi ( somali , subtitled ) finish the rope . that sound permanent , and Phillips look shake . we be still spin , get hammer by the rotor wind ... musi ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong , Phillips ? you do not want to die at sea ? what kind of sailor be you ? phillip like to see my wife again . and my kid . musi american sailor be all baby . garrido ( thru lifeboat radio ) Captain ! come in . musi ( somali , subtitled ) untie he . elmi start to untie Phillips , as : garrido ( thru radio ) why do not you come aboard now ? get some medical care . we will figure a way ( more ) he hhh ok % 100 . garrido ( thru radio ) ( cont would ) out of this thing . we can set up a tow -line from we fantail , so you do not drift into hostile water . we know there be rival tribe around here . look , a gesture of goodwill : the noise suddenly stop , the chopper pull up . silence . somehow , that infuriate musi even worse . he decide : musi ( into lifeboat radio ) okay . we gonna kill the hostage now . need a bodybag over here . out . end of transmission . he march toward Phillips - at the very moment Phillips , untied by elmi , fall into a seat ... and we narrative catch up to itself completely , as : a jolt : Phillips yank out of the seat by musi - suddenly , urgently . rage in musi 's eye , infuriate by all this ... musi I want you to know something . we be all fisherman once . other country come and overfish we water , dump all they trash here - no somali government to stop they . so there 's no more fishing . a few foot away , najee and elmi pull a orange survival suit from a bin , and begin to spread it on the floor . odd ... image , jump - CUT : musi hand the 'mm to bilal ; the pirate kneel down to pray for Allah 's bless , and : phillip andrea ... he shut he eye . ext . phillip ' home - back patio - day allison emerge on to the patio - to find andrea , hide here again , alone against the snow , stare sadly at that old ship' bell . andrea ( be : bell ) he 's so stubborn about thing . allison I be count on it . andrea smile . allison sit . * * 101 . allison ( cont 'd ) you family 's do a prayer circle . you wanna come in ? andrea the navy 's not expect a good result . be they . bam . that put allison on she heel . she regroup , then : allison the navy 's do exactly what it set out to do - isolate the pirate and keep they from get to shore . andrea but they can not launch a rescue without get he kill . and there 's no way the U.S. government could allow the pirate to take ransom and escape prosecution . so ... ( allison 's silent ) have anybody say anything to you about prepare I for the worst ? no reply . the answer , obviously , be yes . allison it 's not a indicator of we confidence in the outcome ... that sound lame , and she know it . a beat pass ... allison ( cont 'd ) do you want to come in with we ? andrea start to cry again , can not quite hold it in . andrea I think I will take a walk instead . and away she go , off the patio and out into the snowy field beyond . allison , helpless , just watch she go . from here , andrea grow smaller and smaller . we CUT to : int . lifeboat - not moving - same the pirate pray to Allah . Phillips watch , powerless ... we circle around he , he breath shorten , heart rate climb - as this man pray for a bless to kill he . 102 . phillip you be not gonna get paradise and seventy - two virgin for do this . you be just gonna get you man kill . musi look up from he prayer , he eye lifeless : musi keep talk , irish ... that be chill . musi return to he prayer , then give a order in somali . the pirate get to they foot . najee grab that three - colored rope now , weaving it through Phillips ' hand . carefully . we hear " halal . halal . " we push in on phillip - as he steel himself for one last stand . just can not let himself surrender too easily . * musi bring he over . elmi grab Phillips , start to pull he on to the orange survival suit . but there 's a problem , instantly : Phillips be not move . huh ? elmi try again - but Phillips dig in and put he * fist under he chin . not move . phillip * no. sorry . * what ? they scream at he , livid . musi you make hand - up posture now ! execution posture ! phillip I be not move . musi shout at elmi , who shout at Phillips . najee and bilal jump in too , bilal point that handgun at he - as we : intercut with / ext . underhill - wood - day andrea walk , all alone and shaky as hell . then she stop ... * and turn . some instinct just tell she to get back home ... * int . lifeboat - resuming the pirate grab he and throw he on to the survival suit . 103 . but he will not stand still , or drop to he knee . they howl . musi you make hand - up posture ! phillip no ! musi you go against the preaching ! intercut with / int . phillip home - continuing 15 people form a prayer circle , head bow . we CUT back to : int . lifeboat - resuming ( night ) the pirate try to push Phillips down , try to get he fist out from under he chin . but he will not budge . musi you can not go against the preaching ! four guy push on he , howling . but he just will not comply . keeps he fist under he chin ... as we : intercut with / int . car - moving - night mariah phillip , 18 , drive too fast - blink back tear . listen to NPR , a report about she father . just get home . int . lifeboat - resuming Phillips be kick , twist , defy , keep he fist under he chin . musi be shouting , spit fly . musi you make the good posture ! hand up ! you make the good posture ! ext . underhill - wood - resuming andrea , run home . she step onto a icy slick and lose she foot , fall . she land in snow . damn it ... int . phillip home - resuming 15 people , head down , hand together , praying . we jump to : int . maersk - bridge - same the man of the maersk - Murphy , ATM , durell - huddle at a radio , wait for word . Mike perry silently praying ... 104 . int . lifeboat - resuming Phillips keep resisting , fight , kick , never move he fist from under he chin . Pirates howling , spitting , until : thump . silence . everything go white . bilal just butt -end he in the head with the handgun . Phillips fall forward , on to the suit . everything foggy . he 's on the ritual rug now . certain he 's about to die . the pirate start whooping again , celebrate ... when : musi ( somali , subtitled ) stop. ( he man eye he ) look at the rope . silence . the pirate examine the three - color rope they would labor so hard to fashion . it have Phillips ' blood on it now . he spit on it , weakly , for good measure . ritual spoiled . the pirate sag and drift away . Phillips be about to pass out on the survival suit when he hear : british voice ( thru radio ) pirate lifeboat . pirate lifeboat . this be Reuters news service . do you read ? Reuters news -- we stay with phillip , as we hear musi answer : musi ( 0.s. , into radio ) this be pirate lifeboat . we be surround by warship and do not have time to talk . please pray for we . Phillips ' eye begin to close . then he 's out . int . phillip home - night everyone 's quiet . andrea enter from the back patio , just as : mariah ( 0.s. ) Mom ? mariah , step through the front door . bereft . and barely visible behind all the food platter and gift basket . mariah ( cont 'd ) do daddy die ? andrea what ? why ? 105 . mariah there 's never any food in this house ! a beat ... then everyone in here either start cry or laugh . andrea rise , cross to she daughter . mariah collapse in she mother 's arm . both sobbing . CUT to : int . USS bainbridge - c.i.c . - same castellano put down a phone , eye garridos and aboitiz : castellano the President have give the okay . if we have a clean shot , we take it . aboitiz nod . garridos grab he radio : garrido ( into radio ) Captain , you be in trouble . let 's talk . int . lifeboat - resuming musi hear that . he eye Phillips , unconscious on the floor . we ... end sequence . and dissolve to : ext . lifeboat - on the water - morning Day break , hot and flat . ext . USS bainbridge - fantail - same we be look through a scope at the lifeboat . sunlight glint off one window . ( the other be knock out day ago . ) reveal pettis , flat on he belly . in position , as always . pettis ( into neck -mike ) boss , I have some minor glare , need a course correction . please ask the Captain to go two degree starboard . aboitiz ( thru earpiece ) Roger that . two degree . int . lifeboat - same musi have spend the night work on the lifeboat 's engine . he go to the Bridge . Hit the ignition . the engine start . the sound awaken Phillips - still atop the survival suit , he head aching . he look up at musi. 106 . musi I be go on the navy boat . to get we money . not a small bit of news . Phillips study he ... phillip it 's a ship . musi huh ? phillip the destroyer , it 's a ship . a boat be something like this , something you can carry on a ship . navy guy hate it when you call they ship a boat . musi sigh : do you ever stop fight ? Phillips shrug . musi and we get a tow . bainbridge gonna tow we . phillip then why fix the engine ? musi they try any trick , we cut the tow - line and go into they hull . Phillips note the fuel bucket . they have all be uncapped - as if about to be turn into weapon . he consider that . just then , a SOUND outside : a zodiac , pull up . musi turn . ext . zodiac / ext . lifeboat - on the water - continuing Lt. kinimura , bear another BOX of provision . .»+- and a tow -line extend from the fantail of the bainbridge . musi eye it from the hatch , he face a mask . int . phillip home - master bedroom - 5 a.m. still dark . andrea awaken in a panic . jump out of bed ... int . phillip home - downstair - continuing she hurry down the steep step , zeroe in on a sofa ... where allison sleep . andrea shake she awake , urgently : andrea allison . allison . ( allison stir a bit ) ( more ) 107 . andrea ( cont would ) please wake up . you have to wake up . I need you . allison what ? what happen ? andrea I blow it . I blow it ! ( no reply ) it 's Easter Sunday . allison so ? andrea I could have do something . and I blow it ! allison andrea , what be you talk about ? andrea there 's this homily Richard learn - from a Priest in Africa . " God be good , all the time . all the time , God be good . " we say it as a family now ; it 's a tradition . allison it 's lovely . andrea do not you understand ? it 's Easter Sunday . every Catholic in vermont be go to be in church today . I could have ask we priest to spread it around . I could have have it say in every church up and down the state . I just be not think . allison pause a beat , she wheel turn ... then : allison let I work on this . int . lifeboat —- continuing musi give some last instruction to najee . elmi guard Phillips . bilal pray , Phillips watch ... phillip my wife use to go to church a lot . she stop because I do not wanna go . that 's a regret . * + eh 108. elmi maybe you start now . in other word , bow down and face Mecca . Phillips shrug . phillip can I have that , please ? he 's point to a clipboard , hang on a nail on the bulkhead , a pen dangle from it . elmi do not respond . phillip ( cont 'd ) I would like to write something - for my family . elmi why ? phillip in case . elmi what you tell they , irish ? phillip I dunno . Goodbye ? I love you ? intercut with / int . USS bainbridge - CIC - same garridos , headphone on , hear that . just as intend . int . lifeboat - resuming Phillips ... almost broadcasting this to the bainbridge : phillip ( cont 'd ) I want my wife to know that I be sorry for the call she 's about to get - and that I sail all this year because I be a sailor , not because I like be away . and I be sorry I be such a pain in the ass to my kid about school - I just , when it be my son 's turn , I do not want he to have to spend he life out here like I do , leave he family seven or eight month a year just to make a live . it cost too much . I make mistake ; sometimes I treat my child like they be crew-members . ( just realize ) .-- and treat my crew -member like they be child . I wish I could undo all that . he HH hhh HH hk 109 . on the bainbridge , garridos be listen . castellano too . phillip ( cont 'd ) have to tell they that - have to make sure they know . or I will not be clean . elmi , nod , hand over the clipboard . Phillips grab it , as : bang . musi knock it to the floor , noisily . rage in he eye . musi we all have letter to write . he turn , head for the hatch . Phillips call out to he : phillip do you say goodbye to you man ? that be a echo - and a accusation . musi turn ... phillip ( cont 'd ) Captain 's suppose to be the last one off the ship - do not they teach you that in the somali Marines ? musi keep talk , irish . and out he go . najee dog the hatch shut . elmi why you talk to he like that ? phillip ' Cause I be never gonna see he again . and neither be you . the Pirates do not know how to take that ... ext . zodiac - on the water - continuing the tow -line now connect the bow of the lifeboat to the stern of the bainbridge , maybe 75 yard from here . musi board the Zodiac ; it bear he away ... int . lifeboat - resuming the pirate hear the Zodiac go . Phillips eye they ... phillip ( at bilal ) listen to I . get off this boat and swim away . now . * + eh * + eh 110 . elmi you shut up , irish ! phillip it 's over . you captain bail on you . there 's no money come . elmi why you keep talk ?! elmi toss a rope at he , angrily . elmi ( cont 'd ) here . you tie knot . like we do . phillip you tie it . ext . USS bainbridge - fantail - moment later the sniper - killer team be in they same spot . four pair of man behind crate . pettis flat on he belly . aboitiz ( thru earpiece ) all team , be advise . proceed to reel in lifeboat now . beside one of the crate be a winch . the metal tow - line extend from here to the lifeboat . the winch come to life , beginning to pull the lifeboat closer . slowly ... as : musi be help up on to the fantail of the bainbridge . he eye the sniper - killer team . and that winch , slowly pull the lifeboat closer . guilt hit musi , hard . he 's lead inside by two sailor ... the seal behind the rifle never look up from they scope . int . lifeboat - resuming elmi slap Phillips . two rope fall to the floor . elmi that 's lalil ! the rope can not touch ! phillip he cut a deal . he 's not come back . elmi you do not know . 111 . phillip I know when he find a pair of new sandal he take they for himself and leave you friend here barefoot . I know when he divvie up that thirty thousand he take all the hundred and give you guy all the fifty . that land on bilal . elmi turn on he instantly : elmi you do not listen to this ! bilal I do not say anything . elmi you want to be a american sailor ? you want to be lazy and drink beer ? go ahead , go to movie with he . be a nigger . go ahead . elmi shout at bilal - in somali now - bilal shouting back , both man rise -- a flashpoint , until : najee ( somali , subtitled ) shut up ! they turn . najee be on the bridge , glaring at elmi and bilal . najee ( subtitled , cont 'd ) come here . the two pirate approach the bridge . we follow ... .+. as they see what he 's see , the tow - line , tightening . najee ( subtitled , cont 'd ) they be pull we in . fear . rage . elmi and bilal storm at Phillips , the muzzle of they weapon inch from he face , that fast . elmi unclean place , Phillips . you go to a unclean place . phillip Fine . Long as I do not have to tie anymore goddamn knot . ..- which be when we hear something new from they . they begin to chant . it 's low , guttural , ceremonial . a tribal chant , they body rock a bit - much scarier than be hit . 112 . they circle he , chant . bilal loudest of all . ext . USS bainbridge - fantail - resuming pettis be flat on he belly , joon spot . pettis tall guy just move from the con . report that in . joon copy that . pettis have be in this position forever . we see a single bead of sweat trickle down he forehead ... int . USS bainbridge - hospital BAY - same a medic re-wrap musi 's hand . musi be silent , troubled ... .- as garridos enter , clipboard in hand . musi you never say tow - line would be pull in . garrido what be you worried about ? you be safe . that be the deal , right ? that sicken musi . garridos hand he the clipboard . garrido ( cont 'd ) Standard plea agreement . as discuss . int . lifeboat - resuming the chant continue . gun point at Phillips . elmi you move here . he gesture to a seat . Phillips move to the seat . elmi ( cont 'd ) you pick that up ! he gesture to a cloth . Phillips pick it up . elmi ( cont 'd ) you put it over there ! Phillips do so - then stand up tall , sweat pour down . * 113. phillip please let I write to they . please let I say goodbye ... elmi military posture . verrrrry good . the chant continue . najee nod to bilal , who put a blindfold on Phillips ... najee Animal ! lazy animal ! ext . USS bainbridge - fantail - resuming that winch keep cranking , slowly , draw in the line . aboitiz ( thru earpiece ) line should be at 35 meter now . advise , be that a correct read ? we hear reply from the shooter behind the crate : ramo ( into neck - mike ) 35 meter . Alpha - team check . ingram ( into neck - mike ) 35 . bravo - team check . nguyen ( into neck - mike ) 35 . Charlie - team check . reese ( into neck - mike ) 35 . Delta - team check . ... as we land on pettis , flat on the mat . pettis ( into neck - mike ) 35 . echo - team check . we stay here , tight ... close enough to find that single bead of sweat , now drip down pettis ' forehead , near he eye ... pettis ( cont 'd ) dj , I have get some perspiration on my forehead . need a hand with it . joon , without a hint of awkwardness , wipe the bead of sweat from pettis ' forehead . pettis do not move a muscle ... int . lifeboat - same Phillips put he forehead to he shoulder , shaking the blindfold off . elmi , livid , slug he - put it back on . 114 . int . phillip home - noon * andrea , Dan , and mariah at home . tense silence ... then the phone ring . andrea recognize the number , answer . andrea ( into phone ) allison ? allison ( thru phone ) put I on speaker . I want the kid to hear this too . andrea hit the speaker button ... int . lifeboat - resuming the chant build . but Phillips rise , shake the blindfold * off , start walk toward the aft hatch . huh ??? * elmi what be you do , irish ? phillip I be go for a swim . elmi you sit ! phillip you sit . elmi we shoot you ! phillip then shoot I , you pussy . I be out of here . he take one more step before ... pop pop pop - najee fire the AK - 47 . round ricochet off the ceiling . Phillips stop . silence . najee eye elmi and bilal ... then : najee ( somali , subtitled ) cut the tow-line . ext . USS bainbridge - fantail - resuming every seal react to the shot . we hear overlap of : pettis / joon / ramo / etc . small arm fire come from the lifeboat . muzzle flash on the ( more ) 115 . pettis / joon / ramo /etc . ( cont would ) lifeboat . one shooter , automatic weapon . aboitiz ( thru earpiece ) affirmative . we have that . then pettis see something that make he eye go wide : pettis boss , we have movement on the deck of the lifeboat . sure enough , bilal emerge from the bow-hatch of the lifeboat , release the tow-line from the bainbridge . pettis / joon / ramo /etc . they have cut the tow . repeat , lifeboat be not in tow at this time . everything ratchet up . the spotter and shooter adjust they scope . fast . int . lifeboat - same najee hit the ignition . the lifeboat engine rumble awake . Phillips whip around - he eye on that fuel bucket in the nose of the ship as elmi grab he , push he back on to the survival suit , knock Phillips down to he knee . we hear : castellano ( thru radio ) lifeboat ! what 's go on in there ? we be hearing report of gunfire and a severe tow-line . come in . najee grin . bilal re-enter from the bow , shut the hatch . int . ST . vincent's church - burlington , vt . - noon tight on allison , who hold up a cellphone , to capture : ...an entire congregation , in unison : entire congregation God be good , all the time . all the time , God be good . allison 's cry . so 's Father danielson . so be many of the congregant . the homily start again , as : int . phillip home - same andrea and she kid , hearing it on the speakerphone : 116 . entire congregation ( thru phone ) God be good , all the time . all the time , God be good . it play off the face of the kid . andrea grab they : andrea he 's go to be okay . you father 's go to be okay ! int . lifeboat - resuming elmi tie Phillips ' hand behind he back , re-blindfolds he . * * .»+- as Phillips bow he head , praying in earnest : phillip * ( to no one ) * God be good all the time . all the * time God be good . God be good all the * time . all the time God be good ... * elmi * you think so , irish ? * Phillips see bilal , approach the Bridge - then darkness . * najee ( into lifeboat radio ) no problem , no problem . just a mistake . no shoot . okay ? but he 's about to ram the bainbridge . fuel sloshes out of the * uncapped bucket as the lifeboat floor vibrate ... ext . USS bainbridge - fantail - resuming suddenly , all three pirate appear on the lifeboat bridge . pettis have he target , ( elmi ) , scope . joon ( into neck - mike ) echo have visual . request permission to go hot . ramo ( into neck - mike ) Alpha have visual . request permission to go hot ... int . lifeboat - resuming * Phillips , bound and blindfolded , be on he knee on that * orange survival suit - head down , whipped . phillip I try , ange . I really try . 117 . -..as najee reach for the throttle ... int . USS bainbridge - hospital BAY - resuming musi , sick inside , sign the plea deal ... int . bainbridge - c.i.c . - same aboitiz look to castellano ... castellano ( into mike ) weapon release . ext . USS bainbridge - fantail - resuming sniper ready . the fantail be still . aboitiz ( thru earpiece ) on my mark . Three , two , one ... Mark . four triggers , squeeze at once ... int . lifeboat - resuming Phillips , head down , hear four pop . uh-oh . he shout : phillip what be you do ?! what be you guy do ?! then he hear a thump , close by . he shake the blindfold off . ...to find bilal , inch away , head - shot , dead . elmi and najee have drop too , breathe they last - the boat 's throttle out of they reach ... before Phillips can react , he hear two launch racing toward this lifeboat . that fast , the fore and aft hatches open . four seal jump in , weapon ready : seal # 1 be you okay ? be you injure ? phillip I be fine . I be fine ... int . USS bainbridge - c.i.c . - resuming castellano get word - and report it : castellano ( into radio ) we have a good result . repeat , a good result . hostage be unharme and in custody . 118. game-face vanish for a moment . the sailor in here cheer . int . maersk - bridge - same dock in mombasa , Shane Murphy put down a phone . turn . the man of Captain Phillips ' crew await word . durrel , perry , ATM , Colin wright , Ken quinn . Murphy eye they , then : murphy it 's over . the man sag , deflate ... until : murphy ( cont 'd ) Pirates dead . Captain safe and sound . a cheer explode from the crew , the sound carrying over to : int . USS bainbridge - hospital BAY - same somehow , musi can hear that cheer . there 's a mirror in here - big enough , once again , to reveal he whole face . he eye he reflection ... ext . rhib - on the water - moving - same seal in the rhib speed Phillips away . he fight off a tear . ext . USS bainbridge - fantail - moment later the seal team on the fantail quietly pack they gear ... -+.as Phillips board the bainbridge . and he see the guy who just save he . pettis. joon . all of they . but this be not man who want to be thank . or acknowledge at all . so it 's just a nod , from Phillips . then the seal be go ... int . phillip home - day Dan and mariah sit on the couch . i- pod for she , a book for he . andrea smile at they sadly , then go upstairs ... int . phillip home - master bedroom - moment later andrea lie down , turn on a tv . there 's a movie on . she settles in to watch it . then she eye go wide : there , across the bottom of the screen , a news ticker : " Captain Richard Phillips freed . " she burst out of the room . 119 . int . phillip home - downstair - continuing she fly down the stair . mariah and Dan turn , startle . .+.- jjjust as allison rush in through the door , breathless . andrea be it true ?! allison it 's true . andrea throw she head back , grab the kid . they be at a loss - but they hang on . she start cry , as : ... the phone ring . andrea 's head snap toward it . her eye meet allison' . andrea get to the phone , answer it . andrea ( into phone ) hello ? phillip ( thru phone ) ( Barry White voice ) be you husband at home ? at last , the call she 's be praying for . andrea ( into phone ) Richard ?! Richard ?! phillip ( thru phone ) hi , honey . andrea ( into phone ) ohmygod ! ohmygod ! kid ! they rush forward , listen in . laugh . crying . then : andrea ( phone , cont 'd ) Richard ! what be you think get into that lifeboat !? Phillips laugh , we dissolve to : ext . burlington airport - tarmac - day andrea , Dan , and mariah wait on the tarmac . a welcome home captain phillip banner behind they . .»+.aS a private jet , provide by maersk , taxi toward they . dan Mom . I can not stand here . can I run ? 120 . andrea run . he start to run . mariah too . then andrea . as we CUT to : ext . tarmac - teeterboro airport , n.j. - same another jet taxi to a stop . Doors open . garridos and two federal marshall emerge ... with a prisoner , in cuff : it 's musi . no one here to greet he but more cop . ext . burlington airport - tarmac - resuming the private jet come to a stop . its door open . Phillips emerge , jump down the step . they all fly into he arm . a loud cheer erupt - as we reveal a thousand neighbor , all here to greet he . everyone wear a yellow ribbon . Big family hug . Phillips hold on tight , nothing say . the cheer continue , one thousand voice . he 's home . and as that land across he face we freeze frame ... then : fade out ...