| no . 00353 car wash third draft screenplay . by joel schumacher bt # 00353 . car wash fade in ext . " deluxe " car wash - sign - early morning , summer the screen be fill with the two word car wash as the camera pan off the sign and slowly begin to travel through a close car wash in downtown Los Angeles . it be a silent moment as the camera move through the empty , lifeless com - plex in the early morning light . slowly traffic and radio sound fade in . '' . car radios ( mix with traffic noise ; fade in and out ) ..- President blah , blah , blah ... Camp David ... talk resume with blah ...blah ... blah ... the sound and light and slow movement of the camera . all give the sense of the elaborate complex waking up , come alive . the camera continue to move slowly through the darken car wash and across the lock gate to include .... 2 the corner where a bus stop and a young black man - in he early thirty get off the bus carry a paper bag and start toward the car wash . he be lonnie . more radio somewhere ++- the Coke bottle bomber strike again last night . this time at the shrine auditorium . fortunately one of the usher spot the Coke bottle bomb minute before .... 3 front gate lonnie move to the front gate where the camera now include a huge , fat black man in he late twenty . he sit on a petite motor scooter , and hold a transistor radio to he ear . he have be wait for lonnie to open the gate . this be hippo. lonnie aos , ( open the gate ) oo . hi , hippo ...how you doin ' .... " - continued ces #00353 2 continued : 3 hippo I get the rockin ' pneumonia an' the boogie woogie blue .... transistor radio ( more news ) Middle East ... blah ...blah ... blah .... STREET - front car wash . 4 as lonnie open the gate the camera move to include the street behind they where a beat up pickup truck full of chicanos stop . a young , energetic mexican in he early twenty jump out of the truck and slam the door . this cause one of the rusty fender on the truck to fall off , crash noisily into the street . some of the man on the truck tie the fender back on ( x! while the young chicano join hippo and lonnie but be busily watch some '' hot " look girl who . pass by . he cross himself and look up to heaven as he catch a glimpse of one of the girl bottom in she tight jeans . hippo ( indicate truck ) ( x , all you need be some chicken .... chuko very funny , man ... you know , some day you gonna jump on that scooter and ... ( he make a loud swallow , suck sound ) +.. it 's gonna take roto rooter to get it out .... STREET - front car wash 5 as the man enter the car wash the camera move to include a old . cadillac in perfect shape , with a for sale sign in the back window . the car be be drive by slide , a crafty black man in he early thirty . he look around for a parking spot . across the STREET 6 on a side street face the entrance to the car wash a black man in he mid-thirty , dress very snazzily , adjust the tilt of he hat use a store window as a mirror . it be obvious that everything he wear be brand new . he nervously adjust he tie now . he be t.c. #00353 : 3 across the STREET 7 slide open the back of he car and start pull out para - phernalia : box , a small suitcase , what he need for the day . he close the trunk and , take out a official - look white canvas bag , he pull it over the parking meter near he car . the bag be print : '' out of order , l.a.p.d . " please with himself , he head for the car wash . int . car wash locker room 8 , lonnie , chuko and hippo 's transistor radio drone the news in the b.g . a older black man in he fifty enter cough . he be Charlie . hippo you coughin ' better , Charlie .... charlie yeah ... yeah .... ext . STREET - in front car wash 9 a old army jeep , paint bright red and the victim of many ( x crash , zoom loudly down the main drag in front of the car wash and turn the corner near 's the entrance . the young black maniac in the front seat be geronimo , who wear a head ~ band with a feather in the back , and next to he a young , hip american indian name goody . in the back seat be a young white guy , also in he early twenty , he have short hair and look like someone who just get out of the army . this be scrugg . he hang on to the roll bar of the jeep as they zoom past a mustang that sit stop near the entrance . mustang 10 a young black boy in he early twenty sit with he girl friend in the mustang . it be obvious they have just have a argument . they both sit in silence , smolder , as a car radio somewhere babbles on with the news . suddenly the boy jerk the car door open and , jump out , slam the door be - hind he and , go into the car wash . he be Justin . the girl friend 1 ] she be very upset as she watch he for a long moment and ; then drive off . as she drive off screen , the camera pick ( 3 up t.c. as he peer into the window of a small soul food luncheonette directly across the street from the car wash entrance . the luncheonette be . call the five Spot . jp 12 12- a 13 15 #00353 4 ( x omitted , t . 12 close shot - t.c. 12 apprehensive as he enter the five Spot . int . five spot 13 a older black man fries a egg as t.c. enter . radio somewhere Secretary of State ... blah ... blah ... blah .... 7t.c. look around . t.c. hey be mona here ? . older black man she 's late again , t.c.... t.c. be disappointed as he glance at the wall clock and deliberate about wait . int . car wash 14 we be close on a cigarette machine as a young black . queen with dyed red hair get cigarettes and study he pluck eyebrow in the vend machine mirror . this be lindy . radio somewhere on the lighter side of the news ... blah ... blah .... int . locker room . : i5 - lonnie , chuko , hippo , Charlie , geronimo scrugg and goody ( xx finish duess noisily as slide ' unpack some of he gear . slide okay , today we get the big three ... the baseball pool ... the fight ... and the jai ' lai pool .... charlie Jai ' lai ...? continued jp # 00353 5 . ( X ) 15 continued lt c7 slide CO yeah ... they playin ' jai ' lai in Mexico .... goody be on top of slide . goody come on , give I my money from yesterday , man . slide you be not gettin’ no money .... charlie ( almost to himself ) I do not even know they have a game call jai . ' lai .... goody . ( pursue slide ) what be you talkin ' about ... I win the pool .... - slide ( look in he black book ) ( a you still owe I for the norelco razor .... . goody that 's separate .... slide my ass be separate ... you still owe I . for you mother 's toaster . from mother 's Day to a .... the other man push goody out of the way to get to slide . there be mass confusion as everybody get they bet in . everyone talk at once . lloyd I know this be my lucky day .... oo floyd I want the fight and the game , but you can shove the jai ' lai .... slide Don ' know what you missin ' .... '' continued jp be CO '' su «=scsta ge ) 16 '' #00353 6 ( x ) continued - 2 1s scrugg can I bet a ' pay you later ? slide be you crazy nigger ? you know there be not no credit .... geronimo ( push scrugg aside ) outta my way .... goody go back to he locker angrily . goody ( towards lonnie but for every - one 's benefit ) can you beat this man ... we Indians be rip off by the white man ... a ' now the black man ... only color didn ' hit on we yet be the green man from Mars .... another angle 1 lonnie watch Justin , who be very disturb . _ bindy sail in flamboyantly . hippo watch it ... here come ann-margaret '' +- you get you zipper close .... lindy pass hippo , give he a lot of attitude . . lindy one thing you can be sure of in this world , honey ... when I be around , you body be safe .... there be hoot and whistling . goody . hey , hippo ...how you do it with that belly ... huh ? door to locker room , le suddenly a jazzy young black man in tight - fitting '' tony Orlando " - type clothes and platform shoe pop in . this be floyd . he carry a nylon garment bag . continued 300353 7 continued . , 16 floyd {very show biz ) hi , I be floyd .... he be join in the doorway by he brother , who have the same style and almost the same clothes , and also carry a garment ( X ) bag . this be Lloyd . : lloyd and I be Lloyd .... lloyd and floyd we be floyd and Lloyd . we be ' the futuristics ' .... they imitate the temptation in a elaborately rehearse quick - step routine as they hum they own musical accompaniment and they end in a split . no one in the locker room be impressed . floyd we gonna audition for a new agent . ( X ) today ... how do you like we new oopen ...? lindy get some girl in rhinestone bras , honey .... Lloyd go over to lonnie . lloyd huh , lonnie , what do you think of it ? lonnie look fine , Lloyd .... lloyd it 's down , huh ...? a long , low wolf whistle fill the room as t.c. enter in he snazzy outfit . hippo well , excuse my foot .... lindy carry on , honey ... ritzy titsie ! geronimo hey , t.c. , you goin ' to a funeral ? t.c. ( embarrassed but try to be cool ) okay...okay ... somebody aroun ' here have get to have a little class .... continued hb 16 17 18 eo 19 #00353 : 8 continued - 2 1 é hoot . lloyd Little be right .... ext . car wash - shoeshine stand 1 ? a old , thin black man carry a brown paper bag and shuffles to the shoeshine stand which be part of the car wash complex . he be snapper . radio Hurricane warning ...blah ... blah ... blah ..... as snapper open up the shoeshine stand a beautifully keep impala pull in behind he into a special parking space . car wash parking lot - close shot - car door . be the door open and a very arrogant black man in he mid - thirty step out . his shoe be polished and he pants have a sharp crease . this be Earl . he close the car door and grandly pass snapper . snapper Morning , Earl .... Earl give he a grand nod without even look at he . int . locker room - close shot 19 on inside of t.c. 's locker . the locker be fill with he color drawing of he fantasy black superman character call " the fly . " chuko hey , I be not hear anything about ' the fly ' in a long time .... t.c . that 's how it be with ' the fly '... you do n't°hear about he and then all of a sudden ... mmake a fly noise ) «» - there he be .... the camera have pull back from the drawing to include t.c. and some of the other man as t.c. quickly drop he trousers in a vaineffort to hide a pair of undershort he be wear with red heart all over they and the word " hot STUFF . " 21 22 ko #00353 9 the group no of this cripple they with laughter . .c. puil he coverall on immediately and try to ignore they as he glance through the window toward the five Spot . locker room door . 21 suddenly the mirth be cut by the appearance of Earl . he stand in the doorway dramatically and glance at he watch . earl I believe it be exactly two minute and eleven second to open .... there be total silence except for Earl 's clipped footstep as he grandly walk to he locker and open it bend over to untie he shiny shoe . as he do , the sound of the loudest fart ever hear come from somewhere in the locker room . ext . car wash - big joe burger stand 22 on the corner near the bus stop , and actually incorporate into the car wash complex , be a hot dog and hamburger stand call Big Joe burger . this be run by Joe and Terry graziano , a italian couple in they late twenty . . Terry think she be a sex symbol and Joe be insanely jealous . they be open up the stand . terry I do not look at he ... we be both stop for the red light ....° joe and you look over at hime ... 7 7 — terry I glance .... joe aha ! you admit it .... terry I admit nothing .... joe you admit you glance ... glance be look .... terry Joe , you be makin ' I crazy .... continued ned 23 24 #00353 10 continued 22 joe and if you don ' watch it , I be gonna make you dead . car wash parking lot 23 behind they a beautiful new cadillac pull into the car wash and park next to Earl 's car . Mr. B. , the heavy - set : white owner of the car wash , and he nineteen - year- old son irwin get out of the car . snapper | mornin ' , Mr. b.... mr . B. mornin ' , snapper .... Mr. B. head for the effice . irwin sport a " afro " and wear shade . he also wear a T-shirt with a picture of mao tse-tung on it . irwin think he be very cool and very jive . he have adopt a kind of black " hip " delivery , but it be really not natural for he . snapper a ' how you doin ' , Mr. irwin ?... irwin 's hey , baby ... what 's happen ?... he try to give snapper a2 really jive , elaborate , cool , " inside " handshake . snapper have trouble keep up with it .. snapper I just can not seem to get that .... irwin Lay back , baby ... catch you later .... irwin walk on . the corner 24 Cars begin to line up wait for the car wash to open . a taxi pull up in front of they as Marsha , the white cashier , arrive at work . Marsha be in she late twenty and very sexy . she 's get a bad nose but the great tit in the whole world . CO ce 26 27 28 29 # 00353 ) 11 STREET in front of car wash - another taxi 25 a bummy black hooker who 's be out all night sit in another taxi in a traffic jam . she be waste and in need of repair as she casually watch Marsha enter the car wash . this give she a idea . taxi radio ..- just to recap , the Coke bottle bomber .... long shot - taxi in traffic 26 quietly she open the taxi door and , ducking down , sneak out of the taxi and into the traffic . int . car wash office 27 Marsha enter and go to she cash register as she see Mr. B. in he small office behind she . marsha ( very seduc - tively ) good morning , - Leon .... : mr. B. watch it , my son be here today .... ext . car . wash ; . 28 the black hooker run behind a truck as the traffic start to move and quickly make she way into the car wash lady room . radio .. Reggie Jackson star again last night ... blah ... blah ... blah ... against the angel ...blah ... blah ... bring the a 's .... group shot 29 the camera move from the lady room to the locker room door as hippo , Lloyd , floyd , chuko , Justin , geronimo , slide , scrugg and goody run out like a team . Lloyd and floyd do a little ( xx special business from they act . ce 29 CO 30 cs #00353 12 continued 29 . men . ( hoot and cheer ) get down Reggie ... all right .... geronimo wear he feather and goody wear mickey mouse ear and chew pink bubble gum . int . locker room 30 Charlie leave with lindy . charlie how ' bout Mr. Reggie Jackson , huh ?... lindy Reggie who ?... Earl and lonnie be the last to leave the room as duane , a black man who be a couple of year young than lonnie , arrive . he be out of breath , disturb , angry . he wear a scarf of green , red and black . the Black Liberation color . earl where be you yesterday , duane ? duane ignore he as he go to he locker . earl . and you be late today , duane .... duane ( angry , disgust ) how many time I gotta lay it on you ? my name be Abdullah Mohammed ... ( x ) . akbar . . t . Earl smile and leave the locker room grandly . duane pull | off he clothes angrily . a old saxophone hang in he | locker next to a picture of lumumba . lonnie linger in the doorway look back at duane . : 1 lonnie you okay ? duane ( to himself ) ... be not showin ' respect for the blood .... continued ce 30 #00353 13 continued 30 lonnie . ( affectionately ) listen : Abdullah , be you okay ? duane go to work .... lonnie hesitates . duane ( a little ( xx softer ) go ahead ... i' 1ll be there in a minute .... there be more to say , but not now . the camera stay with lonnie as he leave the locker room and pass slide and irwin as they get together in a private spot near the locker room exit . stay with slide and irwin . slide hey , irwin .... irwin hey , my man ... what 's happen ?... they both look both way to make sure they can talk privately . : slide I get the great shit , man ... two hit and you be go ... they call it guatemalan Brain destroyer .... irwin how much ? slide pifty .... irwin ( sound expensive ) pifty ? slide . try a taste ... here , you just try a taste .... continued la 30 cas 31 32 33 #00353 14 continued - 2 he slip irwin a joint . entrance car wash serugg open up the gas pump as geronimo pass by with some towel . geronimo notice scrugg ' long face . geronimo whatsa matter with you ... do we get laid las ' night ?... or do we get laid ? : scrugg I be worried about charlene ... I be not never stay out all . night before .... geronimo de ' worry boy it 's good for a woman to learn she can not take you for grant ... she will love you all the more for it .... serugg be unsure .... geronimo come on get to work nigger .... int . office Mr. B. turn on the p.a. system that connect to the radio . ext . car wash - close on big car wash loudspeaker energetic disc jockey okay ...l.a.aaay ... what a day ... so what do you saaay ?... iit 's eight . o' clock in the earlaaay .... ext . car wash - angle on men as they take they place . continued 30 30 - 7 31 32 33 cc 33 '' 34 35 36 can ) 37 38 cs #00353 15 continued disc jockey ... it 's Friday , the twentieth of July , and this be blah ... blah .... near the big joe burger stand Terry and Joe open as the taxi driver look for the hooker . disc jockey ..sblah ...blah ... here be the num - ber one record breaker .... loud sound of record shatter over the p.a. system . ext . men' room irwin duck inside . : . int . office Marsha spray she hairdo . disc jockey «»eand I hope you be ready for this one .... car wash duane run from the locker room and join lonnie . he still wear he Black Liberation scarf with he coverall . disc jockey good morning , America .... the entire car wash come alive as the sound of a dynamic record start they day . entrance to car wash . a , hippo lower the chain and the first car @rive in . this be the way the car wash work : , scrugg work the gas pump and fill out the ticket . continued 33 34 35 36 37 38 ( xx ce 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 #00353 . 16 continued 38 lindy and hippo vacuum and clean the car and hook they up to a chain which carry they to where Lloyd and floyd wash . the tire with wire brushes . the car then move on to slide , lonnie ; duane , Charlie and t.c. , who actually do the wash . then. chuko , Justin , geronimo and goody jump in the’ car and - dry it off and finish it up . as the music fill the complex we see the first car be wash and what each of we character do intercut with : big joe burger stand 39 Terry and Joe argue as they open up . across the STREET 40 at the five Spot , mona arrive at work . she be a tall , good - look black girl who think she be diana Ross . t.cc . - 41 watch she as she enter the luncheonette . he try to get she attention but it be useless . ( wash section . ) chuko - a2 he stand wait for the first car to come through as he . watch Marsha and she great tit through the office window . the taxi driver : 43 he have park and be still look for the hooker . int . lady '. room : / 44 the hooker pull off she wig and sing along with ' the music . int . men' room : 45 irwin smoke the joint . shoeshine stand . _ 46 snapper talk to Earl . but Earl pay no attention . we have the sense that this be the way it be every morning . continued C = 47 48 #00363 17 continued 46 snapper yes sir ... pretty soon gonna be fifteen year I be shinin ' shoe on this spot ... use to have a stand right on the corner there when this be just a empty lot ... Fifteen year ... I see them all ... all come a ' go .... Earl pay no attention . snapper dust off he photograph of John Kennedy , Martin luther King and reverend ike . ( X another angle 47 Mr. B. come out of he office and move to the car wash . mr . B. duane ... duane , I want to talk to you .... reluctantly duane come near Mr. B. duane my name be Abdullah .... mr . B. where be you yesterday ...? duane somethin 's come up .... mr . B. that 's twice this month .... duane I be here , be not I ...? . mr. B. listen to I , duane .... . duane my name 's Abdullah and you want the car wash or do not you ...? he go back to work as Mr. B. , who be not happy , walk back to he office . he pass where chuko finish up the first car , a nice- look oldsmobile , and Earl approach the white owner . : ext . car wash exit : 48 earl good morning .... continued no # 00363 18 | | 48 continued 48 oldsmobile owner . | o good morning .... earl I do not want you to leave here without realize what I could do for you car .... oldsmobile owner you take over the payment ? - earl give it the great shine it 's ever have ... myself , by hand .... the oldsmobile owner be unsure . Earl point to he own car . earl look at that ... like a jewel .... 49 ext . men' room 4s irwin exit . he be stone out . he drift toward the office and through the glass see some danish . he now have only one purpose in life . oe 50 int . office . 5 '' Marsha collect money from customer as Mr. B. look at the paper . irwin enter and make a beeline for the danish . mr . B. harold Gordon drop dead yester - : day ... only forty - two year old ... ° heart attack ... never sick a day in he life ... {he grab the danish from irwin ) do not eat that garbage ... can you imagine ... forty - two year old .... Mr. B. be so catch up in he anxiety that he be unaware that he be now eat the danish . 51 car wash exit . 51 Earl take the oldsmobile away as the owner approach the taxi Driver . continued cs n drm 51 52 53 54 #00353 19 continued 51 oldsmobile owner you free ...? taxi driver huh ... yeah ... I guess so .... they walk towards the taxi . taxi driver . you do not see this black chick , do you ...? omitted , 52 ( x shoeshine stand 53 snapper approach Earl . snapper you wanna play a number , Earl ? Earl take out he car-wax paraphernalia . earl you jus ' throwin ' you money away ... it 's jus ' a racket for fool a ' olt man .... snapper I see many number come in in my time ... but even if I be not , I wanna know what right you get to be so uppity all the time ?. Earl smile as he start to shine the oldsmobile . earl ' Cause I be the nigger who do not get wet around here ... I be the star .... : snapper you jus ' a shiner like I , only you gotta stoop a little lower .... snapper move toward slide . entrance - car wash 54 two fat woman get out of a car as hippo maneuver the vacuum inside the car . the two fat woman waddle away . hippo Pew ... they laid a fart .... he drop the vacuum as lindy jump away . cg drm #00353 20 int . office . 55 Music over the p.s. system as Marsha pick up the phone . marsha dee-luxe car wash ... ( to Mr. B. ) it 's you wife .... they exchange pregnant look as Mr. B. grab the phone . mr . B. yes...okay ... be that all ?... gloria , I be busy .... he hang up . mr. B. ( almost to himself ) the new drape be not long enough in the live room ... what do she care . how much it cost I ?... '' . he be distract as he look down at Marsha 's tit . she take the money from the two fat woman but manage to . smile up at Mr. B. as irwin pass by the office . . mr . B. watch it ... watch it ... my son .... irwin enter . mr. B. ( to irwin ) I hate to interrupt you summer vaecation ... but maybe you could look over last week 's receipt ... give we the benefit of what you be learn in ' Business management ' .... , irwin I wanna work with . the man .... mr. bl what ?... irwin I wanna be one of the worker ... dig ?... one of the work class ... like mao say ...' worker of the world , unite ' .... mr . B. do you hear this ?... a college man and he want to wash car .... irwin take out he red book of Chairman mao quotation . continued drm # 00353 21 55 continued 55 on * irwin . mao say ...' in the class struggle the proletariat .... ' mr . B. that book again ... I do not want to see that book .... irwin come on , pop ... hang loose .... mr . B. why ask ? do what you want . why do anybody bother to ask I any - thing ? the drape be not long enough in the live room .... I only pass this on in case Chairman mao have a appropriate quotation like ' man who have short drape have crazy son ' ... go ahead ... wash car .... irwin be go . 56 car wash 56 a lively black kid name calvin skateboard into the car wash . calvin how ' bout Mr. Reggie Jackson .... 56-a the men 56 - calvin be the last person they want to see . lloyd be he here again ?... , lindy good night , irene .... hippo . aw shit .... t.c. get los ' , calvin .... floyd go play in the traffic , calvin .... calvin be not bother as he skate around . behind he , irwin step out of the locker room dress in coverall and rubber boot . he be clumsy and space out as he approach the man . continued drm s6-a CC . vi X / 36-3 co '' 7 ' 57 | # 00353 22 continued 56 - irwin hey , brother , I be here to unite with you . he go into one of he elaborate jive handshake . the men , 56-3 they can not believe what they see . lloyd ( to the other ) oh ... I think the car wash heir want to play in the water .... - they grin from ear to ear as they realize the opportunity to " get " irwin . lindy do a long take on irwin . lindy : a ' stone to the tit , honey .... as a loud song start over the loudspeaker irwin join the man . it be he initiation . naturally no opportunity be spare to hose he , spray he , hit he with wet rag and runny sud . he be so stone and he own natural clumsiness do not help the situation either as irwin flounder and slip . at the end lonnie help he up . lonnie be you okay ? irwin ( glaze ) Far out ... man ... Far out .... : ( x another angle . 57 Mr. B. have step outside the office to observe the confusion . mr . B. stop horsing around ... wash car ... come on , wash car .... he start to go back into the office , when calvin skate by . . calvin : hey , Mr. b.... mr . B. listen , this be no playground , sonny .... calvin ( not bother by anything ) hey , how come all the other car wash get machine and you still washin ' car by hand ?... continued drm 57 58 59 #00353 . 23 continued : 57 mr . B. that 's the feature of this car wash ... we do it all by hand ... ' the personal touch ' ... can not you read the sign ?... Mr. B. point to a elaborate sign near the office door advertising just what he have state . calvin look at the sign for a long time as Mr. B. start to move back into the office . calvin I think you be jus ' too cheap to put in machine .... Mr. B. turn in the doorway and glare at calvin . mr . B. get outta here , huh ?... calvin gleefully skate away and past t.c. , who be sneaking away from the car wash action towards the public telephone booth . calvin ( twist and turn on he skateboard ) hey , t.c. , I bet you can not do this .... t.c. ignore he and step into the booth quickly dial a number . int . five spot luncheonette : 58 mona , the diana Ross waitress , play a song on the jukebox as the telephone ring . she answer . mona five Spot .... int . phone booth - t.c. 59 he sing into the phone . t.cc. ( imitate nat " King " Cole ) mona Lisa ... mona Lisa man have name you .... he hear a loud click as she hang up the phone . continued 60 #00353 24 continued 59 t.c. mona ... mona .... he glance over to the five Spot as he disappointedly leave the phone booth and calvin skate by . calvin hey , t.c. , what 's v.d .?... t.c. only have thought for mona . calvin huh , ya know what V.D. be ? I figure you would , bein ' a expert on initial .... ext . office . 60 they disappear o.s. as the camera travel to pick up barne 's Zalinsky , a soft , round , '' elmer fudd " - like man in he early thirty who be the mailman . barney make he way to the office , as the man in the car wash notice he . hippo hey , here come barney .... floyd the Polish mailman .... lloyd . hey , barney , do you hear about the Polish guy who have a prick transplant ?... but he hand reject its ... oe they start laugh . barney ignore they . hippo hey , barney , do you hear about : the Polish girl who have a abortion ?... she be not sure the baby be hers .... they laugh harder . barney keep move toward the office , ignore they . . lloyd ( break up ) hey , barney , do you hear they close the Polish Z00 ?... the clam die !!it! this cripple they with laughter . everyone break up . c™ x\ #00353 25 int . office 61 barney , use to all this , enter the office with the sound of the laughter behind he . barney Morning , Marsha .... he deliver the mail . marsha good morning , barney ... barney Morning , Mr. b.... Mr. B. watch through the glass as the man in the car wash continue to laugh . mr . B. . they never stop , do they ? barney ( a very sensitive man ) it 's just my luck , Mr. B. , to be . Polish during the era of the Polish joke ... it 's my cross to bear ... I ... a sensitive , alert , intelli - C go servant of the people ... and to most I be just a Polish joke .... marsha C poor barney .... mr . B. courage , barney ... they be gonna start.on the vietnamese any day now .... barney start to leave as Mr. B. look at the mail . . mr. B. oh ... and , barney .... barney turn . mr . B. this be not we mail .... barney what ?... continued no # 00353 26 61 continued cy upset , he fumble and change the mail . 7 . barney | oh , I be sorry .... he leave . 62 mr. B. and marsha . 6 : camera stay on they as they try to control themselves , then they rush into Mr. B. 's office and break down laugh . 63 ext . office : 6 : barney make he way out of the car wash as calvin skate by . calvin hey , barney .... . barney go away .... cc calvin —_ barney , listen ... I have this Polish kid in my class last year .... barney ignore he . calvin barney , hey , wait ... listen ... I go to school with this Polish kid .... barney be still upset but he look up at calvin . barney you do ...? - calvin yeah , but at Easter they sell he for a hami !!! calvin be delighted as he skate off . barney ( muster up all he elmer fuddness ) oh ... oh ... oh ... go eat a water - melon .... continued no 63 64 65 66 67 ' ext . burger stand 6 #00353 27 continued : 6 : calvin shriek with delight as he skate off . barney dis - appear o.s. as the camera travel to the burger stand , where Terry wait on two cop while Joe watch jealously . terry ( very sweetly to the two cop ) can I get you guy more coffee ? they be very cozy as Joe try to control himself by stack - ing jelly donut on a tray . he step forward now . joe that 's seventy - five cent with the donut .... cop Terry usually give it to we for | free ... do not you , honey ...? close shot - joe . 6 : the cop and Terry giggle as we see Joe 's hand crush a jelly donut until the red jelly ooze all over he . int . lady ' room : : 6 the hooker have take over the bathroom and be do a com - plete toilette . she stand wash she armpit over the sink . she be always sing along with the music . ext . car wash entrance : 67 a beautiful new mercede come careen into the car wash and racing ahead of another car come toward lindy and hippo : as the car get closer we can see a well - dress hysterical White woman drive as she eight - year - old son hang out the window , throw up down the side of the car . hysterical woman ( shriek ) away from the car ... away from the car ... continued 68 69 70 71 #00353 . 28 continued , 67 she stop the car near lindy and hippo and get out . she race to the other side and shriek louder when she see the car . . hysterical woman oh my God ... it will eat away the paint .... her last concern be for she son as she finally yank he out of the car . hysterical woman I tell you away from the car ... oh my God .... she yank the boy around . hysterical woman ( to lindy and hippo ) hurry up ... I be late ... ( back to son ) oh , look at you ... : ( to lindy and hippo ) : well , hurry up ... do not just stand there ... it will eat through the paint .... ext . lady ' room 68 lindy and hippo exchange look as the hysterical woman drag she son to the lady ' room . she try the doorknob but it be lock . m , int . lady ' room 69 the hooker take she time . ext . lady ' room : 70 hysterical woman ( 0.s. ) hurry up in there ... this be a emergency .... int . lady ' room 7 the hooker be . lose in what she 's do . she 's hardly aware of the knock . Music blast over the loudspeaker . no 73 74 #00353 29 car wash 7 Lloyd and floyd have finish work on the wheel of the mercede as the car move on . duane . 7 : the side of the car with the puke come near he . he start to wash it , then throw down he rag and walk away . lonnie follow . lonnie what 's wrong , huh ? duane I be sick of this shit , man .... lonnie become aware of Mr. B. watch they from he office . lonnie come on , Mr. B. be watch .... duane I be sick of he too .... Mr. B. interrupt the music as he speak over the loud - speaker . mr . B. you 'got a problem there , boy ? lonnie indicate thing be okay . : : C lonnie no , Mr. B ... ( to duane ) come on , you do the other side ... come on .... reluctantly duane go back to work . ext . lady ' room - 7 the hysterical woman with she son in tow be pound on the door . hysterical woman what 's go on in there ?... this be a emergency .... jy # 00353 30 75 int . lady ' room 75 the hooker sing along with the music . 76 car wash 76 lonnie watch duane with concern while the other man talk animatedly as they work . t.cc . there be no Black superman ... don ' you see ?... I would be the Black superman .».. the first ! I would be ' the fly '... and I would have this cape and this helmet that look like two big eye .... lloyd you full of shit .... . t.c. I would scale building ... walk up the side ... I would be invincible ... I would be ' the fly , ' man .... lloyd you would still be full of shit .... : t.c. you would not dare say that to I if iwas ' the fly . ' Lloyd walk over to he . lloyd oh yes I would ... ' cause then you would be full of fly shit ... and you know , man , that 's the worst kind of shit there be ... worse than elephant shit «.«- eworse than kangaroo shit ... worse than chicken shit ... there be not nothin ' lower than fly shit .... 17 ext . lady ' room 77 the hysterical woman still pound . hysterical woman open this door .... continued jy 77 78 79 80 #00353 31 continued ; T finally the door open and the hooker step out . the hysterical woman glare at she as she grab she son and rush into the lady ' room . hysterical woman Pew ... it stink in here .... hooker it 's suppose to ... it 's the toilet . the hysterical woman slam the door as the hooker look around . hooker' point of view 7é '' the two cop joke with Terry at the burger stand . ext . men' room - hooker , 7s the cop make she very nervous as she look around and then quickly duck into the Men 's room . disc jockey ( v.o. ) okay , L. aaaaay , let 's see if I can give away two ticket to the ' bad benny ' soulwagon concert tonight .... . car wash . 80 t.c. get very interested . behind he at the entrance to i the car wash , a car with " just married " paint all over it i drive in . : . disc jockey ( v.o. ) the first person to call in and name this song and who 's sing it .... : in the distance the honeymoon couple help lindy and hippo untie streamer from the " sos marrted '' car as t.c. make a mad dash for the telephone booth . the song begin . t.c . scream as he reach the telephone booth only to find it in use . on the radio the disc jéckey interrupt the record fora ... second .... : disc jockey ( v.o. ) we have . a winner in rolan Heights .... t.c. be crush as he start - back to work . continued jy 80 81 #00353 32 continued : 80 t.c. I know that ... I know that song .... Lloyd and floyd pick up the song and start to sing it very loudly . they sing it for t.c. 's benefit , happy for another chance to needle someone . exit of car wash : 81 the hysterical woman and she son walk over to where chuko wipe off she car , hysterical woman be it all off ? chuko yes , mar 'am .... she inspect the car . hysterical woman there 's a speck over there .... chuko look , then wipe the door again . chuko it 's in the paint .... hysterical woman it be not .... chuko Lady , I be tell you it 's in the paint ... look for yourself .... hysterical woman do you mean you refuse to do you job ? . chuko Lady , it 's in the paint .... he wipe the door again . hysterical woman you mean you refuse to do you job ... all right ... just for that ... no tip !! ( she grab she son ) come on , Raymond ..... continued jy # 00353 : 33 81 continued : 8 : io chuko on ' okay ... no tip ... who care ...? the hysterical woman shove she son in the car and drive off in a self- righteous huff . as they reach the curb , she son throw up again , this time inside the car all over both of they . the woman scream . 82 int . office 8 : as the honeymoon couple moon around outside as they car be be wash , Marsha look carefully at photograph of elizabet ! Taylor and barbra streisand in movie magazine . she look at they nose and then at hers in a small mirror . ' she press down on she nose , then look back at photograph . a3 inner office / 8 : Mr. B. sit read the newspaper and glance at Marsha . 83-a he point of view : 83 - her round bottom in she swiveling open- back stool . be mr . bl do I tell you harold Gordon drop dead ... forty - two year old ... heart attack ... never sick a day in he life .... NY no response . : mr. B. do you hear I , Marsha ? marsha ( lose in she dream ) uh-huh .... mr . B. and he be not even in this business ... this business could kill you , Marsha .... beat . — continued # 00353 34 | - o drm 83 - a 84 continued 83 - marsha do you like raquel Welch 's nose ? mr. B. what ? marsha do you like raquel Welch 's nose ? mr. B. who ever look at she nose ?... I & never get up that far ... she could have a pretzel there for all I know .... ext . laundry room ° 84 irwin and Justin exit with fresh towel as they walk back to the action . justin how you doin ' in school ?... irwin School suck ... I be only goin ' ' cause I have a good connection ... but he get bust ... I be not goin ' back in September .... : justin ; I either ... gonna get a job in construction ... you know how much they be payin ' ? irwin I be goin ' to China .... justin China ? irwin yeah .... justin you goin ' to China ?... . irwin yeah , dig it ?... I be goin " to China and unite the worker .... justin China , huh ?... a continued drm 84 85 #00353 35 continued - 84 irwin yeah , but do not say nothin ' , I have not tol ' my ol ' man ... gonna tell he today .... justin shit , I do not wanna be around ' when you tell you ol ' man you goin ' to China .... irwin do you think they still have opium dens in China ? justin opium dens ? irwin yeah , you ever do opium ?... radio announcer ( v.o. ) this be a test ... I repeat : a test .... the pierce sound of a test alert zing over the loudspeaker . everyone cover they ear and shout as they wince . men Marsha ... hey , Marsha .... she turn it down and speak into the microphone . marsha ( v.o. ) sorry .... exit of car wash , 85 chuko wave to she . chuko that 's okay , baby .... he make a '' okay " sign with he finger as Earl pass . chuko she 's drive I crazy ... thass my kind of woman .... . earl . . Don ' kid yourself , ' wet back ' you ( x get no chance .... . continued ee eee hb # 00353 . 36 85 continued 85 C chuko ( > thass what you think ... woman be | sof crazy for Latin lover .... ! barl | come here , I wanna tell you some - thing .... he take chuko aside . earl I wanna tell you something , ricky ricardo ... we all get tired of be the nigger around here ... so we tell Mr. B. we need a nigger of we own ... so he go and hire you ... you see , that 's what you be here for ... you be 's we nigger .... - chuko then I be the only nigger that can : | tell you to go hump yourself in two ° ( x language ... Te vaya chingar !! he squirt the plastic water bottle he always carry with he at Earl , like a water gun . Earl raise a fist but chuko ( X can dart away gleefully . : : 86 int . men' room . 86 the hooker write with she lipstick on the wall : marlene and joe forever . ' ; ( xx radio announcer ( v.o. ) I be gonna give away another pair of ticket to the first caller ... and I know you all know this one .... a7 car wash / be : 87 t.c. run madly for the telephone booth as another song begin ( X he dive into the phone booth . t.c. no dime ... ( he tear at _ .his pocket ) no dime ... shit .... a '' continued bf 87 87 - a 87 - B 87- C 87 - D #00353 37 ( X ) continued : 87 radio announcer ( v.0o . ) we have a winner .... t.c . oh , shit .... he kick the phone booth . car wash entrance : 87 - as the song fill the car wash a incredible roll royce pull in , drive by a chauffeur in beautiful livery . Three extreme - ly well - dress Black Men sit in the back seat . the men : 87 - awe-struck by the beautiful car . calvin skate by . calvin dyno-mite wheel ... dyno -mite !!!! int . men' room 87 - the hooker start cry and cross out marlene and joe forever and write marlene be here . car wash . . 87 - the chauffeur and two of the well - dress Black Men attend the third passenger in the roil . he step out now . he be dress extravagantly , wear diamond and carry a gold handle walk stick . it be reverend ike . calvin be the first to recognize he . calvin hey ... it 's the rev... it 's the rev ... hey reverend ike .... everyone react to this . the men - hey reverend ike ... whatcha say rev ... what 's happen .... his aide usher reverend ike away from the grow mob and towards snapper 's shoeshine stand . the man cluster around the car as lindy and hippo start to vacuum it . floyd my ole lady say he 's a crook . continued ss bf # 00353 oo 38 ( X ) 87-d continued . 87 | CO . lloyd j '' : ( look over the car ) sad Don ' even look dirty .... the chauffeur , disdainful of Lloyd point to a white spot on the hood . Lloyd look . . lloyd you havin ' the Whole car wash cause there 's one spot of pigeon shit ...? {to floyd ) I if he 's a crook ... he be not no : dumb crock . floyd ( lean inside where lindy and hippo work ) what 's it like lindy ? lindy like bein ' in church with burt reynold honey .... lloyd hey hippo stop sniffin ' the seat . - 87-e shoeshine stand 87 reverend ike sit like on a throne . his aide . attend he as snapper more thrilled than he have ever be in he life look up at reverend ike like he be God . snapper _ I be a loyal follower for this past seven year ... praise God for the glory of lettin ' I polish you shoe .... reverend ike God be in you brother .... snapper amen ... I only see one other pair of shoe like this in my whole life ...0n Mr. fat antoine domino ... yes , sir .... he go to polish reverend ike 's beautiful shoe but one of the Rev. 's aide stop he . he open a beautiful silver can of reverend ike 's own shoe polish . aide : reverend ike 's special polish .... continued > on 87 - F 88 through 91 92 93 #00353 32 ) continued 87 snapper ( delighted ) yes sir .... calvin skate by . calvin when I tell my granma I see rever - end ike she 's gonna cream she jeans .... reverend ike smile as snapper shoos calvin away . car wash / 87 - the car come through the car wash now . the man can hardly wait to get they hand on it . ' t omitted thri 9 entrance of car wash 9 : a very pregnant black woman in a old car try to get out of she car but have a lot of trouble . hippo help she . car wash 9 : slide , lonnie , duane , Charlie and . t.c. wash reverend ike 's car . floyd shit , man ... some guy get it make .... ' t.c. make in the shade with pink marma - lade .... lonnie just a car .... floyd just a car !!! the only car .... lloyd let I touch it again ... ( he do ) man , when I and floyd make it big ... we gonna have a car jus’ like this ... with ' the puturistics ' paint right on the side ... right there .... '' L continued i. 93 - a #00353 40 . ( x ) continued 9 calvin skate by . calvin L watch out you do not scratch they wheel , man , you scratch they wheel you go to hell . the man ignore he as they wash the car lovingly , linger over it longer than any other car . duane you all makin ' fool outta you - selve ... over this abomination ... drive by the great rip-off artist of all time .... / charlie _ shut up ... he will hear you .... duane ( get madder ) . I want he to hear I ... ( more determine ) yeah I want he to hear I !... he start move as the man finish with the car and it travel on . some of the man follow duane . shoeshine stand 93 - reverend ike step down as he aide help he . duane you a exploiter . pig ... you be not foolin ' I .... _ " reverend ike what 's you problem brother ? duane my problem be you be rich a ' I be poor a ' you get rich off the poor people .... reverend ike the best thing you can do for the poor be not be one of they .... duane you say you be a man of God and you worshippin ' money .... reverend ike of course I worship money ... do not let people tell you that money be evil ... it 's the lack of money that be the root of all evil . snapper amen .... hb # 00353 41 . ( X ) 94 int . office 94 CO the pregnant woman pay she bill . suddenly , she wince . marsha ' what 's the matter ?... pregnant woman nothing ... : ( she wince in pain again ) I ...T.e. Marsha run around the counter and help she . 95 : ext . men' room . . gE the hooker come out and look around . she see the commotion ' near reverend ike and duane . 95-a car wash : : qe reverend ike some black have make ’self - pity they - religion ... any kind of sob story you have ga get ... I can match it . I come from ae a- break home . I walk four mile to school every day and four mile back . you do not need any more sym - pathy or welfare ... you need a kick where you brain be . I could still be sit in South Carolina , on a log in the wood talk about ' poor black I . ' instead when I be a hoy work in a auto mechanic shop the head mechanic would say ' Boy do you think you will ever amount to any - thing ' I would straighten up , hold my shoulder back , tilt my chin and answer ' yes sir ' .... snapper and Charlie and calvin applaud as he aide guide he towards he car . — . 96 . to through omitted tt 99 9 100 ' exit of car wash : lu chuko wait for the other man to finish drying reverend ike 's car . then he jump in it and for a moment it be he car . he take on the attitude that match the opulence of the car and drive near the office for Marsha 's benefit . he honk the musical . horn . v a ~ od ) hb 100 - a 100 - B 100 - c he and he aide start to get into the car . #00353 42 ( xx ) back to reverend ike and the group 100 duane persist . angrier than ever . duane Black people on welfare and you drive around in a roll royce .... . reverend ike there 's God in all of we and you would not want God drive around in a volkswagon .... duane you be a hustler , out to enrich no - body but yourself .... reverend ike I see you torment brother ... and I want you to know that in everyone there reside the power to transform torment into joy and scarcity into abundance . or as the scripture so wisely state in proverbs xxiii , 7 , ' as a man thinketh , so be he '.... reverend ike I come to you today lookin ' good , feelin ' good and smellin ' good ... not interested in pie in the sky , bye and bye . we want we pie now with ice cream on it and a cherry on top .... one of he aide give chuko a big bill . reverend ike after all , what 's wrong with money , success and prosperity .... the window roll up and the car take off , in the midst of the commotion and some cheer and applause . close duane 10 he pantomime spitting at the car . int . office 100 the pregnant woman rest on a chair as a very sexy white girl pay Marsha . the two woman exchange charge glance . continued ee _s ss ss , eeeeety eee hb # 00353 : 43 | 100-c continued . 1 oo - ay Marsha be envious . Mr. B. watch the girl 's behind in she C | ed tight pants as she leave . marsha | trash .... mr. B. ( watch the girl 's ass ) G yeah...scum...scum .... now he turn to Marsha and whisper : mr . B. I be gonna try and get away after dinner ... you gonna be home ? marsha oo , maybe .... . suddenly the pregnant woman shriek . 100-d car wash _ 100 - co they reluctantly watch reverend ike 's car disappear . — '' 0 \& '' llod I hate to see it go .... charlie when you . be around as long as I have ... they all look the same .... lloyd well , I be not plannin ' to stay around that long , Charlie ... we gonna break in we act next weekend .... charlie I have some plan , too , once ... I be gonna be a bartender ... then someday maybe have my own bar ... yeah ...jus ' didn ' work out ... " ( he cough ) I be still here .... 101 '' int . office lo Marsha and Mr. B. fuss over the pregnant woman . Zz mr . B. what 's you doctor 's name ? continued #00353 44 continued 5 10 . pregnant woman hilburn .... int . inner office 10 Mr. B. race into he office . mr . B. Marsha , come here ... ( pick up phone ) Marsha .... she enter . mr . B. hello ...yes , list for a Doctor hilburn ... ( to Marsha ) ~ call the newspaper ... no , better yet , call . the tv station .... marsha why ...? mr. B. ( on phone ) 6048 .... ( write it down ) she 's gonna have that baby here and we be gonna get a million dollar 's worth of free publicity ... ( dial the number ; to Marsha ) well , go ahead and call .... marsha there 's plenty of time to get she to the hospital .... mr . B. Marsha .... she have be carry a movie magazine all this time , she thumb through it as she walk out and irwin run in . marsha ( to irwin ) do you like cher 's nose ...? irwin huh ?... yeah .... he be confuse by she question . continued 103 104 105 106 107 #00353 45 continued '' ° irwin I do not know , I never think of it before .... mr. B. ( steaming ) Marsha !!... i | she go to another phone as irwin enter the office and with - out speak go over and grab another disgusting danish . as he leave the office Mr. B. look downto the floor , he point of view . 1 irwin have leave a trail of sudsy puddle through the office . mr . B. inwintitit !! irwin be long go . . car wash 16 near the dryer . , . q t.c. , , I gotta win that radio contest , man -.- get the ticket for mona and I ... you know I make it with she once ... do I tell you ? . lloyd every day .... gq ( K. omitted 105 . ( xx ) burger stand loe the hooker sit have coffee as a band of biker cut out of the traffic and zoom towards the burger stand . there be a lot of noise and commotion as they arrive like a wild band of des - perado into a western town . the loudspeaker blast music as the bike flash by . hippo 1 he be thrilled by the beautiful machine . hippo look at they bike ... you know - - how much that 's worth ...? jy 108 and CA 109 110 co 111 112 113 { #00353 46 he point of view - the leader' bike . lindy I would rather have what 's on it , honey ... you know how much that 's worth ...? there point of view - burger stand the camera pan up the bike to the leader of the pack . he be a cheap copy of marlon brando in the Wild one . he get off he bike aware that he be the center of attention and walk up to the burger stand , eyeing Terry . Joe step in front she like Gary Cooper in High noon . : joe yeah .... leader of the pack hot dog .... joe how many ...? leader of the pack I will tell you when to stop .... ~ his pack cheer as the music blare . close shot - terry hot and bother . car wash entrance lindy get in the front seat of a big chevy to -clean it when suddenly a huge Saint Bernard jump up from where he leash to the hack beat . lindy scream and jump out of car . - : int . office Mr. B. eye the biker as the pregnant woman get up . mr . bl where be you go ...? continued eo» of ! ' 1 11. be the . 1 114 115 116 #00353 : 47 continued 1 pregnant woman I feel okay ... thank you .... ~ mr . B. but wait , you doctor say not to leave .... he grab Marsha . mr . B. do you call the papers ...? marsha uh-huh .... mr. B. well , what ! a they say ...? marsha they say they do not give a ' F ' if she have the baby in the street .... mr . B. animal .... behind they , the pregnant woman start to leave , when a pain hit she again . car wash / 1 hippo and lindy gingerly try to vacuum the chevy as the Saint Bernard strain at he leash and bark at they . another angle : ql : a foolish White Father and he two brat watch the dog terrify - ing hippo and lindy with glee . . foolish father and brat look at sparky ... hi , sparky .... calvin skate by . calvin see sparky ... see sparky bark ... see sparky scare the shit out of everyone . the burger stand , ; 1 a two girl from the biker dance together as the leader of the pack notice Marsha . yd 5 jy 117 118 119 120 121 122 123 #00353 ' 48 he point of view - office 1 through the office window he can see Marsha help the pregnant woman into a chair . Marsha bend low , display she goody in she low - cut sweater . : the leader of the pack 1 slowly he pick up he hot dog and push one of he girl aside as he slowly walk towards the office . car wash . 1 the chevy go through the car wash with sparky , the Saint Bernard , seal inside and bark ferociously as he strain on the leash . the man be scared to death as they hastily wash the car . : t.cc . Holy shit .... charlie it 's bigger than a lion .... lloyd look a little like Mr. B. 's wife .... behind they the leader of the pack approach the office . int . office 1 Marsha be unaware of he presence as she resume she posi - tion behind the register and take money from the foolish Father and the brat . the leader of the pack 12 : he walk slowly . he be almost at the office now . he point of view 1 the camera move closer towards Marsha as she finish with the foolish Father and he step out of the way and she be in full view . now she look up and as the camera move closer , she notice he . her point of view . 1 the leader of the pack stop outside the glass wall and after stare at Marsha for a moment start to eat he frankfurter very suggestively . he take he time and make the incident very sensual . 125 126 127 128 129 130 #00353 49 marsha . . 1 : she be very cool . behind she in he office Mr. B. put down the phone and suddenly become aware of what be go on . car wash exit 1 the chevy with the Saint Bernard come through to chuko now . he hesitates and then open the door to the car as sparky bark louder . chuko ( terrify ) madre di dios ... Nice doggie . Nice doggie .... the dog continue to bark as chuko freeze with fear . the other men 1 they be get a big kick out of watch chuko . foolish father and the brat i they think everything be adorable . foolish father and brat oh , sparky ... be not he cute ... look at sparky , dad .... chuko . le he reach inside and find the leash , undoe it and jump out of the way as the monstrous dog leap out of the car and run wild . foolish father and brat 1 foolish father and brat sparky !!!! they chase the dog , who run amuck . another angle - chuko : 1 this be he chance . he quickly jump into the chevy and finish he job . for jy 131 132 133 134 135 136 #00353 50 outside the office 1 the leader of the pack finish he hot dog even more sug - gestively than he begin it . Mr. B. can not take any more ; he open the office door . mr . 3 . get out of here , you animal ... get out before I call the cop .... the leader of the pack smile and continue to stare at Marsha . mr. B. do you hear I ?... go ahead ... get out ... . ( he turn inside ) Marsha , call the police .... she sit coolly . the leader of the pack . i he wait a long moment and then turn and walk toward he gang . car wash exit : 1 the foolish Father and he brat try to corner sparky . calvin skate by . calvin oh , man ... he 's takin ' a shit ... oh , man ... it 's like quicksand .... the burger stand : 13 the biker and everyone around they watch silently as the leader of the pack slowly get on he bike . he jump dramatic cally and start he powerful machine . then , after make as much of the moment as he can , he peel off as everyone watch . the leader of the pack 1 he circle for a moment and then .... car wash . 1 .-.. race in front of some car and come fly through the car wash . ° continued jy # 00353 51 136 continued : l q ) the man clutch the wall and jump out of the way as water spray ~ everywhere and the leader of the pack race to the exit , past the foolish Father and he brat get sparky back into the chevy and circle the office . he stop for a second and give Marsha a parting " hot " look . like the end of a terrible wester then he take off into the traffic , he noisy biker behind he 137 duane : 1 the biker ' performance have upset he the most of anyone . he burn with rage . duane I will kill he ... I ever get my hand on he ... i' 11 kill he . . 138 exit to car wash ' 1 Earl pick up a empty blue bakery box from the garbage bin near the burger stand and walk over to geronimo and goody . cc . here .... / : geronimo what 's this for ? earl earl to clean up the dog shit .... goody we do n'.clean up no shit , man .... earl Don ' give I no lip , clean up the shit .... : geronimo you clean it up .... goody yeah , you clean it up .... earl I do not get wet ... and I do not clean up no shit ... and if you do not do it right now I be gonna bust some head around here .... continued jy 138 139 140 141 #00353 52 continued Earl loom over they . geronimo and goody know he 's get they . they be furious but finally geronimo take the blue bakery box . during this a black car have pull in near they and a distinguished older black Doctor head for the office . office the Doctor enter . pregnant woman oh , Doctor hilburn .... doctor Mrs. Davis ...how often be the pain come ...? : pregnant woman I do not know .... marsha pretty often .... doctor come on ... we will get you to the hospital .... pregnant woman oh , Doctor hilburn .... ext . car wash t.c. watch the office . t.c. hey , what 's goin ' on .... lonnie look like the lady 's gonna have a baby .... there point of view the Doctor and Marsha and Mr. B. help Mrs. Davis to the Doctor 's car as , little by little , everyone from the car wash become involved in it . it be very exciting for they . it be suddenly they baby . they form a crowd towards the car . continued oo ? £ no 141 #00353 continued pregnant woman I just think I would have the car nice and clean for goin ' to the hospital .... . mr . B. do not worry about you car .... everyone happily escort she to the Doctor 's car . suddenly Mrs. Davis wince from another terrible pain . slide startin ' a ' baby pool ' ... choose the hour of birth .... slide start do business . marsha Doctor , be she go to be all right ? doctor of course she be .... marsha but I have never see anybody in so much pain .... doctor but , miss , this be childbirth ... childbirth , kidney stone : and gallstone be the three great pain in the world .... t.c . oh yeah , and how about when you sweetie- pie leave you ...? everyone laugh . Mrs. Davis get comfortable in the car as the Doctor get in . doctor Mrs. Davis will be just fine . Mrs. Davis lean forward . pregnant woman thank you , everyone .... lonnie good luck .... continued amk 141 142 143 144 145 #00353 54 continued - 2 le everyone cheer and wave good - bye as the Doctor and Mrs . Davis pull out . wide high shot - the car 1é - pull out and everyone wave good - bye . we linger on this for a moment . it 's a nice moment . close - loudspeaker lé disc jockey ( v.o. ) High noon and this be lawrence J. attila ... but you can call I ' ho n'.... a record start . ext , office le irwin take over the cash register as Marsha leave the office . she deliver a letter to scrugg and run into lindy on the way to the lady room . marsha_ - you lighten you hair .... lindy ' mango '... it 's not right yet .... she show he some picture she have tear from movie magazine . marsha I think I finally decide how I be gonna have my nose do ... I be think of Elizabeth Taylor from here to here ... ( she indicate the bridge of she nose ) ... and olivia Newton - John on the bottom . lindy oh , that will be flawless , honey ... flawless and not readable at all ».. I like the way you do you hair today .... they chat as chuko watch they . office le a delivery boy deliver Mr. B. 's lunch . 146 147 148 #00353 55 ( x ) arcade 1 slide and hippo gingerly sneak into the arcade . slide make sure Mr. B. be not watch . quickly he take out some key and slip the right one into the coca cola machine , he press a knob and suddenly over a dozen coke bottle some crash down one right after the other . he and hippo grab they and leave the arcade quickly . car wash chuko watch Marsha as she go into the lady ' room . now 's he walk over to goody . chuko lend I you hat .... he indicate the mickey mouse ear that goody always wear . . goody . you crazy .... chuko come on , loan I you hat for a minute .... ' goody why ?... chucko come on , one minute .... goody I do not like to be without my ear , man .... chucko come on , one minute .... reluctantly goody give up he ear . int . locker roo ! check that no one be really watch he , chucko sneak up to the back . ' here be a frost window up high . he stand on a garbage pail . int . lady ' room Marsha sit on the toilet look at she movie star picture when casually she look up . be . 149 150 150-a C 4si 1s1 - a #00353 56 . ( X ) . her point of view 14 '' chuko , wear the mouse ear , have press he face against the frost glass so the whole effect be very grotesque and weird . marsha 15 '' she scream . car wash - : 150 - slide have give one of the coke to t.c. who quickly take a slug . . t.c. thanks .... slide only fifteen cent .... . t.c. pifteen cent ?... you jive mother .... slide take the Coke back . slide you don ' like my price . go pay a quarter in the machine .... begrudgingly t.c. take back the Coke and fish in he pocket for the change . ' t.c. you gonna get bust someday slide ... , . . omitted . . 151 another . angle . : — . 151-2 chuke return goody 's ear . chuko thank you for you ear .... lloyd ( look . over at the five Spot ) _ hey , they get rib today ... I be gonna have I some rib .... floyd I too ... how ' bout you , duane ? continued i drm # 00355 oy ( X ) 151-a continued 151 duane ivtal ' you my name be abrmilah a ' '' - aso tot ! - you ‘f - dem ' - eat meat ... I be off the pig ... I eat natural - eooed , .not. slave food ... lloyd ( to floyd ) Excuse my.fost , - brother ... be rib whey giggle as Marsha come out of the lady ' roum , walk over to where goody stand laugh . his back be to she . grabbing a bucket of sudsy water , she overturn it on he head . and - sthen walk away . '' ' goody ( totally miff ) ~ what .. whatdid - i.do ?. all . the other man break up , especially chuko . goody > shit , - man...what ‘!d 1.dp ?... she 's oc erazy ... get ber brain in she ~ ea gr . es ' goody . look -to chuko , he realize he be behind this . goodyy what would you do with my ear man ?... nothin ' I swear it .... ' chuko start '' to ' back away . goody begin to chase he . serugys ' approach with he letter in he hand . he get catch between chuko and goody as they dodge and chase around he . finally they run off and scrugg make he way over to . where geronimo sit in the shade eat a hero sandwich , . scrugg I get a letter from my sister ... look she have puppy ... ( he hold out a photograph ) geronimo you sister ? scrugg no my hound dog abigail ... my sister 's takin ' care of she ... till I come back home ... continued oq '' bf 151 - a 152 153 153- a 154 . #00353 58 ( xx ) continued - 2 151-2 scrugg ( cont would ) ...- if I ever get home again ... listen , I be real upset about charlene ... I be gonna call she .... he start to get up , geronimo stop he . geronimo relax ... I tole you it 's good for a woman to not take you for grant «-- tonight when you get home she 's gonna know who 's boss ... ( scrugg be unsure ) trust I ... I be a expert on this matter ... be not I be marry three a ' a half time .... omitted 152 another angle 153 duane busy a health food sandwich from a young white girl who sell they from a basket . he be angry and distant as usual as he pay she for the sandwich . young white girl ( open and friendly , she try to make eye contact ) peace , brother .... duane 153 - a he look at she now . her smile be so genuine and she manner so open . duane ( softly , this 7 oe be hard for he to do ) yeah ... yeah ... peace .... she go on she way . goody continue to chase chuko . chuko dart behind a car . goody run the other way and chuko double back elude he once more . as they reach Mr. B. 's office they stop run and casually pass by the office window as if noth - ing be go on . goody be a few foot behind chuko . as they pass the office window Mr. B. be read a newspaper while irwin sit at the cash register . they nod politely , as if nothing be wrong . then as soon as they be out of Mr. B 's sight the chase begin again . int . five spot 154 it be jump at lunch time as t.c. enter and make a bee - line for the jukebox . he play a Love song . continued 155 155 - a #00353 59 {x ) continued 154 behind he , Marsha enter the luncheonette and ' sit down at a small table . t.c. finish he selection and sit down at the counter . he stare longingly at mona as she bustles about the room ignore he . another angle 155 the owner of the five Spot , a black man in he mid-forty name hubert , stop by Marsha 's table . hubert what be you gonna have today , Marsha ? Marsha consult a page from a fashion magazine she carry with she . it be she current diet . . marsha today I can have six ounce of hamburger , some cottage cheese , tea , no sugar , and a piece of whole wheat toast with no butter .... through the window behind Marsha we can see goody still chas - ing chuko , as Mr. B. come out of he office . ext . car wash . 155-a mr . B. . what 's go on here ... you think this be a playground ... wash car .... goody we be on we lunch hour .... then eat lunch ... go ahead you hear | | mr. B. | I ... | reluctantly they stop the chase as Mr. B. go back ' inside . | chuko you hear Mr. b.... goody I will get you chuko .... Justin guide goody toward the five Spot , as he still glare at chuko . continued jp l55 - a 156 157 #00353 60 continued 155 - chuko ( X ) in you dream pocahantas .... chuko pass Lloyd and floyd who be rehearse they act . ( X ) int . car wash office . ~ 156 Mr. B. go back to he newspaper and he lunch as irwin fini- ( x ) shes with a customer and turn to he on the swivel stool . : irwin hey , dad ... like , let 's rap .... Mr. B. look up . irwin : like , it 's kind of important .... : mr. B. . not while I be eat ... Ray hoenig almost choke to death the other day ... he be eat a chicken sand - wich and he son decide at that moment to tell he that he 's a homosexual ... he get a piece of chicken catch right here ... ( indicate he throat ) ++.- so please , we will talk later .... irwin no sweat ... it 's cool .... irwin turn back to the register . mr . B. you be not a homosexual , be you ? irwin not yet ....' int . pive spot 157 Justin and goody stand wait for coffee to take out . goody take the rag he carry in he pocket and , take some butter pat that sit in a small bowl in front of they , he place a butter pat on he rag and then , by yanking the rag taut , catapult the butter pat to the ceiling , where it stick . he and Justin be loving this . Justin load butter pat on the rag and fire away . no one else be aware of this . the camera continued gab # 00353 : 61 157 continued . be travel with mona as she pass they with a stack of dirty dish and go behind the counter where t.c. sit wait . mona _ ( hardly look * at he ) what will it be ?.... t.cc. ( real sweet ) hi , baby .... mona listen , I get no time .... t.c. what 's the special ? mona rib and wing .... . t.c. wing ?.... a '' mona a yeah , chicken wing .... he look she up and down . t.c . I have always be a breast and thigh man , myself .... she be disgust and start to walk away as t.c. stop she . t.c. how.. come you so cold to I , mona ....? : mona I - go out with . you , do not I ? t.c. : well , how about tonight ? '' mona t.c. , it jus ' be not in the card for you a ' I .... . t.c. but why ?.... ( on : . 4 . continued ts on 157 b y 158 's 158-a ( \- _s == #00353 62 ( X ) continued - 2 ll : she think for a moment . mona you be just a nigger , t.c. I be not goin ' out with nigger no more ... they get no class . t.c. can not believe what he 's hearing . t.c . you better turn around and look in that mirror , gal ... you skin 's tryin ' to tell you something .... he get up to . leave . t.cc . you hear that song I play for you on the jukebox ... it 's call " inseparable ' ... it 's dedicated to you thigh .... ext . car wash . 1 near the exit of the car wash , a travel lunch truck stop . a large chicano woman name rosie blow a whistle she wear around she neck . the truck feature burrito and taco and be run by rosie 's three attractive daughter . the whistle be music to chuko 's ear , he be over in a flash speak Spanish and flirt with rosie 's daughter . another angle 158 lonnie watch as a White man in he early forty park he car , and get out walk into the car wash area . lonnie be disturb and go toward the man . man ( friendly ) hello , lonnie .... lonnie what be you doin ' here ? man it 's we policy to visit we man from time to time at they place of work .... fonnie listen , I report every month like I be suppose to ... you don ' have to come here checkin ' up on I .... continued | ts # 00353 63 | ( x ) man it 's just part of my job .... : lonnie you think I have be lyin ' and I ain ' workin ' here no more ? c 158-a continued 158 - t : man ' lonnie .... ' lonnie ' . huh ... you think I be still such a bad face I be back to rippin ' off gas station . man ( uncomfortable ) lonnie please .... . lonnie you embarrassed ?... huh ?... well I be not ... I serve my time ... didn ' I ? +.. I get parole ... I report ... I keep my goddam job ... I wash the goddam car ... so how come you can not leave I alone ?.... man I , tell you I be just do my job .... lonnie a ' I be jus ' doin ' mine ... an' I can not afford to lose it ... it wouldn ' sit right with my parole officer .... lonnie turn bitterly and go back to work . 158-b parole officer : : 158-3 he write something down in he notebook and walk back to he car . | 158 -c burger stand 158 -c Joe watch angrily as rosie do some business . hippo stand at the burger stand , he transistor radio press to he ear as Terry serve he the 99 '' hamburger special . hippo eye the hooker who be also at the counter . she ignore he and walk away . in the distance t.c. leave the five Spot and walk back to the car wash . calvin skate by hippo . continued ts # 00353 64 ( X ) ~ 158-c continued 158 c 3 calvin it 's a sin to eat horsemeat on Fridays .... Joe raise a meat cleaver as calvin skate off . 159 omitted . 159 160 entrance to car wash 160 a white woman drive in . next to she a man sit dress in a suit but ais head and hand be totally wrap in bandage . he only have two narrow slit where he eye be . the woman get out and move to the other side of the car as lindy approach . woman you want to get out , harold ?.... man in bandage ( a weak , frail , | whiney sing - song ) . eeeuuuunnnhhh ... eeeuuunnnhhh .... | | she understand this to mean " no " . 161 : 161 through omitted thry - 163 163 164 ext . near locker room 164 | lonnie sit in the sun finish a sandwich . a saxophone from somewhere play a blue . . | 165 int , locker room . 165 duane sit alone play the sax . outside in the distance we can see lonnie sit finish he lunch . as duane finish play , snapper shuffles . into the locker room and put he thermos bottle away . then he watch duane as duane ' putshis . saxophone back in he . locker . snapper you be wastin ' you time here ... you get real talent ... I mean it ..- you wastin ' you time here .... duane . I give up my music for the ' Movement ' +.. now the ' Movement ' give up ... ( he be sad for a moment , then become . : . bitter again ) @ a ' don ' you worry , ole man ... I wouldn ' be here if my welfare hadn 's run out .... continued ce 165 166 167 #00353 65 continued : 165 snapper ( cheery , lose in he own thought ) I use to know ' Bird 's ... you know , Charlie parker ... but all of he friend use to call he ' Bird ' ... so.one day I say , ' Bird , ' why do not you .... duane ( lash out bitterly ) why don ' you cut the shit .... snapper : wha '? duane I be sick of you . mouth ... all the time shootin ' off how you know this one and that one .... lonnie hear this . snapper but° I do .... duane yeah ... then how come you shinin ' ' shoe in a chicken shit car wash . snapper be hurt and confuse as duane storm out of the room . snapper move to the doorway and look at lonnie . snapper . I ... I do know they ... lonnie , I do .... lonnie I :know you do , snapper ... he didn 's mean nothin ' 's .... lennie gather up he stuff , omitted : 166 . . ( X ) car wash 167 the Men wash the car with the bandace man inside . this be very weird . 2 . continued cc # 00353 . 66 mo 167 continued . 167 : t.c. you think it 's the invisible man .... . floyd ( try to control himself ) sssssh ... don ' make I crack up .... he try to control himself , but it 's no use ; the sight of the bandage man just sit in the close car as they wash be too much for he . he turn away . 168 lloyd : 168 he watch three good - look Black Girls get out of a car at the entrance . lloyd well , good morning , heartache . he watch they as they leave they car to lindy and walk towards the burger stand . as they reach the stand , four black man in yellow coverall arrive . the back of they coverall advertise a rival car wash . oe . lloyd hey , chuko .... chuko stand nearby about to eat a burrito . Lloyd get he ( X ) attention and indicate the burger stand . 169 lloyd and chuko . 169 they smile at each other . chuko carefully put he burrito ( X ) down . goody watch he . : . | 170 . another angle 170 | duane go back to work angrily as lonnie join hin . : lonnie how come you talk to snapper like that ... huh ?... he do not mean no harm .... -. duane he give I a pain in the ass ... hey ... leave I alone , huh .... ° : lonnie start work . cc 171 172 173 #00353 67 burger stand . 171 the four man in yellow place they order . the hooker sit at the counter ; she eye the man casually , but they be interested in the three black secretary who be also order - ing they lunch . the loudspeaker blare . ext . car wash 172 Justin get in the car with the bandage man . justin hi ...how be you doin ' ?.... the bandage man just make he pathetic whine . bandaged man eeeeuuuuuuuuhhhhhh .... justin that 's good .... burger stand 173 as the four man in yellow try to get cozier with the three black secretary , chuko , Lloyd and floyd arrive . the four man in yellow eye they suspiciously as chuko and Lloyd and floyd look they over , smile . lloyd ( very loud for everyone 's benefit ) hey , floyd ... you hear of the four top ?.... floyd uh~-huh .... well , what we get here be the four. bottom .... this crack they up along with some of the girl . man in yellow # 1 go wash the car , nigger .... Lloyd come closer now . lloyd how be thing at the wrong car wash ? continued cc con 173 174 #00353 68 ( % ) continued 173 man in yellow # 2 Automatic ... that 's how thing be ... completely automatic ... the car wash themselves ... we barely gotta touch ‘em ... not bustin ' we ass in dirty water like some tired nigger I know .... lloyd we be craftsman and artist here ... we give the personal touch .... man in yellow # 2 ( indicate he crotch ) I get you personal touch .... his companion crack up as the girl snigger . lloyd save it for you mother .... chuko love this and chime in . : chuko yeah save it for you mother .... the man in yellow # 2 move close to chuko . man in yellow ( menacingly ) you wanna start something ' spic .... chuko ( seriously very respectfully ) no sir .... he be face to face with the man in yellow and raise the plastic spray bottle he always have hang from he pocket , he squirt the man in the face . the man in yellow . 174 as. Lloyd . and floyd crack up the man in yellow reach for he spray bottle and spray chuko in the face . man in yellow # 1 now you get a wet front to go with - you wet back ... spic ! chuko squirt again . the man in yellow squirt again . the hooker sense what 's come . she move away from the stand . : 7 '' continued cc 174 174 - a 174 - B 174-c 174- D back to the fight : 174 - 300353 69 continued — i74 . hooker I be go , honey .... the black secretary scream and jump aside as all hell break loose and chuko and the man in yellow squirt wildly . at each other and everyone grab for they plastic sprayer and the gunfight at the 0 .k. corral break out with water bottle . behind they the car with the bandage man sit wait at the exit . the water fight take Lloyd and a man in yellow close to the car . the bandage man start to whine as he see they come near he . . bandaged man 's eeeeeuuuuuuuuuhhhh .... he be terrify as they jump around the car which sit with the door open , wait for the driver to return . bandaged man . ( terrify ) . eeeeeuuuuuuuuuhhhh .... eeeeeeeuuuuuuuuuhhh .... Lloyd and the man in yellow squirt around the car and over it as the bandage man continue he pathetic whining . goody 174 he watch the action from afar . then he look over to chuko 's burrito . next he quickly run over to rosie 's truck . - back to chuko 174 he grab the nozzle off he water bottle and dump the water straight on the man in yellow . the girl scream and the fight get wilder . another angle oe / " 174 goody return from rosie 's truck carry a red bottle mark ( X ) " hot " . he head for chuko 's burrito . |. . ( x ) the man in yellow follow chuko and pull the top off he bottle now . chuko duck and it hit Joe behind the counter . joe ~ hey , wait . a minute .... continued cc # 00353 70 174-d - continued Joe jump over the counter as chuko grab a glass of water sit on the counter and fill he mouth spit a gusher at the man in yellow . in the distance , behind they , the woman quickly get in she car and drive away with the bandage man who be still moan . 175 omitted 176 joe he get in the middle of the fight as sudddenly Terry throw a pail of water at all of they and Mr. B. come rush out of he office . . mr. B what 's go on here ?... get back to work , all of you ... ~ ( to the Men in yellow ) you , too ...or I will call you boss .... they start to leave reluctantly . man in yellow # 1 ( to chuko ) , you jus ' come by we place , Taco Bell !... you will never walk again .... chuko the smell , huh .... man in yellow # 2 '' you mother smell .... besame culoiit : calvin skate by . calvin ( to the Men in yellow ) go eat the hairy canary .... man in yellow # 2 so 's you mother .... calvin up yours , yellow drawer .... the man continue to hurl last minute insult at each other as Terry hand Joe a towel . 174 - 175 ( x ) 176 177 177 - a 177-3 #00353 71 ( X ) car wash 177 irwin take advantage of the confusion to confer privately with slide . slide dynamite shit ... right .... irwin well , I do not know ... you think I could try another taste .... slide sure you can .... irwin get real excited . slide for fifty buck , baby .... slide smile . reluctantly , irwin reach for he wallet . behind they chuko return to work like a triumphant warrior . chuko didja ' see they man ... they be shittin ' ... we have they on the he be pleased with himself as he bite into he burrito . close - chuko : 177 almost like in a cartoon , he face go bett red and he eye boil ... he drop the burrito and run for the men' room . int . men' room 177 - he push he mouth under the faucet as cold water rush into he mouth . goody appear at the door now . : goody Don ' ever mess with a indian , mman ... we know for we revenge .... chuko sputter and choke . Water run all over he face . goody - we take care of custer and we can take care of you .... goody walk away as he let out with a war whoop . gs ip 177-c 178 178- a 179 700353 72 car wash . 177 - ( X ) disc jockey ( v.q. ) okay , let 's try for another winner .... t.c. start move . disc jockey ( v.0 . ) I be givin ' away two more ticket .... _ phone booth 178 t.c. run for the phone booth as a song begin . t1.c. reach the phone booth but the hooker be use it . he pound on the booth but she ignore he . t.cc . oh , shit .... disc jockey ( v.0o . ) we have a winner in downey .... t.cc . oh , shit .... he kick the booth and storm away . int . phone booth 178 -. the hooker ah...hello ... be , uh , Joe there ... uh , Joe ...¥ you be not get no Joe ... well , this be the number he give I ... no , huh ... okay .... she hang up . she be sad for a moment and then leave the phone booth . car wash 179 t.c. go back to work . t.c. I know this song ... I have know every song they play today .... behind he chuko watch Marsha as she return to work . the camera travel past chuko to where Justin work wiping the inside of a car . €& jp 180 181 182 #00353 73 int . car Justin work on the windshield . he point of view he become aware of he girl friend , Loretta . she have park she car and now walk toward he . justin he get out of the car and walk toward she . there be much tension between they . loretta hi .... justin . I be workin ' .... loretta ( léok at she watch ) I have to be back in fifteen minute .... they stand awkwardly . loretta I have be upset all morning . . not since the fight .... justin there 's no fight ... I be not goin ' back to school .... loretta Justin , please .... justin I listen to you and my folk long enough now , and what do I have to show for it ?... I be gettin ' a real job ... we be gettin ' marry ... no more waitin' , that 's it .... loretta ( this be very painful for she ) then ... then ... I will not marry you .... justin what ?.... continued 180 181 182 {x ) ip 182 183 #00353 74 continued 182 behind they Mr. B. become aware of they from he office . loretta I will not marry you unless you finish school .... justin you be talkin ' crazy .... she start to cry . loretta I be not .... chuko , aware that Mr. B. be watch they , whistle sharply . Justin become aware of the situation with Mr. B . justin I gotta go back to work . listen , stop talkin ' crazy ... you will do what I say , Loretta .... loretta I will not ... you will never see I again .. Mr. B. step outside now . chuko hey , Justin .... justin I gotta go ... we will talk later .... . loretta ( cry ) no ... she sob as she run back to she car . Justin go back to work , . office . : 183 Mr. B. go back inside . he make fun of the song that be play . mr . ob. dah...dah ... yata dah ... do not they get sick of it ... you think once , maybe just once a Frank Sinatra ... a perry como .... continued 3p 183 184 185 186 #00353 75 continued 18 marsha it 's you place ... play what you want .... mr . B. you think so , huh ? just watch . he turn the dial to a station that play standard . a slow ballad fill the car wash . car wash 18 the man all react to the square music . they " boo " and for Mr. B. 's benefit.do a elaborate pantomime of work in slow motion . : mr . B. see .... he switch the music back to soul as in the distance through the glass window a old chevy convertible full of surfer pull into the car wash . ext . entrance - surfer 18 they car radio blast . the surfer jump out of the car and pool they money to wash the old chevy which have obviously never be wash . ( x int . office 18 a smartly dress Black woman pay for she car washas she notice Marsha put on nail polish . en —.. '' smartly dressed woman oh , I do not know that they make that color any more .... Marsha hesitates . smartly dressed woman now with the new ' summer frosty ' here .... marsha ' summer frosty ? ' suddenly the woman open she black attache case and a entire cosmetic line appear . continued drm # 00353 76 186 continued cr smartly dressed woman ver hi... I be janine Everett ...' essence of afro cosmetics ' .... Marsha be thrilled by the display . 187 ext . car wash the surfer put the old top up on the chevy as hippo and lindy vacuum the car . hippo watch the hooker who sit nearby drink from a beer can with a paper bag wrap arourid it . she be aware he be cruise she , but play it cool . he finish with the surfer 's car and send it on as suddenly he grab he stomach . hippo ooooh .... he call to irwin who be head for the laundry room . hippo hey , irwin .... o& . irwin ae what 's wrong ?... hippo . I get a real bad stomach ache .... irwin walk over . hippo could you cover for I a minute ? ' irwin sure .... radio announcer ( v.o. ) and now the Super soul sure shot .... a song begin aga hippo walk toward the locker room . he pass the hooker on he way , and reach the locker room door turn back and stare at she with what he consider he most seductive stare . 186 187 ( X ) drm 168 and 191 192 193 ' 194 195 196 197 198 #00353 77 : 188 omitted . and 191 ( xx ) the hooker 192 she 's cool , hippo . 193 he try to get she attention now . hippo pssst ...hey .... the hooker . 194 she take she time , but look at he finally . hippo , 195 he motion for she to follow he . the hooker : 196 she look around and then take she time slowly get up and truck casually in he direction . hippo 197 he be excited as she come near he . he glance around to make sure they be not be observe . as she come closer he speak to she . hippo it 's real hot , be not it ...? the hooker ( almost to herself ) uh-huh .... int . locker room vestibule 198 he duck inside and wait excitedly as she near the entrance . she hover in the doorway . they be very close . + drm 198- a 199 199 - a 200 , 201 #00353 78 hippo 198-aa he be breathe fire as he touch she arm . hippo Real hot .... then he touch she tit . he almost faint . hippo hot ...hot .... the hooker ( nothing phase . she ) if you really wanna feel something - hot you oughta put you hand on this beer .... they disappear into the locker room . car wash 199 the old surfer 's chevy go thraugh . as the man start to wash it the water pressure prove too strong for the old convertible top and it begin to shred away . in second there be just a metal frame 's attach to the car , and the car be fill with water . the men ' : 199 -a they be upset at first as the top dissolves in front of they but then the humor of it strike they and they crack up . in fact it be the great laugh they have have all day . t.c. laugh so hard he be cry . Charlie have a cough fit and even duane , who be always so sour , break down . the . surfer . . 200 they have be play with the pinball machine in the Glass arcade that separate the car wash from the customer . sud - denly they notice the car . the men' point of view 201 the surfer freaking out . this only make they laugh harder . continued drm 201 o™ ke 202 # 00353 ) 79 continued 20 : lonnie ( try to yell while laugh ) Mr. B ... ( he crack up ) Mr. be ... int . office / 20 : Mr. B. become aware of the commotion . he get up and pass through the outer office where everything be be hold up as Marsha look through the complete line of cosmetics . -smartly dressed woman then there 's ' copper sheen ' eye shadow .... marsha I will take it .... smartly dressed woman and this new eye cream .... marsha I will take it ... {she take another bottle ) and one of this .... smartly dressed woman well , I do not think you need this one .... marsha why not ? . smartly dressed woman well , this be a skin bleach .. . marsha oh .... : Marsha go on to the next product eagerly as Mr. B. pass . mr . ob . Marsha , please .... she ignore he as he go outside . the surfer confront Mr. B. as the man continue to break up . on é na drm 203 204 205 #00353 80 entrance car wash . 203 lindy vacuum a car as irwin read to he from Chairman mao 's red book . irwin ' every Communist work in the mass movement should be a friend of the mass and not a boss over they ... a indefatigable teacher and not a bureaucratic politician ' «« . can you dig it ? lindy be unimpress . lindy who would you say say all that ?.... irwin Chairman mao ... mao Tse tung ... the head dude for all the Red chinese .... lindy be he anything like Bruce Lee ? . irwin lindy , this 'is Chairman mao ... ( he point to he T-shirt ) «leader of 700 million people ».- do not you know anything about what 's goin ' on in the world situation ? lindy honey , I only care what 's goin ' on in the deluxe car wash ... and at the montonero 's beauty School , where I will soon graduate and open up a string of beauty parlor get very rich and announce my . engagement to Mr. Robert redford .... ext . locker room . a 204 hippo leave the locker room sheepishly . he scurries back to work . ' it be the first time we have see he without he transistor radio . he point of view 205 Mr. B. argue with the surfer . continued / A. drm # 00353 8l 205 continued 205 hippo take he place at work . hippo thanks , irwin .... irwin sure ... you feel better ?.... hippo {a big smile ) you better believe it .... 206 int . office 206 Mr. B. storm in follow by the surfer . Marsha continue to test lipstick , etc . mr . B. I will give you one free car wash .... surfer you owe I for a new top .... mr . B. I do not . here , one free car wash and it 's a gift . surfer listen , my father 's a judge .... mr . B. take two free car wash . he go behind to the register . Marsha be into the cold cream . mr . B. marshal!llit ! 's marsha I drop my contact lens in the cold cream .... he hand the free pass to the surfer .... surfer you owe I for a new top , you fink «eeI will get you ... we will come back '' at night and destroy this place ... we will picket it ... you be a lousy fink . his friend drag the surfer out . continued drm # 00353 82 206 continued 206 mr . B. my brother begge I not to go into this business . he say go into parking lot ... I tell he he be crazy and today he can buy and sell I .... he talk with a small voice and go into he little office close the door . Marsha continue to sample cosmetics . beat . suddenly , the door fly open and he yell . mr . B. Marsha !!! ' will you stop that !!! 207 car wash . 207 the surfer drive off as the camera travel to include the wash team as irwin work with they . irwin but somebody have to take the responsibility of get mao 's word to this car wash ... to over - throw the reactionary ruling class «+- to unite .... no one be impressed . irwin duane .... duane glare at he . irwin I mean Abdullah . .. you aig where I be come from ? irwin pull out he red book . irwin mao say ... ' Revolutionary war be the anti-toxin .... ' duane can not take it any longer . he move over to irwin . duane look , son of the exploiter pig ... I want you to dig where I be come from ... continued drm # 00353 . 83 207 continued . 207 duane ( cont would ) «.. the revolution you talk about ’... when it happen ... an' it 's gonna happen ... then you gonna be work here for real ... not jus ' foolin ' around ' playin’ in the water ; .. an' I be gonna be in that office over there dockin ' you every time you white ass be late ... you understan ' what kind of revolution we gonna have now ?... we gonna run you white ass and you all get to sing ' we shall overcome ' in chinese .... he take irwin 's book and throw it in a barrel of water . irwin that 's not what I mean .... irwin go to get he book . lindy have be watch and listen to all of this . he saunter up toward duane now with a disgust look on he face . lindy I be so tired of you runnin ' off you mouth ... it 's gettin ' I down honey ... why don ' you get outta here a ' be a assassin ... or be the only thing you good at shootin ' off be that big mouth ... go burn somethin’ honey ... go burn you bra .... some of the man , especially Lloyd and floyd enjoy lindy 's stand up to duane . : duane you be a damage soul lindy .... lindy who you callin ' damage ? duane you , you poor unhealthy soul ... destroy by the system ... it 's the system 's way of destroy we real Men , now when we need we man the most .... . he be sad for lindy . lindy step closer to he and put he hand on he hip glare at duane . lindy honey , I be more man than you will cg ever be ... a ' more woman than L you will ever get .... feng = continued hb # 00353 84 ( x ) 207 continued - 2 207 mi the man hoot and cheer as lindy walk off in a grand huff . : at the- same time duane become distract by a black man wear - ing dark glass and watch duane from the glass arcade . duane speak to lonnie . duane cover for I .... 208 omitted . 208 209 lonnie . 209 watch as duane move out of the car wash to meet the black man . lonnie seem disturb . 209-a car wash entrance 209 -a a strange man wear a black hat and coat leave he car with lindy and hippo . hippo eye the man suspiciously . 210 glass arcade 210 as duane meet the black man with glass the vend machine man arrive and be fill the machine . 211 omitted . 211 211-a hippo 211 - a as hippo watch strange man buy a coke , but empty the content and go to the men*s room . , 211-b glass arcade , 211 - B slide talk with the vend machine man . slide we get to watch the action on the machine . Earl be wise .... 211 -c car wash 211 -' hippo watch as the strange man in the Black hat and coat exit from the Men 's room carry a brown paper bag . his eye bug out and he get t.c. ' 's attention . . Co. 211 -p car wash * 2ni-p g L - hippo get t.c. 's attention . continued hb # 00353 85 211-d continued 211 - i . hippo ~ I hey , t.c... ( he motion ) come ‘ere .... t.c. go over to hippo . . t.cc . what be it ?... . hippo you see that guy ? 212 there point of view 212 the strange man move toward the office . t.cc. uh-huh .... . hippo well , you know what he 's get in that bag .... t.c. no .... hippo a Coke bottle .... t.c . you call I over here to tell I that guy 's get a Coke bottle .... hippo a Coke bottle with silver foil pluggin ' up the top .... t.c. so ?... hippo s0??72?772 ?? - hippo point to a glass - enclose newspaper seller . on the front page be the headline " coke bottle bomber strike again " and a photograph of the Coke bottle bomb with the silver foil plugging up the top . oe 212-a close - t.c. : , : 212 -8 = this appeal to he every dramatic instinct . continued na eeeenee ee nsneen anne . hb # 00353 , 86 212-a continued 212-2 t.c. . be cool ... just be cool .... 213 . '' slass arcade 213 ( x ) t.c. enter the arcade follow by hippo . 214 another angle . . 214 t.c. and hippo gingerly make they way down the arcade to where the strange man watch he car be wash . 215 ° t.c. 215 he strain over the strange man 's shoulder and look into the - . bag . 216 insert - he point of view ' . 216 the top of the Coke bottle stuff with tinfoil . 217 t.c. . 217 j» ) his eye bulge 's as he move quickly away from the strange man and hippo follow . t.c . it 's he ... he 's get the bomb .... hippo re 's gonna blow we up ... ( he start to shriek ) we be the next target .... t.c. grab he and put he hand over hippo 's mouth . t.c . he will hear you and drop it as sure as shootin' .... hippo 's eye be craze as t.c. let he go . hippo ntry to whisper hysterically ) what be we gonna do ? t.c . this be a job for ...‘ the fly ’... I get to get it away from he .... hb 218 219 220 221 222 #00353 . 87 there point of view the strange man walk into the office now . t.c. he follow slowly , stick close to the wall . hippo cower down at the end of the arcade . t.c. reach the glass wall near the office . he point of view the strange man step up to pay Marsha . as he take out he wallet , he set the paper bag with the Coke bottle down on the counter . t.c. this : be he chance . he dash into the office and grab the bag . Marsha scream and the strange man shout . strange man my bag .... glass arcade t.c. run out into the crowded arcade . : t.c. I get it .... the strange man run out , now follow by Marsha and some of the other customer . strange man he steal my bag . 7.c. and hippo barrel down the hall shriek . t.c . out of my way .... strange man he 's get my bag .... a male customer hear the strange man and try to stop t.c . there be mass confusion . 7 218 219 220 221 222 bt 222-a 223 223- a 224 225 226 #00353 88 t.c. 222-2 he throw the bag to hippo . hippo scream with terror as he catch it and run out of the arcade into the car wash . the crowd pursue , lead by the male customer , t.c. and the strange man. : the car wash °223 hippo barrel through the car wash as the grow crowd pursue . hippo ( scream ) watch out ... watch out .... hippo slip and slide on the wet pavement . he juggle the bottle in the bag as he try to keep he balance . t.c. shriek as he try to make it to , hippo , but he slip and slide through the '' sud ; " ' also . just when it seem that hippo have get he foot , he slip and crash to the ground . t.c. ( scream ) hippo .... as hippo hit the ground , he throw the bag up in the air in t.c. 's direction . t.c. 223-2 miraculously he catch it . another angle . 224 snapper stand on he shoeshine chair peeping over the partition watch . another angle . 225 duane and the black man wear dark glass become aware of the excitement . Marsha and Mr. B. be outside the office . everyone be involved in the chase now . tc. 226 he run wildly as the people try to catch he . , continued 227 228 dp . 229 + 229 - a #00353 89 continued 226 t.cc. : out of my way .... mr . B. what 's go on here ? car wash 227 t.c. run wildly toward the exit . the male customer in hot pursuit . t.c. see a big barrel of water and race for it , but the male customer tackle he and t.c. go down scream as the bottle in the bag fly out of he hand .... t.c . it 's a bomb ...! everyone scream now and dive for cover . the bottle in the bag : . 228 in slow motion the bottle spin in the air as all hang suspend . it come down and splatter all over the pavement . there be dead silence as the film return to normal speed . t.c. 229 he lay with he head bury under he arm . after a moment of the silence he peek out . . there be nothing . he sniff around . t.c. piss ... ( he sniff again ) it 's piss ... it 's piss .... another angle oe , 229 - a the strange man step forward now . | strange man I ... I be just take a sample to my doctor .... the crowd sigh with relief . there be much commotion and laughter now . . bt 230 nn with ro nu uw nn 233 #00353 90 t.c. 230 he feel like a fool . omitted 231 ( X ) near the office 232 Mr. B. esccrt the strange man . mr . B. I ... I be terribly sorry , sir ... I would like to replace ... I mean I can not replace it ... but ... ( he slip the man five dollar ) .-- and , of course , the car wash be for free .... he escort the strange man into he office as he glare at t.c. through the glass . strange man it take I two day to go ... you know , I have this operation .... they go inside . : car wash , . 233 Lloyd come up to t.c. lloyd you just be not cool , man ... you just be not cool .... t.c. and hippo look to each other sheepishly as the camera move to include lonnie , who watch duane as he bid good - bye to the black man wear dark glass and come back to work . lonnie | be not that tony fredrick ...? . duane uh huh .... lonnie when they let he out ...? duane Las ' month ... he get a smart lawyer .... continued bt 233 #00353 91 ( X ) continued lonnie think you be through with ' he . duane get angry now . duane what 's the matter ... he be not good enough for you , lonnie ?.. he be not good enough cause he 's a ex con ... I guess you forgettin ' something huh ? this be embarrassing . everyone be listen . lonnie I be not forgettin ' nothin ' .... duane then lay off I a ' my friend ... he didn 's bust no head open of no gas station attendaat ... how many stitches do they have to take in that guy head ?... or do you forget that too ?... lonnie be seethe but he try - to remain cool . lonnie I tole you I didn ' forget nothin ' .... duane . I hope not ... just because you a uncle Tom candy ass to Mr. B. do not think you shit do not stink . lonnie reach the boil point . it be all he can do to keep from kill duané . Charlie , sense the moment , quickly put he hand on lonnie 's shoulder . have charlie come on lonnie ... just walk away ... " just walk away .... lonnie and duane glare at each other for a long moment more . something inside of lonnie hear Charlie , and painful though it may . be he allow Charlie to walk he away from the trouble . charlie : Don ' listen to he lonnie ... you pay you due ... Don ' let the hate an’ evil in he destroy all you work so hard for .... continued 233 bt 233 234 235 236 #00353 92 ( X ) continued - 2 233 lonnie go back to work Charlie .... lonnie need some time alone . Charlie go back to work cough . lonnie Charlie .... Charlie turn . lonnie thanks .... Charlie smile . wide shot - car wash 234 the car wash be crowded . there be still some commotion about the bomb incident . many car wait in line to be wash . ext . locker room : 235 the hooker step out of the locker room now . radio announcer ( v.o. ) tire of the same old job , lady ? get nowhere in you career ? burger stand 236 she listen carefully , as if he be talk directly to she , as she walk to the burger stand . radio announcer ( v.o. ) begin a exciting new career in beauty ... yes , enroll now in davinci 's beauty School and pecome a license beautician , cosmetologist , or manicurist .... the hooker decide this be right for she . a golden opportunity . . she approach the busy burger stand . radio announcer ( v.0 . ) call now for a free interview ... sunset 4-6604 .... a she fish through she huge handbag for a pencil . continued 236 236 - a 237 # 00353 _ 93 continued 236 radio announcer ( v.o. ) once again ... that number be .... hooker wait a minute .... she try to get Terry 's attention but she be too busy handle the mob at the burger stand . hooker hey , honey .... radio . announcer ( v.o. ) sunset 4-6604 . call today .... hooker 6604 ... ( try to get . Terry 's attention ) hey , honey .... finally Terry notice she . terry you want somethin' , honey ? the hooker 236 - a it be the story of she life . she have lose she interest and inclination already . hooker a beer .... as Terry get the beer , a smooth white . salesman approach the stand . a dramatic love song play over the loudspeaker . car wash entrance 237 ( x ) two businessman , wait for they car to be dry off approach ( xx ) scrugg as he work the gas pump . the businessman watch he for a moment , then they look to each other and one of they walk over to scrugg . businessman # 1 listen ... can I talk to you for a minute .... . scrugg / ( x ) 7 sure .... continued . cy bf 237 238 #00353 | 94 : ( X ) continued 237 businessman # 1 this be kind of confidential .... serugg step aside with businessman # 1 as businessman # 2 watch . businessman # 1 we be from out of town .... scrugg ' point of view _ : 238 a Illinois plate on the mercury . businessman # 1 I do not know how to say this ... but ... well ... ( he squirm with discomfort ) you see ... you see ... my brother ..- he 's ... well , he 's a queer .... scrugg ( very serious ) oh , I be very sorry .... businessman # 1 -.. it almost break my poor mother 's heart .... scrugg I bet .... businessman # 1 ( sadly ) . ++- he run away from home ... come out here ... and now ...now Mom 's die ... and I get to find he ... it 's she last wish to see he again .... scrugg be very move . businessman # 1 you gotta help I .... scrugg how could i. help ? businessman # 1 well , I ' don ' t know where he life +-- but I hear that they have this here queer bar ... I think I would start look there .... continued 239 240 241 #00353 95 ( X ) continued 238 scrugg that 's a good idea .... . businessman # 1 but I do not know where they be .... . scrugg neither do I .... the man be disappointed . scrugg ' point of view : . 239 lindy . scrugg but I know where I can find out ... I will be right back .... scrugg go off , leave the man with hope . omitted 240 burger stand . 241 the hooker sip she beer as the smooth salesman pay Terry . . smooth salesman thanks , honey .... . terry anytime ... do not mention it .... Joe watch jealously as the smooth salesman wink 's and walk toward the office . joe that 's it ... I have have it .... he throw down he apron . joe I can not take any more .... he storm out of the stand . . terry Joe ...for God 's sake ... Joe ... wait a minute .... he storm away . bt 242 243 244 #00353 96 car wash scrugg talk with lindy . then he walk back to the mercury where the two businessman sit wait anxiously . scrugg there 's one on small Street down - town here call ' the flamingo ' and there 's one in the Valley on Riverside call ' the shack ' .... businessman # 2 jot down the information while the other one watch . now that they have the information they drop they act and we see what big queen they really be . businessman # 1 thank you , Mary ... if we get laid tonight ... it 's all because of you .... they drive off wave , as scrugg stand bewilder . omitted burger stand Terry be upset as the hooker sip she . beer . the hooker I be all in my blue over a guy name Joe , too ...' no go' Joe ... that 's what I call he ... ( she sigh ) w+s ' no go ' Joe .... Terry be very upset . terry I be always in trouble with my Joe ... always .... she start to cry . terry I can not help it if I like to party .... the hooker I know , ' honey .... '' : terry I be only human .... continued 242 ( X ) ( xx ) {x ) 243 ( X ) 244 - ( x ) -_ we bf 244 245 #00353 97 continued 244 the hooker 's eye fill . the hooker I know , honey .... they both cry as the hooker shove the beer toward Terry . she take a sip . . - terry it 's a rotten world .... the hooker I know , honey .... they be both cry as a man come up the stand . terry what do you want ? man a Big Joe hamburger . this only make Terry cry more . . . the hooker ( to man ) can not you see this woman ! 's havin ' a nervous breakdown and all you care about be feedin ' you face . int . office , , 245 the smooth salesman wait in line to pay Marsha . they be both aware of each other . behind she , Mr. B. sit in he office do the payroll . the line move up and the smooth salesman be closer . as she finish with the last customer before he , she get up and close the door to Mr. B. 's office . mr . B . ' what be you do ? marsha it 's so noisy out here , Leon ... ( she smile sweetly ) I think it might disturb you .... he smile . mr. B. you be a sweet girl , Marsha .... continued ts # 00353 98 on 245 continued 245 she smile again as she close the door . she stand against it for a moment as she and the smooth salesman look at each other as the music over the loudspeaker reach a crescendo . 246 marsha 246 she come to the register now . marsha that 's five-fifty .... he hand she the money . : smooth salesman what 's you name ? marsha Marsha .... . ' smooth salesman hi ... I be Kenny .... marsha hi ... here 's you change and here 's you rain check ... you get a free car wash if it rain .... she be in love . smooth salesman what if it rain today ? marsha then come back tomorrow .... kenny ( very sexy ) well , what if I could not wait ' till tomorrow ? what if I have to come back tonight around .... he look around . 247 ris point of view 247 the sign that say they close at eight . 248 kenny and marsha . : 248 kenny eight .... marsha oh , it would be too late ... you could not get you car wash then .... continued | | ts 248 249 250 251 252 252-a #00353 99 continued 248 kenny yeah ... but let 's say I be to come back at eight o'clock anyway .... a man behind he speak up now . man behind hey , come on , will you ?... the smooth salesman give she a passionate smile as he step aside and the line move up . marsha 249 she be breathless as the smooth salesman leave the office . her point of view . . 250 he stop outside the window and make the number eight with he finger . . . marsha 251 she can hardly make change . '' a young black boy : 252 behind she on the busy street a Young Black Boy ride he bicycle towards the car wash . a Little Black girl sit on the handlebar . : car wash . 252 - lonnie look up from he work as he see the Boy and girl on the bicycle . his whole face light up . lonnie ( to duane ) cover for I .... the Boy and girl get off the bike . as lonnie reach they . boy and girl hi , dad ... hi , daddy .... he embrace they . he be thrilled to see they . lonnie hi , baby ...how ya doin 's ... how 's mama today ?... continued ts 252-a #00353 100 continued 252 - boy okay ... dad , can I play the pinball ? lonnie sure .... he hand the Boy some change as he run off . lonnie : how 's my little girl today ? little girl Fine ... look what I draw for you .... he help she open up a large draw with lot of color . lonnie gee , it 's beautiful , honey .... she point to it . little girl see , here 's the car wash and there 's you .... lonnie that 's I ?... he laugh . little girl and this be we house and there 's mommy . lonnie ( he be really touch ) that 's beautiful , sugar .... little girl it 's for you ... I draw it for you .... behind they two policeman walk into the car wash and go toward Mr. B. 's office . lonnie for I ?... honey , it 's the most beautiful thing anybody ever give I ... thank you , honey .... he hug she tightly . he be so proud of she . lonnie you know what 's you be for I , honey ? . little girl no ... continued hb #00353 lol 252-a continued - 2 252-7 lonnie you be Christmas .... little girl but it 's the summer .... lonnie I know , but you be Christmas for I anyways .... in the distance the two policeman walk with Mr. B. to where the man be work . lonnie notice this as son come back from the arcade . boy hey , dad , I get 4027 this time .... lonnie that 's great , champ .... boy can I play again ?... lonnie no , I think you should take you sister home .... boy aw , dad .... lonnie go ahead ... I gotta get back to work .... . boy ( reluctantly take the Little girl 's hand ) come on .... lonnie I will be home soon ... ( to girl ) bye , honey , thank you for my beautiful picture ... ( to Boy ) you ride real careful , j.j... okay ? boy sure ...bye .... little girl bye , daddy .... hb # 00353 102 a 253 lonnie . 253 i ) re they ride off as lonnie watch they with pride , then he join the car wash as the two policeman approach slide . policeman # 1 do you have a cadillac with the license plate 345 kbd ? . slide why , yes , Officer .... policeman # 1 May I see you license . slide ( go for he wallet ) yes , but .... the man whisper to each other . charlie this be it ... they gonna throw away the key .... lloyd ~~ you think this be the first car '' wash to ever get bust .... lindy ( X ) ( eyeing the cop ) I love a man in a uniform , honey . slide show he license . policeman # 1 Mr. percy farrow ...? floyd percy!!iiit lonnie hush floyd as thing get more serious . policeman # 1 you be under arrest .... slide what ... what for .... policeman # 1 you have over seventeen traffic vio - lation you have not pay .... : slide but I give it to my sister - in - law margie to pay they all ... honest , Officer .... continued no # 00353 103 253 continued 253 the policeman start to handcuff he . policeman # 1 I want to warn you that anything you say may be hold against you and you be entitle to a attorney .... slide hey ... wait a minute .... mr . B. ( to cop ) be not there some way we can straighten this out .... the crowd and curiosity grow as the policeman ignore Mr. B. calvin skate by . calvin ° hey , slide , you goin ' to the slam - mer ...? lonnie try to hush calvin . slide ( to anyone ) call my sister - in -law , she work at the May company .... the police start to lead he away . calvin you better not look in he locker .... lonnie grab calvin and clap he hand over he mouth . lloyd see you on visit day , slide .... floyd ' I guess this mcius all debt be cancel , slide .... slide it do not .... lindy I will bake you a file cake , honey ... they be in the squad car now and about to drive off . es , continued no # 00353 104 253 continued - 2 253 slide call my sister - in - law at the May company . they be go . irwin watch slide go off sadly . irwin there go my last good connec - tion .... lloyd Don ' worry , you can always go back on robatussin or duco cement .... ployd hey , Mr. B. , can I have the key to slide 's locker .... he grin . mr. B. nobody 's touch anything ... now get back to work ... wash car ... wash car .... , 254 stay with mr . B. . 254 as he go into the office . 255 int . office 255 Mr. B. enter . mr . B. what 's the number of the May company ...? : marsha which one ...? mr. B. I do not know , anyone ... this be all I need ...' drug bust in car wash ' ... I can see the headline .... 256 ext . traffic , 256 a Black woman yell to calvin from she car . black woman come on , calvin .... hb 257 258 259 #00353 105 car wash 257 calvin I get to go home now .... no one be interested . calvin I will see you tomorrow .... - hippo , do not do we no favor .... floyd yeah ... go over to the bluebird car wash ... give they you business for a couple of year .... . calvin skate off as Mr. B. begin to hand out the pay envelope .: lloyd ( X ) he 's a real pain in the ass .... duane ( x ) go skate under a truck . ext . traffic ' 258 calvin skate into the traffic . suddenly , there be a terrify - ing screech of brake as a truck and several other car come toa halt . it be a terrible moment . lonnie and duane . ( x ) calviniiti :! : lonnie and duane lead as the man tear fromthe car wash and run ( X ) towards the traffic . suddenly , the real affection and concern they all have for calvin show . they run wildly to where the truck have stop . dread what they ' 11 find , they look around the other side of the truck . there point of view - calvin : 259 shake he ass at they on he skateboard . calvin make you look ... make you look .... '' his mother be out of she car and grab he now , give hima good swat on he ass : ed ip 260 261 #00353 106 the men 260 they be relieved as they start back to work . duane 261 he look in he pay envelope and react with a shock . he do a slow turn and then shout toward Mr. b.: duane you firin ' I ?.... Mr. B. turn around , : . mr . B. come into the office , duane .... duane I don ' need you stinkin ' office , man ... you can fire I right here ... you pig exploiter .... mr . B. I warn you , duane ... you miss a day last week and yesterday ... I need someone reliable ... I warn you . ... duane a ' now I be warnin ' you ... I be gonna get you for this , you fat pig ... ( X ) you understan ' I ? , .. i'11 burn this place to the ground ... you think I need you chicken shit job ... you think you be gonna always be the boss ... well , you be not ... I will get you for this ... I swear . it .... lonnie take hold of duane . : lonnie come on ... come on .... mr . B. ( to everyone else ) come on , everybody , get back to work. ++ ( 46 duane ) . I be sorry , duane .... Mr. B. be upset . he turn toward he office . continued hb 7 ) 261 c7 ma 262 ae ee #00353 107 continued , 261 duane my name 's Abdullah , you pig sucker . ( X ) Mr. B. keep walk . lonnie come on Abdullah , come on .... duane push lonnie away and storm off toward the locker room . int . office 262 Mr. B. enter . mr . B. where 's the alka seltzer ? marsha in you bottom drawer .... he go into he office as lonnie enter and follow he . lonnie - Mr. B. , I think you should give Abdullah anather chance .... mr . B. . I have give he a thousand chance .... lonnie se , Mr. B. , he 's just confuse .... ( X ) mr. B. ( too upset ) * please , lonnie ... now be not the time .... lonnie start to turn away , then turn back . lonnie Mr. b... every week I try to talk to you ... and every week you say it 's not the time ... I be workin ' for you for over a year now , Mr. B ... - ( x ) when be it gonna be the time ? mr . B. I do not want to talk to you about duane .... continued hb # 00353 be oo — ~ 262 continued 262 D lonnie then let 's talk about I ... ( he hold out he pay envelope ) Mr. B. , I need more money ... I can not make it on what you be payin ' I +.. I get two kid .... _ mr. B. ... listen , I be sorry about duane but he have it come .... lonnie Mr. B. , I need more money .... mr . B. I can not , lonnie . the bluebird car wash ... they be gonna put we out yof business . - lonnie Mr. B. , I get a lot of idea for this place .... mr . B. . yeah ... I know ... listen , lonnie , do not I always pay you extra to close up for I on Friday night ?... Mr. B. pat lonnie on the back . lonnie aw shit .... lonnie leave the office . 263 mr . B. . 263 upset , he have never see lonnie this way . irwin enter dress in he regular clothes . irwin hey , I think you should reconsider . about duane ... I mean , Abdullah ... . mr. B. you , too ?... irwin hey , come on , dad .... continued hb 263 265 - a 265-b a 266 267 #00353 109 ( % ) continued : 263 . mr. B. not now , irwin .... back the car out ... we be leave . omitted : 264 int . locker room '' 265 lonnie enter . the locker room be empty . he walk over to duane 's locker . everything be go , even the saxophone . lonnie 265 -2 it be a moment of pure frustration and rage . lonnie godammit .... he punch one of the locker savagely . the door spring open and a large piece of paper slide to the floor . lonnie' point of view : 265-58 his daughter draw lie on the floor . it calm he . slowly he bend down and pick it up . car wash : 266 life go on . the car wash go on . the radio go on . radio announcer ( v.o. ) okay , two ticket to the ' soulwagon ' ~\ concert . t.c : start move . radio announcer ( v.0 . ) to the first caller to name this - | song .... he run frantically for the phone booth . radio announcer ( v.o. ) who will it be ... lomard 3-03355 . int . phone booth 267 Terry head for the booth but t.c. run in front of she and jump into the booth . continued ned # 00353 110 267 continued . . 267 t.c . it will be I ...me .... he dial frantically as the song begin . — t.c. come on , answer , answer ... it 's " bear to Love you '.... ' 267-a car wash : 267-a the announcer break into the record . radio announcer ( v.0 . ) we have a winner from the deluxe car wash .... e.iryone cheer . 268 ext . phone booth - there point of view 268 7.c. ecstatically leave the phone booth . ( a radio announcer ( v.o. ) of : Mr. Theodore chauncey elcott .... lloyd , floyd , hippo , lindy , chuko , geronimo and goody Theodore chatincey !!!i!t!ii! t.c. well , t.c. get to stand for something .... chuko I think it stand for ' tough chit ' .... t.c. hey , I win ... I win .... he glance automatically toward the five Spot . mona be busy , unaware of t.c. 's triumph . 269 phone booth . 262° Terry be on the phone , riddled with anxiety . Z C continued ned # 00353 lll 269 continued 269 os . terry noe '' hello , ma ...have you see Joe ... . what do you mean , be not he with I ?... if he be here with I would I be ask you if he be there with you ? never mind , ma .... she hang up the phone unhappily . 270 int . office 270 Mr. B. get ready to leave . he talk guardedly to Marsha . mr . B. I will try and get away later ... be you gonna be home ? : marsha no ... I be go to visit my sister .... mr . B. ( disappointed ) oh ... well , maybe tomorrow night .... marsha on maybe .... mr. B. watch it ... my son .... 271 + ~+~. car wash 271 irwin be ready to leave . he stop to say good - bye . ( X ) irwin . ( to everyone ) catch you later ... be cool ... I really dig gettin ' it on with you guy .... it hang in the air . lonnie save it . lonnie take . it easy , irwin . irwin go over to Justin and shake he hand . irwin good luck , man .... justin you , too .... continued ts # 00353 112 271 continued Mr. B. join they now . he look through the car wash . mr . B. where 's lonnie ?... huh ... where 's lonnie .... Mr. B. be nervous . charlie have not see he for awhile Mr. b.... mr.b. panic . he look to the street and then back to the car wash as Lloyd approach . llovd Mr. B. , floyd a ' I get this real important audition with a new agent .... Mr. B. be nervous about lonnie . mr . B. huh ... what .... lloyd . well we be wonder if we could leave a little early tonight .... mr . B. not now Lloyd ... I be tryin ' to find - lonnie .... : lloyd come on Mr , B. it 's real important .... mr. B. go ahead ... go now ... what do any - body care about I or the car .... Lloyd be happy . . lloyd thanks Mr. b.... . mr B. where the hell be lonnie . 271-a the men they look to each other . thing look bad . 271 271 - drm 271 -b 271 -' 271-d 271-e 271-f #00353 113 ( xx ) mr . B. 271-3 still in a flap he circle behind the rest room and toward the locker room . int . locker room 271 -c Mr. B. enter . the camera be only on he . he stop for a minute and breathes a little easier . mr . B. lonnie .... ~ he point of view 271-d lonnie sit at the end of the room , quietly . mr . B. . lonnie ... i... I do not know where you be .... lonnie do not answer . mr . B. : listen ... I have to go now ... lonnie .«.s but I promise that we will sit down and talk tomorrow .... - lonnie still remain silent . : mr. B. honest lonnie we will talk about all the thing on you mind ... I prom - ise .... Mr. B. come closer . lonnie still do not respond . mr. B. : 271-e this be hard for he but slowly he reach out he hand . mr. B. , I promise .... lonnie 271 -f he look up , he see that Mr. B. be sincere . slowly he reach out and shake Mr. B. 's hand . the two man smile . they seem hopeful . o~ ew meg drm 271- G 272 273 273- a ( 273-3 #00353 — 114 ( x ) car wash 271-g earl everybody better watch they ass aroun ' here now ... you know when Mr. B. be not here ... I be in charge .... snapper that 's news to I .... earl he 's gonna announce it soon .... behind they irwin sit in the driver 's seat of the big cadillac , revving it up as Mr. B. jump in beside he and they take off . . car wash : 272 the man go back to work . goody hey , how come the Jews always gotta go home early on Friday night ? lloyd they gotta get home by sundown ... if they be not home by sundown , the skin grow back on they dick .... they all love this . int , cadillac 273 irwin sit in the driver 's seat as they wait for a light at the corner . . irwin so how long you be bang Marsha ? Mr. B. almost choke . entrance car wash . 273-a hippo let in a last minute car and then put up the chain . scrugg lock up the pump . scrugg ' point of view : 273 - B a Pinto pull up with a young blonde girl , who look like a country and western singer at the wheel . continued drm # 00353 115 ( x ) 273-b continued 273-38 scrugg ( delighted ) charlene .... 273-c another angle . 273 -c geronimo watch . geronimo I know he would have that woman eat out .of he hand . 273-d he point of view 273 - D scrugg run toward charlene who remain seat in the Pinto . scrugg hi charlene .... charlene smile sweetly but at the same time open the car door and throw out serugg suitcase which fly open and clothes spill everywhere . she back up in a flash and peel off into the traffic .... a scrugg - charlene wait .... 274 : 274 through omitted through 277 277 278 burger stand , : 278 Terry start to close up as Joe return . terry ' Joe ... I have be worried sick ... where have you be ? joe jus ' walkin’ around .... terry I have be crazy .... joe ( still hurt ) you will get over it .... she touch he now . continued drm 278 o~ & 279 280 #00353 116 continued 278 terry Joe , do not you know I be crazy about you and no one could ever take you place .... joe I get so jealous .... terry I know .... she think for a moment . - terry I know ... ( she big confession ) that 's why I do it .... he melt . joe ( smile ) someday I be gonna kill you .... terry not if I get you first .... they kiss and hug . another angle . 279 nearby the hooker sit on a bench watch they . she be happy for they as she sip another beer . ' car wash 280 ' the last car go through as the man cheer and throw they rag up in the air . t.c. ( shouting ) quittin ' time .... they all shout together . they love this game . - the men I be the boss aroun ' here , I get to say when it 's quittin ' time ... ( they all shout ) quittin ' timel !!! = S ts 2381 282 282-a #00353 117 ( X ) int . office : 281 Marsha be very excited as she get ready for she date . she make use of all she new cosmetics refer to Movie Star photograph as she guide . int . locker room 282 Lloyd and floyd be dress in the special outfit they bring to wear for they audition . they look very flashy as the other man enter and begin to undress . the other man whistle and give they recognition . Charlie applaud . lloyd thank you ... thank you ... a ' now : for we next number we would like to do Tina Turner .... floyd yeah ... ( point to Lloyd ) he will do she in the front and I will do she in the back ..... this crack they up , . but get " boo " from some of the other . t.cc. 282 - he look around he locker . t.c. hey , where 's my pomade ? Lloyd have it and pass it behind he back to floyd . t.c. turn to they . t.c . you get my pomade and you be a dead man .... they continue to pass it . t.c. _ give I my pomade .... Lloyd drop it and it hit the floor . they all dive for it but t.c. get it . t.c . ' the fly ' fly again .... continued ts 282-a 283 #00353 118 continued 282 - lloyd yeah , triumphant after catch the Coke bottle bomber .... some of they laugh at this . t.cc . you bunch of punk ... you jus 's jealous ' cause I win the ticket to the concert .... * lloyd . too bad you be goin ' alone .... t.c. be try to pomade he hair but be make a mess of it . lindy come over and take it away from he . : lindy here , I will show you how .... - lindy take charge of t.c. 's hair . floyd . . wooo00o. . .woo0d000 .... lloyd I see who you be takin ' out tonight .... another angle . 283 chuko be whistling as he put on he shoe . chuko my aunt Sophie 's makin ' refried bean tonight . hippo be sure a ' wear you cork tomorrow .... chuko look who 's talkin ' ... hey , hippo , how you do it with that belly ? ( X ) «.-huh ... you get to lie down . in a wheelbarrow an’ they roll you into the girl .... hippo ( memory of - earlier in the day ) I do okay .... continued ts # 00353 : 119 ( X ) 283 continued 283 geronimo hey , where 's you radio ... I never see you without you radio .... hippo I ... I break it .... goody ( to scrugg ) hey , let 's go ... we can catch the las ' couple of race .... scrugg I gotta go find charlene .... Charlie walk over to lonnie . charlie you wanna ride home , lonnie ...? . lonnie no. thanks , Charlie , I get to close up. .es : charlie we will wait for you .... lonnie no thanks .... floyd and Lloyd put on they hat . 284 . another angle 284 Earl leave grandly . he look around the room contemptuously . earl try not to leave the locker room too messy ..... he leave . floyd and lloyd ( sing ) ding Dong the witch be dead .... they spin with a flourish and link arm leave stylishly with a very biz " exit . Lloyd see you on soul train !:.... continued 286 287 288 289 290 291 #00353 120 continued . 284 charlie : good luck .... ( X ) some of the other man shout after they . Justin leave now . ( X ) justin so long ... see you tomorrow .... the men bye Justin ... take it slow ... catch you tomorrow .... ext . locker room 285 Justin leave and walk to the street . he look around hopefully but he girl friend be nowhere in sight . he take a seat on the bus stop bench next to snapper . other side of the car wash . 286 Earl get inside he fancy car . he put he key in and be about to start it when suddenly he notice something . he point of view 287 the bright blue bakery box that he make geronimo and goody clean the Saint Bernard shit with earlier that day now sit on he hood . , earl 288 he jump out of he car and run to the front of the hood . the BOX : 289 it be face down , without a cover . close shot - earl be face - 290 slowly he lift the box . we have only to see he face to know what be dumped on top of he car . suddenly a wild indian war whoop come from behind he . he whirl around . he point of view : : 291 geronimo and goody peel out in they cherry - red soupe - up Ford , laugh and scream indian war whoops . os bf 292 293 294 295 #00353 121 earl _ 292 fume as they drive . away . the burger stand 293 Terry and Joe leave together happily . as they walk away the hooker try to call to they . hooker bye , honey ... ( timidly ) bye .... they do not hear she . a song play on the loudspeaker . the bus stop 294 snapper and Justin sit wait . Justin look around appre - hensively . realizing no one be come he sit back . justin some day today ... huh ? snapper I do not know , son ... you know old snapper here , I be up , down ... in and out so many time ... sometimes I think nothin ' phase I .... Justin be really preoccupy with he own thought . snapper remind I of a fellow I use to know from New Orleans ... he use to have this nightclub ... an' nobody ever go to it ... so he hire this three girl a ' then you know what the three girl do ... oh , here 's we bus .... the bus pull up . Justin wait as a few people get on before they . traffic . 295 suddenly he girl friend pull up in she car . continued bt # 00353 122 ( X ) 295 continued 295 > loretta Justin ... justin Loretta .... he beam and start toward she . justin . I think you be not come .... . loretta I be not .. , then when I decide I wouid I be afraid it be too late +.. oh , Justin , I be sorry .... justin wait a minute . 296 justin | 296 he run back and grab snapper who be about to get on the bus . . . justin come on , we will give you a ride .... oo - ' '' snapper a no , you young folk go on .... | justin . you be sure .... snapper yeah , I will see you tomorrow ... . ' I will tell you what happen with | the three girl in New Orleans .... Justin be long go and back to the car . 297 car 297 Justin and Loretta kiss . : . loretta listen , I have be think and .... justin let 's not talk about it for a week ... then we will sit down calmly and discuss it .... loretta but I .... he hush she . justin one week ... a deal ? continued bt # 00353 . 123 ~~ , 297 continued 297 yi loretta . ( X ) — ( she smile and hug he ) a deal .... justin ( X ) come on , move over ... I will drive .... he get in and they drive off . ( X ) 298 ext . locker room . 298 lonnie come out and pass a Black man wander around the car wash . . black man hi ... I come to pick up my car ... my wife leave it here .... lonnie oh ...yeah ... over there . ( he point ) how 's you wife ? black man just fine ... we have a little boy ... '' {he fumble in he pocket ) here , have a cigar .... lonnie thanks ... congratulation , that 's just great .... : black man . we be gonna call he carlton .... lonnie : | that 's fine .... black man . I will jus ' take my car , okay ?... lonnie sure ... good luck .... 299 int . office 299 Marsha be in a tizzy as lonnie enter . marsha I get a date .... continued bt 299 300 301 302 303 304 305 #00353 124 continued 299 lonnie you go ahead ... I will close up .... marsha thanks .... she give she hair a last shot of hair spray and leave . car wash exit - 300 hippo get on he tiny scooter . he start to leave when he notice the hooker sit in the shadow . they exchange look . it appear that the hooker would not mind go with he at all . . hippo 301 he think for a second and then take off . hooker 302 she be disappointed , but pretend she be not . ext . STREET in front of ' car wash 303 the beat - up pickup truck arrive and pick up chuko . as he take off he blow a kiss to Marsha who stand wait in front of the car wash . marsha 304 she ignore chuko and : adjust herself . now she try several different pose to be discover ing = _ int . five spot . 305 it be busy as t.c. , dressed.to kill , enter . mona exhibit she usual pass by . disdain as he sit down at the counter and she t.c . no congratulation for the big winner ? mona what ?... . t.c. I win two ticket to the soulwagon concert tonight ... know the title of a song in three second ... I be goin ' to pick up the ticket now .... continued drm 305 a eed ! 306 307 308 #00353 125 continued 305 she turn she back on he . mona listen , I be busy .... he stand up and come close to she behind the counter . t.cc . you listen to I , mona ... I know you waitin ' for some high class prince to come a ' get you ... but he be not comin ' ... I be you prince ... be not nobody as crazy about you as I be a ' you know it ... so get you black ass in gear , woman , a ' start payin 's I some respect ... or I ain ' comin ' " round no more ... a ' if you don ' wanna step out with I tonight to the concert ... then I will find some - one who will ... and that 's that .... he march to the door . he be very pleased with himself . as he be about to leave ....-~ mona t.c... e he turn . mona you. come back in a hour ... i' 1ll be through then .... : t.cc. yes , mar 'am ... ( he smile and as he leave , almost to himself ) ' the fly ' fly again .... he make he little " fly " noise . the owner I , - 306 | he smile for t.c. as one of the pat of butter that goody shot up on the ceiling fall on he bald head . he point of view - the ceiling 307 as another pat come unstuck . close - the owner 308 -.. and fall on he cheek . drm ms 309 310 311 311 - a #00353 126 front of car wash 309 a song blare over the loudspeaker as Marsha assume another pose as the smooth salesman pull up in he car . Marsha be excited but play it cool . as she come closer to the car she notice that a sexy blonde sit next to the salesman with she arm wrap around he . smooth salesman hi , honey ... what be you name again ? marsha ( confuse ) Marsha .... smooth salesman that 's right , Marsha ... meet bernie .... he indicate the back seat , where a plump , bald salesman leer at Marsha . smooth salesman hop in , Marsha .... she hesitates but be in the car before she know it . | smooth . salesman well , should we go to the polo Lounge ... or some restaurant ... or straight to the hotel room ? they all laugh except Marsha . sexy blonde - oh , Kenny , you be fabulous .... group shot . cw ae ie ee , 310 they drive off as the camera move to include lonnie 's reflection through the office window as he close up . the car wash be desert now except for lonnie . int . office . 311 it be almost dark outside as lonnie court the cash and prepare the bank deposit . the regiment drine of a news - caster can be hear outside the car wash still come from the _ loudspeaker . . lonnie 311-a he continue to work when he hear a noise . continued drm _ 311 - a 312 313 #00353 127 continued 311-a lonnie ( look around ) be anyone there ? there be nothing . he go back to he work as we become aware of someone in the shadow , far behind he . lonnie be unaware as the shadow move closer . suddenly he see a reflection in one of the vend machine mirror . he turn around quickly . ' lonnie Abdullah ... what be you do there ? he point of view 312 duane hesitates in the shadow . lonnie . have . ae : 313 lonnie I be glad you come back ... you should not have run off like that .... duane seem very strange . lonnie I be gonna talk to Mr. B. tomorrow «.e he will take you back .... duane I do not come to talk , lonnie 's I come for the money . duane move forward into the light now . he hold he hand in he windbreaker pocket where the light now pick up the bulge of a gun . ; / lonnie what you talkin’ about ?... ' duane give I the money .... duane seem desperate . lonnie be this what you be plannin ' with tony frederick this afternoon ? ++- how to rob this place ?... continued drm 313 @. 314 #00353 . 128 continued duane I don ' need tony fredrick ... I can do this on my own ... jus ' give I the money .... lonnie listen .... . sweat pour down duane 's face . : duane jus ' give I the money , lonnie ... I don ' wanna hurt you .... duane move closer but lonnie hold he ground . lonnie well , tha 's the only way you gonna get this money .... - duane you would protect the exploiter pig 's money ?...~ lonnie I ain ' protectin' Mr. B 's money , I be protectin ' you ... this be not no way , Abdullah ... I learn it the hard way . duane move closer . he seem even more desperate . duane get away from the money , lonnie '' do you hear I ... get away .... they be face to face . lonnie hold he ground . duane every emotion run through he now in a split second . he finally break . he can not hurt lonnie . lonnie ( gently ) give I the gun , Abdullah ... come on ... give I the gun .... slowly , duane remove a piece of metal pipe from he jacket pocket . he put it down on the counter as he break down . continued 313 ( X ) 314 drm # 00353 . 129 314 continued 314 duane I ... I don ' know what to do ... everything 's a mess ... I jus ' can not seem to get anything together .... he continue to break down as lonnie watch painfully . lonnie why don ' you try a ' get back with Rose .... duane ( this make : : he sadder ) - I can not ... I can not ... I hear she 's back on the stuff ... you know what will happen to I if I go see she ... nothin 's workin ' ... it 's all a mess ... I don ' know what to do .... lonnie touch he now . lonnie I know , Abdullah ... I know .... lonnie hold he , feel very deeply for he , then smile . lonnie listen , you come home with I for dinner ... we always have fishcake and spaghetti on Friday night ... the kid will love it ... and muriel don ' get to see people much this day ... come on .... duane no , I can not .... lonnie what else you get to do ?... " duane ( pull himself together ) ah , lonnie .... , . lonnie come on .... . lonnie begin to turn the light off . continued hb # 00353 130 os 314 continued - 2 314 aed lonnie —~ thing be gonna get better ... I know it ... hey , you get you saxo ~ - phone with you ?... 315 ext . office 315 lonnie continue to shut the light out as the camera travel away from they and clowly mane he Mar wash se .ane by so , the tignts go out . a raalo news . as the camera continue through the darken car wash the radio be shut off and the last few light go off . the sound of a transistor radio can be hear now from somewhere in the shadow of the car wash . . radio announcer ( v.o. ) .+. and that be the headline on : the hour .... / 316 ext . car . wash 316 . slowly the hooker appear from the shadow with hippo 's ais transistor radio press to she ear ... a song begin now . ~ as the song play , the hooker slowly move to the curb , where she put out she thumb and start hitching . 317 wider shot : 317 the hooker hitching , with the car wash in the b.g. all the cast , credit and title appear now in a crawl as she continue to hitch and the song play . fade out the end