for you consideration carol best adapted screenplay Phyllis nagy the weinstein company carol by phyllis nagy base on the novel the price of salt by patricia highsmith ext . NYC subway station . april 1953 . night . out of the darkness , the screeching moan of a arrive train . a dark swarm of body file out of the lexington and 59th ST station . we descend upon the crowd , singling out a young man in coat and hat , jack taft , late 20 , who weave through the line of commuter , some open umbrella to the patchy sky . jack busy a evening paper at a newsstand and make he way across 59th . ext . / int . ritz tower HOTEL . night . jack enter the hotel and we follow he as he walk through the lobby to the bar . jack easily find a stool , nod to the bartender and toss he the newspaper . the bartender point to a bottle of dewar and jack give he a thumb up . he scan the cocktail lounge adjacent to the bar - not much activity in there , either : a few table of businessmen get drunk , a elderly couple , two women tuck away in a corner table . jack check he watch and the bartender set down he drink . jack not much go on for a Friday . bartender it 's early yet . jack downs he scotch , slide he empty glass over to the bartender , tap out a rhythm along the edge of the bar . jack say Cal , make it a double , would you ? and one for yourself . I gotta make a call . jack get up . int . ritz tower HOTEL . bar / lounge . night . jack make he way through the lounge on he way to a telephone booth . he take another look at the two women tuck away in the corner , deep in conversation , and think he recognize one of they . he begin approach they . jack therese ? be that you ? therese , the young of the woman , turn to look at jack . jack ( cont 'd ) what do you know ! ( he start over ) I be say to myself , I know that girl . it seem to take she a split second to react , to stand and greet jack with a short hug . therese Jack . jack gee it 's great to see you , therese . it 's be , well , month . therese month . the other woman at the table light a cigarette . therese glance at she , and they hold a brief , tense look before therese remember she manners . therese ( cont ’d ) Jack , this be Carol aird . jack hold out he hand . carol shake it . jack please to meet you . carol likewise . carol retreat back to she own thought , smoke . jack hey , Ted Gray 's meeting I here and a bunch of we be head down to phil 's party . you be go be not you ? therese well - yes . I just plan to get there a little ... ( look to Carol ) carol you should go ahead . jack you come along ? carol no , no. ( to therese ) I should make a few call before dinner , anyway . I should really run . therese you sure ? carol of course . therese ( to jack ) well ... it would be great to catch a ride . carol take a step towards therese , but no more . carol you two have a wonderful night . Nice meeting you , Jack . jack Nice meeting you . and she 's go . therese do not move , do not turn around to watch carol leave . jack ( cont 'd ) alright , well let I go make sure the loaf be on he way . back ina flash . jack take off . a beat before therese turn and scan the bar and beyond for carol . but she 's go . int . ritz tower HOTEL . bar / lounge . moment later jack , through the glass of the phone- booth door , be finish he call . he emerge from the booth , pass the bar on the way , where the bartender spot he , and hold up the paper . jack keep it ! jack return to where he leave therese but stop when he do not see she , glance around . he 's about to ask a waiter if he 's see she when he spot therese emerge from the lady lounge . she look pallid . jack ( cont 'd ) there you be ! think you ditch I . you alright ? he say he have meet we out front . int . / ext . NYC taxi cab . night . therese sit against the window in the back of a taxi , crowded with jack and other 20 - somethings , male and female , all involved in animated conversation we can not hear . the taxi stop for a light and therese catch sight of a elegant couple , arm -in - arm at the corner , crossing the avenue as the light change . a strong gust of wind give the woman some difficulty as she try to knot a green silk scarf around she head . as they reach the sidewalk , she turn back to face the avenue , and then recede , swallow by swirl light and reflection . CUT to : flashback : december , 1952 brief shot ( int . toy department - frankenberg 's ) a toy train whizze by the face of miniature pedestrian on a department store display . carol aird , see from a distance , in winter coat , stand watch . she wear a green silk scarf over she head , loosely tie . she turn , smile . int . therese 's apartment . east 50's. december 1952 . morning . a alarm blare over the sleep face of therese belivet , huddle under cover . therese do not stir though the alarm continue . finally , therese , in one skilled manoeuver , push herself up and out of bed , still cocoon within the blanket . she find the alarm clock and shut it off . she look at the alarm clock . it read 7.00 a.m . therese move through she morning ritual : she throw open she window shade , move on to a small gas stove , strike a match and light the stove to take the chill off , move on to the kitchen sink set in one corner of the room , which double as a partial home darkroom - developer and fixer trays stack to the side of the sink , a argus c3 camera from the late 1930s set on a shelf above the sink , along with a collection of red or amber light bulb and photo paper . the room be sparsely furnish , and much of the wall space be take up with therese 's b&w photo , mostly NY CITY STREET scene and urban landsccape . therese be brush she tooth when the doorbell ring . once. twice . Three time . she shed she blanket and go to the window , open it , lean out . ext . therese 's apartment build . continuous . therese 's boyfriend , richard semco , look up at she from the street , stride he bicycle . he 's well - bundle in scarf and hat . therese I like you scribbles . richard look around to the street behind he cover in child 's chalk scribbling . richard yeah - I have be busy ! ( grin at she ) : I do not know how you look a million buck first thing in the morning . therese I will not be a minute . ext . central park . NY CITY . morning . richard ride therese to work through the park . she sit with she arm wrap around he hip while he stand pump away at the pedal . richard so I get the schedule . in the mail . you listen to I ? therese I be listen ! you get the schedule . richard and there be two sailing to France in June , one in July . therese wow . richard so whaddya think ? therese I think ... I think it 's so cold I can not think straight . richard oh yeah ? well let 's get you warm up . richard accelerate . therese laugh , hold on tighter . richard begin to sing : '' I love Paris in the ... summer-time ! " as they speed away . ext . frankenberg 's department store . morning . outside the employee 's entrance , richard and therese stand in a longish line of mostly young staff wait to begin they work day . everyone look exactly the same : a lot cold , a little Soviet - factory - worker glum . richard anyway she want to make it for you so there 's no use fight it , once she get a idea in she head ... she 's just go crazy with no girl in the family but esther - a security guard have open the door and the line have begin to move . upon enter , each employee be hand a Santa cap , which they dutifully put on . richard reach the door , take he cap , wordlessly put it on , move inside . he hold out a cap to therese . security guard compliment of the season from the management . therese take she cap , do not put it on , move inside . richard I gotta open the floor . int . frankenberg 's. employee cafeteria . morning . from a table in the corner , therese sip at a cup of coffee and watch a sea of santa-capped and uniform - smock staff move wordlessly along the breakfast line , accept gooey egg and cup of coffee . therese look down at a frankenberg 's employee handbook . we glimpse bit and piece of information : ...2 week vacation after 5 year , 4 week vacation after 15 year ... full pension , benefit ... '' she turn a page : '' be you frankenberg material ? '' it 's too depress to take in . therese slip the handbook back into she purse and remove a copy of Joyce 's '' portrait of the artist as a Young man . '' but just as she settles in roberta wall , a officious supervisor in bright red harlequin glass , swoops by therese plant a Santa cap firmly onto she head . roberta wall you be need upstairs , miss belivet . make it snappy . int . frankenberg 's. doll stock room . morning . therese , surround by row of identical Christmas doll , count stock . therese watch a very middle - age , wheeze employee , ruby robichek , struggle with carry seven or eight large box across the stock room floor . ruby can not see in front of she , and as she attempt to peer around the edge of the box , most of the box tumble out of ruby 's arm and onto the floor . therese quickly determine she 's the only help on the floor , and go to assist ruby , who have great difficulty in kneel to pick up the box . therese ( kneel to help ruby ) please - let I help . ruby be grateful to avoid kneel , and place each box therese hand to she on the display counter . ruby robichek thanks a awful lot , honey . I keep tell they upstairs we need more stock boy come the holiday , but they have not listen in 18 year . therese you have be here 18 year ? ruby robichek oh , sure . and when you be here long enough , you 'il get inventive with juggling box , like I . therese I be just a temporary . for the holiday . ruby robichek ( shrug ) I say that once . int . frankenberg 's. toy department . morning . just before open : a surreal calm and silence . therese , in Santa cap , and makeshift bandage , stand beside a elaborate model train set . she flip a switch and the train set come to life - the tiny light , the tinny whir of the engine as the train chug its way along the track . a loud buzzer sound . behind therese , we can see the analogue lift indicator start to move : 5th floor , 4th floor , 3rd floor ... as the lift descend to accept its first load of daily customer and a voice bellow from the intercom : store announcer ( v.o. ) good morning , happy holiday and welcome , shopper , to frankenberg 's . be sure to take advantage of we congratulation ike and mamie inaugural early Bird special in we bed and bedd Department on the second floor . ( more ) store announcer ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and on you way there , you will not want to miss we brand new General electric television and stereophonic display on the first floor , just past the haberdashery . behind therese , the lift door open and all at once therese be swallow up by the rush of manager , staff and customer . int . frankenberg 's. doll department . later therese sit behind a display case full of doll . she try to make herself invisible while she surreptitiously read she book . the department be full of mother buy Christmas gift for they child . therese 's read be interrupt by a sharp wailing . she look up to see a toddler throw a tantrum and a embarrassed mom try to get the situation under control . just then , roberta wall bustles through the department , see therese , point to therese 's head - where 's the Santa cap ? roberta wall seem to say without say it . therese hurriedly stashes she book into she handbag and pull out the cap . she try to hide the bloodstain . roberta wall nod to therese and move on . therese settles back down , bored . a customer look expectantly to therese ; therese pretend she do not see the customer and duck down to she handbag to retrieve she book . she look up above the desk to see where the customer go and instead spy a glance of another woman - a woman whose green silk scarf tie loosely around she neck and head catch therese 's attention . this woman appear to be the only customer surround by no one else . this be carol aird . carol bend down to examine the train set , and inadvertently toggle the on / off switch - the train shut down . carol stand up , turn around towards the doll department , smile , as if ask for help . therese meet carol 's eye for a strange split second - until the embarrassed mom and the scream toddler appear in front of therese , block she view of anything else . embarrassed mom where 's the lady room , honey ? therese to the leave , past man 's shoe , then right at the tie rack . embarrassed mom nod she thanks and hoist toddler away . therese look for carol , but she 's no longer there . the train set be back on , and be admire by several set of father and son . int . frankenberg 's. doll department . moment later behind and below the desk , therese contemplate sneaking a read of she book , but decide against it . she glance back up and see a pair of black leather glove toss onto the desk . therese look and see carol stand before she . carol I be look for a doll . she 's about - ( she gesture ) - this high and this wide and ... ( rethink ) : let 's begin again , shall we ? as carol step away from the desk a moment to rummage through she purse , therese can not stop stare - at she well - tailore suit , she blonde hair , she green silk scarf . carol produce a crumpled slip of paper , step back up to the desk , give therese a big smile as she hand it to she . carol ( cont 'd ) I wonder if you might help I find this doll for my daughter . therese read the slip of paper . therese Bright betsy . she cry . carol oh she do ? therese and wet herself . but we be out of stock . carol I have leave it too long . she begin to rummage through she purse . therese we have plenty of other doll . all kind , umm ... therese , suddenly tongue -ty , turn toward the doll display , which carol turn to as well . carol right . what be you favorite doll when you be four ? do you remember ? therese I ? I never ... not many , to be honest . 10 carol raise a cigarette to she lip , begin to light it , therese interrupt . therese ( cont ’d ) sorry . no smoking on the sale floor . carol oh , of all the - forgive I . ( beat ) Shopping make I nervous . therese that 's okay . work here make I nervous . carol laugh , appreciate therese 's commiseration . carol you be very kind . they eye meet for a moment , before carol rummages inside she purse again . she produce a billfold , open it , show it to therese . it 's a photo of rindy , carol 's 4 - year -old daughter . therese she look like you . around the mouth . the eye . carol ( glance at therese ) you think so ? therese look up , clock carol watch she , look down . a bit of a awkward moment that carol rescue : carol ( cont 'd ) so what do you want ? when you be that age ? therese ( no hesitation ) a train set . carol really . that 's a surprise . ( beat ) do you know much about train set ? therese I do actually . and there 's a new model , just in last week . Hand - build with hand - paint car - it 's a limited edition of five thousand , with the most sophisticated electric switch system - it 's quite ... 11 therese check she own enthusiasm , notice carol 's eye on she . therese ( cont 's D ) you may have see it . over by the elevator ? just there - therese point towards the train set and carol turn to look , mull it over . therese watch she every move . carol ( turn back to therese ) do you ship ? therese special delivery . or courier . ( beat ) you will have it in two , three day . two day . we will even assemble it . carol well . that 's ... that . sold . they stand there , nodd at each other for a moment . carol ( cont 'd ) shall I pay now ? therese oh - yes , of course . therese begin write out a sale slip , then slide it over to carol with a pen , glance up at she . carol snap out of a brief moment of think , a distance . therese ( cont ’d ) we will need you account detail , you shipping address . carol of course . ( she begin write ) I love Christmas . at least I love the preparation . wrapping gift , all that . and then ... you somehow wind up overcook the turkey anyway . she finish , flash a bright smile . therese do not quite follow she , but she do not want carol to stop talk . carol ( cont ’d ) done . carol hand the pen and sale slip back to therese . carol ( cont ’d ) where have you learn so much about train set , anyway ? 12 therese I - read ... too much , probably . carol it 's refresh . thank you . ( beat ) and merry Christmas . therese merry Christmas . carol walk away . therese watch she , take she all in - she manner , she style , she walk . carol turn back for a moment , and point to therese 's cap . carol I like you hat . therese watch she go off past the train set and elevator . for a moment she watch as the empty space leave behind be fill by shopper and staff . she crane she neck for one last look but it 's no good . she 's go . therese sigh . she look down at the doll desk and see that carol have leave she glove behind . CUT back to : int . / ext . taxi . new york CITY . night . ( april 1953 ) therese stare out the window , still wrap up in thought . up front , jack be point out the West Village apartment building ( " here-here -here ! '' ) and the taxi screech to a halt . everyone tumble out as jack pay the driver . before she know it , therese be climb the stair to phil mcelroy 's building . a window be throw open above they and phil mcelroy , with typically unkempt hair , lean out . phil it 's about time , belivet . say hello at least - it have not be that long ! therese hello - phil - sorry , I be ... dannie , phil 's brother , lean out of the window next to phil . dannie there she be ! get up here ! ( pick up on she state ) : what ? therese nothing ! there better be beer . or wine . other or beer ! 13 someone ring therese and the other in . it make a annoying sound - a buzzing sound that make therese frown , and as she move up the stair and into the building we return to : flashback : december , 1952 int . frankenberg 's. employee locker room . evening . therese stand at she open locker , as the buzzer indicate that the store be close blare incessantly . she take off she frankenberg 's smock and put on a pair of dark tight that she 's just buy , to cover up she bandage . it do the trick . she put on she coat , scarf , etc . the inside of she locker door be decorate with photograph therese have take , shot of therese and richard in coney Island . as therese put carol be glove into she handbag , the buz finally stop . she can see ruby robichek at she locker across the room , pull on some winter boot with great difficulty . therese quickly dab on some powder and shut she locker . int . cinema projection room . night . therese , richard , phil and dannie mcelroy sit crowded together in the small dark space , watch a movie through the modest glass panel , smoking cigarettes . therese sit on richard 's lap , but richard be more content kissing the back of she neck than watch the film . phil mcelroy , the film projectionist and host , sit near the gear while he brother , dannie , sit as close as he can to the movie , jotting down occasional note in a small notebook . the film be sunset boulevard , and the scene be Norma desmond 's New Year 's Eve party for two when she dance with Joe gillis on the marble ballroom floor . therese be fascinate by dannie , but phil slap he on the back of he head . phil move over . nobody else can see the screen . richard ( through he nuzzling of therese ) nobody else be watch . therese ( laugh ) I be watch . dannie ( to therese ) I have see it six time . I be chart the correlation between what the character say and how they really feel . 14 phil my kid brother , the movie jerk . dannie , embarrassed , move slightly away from the glass . but he still watch , still jot note . therese watch he . int . greenwich village bar . night . richard and phil have be drink quite a bit . a row of empty beer bottle be line up on the table in front of they . dannie sip at a glass of coca -cola . therese nurse a glass of wine . dannie I be strictly a beer man . everything else make I want to vomit . therese wine make I feel naughty . in a good way . phil be there any other way to feel naughty ? richard I drink to forget I gotta get up for work in the morning . phil that 's you problem , semco . you really ought to drink because you remember you have a job . employment 's a curse . therese you have a job , phil . phil you call that a job ? I call it a illusion . dannie you get pay . be money a illusion ? phil my kid brother , the jerk philosopher . therese ( to dannie ) where do you work ? 15 richard ( mock respect ) do not you know - dannie work at the New York Times . richard and phil feign awe . therese ( she 's impressed ) no kid . phil yeah , ' cept printer do not win pulitzer prize . dannie ( he shrug ) it 's a job . ( to therese ) what I want to do be write . that 's why I watch movie . phil ( roll he eye ) everybody 's a writer .... dannie try to blend into the woodwork . he catch therese 's eye . she smile at he . he appreciate it . phil ( cont 'd ) say , therese - before I get too drunk to remember .... phil dig into a large messenger bag , pull out a camera , a old kodak , and hand it to therese . therese you do it ? it 's fix ? phil he say it be a cinch . no sweat . therese thank you , phil ! I be miss it ! dannie so , you take picture ? therese well . richard she 's more excited by some chintzy camera than she be about sailing with I to Europe ! phil woman ! 16 richard you say it , pal ! richard and phil laugh , toast , drink . therese be not amused . dannie clock this . ext . third avenue . night . therese walk with dannie . richard and phil , now very drunk and rowdy , walk slightly ahead of they , with richard guide he bicycle unsteadily along the pavement . phil what you oughta do be hit Spain ... whatsitcalled - Pamplona . catch a bullfight ! up ahead a couple be approach who everyone know : jack taft and he girlfriend , dorothy . the man all speak to each other as dorothy speak to therese . jack phil ( cont 'd ) Holy smoke , look who 's I do not believe it ! do the come . watch out , baby , it 's House un-american activity a pack of commy ! know you be back on the street ? dorothy therese Terry , honey , it 's be age . hey dottie . have not it ? I call I , would you ? will , I promise ! richard turn around as they pass , walk unsteadily backwards with he bicycle . richard that son of a bitch ... you still owe I for that poker game ! therese Richard , watch out , you be -! but she 's too late to save richard from back into a lamppost . he fall down , the bicycle topple down on top of he . phil attempt to help but tumble onto richard , and they both dissolve into a fit of drunken laughter . dannie ( to therese ) Europe . wow . you be lucky . therese be I ? a beat as they watch phil and richard make a meal of get up . 17 therese ( cont ’d ) we should help they . dannie ( after a beat ) you should come to the Times for dinner some time . I work at night , so ... I have get a good pal who 's a junior photo editor . he love to pontificate . i’1l introduce you . therese really ? that - I would - I have like that . dannie ( pleased ) yeah ? okay , then . and they have forget all about richard and phil . int . therese 's apartment . late night . therese and richard lie together side by side in bed . therese be fully clothed . richard wear a tank - top undershirt and boxer . they be engage in a pretty passionate embrace . richard start to unbutton therese 's blouse . she stop he , gently . he roll on top of she . again , she stop he . richard roll off therese , sit up . he take she into he arm , kiss she nose . richard let I touch you . therese let I . richard you sure ? therese nod she head . richard take therese 's hand and place it on he boxer short , over he cock . richard ( cont ’d ) this okay ? she nod . richard move she hand inside he boxer short . he put he hand over hers and begin to guide she into a hand job , slow and steady . therese like that ? richard let go of therese 's hand and lean back , close he eye . he let out a low moan . 18 therese watch richard intently the whole time , as if she 's more a observer than a full participant . richard 's breathe rapidly quicken . richard ( as he come ) I love you , Terry . richard relax . therese pull she hand out of richard 's short . she look down at the semen on she hand . richard sit up , take off he vest , switch off the light . richard ( cont ’d ) Jesus , Terry , you should not look at it . richard laugh , wipe therese 's hand with he undershirt and throw it onto the floor . therese laugh , too . richard lean forward , kiss therese deeply , tenderly . therese pull away suddenly . therese shit , I forget you aspirin . therese jump out of bed and run to the bathroom . richard , exhaust and happy , fall back onto the bed . int . therese 's apartment . late night . richard be asleep . therese sit at she small kitchen table . therese hold carol 's glove and the sale slip from frankenberg 's with carol 's name , address and signature neatly write on it . she consider the slip for a moment before prop it up against a salt shaker with the glove . she draw she knee into she chest and rock herself to and for . she watch richard sleep . ext . therese 's apartment . late night . therese stand in front of a postbox , wear a coat over she night clothes . there 's not a soul in sight in the cold night . she look at a small package address to '' Mrs. H. aird '' for a moment before drop it into the postbox . she look up at she window a moment before be seize by a chill and run up the stoop to she building . ext . suburban new jersey STREET . late morning . a mailman pull up to a large stone house with a gable roof , along the stately residential street . he grab a handful of mail , jump down and begin walk up the driveway . 19 int . carol 's house . entrance . late morning . mail be drop through the letter slot , include therese 's package to carol . florence , carol 's housekeeper , glance over to the entry while mop the floor . int . carol 's house . carol 's bedroom . late morning . carol sit with she daughter rindy , age 4 , at carol 's vanity . carol be brush rindy 's hair , as rindy count along , pretend to powder she face with a powder puff . rindy fifty -three , fifty - four , fifty - five ... ( she look up at she mother ) sixty ? carol ( kiss she forehead ) fifty-six . rindy fifty-six . fifty-seven ... carol hear the sound of she husband 's arrival downstairs . carol that must be you daddy . we have better finish up . fifty -eight , fifty - nine - rindy come skate with daddy and I ! carol oh , I wish I could , sweet pea . rindy why not , mommy ? pretty please ! harge , carol 's husband , appear in the bedroom doorway . he carry the pile of mail . harge ( to rindy ) hiya , sunshine . carol look up . she see harge reflect in the vanity mirror . rindy turn , see he , jump down from she mother 's lap and run to he . carol you be early . 20 harge mail come . harge wave it vaguely before set it down on a end - table . rindy daddy ! I want mommy to come skate too ! she leap into he arm . he spin she around . carol have not move from the vanity . harge okeydokey , smokey , one thing at a time . he put rindy down . catch sight of carol stare at he . he put the mail down onto the vanity . int . carol 's house . kitchen . late morning . carol , harge and rindy in the kitchen . rindy sit on harge 's lap . she 's use crayon to draw a picture . florence prepare a hot meal in the background . harge how ' bout some green for the tree ? carol she love to color in the sky first . harge and cy 's wife ask if you be come - carol ( he do this every time ) - jeanette . harge - jeaneatte . ( beat ) I know she have love to see you . carol give she my best . I have always like jeanette . carol check rindy 's draw , slide another color over to she . as she do , harge slide a hand over carol be . harge I would like you to be there . 21 carol look at harge 's hand on hers . she look up at he . carol I be sorry , harge . I have plan . rindy mommy and aunt Abby be exchange present . harge smile , nod , pat carol 's hand , withdraw he hand , turn he daughter around in he lap to face he . harge you be see a lot of aunt Abby lately , sunshine ? with mommy ? carol shoot harge a look . he hold she gaze , not give in . carol look away , uncomfortable in florence 's presence . carol i’1ll - try and re-arrange with Abby . harge thank you . int . frankenberg 's department store . shipping dept . day . a shipping clerk sort through he file of carbon shipping receipt while therese stand at the window . therese ( cont ’d ) I tell the customer it would get to she by Christmas Eve . base on what we have be tell . Three business day from the - shipping clerk ( look up at she ) should have be deliver this afternoon . therese oh. right. so ... it arrive ? she sign for it ? shipping clerk ( all curt business here ) it arrive . therese great . thanks - thank you . 22 int . carol 's house . carol 's bedroom . night . carol sit before she dress table brush out she hair . a light cigarette burn down in a ashtray on the dress table . a tumbler of scotch on the rock rest beside the ashtray . carol put down the brush , and glance down at she lap . there she hold the glove she have leave at frankenberg 's and a note from therese . she take a drag of the cigarette and read the note again : salutation from frankenberg 's Department store. employee 645-a . she crumple up the letter and toss it into a small waste basket . she take another drag on she cigarette , then glance back at the waste basket . int . frankenberg 's. doll desk . the next day . late afternoono therese at she desk be be exhaust by a picky female customer . a score of open doll box and doll be sprawle across the desk . roberta wall ( 0.s. ) belivet ? miss belivet ? therese look up . roberta wall stand at a desk nearby , crook a finger at therese and hold a telephone receiver up . roberta wall ( cont ’d ) over here please . now ? she snap she finger for another sale clerk to take over from therese . therese ( to customer ) sorry - I be - excuse I . therese hurry over to roberta wall as the sale clerk take over the picky female customer . roberta wall hand the receiver to therese and shoot she a wither look . therese take the phone . therese ( cont ’d ) hello ? operator ( 0.s. ) be this employee 645-a , tereeza belivet ? therese yes . 23 operator ( 0.s ) we be patching you though , mar ‘am . int . carol 's house . kitchen . late afternoon . carol cook dinner as she make she call , which help she combat some of she residual shyness . a radio be tune in to some big band music . carol so it be you . int . frankenberg 's. doll desk . late afternoon . therese on the phone . wall , stony - face and stare . therese oh - hello . Mrs. aird ? do you - receive the train set alright ? int . carol 's house . kitchen . late afternoon . carol I do . and the glove . thank you so much . you be a star for send they . I just call to say - thank you , really . therese ( 0.s. ) of course . carol pick up a saucepan lid but it 's too hot and she drop it . it clatter on the floor . carol ( cont 'd ) oh , shit - sorry . what I mean to say - do you get a lunch hour there ? - let I take you to lunch . it 's the least I can do . int . frankenberg 's. doll desk . late afternoon . therese blink . hard . she hold a long breath before replying , mindful of roberta wall attune to she every word . therese I - well . yes , of course . but you really do not - ( pause ) tomorrow ? ( pause ) no , I do not know it . hold on . ( sheepishly to roberta ) I be sorry . can I borrow a paper and a pencil ? 24 roberta wall be not happy as she slide a paper and pencil over to therese . therese quickly scribbles down a address . int . midtown restaurant . day . therese stand at the front of a small midtown restaurant , with white tablecloth and wooden rafter . she glance up at the clock which read 1:12 and check it against she wristwatch . she glance out the window . there , through bevele glass , she spot carol hurry across the street . int . midtown restaurant . day . moment later carol and therese be seat at a quiet table . carol be remove she hat , glance at she menu as a waiter hover . therese sit transfix , she eye quick and alert , take in everything about carol from the way a delicate gold bracelet fall against she wrist as she peruse she menu to the way carol be finger grip she water glass . carol I be so sorry to keep you wait . ( to the waiter ) I 'il have the cream spinach over poach egg . and a dry martini . with a olive . carol and the waiter look to therese , who realize she have not even open she menu . a beat , then : therese I ' 1l have the same . waiter the meal or the drink ? therese uhh - all of it . thank you . the waiter nod , start off , as carol clock therese 's uncertainty . therese not want to stare at carol , now pick up she menu and thumb through it . carol cigarette ? carol offer therese a cigarette from she exquisite silver case . therese notice that carol 's hand be lovely and smooth , salon manicure , in contrast to therese 's own . therese take a cigarette from the case . carol light therese 's cigarette and therese proceed to smoke it , though not without some effort . carol ( cont 'd ) so what kind of a name be belivet ? 25 therese it 's Czech . it 's change . originally - carol it 's very original . therese ( she feel herself blush ) well . carol and you first name ? therese therese . carol therese . not ter-eeza . therese no. carol therese belivet . that 's lovely . therese and yours ? carol Carol . therese Carol . the waiter reappear with they drink and carol pick up she glass and toast . carol cheer . therese ( clinking glass ) cheer . carol sip at she martini . therese watch she for a moment , then sample hers . she try to hide the surprise of its strength . carol smile . therese ( cont ’d ) ( beat ) so , you - I be sure you think it be a man who send back you glove . 26 carol I do . I think it might be a man in the ski department . therese I be sorry . carol no , I be delighted . I doubt very much if I have have go to lunch with he . therese watch as carol massage the back of she neck for a moment . therese you perfume - carol yes ? therese it 's nice . carol thank you . harge buy I a bottle year ago , before we be marry . I have be wear it ever since . therese harge be you husband ? carol yes . well . technically we - we be divorce . therese ( after a beat ) I be sorry . carol ( stub out she cigarette ) do not be . therese do not know what to say . carol smile , change the subject . carol ( cont 'd ) and do you live alone , therese belivet ? therese I do . ( beat ) well , there 's Richard . he want to live with I . carol look up at therese , raise eyebrow smile . 27 therese ( cont ’d ) no , it 's nothing like that . it 's - he would like to marry I . carol I see . would you like to marry he ? a pause . therese ( she make light of it ) I ... barely know what to order for lunch . carol nod , almost look past therese - what be she think about ? suddenly it seem to therese that carol 's mood have somehow darken . the waiter appear with they food . he set they plate down . carol pick up she silverware , the cloud seemingly past . carol I be starve . bon appetit . carol eat and therese watch , almost have to force herself to pick up she fork and knife and join she . but she do . carol look up at she for a moment : carol ( cont 'd ) and what do you do on Sunday ? therese nothing in particular . what do you do ? carol nothing - lately . if you have like to visit I some time , you be welcome to . at least there 's some pretty country around where I live . would you like to come out this Sunday ? carol wait for therese 's answer . therese yes . carol what a strange girl you be . therese why ? carol flung out of space . 28 therese feel herself blush , and look away from carol . she try to attend to she lunch and martini . ext . restaurant . day . through pass crowd , therese watch from just outside the restaurant entrance as carol climb into a convertible across the street . carol 's best friend , ABBY , drive . she and carol greet each other with european - style kiss . then carol turn around and wave to therese . therese wave back as the car take off , disappear into traffic . int . ABBY 's car . day . ABBY snake along Sixth Avenue . carol I can just see harge 's mother 's face when she see I in this . maybe I should stop home and change . ABBY do not be a stupe . carol why do not I just not show up ? ABBY because I 'il be blame . so you would better just grin and bear it . ( beat ) you want to tell I about she ? carol and ABBY exchange a brief glance . carol therese ? ( shrug ) she return my glove . ABBY and ? carol and ... if you do not get we out of this traffic soon , I will not have to worry about any damned party . ( bundle up ) : do you ever put the top up ? 29 int . frankenberg 's. employee locker room . day . therese sit opposite she open locker , now wear she employee smock . she write inside a appointment diary , on a otherwise empty page , slowly and carefully in fountain pen : Mrs. Carol aird . seventh Avenue entrance . 2:00 pm Sunday . she consider what she 's write , blow on the ink so it dry . ext . new jersey . wealthy suburb . early evening . a well - keep road full of wealthy home , green , sweeping lot , old wealth . ABBY 's car pull into the circular drive of a large modern home , set back against a cloak of tree - the residence of harge 's boss , cy harrison . there 's clearly a party go on : music , laughter , well - dress guest arrive , valet open door , take key , etc . ABBY shut off the engine and turn to carol , who begin rummage through she purse in sudden agitation . carol where on earth be my compact . God damn it . ABBY lean over towards carol , touch she arm . ABBY you look fine . carol look at ABBY . carol come in with I . just for a minute . ABBY do not even start . you be the one who cancel on we - you nitwit ! carol I know . I know . I be sorry - I be go ! carol look towards the house again , gather herself . ABBY call I later . int . cy harrison 's house . den / live room - early evening . a large room for entertaining right off the foyer . Big , open fireplace . waiter circulate with food and drink . harge stand in a group with he parent , JOHN and jennifer , he boss cy and cyas wife , jeanette . 30 JOHN ( to cy ) I have try to talk sense to the boy , cy . I tell he , son , tri-state Capital 's not go to buy that Murray Hill parcel unless you improve you golf handicap . harge ( to he father , slight edge ) I have get a few other thing on my mind , dad . a reserve silence , as they all know to what he 's refer . harge look off , see carol in the foyer , hand she coat to a valet . harge ( cont ’d ) Excuse I . and he make he way through the guest to join carol . int . cy harrison 's house . live room - night the party in full -sw . a dance band play '' harbour light '' , and harge and carol dance a slow fox - trot . carol notice the other woman , dress much more formally than she . harge clock this and draw she closer to he . harge you be always the most beautiful woman in any room . carol tell you mother that . they look across the room to see jennifer watch they , and indeed , look as if she have just swallow a clove of garlic . int . cy harrison 's house . buffet / dine room - later Carol and harge , and cy and Jennifer be move through the dinner buffet with they plate . jennifer hover , tidy the display , and hand stray glass and napkin to member of the staff . jennifer we might hire a local boy to appear as Santa for rindy , Christmas morning . if only we could find a way to get he down the chimney ! ( beat ; to carol ) how have you arrange it in the past , Carol ? 31 carol what 's that ? jennifer Christmas morning . with rindy . carol exchange a brief look with harge before answer . carol oh , we ... usually get up at dawn , harge and I , and we - we wrap rindy 's gift together . arrange they under the tree and wait for rindy to wake . which be - she normally - harge ( help carol out ) usually , she 's down the stair ina shot and barely notice we before she 's rip through all the wrapping . carol ( smile , grateful to harge ) yes . that 's right . jennifer but no Santa Claus . carol no. jennifer oh . well . it be a production - May I serve you ? jeanette offer carol a commiserate look : oh-brother . ext . cy harrison 's house . later . carol and jeanette in the garden . the party can be see go on through a row of french door . they smoke cigarettes . carol take off she shoe , rub she foot . jeanette ( take a long deep drag on she cigarette ) keep a eye out , will you ? cy 'il scream if he catch I with this . carol ( laugh ) what 's 1ll he do ? dock you allowance ? 32 jeanette ( very matter of fact ) he do not like I to smoke . carol so ? you like it . but they both know that it 's simply the way it be : wife defer to they husband 's wish . jeanette Carol , I - it 's really not my business , but if you be go to be alone on Christmas , cy and I would love to have you . carol ( she 's really touch by the offer ) thank you , jeanette . carol take another look inside the party : couple dance through the tent plastic . carol ( cont 'd ) ( watch the dance ) I do not know . I might get away by myself . at least for a few day . int . new york time . photo dept . office . night . dannie usher therese into the allure world of a junior photo editor 's office : the contact sheet dangle from light board , the professional equipment , trays and lense - but mostly it 's the photo themselves that she 's in awe of . candid , crime scene , sport photo , everything that make up the visual narrative of a newspaper . dannie sit at a desk and set up dinner , a makeshift array bring from home - wrap sandwich , bottle of beer . therese breathes it all in , not dare to touch anything . dannie do not worry , nothing 's gonna break if you pick it up . you want a sandwich ? therese shake she head , pick up a contact sheet and a magnifier and glance at the picture . dannie watch she . dannie ( cont ’d ) what be you picture like ? therese they be - probably not very good . I do not know . 33 dannie I mean , what be they ? what be they of ? therese tree . bird . window . anything , really . ( beat ) what do you write about ? dannie people . a pause . therese look through a camera lens at dannie . he look up at she , she lower the lens . therese I feel strange , I think ... take picture of people . it feel like - a intrusion or a - dannie invasion of privacy ? therese yes . dannie open a beer , hold it out to therese . she take it . dannie yeah but , all of we , we have , you know - affinity for people , right ? therese do not answer . dannie ( cont ’d ) or certain people . there be certain people you like ... therese sometimes . dannie and other you do not . and you do not really know why you be attract to some people and not other , the only thing you know be - you either be attract or you be not . it 's like physics - bounce off each other like pin ball . therese ( smile ) so now you be a scientist ? 34 dannie just try to explain why I write about people rather than tree . therese sound more like psychology . dannie physics be more comforting . therese grab a sandwich . therese yeah , but ... not everything 's as simple as a bunch of pin ball reacting , or ... dannie some thing do not even react . but everything 's alive . a beat . dannie move to therese , take the beer bottle away from she , put it down . he put he hand on therese 's shoulder . therese it 's late . I should go . he kiss she , and she let he , remain very still . then dannie step back and therese look down . therese ( cont ’d ) you should not ... dannie why ? do you mind ? therese no . dannie would Richard mind ? therese probably . ( beat ) I have to go . therese gather she thing together , go to the door . dannie come back tomorrow ? or Wednesday ? therese maybe . I do not know . therese leave . 35 ext . carol 's house . late night . harge have bring carol home from the party . they stand together outside the door while carol fish for she key . harge reach into he pocket and produce he , open door . harge here . carol thanks . and thanks for stay sober and drive I home . ( kissing he cheek ) goodnight , harge . she start to go inside the house . harge stop she gently . harge come to my parent for Christmas . we have a nice time tonight . carol ( not unkindly ) it be one night . harge I do not like to think of you . alone . carol I be not alone . there 's rindy , there 's - she stop herself . harge know what she be about to say . harge Abby . there 's always Abby . carol ( after a pause ) Abby and I be over long before you and I be over , harge. ( beat ) I nil have rindy pack and ready for you at four on Christmas Eve . she start to step inside the house . harge it should not be like this . carol I know . and she quietly shut the door on harge . 36 int . carol 's house . live room . night . the live room be dark and quiet . rindy have fall asleep on the sofa ; florence , on a chair opposite . carol give florence a pat on she shoulder and squat down beside rindy . florence she want to wait up for you . carol ah , mama 's special girl . carol brushes a strand of hair away from she eye . she gently pick she up and carry she out of the room and up the stair . carol ( cont 'd ) goodnight , Florence . int . carol 's house . live room . later carol lift a holiday blanket from a small platform , revealing the assemble train set , set up behind a couch . she switch on the train and watch it begin its slow route along the track . she sip at a nightcap . ext . frankenberg 's. seventh avenue entrance . early sunday afternoon . therese , in coat , scarf and glove , wait for carol 's car to pull up outside . richard wait with she . richard where 's this place in Jersey ? therese the country , I think . I do not really know . richard my uncle sal life in Union City and he claim it 's pretty dangerous out there at night - therese it 's not Union City . richard okay , okay . carol pull up to the curb . therese there 's my ride . 37 richard accompany therese to the car . he open the door for she , she get in , shut the door , roll down the window . he lean down to kiss she . richard eight o'clock ? therese eight o'clock . richard look into the car , hold up a hand in greeting to carol . richard hi. carol hello . Carol aird . richard ( lean across therese to shake carol 's hand ) Richard semco . glad to meet you . carol likewise . therese ( to richard ) she want to meet you . carol therese speak very highly of you . richard ( pleased to hear it ) well , that 's - swell . so you will ... get she back safe and sound ? carol smile , salute she assent . therese be slightly embarrassed . richard lean into the car and touch therese 's chin lightly . richard ( cont ’d ) Love you . but therese have already roll up the window , the car have start to go . richard diminish through the rear window . int . carol 's car . approaching lincoln tunnel . day . carol and therese make they way cross town , as a cool winter sun comb through the car window . carol appear at home behind the wheel - relaxed , confident . 38 to therese , the world inside carol 's car be a revelation , from the tan leather upholstery and mahogany dashboard to the effortless style and elegance of its driver . the sound of the world - even carol 's occasional chatter - have be replace with the stillest music , the sound of air and light . the presence of this older , sophisticated woman , who wear silk stocking and expensive perfume , be intoxicating and unnerve in equal measure . even Carol 's purse , which rest beside therese on the seat , be quite unlike anything she have see or examine so closely , full of mystery and make - up and fragrance . from there she eye wander down to carol 's leg , clad in smoky silk stocking . glancing down at she own leg , wrap in sensible wool tight , therese wonder if she will ever be the kind of woman who own such a car and wear such clothes . the music brood slightly as therese look straight ahead and the car enter the lincoln tunnel . the car plunge into the semi-darkness as if enter a cocoon , a delirious descent , which bind they together . she watch carol 's finger grip the wheel , how carol squint slightly when she concentrate . therese can barely suppress a tiny smile . but glance back , carol suddenly appear to be mile away . carol switch on the car radio and jo stafford 's '' you belong to I '' come on . therese lean back in she seat as they continue , speed through the dark tunnel . as we return to : int . phil 's apartment . night . ( april 1953 ) '' you belong to I '' also play as several couple dance , among they richard and a pretty young woman who he clutches tightly . therese , drink a beer , watch they from a hallway just outside the live room . richard catch sight of therese , tensing slightly , before spin he partner up and away from therese 's view . therese look down , pull out a cigarette from she purse and lighting it . she spot a attractive dark - haire woman on the opposite side of the live room whose eye be clearly on she . therese hold she gaze for a few second , but she can feel herself blush , and she look down . when she look back up , the woman have disappear . therese saunter a bit , glance into the next room where she spot dannie and he girlfriend louise slow -dance . they barely move , hold on to each other the way people do when they be newly in love . CUT back to : flashback : december , 1952 . 39 int . / ext . carol 's car . XMAS tree lot . new jersey . day . at a Christmas tree lot , therese sit in the car load she camera with film . when she 's do , she spot carol outside as a teenaged boy tie up they tree , a large Doug fir . the teenaged boy have a bad cold and carol offer he tissue . therese step out of the car , aim she camera and take a few shot . int . carol 's car . ridgewood , new jersey . day . the car make its way to Carol 's house , with the Douglas fir laid across the front and back seat between therese and carol . therese love the feel of the needle against she skin , the way it smell , the way she know that carol be beside she , though she can not see she . the car come to a halt in front of carol 's house . it 's a big house , a bigger house than therese have ever be inside . carol turn off the engine . carol you still with I ? therese yes . carol open she door , pop out of the car . therese be about to get out of the car when she see the front door of the house open and rindy come tear out to greet she mother . florence stand in the doorway , ready to escort mother and daughter inside . rindy mommyyyy !! carol hello , my darling ! guess what I bring you ? I bet you will never guess ... therese watch as mother and daughter proceed inside , chatter away . int . carol 's house . kitchen . day . later . therese prepare a tray of tea and cookie . through the open door we can see carol and rindy in the live room , decorate the tree . almost finish , carol be set up a ladder beside the tree . carol where 's the star ? 40 rindy root around in the pile of ornament , find it . rindy this one , mommy . carol that 's my girl . therese watch as carol ascend the ladder and place the star at the top of the tree . carol ( cont 'd ) look how beautiful ! carol descend the step ladder and join rindy , take she into she lap . carol ( cont 'd ) have you ever see a more beautiful tree ? and now ... what come after the star be place ? rindy more star ! carol ( tickle rindy ) I do not ... think ... so ! o/s florence you find everything you need , miss ? therese , startle , turn to see florence stand at the rear of the kitchen , near a back door . therese gosh , you scared I . how silly . florence ( she 's not sorry ) I be sorry , miss . ( beat ) I '1l take that through for Mrs. aird . florence pick up the tray , walk through to the live room . int . carol 's house . live room . night . a fire crackle in the fireplace as carol , seat under the tree , struggle to wrap the train set . therese sit at the piano , improvise , jump from one bit of a tune to another . a half - empty bottle of white wine and a couple of glass stand nearby . 4l carol be that picture of I you be take ? at the tree lot ? therese stop play . a silence . therese I be sorry . I should have ask . carol do not apologize . therese I have be try to ... a friend of mine tell I I should be more interested . in human . carol and how 's that go ? therese ( after a small beat ) well ... actually . carol I be glad . therese begin to play '' easy live . '' carol listen for a moment , rise , walk over to therese . carol ( cont 'd ) that 's beautiful . she graze she hand on therese 's shoulder . therese freeze , and carol try to lighten the moment with two quick stroke to she cheek . therese continue to play and carol listen . carol ( cont 'd ) be that what you want to be ? a photographer ? therese I think so . if I have any talent for it . carol be not that something other people let you know you have ? all you can do be - keep work . use what feel right . throw away the rest . therese finish the song . carol start over to a table by the couch , open a cigarette box , take one out , light it . carol ( cont 'd ) will you show I you work ? ( she sit on the couch ) 42 therese sure . I mean , I have not sell anything . or even show a picture to anyone who could buy one . I do not even have a decent camera . but ... they be all at my place . under the sink , mostly . carol invite I round . from outside , the sound of a car pull into the driveway . car door open and slam . the moment break , carol rise quickly , and march toward the front door . carol come out of the live room and find harge in the entry , restringing the mistletoe . carol ( cont 'd ) harge . what 's wrong ? harge nothing . do there have to be a problem for I to visit my wife ? harge approach carol , reach out to greet she , but stop , spot therese at the piano in the live room . he look to carol and carol look away . then harge move past carol down the hall and into the kitchen . therese clock it all . int . carol 's house . live room . later . therese browse through a book , alone in the live room , as she hear carol and harge converse in the kitchen . through the crack door she catch glimpsis of carol pace to and for , anxiously smoking , and hear the sound of harge repair a pipe under the kitchen sink . she try occupy herself , peruse title of book from the bookshelf . carol ... that 's not fair , harge . we agree that rindy would stay with I until Christmas Eve . harge what do you suggest I do ? - you think I prefer traipsing off to West Palm Beach for the holiday ? it be all mother 's do - carol but I be not - ready - she 's not pack - she 's asleep in bed ! what about my Christmas with my daughter - ? 43 harge I be sorry , Carol , but it can not be help . the flight 's in the morning - you think I have pack ?... ( the sound of drop tool ) - goddamnit ! int . carol 's house . kitchen . continuous . harge emerge from beneath the sink , have hurt he hand . carol go to help he up . but as he do he spot therese through the door . he march over and open it fully . therese look catch , startle . a silence . harge how do you know my wife ? carol harge , please ... therese I - work at frankenberg 's . the department store . carol I order a gift from she desk . I forget my glove . she return they . I thank she . harge ( to carol ) that 's bold . harge size therese up for a moment before he turn back into the kitchen . he walk past carol and exit into a cloakroom at the back of the house where we hear sound of he clean up . carol , exasperate , approach the live room doorway . therese can I - do - carol just ... leave it be . carol gently shut the door . therese be leave stand there , shut out . ext . carol 's house . night . a uniformed chauffeur sit at the wheel of harge 's car , alert and silent , as carol bundle rindy into the back seat . florence put she bag in the trunk as harge wait with a cigarette and drink outside the front door . 44 carol remember : in bed by seven . I know how you take advantage of grandma Jennifer . ( beat ) okay , snow flake . gimme a big one . ( she hug rindy tightly and kiss she ) you be go to have the most wonderful Christmas , I promise . rindy pull back from the hug . she have a idea . rindy there 's room for you in the car , mommy . you can come with we ! carol oh , darling , I - wish I could ... but sometimes ... mommy and daddy decide there be not enough room for they both in the same place at the same time - ( unable to go further ) and mommy have to be here to make sure Santa 's elf do not give you present to another little girl . you would not want that , would you ? rindy give she a bright smile and carol hug she , and kiss she eyelid . carol clock the chauffeur watch she through the rear view mirror , and quickly look away . int . carol 's house . live room . continuous music plays softly from the phonograph ( " El americano '' by xavier cugal and he orchestra ) as therese tidy up , try to make herself useful . she can see carol through the bay window , shutting the car door and start back toward the house , wear only a thin sweater around she shoulder . she see harge step off of the front porch , stub out he cigarette , and walk towards carol . ext . carol 's house . continuous . carol head to the front door , but harge pull she back towards he . a silence , as he take she hand in one of he . he can hear the music from inside the house . he sway a little . harge you smell good . carol you be drunk . 45 he pull she closer to he , he close he eye , try to dance with she . carol ( cont 'd ) harge , I be cold . int . carol 's house . live room . continuous . through the open front door therese can see harge stumble back slightly , away from carol and carol grab he arm to right he . carol let I get you some coffee . harge ( a bit drunk ) I be not drunk . harge take a step towards carol . therese duck back into the live room , not wishing to overhear any more . harge ( cont 'd ) you can still come with we . go pack a bag . carol I can not do that . harge sure , you can . it 's easy . we can buy you a ticket in the morning . ext . carol 's house . continuous . harge try to take she hand , she back away . harge what ? you be go to spend Christmas with Abby ? be that it ? or with you - shop girl ? carol stop it , harge . harge I put nothing past woman like you . carol you marry a woman like I . 46 int . carol 's house . live room . continuous . therese go to the phonograph , increase the volume slightly , so that she can hear only the rise and fall of the voice outside . ext . carol 's house . continuous . harge reach out to grab carol , she back away . he stumble , fall onto he knee . a silence , as he catch he breath . harge come with I now . if you do not - if you - let I - open that car door - if you will not come - carol ( she interrupt he ) then what ? then it 's over ? harge be about to respond , but he suddenly realize he 's on he hand and knee , drunk , before carol , who be very still and very silent . harge goddamn you - you be never ... cruel . carol harge ... carol take a step towards harge . she can not bear to see he in this state . but harge will not accept she help now . he rise , and take a quick look at he wait car , rindy in the back seat . harge take a few deep breath , smooth he clothes , wipe he face with the palm of he hand . carol take another step towards he . carol ( cont ’d ) I be sorry . harge stiffen , recoil , dig he hand deep into he coat pocket and turn away , stride briskly to he car . carol watch as he pile in and shut the door . the car drive off . carol hug herself tight against the cold . int . carol 's house . evening . continuous . therese hear the front door quietly shut , stand at the phonograph - still , silent . she look up and carol be there , watch she , but it 's almost as if carol be look through she . then carol go to switch off the phonograph and move off to pour herself a drink . she open the cigarette case . 47 therese I should call a cab . carol and just when you think it can not get any worse , you run out of cigarettes . therese oh - I - tell I where to go . i’1l buy some for you . really , I do not mind - carol ( snap ) you do not have to run out in the middle of nowhere to buy cigarettes . not for I . I be fine . a pause . carol drink . therese cover she upset . carol ( cont 'd ) the next train 's at 6.50 . i’1l drive you to the station . int . carol 's car . night . carol drive therese to the station . there 's no one else on the road ; it 's utterly noiseless . at this moment there could not be more distance between they . int . train car . night . therese sit against a window as the train speed its way back to Manhattan . a couple of holiday reveler , laugh and tipsy , bump against therese 's seat as they make they way through the car . therese turn to watch they as they make they way to the end of the car . they joyfulness be unbearable to therese . she make herself as small as she can against the window . she be cry . int . semco apartment . night . it 's a warm , ramshackle apartment full of overstuff , mismatch furniture and bowl trophy . in the kitchen , richard wash up a pile of dinner plate while mrs . semco sit at the table with therese . she take a thermometer out of therese 's mouth and hold it up to the light to read it . mrs . semco ( refer to the thermometer ) what be this number ? I can not read it . my eye ! 48 therese read the thermometer for mrs . semco . therese ninety - eight point six . perfectly normal . no fever . richard you hear that mar , no fever . mrs . semco my eye be no good , not my ear . you wanna plate of noodle , Terry ? we save you a big plate . therese I be really not that hungry . mrs . semco ( she 's kid , but she 's not ) I think you be a smart cookie . you know that 's not the way to a mother - in - law 's heart . richard and therese exchange a look . richard 's mother have embarrassed he . richard ma - cut it out . mrs . semco what ? cut it out what ? mr . semco appear in the kitchen doorway . he wear a bowl shirt and carry a bowl bag . mr . semco ( to therese ) you show up . good . I be tired of hearing he moan . do I a favour , therese . settle down with he already . richard 's even more embarrassed . richard come on , what be this ? the inquisition ? therese ( defuse the situation ) okay - I 'il eat . mrs semco beam , pinch therese 's cheek . mrs . semco that 's my girl ! 49 she prepare therese a plate . richard and therese exchange a look . he appreciate she assist . int . semco apartment . night . richard 's room . therese and richard sit on he bed . therese hold a wrap box on she lap . therese I can not open this now . it 's day before Christmas . richard but I want you to . ( he shrug ) I be impatient . therese unwrap and open the box . Inside be brochure of France - and two ticket for passage on a ship . the date of departure : March 1 , 1953 . a pause . therese Richard ... what be this ? richard beam , take one of the ticket from therese . richard well , that one 's mine . I think it be more romantic to wrap ‘em up together . therese stare at the ticket in she hand , pick up one of the brochure full of picture of Paris landmark ... richard ( cont ’d ) jeez , Terry , you could cheer up a little . it 's not every day you get a trip to Europe for Christmas . therese look up at richard . therese we be suppose to go in July . richard I know , but - look , I be gonna tell you on Christmas day . frankenberg 's offer I a promotion . Assistant manager , bed and bedding . therese just stare at he , unable to say a word . 50 richard ( cont ’d ) it 's a big raise . and they be let I take a month off in March , two week of it pay . the summer 's a busy time there and - therese I can not go in March . richard why not ? you get laid off next week . it 's not like you have any big plan . but this sting therese , and richard regret say it . richard ( cont ’d ) I do not mean - Terry , you know I think the world of you and - well , I think you want to go to France . with I . and I figure ... what the hell , the sooner the better ... therese I do want to go . I do . ( beat ) it 's just - soon . March . a silence . therese put the ticket and brochure back into the box , put the lid back on to the box . int . therese 's apartment bldg . late night . therese can be see through a window get out of a cab , enter the dark building and wearily climb the stair . as she get to she apartment door the hall telephone start to ring . therese turn , sigh , go to answer it . therese hello ? a door down the hall crack open - thereseas landlady peer out towards therese . landlady do you know what time it be , miss belivet ? therese I be sorry - it just ring ... none too pleased , the landlady shut she door . therese return she attention to the phone . therese ( cont ’d ) hello ? 51 no one answer . int . carol 's house . bedroom . continuous . carol , on the other line , smoke a cigarette , exhales . int . therese 's apartment bldg . continuous . suddenly , therese know who 's on the other end of the line . she close she eye . therese Carol . carol ( 0.s. ) ( after a beat ) I be - horrible . before . will you forgive I ? therese yes ... I mean ... it 's not - carol ( 0.s. ) then will you - would you - let I come see you ... tomorrow evening ? therese yes ... yes. ( beat ) I want to - know . I think . I mean , to ask you ... thing . but I be not sure you want that . int . carol 's house . bedroom . continuous . carol ( after a beat ) ask I . thing . please . int . therese 's apartment bldg . continuous . therese close she eye . silence . which be suddenly pierce by a group of young people enter therese 's building , giddy and intoxicate . therese be startle , watch they from above , stumbling into the building . by the time she put the phone back to she ear , she know carol 's hang up . CUT back to : int . phil 's apartment . night . ( april 1953 ) the party be in full swing - more of a crowd , more laughter , booz . 52 therese stand at a window near a SMALL group of people , include genevieve cantrell , the woman she spot earlier . therese try to watch genevieve without be see as a male party guest dominate . male party guest I do not know , man . you can have she . she 's one of this real greenwich Village phony , if you ask I . ( to someone else ) : where you goin 's Dave ? stick around a minute . genevieve you be phil 's friend , be not you ? therese I be , yes . and dannie 's . genevieve be not you go to ask I how I know that ? therese be not most people here phil 's friend ? genevieve smile - touche . therese smile , too , loosen up , enjoy the flirt . genevieve I can see why phil speak so highly of you . therese can you ? genevieve oh , definitely . I can see a lot . therese really ? what do you see ? genevieve ( give she a good long look ) great - potential . genevieve hand therese a beer , and they clink in a toast . therese smile , she enjoy genevieve 's attention , but she can not hold genevieve 's gaze , something about its boldness draw she away from the moment , from the party ... return to : flashback : december 1952 53 int . frankenberg 's. employee cafeteria . day . the employee Christmas party be in progress , which consist of the same old lunch plus Christmas cookie , holiday music and decoration . therese stand next to ruby robichek in a long line of staff . when it 's ruby 's turn , the server give ruby double of everything in a food box . therese notice this , and ruby see she notice . ruby robichek when you live alone , every penny count . you economize . you 'il learn . therese how do you know I live alone ? ruby robichek ( very matter of fact ) you get that look . therese and ruby sit at a table . ruby dig into she purse , find a slip of paper and pen , scribbles down she address and telephone number and give it to therese . ruby robichek ( cont ’d ) I know everything there be to know about this place . i’1l fill you in . therese I be only here a few more day . ruby robichek yeah ? where you go ? macy 's ? I know it ! you look like the type who can go swanky . this please ruby and she dig into she lunch with gusto . a silence . therese watch she eat . she watch everybody eat , seemingly in unison . therese slide she tray over to ruby . therese you take it . I do not feel like eat . ruby robichek you sure ? this be good brisket . therese nod . ruby take therese 's meal and shovel it into she food box . ruby robichek ( cont ’d ) you be a good kid . I can get through two , three day with this . therese summon a smile in reply , at a loss for word . 54 ext . midtown manhattan . same day . from a distance , we see carol be car pull swiftly into a parking space near fred hayme 's law office . carol get out of the car and walk briskly down the busy street into the building . int . hayme law office . moment later . fred hayme , carol 's lawyer , be just return to he office when he catch carol deliver a small Christmas present to he secretary . carol secretary merry Christmas , Katherine . ohhh ... carol it 's nothing , I assure you . ( look up ) well , there he be . now will you talk to I ? fred hayme I do not want you to come all the way down here - carol just - give it to I , straight , Fred . what be I not to worry about until after the holiday ? they settle inside fred 's office and fred close the door . fred hayme ( after a beat ) look , Jerry rix serve some papers this morning . to my complete surprise . why do not you sit down ? carol why be it people think you be go to take bad news better if you be sit down ? a awkward silence . fred clear he throat . fred hayme harge have seek a injunction which deny you any access to rindy until the custody hearing . and I be afraid harge have change he mind about joint custody . he want sole custody of rindy . carol what ? 55 carol be stunne . she sit . a silence . carol ( cont 'd ) we have already reach a agreement on custody . what be this all about ? fred hayme they will be filing papers on the twenty - ninth in District family Court for the , uh , permanent custody petition . carol can he do this ? be it - right ? fred hayme I do not know if it 's right , but it 's legal . carol on what grounds . fred hayme ( stalling ) listen . let 's - deal with this after Christmas . you will have a chance to - carol ( she interrupt he ) on. what. Grounds . fred hayme they be petition the judge to consider a morality clause . carol a morality - what the hell do that mean ? fred hayme ( after a moment ) okay . I will not mince word with you . Abby gerhard . carol Abby be rindy 's godmother . Abby be ... ( to herself , really ) he 's ... if he can not have I , I can not have rindy - that 's ... fred hayme I be sorry . but they seem serious . carol look up to fred , nod . a silence . 56 carol when 's the custody hearing ? fred hayme it 's hard to say . with the holiday and a backlog of case ... carol you best guess , Fred . fred hayme not before the middle of March . could be April . carol can I see she ? fred hayme ( not unkindly ) not - let I put it this way - it would not be advisable under the - carol at school ? in a office with a- ? fred hayne the issue be not - carol surely a visit supervise by a teacher or a - fred hayne Carol , this be serious allegation . force contact before the hearing you simply invite further scrutiny concern you conduct . carol my conduct ! Jesus Christ . I be she mother for God 's sake . ( beat ) morality clause . I see . fred hayne do you . carol no . there 's nothing moral about take rindy away from I . carol look back at he in a state of freeze disbelief . 57 ext . fifth avenue . same afternoon . carol reenter the street in a numb daze . she pass crowd of Christmas shopper with place to go and thing to do . she 's not one of that people . she find herself walk back in the direction of she car through the glare of winter light . she put a cigarette to she lip and begin search through she purse , struggle to find a light . finally glance up she be strike by the sight of truck back out of the lot , and collide with a pedestrian clear way . a voice watchit , lady ! carol pardon I . carol turn into a shop window where she finally manage to light she cigarette , take several deep drag . look up she focus a moment on the display . it 's a vacation theme : sunglass on mannequin , camera sling around they neck , luggage stack in artful pile . she let she gaze fall on a large two - tone brown leather suitcase . int . record shop . east 50 's. same late afternoon . therese wait for a request title at the front counter of a midtown record store . the store clerk return with she request : a billie holiday album , with '' easy live '' prominently display on its cover . therese yes , that 's it , thank you . she hand he a five - dollar bill and he begin ringing she up . as she wait for she change , she spot two short -haired women at the listen station , share a single pair of headphone . the more mannish of the two , in horn -rim glass , lean against the railing dress in tailore trousers and jacket over a button-down shirt . the other wear a sleekly tailore woman 's suit , very professional . they be obviously a couple of some kind : New York lesbian . therese observe they for a moment , until the woman in slack look over - and therese quickly look down . ext . record shop . east 5us . richard , wait outside with he bike , turn to find therese walk briskly out of the record shop . therese let 's walk . I want to drop this at home . 58 richard you wish be my command . they start down the block toward therese 's apartment . richard ( cont ’d ) find what you want ? therese ( no big deal ) yeah ... something for someone at the store . richard you up for the jazz club later on ? therese ohh , I do not know . richard s'fine . ( beat ) but you should stop by on Christmas sometime . my Mom 's sort of plan on it . therese Christmas ... that 's for family . I would feel - I do not know ... richard you be family , Terry . they turn down a small driveway , cut through a empty lot . therese try to change the subject . therese I be think of put together a portfolio , you know , of my picture . start take portrait , even . apply for job . maybe at a newspaper . maybe at the Times . dannie know someone -- richard have you be think any more about Europe ? ( no answer ) Terry ? therese stop , brood , and richard stop and turn to she . richard ( cont ’d ) what ? therese how many time have you be in love ? richard ( laugh , not sure where this come from ) whoa. never . until you . therese do not lie . you tell I about that two other girl . richard come on . they be - I have sex with they . that 's not the same thing . therese meaning ... I be different because we have not ... ( quietly ) go all the way ? richard no , no - that 's not what I - hey , what 's this all about ? I love you . that 's what 's different . therese nod . they resume walk . therese have you ever be in love with a boy ? richard ( after a long beat ) no . therese but you have hear of it ? richard of course . I mean , have I hear of people like that ? sure . therese I do not mean people like that . I mean two people who just ... fall in love . with each other . say , a boy and a boy . out of the blue . richard I do not know anyone like that . but I nil tell you this - there 's always some reason for it . in the background . therese so you do not think it could just - happen to somebody , just - anybody ? 59 60 richard no. I do not . what be you say ? be you in love with a girl ? therese no . they reach therese 's building . richard lean he bike against a railing , take therese 's hand in he . richard do not you know I want to spend my life with you , Terry ? come to France with I . let 's get marry . therese Richard , I be not - ready . for that . I can not make myself - richard what ? tell I . therese I just ... I have to go . richard Terry . therese I be sorry . therese run up the stair to she building 's front door , and be in before richard can say another word . int . cocktail bar . same late afternoon / early evening . ABBY and carol sip martinis in silence at a favorite joint . the brown two - tone suitcase carol see in the shop rest against the table . beat . carol I find rindy 's hair brush underneath my pillow this morning . full of she hair . she do that , you know , to let I know she 's be a good girl and brush properly . I usually clean it out but - today , for some reason ... ABBY how could he . how dare he ... a morality what ? 61 carol clause , he say . ABBY Carol - if I be responsible in any way - carol do not you dare - do not you ever . carol downs she drink . she push it towards ABBY for a refill . ABBY refill for they both . ABBY hey . you know that tailor 's shop that go bust in hoboken ? carol sure . the one with the - the - glass thingy on the - carol laugh . ABBY exactly . the glass thingy . that one . carol bullshit . you have no idea what I be talk about . ABBY you be right . but it 's good to hear you laugh . ABBY offer carol a cigarette , she take it , ABBY light it . carol lean back in she chair , relax . ABBY ( cont 'd ) anyway , the landlord offer I a lease . I be think - another furniture shop ? i’1l need some help with restoration every once ina while , and you be the varnish master , so ... carol you be serious . ABBY I be serious . ( beat ) could not be any more of a disaster than the shop we have . a silence . ABBY look away from carol . carol lean in towards she . 62 carol hey . we be not a disaster . it just ... carol do not have the word . ABBY I know . timing . never have it . anyway , I have get my eye on this redhead who own a steak house in Paramus . I be talk - serious rita hayworth redhead . carol really ? you think you have what it take to handle a redhead ? they share a naughty smile , think about serious redhead . they toast . ABBY gesture to the suitcase . ABBY you go somewhere ? carol West , I be think ... for a few week . until the hearing . what else be I go to do ? a silence . ABBY well I know you do not like drive alone . so. ( beat ; ABBY take a deep breath , exhales ) she 's young . carol nod she agreement : there 's no deny it . ABBY ( cont 'd ) tell I you know what you be do . carol I do not. ( silence ) I never do . int . therese 's apartment . same night . someone be knock at therese 's door . therese stick she head out of she bathroom and look quickly around the room . she hurry out , still brush she hair and fix she blouse . as she walk to the door she quickly stashes the billy holiday record under a pillow , and flip on the phonograph ( '' smoke ring , " Les Paul & Mary Ford begin to play ) . she take a last look at she freshly tidy apartment and pull open the door . it 's carol , the suitcase on the floor beside she . 63 carol you landlady let I in . carol light a cigarette . therese can do nothing for a moment but stare . then therese catch sight of the suitcase , which carol push across the threshold with she foot . carol ( cont 'd ) merry Christmas . ( beat ) open it . therese bend down to open the suitcase . Inside be a brand new camera and plenty of roll of film . int . therese 's apartment . later . carol look at therese 's photograph . she take she time , really examine they . therese watch without crowd she - eager for she good opinion . carol come to the photograph therese take of she at the tree lot , hang on the wall . she 's move by it , by the primacy of place therese have give . therese it 's not that good . I be rush , I mean ... I can do better . carol it 's perfect . lean against the end -table , carol pick up a small photo in its original cardboard frame : therese , age 5 , ata convent school . carol ( cont 'd ) be this you ? therese yes . carol put it down , a bit abruptly , and step into therese 's kitchen sink / dark room . carol do you keep anything in the icebox besides photo chemical ? I be feel - therese sure . therese head to the icebox , where she fish out a couple of beer . she turn back to find carol another step away , fight back tear . therese be freeze for a moment , not know exactly what to do . she approach carol but hesitates , look down at the beer in she hand before set they down on the counter . 64 she proceed gingerly , put a tentative hand on carol 's shoulder , squeezing it . very quietly , still turn away , carol break . she lower she head as therese step closer . ext . therese 's roof . night . sipping coffee from mug , carol saunter along the perimeter of the roof while therese sit on a perch , watch . it 's not much of a view , but they can see the tip of the impressive building , the light , the cloudy night sky . therese be there any point in , I do not know ... fight it ? carol the injunction ? ( beat ) no . therese Three month . I feel - useless . like I can not help you or offer anything - carol it have nothing to do with you . a pause . the remark sting therese , but she try to conceal it . carol ( cont 'd ) I be go away for a while . therese when ? where ? carol wherever my car will take I . west. soon. therese can not hide she dismay . carol ( cont 'd ) and I think ... perhaps you have like to come with I . a beat . carol look directly at therese . carol ( cont 'd ) would you ? a long , hold moment before therese make a decision . therese yes . yes , I would . a few flurry of snow have begin to fall . 65 int . frankenberg 's. employee locker room . christmas eve . day . therese be remove she personal belonging from she locker ( some stocking , scarve , book ) and put they in she bag . she separate she frankenberg 's employee handbook and she slightly bloody Santa cap and place they in the locker shelf . down at the other end of the locker room she hear some girl approach . Beyond they she spot ruby robichek seat on a bench , roll up she calf - length stocking , look more weary and alone than ever . therese carefully shut she locker . ext . frankenberg 's. moment later through the Christmas display window we see therese exit the store with she belonging and hail a cab from the street . as the taxi whisk she off we see she glance back one last time . int . therese 's apartment . christmas eve . day . therese and richard at the kitchen table . therese 's clothes and suitcase be spread out on the bed . richard I do not get it . I do not get it , therese . who be this woman to you ? therese she 's a friend . richard I be you friend , Terry . phil be you friend - dannie . this woman - you do not even know she . therese ( after a pause ) you can forward any mail to Chicago , General Post , but I just pay rent through February . I have a little money save up for the - for ... richard look up at she sharply . therese look away from he . richard for we trip . we trip , Terry . and now you be - I do not believe this be happen ! therese I can not explain it . I just - 66 richard what ? you have get one hell of a crush on this woman be what ... you be like a schoolgirl ! therese I do not - I just like she be all . I like talk with she . I be fond of anybody I can really talk to . this sting he , and they exchange a sharp look . richard Nice . you know what I think ? I think two week from now you 'il be wishing you ... she 'il get tired of you and you 'il wish you never - therese - you do not understand -! richard I do - I understand completely . you be in a trance ! therese I be wide awake . I have never feel more awake . ( beat ) why do not you leave I alone ? therese have surprised herself with she boldness . richard be we over ? be that what this be ? therese I do not say that . but why should I want to be with you if all you do be argue about this ? richard to say - to say for a minute you practically want to say goodbye because of some silly crush ! therese I do not say that . you say it . richard grab he jacket and start out the front door . richard you make I buy boat ticket , I get a better job for you ... I ask you to marry I , for chrissake ... 67 int . therese 's apartment build . hallway . day . therese I never make you - I never ask you for - anything . maybe that 's the problem . as he storm down the stair , the landlady stick she head out of she door , observe the row . richard I swear to you , two week from now you will be begging I to forget this ever -! therese Richard ... Richard ! richard have a great trip , Terry ! he storm out of the building as therese start back to she apartment , receive the landlady 's glare . int . therese 's apartment . later . brief close -up : therese place clothes in she new suitcase . she wrap carol 's gift . she compose carol 's gift card . int . carol 's house . guest room . early christmas morning . therese be rouse from sleep with the sound of a approach car . she open she eye , take in she surroundings - the comfortable guest room at carol 's . she hear voice from outside and turn to look out she window . a fresh layer of snow have fall and ABBY 's car have pull up the drive , top -down as usual . carol can be see outside , with a coat throw over she robe . carol be you on you way to bed or just get up ? ABBY both . ABBY try to stifle a laugh , do not quite . carol put a finger to she lip : '' shhh . '' ABBY ( cont 'd ) go for a ride ? carol you nitwit . 68 ABBY well , I have to come see you off , do not I ? carol I be not alone . ABBY uh-oh ... carol ( laugh , then ) come in . there 's coffee . ABBY hop out of the car . int . carol 's house . hallway . moment later . ABBY and carol enter the house . ABBY this place be gloomy as a coal pit in the morning . they see therese sit at the top of the stair in she pajamas . carol we wake you . go back to sleep , it 's early ... therese that 's okay . can I - come down ? ABBY stifles a snort . carol rib she , good - naturedly . therese guardedly watch the way the two interact . carol of course . there 's a robe in the closet . therese stand , and ABBY size she up . carol ( cont 'd ) this be Abby gerhard . ABBY I have no manners . carol absolutely none . ABBY but it 's nice to meet you , therese , all the same . 69 therese nod , smile , then slip back down the hall . int . carol 's house . kitchen . later . day ABBY be finish prepare sandwich which therese be wrapping up . therese have you know Carol for a long time ? ABBY uh-huh . a pause while they work . therese do you ever take a trip ? with Carol , I mean ? ABBY two or three . therese can not quite cover she slight frown . ABBY clock this . ABBY ( cont 'd ) we have a furniture shop for a couple year , outside Elizabeth . so we be always on the prowl for antique or second -hand stuff . she grab a pack of cigarettes from the counter , light one . therese watch she . ABBY offer she a cigarette and a light . ABBY ( cont 'd ) you old enough to smoke ? a beat , before ABBY break a smile , and therese decide to smile along . therese okay ... a beat , then : ABBY you know she 's get a lot of worry right now ... you know that , do not you ? therese I know . ABBY and she 's lonely . 70 therese be that why she want I to go with she ? ABBY no ... ABBY look out a kitchen window , smoke . ABBY ( cont 'd ) just - do not want to see she get hurt . that 's it . therese I would never hurt Carol . you think I would ? ABBY no. ( she look frankly at therese ) I do not . therese start put the food and drink into a large picnic basket . therese what happen to the furniture store ? ABBY sigh . she suddenly look a little sad to therese . ABBY it be ... ( resume she chore ) : some thing do not work out , no matter how much you want they to . ext . carol 's house . later . day . therese and carol finish load up the trunk and wiping the last of the snow from the windshield . carol slam the trunk lid shut , stride to the driver 's side , open the door , get in . therese hurriedly remove the last of the snow from the back windshield as carol start up the car , revving the engine . the hot exhaust create a swirl of steam as a soft spell of music rise . therese trot up to the passenger side door , take a last look around before jump into the car . int carol 's car / ext road to pennsylvania . later . day . music continue over shot inside the car : therese pour coffee for carol from the thermos - piping hot and pre- cream . therese lighting two cigarettes and hand one to carol , as they drive through the black and white of the snowy thruway towards Philadelphia . 71 int . PHILLY diner . later . carol and therese eat tomato soup and cracker , virtually alone in the dreary city diner . a few dismal strand of tinsel and garland , strewn about for holiday effect , surround a green and red cardboard banner which read : mer y ch tmas . therese put aside she meal , gaze out of the window at the largely desert city street . therese I could get use to have a whole city to myself . therese turn to carol , who smile in approval at therese 's plan . therese can not wait any longer , reach under she seat and produce she nicely wrap gift for carol . therese ( cont ’d ) for you . merry Christmas . carol no - you should not have . but carol be pleased , and therese be pleased that she 's pleased . therese open it . she watch carol unwrap the package . it 's the billie holiday record with '' easy live '' on it . therese ( cont ’d ) I play it for you . at you house . carol I remember . ( beat ; she look up at therese ) thank you . therese pick up she camera , focus on carol , and snap a picture . carol bring she hand up to she face . carol ( cont 'd ) oh God , I look a fright - do not - therese you do not , you look ... ( she lean over and take they back down ) wonderful ... just - stay like that . therese realize she 's hold carol be hand in she own . she quickly look around the diner , feel slightly embarrassed , but no one else be look . carol clock this , squeezing therese 's hand and gently extricate herself . 72 carol do you miss Richard ? therese ( she think about it ) no . I have not think about he all day . or of home . carol Home . therese regret use the word , watch carol 's mood darken , slightly . int / ext . PHILLY diner . inner philadelphia . later . therese return from the lady room at the rear of the diner , walk past a woman in her thirtie gather she three young child . at first therese do not see carol , then spot she through the window , at a pay telephone . she see she insert she change and quickly dial a number . hear the ring : once. twice . Three time . carol glance toward the diner window . through the glass one of the woman 's child be make face through the precipitation . just beyond be therese , pay the bill at the counter . carol replace the receiver in its cradle before the call can be answer . therese turn to exit the diner and spot carol smoking a cigarette . int / ext . carol 's car . night . carol drive . therese be sleep , huddle up against the passenger side window . a blanket partly cover she . radio v.o. .»+- and that conclude we holiday greeting from President -elect and Mrs. eisenhower . this be wor - Pittsburgh wishing you and yours - carol take one hand off the steering wheel and pull up the blanket so therese be cover . ext . two - lane highway outside of pittsburgh . night carol be car glide along the empty road , behind it , the eerie glow of the Pittsburgh industrial skyline , ahead of it : pitch darkness . 73 ext . ABBY 's house . night . we see harge rush out of the rear door of he car , he chauffeur idling , and rush up the walk of a dark , brickfront bungalow . int . abby' house . ferocious bang on the front door as ABBY rush down stair , tie up a robe as she go . she open the door . it 's harge , in a state , breathe hard . harge I have to speak to she . ABBY what be you do ? - you be suppose to be in Florida . harge ( after a beat ) I could not do it . I have to - rindy - she want to see she mother on Christmas . not that it 's any of you business . just go get she . I know she 's here . ABBY you have get some fuck nerve order I around . and , no . she 's not here . harge that 's impossible . she 's not home . she 's not with I . she must be with you . ABBY ( after a moment ) yeah , you know , harge , you have a point . you have spend ten year make damned sure she only point of reference be you , she only focus in life be you , you job , you friend , you family , you - harge where be she . ( beat ; he compose himself ) she 's still my wife , Abby . I be responsible for she . ABBY well , you know , that 's some way of show it , harge - slapping she with a injunction . I be close the door . 74 ABBY start to close it but harge intercept . harge I love she . ABBY I can not help you with that . ABBY quietly shut the door . but each remain unmove a moment , in the dark . ext . motel . outside pittsburgh . day therese be step out of she room with she suitcase , dress for the day . she walk over to the next room and quietly knock on the door . therese Carol ? when there 's no answer , she try the door . it 's open . int . motel room . outside pittsburgh . day therese peek she head into the room , to the sound of run water from the bathroom . she see carol 's overnight case be open on she bed , she thing spread about the room . carol ( 0.s. ) therese , be that you ? therese yes ! carol ( 0.s. ) would you be a sweetie and fetch my red knit sweater ? it 's in the small suitcase . Upper leave hand side . therese okay . therese find the case , open it . she take a moment to look at carol 's clothes in the case before she actually touch they , feel the fabric , the silk and cashmere , take in they powdery smell . something at the bottom of the case catch she eye . a glint of metal beneath some stocking . she remove the stocking , revealing a small , pearl - handle pistol . she reach out , tentatively , to touch it , just as carol call out from the bathroom . o/s carol hey , slowpoke ... 75 therese quickly withdraw she hand and hurriedly replace carol be clothing . she grab the red sweater . therese found it . therese take the sweater to the bathroom door and knock lightly . the door open , revealing carol stand there with a towel wrap around she . steam filter out of the bathroom . therese hesitates a moment , then hand she the sweater . carol everything all right ? therese yeah - I be just - suddenly starve . carol ( close the door ) : I will not be a minute . int . carol 's car . on the road . day . carol drive , look out on the increasingly freeze landscape . therese be grab a sandwich from a basket on the back seat . carol 's pack suitcase rest beside it . therese settles back into she seat . therese do you feel safe ? with I , I mean ? carol ( laugh ) you be full of surprise . therese continue think , eat she sandwich . therese but - do you ? carol glance at she . therese hold she gaze . carol turn she attention back to the road . carol it 's the wrong question . therese but you have tell I . if something scared you . and I could help . carol shake she head , smile . carol I be not frighten , therese . 76 therese consider this , then glance back at carol , who peer out at the open road , the cool winter sun skate across she face . ext . mckinley motel . canton , ohio . dusk . carol be car pull into the drive of a small motel with a elaborate and large paint likeness of William mckinley on wood billboard . int . mckinley motel . canton , ohio . dusk . the front desk of the blonde- wood hotel office . a very prim HOTEL manager assist carol , check in . HOTEL manager we standard room come equip with stereophonic console radio , or if you prefer , the presidential suite be available . at a very attractive rate . carol ( think a moment , then ) two standard room should be fine . therese why not take the presidential suite ? carol and therese exchange a look . therese ( cont ’d ) if the rate 's attractive ... ext . mckinley motel . canton , ohio . night . therese at the ice dispenser . she 's bundle up in scarf , glove , overcoat - but wear bunny slipper . she struggle to fill a ice bucket , shiver . young man can I - hold that for you ? therese look up . a tall , affable look young man with spectacle appear beside she , hold up the lid of the dispenser while she fill she bucket . therese thank you . it 's cold . young man so cold my glass ' have fogge clear over . 77 therese thanks again . g’night . young man night . he tip he hat to she and therese head back to she room . int . mckinley motel room . night . true to its name , frame photograph of William mckinley and he wife hang over the twin bed . also adorn the suite , a dress table with a fan-shape mirror , bedside cabinet , gold - speck table lamp , stripe wall paper . a record play on therese 's portable turntable , ( '' easy live ( 1933 version ) '' by billie holiday ) . therese sit beside carol at the dress table as carol carefully apply mascara to therese 's lash . carol do not blink . ( beat ) now look at you . carol turn therese around to the mirror . therese I need lipstick . carol choose a lipstick , give it to therese and watch as therese apply it . carol hand therese a tissue . therese blot , hand carol the tissue . therese ( cont ’d ) next ? carol pick up a perfume bottle , hand it to therese . carol would mademoiselle be so kind as to apply at the pulse point only ? therese apply perfume to the inside of she wrist , the crook of she arm , and she neck . she turn to carol . carol hold out she wrist to therese . carol ( cont 'd ) I , too . therese apply perfume to the same spot on carol . carol close she eye , arch she neck back slightly . carol ( cont 'd ) that 's divine . smell that . a beat , and therese lean forward to smell carol 's perfume . 78 int . mckinley motel room . late night . from she neighbor twin bed , therese watch carol sleep . very gently , she slip out of she bed and sit down silently on the edge of carol be bed , and watch she breath . she quietly lift a finger and lightly run it along carol 's cheek . carol turn over in she sleep . therese wait to be sure carol will not wake , then return to she own bed . int . mckinley motel office . morning . therese be seat in the improvise breakfast room , make up of a few mismatch table and chair , and a paltry spread of coffee , juice and roll . she spot the young man from the ice dispenser pour himself a cup of coffee , carry a large black case . he spot therese and smile broadly . young man good morning . glad to see you do not freeze over or nothing . therese you too . before she can even respond he 's set down he cup and pull up a chair . therese spot carol arrive with a road - map , make a beeline to the coffee . therese ( cont 'd ) not the best coffee I be afraid . young man Long as it 's hot . therese what 's in the case ? young man oh. notion . I be a - I sell they . or try to . carol arrive opposite therese and plop down . carol lousy coffee . young man ( surprised by she arrival ) sorry - ( he attempt to stand ) carol Excuse I ? therese we be just chat . 79 young man name 's tucker ... Tommy . therese ( extend she hand ) therese belivet . Carol aird . tommy tucker ( shaking hand ) please to meet you . therese Mr. tucker sell notion . therese make a gesture to he case , which carol regards . carol I see . tommy tucker ( brief silence ) do not really know what notion be , exactly . but they do instruct we to use the word . say it appeal to woman . so ... ( beat ) I do sell a shoe-horn yesterday to a feller in wheeling . therese ( try to help he out ) do you sell lipstick ? tommy tucker no . but I have a sewing kit . ( beat ) you do not need a sewing kit . I can tell . carol smile politely , but return she attention to the map . carol ( to therese ) we should make Chicago by five or six , if we get a early start . tommy tucker that 's where I be head . there 's a short cut across the interstate , knock two hour off the drive . carol two hour , that 's ... that would be great - — therese can we stop to buy some magazine ? 80 tommy tucker ( reach for he case ) I get field and stream ... National geographic ? therese popular photography ? tommy tucker ( a beat as he smile ) nope . course not . I be doom to remain without a sale . therese throw a little smile to carol , as tommy shake he head . music pick up , carry over the follow scene . ext . OPEN road . later . day the wide open road stretch out before we as carol be car come glide by . int . carol 's car . later . day Inside , therese enjoy the sweet boredom of nothing but time in carol be company . she scan the radio dial . ( ext . roadside . later . day carol and therese , bundle in coat and scarve , sit on the low branch of a tree , just off the road , share sandwich and thermos coffee . ] ext . drake HOTEL . chicago . night the shimmer entrance to Chicago 's drake Hotel be a swarm of taxi , guest and bell -hop . carol and therese , bleary from the road , come to a stop and begin quickly gather they thing from the car . int . drake HOTEL room . later . a bellboy carry carol and therese 's bag into a opulent room . we hear carol tip and thank he as we follow therese into she first encounter with hotel luxury . carol collapse onto one of the bed . carol finally . a real bed . Heaven . therese inspect the room like a detective . she bend to run she hand through the carpet . 81 therese this carpet - it feel like woven silk ! like we should not be step on it . and the furniture ! she turn to look at carol ... fast asleep on the bed . int . drake HOTEL . restaurant . later . Carol speak to the hostess as therese observe the busy hotel restaurant , with waiter move briskly and efficiently through the room . carol table for two , please , for dinner . hostess be you stay here at the hotel ? carol yes , it 's room ... ( she search for she key ) therese 623 . Mrs. aird . hostess that will be just a moment , Mrs. aird . carol thank you . therese eye the gift and souvenir at the counter : fancy box of candy , souvenir key ring , pen . she lift a can of specialty Virginia ham . therese do you think something like this would appeal to a older woman ? carol I suppose . depend on the woman . therese I work with a woman at frankenberg 's - Ruby . but she depressed I . carol why ? therese she 's old . alone . no money . it 's - silly , I know . 82 carol I think it 's a lovely gesture . send it . here . carol pick up the order form and pencil and hand it to therese . hostess Mrs. aird , you table be ready . carol thank you . therese take the form and pencil with she as they be lead to they table . int . central post office . phone booth . chicago . day . carol in a phone booth place a call . she can see therese from the booth , who stand in line to collect general delivery mail . int . central post office . chicago . day . continuous . therese on line to pick up she mail . she look around for carol , spot she dial in the phone booth ... int . harge 's office . new york . day . his private phone ring . he pick up . harge hargess aird . hello . nothing from the other end . harge ( cont 'd ) all right , Carol . enough be enough . now where be you , goddamnit ?... hello ? int . central post office phone booth . chicago . day . carol , suddenly unable to respond , lean she head against the phone box a moment , then quietly hang up the phone . int . central post office . chicago . day . carol join therese at the post desk . therese have pick up a few letter . 83 carol ( refer to the letter ) someone 's popular . therese all from Richard . ( she put the letter in she bag ) be not you go to check you mail ? carol nobody know I be here . therese be you ... make a call ? carol what ? no - lady room . Carol throw she scarf over she head and start out . therese watch she a moment as she go , then follow . ext . lake shore drive . chicago . new year 's eve . day . carol and therese stand at the side of the freeze road , consider a flat tire . carol start rummage through she purse when she look up and hear a car come . carol here 's one . therese try to flag down the approach motorist for help . a dark - color ' 42 Chrysler sedan slow to a stop and pull over ahead of they . the driver back up , revealing it to be tommy tucker , the notion salesman . therese well - what in the world . ( to Carol ) : look who just ... tommy tucker what do you know ? I think that might be the two of you . tommy hop out of he car and approach the woman . he inspect the tire . tommy tucker ( cont 'd ) yep , that 's a flat alright . just hope you do not dent that rim . carol I feel something pull , and then a grind - 84 tommy tucker right . well . can I jack she up for you ? therese we - do not think there be one . tommy tucker no jack ? therese ( glance at carol ) we think it might have be leave at home . carol Long story . therese bigger problem be , we think it might be flat . the spare . tommy tucker gotcha . well ... I get a jack . I can jack she up for you . we just use my spare . therese but what about you ? tommy tucker I I be head home from here - I get plenty of spare back home . ( inspect the flat ) do not think there 's rim damage . should not take too long I do not expect . therese there 's just ... one other thing ... tommy tucker what 's that , mar ’am ? int / ext . tommy 's car . lake shore drive . later . day . in the front seat , therese offer carol some coffee from a thermos . Radio softly play . up ahead , tommy lean over the hood , he hand black from a lengthy operation . carol I be ravenous . silence . 85 therese so be I . carol ( watch he work ) we be lucky we find he . therese I will say . therese ( cont ’d ) be you sorry we come ? carol on the trip ? no . be you ? therese no . they look up to the sound of carol 's car start up again . tommy climb out of the driver seat and approach , dusting himself off . carol and therese get out to meet he . carol wonderful ! tommy tucker well ... it will get you to you next stop , but you best get it check at a garage . New hose . they 'il tell ya the same . therese thank you so much . carol Tommy , what do we owe you . tommy tucker oh , please - nothing at all , mar ’am . carol well for the tire at least . tommy tucker no need . like I say , I have get a collection . occupational hazard . carol well . thank you . again . for everything . 86 tommy tucker you be surely welcome , mar ’am . carol start off to the car , leave a uncertain beat between tommy and therese . tommy tucker ( cont ’d ) and happy New Year . therese yes , that 's right . happy New Year to you . tommy tucker yep , well , I be count on a big night for sale . stock up on hat and sparkler . I be hopeful . therese smile as he back -step , tip he hat and get into he car . she glance at carol , climb into the car - and feel a sudden surge of long . ext . waterloo , iowa . early evening . on the road lead into waterloo , carol 's car speed by a billboard sign with a cartoon of napoleon be strangle by Nelson . in fancy script below the cartoon be write : waterloo beckon . pop . 12,070 . the sky be a deep red . int . cabin . josephine motor lodge . night . twin bed , quilt headboard , the usual . Radio tune into guy lombardo 's New Year 's Eve broadcast from the waldorf astoria . it 's almost midnight . a couple of chip plastic trays carry the remnant of some ham and cheese sandwich be set on one of the bed . carol sit sip beer from a Champagne flute , she hair wrap in a towel . each dress in robe , carol watch therese brush out she hair at a dress table . the countdown to the New Year begin on the radio . five. four. Three . two. one : happy new year ! and the familiar lombardo signature '' auld lang syne '' begin , but neither woman take notice . instead carol get up from the bed , take the brush from therese and begin to brush therese 's hair , slowly , carefully . when she 's do , she put the brush down and turn therese around to face she . carol happy New Year . therese happy New Year . they face each other in silence , listen to the faraway radio broadcast - a moment when anything could happen . 87 therese , for the first time , reach out ever so slightly to brush she finger against carol 's. carol look down at they fingertip touch . carol harge and I never spend New Year 's Eve together . there 's always a business function , always client to entertain . therese I have always spend it alone . in crowd . ( beat ) I be not alone this year . therese squeeze carol be hand ever so slightly . the guy lombardo band strike up a bright New Year 's tune . carol unty she robe and let it fall open , revealing she nakedness to therese . it 's so still , it 's as if all breath in the room be suspend . therese stand up to join she , and carol take she face gently in both she hand . she kiss therese 's lip . it 's a wondrous kiss for they both , slow and unhurry . afterwards , carol remove she hand from therese 's face and ease off the towel from she head . carol I be sorry . therese for what ? carol for everything that might happen . later . therese ( after a moment ) take I to bed . carol move towards therese , take she in she arm , lead she to the bed . carol lie down . therese do . carol let she own robe drop to the floor then open therese 's robe on the bed , take in she youthful beauty . carol ( cont 'd ) I never look like that . she climb onto the bed and straddle therese . she stroke she face , she hair . therese close she eye , but begin to tremble involuntarily . 88 carol ( cont 'd ) you be tremble . carol lean down to kiss she lightly on the forehead , then reach across the bed to shut off the light . therese stop she . therese do not . I want to see you . carol nod , then slide down therese 's body and stop just below therese 's navel . she kiss she belly , move down therese 's body with she mouth . therese look up at the ceiling , try to quell she body 's shudder of nerve . she close she eye . carol slide up therese 's body and play with one of therese 's nipple with the tip of she tongue . therese moan softly . she pull carol up to she mouth and they kiss eagerly , passionately . therese open she eye and regards carol 's face , so close to hers , and smile . carol ( a whisper ) my angel . flung out of space . they begin to make love for the very first time . fade to black int . cabin . josephine motor lodge . day Morning light filter through the draw curtain as therese , still in bed , watch carol pack up for the day ahead . but suddenly , this day , everything in the world be different . therese what town be we in ? carol this ? waterloo . be not that awful ? int . office . josephine motor lodge . later . the desert office be strewn with empty beer bottle and cheap New Year 's decoration . carol look around for a clerk , ring the desk bell . a ancient woman shuffles on out of the back room . she wear a party hat . ancient woman you the folk in thirteen ? carol we be check out . ancient woman telegram come for you last night . 89 the ancient woman shuffles on out of the room and come back with a telegram . she give it to carol . carol open the telegram . read it . it 's not good news . carol when do this arrive ? ancient woman I be not a clock , lady . early . seven. nine . ext . josephine motor lodge . morning . carol storm out of the office , tear past the patchy remain of snow , where therese be load the car with they belonging . carol pull open the driver 's side door , search for something she do not see , and slam the door shut . she run up to the cabin they just vacate and tear open the door , almost immediately come out again , slamm shut the door . she 's furious . therese Carol ! what the hell - carol ( focus on therese ) where 's my suitcase ? therese Carol - wait a minute - what 's go on ? carol ( she snap ) I want my fuck suitcase . carol storm over to the trunk , brush past therese on the way . she find she suitcase , fling it open and start rifling through it . she find the pistol . therese try to block she way . therese what be you do with that ? Carol - what happen ?! carol push past therese . ext./ int . cabin . josephine motor lodge . morning . carol kick at the door of the cabin next to they 's . carol open up in there ! you hear I ? right now ! 90 therese run up to the door to join carol . therese Carol , you be scare I , you can not - carol stand out of the way , therese . Carol reach for the door and find it unlock . she kick the door open and take aim . tommy tucker stand inside get dress , trousers half on , half off . he wear he hat . he grab he spectacle off a table and slip they onto the end of he nose . on the unmade bed before he be he big black case , open to reveal a elaborate reel - to- reel tape recorder and sophisticated microphone . therese stare at the equipment , uncomprehend . carol cock she pistol and assume the shoot stance , aim directly at tommy 's head . carol ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) ( to tommy ) where 's the tape , you sonofabitch . she enter the room , start pull apart the case , the equipment , all the while keep the pistol aim at tommy . tommy continue to dress himself , rather calmly . carol ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) how much be harge pay you for this ? i’1l give you double , triple . anything you want . tommy tucker I wish I could oblige you , mar ‘am . but the tape be already on its way to you husband . carol that can not be right . tommy tucker ( shrug ) my reputation rest on my efficiency , Mrs. aird . a tense pause . carol move towards tommy . he remain quite calm , still . but he keep he eye on she all the while . carol advance closer , aim the pistol at he head . carol how do I know you be not lie ? tommy tucker ( a beat ) you do not , mar ’am . 91 carol tense up , put she index finger on the trigger . all at once she whirl around to the recording equipment , point the gun to it , and pull the trigger - but the gun just click . she try again , but the trigger jam . in utter frustration she hurl the gun at the recording equipment . therese , who 's be hover by the door , move towards carol . therese Carol ... carol , exhaust and distraught , give therese the telegram and move outside of the cabin . she slump against the railing . therese exchange a look with tommy , who 's still cool as a cucumber . therese retrieve the gun , join carol outside . carol light a cigarette , look out towards the highway . therese read the telegram , then look up through the door to tommy , still stand half dress in he cabin . therese ( cont ’d ) ( to tommy ) how could you . tommy tucker I be a professional , miss belivet . it 's nothing personal . a silence . carol smoke , therese shake she head at tommy , disgust , not want to believe this be happen . tommy tip he hat to therese . carol let 's get out of here . ext . alley . waterloo . later . therese , carry pistol and telegram , find some trash bin in a alley . she lift the lid on one and toss the pistol into it , but it lodge on top . she bury it with one hand , and do she best to clean it off with the telegram . she toss back the lid and hurry back to the street , round the corner . there she find carol at a pay phone . she step back instinctively , but overhear the end of carol 's call to ABBY . carol +. earliest flight into LaGuardia be tomorrow afternoon ... oh Abby , I do not know how to fix this - I have not the strength ... therese wish she could hold carol in she arm at this moment . but she know she can not . 92 int . carol 's car . early evening . carol drive in silence as they approach Chicago . therese smoke a cigarette . you could cut the tension with a knife . carol you should not smoke . you will get a cough . ( silence ) what be you think ?... you know how many time a day I ask you that ? therese I be sorry . what be I think ? I be think that I be utterly selfish . and I - carol do not do this . you have no idea . how could you have know ? therese I - I should have say no to you . but I never say no . and it 's selfish because I take - everything . because I do not know - anything . I do not - know what I want . how could I if I just say yes to everything ? therese begin to cry , softly . carol pull over to the side of the road , against a freeze bank of snow . she turn therese towards she . she dry she tear . carol and therese regard each other , calmly , steadily . carol I take what you give willingly . a pause . carol run a finger along therese 's cheek . she turn back to the wheel . restart the car . carol ( cont 'd ) it 's not you fault , therese - alright ? more silence . carol , at a loss to make the situation better , accelerate quickly onto the highway . int . drake HOTEL . chicago . night . carol be finish a call with ABBY , sit on one of the twin bed , smoking . therese emerge from the bathroom , switch off the light . she stand for a moment in the dark before she climb into the other bed . 93 carol thank you , pet ... oh , you know . shatter . sicken ... I hope so ... no ... talk tomorrow ... and thank you ... I will . night . she hang up the phone and look down a moment . then she turn to therese with a sad tenderness . carol ( cont 'd ) you do not have to sleep over there . silence . therese get up , join carol in the other bed . carol wrap she arm and leg around therese , kissing she gently on the eye , the lip . therese look at she deeply and then kiss she back , a long , linger , search kiss . int . drake HOTEL . chicago . morning . a ribbon of daylight over therese 's face . eye still shut , she reach out for carol , but carol 's not there . no sound come from the bathroom . she lift she head and check the clock : 8 am . therese sit up in the bed . there , seat in a armchair in the semi-darkness , be ABBY . she smoke a cigarette . and all at once therese understand what carol be absence mean . silence . therese she 's go ? ABBY early this morning . therese be she come back ? ABBY no. pierce silence . therese this be all my fault . ABBY nonsense . ABBY put out she cigarette , get up and pull open the curtain . cold , bright sunlight stream into the room . ABBY ( cont 'd ) we should get go . 94 int . roadside diner outside of chicago . day . therese stare out the window ; she have not touch she meal . ABBY eat something . ( no response ) suit yourself . ABBY slide therese 's plate to she side of the table and start finish it . therese turn to she . therese why do not you like I ? I have never do anything to you . a pause . ABBY start to say something , think better of it . she lean in towards therese . ABBY you really think I have fly halfway across the country to drive you back East because I hate you and want to see you suffer ? therese it 's for Carol . not for I . ABBY ( after a beat ) that 's - if you really believe that then you be not as smart as I think you be . therese take this in , then look up at Abby . silence . therese with you and Carol ... what happen ? ABBY it 's completely different - I have know Carol since I be 10 year old ... ( after a long beat ) it be ... back when we have the furniture store . late one night . my Ford break down near my mother 's house and ... we try to stay up , but ... curl up together in my old twin bed . and that be it ... fora while . and then it change . it change . nobody 's fault . ( beat ) so ... she open she purse and search inside . she produce a envelope . 95 ABBY ( cont 'd ) here - she ... therese what ? ABBY hand she a letter . ext . roadside diner . moment later . in a wide lonely frame we see therese have step outside the diner to tear open the letter . as she read , we hear carol be voice : carol ( v.0 . ) dearest . there be no accident and he would have find we one way or another . everything come full circle . be grateful it be sooner rather than later . you 'il think it harsh of I to say so , but no explanation I offer will satisfy you . we see ABBY leave the diner as therese continue read . she climb in the car and start the engine . a soft undertone of music have emerge . int . another motel . night . ABBY in the bathroom , wash out some clothes . through a crack in the door , she spot therese , seat on the bed , drain by tear , expressionless . carol ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) please do not be angry when I tell you that you seek resolution and explanation because you be young . but you will understand this one day . int . / ext . country road . day . ABBY pull the car off the road near a small grove of tree and fade clump of snow . therese jump out , make for the tree and try to hide herself before she throw up . ABBY light a cigarette and remain in the car , watch therese from a distance . carol ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and when it happen , I want you to imagine I there to greet you like the morning sky , we life stretch out ahead of we , a perpetual sunrise . 96 int . carol 's car . night . ABBY , at the wheel , glance in the rear-view - mirror at therese , stretch out asleep on the back seat of the car . distant pass light comb over she repose . carol ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) but until then , there must be no contact between we . I have much to do , and you , my darling , even more . please believe that I would do anything to see you happy and so I do the only thing I can - I release you . int . therese 's apartment . new york . day . therese , in she overcoat , suitcase beside she , stand in the middle of she apartment . it 's full of she thing , but it look like a foreign land . all the photograph on the wall seem as if they be take by someone else . int . therese 's apartment . that same night . therese hunch over she sink , bath in red light . she take a quick deep drag of a cigarette , burn in a ashtray . row of negative hang from hook underneath the kitchen cupboard , over the trays of chemical . she find a certain shot on the enlarger , mark it , and focus . she begin the process of develop the print . finally , she watch the photo in its bath slowly appear - a shadow here and there , a shape form - and it 's carol , asleep on she back , she body akimbo in a tumble of sheet , one hand rest delicately . int . therese 's apartment build . hallway . late night . therese be creep down the half - light stairway . she pick up the phone without make a sound and stare at the dial . she hang up . then in one continuous gesture she pick it up again and dial the number . she stand freeze . one long ring . silence . another long ring . then someone pick up the line . but there 's silence on the other end . nothing . therese be freeze . therese hello ? ( beat ) Carol ? the silence that follow be like a answer . therese hold the receiver close : a precious thing . 97 int . carol 's house . kitchen . night . carol in the dark , on the other end , still . she make a movement as if to say something , but do not . we see she finger softly graze the receiver button before press it down . int . therese 's apartment build . hallway phone . night . extremely close on therese hearing carol disconnect , but hold on in the void . therese ( prayerful ) I miss you . I miss you . int . hargeas parent house . new jersey . day . harge , carol , jennifer and JOHN be seat together for a weekday lunch , with everything distinctly in its place . eisenhower 's inauguration proceedings can be hear and glimpse on the live room television set . jennifer more mashed potato , Carol ? carol yes - thanks . they be delicious . carol reach over to take the bowl of mashed potato , but harge get to it first , spoon some out for carol . the atmosphere be polite , but far from relaxed . carol ( cont 'd ) thank you . ( beat ) I think ... perhaps ... Chester and marge would be here by now . with rindy ... jennifer marge say to go ahead , not to wait . harge ( to carol ) I be sure they 'il be here soon . carol appreciate harge 's small kindness . JOHN harge tell we you have be get along quite well with you doctor , Carol . 98 jennifer and why should not she be get on well . he 's a very expensive doctor . carol he 's actually not a doctor but a psychotherapist . jennifer well he come very well regard . JOHN ( to harge ) a Yale man , like you uncle . carol ( ever so slightly edgy ) but that do not make he a doctor . harge throw she a little look . carol ( cont 'd ) I do like he . very much . he 's be a great help . jennifer and JOHN continue eat in silence . int . hargeas parent house . later . carol sit alone near the live room window , catch in a stare . she 's jolted out of it by the sound of jennifer , approach with a cup of tea . carol turn . carol thank you Jennifer , but I be fine , really - jennifer it all calm you nerve . jennifer set it down on a small end table , and place a hand on carol 's shoulder . just then we hear the sound of a car come up the drive . carol they be here . carol rise , give she hair a quick pat and start off toward the door . jennifer just a moment , dear . carol stop , turn . jennifer walk over to where carol stand she and adjust she collar . 99 carol manage to maintain composure , then turn from jennifer and continue on to the door . ext . hargeas parent house . late afternoon / early evening . continuous . carol run to greet rindy , who walk hand - in-hand with a middle aged couple , rindy 's aunt and uncle . when she see she mother , rindy let go of they hand and run towards carol . they meet . carol kneel down and sweep rindy into she arm . she hug she tightly , hold on for dear life . carol oh baby ... my baby girl ... int . therese 's apartment . afternoon . dannie be over , help therese repaint she apartment . therese be on a ladder , painting some molding near the ceiling and dannie be below . as the radio play ( " lullaby of birdland '' by Georges shear ) , dannie spot therese wiping sweat from she brow . they have clearly be at it a while . dannie I think it 's break time . let I fetch some brews . therese sound good . dannie go to the kitchen to grab some beer and a opener . therese have be develop more photo - almost all of they picture of carol from they trip . dannie can not help but take a look . he hear something behind he and turn . it 's therese . dannie this be seriously good . I mean , they really capture - whoever this be . therese they be just practice . therese cross the room and begin pick up the picture , tidy the area . dannie you really should put together a portfolio . say the word , I 'il introduce you to my pal at the Times . there 's always a clerk job go . 100 therese shake she head , take the picture into the other room and 's pull open a drawer to stash they in . dannie ( cont ’d ) you go away with she , right ? therese yes . dannie so what happen ? therese ohh. nothing . it 's - hard to ... dannie ( after a beat ) be it because I try to kiss you that day ? because if it be , do not even think about that , I mean , do not be afraid of - therese I be not afraid . therese be stop a moment by she own word , remind she of another time and place . she look back at he . therese ( cont ’d ) let 's finish while we still have light , okay ? dannie shrug and they get back to work . dannie I still think you should put together that portfolio . int . therese 's apartment . late night . therese sit on she kitchen floor sorting photograph , a cigarette burn in a ashtray beside she . she 's busy place they into neat pile . we see she older work - landsccape , still life 's , architectural detail - and all she new work - photo of kide playing in the STREET , old women dragging shopping cart , CITY face - virtually all of they depict people . at the bottom of one pile she discover the picture of carol buying the XMAS tree . she consider it a moment before pull it out of the stack . ext . central park . a few day later . afternoon . it 's a gray , rainy day at the park . walker with umbrella . richard have bring therese a box of she belonging . 101 richard everything 's there . ( beat ) my mother wash and irone you blouse . therese thank she for I ? richard you can thank she yourself . therese Richard ... richard what do you expect I to say ? I mean ... you never even wrote- therese look away . therese I try , I just ... I could not find the word . she try to touch he shoulder , he move away from she . richard please do not touch I . ( he shake he head ) . after what we have - after what you do ... throw it all away . therese what do we have ? richard thanks , that 's ... therese no - tell I ! richard you tell I , Terry . do you - do you love I even a little ? they hold a look , but therese can not hurt he like this . she turn away . therese please , please do not hate I . I be still ... I . still the same person I always be . 102 richard no . you be not , alright ? you be someone else now . and I can not . I can not forgive you . ( beat ) so long , Terry . a beat , before richard leave . therese do not move . int . carol 's house . dusk . carol sit in the lantern seat off she stairway , look out at the night . from down below she hear the radio report blaring on , announce the death of stalin . the radio be lower and carol look down . she see Abby start up the stair with two cup of coffee . carol start down to meet she . ABBY stay . stay . carol do not be silly . she take she cup from ABBY and start back up to she seat . carol return to where she be sit and ABBY sit on the stair below she . ABBY can read carol 's despondency from a mile away . carol ( cont 'd ) I do not know if I can do it , Abby . what more can I do ? how many more - tomato aspic lunch ... just to come home every night without she . to this ! ABBY and ... therese ? carol what about she ? ABBY have you - hear anything ? carol oh no . no . it 's be over a month since she try to call . nothing since then . I wish I ... ( but she stop , then ) : have you ? Heard anything ? 103 ABBY from therese ? no. ( beat ) she must have start she job at the Times , though . that 's something . carol I should have say : therese . wait . ABBY reach out , put a hand on carol 's foot . all at once a pair of headlight swing by , lighting up the window , and they be jolted . carol turn and ABBY stand , startle . a look between they : be someone here ? be this trouble ? and then the headlight disappear . carol ( cont 'd ) who the hell be turn around in my drive ? ABBY I should go . carol you do not have to - ABBY - I do . ABBY squeeze carol 's hand - courage . and they start down the stair together . ext . hudson river pier . new york . night . dannie and therese sit together on the pier , look across the river to New Jersey . dannie I be glad you call ... I never see you no more ! now that you have get the fancy job with the smooth hour . you punch out , I punch in . therese it do not feel fancy , haul gallon jug of developer all day . but I kind of love it , you know ? dannie sure. ( beat ) hey - guess what happen to I ? no ? can not think of it ? therese smile , shake she head . 104 dannie ( cont ’d ) I meet a girl . Louise . she 's get green eye , she 's a movie encyclopedia , and the most amazing thing ? she think I be boss . therese ( she 's pleased for dannie ) go figure . dannie ( he 's pleased she 's please ) yeah . ( beat ) if you want , we can all hang out some night . go to a movie . therese that sound swell . I have love to meet she . ( pause ) do , uh - have you see Richard ? dannie I see he . ( beat ) think he want to talk , maybe . but I , uh ... I do not know . I feel bad for he . but I do not wanna get - he stop , glance up at therese , then look away . therese 's thought seem to harden and a brief darkness fall over she . therese use what feel right . throw away the rest . dannie ( laugh ) where have that come from ? therese something Carol once say to I . dannie ( a beat , then : ) do she ... do that ? to you ? therese struggle for this ... therese I can not - go . back . to that place . where you keep it all lock up ... the sadness , shame ... you let people down . you let yourself - down . so you cry and you ... hide and think - thing , constantly , crazy thing , like ... ( more ) 105 therese ( cont 'd ) if you stare at the phone long enough or - take a train and just ... lurk ... it could all ... return. ( silence ) and then one day the phone be just a phone . a train go to Jersey be just a train to Jersey . you stop - cry and hide . and you know you be able to use thing and throw they away . the river look like a swath of black cellophane . CUT back to int . phil 's apartment . night . ( april 1953 ) therese sit on the edge of the bathtub next to the open window , take in the air . she can hear the party in progress , people have a great time , but she 's not ready to rejoin they . a couple of rapid knock on the door . therese sorry . just a second . therese gather herself , get up , open the door . it 's genevieve . she wear she coat and scarf . therese ( cont ’d ) oh . you be leave . genevieve just about . will you miss I ? therese do not look away from genevieve this time . genevieve move closer to therese , whisper in she ear . genevieve ( cont 'd ) listen , therese . there 's a intime gather , quite exclusive you understand , later on . at my place . ( beat ) Quick . show I you hand . therese you a fortune teller ? genevieve I be a fortune giver . genevieve take therese 's hand , write she address in ink onto therese 's palm . genevieve ( cont ’d ) so you do not forget . 106 and genevieve be off . therese watch she wind she way to the door . return to : flashback : earlier the same day , mid -april 1953 ext . 41st STREET & broadway . morning . through pass car and car window we suddenly see therese , dress for work in a smart dark suit , hurry through the morning commuter crowd towards the New York Times building . her style of hair and dress have take on a sophistication and maturity we can not help but associate with carol . int . taxi . time square . morning . carol , in the cab on she way to fred hayme 's office , be look distantly out the window when she suddenly spot she . the light change and the taxi start to move - therese flicker from view . carol look back over she shoulder through reflection . int . elevator / jerry rix law office . day . carol , turn away , inside the elevator . the door open . she turn to look a moment before head out the door and down the hall . gather inside , harge , rix , fred hayme and a stenographer all turn and note she arrival . int . jerry rix law office . day . moment later everyone be gather around the conference table . jerry rix well - ( cough ) - we feel , give the seriousness of the charge and the incontestability of the evidence , my client have every reason to expect a compliant and favorable outcome . fred hayme not so fast , Jerry . my client 's psychotherapist be perfectly satisfied with she recovery from ... the event of the winter , assert she 's more than capable of caring for she child . she 's have no further contact with therese belivet . ( more ) a silence , 107 fred hayme ( cont 'd ) and we have swear deposition from two saddlebrook Institute psychiatrist clearly state that , in they opinion , a series of event , precipitate by my client 's husband , drive she to suffer a emotional break , which result in this - describe behavior . harge ( look to he lawyer for help ) that 's absurd ! - be they serious -? jerry rix alright , Fred - okay , if this be how you be go to play this - fred hayme furthermore , give the manner in which this tape be obtain and record , we be confident in they inadmissability - jerry rix okay , okay . first off , I have like to see this deposition . and second - carol ( interrupt he ) Fred - please . do not - May I speak ? as everybody in the room look to carol . carol ( cont 'd ) I will not deny the truth of what 's contain in that tape . fred hayme ( signal to the stenographer ) this be off the record , honey . carol might as well be on the record . a pause as jerry nod to the stenographer to continue and carol pour herself a glass of water . carol ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) I want - I do want - to talk about ... duty ... sacrifice . that be what I - ( beat ) ... but now that I be here I do not ... I do not know what I believe ... or what I even know ... except that ... ( more ) 108 carol ( cont 'd ) I know I want to see my daughter - to hear she voice ... always . to be there when she 's - she stop , hold back tear , which she refuse to allow . gather herself , she level she eye directly to harge , and make she case directly to he . carol ( cont 'd ) harge , I want you to be ... happy . I do not give you that - I fail you - we both could have ... give . more. ( beat ) but we give each other rindy , and that 's - the most - breathtaking , the most ... generous ... of gift . ( beat ) so why be we spend so much time ... come up with way to keep she from each other . ( beat ) what happen with therese ... I want . I will not deny it or - harge look down . carol ( cont 'd ) +. but I do regret , I - grieve ... the mess we be about to make ... of we child 's life . we , harge ... we be both ... responsible . let 's ... set it right . ( beat ) I want harge to have ... permanent custody - amidst the sudden chaos harge 's eye take hold of she and do not let up . fred hayme jerry rix let 's take a break , folk and Fred - no , I think you resume when I have have a moment client have make it perfectly to confer with my - clear give she statement - carol no , Fred . let I have my say . because - if you stop I ... I will not ... be able ... to cope ... carol stand , step away from the table , to regain she composure . silence return before she continue . carol ( cont ’d ) I be no martyr . I have no clue ... what 's best for I . but I do know ... I feel , I feel it in my bone ... what 's best for my daughter . she start to turn and walk again , address harge . 109 carol ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) I want visit with she , harge . I do not care if they be supervise . but they need to be regular . ( beat ) there be a time ... I would have lock myself away - do most anything ... just to keep rindy with I . but ... what use be I to she ... to we ... live against ... my own grain ? rindy deserve - joy . how do I give she that not know what it mean ... myself . she pour herself another glass of water . carol ( cont 'd ) that 's the deal . take it or leave it . I can not - I will not negotiate . if you ... leave it , we go to court and it get ugly . we be not ugly people , harge . feeling suddenly shaky she turn and start out of the room . harge stand , stare at she as she go , as fred leap to he foot and hurry after she , call she name . ext . coffee shop . seventh avenue . day . through reflection we see carol seat at a table , write a note . beside she a pot of coffee and cigarette burn in a ashtray . she sign it . seal it inside a envelope , and begin gather she thing . int . new york time . photo department . day . therese organize black and white print during a meeting of photo editor , gather around a large table . smoke in the air . through the glass a messenger be see speak to a clerk . the clerk spot therese inside the room and bring she the envelope . clerk belivet . therese , look up , and hurry over to the clerk by the door . he hand she the envelope . clerk ( cont 'd ) Hand deliver . swank . therese take the envelope and return to the table . glancing down , she recognize carol be handwrite . 110 int . new york time . photo department . later . therese type label at she cubicle . the open note sit beside she on she desk . she stop type and look over at the note . she pick it up and hold it for a moment before crumpling it up and toss it into a desk drawer . she return to type . int . ritz tower HOTEL . night . carol be enter the hotel from the street entrance , remove she scarf and adjust she hair . she make she way to the pay telephone and slip inside a empty booth . there we see she dial a number and make a quick call . she hang up , take out she compact and powder she nose . she step out of the booth and stop . int . ritz tower HOTEL . bar / lounge . night . there , across the room , be therese be show to a corner table , therese look more grow - up and put together , therese thanking the maitre d' , therese sit down ... carol take a breath , then make she way across the room . therese look up and see she . carol I be not sure you would come . it 's nice of you to see I . therese do not say that . carol settles in opposite therese , move she coat aside . carol do you hate I , therese ? therese no . how could I hate you ? carol I suppose you could . do not you ? for a while ? therese look down . she pour herself some tea . carol ( cont 'd ) Abby tell I you be thriving . you have no idea how pleased I be for you . ( beat ) you look very fine , you know . as if you have suddenly blossom . be that what come of get away from I ? 111 therese ( answer quickly ) no. she frown , regret answer so quickly , and look down . when she look up again , carol be stare at she , quite intently . therese ( cont ’d ) what ? carol nothing . I be just think about that day . in the doll department . therese I always wonder ... why do you come over to I ? carol because you be the only girl not busy as hell . ( beat ) disappointed ? therese shake she head no . carol smile at the memory and light a cigarette . carol ( cont 'd ) harge and I be sell the house . I have take a apartment . on madison Avenue . and a job , believe it or not . I be go to work for a furniture house on fourth Avenue as a buyer . some of my ancestor must have be carpenter . therese give carol a little smile - a bit of thaw . therese have you see rindy ? carol ( after a beat ) once or twice . at the lawyer 's office . she sit on my lap and we ... ( hold therese 's gaze ) : she 's go to live with harge . for now . it 's ... the right thing . carol can not quite cover the pain of this , but she try . carol ( cont 'd ) anyway , the apartment 's a nice big one - big enough for two . I be hope you might like to come and live with I , but I guess you will not . ( beat ) would you ? 112 a hold breath . therese no . I do not think so . carol that 's ... you decision . therese yes . a silence . carol I be meeting some people from the furniture house at the oak room at nine . if you want to have dinner ... if you change you mind ... I think -- you would like they . ( beat ) well . that 's that . carol put out she cigarette , stare at she cigarette lighter on the table . carol ( cont 'd ) I love you . a silence . therese want to say something , but can not . o/s jack taft therese ? be that you ? and the moment be go . therese look up , turn towards the source of the greeting . it 's a smile jack taft , halfway across the room , near the bar . jack what do you know ! ( start over ) I be say to myself , I know that girl . therese watch jack make he way over to she . she give carol a quick look - carol , stare down at the table , not know what to do , vulnerable ... therese rise to greet jack . therese Jack . jack gee but it 's great to see you . it 's be , well , month . therese month . 113 carol light a cigarette . therese glance at she , and they hold a look for a moment before therese speak . therese ( cont ’d ) Jack , this be Carol aird . jack hold out he hand . carol shake it . jack please to meet you . carol likewise . carol retreat back to she own thought , smoke . jack hey , Ted Gray 's meeting I here and a bunch of we be head down to phil 's party . you be go be not you ? therese well - yes . I just plan to get there a little ... ( look to Carol ) carol you should go ahead . jack you come along ? carol no , no. ( to therese ) I should make a few call before dinner , anyway . I should really run . therese you sure ? carol of course . therese ( to jack ) well ... it would be great to catch a ride . carol take a step towards therese , but no more . carol you two have a wonderful night . Nice meeting you , Jack . jack Nice meeting you . 114 and she 's go . therese do not move , do not turn around to watch carol leave . jack ( cont 'd ) alright , well let I go make sure the loaf be on he way . back ina flash . and jack 's off to the phone booth . a beat , before therese turn around . she scan the bar and beyond for carol , but she 's not there . therese walk to the lobby entrance - she scan the lobby - but carol be well and truly go - and it only now hit therese that she let carol walk away . therese turn and make she way to the lady room in a bit of a daze . int . ritz tower HOTEL . lady room . night . therese stand at the sink , water run . she can barely bring herself to look into the mirror . she splashes cold water on she face . int . phil 's apartment . night . therese thread she way through phil 's guest on she way to the front door - it 's no easy task navigate , especially since no one seem to notice therese , or anything other than they own good time . when she finally reach the door , therese take a look back into the live room to see if she 's miss out on any good - by . she spot dannie and louise on the floor , knee - up to phil 's small black and white tv set , intently watch a film , oblivious to the noise around they . dannie jot note every once in a while in he little notebook . all seem right here - for other at least . therese slip out the door . ext . greenwich village STREET . night . therese walk down a quaint , cobble street . it 's a lovely night and there be various pedestrian out strolling . it seem to therese that she 's the only person who be not smile , be not engage with someone who 's actually beside she on such a lovely evening . she look at the palm of she hand , check the address , keep walk . as she approach the address , therese spot a elderly couple arm in arm , support each other , walk down the street towards she . they look like they have be together for ever : the elderly woman lean in to she husband as they pass , the elderly man tipping he hat to therese . we hear sharp laughter from a nearby apartment and therese turn to see genevieve cantrell lean backwards out of a window . she hold a bottle of champagne which spill down into the street below . 115 genevieve gesture to someone inside , and another woman join genevieve at the window - the two begin to make out . therese watch they embrace for a moment ; it 's tremendously sexy . genevieve pull the woman back into the apartment , and the window 's slam shut behind they . the night be suddenly very quiet . therese look off in the direction the elderly couple take . she start walk , away from genevieve , toward something else . she begin to walk more quickly , and more quickly still , brush past the world of stranger . int . the oak room . plaza HOTEL . night . therese , wind , enter the restaurant . a waiter stop she . waiter do you have a reservation ? therese I be look for someone . waiter I be sorry mar ’am , I can not seat you without - she move away from the waiter and scan the crowded room . nothing . then , out of the corner of she eye , almost imperceptible at first , at a table towards the rear of the room , she see a woman 's blonde head throw back in laughter ; the woman seem to be encapsulate in or protect by a haze of light and smoke . it 's carol , carol as therese have always see she and as she will see she evermore : in slow motion , like in a dream or a single , define memory , substantial yet elusive . she move towards she . carol raise a wine glass to she lip and as she do , she turn slightly and spot therese . she be not startle . we see she face soften . therese continue to approach . carol watch with a smile burn in she eye . therese have nearly arrive . the end for you consideration best adapted screenplay Phyllis nagy y the weinstein company www.twcawards.com