carrie written by lawrence D. Cohen &amp ; Stephen King fade in : from a absolutely glisten white ­ a image which first appear to be a brilliantly shine glass globe , and then gradually become more of a piece of solid matter , less of a mystery . it 's the ext . white bungalow ( or house ) ­ day 1 . filling the frame like a picture postcard . modest , old - fashioned , spotless ­ a vision of small town normalcy and virtue . this be the home of margaret white and she daughter carrie . it seem to have be scrubbed from roof to porch ; it be white . even the lawn seem to have be wash and bleach . antiseptic . we hear a woman 's voice : margaret ( o.s . ) carrie ! carrie the voice be distant but insistent . it be hear , in perspective , through the follow prologue , which initially involve : 2 . stella horan ­ day a all - american sunbathing beauty of eighteen , get the tan of she life with only a skimpy white bikini run interference between she skin and the sun . the camera slowly pan over the expanse of she body ­ luxuriant , take it in inch for inch as she dreamily rub in suntan lotion and lick she lip . the music be come from a transistor radio by she side ; she 's on a beach blanket in the horan back yard . 3 . downward angle ­ stella as she sense someone stand over she , someone stare at she body through the half - grow hedge which separate the horan back yard from the White house next door . voice ( o.s. ) what be that ? 2 4 . stella's Pov ­ carrie white a terribly appeal little girl , a child of indeterminable age . pink cheek , a halo of blonde - white hair which will darken in time . what set she apart from other child , however , be a pair of bright button brown eye ; and it 's this eye that we notice as she peer at stella through the hedge . stella hiya , carrie . gee you give I a fright . ( turn down the radio ) how long have you be there ? carrie ( not smile ; point with she finger ) what be that ? stella look where carrie be point ; the top of she bikini have slip , just barely revealing she breast ­ white against the golden tan . stella adjust she suit ­ not out of any particular modesty of she own but as a reflex at be stare at so strangely . stella that be my breast , honey . carrie ( a beat ; then solemnly ) I wish I have some . stella you will . ` course you will have to wait a couple of year , but ­ carrie ( a fact ) no I will not . stella why , sure you will . carrie ( emphatic ) no , I will not . ( glance behind she ) momma say no ... momma say good girl do not . 3 stella ( at something of a loss ) well , I be a good girl . and besides , do not you mother have breast ? 5 carrie glance anxiously at the mention of she mother at the White house next door . she swallow she word so that all stella and we hear be : carrie ...dirtypillows . stella what ? carrie momma call they dirtypillow . say she 's get they `cuz she be bad when she make I . 6 stella incredulous . but she sense that carrie be both perfectly serious and quite worried , and she too glance warily over at the White house just beyond the half - grow hedge . she kneel next to carrie and try to laugh it off . stella now , honey , that 's just silly . listen ­ you must be real hot in that long dress . what do you say we go inside and get we some lemonade , would you like that ? 7 carrie clearly tear ­ tempt but in the clutch of some weird terror ­ as if she expect the earth to open and swallow she up . she shake she head . stella c'mon . ( offer she hand ) it will be we secret . carrie ­ now really scared ­ shake she head and disappear farther into the hedge . 4 carrie I can not ! stella sure you can . I make it nice and sweet , and ­ and just at that moment , a figure appear in the second -story window in the White house . although stella and we really can not distinctly see through the sun 's glare , it 's unmistakably margaret white . the moment this big woman see she daughter with stella , she let out a bloodcurdle scream : margaret caarrieettaaa !!! 8 carrie , stella both freeze by this terrible sound 9 stella's Pov ­ closer on carrie as she suck in she breath , quivering with fright , look as if she might faint . she look quickly to stella , then back at the White house , then back to stella . for the merest flash , she seem to smile ­ or be she about to cry ? and then , she 's go ­ run around the hedge and then up the porch stair and into the White house as fast she leg can carry she . 10 . stella stands there , rivete . not know what 's happen , what to do . it 's utterly silent for a moment . and then , a incredible cacophony of strange sound start come from the White house ­ a unearthly babble as Margaret White scream , rant , and screech ; as carrie sob that she 's sorry , that she forget . stella mother ! ( louder ) mother ! 5 11 . the horan house as mrs . horan ­ in a old housedress with the hem fall down in the back ­ rush out to answer to she daughter 's call . mrs . horan what in the name of God ? what 's the matter ? stella ( frantic ) I do not know ... carrie be just talk to I , and Mrs. White start scream and ... 12 . the white house the sun glisten brilliantly on it as in the open shot . again , it should appear like a huge glass globe over which we counterpoint one mother / daughter dialogue with the less distinct babble of another : margaret ( v.o. ) I tell you to stay away from there , I tell you .... carrie ( v.o. ) I be sorry , momma . margaret ( v.o. ) ...to stay away from that girl , that whore ... carrie ( v.o. ) please , momma ! margaret ( v.o. ) ... of Babylon ! which continue over : 13 . two shot ­ stella and mrs . horan they eye rivete on the house ­ try , squinting to see through the sun 's terrible glare . stella do not you yell at she like that ! stop that ! mrs . horan that poor sweet child ... 6 stella mother , we have get to do something ! mrs . horan what ? stella call the police ? mother , call the police ! mrs . horan ( not about to interfere ; hopeless ) the child ... at this point , the hysteric babble reach its crescendo ; we should be able to pick out phrase in this cacophony as Margaret rant at carrie to go into she closet and pray for forgiveness ; as carrie 's frighten little voice proclaim that she forget , that she 's sorry . and then suddenly the scream stop and it 's quiet ­ dead quiet . 14 the white house as it become more distinct , visible . there 's a low whistling sound , and then what appear to be a stone the size of a small pebble land on the roof . another , slightly larger one appear a second or two later . and then another , and another , and ... 15 tighter two shot ­ stella and mrs . horan squinting , blink at the pebble which be come down like marble . 16 the white house as it 's pelt with what be now even larger stone ­ whistling , scream in the air like miniature bomb . Stones from a perfectly blue summer day . Stones range in size from marble to handballs . one of they hit a downspout , knock it onto the lawn . crashing , cracking sound as this piece of granite tear into the stucco roofing , leave hole . the effect be that of a drum be bombard . 7 17 . two shot ­ mrs . horan and stella frozen to the spot : Mrs. horan with she hand over she ear , she scream blend with the SOUND of larger and larger stone as they pelt the house and we hear Margaret throughout scream : margaret' voice stop that ! stop that ! stella be clutching Mrs. horan like a child terrify by the freakiest of summer storm ­ a healthy young woman as she figure in the bikini testify , but a child nonetheless , this nightmarish moment . 18 the house as still larger stone hail from the sky . and then just as suddenly and inexplicably as they start , they stop . 19 two shot ­ the women Mrs. horan with she hand still over she ear , she daughter stand next to she , transfix on the lawn . once again , it 's quiet . 20 the white house as one final stone ­ this one the size of a mere pebble ­ fall from the roof and plop onto the lawn . the image grow lighter and lighter . all the color seem to bleach out , turn the screen once again into a incredible , silently blaze white . MAIN title . 21 ext . the white house ­ morning now some year later ­ and no longer glisten so whitely or mysteriously . we see the front of the house as the door fly open . carrie , now sixteen or seventeen , appear in the doorway , carry school book . as she come out on the porch , the screen door bang behind she . 8 she be wear a shapeless , drab dress ­ much too long , not so much out of style as utterly without style . what remain in this adolescent girl that link she with the pretty child we glimpse in the prologue be that remarkable eye . as she come down the porch stair , we hear : margaret' voice carrie ! carrie stop , turn to reply into the house . carrie yes , momma . margaret' voice you come straight home from school . a moment of hesitation on carrie 's part , a very slight hint of rebellion , but : carrie ( sweetly ) I always do , momma . then she turn , walk to the street , gather pace , quicken . 22 . ext white house ­ another angle as carrie walk down the path from the porch and turn at the sidewalk , in the course of which she pass by where the horan use to live . only the horan no longer live here . no one do . it 's a vacant lot with a for sale sign out front , with overgrown weed . from the look of they , the house vanish a long time ago . 23 ext . town street ­ day carrie be walk to school , the sun shine brightly above she . the farther she get from she house , the livelier she seem . we sense that underneath this drab dress be a girl push out , a altogether different creature than she appearance would suggest . and to help persuade we about this possibility , there be music . 24 bobby erbeter about five , bobby bike on the other side of one of the street , keep pace with carrie on a twenty - inch schwinn with training wheel . 9 bobby hey , fart - face ! hey , old praying carrie ! pray , carrie , praying carrie , praying carrie ! carrie favor he with a sweet tolerant smile and go on toward the high school , in the background : Bobby , frustrated , stop astride be bike and scream after she . Bobby 's face ­ dissolve to : 25 the face of a adolescent or as he be know in school , the beak . he be pathetically thin , myopic , weak - chin , beak -nose , almost a caricature of a adolescent reject . over he face , we hear : fromm's voice what be you go to leave for we , you people in you big car spew pollution into the air ? we pan the face of adolescent , listen with various degree of attention , indifference , or reluctance , to : fromm's voice you people with heavy foot trample down the wilderness ? you people who peer into the back seat of we car hour after you come out of the back door of you motel . soon all we will have be each other , and that could be enough ... 26 int . classroom ­ fromm ­ day or , as he be know to he pupil , big belly fromm , at he desk in front of the class , read from a assignment paper . fromm ... if you will let we have room enough and air enough and peace enough to love each other as you never could 10 he set down the paper , and look at the class . 27 fromm's Pov ­ the CLASS we will see , among other , carrie . we also see tommy ross ­ a mid-seventy version of the boy next door . good-look , clean - cut , intelligent , athletic . 28 fromm he be nodd he head slowly , affect a kind of puzzlement . fromm I must say ­ I must confess ­ this poem display a extraordinary talent ... ( the knife ) ...a talent extraordinary for you , Tommy Ross . 29 the CLASS all eye be on Tommy , who do not seem very abash . in fact , he turn , clasp he hand over he head , to the delight of he classmate . but you do not get the feel he be a goof - off ; he be a kid aware of he own popularity and comfortable with it . 30 fromm fromm Tommy , this be slightly different from run for a touchdown ... any criticism ? 31 the CLASS the usual hesitation . then carrie 's hand shoot up . 32 fromm he appear surprised to see carrie , ordinarily shy , volunteering . fromm carrie White ? 33 the CLASS ­ featuring carrie 11 her volunteering have surprised she as well . but she 's stick with it . the eye of the class be on she . and she have to say something . so she do . carrie it 's ... beautiful . 34 fromm he leave he desk , move into the class area , seem to pounce on carrie . fromm ` beautiful . ' ` bee -t-ti-ful ! ' ` oh beautiful for spacious sky , for amber wave of grain . ' be that the beautiful you mean ? the class be snicker . carrie throw a despair glance toward Tommy . Tommy look at she , and away , embarrassed . carrie look down at she desk , almost bury herself . fromm that be not exactly a criticism , miss White . ( look around ) anyone else ? ( no one else ) well , at least we have finally get carrie White to say something ! Tommy look toward carrie , with something suggest compassion . then he look toward fromm , and he be mutter something . or to be specific : tommy ( mutter ) you suck . fromm Tommy ? you say something ? tommy yes , sir . ( moment ; " popular " grin ) I say ... vshuck . ' but everyone in the class know . CUT to : 35 omitted 12 36 ext . volleyball court ­ day two team of girl , among they norma watson , helen shyre , cora and rhonda wilson ( sister although not identical twin ) , CHRIS hargensen and sue snell . supervise the game be miss collin wear a warm - up suit and hold a whistle await the next point . among the girl be carrie anxiously watch for the ball to come she way . it have apparently be a close game , the competition building steadily . when the shot begin , miss Collins have just blow she whistle to announce : collin okay , now . this be game point . this be the final point of the game and Rhonda Wilson be serve ( she be on the opposite team as carrie ) . rhonda ( give the score ) twenty ­ twenty . the ball be successfully serve and remain in play for some time as the girl skillfully volley it back and forth over the net . and then , just when the tension be its great , the ball come over the net toward carrie . it 's evident that the outcome of the game depend upon she success . the little boy who decide to put he finger in the dyke have it easier . the other girl be ( ad lib ) shouting caution and admonition to carrie . carrie almost tremble with tension , about to bat the ball over the net , afraid to hit it . carrie whacks the ball . she shack it hard . and on a line ­ straight into the net . another chorus of groan , with remark like " would not you know ! " and " dumbo ! " reinforce they . Chris storm back toward carrie . CHRIS ( low , harsh ) you eat shit ! miss Collins blow she whistle . CUT to : 13 37 int shower room ­ day steam partially obscure the girl as they whoop and holler and cavort under individual shower . they banter little barb pleasantry , bit of sexual information , family plaint , talk of college ­ all of which we hear from separate stall . one by one the shower be turn off , the girl step out , remove pastel bathing cap , toweling , spraying deodorant , bras hook , underpant step into . steam hang in the air . so do word , run into one another , tumble , drift . `... Tommy say he hate it on I ... my sister 's husband pick he nose ... so do you sister ... too cheap to spend a penny ... we will go after school ... I be go with billy , we will meet you ... Friday night ... ' we pick up miss Collins as she step among the girl , spy carrie still stand under the shower . she clap she hand together once , smartly . collin what be you wait for , carrie ? ( as carrie look at she ) Bell in five minute . carrie oh uh ? as Collins depart , and the other girl start to move toward they locker , carrie be leave alone in she shower stall . she be soap herself . in a virtual reverie , she begin at she shoulder , move she hand over she breast in small , regular , virtually erotic circle . her hand go out of frame , below she stomach . slowly , it emerge back into frame ­ full of blood . and just as she and we see this , so do the girl . CHRIS peer-iod ! peer-iod ! carrie stare at she dumbly . the other girl be quick to take up the chant . Chris lead they . girl peer-iod ! peer-iod ! peer-iod ! peer-iod ! one voice chime in : norma 14 plug it up ! other take up this new chant . for a while , like counterpoint , he chant overlap ; then the new chant emerge solely : girl plug it up ! plug it up ! plug it up ! plug it up ! dime-size drop be strike the tile floor at carrie 's foot . sue for God 's sake , carrie , you get you period . ( as carrie turn toward she ) clean yourself up ! carrie seem bewilder . sue ( furiously ) you be bleed ! you dumb pudding , you be bleed ! carrie look down and wail , the sound be very loud . a tampon strike carrie 's chest , plop to she foot . carrie just stare at it . norma she think they be for lipstick . behind she , another girl pretend to throw up . shriek of laughter . another tampon strike carrie . another . the girl be bombard she with tampon and sanitary napkin , some from purse , some from the break dispenser on the wall . as they bombard carrie : girl plug it up , plug it up , plug it up , plug it up .... we isolate Sue snell at the moment she join in the chant , and watch she beginning to be catch up in what can only be describe as a fury . carrie howl and begin to back away , howling louder and louder . the door be flung open by Collins . collin 15 what be this ? and she take it in . she jerk the whistle to she mouth , blow and blow ! the sound be louder than a shriek ( which it resemble ) or a howl ( which it do not ) . and there be sudden silence . collin ( to girl ) get out ! get out ! the girl retreat , Sue last . sue it must be she first ... collin out ! as the girl slip out , Collins turn to carrie , who have back up and be whimper . Collins slap she face , not too hard at first , then with a flash of anger . carrie m... m... miss Collins ... collin stand up . take care of yourself . carrie I be bleed . one blind search hand come up , clutches Collins ' white short , leave a bloody handprint . collin damn you ! she hurl carrie part way across the room toward the break sanitary napkin dispenser . collin get over there ! and take one ! carrie 16 I do not know ... collin never mind the coin slot ... it 's break . carrie it hurt ... my stomach ... collin ( grab she ) do it ! now . carrie I can not . I do not know how ! there 's a bright flash as a light bulb poip , fizzling out . Collins be surprised . collin what ...? and she look at carrie . her anger seem to seep away . her voice soften . collin carrie , do not you know ...? ( shake she head , realize and wonder ) you do not . ( reach for carrie ) I will show you . dissolve to : 38a insert int waiting room ­ day carrie and miss finch 38 int . principal' office ­ day henry morton , the principal , a decent but somewhat plodd man in he mid-forty , be tapping out he pipe as he talk to Collins . morton be not she a bit old for she ... well , he can not quite say it . collin 17 her first period ? morton ah , yes . collin morty , until a half hour ago , I do not think she know there be such a thing . he hesitates a moment ­ notice carrie 's bloody handprint on Collins ' gym short . morton it 's hard to believe in this day and age a girl in high school would not know ... something ... the fact . collin well , know that mother of hers ... morton ( cut she off ) miss Collins , if you would be with we longer , you would understand we cannot interfere with people 's belief . as for the girl ­ collin carrie 's always be they scapegoat . so they ... morton you will have to do something . collin I will . but I understand how that girl feel . the whole thing just make I want to take the girl and shake she . morton ummm . collin it 's just she period , for God 's sake . morton ( cut in ; uncomfortable ) we will send she home . ( to intercom ) miss finch , send in cassie wright . 18 collin it 's carrie White . morton ( fiddling with paper clip on he desk ) oh. the door be open . carrie stand in the doorway . morton come in , cassie . Collins start to correct he , but : morton Close the door . no , wait . ( up ) miss finch , bring in a dismissal slip . ( to carrie ) I think you might take the rest of the day and go home and , uh , well ... take care of yourself , cassie . carrie ( hardly a murmur ) carrie . morton we be all sorry about this incident . miss finch , elderly , spinsterish , goggle in with the yellow dismissal slip , bring it to Morton who initial it . morton ( to finch , as she go ) thank you . ( to carrie ) would you like to go to the infirmary ?... carrie be shaking she head . morton ... lie down for a while ... collin I think carrie can go home . 19 morton would you like a ride ? again , carrie be shaking she head . morton we could call you a cab . collin I be sure she can walk home . and carrie , you be excuse from gym for a week . take study hall instead . Morton pick up the dismissal slip , hand it to carrie . morton we be sorry about this , cassie . carrie ( sudden fury ) that 's not my name ! two thing happen simultaneously ; Morton recoil slightly and the ashtray quake a little and then tumble from the desk . then carrie go out . Morton come around the desk , stoops to pick up the ashtray , stare at it curiously for a moment , then look at Collins . collin ( slowly ) that remind I . a light blow out while I be try to calm she down . morton I will send a janitor to fix it . okay , that 's reality . he put the ashtray back on the desk decisively , dismiss any " peculiar " think he may have have . dissolve to : 39 a red screen pull back quickly to show red circle of a traffic light . 20 carrie be stand at a intersection , wait for the light to change . 40 carrie' Pov ­ chamberlain STREET Cars be flash by ; they seem to leave blur of light . 41 flash CUT carrie 's tormentor . 42 . flash CUT carrie . 43 . longer CUT the girl throw tampon and sanitary napkin . 44 . longer CUT carrie , hatred show . 45 the girl ­ featuring CHRIS suddenly they motion be arrested . they image polarize ; the girl disappear , except for Chris . her image remains . 46 carrie concentrate she hatred 47 CHRIS ' image it begin to shatter . and then explode . 48 the light turn green 49 carrie she walk across the street . 21 50 ext . another STREET ­ day a quiet residential street in a lower middle - class neighborhood . carrie be walk down the street , slowly . 51 another angle there come Bobby erbeter again on he bike , parallel carrie ( as before ) bobby hey , fart - face ! hey , old praying carrie ! 52 carrie she keep on walk , ignore he . 53 bobby keeping pace with carrie , shouting across the street . bobby fart-face , fart - face , fart -face ... 54 carrie turn toward he , she face contort with rage . 55 carrie' Pov ­ angle on bobby the bike wobble on its training wheel . and the bike topple over , on top of Bobby , who scream 56 omitted 57 carrie close now , feature she eye most prominently . her face be uncertain , confuse . what just happen ? she think ( that 's right , think ) something and it happen ... and we hear another scream , more of a angry shriek , and then the strange sight and SOUND of : 22 58 flash CUT as the stone pelt the White bungalow year ago . 59 closer the stone pelting the roof . 60 carrie she be stare across the street at : 61 bobby scream with anger ( more than anything else ) as he disentangle himself . he stand up , look toward carrie across the street , shake he little fist . bobby ( defiantly ) fart-face ! 62 carrie the boy 's defiant chant can be hear as carrie blink , wonder . then she open she eye , wider . she look at the boy . she frown for a moment . 63 flash cut the stone . the light bulb explode . the ashtray fall . we hear : bobby's voice fart-face , fart - face , fart - face ! 64 carrie a faint smile , partly of wonder , partly of a strange kind of joy . she know . 23 dissolve to : 65 int . snell kitchen ­ eleanor snell ­ day Sue 's mother . out of a margarine commercial ­ a package , nice lady , neat , trim ­ a good mother , good wife . she be prepare dinner ; in she line of sight , a television game show glitter . doorbell Eleanor frown momentarily , leave the kitchen . 66 int . snell house ­ tracking eleanor ­ day through the middleclass , rather tasteful home , to the front door . Eleanor open the door . 67 angle on margaret white stand in the doorway . she be a large lady dress in black , carry a wear black leather sack , which we will discover be bulg with religious tract . 68 eleanor with margaret Margaret White be not a welcome visitor , but Eleanor snell be a polite lady . eleanor oh , Mrs. White . margaret how have you be , Mrs. snell ? eleanor Fine . margaret and the doctor ? eleanor Fine . margaret and you daughter ? 24 eleanor Sue be ... fine . a impasse . finally Eleanor feel constrain to open the door wider , put a smile on she face , and : eleanor wo not you come in , Mrs. White ? margaret thank you . she step inside and Eleanor close the door behind she , say : eleanor I think carrie be in some of Sue 's class . margaret yes . eleanor perhaps some time carrie might visit ... margaret I be here on the Lord 's work . eleanor yes , of course . Margaret be fishing tract out of she bag . margaret this will interest the doctor and you . Eleanor look at the tract with pretend interest eleanor I be sure they will . margaret and you daughter . eleanor ( a smile ) well , I do not think Sue would be ­ 25 margaret ( cut in ) Children be godless this day , Mrs. snell . Margaret 's voice be almost toneless ­ now and throughout . eleanor my Sue be a good girl . margaret this be godless time . eleanor I will drink to that ! humor ­ and she regret it immediately . eleanor ( continue ; quietly ) we will all read ... this . the telephone ring . eleanor Excuse I . ( retreate ) please sit down . Margaret do not sit , and Eleanor flee into the kitchen . 69 int kitchen ­ day as Eleanor reach the phone . eleanor hello ... Betty , can I call you back ? Margaret White be here ... right ... right ... let I get rid of she and I will call you back . she hang up , open a drawer , take out some hide household money ( a couple of bill ) , and drag herself back into the live room . 70 int . snell live room ­ day Margaret be still where we leave she . 26 eleanor we would like to contribute ten ... ( a look at Margaret ) ... twenty dollar . margaret thank you . I will give you a receipt . Eleanor shift from foot to foot while Margaret write out the receipt , give it to she . eleanor thank you , Mrs. White . margaret I will pray you find Jesus before it 's too late . what can one say ? Eleanor stand there , completely exasperate but retain she politeness like a steel , middle - class glove . she accompany Margaret to the door and the latter leave . Eleanor be about to close the door , stop , see : 71 ext snell house ­ from door ­ day Sue be come toward the door . she pass Margaret with a quick ( inaudible ) greeting and hurry to the front door where she mother be wait . sue that 's carrie White 's mother ... as Eleanor nod and close the door . sue ( apprehensively ) what do she want ? eleanor ( indicate tract ) she give we this ­ ( conspiratorial sigh ) ... and I give she a donation . Sue 's face betray relief , but Eleanor notice nothing . eleanor ( brightly ) well , how be school today ? 27 sue today ? like always . hold on Sue , stare at the tract on the table ( or perhaps out the window as Margaret leave ) . a long beat , then : dissolve to : 72 carrie who be sit in a old Boston rocker by the window in she room which overlook the street . she be wear just a slip or perhaps a old terrycloth robe ­ she plain dress and school book on the narrow bed . she be leaf through a teenage magazine on the order of " seventeen " ­ absorb in the mundane fantasy of model in they pantyhose and underwear ; long gowns and mystery man . a escape of sort . and we reveal carrie 's bedroom in the low attic of the White house : tiny , plain , severe . it 's decorate with just the fewest embellishment ( i.e. high school pennant ) that Margaret would allow in exchange for she own price ­ a crucifix above carrie 's bed , a small bureau with a equally small mirror , a Bible and plastic glow - in- the-dark madonna and child , and various religious print and plaster quotation on the wall . 73 angle ­ featuring carrie caught up in the magazine , in the most normal of female fantasy courtesy of the slick madison Avenue mind . and then , with that extra sense of perception apparatus that fear it 's about to be catch do something it should not , carrie glance out the window and down to see : 74 ext the STREET ­ margaret as this formidable vision of black stride down the walk . another woman like this would be come home from a funeral ; Margaret actually seem to like black . 75 closeup ­ carrie her heart pound as we glimpse that look of terror we witness earlier ­ a scared little girl now encase in the body of a adolescent . as she hear Margaret close the front door and call out she name as she hang up she coat , carrie hastily stashes the magazine under the mattress . then she begin to dress as we hear the sound of Margaret in the kitchen , start she daily afternoon ritual of make tea . 28 and then the telephone ring ­ only to stop as Margaret pick up the receiver . it 's just as carrie dread ­ it 's the school ­ and she stand by the door , try desperately to overhear Margaret 's muffle voice . and then Margaret hang up , and in a deadly tone of voice ­ not yell but enunciation with a terrible clarity ­ she call up the stair : margaret' voice I know you be listen . come downstairs . and defeat , carrie brace herself and go down the : 76 hallway , stair , live room , following carrie as she hurry down toward she mother and into : 77 int white kitchen ­ day where Margaret be stand by the stove , she back to she in stony silence . carrie hello , momma . no response . the teakettle be just beginning to boil over the gas burner , and in this altogether strange little kitchen ­ a veritable arsenal of lace - tatted religious art ­ Margaret be a rock . 29 carrie sit down at the kitchen table , burst with shame and the need to talk . yet she recognize she mother 's wall of silence , know she will not speak until she 's ready . they have be through this dance a thousand time . finally , carrie break . carrie who be it that call ? ( no response ) what do they say ? 78 margaret Point one and some grim satisfaction . yet she do not respond immediately . then she turn from the stove . margaret ( softly ) you be a woman now . carrie oh momma , why do not you tell I something ? I be so scared ... Margaret walk over to the table and sit next to carrie . she put on rimless glass , then open the Bible and start to read with one of that strange Kathryn kuhlman look on she face : margaret ` and God make Eve from the rib of Adam . and Eve be weak and loose the raven on the world , and the raven be call Sin ­ ` she push the Bible at carrie , she finger on the place . margaret ... and the raven be call sin ... carrie why do not you tell I ? oh , momma ­ margaret ( override ) ... and the raven be call Sin ! ... and the first sin be intercourse . 30 carrie I be so scared ! and the other girl , they make fun of I and throw thing and ­ Margaret 's hand flash out , backhand carrie into the wall . it 's a wallop of a slap , the sting of it bring tear to she eye . carrie momma , please listen . it be not my fault . another backhand blow knock carrie to the floor . carrie momma ! margaret and Eve be weak and ... say it , woman ! kick . carrie momma , please help I . margaret and Eve be weak and loose the raven on the world . carrie they throw thing ... margaret ( override ) ... and the raven be call Sin ... Sin ! ... and the first sin be intercourse . carrie momma , please listen . a kick . margaret and the Lord visit Eve with a curse , and the curse be the curse of blood ! 31 the teakettle start to whistle . carrie you should have tell I ! Margaret clutches carrie 's wrist in a vise . margaret ( heavenward ) o Lord , help this sinning woman see the sin of she day and way . show she that if she have remain sinless ­ carrie no ! margaret -- the curse of blood would never have come on she . she may have be tempt by the Antichrist . she may have commit the Sin of lustful thought . the teakettle be whistling louder ­ a high -pitch scream . carrie no , momma . margaret do not you lie to I , carietta , do not you know by now I can see inside you ? I can see you sin just as surely as God can . carrie momma , let I go . Margaret fling open the door of the kitchen closet . margaret we will pray . we will pray , woman , we will pray to Jesus for we woman - weak , wick , sinning soul ... she switch on the light , and there be Jesus on the wall , rictus , crown of thorns , bath in a ominous blue light . a vision of a wrathful God . throughout the follow , carrie struggle desperately , but she 's no match for she mother . 32 margaret and the Lord visit Eve with a curse , and the curse be the curse of blood . and there be a second curse , and this be the curse of childbear , and Eve bring forth cain in sweat and blood ! she propel carrie into the closet , slam the door behind she . Margaret 's voice continue , overlap onto : 79 int . closet ­ carrie ­ day very much the little girl now as she sink to the floor of the closet ­ cry , dishevel , beat . the closet be just what every child ever dread about the night . 80 jesus look down at carrie . 81 carrie she look away ­ and inwards . with she , we see : 82 splat of blood falling on the shower floor . 83 the girl ­ in the shower room surround carrie , jeer she , bombard she . 84 jesus impassive , impersonal , unconcern ­ or so it seem . 85 CHRIS ­ in the shower room in the forefront of the pack . 86 carrie ­ in the shower room as the girl would see she , cower , the bloody napkin pelting she . 87 jesus ­ closer angle the blood seem to be stream down he face ; it move . 33 88 carrie ­ in the closet tear be stream down she face . she whisper : carrie please ! dissolve to : 89 ext . the hill ­ night moving in slowly on Tommy Ross ' 1963 Ford , which be park in the shadow on the Hill ( something of a ridge which overlook the town and be dedicated to eros by high school student and occasional graduate ) . the music swell as we move in . and finally , we peer into the car , where we see : 90 int . tommy' ford ­ night Sue and Tommy have finish make love in the back seat . they be both put they clothes in order , silently , slowly . then they climb into the front seat . Sue take out a cigarette . Tommy light it with the dashboard lighter . they say nothing as Sue smoke for a few moment . then Tommy look at she closely . tommy hey . she turn away . tommy hey , what 's the matter ? he put he arm around she clumsily . sue nothing . tommy what do I do ? sue nothing . it 's not you . 34 tommy hey , everything 's all right . I love you , honey . ( silence ) do I ...? sue ( blurt ) it 's carrie . tommy who ? sue carrie . carrie White . tommy pray carrie ? sue ( sharply ) do not call she that . tommy ( imitate carrie ) it 's ... beautiful . ( laugh ) that 's what she say when I read that poem you write for I . sue Tommy , please ... tommy ( go on ) and Big belly fromm say ... ( imitate ) that be not exactly criticism , miss White . ( explode ) Jesus ! Sue have turn away from he . tommy hey , honey , it be a beautiful poem . I wish I could have write it . ( silence ) honey ? 35 sue do not call I that . tommy do not call she that . do not call I that . what the hell 's the matter with you ? she be cry , that 's what . tommy hey , be you cry ? ( yes , stupid ) be you ? he try to turn she toward he . she struggle . manfully , he force she around . tommy Jesus , Sue , what be it ? sue ( try to turn away ) I tell you . tommy told I what ? sue about carrie . tommy that thing in the shower ? ( she 's silent ) hey , it be a joke , be not it ? I mean , everyone be do it . sue I be not everyone . tommy you be special . sue I be one of they . tommy so you be teasing carrie White ­ 36 sue we be hurt she ­ tommy she 's use to it . Jesus , you remember how she would get down on she knee and say grace in the cafeteria ... alone , for Christ 's sake . and the way she dress ... hey , Sue , she 's ask for it . sue ( vehemently ) how would you like to be carrie White ? tommy how would I like to be carrie White ? sue how would you like to be carrie White ? how would you like to be carrie White instead of be Tommy Ross ... big man , big jock , popular . tommy what 's the big deal about be popular ? I mean , one day I will wake up and find myself work at my dad 's car lot and out Friday night and Saturday at uncle billy 's or the cavalier drink beer and maybe marry with a bunch of kid ... ( stop ) what 's that get to do with carrie White ? or anything ? sue I do something wrong and I feel bad about it . tommy I can understand that . hey , back in seventh grade , there be this kid ... sue ( interrupt ) I have get to do something about it . tommy like what ? sue I do not know yet . apologize . tommy okay , you tell she you be sorry . 37 sue that 's not enough . that 's like something my mom would do . tommy what be you go to do ? kiss she , for God 's sake ? sue God , I hate you sometimes ! tommy what the hell do you want I to do ? sue I want you to help I . or be you just interested in fuck I ? tommy ( angrily ) do not say that ! sue Fucking I , fuck I ... tommy cut it out ! sue then help I ! Tommy move back from Sue . he be look at she , try to figure she out . he want to do something , he do not want a argument , but ... tommy okay , what can I do ? sue I want you to think about carrie White . 38 tommy ( incredulously ) you want I to sit here and think about ... Jesus ! ( moment ) be you serious ? ( moment ) you be serious . ( moment ) what 's there to think about ? sue think about it . tommy Jesus . he stare off through the windshield . he be really puzzle . he steal a look at Sue . he start to put he arm around she ; she move a little , subtly but clearly . Tommy stare off into space again . tommy I never think about she . I mean , she be not someone you have to think about . ( beat ) she be always there ­ keep to herself in that stupid dress ­ that weird mother . ( beat ) you know what I mean ? Sue glance toward he . of course she know . and he be beginning to understand . Tommy look straight ahead again . he be start to think . it 's not all that easy . tommy ( almost under he breath ) carrie White ? it do come out as a question . dissolve to : 39 91 int . white live room ­ night Margaret be at the sewing machine . she be either listen to a reasonable facsimile of Kathryn kuhlman preaching on the radio , or instead , to a old Victrola which play Tennessee Ernie Ford 's " let the lower light be Burning . " a Black Forest cuckoo clock , provide a sense of lapse time . suddenly the treadle on the sewing machine depress itself . the needle begin to dip up and down ; the bobbin whir and jerk . Margaret turn around to see : 92 carrie she be stand in the entrance of the live room . her demeanor seem more peaceful , calm , almost too calm . 93 margaret a touch of fear in she eye . but : margaret go to bed . 94 carrie she cross over to she mother , kiss she lightly on the ( unmove ) head . carrie good night , momma . carrie go to the stair . 95 up the stair with carrie . 96 upper hallway carrie go into she room . 40 97 int . carrie' room ­ night carrie turn on a light . she undress slowly , wearily . and then she stop and look at herself in the mirror . a close , tired inspection . her eye seem hollow , haunt . carrie do not like what she see ; she do not like herself . flex . slowly crack appear in the mirror , spiderweb . flex . the mirror crack wider . and flex : the mirror shatter , crash to the dresser in piece , loudly ; some of the piece fall on the floor . margaret carrie ! carrie ? carrie ! a moment of utter panic ­ now what ? 98 hallway stair as Margaret stride up they , past the landing , and try the knob on carrie 's door . it 's lock . she rattles the knob . but to no avail . then : margaret carrie ! carrie , open this door ! ( a beat ; nothing ) carrie ! another beat ; then : carrie' voice ( sweetly ) it 's open , momma . Margaret try the knob again , and it be , indeed , open . 99 int carrie' room where carrie be kneel by she bed , now in she flannel nightgown , praying . margaret what be that noise ? carrie 41 nothing , momma . Margaret peer around the room ; she do hear a mirror break , no mistake about it . but there it be ­ whole again as she reflection in it testify . Margaret walk over to it , rearrange the plastic glow - in- the-dark madonna and child on the dresser . margaret go to bed . she leave the doorway and we return to carrie , who smile sweetly . and then : flex . the door slam close . 100 int . the gym ­ tracking shot ­ day down the class of twenty - five or so girl , still in they street clothes , line up against the gym wall under they class number as : 101 collin walk in front of they with a clipboard take roll . Collins ... shyre ... shyre ( o.s . ) present collin ... snell ... 102 the girl still tracking , featuring Sue sue here . collin ( o.s. ) Watson ... watson present . 42 the camera come to a empty space ­ without be tell , we can tell it 's carrie 's . 103 collin hesitates , then move right along . collin ... and the wilson . who be identical twin . cora here ... rhonda ... miss Collins . collin ( small smile ; then , close she book ) okay . sit down . all the girl ­ except Chris ­ obey . collin you too , Chris . and spit out that gum . CHRIS ( overly sweet ) where will I put it , miss Collins ? collin you can choke on it for all I care . now sit down . 104 CHRIS pause for a second , then decide it 's better to go along without talk back . she sit down . 105 the girl shift nervously , unused to Collins ' absolute no - nonsense tone . 106 collin take a deep breath . 43 collin okay . I just want you all to know that you do a shitty thing yesterday . a really shitty thing . 107 helen shyre the freckle , slightly pudgy girl sit next to Sue ­ giggle nervously . but no one join she , and she clasp she hand over she mouth , try to stifle it . 108 collin glaring at helen , silencing she . collin do any of you stop to think that carrie White have feeling ? do any of you ever stop to think ? no , I guess you have get you mind on you date and the prom . Chris , I imagine you can take you pick , who 's the lucky guy ? CHRIS ( mumble ) billy nolan . collin ( loudly ) who ? speak up ! I can not hear you . Chris try to control she anger ­ be barely able to . CHRIS billy nolan Collins ­ eye- to - eye with Chris now , smile . collin well , be not he the lucky one . she walk down the line , stop in front of Sue . collin and what about you , Sue ? who 's take you ? sue Tommy Ross . 44 collin right ( beat ; then ) okay . now my idea for this little trick you pull be three day ' suspension and refusal of you prom ticket . 109 the girl as Collins ' word sink in ­ groan of disappointment . 110 sue' Pov ­ collin almost seem of single Sue out as she continue ­ at least that 's the way it seem to Sue . collin that would hit you where you live , now , would not it ? and you would deserve it ­ I do not think any of you have any idea of just how nasty what you do be . the office have decide that you be to have one week 's detention . the girl sigh with relief . Chris have a particularly smug look . Collins take in they reaction ; then she reel in the line : collin but . there 's one little catch . it 's to be my detention . right here in the gym . fifty minute every day . get the picture ? 111 the girl as they realize just how they have be have ­ indeed , get the picture . 112 CHRIS furious , defiant . CHRIS I will not come . 113 collin no less determine , but cool . 45 collin that 's up to you , Chris . that 's up to all of you . punishment for skip detention be three day ' suspension and the loss of you prom ticket . any other thought ? 114 the girl sober , slightly frighten . 115 int . hall outside gym ­ carrie ­ day she be stand in the hall , look into the gym through the small glass window cut in the door . 116 int . gym Collins have finish with the girl , she stand in front of they , the victor . collin right . now change up . the girl start to turn . 117 int . hall outside gym carrie quickly pull away from the door before she can be see , hasten away . 118 int . gym Collins watch the girl filing into the locker room , a small triumphant smile on she face . 119 int . hall outside gym carrie be now far down the hall , a small distant figure . now she go out of sight around a corner . the hall be empty and still ; hold , then : CUT to : 120 int . the locker room as the girl change silently into they green gym outfit ­ quiet , subdued , most of they resign to they punishment . Chris , however , be about to blow up ; she toss she skirt into she locker and slam the door shut . CUT to : 46 121 a index card ­ school library and then another , and another , and yet another flipping by we , one title follow another as carrie loom over the card catalog , search . the title card include poison , politics and poltergeist ­ on this latter card , it read : " a ghost suppose to be responsible for table rapping and other mysterious , noisy disturbance . " it also contain a cross-reference ­ see tele ­ and the rest of the word be blurred . 121a carrie her face ­ curious , decide to follow it up . 121b a faster montage as carrie flip through the " T " card catalog ­ pass everything from talmud to tarantula until she get to : 121c telekinesis ­ a closer shot on the word , and below it : ` think to be the ability to move or to cause change in object by force of the mind , perhaps a genetic-recessive in origin . ' 121d carrie ­ close her mind struggle with the word on the card , ponder , thoughtful . her heart start to beat . 122 int . the gym ­ tracking shot on the girl , all of they in the green gym suit , be run rag , just as Collins promise . she 's push they extremely hard , bark order at they , use she whistle like a drill instructor . 123 angle ­ on CHRIS as she run to position herself next to Sue . CHRIS she can not get away with this . I be go to get she . that goddamn snerd ­ sue let it go , Chris . 47 and Sue run on , leave Chris ­ red in the face , breathless , furious ­ behind . Chris deliberately slow down and then just halt . collin the period 's not up , hargensen . CHRIS it be for I . collin there be ten minute leave . CHRIS stick they up you ass . Chris start to stalk past Collins who reach out and firmly push she back . Chris become immediately hysterical . CHRIS you can not hit we ! you will get can for this , you bitch ! my father ­ collin one more word from you and I will throw you across the room . want to see if I be tell the truth ? 124 group shot ­ featuring CHRIS appeal to the other now ; flail , out of control . CHRIS she can not get away with this ! goddammit ! if we all stick together , we can ­ 125 the girl as Chris look to they for support , none of they quite know what to do . CHRIS Norma ... helen ... Sue ! 48 126 another angle feature Chris and Sue sue ( lifeless ) shut up , Chris . just shut up . 127 CHRIS a mutineer without a single ally now . she realize it and head for the door lead to the locker room , and this time , Collins do not even try to stop she . at the door : CHRIS this be not over . this be not over by a long shot . the door slam shut , leave the girl and Collins freeze by Chris 's outburst . the bell give a shrill ring , and we : CUT to : 128 int . the cavalier ­ afternoon the local after-school hangout . cluster of student milling in and around booth . pinball machine , a jukebox thumping " no where to run " by martha reeves and the vandella . Sue be sit , read , alone in one of the booth as Chris enter , say hello to some of she clique , and spot she . CHRIS hey , Sue ! just who I have be look for ! Sue look up and try to force she face into a smile . Chris slide into the booth across from she and thrust she John f. Kennedy school yearbook across the table ­ a action which Sue involuntarily jerk away from out of nervousness . CHRIS ( continue ) I want you to sign my yearbook . hey , where 's you old man , do he stand you up ? sue ( busy herself with the yearbook ) still at practice 49 CHRIS well , I guess you have hear I be out of the prom . I bet that cocksucker Morton lose he job , though . daddy 's suing they . hey , billee ! billee ! come over and say hi to Sue . Sue slide the yearbook back across the table to Chris , who examine it : CHRIS ( continue ) hey , be that it ? just Sue snell ? billy goons into frame next to Chris , glomm he arm around she neck . billy hey , suze . CHRIS I think we be go anyway , right , billee ? billy sure thing , Charlie . Chris playfully jab he in the rib . sue you mean crash ? CHRIS sure , why not ? hey , listen , I have get a good one . " rose be red , violet be blue , sugar be sweet , but carrie White eat shit . " billy , goon that he be , crack up . Sue find it not at all funny , but do not know exactly what to do about what she 's feel . sue Chris , I have get to go . a new tune come on the juke ­ shirley and company whooping it up on " shame , shame , shame . " CHRIS ( oblivious , she laughter turn to fury ) that goddamn carrie ! if only the rest of you have walk out with I ... Jesus , Sue , why do not you ? 50 sue I take the detention because I think we ­ I ­ earn it . it be a shitty thing to have do . end of statement . CHRIS bullshit ! that goddamn snerd and she batshit mother ­ say we be all go to hell . sue ( rise ) what would she ever do to you , Chris ? or to any of we ? why do you hate she so much ? CHRIS hey , hey ... tell I if I be wrong , but who be that n there pitching with the rest of we ? sue me. ( it come out a pinch nerve ) me. but I stop . CHRIS ( dawn on she ; get it finally ) oh . oh , be not you just it ? oh , my , yes . ( imitate ; prissy ) you stop . hey , billee , she stop . Sue be scared now ­ she hear it come . there 's no question about it , though ; the rumble have already begin , and there 's no stop what 's come . CHRIS ( continue ) God , I be dumb sometimes . billee , hey , billee , do you want to know why suze here do not walk out ? billy 's over by the pinball machine with some of he goon squad . he boastfully strut around ­ much to they obvious delight ­ make the sound of a chicken in reply . 129 sue ­ close see this ; feel it all about to lurch out of control and turn against she . the bottom 's fall out . 51 sue I will see you around , Chris . 130 two shot ­ sue and CHRIS featuring Chris prominently ­ a bloodhound now sure of the scent . CHRIS no. wait . you stop , remember ? so just stop again . ( uglier ) why do not you walk out ? why do not you walk out , Sue ? sue okay , Chris . that 's enough . CHRIS you do not walk out , Sue ... little suze ... little suzy creamcheese ... because you do not want to miss a moment of you precious prom . bull -eye . Sue fight back the tear and fury , tremble now . but she try to muster up some dignity . sue and you do not ? CHRIS ( not about to be put off ) you be goddamn right , I do not . but we be on you case now . ( beat ) I will bet you have get you dress all pick out , too . what color be it ? yellowgut ? she 's about to break , hold it in as best she can . Chris just as quickly as she spot the weakness , shut it off , bottle up all the rage into he cruelest stainless - steel smile she can muster . CHRIS ( continue ) okay . ( dismissively ) see you around , Sue . and that 's it ­ shut up , shut down , shut out . 52 Sue turn and start to walk out of the cavalier . in the background behind she , it 's all out of focus , a incoherent babble of snicker and cluck laughter . she 's cross the line . dissolve to : 131 ext . athletic field ­ day Sue sit in the bleacher overlook the field . she be preoccupy , still shake by the afternoon 's confrontation with Chris . the track team be move past the bleacher ( a coach in the field clocking they and shouting order ) . Tommy , in he track uniform , peel away from the group and come run up to Sue . tommy hi! sue I want to talk to you . tommy sure , what 's up ? to avoid the noise of the cheerleader practice down in front of they , and the other girl sit in the bleacher half watch they boyfriend and half eyeing Tommy and Sue , Sue beckon Tommy to follow she away from the group behind the bleacher , and as they walk off together we hear the follow : sue if I ask you to do something for I ­ something special ­ would you ? tommy ( nodd ) uh-huh . sue no matter how crazy it sound ? tommy sure . what ? the sound be muffle , and we do not hear what she say . but we do hear : tommy ( continue ; explode ) be you out of you mind ? 53 CUT to : 132 ext . van nuy boulevard ­ night a big hangout - cruise night on the boulevard . neon , convertible , " rebel without a Cause " meet " american graffiti " seventies - style . in other word , the work -- with music . 133 ext . intersection ­ night as a ' 61 chevy leave a sizeable patch of rubber on the street as it grind to a hard stop , just barely halting before it almost go through a red light and collide with the traffic already in the intersection . 134 int . the chevy which belong to the aforementioned billy nolan ­ a character whose life and brain stop around the time he see " rebel " on television . he 's Chris 's boyfriend , and a huge cross swing around he neck . right now , he 's utterly amused by he harrowing drive , and turn to Chris who ignore he , still brood over she afternoon loss . billy take a huge toke from a joint and hand it to she ; she ignore that too , and proceed to busy herself apply makeup in the visor window . so billy look out he window and strike up some banter with a fellow cruiser idling beside they at the light . the light change , and billy peel out ­ a action with throw Chris backwards onto the seat . CHRIS goddamnit , billy ! he just laugh as he weave through traffic . CHRIS ( continue ) slow down ! ( as he pay no heed ) slow down , you stupid shit ! billy scare , chuckie ? CHRIS no . you will kill we , you stupid shit ! billy lazily slap she , speed up . 54 billy do not call I that . CHRIS stupid shit . he slap she again . CHRIS ( continue ; under she breath ) stupid shit . billy ( disgustedly ) oh wow ! he slam on the brake , and pull into : 135 ext . carney' ( sunset blvd . ) ­ downward angle ­ night looking down on a parking lot where car be park ; a huge pullman 's car which have be convert into a restaurant . this after-school hangout be call the cavalier . 136 int . chevy as billy reach over , very confidently , to draw Chris to he . she let herself be kiss , then pull away abruptly . he grab at she , and she pull away . billy what 's wrong ? CHRIS can not you wait a minute ? billy what for ? CHRIS you be so ignorant . billy that 's what you like . 55 CHRIS bullshit . billy no ? I will show you what you like , chuckie . grab . CHRIS no . billy Jesus . grab . CHRIS no ! she push he away . he grab she . she push ; he grab . a struggle . grab at she tit . there go the blouse ; the button be rip off . billy ... how you ... gonna ... explain that ... CHRIS Dumb shit ! he slap she . billy what would I tell you ? silence . then , after some time , he lean over and kiss she . she let he . he kiss she again , and she respond . he go at it . and she squirm away . billy ( continue ) Hell be this ? CHRIS I want you to do something . 56 billy | what ? ( eagerly ) yeah , what ? CHRIS I want you to do something for I . something important . billy ( warily ) something important ? CHRIS it will be very important to I . it will make I feel very good if you do it . she move closer to he . her hand dip down out of frame . she blow in he ear . billy be beginning to writhe ; he move in on she , but she hold he off , play he like a puppet . CHRIS ( continue ) billy , I hate carrie White . CUT to : 137 television screen on which we see the open , helicopter - credit-sequence from " duel at Diablo . " the television be in : 138 int . snell live room ­ night where the movie 's SOUND continue uninterrupted for a bit over a incredible silence between Tommy and Sue . they be sit on a couch . the silence be finally break by a reluctant : tommy okay . I will do it . and we : dissolve to : 57 139 int . white hallway ­ night Margaret slowly open the door to carrie 's room and enter . Light filter in from the street . carrie be lie in bed , motionless , asleep . Margaret cross the room quietly . she lean over the bed . on the table next to it be the glow - in- the-dark statue ­ not in its usual place on the dresser . carrie 's face , in the soft light , seem very innocent . margaret ( low ) carrie , do you pray ? no answer . Margaret bend over carrie . and with surprising tenderness , she kiss carrie 's forehead . the she straighten up quickly , as though she have violate herself , and leave the room . carrie open she eye . she pull a book out from under the cover ; then she stare at the madonna-child figurine , it begin to glow brighter and brighter , illuminate the room . it 's bright enough to read by now , and we leave carrie expand she education and : dissolve to : 140 int . school library ­ day as carrie examine a shelf of book with title like " cosmic consciousness " and r.d . ogilve 's " Hidden power of the mind . " she decide on the latter just as a voice startles she : tommy' voice carrie ? carrie ohuh ? she stare at he and quickly cover the bind of the book with she hand , cover the title . he look as startle as she do . tommy how're you do ? carrie ( after a beat ; almost inaudibly ) okay . 58 it 's harder than he think it would be ; just try to make small talk be agonizing . but try it , he do : tommy I think you have gym this period . all she can do be shake she head . and a young man not easily deterr , he try again . tommy ( continue ) what be you read ? carrie ( try to cover , and not very well ) it 's about ... um .. sewing ... right . check and stalemate . which bring he to : tommy umm ... if you do not have a date for the prom , would you want to go with I ? carrie what ? tommy the prom ... without say a word , carrie walk down the aisle of book shelf . he follow she into the main room where student be read , work . tommy ( continue ) ... it 's next Friday , and I know this be later notice , but they stop sell ticket soon , and ­ the bell ring . carrie I do not like to be trick . a couple of student stare at Tommy talk to carrie as they start leave the library . tommy carrie ... 59 but it 's too late ­ she 's go , already out the door . CUT to : 141 int . hall ­ tracking ­ day as Tommy weave through the crowd after she . gangly GEORGE dawson spot he : GEORGE hey , Ross ! but Tommy ignore he in he singular pursuit . tommy hey , carrie ! wait ! a couple of other student watch this ­ be this they Tommy Ross actually try to speak with carrie ? but he 's oblivious of any look now , any snicker ­ all he want be to catch up with carrie . which he do ; he manage to touch she arm , and it 's a weird moment , this contact . she turn around , she head painfully duck down . tommy ( continue ) hey , it 's no big deal . and she look up and stare at he with that peculiar intensity that cut through all the clamor around they . quiet , quietly : carrie do you people think you can just go on trick I forever ? a beat . Tommy stand there helpless , sense just how much of a big deal it be . see that she 's on the verge of tear , he 's feel even worse , and all he can say be : tommy sorry . but it 's too little , and too late . she 's cry . and what 's more , she 's go ­ swallow up into the clamor of student rush to beat the bell . which ring as we : dissolve to : 60 142 int . girl ' locker room ­ afternoon as Collins tidy up after one of the class ­ throw towel into huge can , etc . only to hear a mew , whimper sound and come upon carrie who 's huddle in one of the dark corner of the room , cry . it 's almost as if she create she own closet of space . collin carrie ? ( on no response ) carrie , what 's the matter ? ( on still no response ) be it one of the girl ? do one of the girl do something to you ? do you want a kleenex ? carrie no . collin it 's all right . just tell I , there 's nothing to be afraid of . carrie miss Collins ... collin that 's it ... carrie when can I come back to gym ? collin not until Monday . now what be it ? be you go to tell I ? come on , carrie , tell I . carrie I get ask to the prom . collin that 's great ! carrie Tommy Ross ask I . collin Tommy Ross ­ that 's wonderful . he 's cute . 61 carrie I know who he go around with . they be try to trick I again . I know . collin maybe he really mean it . I mean , maybe he really do mean it . maybe you should think about it . it might be really fun . you might have a really good time ! carrie it would be a nightmare . collin c'mon , carrie . you should have a better image of yourself . you just think you be unattractive , but look at you hair . it 's really beautiful . if you just fix it up a little ... here , I will show you . CUT to : 143 omit 144 int . faculty lounge ­ day where Collins and Morton be grab a quick cup of coffee . collin carrie 's be ask to the prom . morton who ? collin carrie White . morton by whom ? the beak ? collin by Tommy Ross . Morton go into a cough fit , accidentally knock over he coffee in the process . Collins watch , slightly amused by he reaction . when he recover : morton what about he girlfriend ? do not he date the little snell girl ? 62 collin I think she put he up to it . 145 int . office ­ day where Collins be grill a very nervous Sue ­ just Sue so far . collin who 's brainstorm be this ? ( no response ) what be you try to do ? sue you have get it wrong . collin I hope so . I would not have expect this from you , Sue . not any of it . well ? sue what do you want to know ? collin why Tommy ask she to the prom . ( after a beat ) well ? sue ( reluctant ; able to go this far ) I ask he to . collin why ? sue ( swallow ) I ask he to . collin but , in God 's name , what for ? what could you possibly have in mind ? 146 different angle ­ featuring tommy who 's also in the office for this interrogation ­ ill at ease , try to appear cool . 63 sue you mean what good would it do ? maybe it will ... bring she out of ... make she a ... collin a part of thing ? oh , come on , Sue . none of we be that stupid . and neither be carrie . sue maybe not . collin and you be not go to go ? you be go to stay home and miss you senior prom ? just as this point , norma watson ­ a prissy little pleaser with a mouth whose verbal discretion could make the telephone obsolete ­ enter the room with a sheaf of attendance sheet for the next week . all conversation cease . collin ( continue ) yes , Norma ? what be it ? norma just the attendance sheet , miss Collins . collin just leave they on the desk . ( to Sue ) you understand , you can not come without a date ? Sue understand perfectly well , but with Norma there , she 's not about to say a word . and Collins finally pick up on this : collin ( continue ) be there something else , Norma ? norma ( butter could melt ) no , miss Collins . and she exit as slowly as she can ­ try to hear the last possible word . then : 64 collin ( to Tommy ) which bring we to you . tommy miss Collins , I have to get to practice . collin that 's too bad . tommy look , this be between Sue and I . if you do not mind ... collin oh , but I do . or would you rather we continue this discussion in Mr. Morton 's office ? tommy ( bluff ; then off-handedly ­ like we first see he in fromm 's class ) what 's the big deal ? collin because it 's a very big deal for carrie White . and you know it . tommy anyway , she 's already say no . sue you can make she change she mind . tommy do not overrate I . collin just do not try . tommy okay . sue it 's not okay . ( to Collins ) you can not order anyone not to take someone to the prom . collin 65 I can make sure you do not hurt carrie . sue we be not try to hurt she . we be try to help she . collin how ? silence . collin ( continue ) Tommy , when you come to the prom with carrie White , do not you think you will look a little ridiculous ? tommy well ... sue we do not care how we look . Sue look over at Tommy . sue ( continue ) do we ? Tommy say nothing ; he 's catch between a rock and a hard place . dissolve to : 147 ext . white house ­ day as Tommy 's volkswagen park across the street , Tommy get out and approach the White house . carrie be inside , watch he come up the stair . she remain on the hall side of the screen door . tommy so this be where you live . carrie what ... what be you do here ? 66 tommy ( laugh ) be not you go to ask I in ? she shake she head ; he laugh again , a little nervously . throughout this scene in which he remain on the porch side of the screen door , he catch glimpsis of the weird house within . tommy ( continue ) why not ? carrie momma 's rest . what do you want ? tommy right to the point , huh ? okay , about the prom . carrie I already tell you . tommy ( a little charm ) nothing to stop you change you mind . Girls do it all the time . carrie why be you do this ? tommy hey , I be ask you because I want to . carrie no . tommy look , I do not do anything I do not want to . carrie I can not . tommy sure you can . in the background ­ in the kitchen , perhaps ­ Margaret call out carrie 's name . 67 carrie glance nervously behind she ; then back at Tommy . carrie you better go . margaret' voice carrie ! who be you talk to ? tommy do not you think you better answer ? carrie no one , momma . tommy you be go with I . carrie I can not . tommy you be go . carrie they will laugh . tommy no one will laugh . we will see to it . carrie please . please go . tommy not `til you say yes . carrie swipe at she eye with the back of she hand ; helpless , honest , confuse . she would really like to go at this point , but that extra sense in she be resisting . carrie why ? why be it so important to you ? tommy I do not know . maybe it 's because you like my poem . 68 margaret ( o.s. ) carietta !!! and in just this split second , she decide ; have he not " like " she poem , have Margaret not call , perhaps she could have hold back . carrie yes . ( beat ) okay . tommy I will pick you up at eight . carrie ( whisper ) Fine . ( then ) thank you . Tommy smile at she and , turn to leave , touch she hand against the screen door . a goodbye , nothing more . he go down the walk toward he car . 149 carrie watch he . she take the hand he " touch " and brushes the hair back from she face . a little beautiful ? you bet . margaret' voice carrie ? do you hear I ? carrie come , momma . come . and as she turn away from the door , we : CUT to : 150 int . gym ­ afternoon sue why not ? helen why do you do it ? God , everyone 's talk . 69 we pull back to see the gym . the entire back wall have be devote to a giant mural of star and planet ­ it seem the prom be to have a celestial theme , and the gymnasium be in the process of be hang with a great deal of crepe paper , moon , etc . sue I ask Tommy to take carrie . I think I owed she that much . helen where do that put the rest of we ? sue you have to make up you own mind . helen and Tommy go along with it ? sue uh-huh . ( pause ) I guess the other kid think I be stick -up . helen well ... they be all talk about it . but most of they still think you be okay . 151 helen' Pov ­ the gym ­ CHRIS and norma watson as thick as thief , off in the corner , whisper . 152 two shot ­ sue and helen helen there be ... ( giggle ) ...a small dissent faction . sue I guess she 's have a field day with this . helen susie , she hate you gut . Sue nod ­ she know it , now she hear it . 70 153 ext . white house ­ evening full frontal view of thee bungalow in the frame . the light be on downstairs ; there 's a slight drizzle and haze . hold , then : CUT to : 154 int . white kitchen as carrie and Margaret finish dinner . silence ­ punctuate only by the slight drizzle outside and occasional flash of thunder and lightning . then : margaret you have not touch you pie , carrie . carrie it make I have pimple , momma . margaret you pimple be the Lord 's way of chastise you . carrie momma ? margaret yes ? carrie momma , please see that I have to start to get ... to try and get along with people . margaret whatever be you go on about ? have you be shower with the other girl again ? carrie I ... I have be invite to the prom . margaret ( a foreign language ) prom ? carrie it 's next Friday , and ­ 71 margaret it 's that teacher , the one that call . she will be sorry . carrie momma , please see that I be not like you . I be funny , I mean , the kid think I be funny . I do not want to be . I want to try and be a whole person before it 's too late to ­ Margaret throw she cup of tea in carrie 's face . it 's cold , wet , sticky . but carrie hold herself in , she 's go to be in charge this time . she take a deep swallow and continue : carrie ( continue ) his name be Tommy Ross , and he 's a very nice boy . he 's ­ margaret no ! carrie -- promise to stop in and meet you before , and ­ margaret ( overlap ) -- I say no ! carrie -- have I in by midnight . I have ­ margaret ( shaking she head now ; uncontrollable ) no , no , no ­ carrie -- accept . pause . Margaret 's shaking with fury , tremble . carrie wipe the stringy wet hair from she forehead . carrie ( continue ) I have accept , momma . I have accept . 72 margaret the closet . carrie no . margaret after all you have be teach ­ carrie everyone be not bad , momma , everything be not sinful . margaret go to you closet and pray . ask to be forgiven ! carrie you will like this boy , he .... and Margaret at this word shift gear and wind up ­ in the grip of a weird babble . margaret boy . yes , boy come next . after the blood , the boy come . like sniff dog ... carrie momma ­ margaret ... grin and slobbering , try to find out where the smell come from , where the smell be . that ... smell ! carrie please stop ... margaret yes , in car . yes . I know where they take you in they car . roadhouse . Music . whiskey . I have see it , all right . oh , yes . carrie momma , you better stop . margaret you be not go . 73 carrie I have already say I would , momma . margaret then say no . say no . or we will move . carrie no . margaret we will move from here and you will never see that boy again . a gust of wind cause the window to blow open . Margaret get up and start toward the window . carrie be silent , watch herself be shut out . margaret ( continue ) the rain 's come in . carrie momma , sit down . margaret I be go to close the window . carrie I will get they . please sit and talk to I . margaret no . Margaret continue toward the kitchen window to close it . carrie knit she brow , and flex , the window close . Margaret whip around , face carrie . carrie I be go , momma . and thing be go to change around here . flex . the SOUND of a window shutting in another room . 74 margaret witch ! flex . another window . margaret ( continue ) it 's Satan 's power . first he enter you father , carry he off ... carrie he run away , momma . everyone know that . flex . a couple of window . margaret the devil tempt he . carrie he run away with a woman , momma . margaret all man be the same . that boy , he 's like all the rest , he do not ­ flex . the rest of the window in the house thunder shut . carrie I do not care . he ask I to go . and I be go . I be go , momma . you can not stop I . hold ­ slow dissolve to : 155 &amp ; 156 omitted 75 157 ext . road ­ night lead to henty 's farm . a slight drizzle ; or , the ground be still wet . a little more than a crescent moon silhouettes a group of five : billy and Chris in front , and billy 's twitchy zoo ­ a completely wreck kenny garson , a very nervous freddy do lois , and a occasionally giggle , goggle henry trennant ­ trail behind . De lois be swinging a nine-pound sledge- hammer in the air ; the other two goons be struggle with a ice- chest and steel pail . henty 's farmhouse and barn be in the distance . do lois Hell of a risk for a joke . trennant giggle inanely . billy stop and glare at De lois . billy you want out ? do lois ( hastily ) no , uh-uh . ( then ) it 's a good joke , billy . trennant giggle again . garson be stone silly ­ zonk , deadpan . he greedily suck the last remnant of a joint into oblivion before we eye . De lois angrily snatch the roach out of garson 's finger . do lois ( continue ) hey , piggie ... trennant just giggle inanely . another long beat , then : do lois ( continue ) you sure Old man henty will not be around ? 76 CHRIS I tell you . he 's at a funeral . trennant explode into a fit of high - pitch laughter . billy shut up , Henry . do lois whose funeral do he go to ? billy his mother 's . do lois his mother 's ? Jesus Christ , she musta be older than God ! trennant lurch into another cackle . and in spite of themselves , billy and Chris start laugh , too . even De lois start laugh . the group pass a " no trespass " sign , prompt : do lois ( continue ) the bastard be go to shit where he stand when he come back and get a look . garson drop one of the pail on the ground . billy asshole . the sound of trennant 's high - pitch giggle . dissolve to : 158 chris' Pov ­ the hog pen and overlap into the harmonic chant of De lois , trennant and garson : the boy soo-ee , soo - ee pig-pig-pig ... soo-ee , soo - ee pig-pig-pig ... 77 and a old sleep boar and two sow be gradually revealed . 159 full shot ­ panning the face of five ­ coming to rest on De lois . do lois doan worry , piggy , doan worry . I be gonna bash you fuckin ' head in , and you woan have to worry `bout the bomb no more . billy shut up and do it already . do lois I will , I will . I be not gonna give `em time to burp . billy the throat . but it 's too late . De lois have lose all conviction . do lois I ... can not . ( then ) you . he hand the sledge hammer to billy . Chris , chill to the bone , rub herself to keep warm . CHRIS do it , billy . billy touch the ball of he thumb to the edge of the sledge hammer . CHRIS ( continue ) do it quick . and billy smile . yes , he actually smile . as he raise the sledge hammer , we go to : black fade in : 78 160 ext . the white house ­ afternoon the sun be shine ­ perhaps the next day , a day later . the house be a picture postcard ­ under it , we hear the sweet , muffle sound of " amazing Grace . " it 's just loud enough for we to hear it ­ joyous , triumphant . dissolve to : 160a . int . white live room ­ afternoon Margaret sit beneath the plaster crucifix . the sampler , however , sit in she lap ­ unfinish , unmind . she 's virtually catatonic . " amazing Grace " ­ a sweet , contemporary rendition ­ be on the webcor . a pleasure after Kathryn kuhlman . carrie sit at the sewing machine , finish work on the pattern for she prom dress . she remove the material from the sewing machine , which we now see be a lush crush velvet . margaret Red . I might have know it would be red . the cuckoo clock be ticking , ticking . carrie stare at Margaret , then turn the sewing machine off . she look back at Margaret , then turn she attention to the machine , she eye sparkling . courtesy of carrie , the treadle on the machine depress itself . the needle start to bob up and down , up and down , up and down ... whirring , jerk . the side wheel spin . and then stop . carrie ( softly ) only clear the thread , momma . she smile . then rise and go to start up the stair to she room . Margaret look after she . hate . and fear . margaret ( abruptly ) it 's Satan . 79 carrie pause . carrie ( wearily ; pity ) oh , momma . margaret he have give you a power . carrie momma , it do not have anything to do with Satan . it 's I . if I concentrate hard enough , I can make thing move . margaret Satan be clever . carrie momma , there be other people ... people with the power ... it 's a part of I . margaret Satan ... carrie if it be , I would know it . margaret you poor child . he do not let you know he 's work through you . carrie momma , I would know . margaret you be to renounce this power . you must give it up . you must never use it . carrie I be go to do my homework , momma . another step up the stair , stop as Margaret hurl after she . margaret there 's go to be a judgement ! there 's nothing more to say . carrie walk up to the stair , and we : dissolve to : 80 161 int . gymnasium ­ night very dark , shadowy , desert . the night before the prom . silence , then a scraping sound of a : 162 window be jimmied open . behind the thick glass , we see a face ­ just whose be not clear yet . the slip-lock come free , the sill be be push up , and billy 's head appear . Chris be right behind he . 163 long shot ­ the gym as a flashlight be shine upwards ­ at the criss -crossing girder sheathed in crepe paper ; at bank of light which will later be use to shine down and highlight two area in particular ­ the huge wall mural and the chalk - in spot where the King and Queen of the prom will be crown . 164 two shot ­ billy and CHRIS dollying right behind they as they proceed toward the stage area ­ past the numerous table set up for the prom-goer , past the twin bandstand . billy be carry the ice chest , Chris the flashlight . 165 another angle as they arrive behind the stage . billy put the chest down and take out a pair of playtex rubber glove , snap they on . then he take out two small pulley and a coil of twine . 166 CHRIS ' Pov ­ billy look somewhat like a bizarre mountaineer , climb a ladder which take he up to a narrow platform overlook the stage area . 167 closeup ­ CHRIS shine the flashlight to guide billy , she face flushed with excitement . 168 billy as he disappear behind a short draw curtain which obscure the girder over the stage . 169 CHRIS 81 unable to see he , suddenly feel very alone . CHRIS what 's it like up there ? ( no response ) billee ? ( no answer ; genuinely scared ) billy ! and just at that moment , a piece of crepe paper float into the frame and land in Chris 's hair . she jump , utterly unnerve . she look up to see billy stare down at she from the platform , grin . billy boo. CHRIS you stupid shit . billy ( still in good humor ) Nice talk . CHRIS hurry up . do you hear I , just hurry up . billy ( blackface ) yes 'um . yes 'um . weeze do the best we can . CHRIS I want to go home . billy just keep you tit on and I will let you pull it when the time come . CHRIS I plan to . dissolve to : 82 170 a series of scene ­ leading to the prom cutting between the final arrangement for the prom itself and carrie 's preparation as the night approach . the emphasis be on this two parallel element , although this montage ­ score throughout with happier and happier music ­ will also feature some of we lesser character . among other thing , we will see : a ) the gym ­ as last - minute arrangement be make ­ more crepe paper hang , party favor put on table , etc . ; B ) carrie ­ in a town store as she shop for makeup ; C ) norma watson ­ under a hair dryer , she mouth go a mile a minute as a manicurist do she nail and look utterly exhaust ; D ) tommy ­ pick out carrie 's corsage at the florist ; E ) carrie ­ at the sewing machine , finish she dress ( which we still do not see ) , a happy look on she face ; F ) the gym ­ as a bank of light suddenly illuminate the mural on the stage wall ; G ) sue ­ have dinner with she parent h ) the twins ­ in front of they dress table ; both of they put on enormous fake eyelash simultaneously ; I ) ernest ­ the class president ­ make sure the microphone on the stage work ; J ) the band ­ among they , the beak , set up ; k ) sandra stenchfeld , practice she fabulous twirling baton act ; L ) a door ­ which open to reveal the twin in they high heel , both of they several inch taller than they depressed - look date ; m ) GEORGE and frieda ­ he in he tuxedo , she in she prom dress ; a flash as freida 's parent take a Polaroid of this night to remember ; N ) the gym ­ with the adult chaperone ­ teacher , administrator ­ stand around , look for something to do . 83 it be now the night of the prom ­ just minute before it officially begin , we end this montage and : dissolve to : 171 int . carrie' room ­ night carrie sit in front of that same mirror , but this time , there 's a different attitude . and a different girl , which please she . she look different , very different , from before . she 's dress in she lush red crush velvet prom dress , but the shot be angle in such a way that we do not see it . in any case , it be not prim . she be wear some makeup . she look ... well , there have be a transformation . in the background , the door be open by Margaret . carrie come in , momma . Margaret advance into the room . carrie open a florist box and take out a lovely corsage of tiny tea rose . carrie do you want to pin it on , momma ? margaret I can see you dirtypillow . everyone will . carrie breast , momma , breast . every woman have they . carrie 's voice be calm ; nothing , not even Margaret , will spoil tonight , and ever so slightly , this scene ­ and all that follow for a considerable period of time ­ have a edge of unreality to it . it 's all be diffuse a bit ­ a fairy tale through carrie 's eye . what would look bad or tacky look acceptable ; what look good before now look spectacular . margaret take off that dress . carrie no . 84 margaret we will burn it together , we will pray for forgiveness . carrie no , momma . the Black Forest cuckoo clock sing out downstairs . it 's eight o'clock . margaret he 's not come . carrie stop it , momma . I be nervous enough . Margaret reach up and pinch she cheek hard , leave a red mark . she look toward carrie . carrie be pin the tea rose on herself . Margaret hook she right hand into a claw , rip at she cheek , leave a thin line of blood . carrie stop hurt yourself , momma . that 's not go to stop I either . Margaret strike herself in the mouth with she fist . carrie go away , momma . margaret you know I be right . he will laugh at you . they will all laugh at you . carrie no . it will be okay . bur she 's rattle , and nervously start move around a series of object in the room . cosmetics on the bureau , the florist box , the glow - in- the-dark statue . but it 's sheer will at this point . it 's after eight , and there 's no sign of Tommy . margaret it 's not too late . you can stay here with I . carrie no . 85 margaret I will answer the door and say you be sick , I will say ­ carrie momma , sit on the bed . flex . Margaret be push back on the bed . horrify , she rise again . margaret I will say that you change you mind , I will say ­ flex . Margaret be thrust back on the bed . margaret ` thou shalt not suffer a witch to live . ' the word stop . but Margaret 's eye be fix on carrie , as carrie lean toward she . carrie 's voice be soft and compassionate . carrie you will say nothing , momma . you be go to have to learn that I be not like you , not anymore . the buzzer downstairs sound . carrie go to she window and see : 172 carrie' Pov ­ tommy at the front door , the overhead light shine on he hair , make it glisten . he look very handsome . 173 carrie she go back to the bed and pick up she wrap ; then , to Margaret : carrie I will be home early , momma . the buzzer downstairs sound again . margaret there 's go to be a judgement ! 86 carrie momma , you will be quiet until I be go . ( beat ; then , at the door ) I love you , momma . and she 's go , down the 174 stair , live room , to the front door ­ tracking carrie who open the door . 175 angle on tommy well , we know he 's beautiful . and he 's look at carrie . he do not know : 176 carrie ­ tommy' Pov he do not know she could be beautiful . and she be . 177 tommy and carrie he reach out he hand . tommy hi. carrie take he hand . 178 ext . white house ­ night Hand in hand , carrie and Tommy walk down the path toward he car . they be observe by : 179 margaret at the window of carrie 's room . 180 int . carrie' room ­ night Margaret leave the window as we hear Tommy 's car drive off . she go out of the room . 87 181 tracking margaret down the stair , through the dining room , into the kitchen . almost the same path that carrie trod , but trod so differently . while carrie 's pace have be light , nervously expectant , Margaret 's be slow and heavy . 182 int . white kitchen ­ night Margaret cross to one of the drawer . she reach in and take out a long carve knife ; it gleam in the light . CUT to : 183 ext . school parking lot ­ night the school gymnasium be light up brightly for the prom ; car be pull in , among they , Tommy 's Ford . 184 int . tommy' car as Tommy turn off the ignition . carrie 's stare at the other couple get out of they car . Tommy watch she take it all in . carrie it 's like a dream . tommy you can still change you mind , you know . she turn to he and realize he 's teasing she . carrie easier say than do . tommy ( grin ) c'mon . carrie no . please ­ not yet . tommy scare ? 88 carrie yes . ( beat ) can we sit here another minute ? Tommy laugh and nod . a moment of silence . carrie be miserable ­ she 's happy to be with Tommy , she 's try to have a good time , but it 's hard . it 's like get up to dance the first time . perhaps it would be better to sit this one out . carrie Tommy ... ( and then out it come ) maybe ... maybe this be a mistake . tommy hey , it will not be so bad . she try to smile at he . it 's not very persuasive . tommy really , I mean it . they be okay , you will see . ( beat ; she 's try to believe he ) do not be nervous . besides ... ( a little self - mock ) I would look awfully silly dance by myself . and that 's just enough ­ he 's take she mind off she own fear just enough to make she laugh . CUT to : 185 int . gym where the prom be already under way , the band playing a energetic version of " harlem nocturne . " from carrie 's Pov it 's all magic ­ explosion of pastel color , everyone look like they step out of a advertisement for happiness . carrie just stand at the double - door which be the main entrance to the gym , take it all in as Tommy hand they ticket to usher at the door . as carrie stare at the giant mural on the stage wall ­ full of celestial moon , star and rocket ­ a voice bellow out behind she . voice hey , Ross . gawd , you look queer . 89 186 GEORGE dawson the source of the salutation and Tommy 's best friend . he bound into frame , wear a T-shirt with a paint black tie under he dinner jacket . his girlfriend , frieda Jason , tag behind . tommy when do you come out of the treetop , bomba ? GEORGE Ross , if I would know you be go to look this good , I would have ask you instead of frieda . the two boy immediately go into a mock fight . frieda come up to carrie . frieda do not let it bother you . if they destroy each other , I will dance with you . carrie smile back at she nervously ; there 's a awkward silence . frieda hey , where would you buy you dress ? I love it . carrie ( shyly ) I make it . frieda ( unaffected surprise ) make it ? no shit . carrie hesitates ; realize frieda be quite sincere . carrie no shit . frieda laugh ; so do carrie , and the tension ease up . behind they , Tommy keep one eye on carrie . he shrug ­ it 's work , goddammit ­ and he stuff he hand into he dinner jacket . 187 another angle ­ the gym carrie and frieda , Tommy and George right behind they , head for they table . 90 frieda the mural 's nice . carrie yes . ( confide ) I be really nervous . frieda s'okay . we be sit together . and she take carrie 's arm . Norma Watson rush over to they ­ all breathy taffeta and green chiffon . norma carrie ! ( look she up and down ) that 's a lovely dress , carrie . wherever do you get it ? carrie I make it . norma well , of course you do . I can not get over it , you look so different . you be positively glow . what 's you secret ? carrie I be Don maclean 's secret lover . norma ( a half - beat late , get it , tittering ) Don maclean 's secret ... how funny you be . ( cut she ) why , hello Tommy . be not you excited ? tommy cold sweat be run down my thigh in river . norma ( smile slip a full notch now ) well , I have to hurry back . Stan will think I get lose . 91 GEORGE ( King Kong ; right on top of she ) bom-ba ! norma ( tittering , move away smack into frieda ) and , frieda , do not you look nice . frieda ( toothpaste smile ) get douched , Norma . CUT to : 188 montage as the prom get underway : a ) josie and the moonglow ­ the band ­ make like lawrence welk and launch into a oldie-but-goodie . on drum ­ the beak himself . B ) the twins ­ cora and rhonda ­ dress identically , dance with C ) ernest peterson , the black class president , be wonderfully officious as he get the evening 's first entertainment organize . it ( or she ) be ­ D ) sandra stenchfield and she fabulous twirling baton act , a phenomenon to the lilt strain of " raindrop keep falling on my head . " E ) norma be off in a corner , bend another girl 's ear ; stan be stand idly by , pretend to be invisible . F ) morton , fromm and the other chaperone include miss fish look for something to do , for someone who 's step out of line . and find it . in the person of freddy do lois , who 's guzzle the punch . G ) tommy and carrie sit at they table next to GEORGE and frieda . Tommy light a candle . 189 angle ­ tommy and carrie' table as josie and the moonglow launch into a new number . George suddenly come to life . GEORGE viiibe ! he grab frieda , and they make they way out onto the dance floor , frieda shrugging helplessly at carrie . carrie they be nice . George be funny . 92 tommy he 's a good guy . ( beat ) see , do not I tell you ? ( beat ) sure you do not want to dance ? carrie could we just sit here for a minute ? Tommy nod ­ it 's okay with he . voice carrie ? carrie turn around and find herself face Collins ­ dress up , look more like one of the student than a teacher . carrie you look very pretty , miss Collins . collin thank you ( beat ) you too . beautiful . carrie it 's awfully nice of you to say so . I know I be not ... not really ... but thank you anyway . Tommy ­ feel like a fifth wheel ­ clear he throat and stand up . tommy `scuse I . ( to carrie ) be right back , okay ? he go off into the crowd . collin ( gesture to he seat ) May I ? carrie nod , and she sit down , pull the chair next to she . they be virtually alone at this moment ; everyone else be dance or occupy . 93 collin carrie , anything that happen before ... well , it 's all forget . I want you to know that . carrie I can not forget it . ( beat ) but it 's over with . it 's over . Collins smile ; she look at the dance floor and carrie 's eye follow hers . at this particular moment , the band be playing a quiet number ­ slow , romantic . collin I remember my own prom . I be two inch taller than the boy I go with when I be in my heel . he give I a corsage that clashed with my gown . but it be magic . I do not know why . but I have never have a date like it , ever since . be it like that for you ? carrie it 's very ... nice . collin ( smile ) just nice ? carrie no . there 's more . I do not know ... ( hesitate ; then ) ... it 's like be on Mars . collin you will never forget it . carrie I think you be right . and then , on sheer impulse , carrie reach out and hug she , hug she tightly . carrie thank you . collin have a lovely time , carrie . 94 tommy ( o.s. ) hey , what 's go on here ? there be Tommy , look " stern . " tommy ( to Collins ) what be you do with my date ? collin girl secret . a smile at carrie , and she go off . tommy do not let I catch you hugging any guy . carrie you will not . tommy better not . hey , listen , do you really have to be back so early ? carrie I promise . tommy okay . I understand . carrie I be sorry . tommy no , it 's okay . listen , the other kid be go over to Lewiston after the prom ­ carrie ( break in ) that 's okay . tommy what be ? carrie you want to go with you friend . I do not want to spoil anything ... 95 tommy hey , let I finish . what I be go to say , I mean if it would be alright with you , what do you say we go to the cavalier ? carrie ( surprised ; she would love to ) I have never be there . tommy hey , great . we will have the place all to ourselves . great ! ( he mean it ) then it 's settle . he take she arm , turn she toward the dance floor . carrie ( hold back ) Tommy ... tommy c'mon ... carrie I do not ... I can not ... I ... tommy you can . he have he arm around she and half -spin , half tug she out onto the floor . he be a young man of considerable confidence ­ the best part of he popularity ­ and it 's a contagious trait . gradually , carrie get catch up in the slow dance , begin to follow he less and less awkwardly , begin to get less and less self - conscious , and , in short , start to glide into she freedom . 190 a corner of the gym Tommy and carrie dance into this corner ; carrie be a bit breathless and very happy . for some moment , Tommy keep he arm around carrie , look at she . and then he lean forward , about to kiss she , impulsively . and impulsively and instinctively , she draw back . and be immediately embarrassed . tommy hey ... 96 carrie I be sorry . tommy I ... carrie it 's just ... tommy no harm , no foul . they stand there for a couple of second . and suddenly and swiftly , carrie kiss Tommy . it 's a quick , awkward , frighten kiss . a bird peck . and again they stand there , until : carrie I do not know ... anything . I can not dance ... tommy you dance . carrie I do not even know how to ... tommy it 's easy . and he kiss she . she break , look up at he . carrie Tommy ... why ? tommy why what ? carrie why be I here ? tommy it 's the prom . 97 carrie with you . tommy because I ask you . and ... carrie why ? why do you ? tommy because I want to . carrie why ? tommy because ... he pause ; he 's on the edge . and step back . tommy ... you like my poem . only I do not write it . someone else do . carrie oh. she 's puzzle . and she 's about to ask something else . tommy ( quickly ) look , carrie , we be here , we be together ... and I like it , you know ... I mean , I ... carrie but ... a commotion from the floor . Tommy turn . tommy hey , look ! carrie look off , follow he glance , at : 98 191 stage area ­ Pov as the head custodian supervise the slide of two throne from the wing onto pre-set mark on the stage apron . they be sheathed in white ­ strewn with crepe papers and flower to match the prom 's celestial theme . 192 carrie and tommy carrie ( uneasily ) it 's a fairy tale . tommy ( beam ; take she arm ) c'mon . he start to lead she towards they table while : CUT to : 193 ext . school ­ STREET ­ night Sue snell ­ unable to contain she curiosity about how all this have work out ­ pull up in one of she parent ' car , park , and deliberate come in . the light of the gymnasium be glow . while inside : 194 int . gym ­ stage area class president Ernest Peterson make he way to the microphone . he take all this quite seriously . ernest all right , lady and gentleman . take you seat , please ­ it 's time for the voting . norma this contest be a insult to woman ! a couple of cheer , scattered applause . GEORGE it insult man , too ! louder clapping , foot stomping , whistle . 99 ernest ( over the noise ) please take you seat . it 's time to vote for the King and Queen . several usher go up and down the aisle , pass out ballot . 195 angle ­ tommy and carrie' table as Norma Watson haughtily drop a ballot on they table in front of Tommy , another in front of George . carrie examine the paper . carrie Tommy ... ( look up to see he smile at she ) ... we be on here ! tommy I know . ( see she concern ) want to decline ? carrie do you want to ? tommy Hell , no . if you win , all you do be sit up there for the school song and one dance . and they put you picture in the yearbook so everyone can see we look like idiot . besides , it 's the last year . carrie look up at the stage ­ at the massive throne all in white . carrie they be beautiful . tommy you be beautiful . carrie meet he eye and blushes ; it 's all overwhelming she , and she have to look away ­ at the tiny party favor boat on the table in front of she , at the tiny pencil next to it . carrie who do we vote for ? they be more you crowd than mine . 100 tommy whatever you like . carrie in fact , I do not really have a crowd . tommy let 's vote for ourselves . to the devil with false modesty . she laugh aloud ­ the sound of she own laughter be so foreign to she that she clap a hand over she mouth , at she own dare . she take the pencil and quickly circle they name ­ so quickly that the pencil break , bring a small drop of blood to she finger . she gasp . tommy hurt yourself ? carrie no . ( try to smile ) but I break it and it be a souvenir . tommy there 's still you boat . ( he push it gently toward she ) toot , toot . 196 int . school ­ night as Sue ­ hardly in formal attire ­ stare through the same small window in the gym door that carrie stare through earlier ­ she stare inside as : 197 int . gym ­ stage area the ballot be be count , Morton and Fish help Ernest separate they into pile . we ought to notice either De lois or trennant hang around the voting table ­ perhaps Norma Watson as well . 198 angle ­ tommy and carrie' table carrie be hold Tommy 's hand tightly ­ too tightly . tommy hey , hey . carrie 101 sorry . tommy do not know you own strength . whew . he see she 's take he seriously . sensitive to she reaction , he smile at she . tommy hey , it 's okay . in the background josie and the moonglow provide a flourish of drum . 199 the stage as Ernest walk up to the microphone and almost drop the ballot in the process . ernest we have sort of hit a snag . Mr. Morton say this be the first time in the history of the spring prom that ­ voice how far do he go back ? 1800 ? laughter , catcall . ernest we have get a tie . GEORGE polka - dot or stripe ? ernest sixty - three vote for Frank grier and cora Wilson , and sixty - three vote for Tommy Ross and carrie White . silence , then the applause begin and start to swell as we ... CUT to : 200 tommy 's Pov ­ carrie a island in the applause around she , she head lower ... 201 tommy 102 watch she intently , he mouth slightly open ... 202 the stage ­ ernest vainly try to speak over the applause . ernest attention ! if I could have you attention , please ... 203 tommy and carrie Tommy still stare at she . ernest ( o.s. ) we be go to have a run-off ballot . when you get yours , please write the couple you favor on it . 204 carrie slowly look up , see Tommy . carrie they be not applaud for we . it can not be for we . tommy maybe it 's for you . CUT to : 205 CHRIS and billy just exactly where they be be not clear yet , nor should it be . but we do hear the prom noise . billy I think you say they would win . CHRIS they will . they will . wo not even be close . billy if you screw up ... CHRIS do not worry . I call in a few favor . 103 206 int . white house ­ night the black cuckoo clock ­ striking ten 207 int . white kitchen as Margaret , mumble to herself , with the fixate attention of the damned , continue to scrub a sliver of whetstone along the gleam edge of the knife 's blade . CUT to : 208 int . gym ­ carrie and tommy' table as new ballot arrive courtesy of Norma , who lean over they and whisper breathily : norma good luck ! as Tommy pick up the pencil , carrie put she hand on he . carrie do not . tommy what ? carrie do not vote for we . tommy in for a penny , in for a pound . that 's what my grandmother use to say . carrie ( swallow ) do not . please . Tommy hesitates for a second , see she face so full of premonition . then he overcome it , and scrawl they name on the slip of paper , fold it . tommy for you . he hand it to Norma Watson , and it 's off ­ spirite away , go . 104 tommy tonight you go first -class . carrie stare at the recede figure of Norma as if she be the messenger of doom . CUT to : 209 int . gym ­ voting table where we get a sense of exactly what Chris mean by favor as De lois , trennant , and a once again completely wreck Kenny garson plus Norma bring over more ballot . it 's not exactly what one would call a honest ballot . 210 gym door ­ Pov as Sue manage to slip by fromm , who 's still lazily monitoring the door . she start head for the backstage area , try to be as unobtrusive as possible . 211 norma at the voting table , she spy Sue come in , and find it irresistible , blurt out the news , whisper to : 212 morton who 's just finish the ballot count . he look in the direction that Norma 's point in , see : 213 sue go backstage , head into the wing to watch : 214 int . gym ­ the stage as Ernest return to the microphone . the band play another fanfare of drum . Ernest see this as he big moment ; he almost drop the ballot . he pause for a moment , surveying the gym floor and the anxious prom-goer . a actor savore the tension . then he smile , white tooth grin : ernest Tommy and carrie win . by one vote . begin slow motion 105 silence . everything a half - beat exaggerated , slowed . carrie gasp inwardly ; the candle in front of she blow out . Tommy grin , amused . he shrug he shoulder at carrie . and the applause begin ­ some of it , most of it , genuine , but some of it mock too . the band launch into a rock version of " pomp and circumstance . " usher appear at Tommy and carrie 's table . George be pound Tommy 's back . a aluminum foil scepter be thrust into Tommy 's hand ; a robe with a fur collar be thrust over carrie 's shoulder . 215 sue ­ stage wing peer out farther to get a good look . unseen at first by she , there 's a cord on the edge of the frame . 216 morton blocked by the clamor of the student , he 's unable to make a straight bee-line for Sue in the wing . so he take the long way around ­ back behind the stage ... 217 tommy and carrie dolly as they be lead down the center aisle ; past a blur of smile face , the applause swelling . they be be lead toward the stage area ­ the throne wait for they . the light get brighter ; the music get louder . 218 the bandstand as they pass by . the beak wind conspiratorially at carrie . 219 the stage as Tommy give carrie he hand , help she up the step , over tangles of black power cable . 220 beneath the stage where we finally reveal just where Chris and billy have be hide all this time . Chris listen to the footstep ( of carrie and Tommy ) come overhead ; grasp the cord that billy have hook up , hold it very tightly ... 106 221 carrie and tommy as they be help into the massive throne ; behind they be the huge mural of star and ship . 222 ernest the showman now , p.t. barnum in all of he expansiveness . 223 sue in the wing , watch this action . in the corner of the frame , the cord we glimpse earlier ­ the same one which Chris clutch beneath the stage ­ jiggle , and Sue notice it move . she trace its path with she eye , see that it go up to : 224 a bank of light conceal a single silver bucket ; meanwhile : 225 carrie stare down at the gym floor ; the light be searing ­ so hot and bright that it 's impossible to see clearly , and a new set of spotlight be shine on Tommy and she only make it harder . 226 another angle ­ carrie as a piece of crepe paper land in she hair ... 227 the student a sea of face , the spectrum of reaction . 228 ernest spread he arm ; a politician . ernest lady and gentleman , I give you he King and Queen of the spring prom ­ tommy ross and carrie white ! the Band start play the school song , and we ... CUT to : 107 229 sue in the wing the implication of the cord and bucket position over the throne just start to dawn on she as everyone begin sing the school song : all ( o.s. ) all rise for the John f. Kennedy hiyyyyh ... and a hand come into frame , clutching Sue 's wrist . it belong to : morton what be you do here , young lady ? sue ( try to head for cord under stage ) something 's wrong ! all ( o.s. ) we will raise you banner to the skyyyyh ... but Morton have no interest in what Sue be try to tell he : morton I will say there be . 230 another angle ­ carrie' Pov from the throne , she see Sue ­ and Morton and he pull she toward the back exit . 231 beneath stage Chris be almost hyperventilate as the school song continue . billy what 's the matter with you ? pull it ! Chris be freeze ­ immobilize , terrify . 232 carrie' Pov ­ sue as Morton firmly push Sue out the rear gym door . the door shut , and as it close : 233 carrie confused , wonder what 's happen in the glare of light and noise ... 108 234 ext . back of gym ­ sue lock out by Morton , try to get back in . the door will not open . she debate go to try another door . 235 under stage ­ CHRIS and billy as the song reach its crescendo : all ( o.s. ) with pride we wear the red and whyyyte ... billy ( leer ) it can stay there until hell freeze over , chuckie . Chris shudder involuntarily at the mention of this nickname . she violently jerk the cord with both hand , yanking it . a sound ­ half - scream , half - moan ­ come from she mouth , overlap into : 237 the steel bucket high above the stage , slowly tipping over , the blood pour from it . 238 long shot ­ the stage almost proscenium - like in this framing , from all the way in the back of the gym . carrie and Tommy sit on they huge throne as the bucket above they deposit they content on top of they . 239 closer the blood splash down ... 240 the mural some of it splattering on the celestial cyclorama , run downward , streaking ... 241 the band as more blood splatter they in they white dinner jacket , the music halting . 109 242 the stage end slow motion . Tommy and carrie , drench with blood . 243 CHRIS and billy ­ under the stage prepare to leave now that they mission have be accomplish , just about to crawl out as they spot : 244 morton ­ CHRIS and billy Pov realize they will have to stay put ­ trap now . CHRIS ( panicky ) billee !!! billy ( nervous too , hiss ) shut up ! they crawl back under the stage , out of sight . 245 int . gym ­ the student as the sing stop , the student stare at the stage . 246 carrie her eye tightly clench shut , look as if she 's be dip in a bucket of red paint . she 's get the worst of it . 247 the bucket dangle on the pulley over the throne , clanging back and forth . a high - pitch girl be voice scream . 248 tommy splatter with blood . below they , the sound of hysteria begin ( " my God , that 's blood ! " ) Tommy start toward carrie just as : 110 249 another angle ­ stage ­ featuring tommy as the bucket fall and hit Tommy on the head ; it knock he unconscious , and he slump to the floor . 250 the student ­ featuring helen shyre watch this in pure horror . she start to giggle uncontrollably , the kind of hysterical laugh that come out of pure terror . it overlap onto : 251 student ­ another angle ( S ) ­ swish pan as the hysteria begin to spread . 252 carrie as she start toward the unconscious Tommy . 253 the student as more of they start laugh ... the sound of it become contagious . 254 carrie hearing the dread laughter . 255 carrie' Pov ­ the student through the harsh glare of the light ­ laugh , point ( see Norma Watson ) , double up in hysteria , utterly out of control . 256 face , face , face laugh ... 256a billy and CHRIS reacting to they " success . " 257 carrie put she hand to she blood - cover face , slowly get to she foot . 258 the stage 111 as carrie make she way to the stair , trip over the black power cord . a horrify Collins be on she way up the stair . collin oh , carrie ­ let I help you . carrie hesitates at the sight of the teacher . but it 's too late for help , and in the fastest flex we have see to date , she jerk she head and Collins bounce backward ­ down the stair , slamm into a wall . 259 the student laugh harder now , unable to stop . 260 the gym ­ another angle where all be pandemonium . Morton make he way to Collins , give she he handkerchief ; she have a bloody nose . collin ( to Morton ) call the police ! 261 carrie tear stream down she face , the blood streaking , as she take in the sight of she tormentor . 262 the gym ­ yet another angle helen shyre be still laugh so hard that she 's about to throw up or go into shock . George Dawson have climb on the stage and be hunch over the slump figure of Tommy Ross , examine he . GEORGE call a doctor ! hey , call a doctor , quick ! he try to pick Tommy up , and in the process the throne topple over on the stage . 263 int . hall corridor ­ sue frantic , rush back into the school and down the hall toward the prom door . 112 264 carrie take a deep breath , muster she energy . she close she eye and see : 265 the gym door ­ three sets of double door all of they open , a few student milling around they as ... 266 carrie close she eye even tighter and flexe . and ­ in swish pan : 267 the door slam shut . in the process , several thing be accomplish at once . the prom-goer be trap inside , and one or two of they get they hand or leg catch in the door as they close , scream with surprise and pain . 268 int . hall ­ sue who once again be just a little late , arrive just as the door slammed shut ; she see the scream prom-goer unlucky enough to have be catch in the door . 269 int . gym utter pandemonium as student rush toward the door . 270 the beak near the bandstand area , look up at the stage and realize that it 's carrie who 's responsible for close the door . the beak it 's carrie ! it 's carrie ! fromm start head toward the stage to get control of the microphone , to stop the panic . the kid continue rush toward the close door . 271 carrie a small smile at be recognize by the beak as the one responsible , the one with the power now . it 's not what she want , but it no longer matter . they be go to know she now and never forget she . 113 272 carrie' Pov ­ gym wall between two set of double - door , featuring a huge firehouse install in case of a emergency . 273 carrie see the hose , get the idea ... note : split screen begin here . 274 closer as she eye narrow and focus on the hose , zeroing on it . 275 the hose as it start to unwind , to unspiral into the air , start to spray a burst of water . 276 the hose ­ another angle as it become snake- like , water spring from the nozzle . 277 the student cries of surprise as it begin to spray water on they , ruin they clothes . 278 the hose as the velocity of the water increase , stronger and stronger . 279 carrie eye gleam , a glimmer of triumph as she concentrate and survey ­ 280 the student like rat in a maze ­ a slapstick chaos as they try to get away from the animated hose . the water force the student back from the door , backwards toward the stage . 280a CHRIS and billy ­ under the stage as they see student propel toward they by the hose . 114 281 carrie a smile of satisfaction . for the first time , she 's show they ­ they be the one be make to look foolish . she 's stand on one side of the stage . 283 ernest level -headed to the end , make he way through the pandemonium toward the stage area and the bandstand as fast as he can ... 284 carrie still control the hose , she spot Ernest , see he move toward the stage area . 285 tracking ­ ernest know somehow ­ with some sixth sense ­ that carrie 's watch he . he feverishly hurry toward the area where the band equipment be plugge in ... where the high voltage cable be hook up to the electrical current . behind he , fromm have reach the microphone and be try to be hear , tell everyone to remain calm . 286 carrie realizing just what Ernest plan to do : carrie ( gently ; determine ) no . and she mentally fix on he , jerk she head just so ... so ­ 287 ernest be flung invisibly and forcibly away from the area by carrie 's will . 288 fromm Big belly and all , try to steady the mike . he put he hand on it . the water , however , have reach he , and just as he touch the mic , he 's electrocute ­ he arm burst into flame , unable to let go as he body go into a electric dance , he mouth gape open like a fish on land . 115 289 carrie watch this ; another flex , and : 290 fromm be propel backwards from the microphone ; he fall backward into the cyc , he flame arm ignite it . a celestial fantasy immediately burst into flame . it prevent any of the student from use the back exit . 291 the student watch , rivete with horror , some of they scream , other freeze to the spot as the cyc crackle . utter pandemonium . 292 carrie her face flushed , a vein in she forehead throbs , she heart pound . she spot : 293 the lighting t- bar hang over the bandstand . 294 the door as the prom-goer press against the opaque glass , strain to get out . Fish in a aquarium . 295 collin move toward the daze Ernest , who 's recuperate from he bout with carrie . 296 carrie she heart pound like a anvil . she 's stare at : 297 the lighting bar 298 carrie she flexe . 116 299 ceiling Pov Collins and Ernest directly below the path of the lighting bar . we see the flame cyc on the stage collapse forward . the light bar begin to shake . plaster drop , and the light bar drop ­ just short of Collins ' head ­ as far as its wire carry it . 300 carrie watch all this ­ a giggle ( or be it a sob ? ) emerge from deep within she . another flex . 301 the light bar start to swing recklessly around the gym . back and forth , back and forth ­ it hit the ceiling , ignite it and the decoration . flaming star and planet begin drop from the ceiling . 302 beneath the stage ­ CHRIS and billy see they chance to escape while carrie be busy with the light bar . the back door ( which Sue could not enter from the outside , and which the cyc flame prevent any of the student on the gym floor to get to ) be now free , and billy and Chris see they chance to escape . they burst out from under the stage as : 303 carrie spot they . in the instant it take she to wonder what they be do there , it 's too late . they be out the door , and there 's absolutely nothing she can do . 304 the gym ­ featuring the light bar as it swing , catch Norma Watson in its path , casually whipping this scream girl in she green chiffon dress back into a wall . helen shyre be back into a corner , giggle with horror , in shock , utterly hysterical . student have climb onto the back of the bleacher , try in vain to pry off the screen on the window so they can escape . Morton have grab a chair and be try to smash it through another of the window . all this to no avail . end split screen . 117 305 carrie as she make she way down the stage stair and out onto the floor . she spot the cord go under the stage first , and realize just how the trick be engineered ... that billy and Chris do it . 306 the student move aside as carrie walk through they ­ a endless series of blurred , hysterical face . 307 wide shot ­ the gym as carrie make it to one set of double door , flexe they open , and exit . 308 ext . gym ­ hallway as carrie exit , the door swinging shut . behind she , through the window , we see a wall of fire collapse behind she . she pass Sue in the hall who 's sobbing hysterically . and as carrie exit , Sue run into this inferno of fire to find Tommy . and then the town whistle blows ... and blows . it overlap onto : dissolve to : 309 ext . town street ­ night carrie 's on she way home . at this point , she look less like a girl that the survivor of a grisly car accident ; wet , cake with blood , eye glisten madly , almost shapeless . she go down a hill , and then , from : 310 another angle ­ the hill ­ night as a fire truck rush toward the school , past carrie . and then shortly afterward , out of nowhere , billy 's chevy ­ it 's headlight gleam , lurch forward ; it 's head right for she . 311 carrie turn around and see it come toward she . 312 int . the chevy Chris scream " get she ! get she ! " at the top of she lung , billy grin madly behind the wheel . 118 313 carrie as the chevy head right for she , stand in the headlight in its path , bloat , sway back and forth , she arm throw out . 314 the chevy almost right on top of she ... 315 carrie flexing , averting the car just as it almost smack into she . it just miss she . 316 int . the chevy billy be livid , turn around to see carrie in the back window . billy goddamnit ! CHRIS billy !!! billy shut up ! just shut up ! but the car be head for a embankment . billy realize this and start pump the brake . but the car 's accelerate , not respond to billy 's effort to slow it down . 317 carrie her head pound , flex . 318 int . chevy as billy attempt to turn the wheel ; it , too , have turn traitor ­ it will not turn . they be head right for the embankment . billy 's eye be bugging out , Chris be scream as : 319 the chevy plow smack into the embankment and roll over several time . it then burst into a sheet of flame . 119 320 carrie watch this explosion turn into a conflagration . we see the fire reflect in she puffy , exhaust face ­ brighter and brighter as we hear the sound of the whistle merge with SOUND of siren , and : dissolve to : 321 ext white house ­ night the house be totally dark . not even a porch light . in the distance , perhaps , the glow from the burn gymnasium . a figure be move toward the house . it be carrie . 322 at door carrie try the front door . it be unlock . she open it partially . carrie ( small voice ) momma ? momma ? she open the door wider . carrie ( louder ) momma ? silence . carrie step inside . carrie ( louder ) momma , I be home . silence . carrie close the front door . 323 int . white house ­ night with the close of the door , carrie turn on a light . she look around . the house be ominously empty , ominously still . 120 carrie momma ! silence flood back in . carrie move to the foot of the stair , turn on light as she go . she mount the stair , go along the narrow hallway to she room . 324 int . carrie' room ­ night carrie turn on the light , close the door . she stare at the madonna-child figurine on the bureau . then , slowly , she remove she blood - stain clothing , let it lie in a heap . clutch a robe , she go into the bathroom . 325 int . bathroom ­ night carrie turn on the shower , wait for it to get hot . it be almost steaming as she step in . very carefully , carrie scrub herself clean . then she step out of the shower , dry herself off briefly , put on she robe , and turn off the bathroom light . what 's important here be this give we time to breathe , to focus on carrie . 326 int . carrie' room ­ night carrie return to she room . she be clean now ; she wet hair hang . a feel of despair about she or perhaps she be emptied out . carrie almost mouth : carrie momma ... it be a little child 's voice and there be no answer . she go out into the hallway . 327 int . hallway ­ night carrie go to the head of the stair . once again , she mouth the word : 121 carrie momma ... something ­ a movement ? a instinct ? -- make she turn . she see : 328 margaret come toward she . 329 carrie she fling out she arm and cry out : carrie oh , momma ! and throw herself against she mother , hold she . a movement from Margaret , a quick movement , hard to define . and carrie recoil , she hand clutching she stomach . briefly we see the knife in Margaret 's hand . then carrie tumble down the stair . 330 angle down stair on carrie , lie like a break doll , huddle at the foot of the stair . 331 margaret carry the knife , she stare down the stair . margaret it say in the Lord 's Book : ` thou shalt not suffer a witch to live . ' 332 carrie daze , she see she mother come , dimly , everything distort . she begin to crawl backwards , she eye always on she mother , who be slowly but inexorably come down the stair . margaret and now the devil have come home . 122 carrie ( whimper ) momma , it 's not right . carrie start crawl to the kitchen . 333 int . kitchen ­ night carrie crawl farther and farther from the door , until she reach the far end of the kitchen , just as Margaret , the knife gleam in she hand , point toward carrie , reach the bottom of the stair and turn toward the kitchen , mumble all the while . carrie flexe : the kitchen door swing shut . Margaret be come toward the kitchen . carrie flexe again ­ to hold the door shut . but it 's no use ­ Margaret be relentless now , and the door open . she raise the knife and start toward carrie , the door swinging behind she . margaret I should have kill you when you be bear . carrie momma , I love you . please help I ! margaret Sin never die . there 's nothing else to be do . carrie flexe , and a serve fork ­ dangle from a hook on the way ­ suddenly hurtle through the air , pierce Margaret . it be follow by another and another as a rain of instrument strike Margaret . Margaret collapse . carrie , horrify by what she 's do , start toward she mother . and then she and we see Sue stand in the doorway , clasp she hand to she mouth , stifling she scream . carrie you . you trick I . 123 sue no . carrie get out . sue we be just try to ... carrie get out . and then something hit the roof , rattling . a small sound . a stone . then another . then a third . carrie get out ! get out ! the stone be beginning to rain on the roof , like hail . Sue be roote to the spot , terrify . carrie get out , get out , get out ! the stone be come down harder . all sound as one or two of they break through the roof , rattle on the floor below . carrie get out ! a stone of fairly small size crash through into the kitchen . carrie flexe . and Sue stumble backwards toward the door . flex . Sue be whipped around , as though by a great wind . 124 333a ext . white house ­ night Stones be crash on the house . Sue be hurtle out of the house . 334 int . kitchen as a couple of larger stone crash into the room , carrie head for the closet . 335 ext . white house ­ night Sue , rise from the ground , see stone crash into the house . she begin to run away . 336 int . white house ­ night carrie walk toward the closet ; the figure of Jesus be illuminate ­ welcoming she ? she go into the closet . she close the door . Stones crash down , obliterate the scene . 337 ext . white house ­ night Sue stop run . she turn to look at the White house . 338 white house ­ sue' Pov the stone be flatten the house . the house be be pound into the ground . 339 sue terror and disbelief . nightmare . 340 the white house the rain of stone stop . silence . then the house begin to sink ­ slowly , slowly , slowly ­ into the ground . 125 and the ground be swallow up the house . and cover it until ­ nothing remain . not a trace . dissolve to : 341 ext . snell house ­ day some time later ­ a week , perhaps two week after the nightmare of prom night . 342 int . snell house a home in the course of lose its family . White sheet cover furniture . box in the midst of be pack . Eleanor snell , look incredibly tired , be attend to the last- minute detail of move . she sort through magazine and book , discard some , put other into carton . and she come across the religious tract leave behind by Margaret White , forget until now . they have a momentary hypnotic effect on she . the phone ring , startling she . she rush to answer it in the kitchen , catch it on the first or second ring . eleanor ( hushed voice ) hello ? oh , thank God it 's you , Betty . I do not think I could have handle one more reporter . ( she appear to hear a noise upstairs ) just a sec , dear . ( she come into the live room and look toward the upstairs ) Sue ? ( a little louder ) Sue ? ( no answer , she return to the phone ) sorry , Betty , I just want to make sure the phone do not wake she . we be all a bit edgy . ( beat ) better . sleep too much , I guess , but schneider say that 's to be expect after what she 's go through . he say she 's young enough to forget it in time . knock wood . as Eleanor 's side of the conversation continue , the camera convey she tension . half of she be listen and talk to Betty ; the rest of she mind be on Sue upstairs . with good reason . because : 126 343 ext . empty lot ­ day where the horan house use to stand , now vacant . strewn with beer can , overgrown with grass and weed and wildflower . and a for sale sign . we pan over next door where the White house use to stand . it , too , be vacant but utterly bald ­ there 's be no time for anything to grow here . there be another for sale sign put up by bear Realty . 344 sue snell look utterly haggard and perhaps a bit on the loony side from a lack of sleep stand stare at the lot . she 's stand there in she white nightgown , barefoot . 345 the white lot ­ sue' Pov as she slowly walk toward it . underwater , almost float . we come closer on the sign which now start appear a bit odder ­ less like a simple for sale sign and more like a grave marker . and when we get close enough , we see that some graffiti have be hastily scrawle in chalk on the sign : carrie white be burning in hell for her sin and below it , in a second vandal 's handwrite , some idiot 's notion of one final joke : jesus never fail 346 sue as she kneel down , put the wreath she 's carry next to the marker . she proceed to try to wipe off the red chalk with the palm of she hand ; it smudge badly . she stare at she hand , fixate on it , remember carrie in the shower . suddenly , a second hand thrust into frame , onto she nightgown . a bloody hand . a hand from the Earth itself . carrie 's hand it clutches a horrify Sue by the wrist . tightly . a vice . 127 Sue begin scream uncontrollably . the hand be try to pull she into the ground . her scream turn into howling . CUT to : 347 sue still scream . but now in she room , waking from what be , indeed , a bad nightmare . upright in bed , scream she head off , she face cover with perspiration . Eleanor snell rush into the room to the bed , embrace she hysterical daughter . eleanor it 's all right , it 's all right , darling . sue mother ? and we come in close on Sue 's stricken face as she mother hold she , calming she , cradling she . closer still on Sue 's eye . she close they , and we go to : black