car 2 written by BEN queen a sleek british sport car talk directly to we in a pixilate , garble video . he 's out of breath . crates be visible behind he . we be in the shadowy bowel of a steel room . leland turbo this be agent leland turbo . I have a flash transmission for agent Finn mcmissile . superimpose over black : walt disney picture present leland turbo Finn . my cover 's be compromise . everything 's go pear-shape . superimpose over black : a pixar animation studio film leland turbo you will not believe what I have find out here . he angle we camera view , reveal a porthole through which we can see flame rise in the distance . leland turbo this be bigger than anything we have ever see . and no one even know it exist . Finn , I need backup . but do not call the cavalry - it could blow the operation . and be careful . it 's not safe out here ! angry voice o.s. time for turbo to go . leland turbo transmit my grid now . good luck ! coordinate appear : 40 6.80 ' N - 172 23.84 ' W title card : car 2 ext . somewhere in the NORTH pacific - night a tiny crab boat ( crabby ) crest over massive swell . crabby alright buddy , we be here . right where you pay I to bring you . question be , why ? a metallic blue sport car , circa the `60s , emerge from the 2 . shadow . cagey , smooth , he would turn head drive through any intersection in the world . meet finn mcmissile . finn I be look for a car . crabby a car ? hey pal , you can not get any further away from land than out here . finn exactly where I want to be . crabby well I get news for you , buddy . there 's nobody out here but we . suddenly , a horn -- a combat ship , the size of most cruise ship . finn quickly back into the shadow , out of sight . combat ship what be you do out here ? crabby what do it look like , genius ? I be crabbing ! combat ship well turn around and go back where you come from . crabby yeah ? and who 's gonna make I ? a laser sight hit crabby between the eye . crabby alright , alright ! do not get you prop in a twist . ( as he turn to leave ) what a jerk . sorry , buddy . look like it 's the end of the line . buddy ? on crabby' deck : Finn be go . CUT to : finn - he hang off the side of combat ship , clandestine . we be with Finn as the ship continue on , cut through the darkness with purpose . suddenly small flame appear , perhaps a knot or so away . then whoosh !!! a flame rise above Finn , the ship . it illuminate a oil derrick . 3. thwap ! Finn fire a grappling hook to the derrick and swing toward it . he 's go to slam into the side with brute force when --- --- he tire sprout a magnetic exoskeleton . he stick to the derrick and now drive vertically up up up ... from this vantage point , hundred of derrick appear . ext . platform - oil derrick - moment later Finn approach a load bay from above , hide . he watch as gremlins , pacer and assort other car scurry about . finn ( into radio ) leland turbo , this be Finn mcmissile . I be at the rally point . over . no response . finn ( into radio ) leland , it 's Finn . please respond . over . a access door open loudly below . a boxy , monacle - wear german car enter . this be professor otto zundapp . professor zundapp ( in german and English ) too many car here . out of my way ! finn Professor Zundapp ? pacer ( o.s. ) here it be , Professor . Zundapp approach a nosy pacer who idle next to a crate . nosy pacer you want to see this before we load it ? professor zundapp ah , yes . very carefully ... a forklift open the crate -- inside be a tv camera , pack carefully in foam . Finn snap photo furiously . nosy pacer oh. a tv camera . what do it actually do ? 4. professor zundapp this camera be extremely dangerous . finn ( to himself ) what be you up to now , Professor ? Finn , angle for a better view , fire suspension wire --- --- which sail clear to the other side of the derrick --- --- thok ! they hook tightly onto a steel girder . Finn slide out onto the wire like a acrobat , then expel another cross - wire for support . professor zundapp this be valuable equipment . make sure it be properly secure for the voyage . nosy pacer you get it . Finn lower himself . he snap more picture . grem ( o.s. ) hey , Professor Z! Zundapp turn as a crane lower a car - size crate . grem and acer , a orange gremlin and a green pacer , flank it . grem this be one of that british spy we tell you about . acer yeah . this one we catch stick he bumper where it do not belong . Finn produce semi - automatic gun from he side , ready himself for a tag-team spy fight with he buddy leland . professor zundapp agent leland turbo . the crate be lift , revealing a crushed , cube leland turbo . Finn 's eye go wide . suddenly --- whoooshhh ! another derrick flame rise behind he , cast a finn-shaped shadow over the Professor . he look up . 5 . professor zundapp it 's Finn mcmissile ! he 's see the camera ! kill he !! Finn unload with bullet as he start to retreat --- he stop : bad guy car be wait for he on the catwalk where he just come from - blowtorch ready . Finn , stick in midair , notice a angry crane . Finn grins , have just find he escape . thwapthwapthwap !!! Finn release three of he four cable , swinging , Indiana Jones -style on the last one toward the crane --- --- where he land on its boom , drive up and launch off it where he land - moving - onto another deck ! Finn now drive , spraying oil and screeching around corner . a gremlin in pursuit hit the oil patch , lose control --- --- and plummet off the side of the rig ! the gremlin fall ... it 's like a eternity ... he smashes into the water and break into a million piece . on finn - now set upon by 20 or 30 more pursue car . he have nowhere to go but up up up a ramp toward the helipad . he spy some gasoline barrel , fire a single bullet which cut through its leather strap , send barrel down the ramp , past finn --- --- past the pursue car --- --- to the bottom where they explode in a chain reaction back up the ramp , take out at least 15 car ! on the helipad - Finn blast into view , pull to a stop . no more road . nowhere else to go . the 20 bad guy car that be still in pursuit surround he , fire up they blowtorch . about to pounce . Finn grins . the second time we have see this grin . it mean he 's get something cooking . Finn 's reverse light appear . he drive backward off the edge of the helipad to the SHOCK of the other car . Finn fall . he turn himself so he 's grill first , cleanly cut into the water . 6 . he emerge , now sprout hydrofoil and speed away . grem ( nonplussed ) get to the boat . the boat - a army of combat ship quickly drop into the sea and churn water with unprecedented fury as they quickly make up the distance between they and Finn , firing bullet as they do so . acer he 's get away ! combat ship not for long . the lead combat ship quietly drop a torpedo into the water . it skip along , connect with Finn in he rear and exploding with such force that water skyrocket into the night cloud . underwater - mcmissile sink . then , he blink . he grins . we be start to like this grin and what follow it . he now convert into a submarine . from he trunk he release four decoy tire which float to the surface like body part . on the derrick - Professor Zundapp watch it all from far away . grem ( over radio ) he 's dead , Professor . professor zundapp Wunderbar . with Finn mcmissile go , who can stop we now ? ext . radiator spring - day tow mater , a rusty tow truck , putter into view . mater mater . tow mater , that 's who ... be here to help you ! he approach a break - down sedan on the side of the road . he drive around to the front , catch otis ' face for the first time . mater hey , otis ! 7. otis hey , mater . gosh , I be so sorry . I think I could make it this time , but ... ( he try to start he engine , stall ) smooth like pudding , huh ? ah , who be I kid ? I will always be a lemon . mater hook he friend and start towing he . mater well dadgum , you be leak oil again . must be you gasket . hey , look on the bright side : this be you tenth tow this month , so that mean it 's on the house . otis you be the only one that 's nice to lemon like I , mater . mater do not sweat it . this thing happen to everybody , otis . otis but you never leak oil . mater yeah , but I be not perfect . do not tell nobody , but I think my rust be start to show through . mater and otis drive past the radiator spring welcome sign . it have be amend to say : " Home of lightn mcqueen . " otis hey , be lightn mcqueen back yet ? mater not yet . otis he must be crazy - excited about win he fourth piston Cup . four ! wow ! 8. mater yeah , we be so dadgum proud of he . but I sure wish he would hurry up and get back `cause we get a whole summer 's worth of best friend fun to make up for . just I and -- ahead of they , a half - mile off , a red race car be visible . mater --- mcqueen ! mater floors it , drag poor otis behind he . otis uh , mater ? I be in no hurry . you do not need to go so fast ! boom ! they hit a bump . otis catch air . ext . radiator spring - day lightn mcqueen be surround by he hometown friend . luigi oh , lightn . welcome home . flo good to have you back , honey . fillmore congratulation , man . sarge welcome home , soldier . sheriff the place be not the same without you , son . lizzie what ? do he go somewhere ? mcqueen it 's good to be home , everybody . mater ( o.s. ) mcqueen ! they all turn around , see mater speed into town , with otis swerving behind he . mcqueen mater ! 9 . mater mcqueen ! mater skid into main street and in one swift motion , slingshot otis forward --- otis woaahhhhh ! --- right through ramone 's front door --- int . ramone be - continuous --- where he land perfectly on the hydraulic lift . ramone lift he up , routine . ramone hey . how far would you make it this time , otis ? otis halfway to the county line . ramone not bad , man . otis I know , I can not believe it either ! ext . radiator spring - continuous mater mcqueen , welcome back ! mcqueen mater , it 's so good to see you . mater you too , buddy . mater and mcqueen do a elaborate tire bump ( fist bump style ) . mater oh , man . you be not gonna believe the thing I get plan for we . everyone watch as the tire bump continue . mack ( to lizzie , a aside ) this best friend greeting get longer every year . 10 . mater ( to mcqueen ) you ready to have some serious fun ? mcqueen well , actually I have get something to show you first . int . radiator spring museum - day close on the piston cup . it have now change , be adorn with a small likeness of Doc . it say " Hudson hornet piston Cup . " mater wow . I can not believe they rename the piston Cup after we very own Doc Hudson . mcqueen and mater be alone , the museum close to the public . mcqueen approach a " Hudson hornet " wall with Doc 's three piston cup , frame article , other racing ephemera . mcqueen I know Doc say this thing be just old cup , but to have someone else win it just do not feel right , you know ? mater well , Doc would have be real proud of you . that 's for sure . mcqueen take this in . ext . radiator spring - later mcqueen and mater exit the Doc Hudson Museum . mcqueen alright , pal . I have be wait all summer for this . what have you get plan ? mater you sure you can handle it ? mcqueen come on , you know who you be talk to ? this be lightn mcqueen . I can handle anything . 11 . ext . radiator spring - day mater and mcqueen roll on a old train track , they tire off . they be on they rim . mcqueen uh .... mater ?! mater just remember , you brake be not gonna work on this ! as they head into a dark tunnel --- mcqueen ( o.s. ) mater ! mater ( o.s. ) relax , this train track be not be use in year ! from inside the tunnel a loud train horn . the two friend emerge , go as fast as they can on train track , uphill , with no tire . mcqueen come on , come on ! faster , faster ! moment later a harmless galloping goose appear , oversize horn visible , cackle and laugh at he prank . ext . field - outside radiator spring - later a enormous earth mover sleep . mcqueen and mater sneak up . mater this be gonna be good ! they blow they horn and he tip over , tractor- tipping style . they laugh at the gag , but soon realize the earth mover 's giant exhaust pipe be directly above they . mater uh-oh . this be not gonna be good . the exhaust pipe belches . mcqueen and mater be blasted out of view . int . radiator spring - dusk the sun set . mcqueen and mater roll into town . mcqueen look exhaust . mater be still full of energy . 12 . mater Boy , this be the best day ever ! and my favorite souvenir ? mater proudly show off a dent . mater this new dent ! mcqueen Boy , mater . today be , uh ... mater shoot , that be nothing . wait till you see what I get plan for tonight . mcqueen mater , mater . whoa . I be kind of think of just a quiet dinner . mater that 's exactly what I be think . mcqueen no , I ... I mean with Sally , mater . mater even better ! you , I and miss Sally go out for supper . mcqueen pull around in front of mater , stop . mcqueen mater , I mean it would be just I and Sally . mater oh. mcqueen it 's just for tonight . we will do whatever you want tomorrow . mater ( disappointed ) okay . mcqueen thanks for understanding . mater yeah , sure . y'all go on and have fun now . 13 . mcqueen alright , then . see ya soon , amigo ! mcqueen drive off . mater watch he go . ext . the wheel well - night it 's be convert into a white - tablecloth restaurant , with car dining al fresco and a hopping gastropub inside . mcqueen and sally have a prime table with a view of radiator Springs and the starry night sky . sally this be so nice . mcqueen I can not tell you how good it be to be here alone . just the two of we . finally , you and I --- mater ( o.s. ) good evening . mater be at they table , dress as a waiter . mater my name be mater and I will be you waiter . ( to himself ) mater the waiter . that 's funny right there . mcqueen mater , you work here ? mater well yeah I work here . what would you think , I just snuck in here when nobody be look and pretend to be you waiter , just so I could hang out with you ? mcqueen and Sally exchange a look . mcqueen oh , yeah . how ridiculous would that be ? mater now , can I start you two lovebird off with a couple drink ? 14 . mcqueen yes . I will have my usual . sally you know what ? I be go to have that too . mater blink . mater uh , right . you usual . CUT to : inside at the bar - Fillmore and sarge watch as guido mix drink , ala " cocktail . " mater arrive . mater guido ! what 's mcqueen 's usual ? guido ( in italian , subtitle ) how should I know ? mater perfect ! give I two of `em . sarge quiet ! my program 's on . mel dorado ( o.s. ) tonight on " the mel dorado show " ! on the bar tv - " the mel dorado show , " a cable talk show , begin with file footage of mile axlerod , a sleek suv . mel dorado ( on tv ) his story grip the world ! oil billionaire mile axlerod , in a attempt to become the first car to circumnavigate the globe without gps , ironically run out of gas and find himself trap in the wild ! we see image of newspaper headline , search crew . mel dorado ( on tv ) fear dead , he emerge 36 day later , run on a fuel he would distil himself from the natural element ! since then he 's sell he oil fortune , convert himself from a gas-guzzler into a electric car , and have devote he life to find a renewable , clean-burn fuel ! 15 . image of oil derrick tear down ; mile axlerod get convert to electric ; lab scientist testing chemical . mel dorado ( on tv ) now he claim to have do it with he allinol . image of field , river , vegetable , and mountain all combine to form the allinol logo . mel dorado ( on tv ) and to show the world what he new superfuel can do , he 's create a racing competition like no other , invite the great champion from around the globe to battle in the first ever World Grand prix . welcome Sir mile axlerod . sir mile axlerod arrive , park across from mel 's desk . mile axlerod ( on tv ) thank you , mel . it be very good to be here . now listen to I : Big oil . it cost a fortune . pollution be get worse . I mean , come on . it 's a fossil fuel . fossil . as in dead dinosaur . and we all know what happen to they . alternative energy be the future . trust I , mel , after see allinol in action at the World Grand prix , nobody will ever go back to gasoline again . mater ( to fillmore ) what happen to the dinosaur , now ? mel dorado ( on tv ) and on satellite , a World Grand prix competitor and one of the fastest car in the world , francesco Bernoulli . across the screen : live from rome , italy . we meet formula race car francesco bernoulli . francesco ( on tv ) it be a honor , signore dorado . for you . 16 . mel dorado ( on tv ) mile , why not invite lightn mcqueen ? mater , collect he drink , look up , half - intrigue . mile axlerod ( on tv ) of course we invite he . but apparently after a very long racing season he be take some time off to rest . francesco ( on tv ) lightn mcqueen would not have a chance against francesco ! mater do not like this . francesco ( on tv ) I can go over 300 kilometer a hour ! in mile that be like , uh ... way faster than mcqueen . mel dorado ( on tv ) let 's go to the phone . Baltimore , maryland , you be on the air . caller ( on tv ) be I on ? hello ? mel dorado ( on tv ) you be on . go ahead . caller ( on tv ) hello ? mel dorado ( on tv ) go ahead , caller . dial tone . mel dorado ( on tv ) let 's go to radiator Springs . you be on , caller . mater' voice ( on tv ) yeah , that italian feller you get on there can not talk that way about lightn mcqueen . he 's the bestest race car in the whole wide world . Fillmore and sarge look around . mater be visible in the back of the bar on a office phone . 17 . sarge uh-oh ... francesco ( on tv ) if he be , how you say " the bestest race car , " then why must he rest , eh ? mater' voice ( on tv ) Cause he know what 's important . every now and then he prefer just to slow down , enjoy life . francesco ( on tv ) ah , you hear it ! lightn mcqueen prefer to be slow ! of course , this be not news to francesco . when I want to go to sleep I watch one of he race . after two lap I be out cold . audible rxns from the bar . a crowd have be form ever since mater start talk . mater' voice ( on tv ) that be not what I mean . CUT to : mcqueen and sally - they hear the commotion inside . mcqueen hey , what 's go on over there ? CUT back to : the bar - Sally and mcqueen push through the crowd , see that they be watch francesco on the television . mcqueen ( to sally ) oh , it 's that italian formula car . his name be --- sally francesco Bernoulli . no wonder there 's a crowd . when Sally say he name , she enunciate each part , as if italian be she mother 's tongue . mcqueen wait , why do you know he name ? and do not say it like that . it 's three syllable , not ten . 18 . sally what ? he 's nice to look at . you know , open - wheeled and all . mcqueen what 's wrong with fender ? I think you like my fender . mater' voice ( on tv ) well let I tell you something else there , Mr. San Francisco --- mcqueen mater ? mater' voice ( on tv ) mcqueen could drive circle around you . francesco ( on tv ) driving in circle be all he can do , no ? mater' voice ( on tv ) no ! I mean yes . I mean he could beat you anywhere , anytime , any track . on mcqueen - he look at guido who give a nod over to --- --- mater , turn away from the crowd , still on the phone . francesco ( on tv ) mel , can we move on ? francesco need a caller who can provide a little more intellectual stimulation . like a dump truck . on mcqueen . he do not like this at all . mater ha ha ! that show what you know . dump truck be dumb . suddenly , mater be yanked from the booth and replace by mcqueen . mcqueen ( into phone ) yeah , hi , this be lightn mcqueen . look , I do not appreciate my best friend be insulted like that . 19 . francesco ( on tv ) mcqueen ! that be you best friend ? this be the difference between you and francesco . francesco know how good he be . he do not need to surround himself with tow truck to prove it . mcqueen that be strong word from a car that be so fragile . francesco ( on tv ) fragilé !? he call francesco fragilé ? not so fast , mcqueen ! mcqueen " not so fast . " what be that , you new motto ? francesco go ballistic in italian . they cut he mic . mile axlerod ( on tv ) well , this sound like something that need to be settle on the race course . what do you say , lightn mcqueen ? we have still get room for one more racer . mcqueen well , I would love to . the only thing be my crew 's off for the season so --- a sound o.s. mcqueen turn to see Fillmore , sarge and luigi flank a tablecloth which be hang off the bar . ramone back away , have spray paint " team lightning mcqueen " on it . guido quickly uncork three wine bottle . guido pit stop . mcqueen turn back to the phone . mcqueen you know what ? they just get back . deal I in , baby . ka-chow ! the place erupt in cheer . moment later - General excitement as mcqueen exit the phone booth where Sally wait . off she look : 20 . mcqueen I know , I know . I just get back . but we will not be long and --- sally oh , no , do not worry about I . I have get enough to do here . mater 's go to have a blast though . ( off mcqueen 's silence ) you be bring mater , right ? you never bring he to any of you race . mcqueen turn to the bar where mater privately try they drink , hate it , spit it back in the glass . sally just let he sit in the pit , give he a headset . c'mon , it will be a thrill of a lifetime for he . mater arrive . mater you drink , sir . mcqueen mater . mater I do not taste it ! mcqueen how would you like to come and see the world with I ? mater you mean it ? mcqueen you get I into this thing . you be come along . begin montage : - mcqueen be give a new paint job and headlight by ramone . mater , now sport a " team mcqueen " emblem , seem psyched as well . - a airport departure sign advertise the next flight : Tokyo , Japan . - mater wave goodbye with he hook alongside mcqueen , guido , luigi , Fillmore and sarge as --- 21 . --- the rest of radiator Springs watch they board a plane . Red bawl . - in the jet , later . mcqueen and mater be the only one awake , watch a insane japanese game show . - japan at night . a stylish Tokyo cityscape of neon , glamour , scrolling billboard , vend machine and high - tech skyscraper . - inside a souvenir shop load with mcqueen toy : mater and mcqueen enter . a tourist see mcqueen and faint . - a kabuki theater . team mcqueen watch a methodical dance . mater , dress in kabuki makeup , arrive . he look insane . - a sumo match - two suzuki samurai car wrestle over a parking space . mater , now in he element , cheer . the montage end on this high note as we CUT to --- ext . museum - tokyo - night ---- team mcqueen , as they roll up the red carpet . Press be hold at bay behind rope . world grand prix and allinol logo be strategically place for maximum press exposure . racers be interview by press behind the red-carpet rope . int . tokyo museum - night team mcqueen enter via a second floor landing which overlook a massive indoor party in a convert museum . as they roll down a ramp to the party , they be awed . luigi guido , look ! ferraris and tire ! let 's go ! mcqueen ( impressed ) hey , look at this . okay now mater , remember : best behavior . mater you get it , buddy . hey , what 's that ? he see something , peel away . mcqueen mater ! lewis hamilton hey , mcqueen , over here ! 22 . it 's fellow racer jeff gorvette and lewis hamilton . mcqueen now have no choice but to let mater go . mcqueen hey , jeff. Lewis ! CUT to : mater as he approach a glass - enclosed rock garden where a pitty rake rock with precision . he knock on the glass with he hook . mater hey ! you do good ! you get all the leave ! people turn at the noise he 's make . CUT back to : mcqueen , jeff and lewis . jeff gorvette check out that tow truck . lewis hamilton I wonder who that guy 's with ? mcqueen will you guy excuse I just for one little second ? he zip over to mater 's side , quickly pull he out of sight . mcqueen mater , listen . this be not radiator Springs . mater you be just realize that ? Boy , that jet-lag really do a number on you . mcqueen mater , look -- thing be different over here . which mean maybe you should , you know , act a little different too . mater different than what ? mcqueen well , just ... help I out here , buddy . I --- 23 . mater you need help ? shoot , why do not you just say so ? that 's what a tow truck do . hey , looky there , it 's Mr. San Francisco ! francesco be visible across the room , hold court . mater I will introduce you . mcqueen mater , no . mater ( already on he way ) look at I -- I be help you already ! on francesco - moment later . mater approach , giddy . mater hey Mr. San Francisco , I would like you to meet --- francesco lightn mcqueen ! buona sera . mcqueen Nice to meet you , francesco . francesco yeah , nice to meet you too . you be very good -look . not as good as I think , but you be good . mater ( to francesco ) Excuse I . can I get a picture with you ? francesco anything for mcqueen 's friend . as mater pose for a photo with francesco : mater miss Sally be gonna flip when she see this . she 's lightn mcqueen 's girlfriend . francesco oooh . 24 . mater she 's a big fan of yours . francesco hey , she have good taste . mcqueen mater 's prone to exaggeration . I would not say she 's a " big " fan . mater you be right . she 's a huge fan . she go on and on about you open wheel here . mcqueen mention it once do not qualify as go " on and on . " francesco francesco be familiar with this reaction to francesco . woman respect a car that have nothing to hide . mcqueen yeah , uh ... francesco let we have a toast . mcqueen do not like where this be go , cover . mcqueen let 's . francesco ( raise a drink ) I dedicate my win tomorrow ... to miss Sally . mcqueen oh , sorry . I already dedicated my win tomorrow to she . so if we both do it , it 's really not so special . besides , I do not have a drink . mater I will go get you one . you mind if I borrow a few buck for one of they drink ? 25 . mcqueen ( could kill he ) they be free , mater . mater free ? well , shoot , what be I do here ? mater zip off . mcqueen I should probably go keep a eye on he . see you at the race . mcqueen start to leave . francesco yes , you will see francesco . but not like this . francesco do a 180 , so he rear end now face mcqueen . francesco you will see he like this , as he drive away from you . francesco wear a bumper sticker that say " ciao , mcqueen ! " mcqueen that 's cute . so you have one of that make up for all the racer ? francesco no . mcqueen okay . he roll off . mcqueen he be so get beat tomorrow . int . party - moment later light caress the main stage where a crowd have form . voice lady and gentlecar ... Sir mile axlerod ! mile axlerod drive through a infinity fountain , appear . 26 . mile axlerod it be my absolute honor to introduce to you the competitor in the first - ever World Grand prix . from Brazil . number eight ... on finn mcmissile . he appear from the shadow , keep a careful distance from the stage . he zeroe he gaze on --- --- the world grand prix tv cameras which roll , catch mile axlerod 's speech for publicity and posterity . Finn 's onboard computer analyze each one , compare to the photo we see he snap on the oil platform . each one be " not a match . " his view be suddenly disrupt by a beautiful sport car . she approach Finn . meet holley shiftwell . holley a volkswagen karmann ghia have no radiator . finn that 's because it 's air-cool . holley I be agent shiftwell , holley shiftwell from the Tokyo Station . I have a message from London . finn not here . ( loudly ) you must try the canape on the mezzanine ! he move she onto a elevator . the door close on they . in the elevator , go up . finn so the lab boy analyze the photo I send ? what do they learn about the camera ? holley it appear to be a standard television camera . they say if you could get closer photo next time , that would be great . finn this be London 's message ? 27 . holley oh -- no , no . no sir . um , the oil platform you be on ? turn out they be sit on the biggest oil reserve in the world . finn how do we miss that ? holley they would be scramble everyone 's satellite . the Americans actually discover it just before you do . they place a agent on that platform , under deep cover . he be able to get a photo of the car who 's run the entire operation . the door OPEN and they exit onto the mezzanine . finn who be it ? have anyone see the photo yet ? holley no , not yet . the american be here tonight to pass it to you . he will signal you when he 's ready . finn good --- Finn suddenly stop cold . finn oh no . Professor Zundapp be visible below they . he talk with a few pacer and gremlin . Finn quickly retreat into the shadow . holley follow suit . holley what be it ? finn Change of plan . you be meeting the american . holley what , I ? 28 . finn that thug down there be on the oil platform . if they see I , the whole mission be compromise . holley no , no . I be technical , you see . I be in diagnostics . I be not a field agent . finn you be now . CUT to : mater as he grab a drink , keep move . mater I will take one of they . he snatch it , drop it in the back where we now see a large assortment of drink balanced . mater never know which one mcqueen will have a hanker for . he approach a sushi bar . mater hey , what you get here that 's free ? how about that pistachio ice cream ? he refer to wasabi , of course . sushi chef no , no . wasabi . mater oh , same ol ' , same ol ' . what 's up with you ? that look delicious . the chef start to carve a small scoop aside for mater . mater uh , a little more , please . it be free , right ? ( the chef add more ) keep it come . a little more . come on , let 's go , it 's free ! you be get there ... scoop scoop ! the chef give in . scoops a baseball - size ball out . 29 . mater there you go . now that 's a scoop of ice cream . sushi chef ( in japanese , subtitles ) my condolence . CUT back to : mile axlerod - he 's now nearly do with he intros . mile axlerod ... and now , we last competitor --- number 95 , lightn mcqueen ! mcqueen approach the microphone , flash he headlight . mcqueen thank you so much for have we , Sir axlerod . I really look forward to racing . this be a great opportunity . mile axlerod oh , the pleasure be all ours , lightn . you and you team bring excellence and professionalism to this competition . as if on cue , mater arrive with a pierce scream of pain . everyone turn as he charge head first toward the stage , make a bee-line for that fountain . mater somebody get I water ! he lap up water from the fountain like a diabetic cat . mater ( lapping water ) sweet relief ... mile axlerod be shocked . the crowd can not believe it . francesco cackle . mater , now sate , approach the mic . mater ( to the crowd ) whatever you do , do not eat the free pistachio ice cream . it have turn ! mcqueen Sir axlerod , I can explain . this be mater . 30 . mile axlerod I know he . this be the bloke that call into the television show . ( to mater ) you be the one I have to thank . mater no , thank you . this trip 's be amazing . mile axlerod ( to mcqueen ) he 's a little excited , be not he ? tilt down to reveal a pool of oil beneath mater . mcqueen mater ! mater but wait , I ... oh , shoot . mcqueen quickly pull mater aside , out of earshot of mile axlerod and the other . mcqueen be beside himself . mcqueen mater , you have to get a hold of yourself . you be make a scene . mater but I never leak oil . never . mcqueen go take care of yourself right now . mater drive off . on mater - moment later he drive through the party , frantic . mater come through ! Excuse I , leakin ' oil . where 's the bathroom ? thank you . I gotta go ! someone point mater down a hallway . he whip around the corner --- --- and stop . find himself in front of two bathroom door , neither of which clearly indicate male or female . 31 . mater ( confuse ) what the ... mater choose one , drive inside . a shriek be hear and mater zip out . mater sorry lady ! he head into the other door --- CUT to : int . men' room - night mater roll in , still vhold it in ' like a kid . mater I never leak I never leak I never leak ... he see someone leave a stall . he head in . in the stall - mater enter , look up . mater wowee ... the stall be a complicated apparatus with button and light . High -tech japanese . it suddenly grab mater , hoist he up as if he 's go to get a oil change . mater what in the --- a japanese style cartoon caricature appear on a tv monitor , follow by image of waterfall and river . mater ( giggling ) hey , that tickle . the caricature start talk in japanese . suddenly water fire up underneath mater 's undercarriage , goose he . he freak out . outside the stall - with mater 's yell audible we see a gremlin enter , furtive . suddenly , inexplicably , he frame break apart like a egg , revealing a american muscle car underneath . the piece of the gremlin disappear under he , clearly he disguise . this be rod redline - american agent . 32 . rod redline okay , mcmissile . I be here . it 's time for the drop . int . party - same holley , roll along by herself . nervous . ding ! her rearview monitor spring to life . holley ( into radio ) the american have activate he tracking beacon . finn ( over radio ) Roger that . move in . int . bathroom - same Rod redline , wait at a sink , feel a presence behind he . grem and acer have enter , hesitate briefly when they see Rod redline . Rod redline , careful , slide a gun out of he tire . he be suddenly charge by the amc --- Rod spin around and get a shot off but be slammed head first . a tight , close - quarter fight begin --- in the stall - mater , still trapped , be now be scrubbed as if in a car wash . he be helpless . outside the stall - Rod be be pulverize . just when he scramble away from one car , the other one take over . in the stall - mater be mercifully release , but when he back out --- --- Rod redline be thrown into mater' stall door , crunching it and send mater --- --- back into the clutch of the insane toilet . int . party - same holley isolate the tracking beacon 's location in the party . holley oh , you have get to be joke . finn what 's the problem , shiftwell ? holley he 's in the loo . 33 . finn so go in ! holley I can not just go into the men' loo . finn time be of the essence , shiftwell . int . bathroom - outside the stall Rod redline be in bad shape . he back away , betray a look of concern . he 's in trouble here . acer burn rubber , ready to finish he off . just as he shift into drive --- --- mater' stall door kick OPEN , knock acer out . mater jump out , face - to- face grem . mater ( out of breath ) whatever you do , I would not go in there . the door swing shut , revealing the pulverize Acer . mater a gremlin and a pacer ! Rod redline , now behind mater and sense a opportunity here , quickly produce a SMALL device . mater ( to grem and Acer ) no offense to you make and model , but you guy break down harder than my cousin betsy after she get leave at the --- Rod redline , surreptitiously attaches the device to mater 's undercarriage . mater ( as he 's goose ) --- altar ! he spin around , see Rod redline for the first time . mater be you okay ? rod redline I be fine . 34 . grem hey . tow truck . mater turn back to grem and Acer . grem we would like to get to we private business here , if you do not mind . mater oh , yeah . do not let I get in the way of you " private business . " oh ! a little advice : when you hear she giggle and see that waterfall , you best press that green button . grem thank you . mater it 's to adjust the temperature . acer get it . mater remember it 's in Celsius , not Fahrenheit . grem and acer get outta here ! mater alright then . mater exit , leave Rod redline to a now even angrier grem and Acer . ext . bathroom - moment later holley arrive at the door . she take a breath , be about to enter when mater exit . mater Excuse I , mar 'am . he pass she , expel some exhaust in the process . holley 's rearview tracking confirm that the device be on he . mater ( to himself ) dadgum pistachio ice cream . 35 . holley ( into radio ) this can not be he . finn ( over radio ) be he american ? mater ( drive off , to himself ) look out , lady . mater 's fittin ' to get funky ! holley ( into radio ) extremely . finn ( over radio ) then it 's he . it 's settle . holley take one more nervous breath , quickly close the distance between she and mater , cut he off . he be force to stop . holley hello . mater well , hello . holley a volkswagen karmann ghia have no radiator . mater well of course it do not . that 's `cause it 's air-cool ! holley ( relieved ) perfect . I be from the Tokyo Station of the --- mater course , karmann ghia 's be not the only one . besides the beetle you have you type-3 squareback , with the pancake motor ... holley yeah . okay , I get it --- mater ... and before both of they , there 's the type - 2 bus - my buddy Fillmore 's one of they . 36 . holley listen ! we should find somewhere more private . mater uh , gee . do not you think that 's a little , uh --- holley ( nervous ENERGY ) you be right . impossible to know which area here be compromise . so , when can I see you again ? mater well , let 's see . tomorrow I will be out there at the race . holley get it . we will rendezvous then . int . party - moment later mater return to he team , lose in think . mcqueen there you be . where have you be ? mater what 's a rendezvous ? luigi it 's like a date . mater a date ?! mcqueen mater , what 's go on ? mater well , what 's go on be I have get I a date tomorrow . guido make a crack in italian . luigi guido do not believe you . mater well , believe it . my new girlfriend just say so . hey , there she be . mater point out holley , who 's within earshot . 37 . mater ( yelling ) hey ! hey lady ! holley , catch in plain view , drive off . mater see ya tomorrow ! guido make another crack in italian . luigi guido still do not believe you . ext . shipyard - the dock - tokyo night a industrial dock , outside of the city proper . int . shipyard - night Rod redline dangle from a car magnet . he 's be beat up , cling to consciousness . grem ( o.s. ) I gotta admit --- grem , Acer , and a bunch of nasty look troublemaker look up at Rod amidst crate and shipping container . grem --- you trick we real good . acer and we do not like be trick . Rod redline laugh to himself . acer hey , what 's so funny ? rod redline well , you know , I be just wear a disguise . you guy be stick look like that . this do not help he . they drop he onto a treadmill , lock he down . a container be wheeled forward and Rod be ply with allinol brand gasoline . rod redline allinol ? thanks , fella . I hear this stuff be good for you . 38 . professor zundapp ( o.s. ) so you think . the Professor emerge from the darkness , behind Rod . professor zundapp allinol by itself be good for you . Zundapp hit a button and the treadmill start Rod 's wheel spin at a high rate of speed . professor zundapp but after microscopic examination , I have find that it have one small weakness . when hit with a electromagnetic pulse , it become extremely dangerous . grem smile --- grem push a World Grand prix camera - the same one that be in the box back at the oil derrick . he point it at Rod redline . grem --- for the camera . rod redline be that all you want ? I get a whole act . professor zundapp you be very interested in this camera on the oil platform . now you will witness what it really do . rod redline whatever you say , Professor . Acer push a tv monitor toward Rod . on it , surveillance footage from the party . clearly , they be watch and recording he there . acer you talk up a lot of car last night . which one 's you associate ? rod redline you mother . oh no , I be sorry . it be you sister . you know , I can not tell they apart this day . 39 . grem ( have enough ) could I start it now , Professor ? professor zundapp fifty percent power . ( to Rod redline ) this camera be actually a electromagnetic pulse emitter . acer ( be : a girl on the tv ) what about she ? do you give it to she ? professor zundapp the allinol be now heating to a boil , dramatically expand , cause the engine block to crack under the stress , force oil into the combustion chamber . Rod redline 's engine start to crack and break . acer ( be : a guy on the tv ) how about he ? you talk to he ? rod redline ( to Professor Zundapp ) what do I care ? I can replace a engine block . professor zundapp you may be able to , but after full impact of the pulse , unfortunately , there will be nothing to replace . acer how about he ? do he have it ? the monitor reveal mater , roll out of the bathroom and down the hall . Rod redline , see this , do the world 's most subtle double take . we catch it , but there 's no way anyone else in the room could have --- professor zundapp that 's he . he 's the one . grem Roger that , Professor Z. 40 . rod redline no ! as grem turn up the machine even more , the Professor make a call . professor zundapp ( into phone ) yes sir . we believe the infiltrator have pass along sensitive information . ( beat , listen ) I will take care of it before any damage can be do . the Professor hang up , turn to the room . professor zundapp the project be still on schedule . you will find this second agent --- Zundapp kick the camera 's power into the red . professor zundapp --- and kill he . on the monitor - with mater 's freeze image on the screen we see Rod explode in the reflection . ext . japan - day over television pre-roll of Japan : brent mustangburger ( v.o. ) Japan . land of the rise sun . where ancient tradition meet modern technology . welcome to the inaugural run of the World Grand prix . on our announcers as they introduce themselves : brent mustangburger I be Brent mustangburger , here with racing legend darrell cartrip and David hobbscap . there 's never be a competition like this before . shot of the pit as the racer fuel up . brent mustangburger ( v.o. ) first , allinol , make its debut tonight as the require fuel for all this great champion . ( more ) 41 . brent mustangburger ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) second , the course itself , and it 's like nothing we have ever see . David , how exactly do this competition work ? david hobbscap ( v.o. ) well , Brent , all three of this street course be classic round - the-house racetrack . outline of three race course be show . they be label Japan , Italy and England , and be different in shape and size . david hobbscap ( v.o. ) this mean that the lmp and formula car should break out of the gate in spectacular fashion . shot of the racers as they weave up the track , practice . david hobbscap ( v.o. ) look for francesco Bernoulli in particular to lead early . shot of francesco , feature in a inset . david hobbscap ( v.o. ) and with a series of technical turn throughout --- more shot of the course , now highlight the tech turn . david hobbscap ( v.o. ) gt and tour car like Spain 's miguel camino should make up some ground but I doubt it will be enough to stop francesco from absolutely run away with it . darrell cartrip ( v.o . ) woah , now just hold you horsepower . you be forget the most important factor here . that early dirt track section of the course ! the dirt be suppose to be the great equalizer in this race . graphic of the course now isolate a stretch after the first couple turn , label it " dirt section . " 42 . brent mustangburger ( v.o. ) french rally car raoul çaroule be count on a big boost head through there . darrell cartrip ( v.o . ) and do not forget lightn mcqueen ! his mentor , the Hudson hornet , be one of the great dirt track racer of all time . in my opinion , mcqueen be the best all - around racer in this competition . back in the studio david hobbscap really , darrell , I think you need to clean you windshield . you be clearly not see this for what it be : francesco 's race to lose . ext . starting line - day brent mustangburger ( v.o. ) it 's time to find out . the racer be lock into the grid --- engine rev as everyone get ready to go . everyone 's bright eye and alert except for mcqueen who we find in the back of the grid . he close he eye . mcqueen ( to himself ) speed . I be speed . a laugh o.s. mcqueen open he eye . francesco be next to he on the grid . francesco really ? you be " speed " ? then francesco be triple speed . ( close he eye ) francesco . is. triple speed . francesco like this , mcqueen . it 's really get he into the zone ! mcqueen he be so get beat today . the start light click down from red to yellow to GREEN . the race begin . francesco quickly grab the lead . he 's pull away within second . 43. on pit row - we track past as the various Crew Chiefs on they crash cart bark order to they racer . we end on team mcqueen . no Crew Chief , just a solid look team . sarge his suspension stat look good . luigi Tire pressure be excellent . fillmore he 's get plenty of fuel . mater and he 's awesome ! CUT to : the same view of mater but now through a telescopic display . reveal Finn and holley watch from high above in a downtown office building , behind reflective glass . holley why be he in the pit ? he 's so expose . finn it 's he cover . one of the best I have see , too . look at the detail on that rust . it must have cost he a fortune . holley but why have not he contact we yet ? finn there 's probably heat on he . be patient . holley right , of course . he will signal we when he can . finn and then we find out who 's behind all this . on the track - various shot of the race through Tokyo as francesco extend he lead and mcqueen attempt to make up ground . 44 . in mcqueen be pit - mater watch the monitor , see they approach the dirt section . mater mcqueen ! it 's time to make you move . get on the outside and show them what Doc do teach you . mcqueen ( over radio ) ten four , mater . on the track - francesco hit the dirt section and lose all control . he slam to a halt , he tire get no traction . david hobbscap ( v.o. ) francesco be bring to a screeching halt ! mcqueen skid into view , turn right to go leave , pass francesco , follow by other car --- brent mustangburger ( v.o. ) lightn mcqueen be the first to take advantage . and just like that , folk , francesco 's lead be leave in the dust . mcqueen Nice call , mater . keep it up ! mcqueen now lead the pack , zoom out of the dirt now start to relax . darrell cartrip ( v.o . ) who-hoo ! man , mcqueen look happier than a rollbar at a demolition derby ! on pave road again - moment later the field of car thunder into a tunnel . brent mustangburger ( v.o. ) everyone 's jostling for position as we hit the asphalt again . francesco crest the hill , in last place . he bite down , determine , then chase . brent mustangburger ( v.o. ) francesco lose a lot of momentum in the dirt . he 's get some serious work ahead of he if he want to get back in this race . 45 . various shot of tokyo as the racer move through the rainbow Bridge . bit by bit , francesco eke he way toward the front , toward lightn mcqueen as we CUT to --- --- a rooftop , and a view through the wgp camera lens . grem and Acer be man this one . they focus it on the racer as they approach . professor zundapp ( over radio ) it be time . grem Roger that . on the track - a racer ( miguel camino ) suddenly plume with smoke and skid out . darrell cartrip ( v.o . ) oh ! miguel camino have blow a engine ! brent mustangburger ( v.o. ) very unusual , darrell . he 's be so consistent all year . camino quickly pit , pass mcqueen 's pit where mater be visible . on grem and acer , watch from above . grem you gotta be kid I . acer what be it ? grem it 's that tow truck from the bathroom . acer the one from the bathroom ? grem yeah , the one the american agent pass the device to . acer what about he ? grem what about he ? he 's in the pit ! 46 . acer not for long . Acer exit , with purpose . on finn and holley , still in they office hideaway . holley 's onboard computer flash a alert . holley hold on . I think I have get something . finn what be it ? holley the pacer from the party last night . she 's spot Acer , move swiftly forward . holley Cross -reference with the photo from the oil derrick ... yep. his vin number match . finn anyone with he ? he will not be alone . holley conduct analysis on the target . the computer find more and more bad guy pacer and gremlin be in the crowd . holley he 's not the only one here . Three ... five ... they be everywhere . and they be all close in on ... oh no . we pan over to see it 's mater . holley Finn ? Finn , where be you ? she turn . he 's gone , leave only a open window . finn ( over radio ) get he out of the pit now ! in mcqueeen pit . a car whip by o.s. 47 . mater wow ! some of they feller be really loud . holley ( over mater' radio ) can you hear I ? over . mater uh , what ? holley ( over mater' radio ) get out of the pit now . do you hear I ? mater realize this girl have somehow break into he radio . mater ( into radio ) hey , I know you . you be that girl from the party last night . you wanna do we date right now ? on the track - mcqueen box out francesco , hold he slim lead , but barely . mcqueen guy , a little too much chatter . let 's keep this line clear . boom ! a racer behind mcqueen suddenly expel black smoke , skid out of control . on grem - laugh . that be clearly he handiwork . in mcqueen be pit - same holley ( on mater' radio ) there 's no time for mess about . you have get to get out of the pit . mater be there gonna be cable where you be so I can watch the rest of the race ? on holley - watch from the downtown building . holley ( into radio ) you be run out of time ! finn ( over radio ) they be come , shiftwell . holley ( into radio ) yes , I know . 48 . finn ( over radio ) get he out of there . holley ( to finn ) I be try . ( to mater ) get out now ! we CUT back to --- --- mater . he give in , exit the pit . mater well , all right but I usually like to have a proper detail do before I meet a lady friend . he move toward the back pit door , be about to open it . outside the pit - acer and another pacer approach mcqueen 's pit door on the other side . ready to pounce . the door OPEN , revealing --- --- Finn , hold a fire extinguisher . acer Finn mcmissile ? but you be dead ! finn then this should not hurt at all . he empty the extinguisher in they eye , speed past . they try and follow , but have be blind . one of they crash right into a cop . on finn - already on the move , along a side street . finn miss shiftwell ? on holley - track everything on a grid map . mater look like pac man , weaving through the street as bad guy close in all around he . holley I have get he in the back alley east of the garage . multiple assailant be close in quickly . finn ( over radio ) keep he move . I be on my way . on mater - he turn a corner , see a flower shop . 49 . mater hey , new lady friend ? you like flower ? on the track - mcqueen , hearing this , be take aback . mcqueen what ? on mater - slow at the flower shop . holley ( over radio ) no ! do not go ' in ' anywhere . just keep move . mater stay outside . gotcha . on the track mcqueen outside ? mcqueen drift outside allow francesco to slip past ! francesco grazie and arrivaderci ! darrell cartrip ( v.o . ) I can not believe what I just see , Brent . that be a bonehead move . you do not open up the inside like that ! in the back alley - as mater move on he 's follow by pacer and gremlin . suddenly --- --- cable whip in front of they , pull over flower vend machine and send the shop 's owner into a frenzy . they direct they attention to the amc , who try and explain . on finn , admire he handiwork as he appear . just as he turn to leave he 's broadsided and push into a dark alley . in the alley - Finn find himself box by two pacer and push toward --- --- acer , who now hold a flame thrower . acer this time I be gonna make sure you stay dead . he hit the flame . whooosssh !! 50 . on another STREET - mater click along , still look for holley . just as he pass the alley entrance where Finn stare down death : holley ( over radio ) you be do brilliantly . now just stay focus . mater what 's that ? you want I to head toward that ruckus ? mater turn into the alley . holley ( over radio ) no ! do not go down that street ! in the alley - Finn , now nearly push completely into the flame thrower , leap into the air . he fight back , use he wheel , axle , indeed he entire car frame as if he be human , kick and toss and shoot he enemy . mater witness the whole thing . mater wow ! a live karate demonstration ! on the track - mcqueen , now play catch - up again , scowl . mcqueen stop it , mater . just sign off . in the back alley - Finn polish off the amc by fire a bullet into a gas main line , cause a explosion that toss Acer through the air where he land in a noodle shop' sign . on the track - the end of the race be nigh --- brent mustangburger ( v.o. ) they be bumper to bumper as they approach the finish line ! the formula car get there first . brent mustangburger ( v.o. ) francesco 's the winner , mcqueen 's number two ! in the alley - Finn heave breath , survey he damage . mater that be cool ! hey , can I get you autograph ? 51 . mater approach when a Mass of race fan burst out a door , momentarily block mater 's view of Finn . once the fan have past , Finn have disappear . mater hey , where would he go ? holley ( over radio ) we rendezvous have be jeopardize . keep the device safe . we will be in touch . mater dadgum , do I miss we date ? ext . PRESS stage - later Post race press conference . francesco be center stage . darrell cartrip francesco , over here ! hey , what be you strategy today ? francesco strategia ? francesco need no strategy , it 's very simple . you start the race , wait for lightn mcqueen to choke , pass he , then win . francesco always win . it 's boring . mcqueen , wait in the wing , roll he eye . he suddenly notice something o.s. mcqueen 's p.o.v . - it 's mater , appear from a side street , move toward the pit , oblivious of the press conference . darrell cartrip ( to francesco ) I gotta tell you , dude . you be in trouble for awhile . that dirt track section have you crawl ! as mcqueen sneak away --- francesco to truly crush one 's dream , you must first raise they hope very high . in mcqueeen pit garage - mater look around for everyone as mcqueen approach . 52 . mcqueen mater . mater hey mcqueen ! what happen ? be the race over ? you win , right ? mcqueen mater , why be you yell thing at I while I be racing ? mater yelling ? oh , you think ... that 's funny right there . Nah , see that 's `cause I see this two feller do some sort of karate street performance . it be nutso . one of they even have a flamethrower --- mcqueen a flamethrower ? what be you talk about ? I do not understand . where be you ? mater go to meet my date . mcqueen you date ? mater she start talk to I as a voice in my head , tell I where to go --- mcqueen what ? mater wait a minute -- I do not screw you up , do I ? mcqueen I lose the race because of you ! mater well , I be sorry . I do not mean --- mcqueen a imaginary girlfriend , flamethrower . this be exactly why I do not bring you along to this thing . 53. mater maybe if I , I do not know , talk to somebody and explain what happen I could help . mcqueen I do not need you help . I do not want you help . PRESS ( o.s. ) hey , there he be !! the press find mcqueen , swarm he . mater be push backwards as the question fly again . PRESS - mcqueen , you have it in the bag ! - yeah , what happen ? mcqueen I make a mistake . but I can assure you , it will not happen again . on mater . he take this badly . mcqueen look , guy . we know what the problem be and we have take care of it . smash to : over footage of francesco and various other highlight : brent mustangburger lightn mcqueen lose in the last lap to francesco Bernoulli in the first race of the World Grand prix and three , count they , three car flame out lead some to suggest that they fuel , allinol , might be to blame . footage of mile axlerod , speak to a aggressive press . he must shout over the press . mile axlerod allinol be safe ! alternative fuel be safe ! there be no way my fuel cause this car to flame out ! 54 . in the tv studio - darrell , Brent and David talk to camera . darrell cartrip well the jury may still be out on whether allinol cause this accident , but one thing 's for sure : lightn mcqueen blow this race . off a frozen image of mcqueen crossing the finish line , a look of severe consternation across he face --- brent mustangburger team mcqueen can not be happy right now . --- match CUT to --- int . airport - japan - day --- mcqueen 's smiling face , on a team mcqueen poster . reverse to reveal mater look at it , sadly . he drive on , pass ( but not notice ) --- --- grem and acer . at the security check - moment later . Cars take off they tire , move through the metal detector . mater wait in line . a security car approach mater . security car ( in japanese and English ) come with I please , sir . mater but I be gonna miss my plane . in the admiral' lounge - moment later . the Security car lead mater inside . security car right this way . as they move past we the Security car covertly drop a ball bear which roll into a corner . the ball bear then sprout mechanical legs , tripod itself and irise out , revealing itself to be a tiny camera . in the MAIN room - admiral' lounge - continuous mater follow the Security car in , nervous . 55 . mater doggone it . this be about my hook , be not it ? I know I should have check it , but I can not really , look -- it 's attach to I . zwapppppp !! the Security car suddenly decloak himself , reveal himself to be Finn mcmissile ! mater hey , I know you . you be that feller from the karate demonstration . finn I never properly introduce myself . Finn mcmissile . british Intelligence . mater tow mater . average intelligence . finn who be you with ? FBI , CIA ? mater let 's just say I be triple - a affiliate . you know , I know some karate . I do not wanna brag or nothing , but I have get I a black fan belt . beep ! Finn 's rearview alarm . his camera have pick up grem and Acer . they have just enter the lounge , be right around the corner . mater hey , you wanna see some move I make up ? finn you be be follow . Finn quickly turn , fire a tiny glass cutting beetle at the window . as mater talk , oblivious , the beetle cut out a round hole . mater this first one I can reach into a car 's hood , pull out he battery , and show it to he before he stall . I call it , " what I accidentally do to my friend luigi once . " 56 . mater do he best ( worst ) karate move as Acer and grem turn the corner . grem there he be ! the glass drop away , leave a car-size hole . mater ( eye the clock ) look , I probably ought to go . I be about to miss my flight . finn do not worry . Finn hook mater from behind . he yank he forward --- finn I have take care of that . hang on . --- and leap out the window ! ext . tarmac - airport - japan Finn pull mater down hard onto the tarmac , towing he away from the terminal . mater this be first class service . you do not even have to go through the terminal . acer and grem appear , chase they . mater , who be face backward as he be be pull along , face they . they be about a hundred yard back . mater ( to finn ) you karate partner be back here . they kinda look like they be try to catch up ! finn drive forward . whatever you do , do not stop . Finn skid around , whipping mater in a 180 so that mater be now towing Finn . grem produce a rocket , line up Finn as he target . 57 . Finn , without hesitation , fire a mini rolling - jack . the jack drive itself toward grem , anchor itself under he frame and flip he like a turtle but not before grem get the rocket off --- the rocket - it fly toward mater and Finn . finn aim and launch a missile back . the rocket and missile collide in mid - AIR , explode . mater ( only hearing this ) be everything okay back there ? siddeley ( o.s. ) Finn , it 's sid . I be on approach . a gulfstream jet wing into view overhead . this be siddeley . finn Roger that . mater look up : acer screech into view up ahead , drag a long row of luggage cart in mater 's path , attempt to create a accident . mater ( to finn ) you remember that whole thing about I not stop no matter what ? just as it look dire --- ratatatatatatat !!! siddeley descend , hawklike , fire bullet and blow the luggage cart sky-high . mater and Finn burst through they , luggage now raining down from above . mater I know I should have do carry - on ! finn ( to siddeley ) thanks , old boy ! siddeley land hard on the tarmac ahead of they . no time to stop , he drop he back open , revealing holley . mater hey , doggone it . it 's my imaginary girlfriend ! holley come on ! get in here ! 58 . mater speed up toward siddeley 's ramp , holley . mater ( to holley ) Boy I tell you what , you really do want this first date , do not ya ? that 's a no-quit attitude right there . just as mater 's wheel touch the ramp , bullet ping around he in a spray . siddeley be hit , a tire blown . he yell in pain . finn hold on , sid ! siddeley peel off the runway onto the grass . a gunfight ensue between Finn and Acer . Finn shoot acer be tire , blow it and throw he off -course . Acer careen out of control , drive up and through a jet --- --- out the other side where he land in a oil tanker . on siddeley - he 's head toward the edge of the tarmac , where the grass and runway meet water . he hit the gas , he only hope . siddeley Finn , it 's now or never ! Finn brake , 180s and grab the ramp just as siddeley get air . siddeley hold on ! mater , the only thing not in the jet , dangle and recede from we view as siddeley climb toward the cloud . as he 's pulled in through the back hatch : mater ( v.o. ) by the time you read this , I will be safely on a airplane , fly home . int . lobby - HOTEL - tokyo - day close on a handwritten ( er , tire - write ? ) note in childish scrawl . we do not see all of it , only a bit . mater 's voice o.s. begin the note with the first sentence , but we dissolve into mcqueen 's voice . 59 . mcqueen " I be so sorry for what I do . I do not want to be the cause of you lose any more race . I want you to go prove to the world what I already know - that you be the great race car in the whole wide world . you best friend , mater . " mcqueen take this in . mcqueen I do not really want he to leave . luigi wait , there 's more here . ( read ) " p.s. please tell the hotel I do not mean to order that movie . I think it be just a preview and I do not realize I be pay for it . p.p.s ... that 's funny right there -- pp . " ( to the other ) there 's a few more page of p.s. 's here . mcqueen ( turning back ) well , at least I know if he 's at home he will be safe . ext . sky - day siddeley break through some cloud cover , fly with purpose . int . jet - day a well - appoint spy jet . various computer line the wall . finn now that 's how I like to start the day ! you never feel more alive than when you be almost dead . holley ( scanning mater ) I hope that device do not fall off . mater that 's the close I ever be to miss my flight ! that be --- 60 . with a robotic arm , holley grab the the device that Rod redline hide under mater . she yank it out with a goose . mater ( jump ) yow ! holley still in one piece , great . holley drop the device into a mainframe computer . it start " analyzing . " mater I gotta go to a doctor . I keep get this sharp pain in my undercarriage . holley download the photo now . mater hey , lemme introduce you two . ( to holley ) this here be Finn mcsometh - or - other . he 's a first class VIP airport whatchamacallit . and Finn , this here 's my date . ( to holley ) I never do get you name . holley oh yes , sorry . it 's shiftwell . holley shiftwell . mater ( to finn ) it 's shiftwell . holley --- ding ! the computer be do analyze . the cabin light dim . finn finally . time to see who 's behind all this . a image be blast between the three of they . it 's of a photograph , a complicated melange of metallic part stick together . holley ( to mater , expectantly ) what be this ? 61 . mater well , that 's one of the worst engine ever make . it 's a old aluminum v8 with a Lucas electrical system and whitworth bolt . shoot , they whitworth bolt be a pain , tell you what . they be not metric , they be not inch ... holley yes , ok , right . but who 's engine be this , mater ? mater well , it 's kinda hard to tell from this picture , be not it ? holley but you be the one who take it . finn holley . holley oh , right . yes , of course . " a good agent get what he can , then get out before he 's kill . " sorry . mater agent ? you mean like insurance agent , like , ( sing ) ` like a good neighbor , mater be there ' ? wait , you mean secret agent . you guy be spy ! finn holley , in how many make and model do this type of engine appear ? holley have this stat in second . kid 's play . holley it be standard in seven model over a 12 - year period . at least 35,000 car be make with this engine . mater move he seat forward , through one part of the hologram so he 's face - to - face with holley . mater you be pretty . 62 . holley ( annoyed ) yes , alright . thank you . mater and so nice . holley just pay attention . she move the engine photo so it 's now block mater again . finn this seem like a dead end . if there be something in the photo that could narrow this down a bit I would be a lot happier . mater you might not be happy , but I bet this feller be . see how he 's have most of he part replace ? and see all they box over there ? they 's all original part . they be not easy to come by . holley rare part . finn that 's something we can track . holley exactly ! holley drop she screen down . finn well do , mater ! I would never have see that . ( to holley ) I know of a black - market part dealer in Paris , a treacherous lowlife . but , he 's the only car in the world who can tell we whose engine this be . mater , what would you say to set up a informal task force on this one ? mater wait , what ? 63. finn you obviously have plenty of experience in the field . mater well yeah I live right next to one . ( think about it ) I do not know , Finn . I be not exactly be much help to anybody recently . finn you be help I . please , mater . mater well , okay . but you know I be just a tow truck , right ? finn right . and I be just in the import / export business . siddeley ? siddeley yes , Finn ? finn Paris . tout de suite . mater yeah , two of they sweet for I too , sid ! ( to holley ) you know , I always want to be a spy . holley ( smiling sweetly ) really ? I too . siddeley afterburner , sir ? finn be there any other way ? ext . jet - moving siddeley hit the juice , they kick forward like a mule as we CUT to --- a montage of paris : mater attempt to merge into roundabout traffic ; mime annoy tourist at the eiffel Tower ; a painter work he magic on a unattractive couple ; a couple kiss on the most romantic spot in the world ; we might even catch gastow' restaurant . 64 . the charming , low - key introduction end with a sweeping vista of Paris 's center from far away as we crane down into --- ext . STREET - day --- a dirty street in the 1st arrondissement . Finn and holley drive along together as mater , play " spy , " dart back and forth behind they from doorway to dumpster , " hide out . " he 's have a ball . finn ( to holley ) once we be inside , stay close . do not bother check vin number for criminal record , they be all dodgy here . holley no vin scan . get it . finn do not talk to anyone . do not look at anyone . and absolutely , positively no idling . be we clear ? holley yes , right . no idling . yes , sir . finn mater ? mater yeah , Finn ? finn we be not here to go shopping . as Finn and holley and mater turn the corner ... mater Shopping ? what do you mean ? why would I --- mater turn the corner and enter a massive Les halle - inspire parisian market fill with car part . a tow truck 's dream . mater dadgum . merchant - part for sale , monsieur ! - monsieur ! part for sale ! 65 . in the market - moment later mater roll along , impressed by the goods for sale . mater you gotta be kid I - they have get everything here . look at they hood ! I could use a hood . mater continue on though , heed Finn 's advice . mater sorry feller , I gotta go . int . enclosed marketplace - day mater , now out of sight of Finn and holley , pass a darken stall . he stop , peer in . there 's someone in there . mater Excuse I . what be you sell ? it suddenly open its headlight revealing ... eye !! in french , the mutant car pitch he ware to mater . mater freak out , speed off , terrified . around the corner - finn and holley a few car length ahead of mater . they roll along , look for ... aha ! Finn and holley recede into the shadow . in finn' side mirror : tomber , a three - wheeled part dealer , argue with a french customer . finn there you be . mater suddenly turn the corner , see Finn and holley . mater man , there be some great --- finn mater , get back ! too late . tomber see mater , then notice finn , reflect in a hubcap . he bolt . Finn and holley give chase . mater hey , wait for I ! tomber , skid away , kick a tent in Finn 's way . holley quickly pivot right and disappear . where do she go ? 66 . Finn , hot in pursuit , leap another obstacle and lose ground to --- --- tomber who turn a corner and find himself grill to grill with holley . he whip to the leave but turn over , roll sideways and crashing to a stop . holley zap he with electroshockers . Finn suddenly arrive , stop she . finn ( to holley ) have you lose you mind ?! holley but I think --- finn mater ! this chap need a tow . hook he up . mater sure thing . CUT to : moment later - mater tow tomber , follow Finn and holley . tomber you rusty piece of junk , get you dirty hook off I ! int . a SMALL garage - moment later Finn throw open a door . Cars scatter like cockroach . finn ( to the car ) allez ! maintenant - vite ! mater unhook a angry tomber who spit in french . Finn pull the door down . as it latch tight --- tomber ( to finn ) electroshock ! be you kid I ?? finn easy , tomber . this be she first field assignment - she do not know you be my informant . holley informant ? 67 . tomber a rookie , eh ? I never like new car - smell . holley fume with anger . finn tomber be do 20 to life in a moroccan impound the first time I save he , if I recall correctly . tomber speak of recall , you be get up there in mileage be not you , Finn ? holley alright , we get it . you both know each other , you be both old . so. holley shoot a holographic photo of the engine in front of tomber . holley there you go , informant . inform we . tomber eye the photo . he recoil , unimpress . tomber that be the worst motor ever make . suddenly , tomber narrow he gaze . tomber wait . that oil filter ... that wheel bearing . finn do that part look familiar , tomber ? tomber they should . I sell they . holley to whom ? tomber no idea . he 's my best customer , but he always do he business over the phone . I be always wonder why he need so many part . now I know . 68 . mater well , a lemon need part . ai not nothing truer than that . finn " lemon ? " mater yeah , you know . Cars that do not ever work right . lemon be a tow truck 's bread and butter . like they gremlin and pacer we run into at the party and the race and the airport . finn holley , pull up the picture from the oil platform . I want to know what other type of car be out there . holley comply and suddenly photo of car from the oil platform hang suspend in the air in front of they . holley right . let 's see . there be hugo . and trunkovs . finn mater , be this car consider lemon ? mater be the popemobile Catholic ? holley Finn . everyone involved in this plot be one of history 's biggest loser car . holley refer to the engine photo , which now rise forward as the prominent picture , perhaps the only one in view . finn and they be all take they order from the car behind this engine . tomber this explain it ! finn what , tomber ? 69 . tomber gremlin , pacer , Hugo and trunkovs never get together . but they be have a secret meeting in two day . finn where 's this meeting take place ? tomber porto corsa , Italy . mater that 's where the next race be ! finn then there 's a good chance we mystery engine will be there too . tomber you chance be more than good . I just send he a new clutch assembly yesterday ... to porto corsa . finn holley , contact stephenson and have he meet we at Gare de lyon . good work . ext . french alp - night stephenson , a three - car luxury bullet train speed along a snow - cover mountain in the dead of night , its halogen headlight cut through the darkness . it dip into a tunnel --- mater ( o.s. ) Boy , I will tell you what . that three - wheeled feller have to be right about a big meeting . int . spy car - moving - night mater , Finn and holley scroll through surveillance - style photo of traffic on a italian street . they be in the front train car , which double as a luxury seating area and intelligence command center . mater you never see this many lemon in one town . unless there 's a swap meet , or something . ( to holley ) ( more ) 70 . mater ( cont 'd ) hey , how would you get all they picture ? holley well , I remotely reprogrammed porto corsa 's red light camera to do recognition scan . mater wow , not only be you the prettiest car I ever meet , but you the smartest too . holley thank you . I think . mater that 's a familiar sight . mater refer to a photo of victor hugo , the hugo lemonhead , be tow by a eastern european tow truck . mater a Hugo be tow . but he look absolutely perfect . finn of course . they must be the head of the lemon family . mater make sense . if I be rich and break down every day , I would hire I to tow I around all the time too . finn we have get to infiltrate that meeting . it 's the only way to find out who 's behind all this . holley ( eyeing mater ) hang on a minute . mater what ? holley hold still . holley snap mater 's picture , temporarily blind he . mater ahh ! 71 . holley turn back to she monitor . mater 's face appear on screen . she quickly graft it over the Hugo 's tow truck 's . finn good job , miss shiftwell . holley be not sure what surprise she more : the compliment or how pleased it make she . holley thank you , Finn . mater Boy , I sure wish my friend could see I now . ext . SMALL town - italy - outside porto corsa - day a quaint italian piazza . a pristine maserati fountain , complete with ancient trident , loom in we view . luigi and guido roll into view . luigi guido , you eye do not deceive you . we be in Italy . we be home ! sarge , Fillmore and mcqueen exit a wgp transport truck . fillmore hey , luigi . which way to the hotel , man ? luigi what ? no friend of mine will stay in a hotel in my village . you will stay with my --- uncle topolino ! uncle topolino , a distinguished 1937 fiat topolino , roll forward . he greet they warmly with affectionate italian salutation as word of guido and luigi 's arrival spread . the square fill with family and friend . ext . piazza - dusk a festive homecome party . light strung across the square . Music and dance . Fillmore and sarge be at a dining table . sarge how do they do it ? this be the same ingredient as back home , but it taste so good . 72 . fillmore it 's organic , man . sarge Tree hugger . lightning mcqueen roll along the periphery of the square , seem lose in think . uncle topolino ( o.s. ) Race car . uncle topolino beckon mcqueen over . uncle topolino you look so down , so low . be like you have flat tire . mama topolino , a hefty italian grandmother pipe up , a mile a minute then drive off , now a car on a mission . uncle topolino she say you look like you be starve . that she 's go to make you a big meal , and fatten you up . mcqueen no , mama topolino , please . you do not need to make a fuss ! too late . she 's disappear inside she kitchen . uncle topolino capisco . I understand . be a problem , yes ? between you and a friend ? mcqueen how would you know that ? uncle topolino a wise car hear one word and understand two . mcqueen take this in , impressed . uncle topolino that , and luigi tell I . while mama cook , come and take a stroll with I . they amble forward , uncle topolino set the pace . 73. mcqueen I bring my friend mater along on the trip . and I tell he he need to act different , that we be not in radiator Springs . uncle topolino this mater . he 's a close friend ? mcqueen he 's my best friend . uncle topolino then why would you ask he to be someone else ? mcqueen consider this - a realization . mcqueen what do I do ? I say some thing during we fight ... uncle topolino you know , back when guido and luigi use to work for I , they would fight over everything . in the square - guido dance with a girl . luigi suddenly cut in . they begin to argue . uncle topolino they fight over what Ferrari be the best Ferrari ; which one of they look more like a Ferrari ... there be even some non- Ferrari fight . guido now lift luigi , cut back in . uncle topolino so I tell they , va be . it 's okay to fight . everybody fight now and then , especially best friend . mcqueen take this in . seem to take some small comfort . uncle topolino but you gotta make up fast . mcqueen 's comfort quickly evaporate . uncle topolino no fight more important than friendship . 74 . guido and luigi now dance together with the girl and she friend who have just arrive . all have a great time . they dance past we , crossing in front of mcqueen and uncle topolino . we stay with they . uncle topolino chi trova un'amico , trova un tesoro . mcqueen what do that mean ? mama topolino ( arriving ) whoever find a friend , find a treasure . mama topolino drop a tray of food in front of mcqueen . mama topolino now , mangia ! eat ! on mcqueen , distant , take all of this in , lose in think as , in the background , uncle topolino and mama topolino talk , then argue , then make up ( all in italian ) all while we stay on mcqueen 's pensive face --- int . train tunnel - later stephenson glide along , all business . stephenson Finn , one hour to porto corsa . int . train - moving - later finn thank you , stephenson . Finn watch as holley attaches a new emergency light on mater 's roof . it look exactly like he old one . holley that should just about do it . finn perfect . holley so mater , it 's voice - activate . but you know , everything 's voice - activate this day . 75 . mater what ? I think you be suppose to be make I a disguise . mater' computer Voice recognize . disguise Program initiate . zwwwwat ! a holographic disguise suddenly umbrella out , emitted from mater 's roof . it drop a clean cloaking image of the eastern european tow truck over mater . mater cool ! hey , computer . make I a german truck ! mater' computer request acknowledge . zwatttt ! mater suddenly wear lederhosen and a german hat . mater check it out . I be wear materhosen . make I a monster truck ! mater' computer request acknowledge . he 's transformed into dracula , complete with fang . mater ( ala dracula ) I vant to siphon you gas . now make I a taco truck ! mater' computer request acknowledge . mater a funny car ! mater' computer request acknowledge . Finn suddenly push a button , stop the madness . finn the idea be to keep a low profile , mater . mater , chasten , move on . 76 . mater so I just go in , pretend to be this truck . finn and leave the rest to we . holley now hold still . holley turn back to she work . the disguise 's cloaking be larger than mater . as a result , holley must dial it back to fit he body . as she carefully calibrate the hologram : holley I have to do the final fitting on you disguise . holley stop . the 3d disguise be now flush with he frame , but dent show through . holley oh dear . that 's no good . she deploy a bondo sprayer on a robotic arm , move it toward one of mater 's dent . mater pull away . mater hey , what be you do ? holley the disguise will not calibrate effectively without a smooth surface to graft onto . mater oh . for a second there I think you be try to fix my dent . holley I be . mater well then no thank you . I do not get they dent buff , pull , fill or paint by nobody . they be way too valuable . holley you dent be valuable ? mater I come by each one of they with my best friend lightn mcqueen . ( more ) 77 . mater ( cont 'd ) I do not fix this . I want to remember this dent forever . holley so you be be serious in Paris ? mcqueen be not just part of you cover ? finn friendship can be dangerous in we line of work , mater . mater but my line of work be towing and salvage . finn right . and miss shiftwell 's be design iphone apps . mater no , I mean for real . I --- holley it 's okay . say no more . I will work around the dent . finn in the meantime ... Finn hit a button . the wall transform into a massive weapon cache . finn you look a little light on weapon . off mater 's rxn --- ext . alp - dawn --- stephenson emerge loudly from a tunnel . he power forward , start he descent into Italy --- brent mustangburger ( v.o. ) you be look live at beautiful porto corsa , Italy , on the italian riviera . what a magnificent set for the second race of the World Grand prix . ext . porto corsa , italy - day over sweeping helicopter beauty shot : 78 . david hobbscap ( v.o. ) well Brent , they call this place " the gem of the riviera , " and it 's easy to see why . a local fishing boat chug through a idyllic waterway , beneath bridge that connect hillside villas . david hobbscap ( v.o. ) with its secluded beach and opulent casinos , porto corsa truly be a playground for the wealthy . a long line of rich - looking yacht in the harbor . david hobbscap ( v.o. ) and everyone who 's anyone be here today . Rich sport car drive past pricey shop . david hobbscap ( v.o. ) from the ultra-rich and super - famous , to world leader and important dignitary . the popemobile , visible in a crowd , drive through town . darrell cartrip ( v.o. ) you be not kid , David . you can not do a three - point turn around here without bump into some celebrity ! helicopter shot of the casino . brent mustangburger ( v.o. ) welcome everyone to the second race of the World Grand prix ! CUT to : mustangburger , hobbscap and cartrip in the control booth . brent mustangburger the big news continue to be allinol . Sir mile axlerod speak to the press earlier today to answer question about its safety . footage of the PRESS conference - mile axlerod , at a podium , address the press throng . he look a bit exasperate . 79 . mile axlerod a independent panel of scientist have determine that allinol be completely safe . okay ? safe ! there it be . brent mustangburger so the race will go on , folk . race graphic show francesco with 10 point at the top of the race standing . darrell cartrip but the question everyone be ask : will the real lightn mcqueen show up today ? on the track - as the racer begin to get into position on the grid . brent mustangburger ( v.o. ) well , he better . talk about a home - track advantage . francesco Bernoulli grow up racing on this course . italian track announcer ( v.o. ) signore e signori , in the pole position , numero uno ... the crowd be cheer already , know who this be . italian track announcer ( v.o. ) ... francescoooooo ! the italian crowd roar and chant for they hometown hero . francesco ( to the crowd ) bellissima ! thank you for you support . ( to mcqueen ) and you big mistake , mcqueen ! mcqueen miss this comment . he approach he grid position , lose in think . italian track announcer ( v.o. ) in the secondo position . numero novantacinque . lightn mcqueen ! cheer ( not so thunderous , obviously ) from the crowd . mcqueen do not seem to notice . 80 . in mcqueeen pit - his team exchange look , worried . luigi mcqueen ? be everything okay ? fillmore if you be worried about you fuel , man , do not . it 's perfectly safe . back on the starting grid mcqueen no , guy , I just really wish mater be here . francesco ( o.s. ) francesco understand , mcqueen . francesco park next to he , grin . mcqueen oh , great . here it come . what have you get , francesco ? francesco for famous race car like francesco and well ... you , to be far away from home be not easy . mcqueen I think you forget the insulting part of that insult . francesco be no insult . when francesco be away from home , he miss he mama just like you miss you tow truck amico . mcqueen gee , I maybe misjudge you , because that 's exactly how I --- francesco of course , I be at home . and my mama be right here . francesco refer to he mama who sit in a special box in the crowd , cheer he on , blow he kiss . francesco ( yell ) mama ! do not worry , mama ! ( more ) 81 . francesco ( cont 'd ) mcqueen be very sad ! I will beat he cry-baby bottom today ! mcqueen and there 's the insult we be miss . grazie ! the light - click from red to GREEN --- the racers take off ! ext . porto corsa - day shot of the racer make the first few turn through the city street . we pan to the casino DI porto corsa . the beaux Arts -style architecture tower atop a hill , overlook the course . ext . the casino - moment later a group of thuggish hugo - ugly Eastern european car - wait impatiently at the front . a limousine -style car carrier roll up to the roundabout . a esteem , elderly gremlin roll past with a group of gremlin thug who usher he into the casino . alexander hugo gremlin . man , that be some ugly car . look like someone steal they trunk . the thug all snicker . holley scusatemi , tutti ! signori ! holley arrive , sport a decent italian accent . holley mio nonno , my grandfather , have break down . if one of you would help I would be so thankful . ivan , a eastern european tow truck ( the one holley and Finn prepped mater to impersonate ) , drive forward . ivan the tow truck sound like you need some " roadside assistance " . another hugo she be talk to I , Ivan . 82. ivan the tow truck oh really ? prove it . holley no , no , do not fight over I . holley direct she interest toward Ivan . holley signore tow truck , per favore ? CUT to : mater - he watch this from a safe hide spot around a corner . finn ( v.o. ) get ready , mater . CUT to : finn , at a outdoor cafe on the casino grounds . finn you be on any moment now . CUT back to : mater , now look a bit nervous . he back out of sight . mater I do not know about this , Finn . what if I screw thing up ? finn ( over radio ) impossible . just apply the same level of dedication you have be use to play the " idiot tow truck " and you will be fine . mater it 's just that they guy look pretty tough and --- wait , do you say " idiot " ? be that how you see I ? finn ( over radio ) that 's how everyone see you . be not that the idea ? I tell you , that 's the genius of it . no one realize they be be fool because they be too busy laugh at the fool . brilliant . while Finn talk , mater take this in . he catch he own reflection in a nearby window . seem to be see himself with new eye . 83. zzzzattt ! mater jump at the sound , turn in time to see Ivan shocked unconscious by holley 's Zapper . holley why be not you in disguise ? mater I , uh --- holley come on , there 's no time . go ! mater okay , okay . Computer : disguise . mater' computer request acknowledge . ext . around the next corner - continuous mater , now disguise as Ivan the tow truck , approach the hugo . another limo car carrier arrive . alexander hugo it 's the boss ! he be come ! the carrier park and the back open . victor hugo wait . victor hugo Ivan ! mater realize Victor be talk to he . he hop to it . victor hugo Ivan , why do you insult I so by make I wait ? mater , now with Victor hook , tow he in the front door of the casino . on finn - now join in the cafe by holley who monitor everything and sees everything mater sees on she display . holley he 's in . ext . race course - porto corsa - day mcqueen and francesco battle for first place --- brent mustangburger ( v.o. ) the racer be now make they way around the hairpin , and head downhill toward the casino bridge . 84 . int . casino - day Cars play crap with fuzzy dice ; slot machine with odometer for jackpot number ; cigarette girl sell car item . cigarette girl car Air freshener , antenna ball , sparkplug ... on mater - he tow victor . they be flanke on all four corner by Hugo thug , ala a presidential motorcade . the largess of the interior design seem to finally snap mater out of he funk . mater ( wide - eyed ) wow , this place look like it 's make out of gold . the hugo on either side of mater exchange a look . holley ( over radio ) that 's because it be , mater . now , be careful what you say . mater why be that ? what do you mean do not talk to you ? ( more talk from holley which we can not hear ) so you want I to stop talk to you . right now ? alexander hugo you be act strange today , Ivan . mater I have no idea what you be talk about ... mater be p.o.v . - a digital readout isolate the Hugo and start to scroll ream of information alongside . mater ... Alexander Hugo , aka " chop shop Alex . " in a wider shot we realize this display be invisible to all but mater . some of Alex 's other alias ' include " Alexander Hu - do not go " and " Alexander the not - so great . " 85 . mater hey , you get a lot of aka 's , Alex . but I guess that make sense seeing how you 's want in France , Germany , the Czech Republic ... holley ( cut in to he display ) mater ! stop it ! Alexander Hugo , unaware of holley 's interruption , whisper to mater as they turn a corner . alexander hugo okay , okay . keep you voice down . you be gonna make I arrest . ( to the other hugo ) do not mess with Ivan today . he 's in a bad mood . ext . casino - day holley , hearing this , can not believe it . finn he 's so good . int . casino - day mater tow Victor inside a private room , where inside be the world' worst car include vladmir trunkov , tubb pacer and J. curby gremlin . vladimir trunkov Victor ! tubb pacer hey , Victor ! J. curby gremlin there you be . vladimir trunkov come in , come in . J. curby gremlin Victor Hugo . I be J. curby gremlin , from Detroit . it 's good to see you . now we can start . victor hugo be the big boss here yet ? 86 . vladimir trunkov no , not yet . tubb pacer he 's suppose to be here any minute . wham ! a door be throw open o.s. everyone turn , now silent . on the door - it sit open . no one enter . the room of lemon watch , nervous . on mater - nervously watch too . ext . casino - continuous finn here we go . int . private room - casino - continuous a car finally appear . it 's Zundapp . professor zundapp gute tag ! everyone look disappointed . tubb pacer it 's just the Professor . victor hugo Zundapp , when be he come ? professor zundapp he 's already here . monitor descend from the ceiling . on they , a image of a engine - the same bloody engine from the photo . but this be a live image . the car be be work on . voice welcome , everyone . the voice be garble , scramble . no way to determine who . engine voice I wish I could be with you on this very special day but ... my clutch assembly break . you know how it be . the lemon all nod in understanding . 87 . tubb pacer be there . J. curby gremlin forget about it . vladimir trunkov we know how you feel . ext . casino finn descramble that voice ! holley ( already on it ) I be try ... it 's too sophisticated ! int . private room - casino - continuous engine voice we be here to celebrate . today all you hard work pay off . the world turn they back on car like we . they stop manufacturing we , stop make we part . the only thing they have not stop do be laugh at we . they have call we terrible name ... on victor hugo . engine voice jalopy . rustbucket . on tubb pacer . engine voice heap . clunker . on J. curby gremlin : engine voice junker , beater , wreck . on zundapp . engine voice rattletrap . and finally back on the monitor . the engine . 88. engine voice lemon . but they insult just give we strength . because today , my friend ... the monitor switch to live race footage . engine voice ... that all end . on the video screen - carla veloso' engine blows --- ext . race course - continuous veloso swerve , attempt to mitigate a crash --- darrell cartrip ( v.o. ) there 's smoke ! on the casino bridge ! david hobbscap ( v.o. ) oh no . brent mustangburger ( v.o. ) it 's carla veloso , the brazilian race car . she skid into a wall , hard . ext . casino - continuous finn what just happen ? holley ( analyze the data ) I be work on it . int . private room - casino - continuous the lemon be cheering . mater be freak out . engine voice they laugh at we . but now it 's we turn to laugh back . boom ! another racer blow a engine . mater jump again . ext . race course - same as the racer smashes into the railing --- 89 . david hobbscap ( v.o. ) another crash ! it 's number nine , Nigel gearsley . engine voice ( v.o. ) embrace you inner lemon ! let it drive you ! ext . casino finn holley ? holley I be detect a extremely strong electromagnetic pulse . holley replay that last crash . the outline of the beam be see hit the racer . holley trace this to its source --- --- a wgp camera , which grem and Acer have point at the racer from a tower position . holley Finn , it 's the camera ! finn where ? holley on the tower . Finn take off , speed toward grem and Acer --- engine voice ( v.o. ) this be mean to be alternative fuel 's great moment . ext . grandstand - race course - continuous angry fan knock over can of allinol . one drive over a allinol sign . they be feed up with it . engine voice ( v.o. ) after today everyone will race back to gasoline . we rack focus to reveal another fan as he rip a allinol banner down angrily . int . private room - casino - continuous the video screen be now fill with one image - of the oil platform in the Pacific from the beginning of the movie . 90 . engine voice and we , the owner of the world 's large untapped oil reserve , will become the most powerful car in the world ! ext . street of porto corsa - continuous Finn duck , weave , speed , and push he way through bystander --- finn get out of the way ! andate ! he speed furiously through town . ext . race course - porto corsa - continuous mcqueen and francesco fly past US . int . private room - casino engine voice they will come to we and they will have no choice , `cause they will need we . on finn - he speed up a road , grem and Acer visible ahead of he . he leap over the crevasse toward the amc cousin --- suddenly , finn freeze . he 's immobilize in mid-air ! he look up . a chopper with a large magnet hover over he . acer ( to finn ) we figure you might stop by . engine voice ( v.o. ) and they will finally respect we . so hold you hood high . after today you will never again be ashamed of who you be ! grem and Acer turn back to the camera . they line up shu todoroki , who 's a bit further along now . finn no ! int . private room - casino - continuous engine voice Long live lemon ! 91 . ext . race course grem zap the racer . flame burst from todoroki . he lose control . brent mustangburger ( v.o. ) number seven be loose ! shu todoroki ! shu take down three more car with he and other follow suit . it 's a nightmare pileup . ext . casino - same holley see Finn be fly away by the chopper . holley Finn . ext . finish line - porto corsa - continuous brent mustangburger ( v.o. ) bumper to bumper as they approach the finish line . mcqueen nose out francesco for a win , both oblivious to what 's just happen . brent mustangburger ( v.o. ) mcqueen 's the winner , francesco 's second . and they have no idea what happen behind they . mcqueen yeah ! francesco dah ! this be impossible ! mcqueen that 's what I be talk about . kachow ! hey , where be all the other car ? francesco what be go on ? they see the pile - up from a overhead monitor . siren blare as a medic chopper fly to the scene of the pile -up . 92 . mcqueen ( realize ) oh no . CUT to : mile axlerod - later . he 's near the casino . he 's completely surround , 360 degree , by press . he 's drown out by a blizzard of question . brent mustangburger Sir axlerod ! be the final race in London still go to take place ? pull back to reveal we be watch this on monitor in the private casino room with the lemonhead , Zundapp and mater . mile axlerod ( on tv ) I suppose that ... look , " the show must go on " as they say . but now be not the time to talk about ... J. curby gremlin I can not believe this be really happen . vladimir trunkov shh , quiet ! brent mustangburger ( on tv ) and allinol ? will you require all the racer to still run on allinol ? vladimir trunkov here it come . on mile axlerod : he 's devastate . mile axlerod ( on tv ) I cannot in good conscience continue to risk the life of any more race car . the final race will not be run on allinol . wild whooping cheer fill the room . lemonade cork be pop . brent mustangburger ( on tv ) there you have it . a clearly devastate Sir mile axlerod announce that he will not require the car to use allinol for the final race . 93. professor zundapp a toast ! to the death of allinol and alternative fuel forever ! ext . casino - continuous holley be already on the run . speed away . holley mater . abort the mission . they have get Finn . get out of there . get out of there right now ! she turn a corner and stop . her escape be now block by the same hugo thug she trick before . another vehicle appear behind her , loom . ivan the tow truck how be you grandfather ? int . private room - casino - continuous the lemonhead celebrate , chant " Long live lemon ! " mater , scared , turn to leave . he 's stop by alexander hugo . alexander hugo be not this a great party , Ivan ? mater oh yeah , it 's unbelievable . alexander hugo you be not leave , be you ? mater uh , of course I be not leavin ' . mcqueen ( o.s. ) I be just in shock like everybody ... mater mcqueen ? he turn , see that mcqueen be be interview on the monitor . mcqueen ( on tv ) crashes be part of racing , I know . but something like that should not ever happen . 94 . darrell cartrip ( on tv ) they be let you choose you fuel for the final race . do you have any idea what it 's go to be ? mcqueen ( on tv ) allinol . the excitement suddenly drain from the room . lemonhead - what ?! - do he just say allinol ? after today ? mcqueen ( on tv ) my friend Fillmore say the fuel 's safe . that 's good enough for I . I do not stand by a friend of mine recently . I be not gonna make the same mistake twice . on mater . he take this in . brent mustangburger ( on tv ) so a surprising revelation from lightn mcqueen ... Zundapp be already on the phone with they Big boss who , base on he angry o.s. voice , sound tick off . professor zundapp yes , sir . of course . Zundapp hang up , turn to the room . professor zundapp allinol must be finish for good . mcqueen can not win the last race . lightn mcqueen must be kill . mater 's eye open wide . mater no ! mater back up , knocking he emergency light against one of the monitor . zzzzzat ! his holographic disguise flicker away then quickly scroll through all of he previous disguise , finally revealing rusty old mater . professor zundapp it 's the american spy ! 95 . the thug draw terrifying weapon . mater dadgum . mater' computer " gatling gun " request acknowledge . whirrrrr ! gun roll out of mater on each side . mater shoot . I do not mean --- mater' computer request acknowledge . mater sprays bullet into the crowd . vladimir trunkov get down ! mater whoa !! the lemon and lemonhead hit the deck and return FIRE --- mater be thrown backward by the force of the gun , back through some double door and onto a balcony . mater wait wait ! I do not mean that kind of shoot ! mater' computer correction acknowledge . deploy chute . whoom ! a parachute burst out of the back of mater , he catch air and be yanked into the sky ! the lemonhead watch he float away , amaze . on mater , out of the fry pan but still toasty . he look around , notice : lightning mcqueen , far away , leave the press podium . mater mcqueen ! mater look down at the harbor , over which he fly . he spot a motorboat . mater whip he hook down , steal a ride behind the boat toward mcqueen . 96 . italian motorboat aspetti! the motorboat be not happy about this , try to shake he . mater be thrown into a " HOTEL " sign , then smashes down through a francesco souvenir stand . as he crash onto the ground hard , we smash CUT to --- ext . security checkpoint - winners circle --- a barricade . separate the press from the public , italian security truck stand guard . mater lemme through ! lemme through ! mater barrel around a corner . he 's now cover in francesco memorabilia and palm leave . the word ` hot ' now dangle off he like the world 's biggest bling . he look insane . mater ( to security ) you gotta let I in ! I gotta get through to warn mcqueen ! Security eye one another . this be serious . italian security # 1 you can not come through here . back up , signore . italian security # 2 ( into a walkie - talkie ) we have a lunatic at Gate nove . mater no , listen ! I be disguise as a tow truck to infiltrate this lemonhead meeting and my weapon system misinterperate what I be saying --- italian security # 2 I repeat . lunatic at Gate nove . mater spot mcqueen far off in the distance . mater mcqueen ! mcqueen ! just off the PRESS stage - mcqueen be lead toward the exit . PRESS liaison right this way , signore . 97 . mater ( o.s. ) ( distant ) mcqueen ! mcqueen mater ? mcqueen look up but can only see a sea of vehicle , flashbulb , camera , tv truck with that tall satellite antennae thing that spindle toward the sky ... back at the security barricade - mater , like a nimble run back , dance around to avoid capture by security . mater mcqueen ! italian security # 1 back up , sir . stop move ! stop ! mater head fake they and push through , into the crowd --- italian security # 1 oy ! stop ! ferma li! in the crowd - mater shove he way through . he 's still far in the back . mater mcqueen ! on mcqueen mcqueen that really sound like mater . mater ? PRESS liaison ( to mcqueen ) signore ... on mater , get closer ... mater mcqueen , they be gonna kill you !! on mcqueen - okay , he 's positive that be he friend , but where be he ? mcqueen mater ?! mcqueen spot a tow hook , move through the crowd toward he , " jaw " - like . 98 . mcqueen Excuse I . mcqueen disappear into the press crowd . PRESS liaison no , no , where be you go ? please , Mr. mcqueen ! mcqueen push through the press . mcqueen scusi . mater ! scusi ... mcqueen track the tow hook , get closer . he push through the last few vehicle --- mcqueen mater , I be so glad to see you . I be so sorr --- it 's not mater . it 's ivan , the Hugo thug 's tow truck . ivan the tow truck lightn mcqueen ! I be a huge fan . mcqueen ( confuse ) oh , I be sorry . I think I hear --- ivan the tow truck yes , but that be I . I say , " you kill out there today . " you be the best . mcqueen what ? oh. I mean , thanks . PRESS liaison right this way , signore --- now the Press liaison and he assistant be push mcqueen back in the other direction --- mcqueen ( as he 's pull away ) I really think I hear my friend . as he 's pull away , press and onlooker start to come between he and Ivan , who have not move . 99 . ivan the tow truck ( to mcqueen ) in England you will be finish . at the finish line . Ivan be now obscure again . mcqueen wait , what ? the italian PRESS be to swarm . PRESS liaison please , the world press be wait . you come with I , please . mcqueen be pull back --- ext . STREET - porto corsa - moment later --- just as mater , now bound and with he mouth tape , be pull away and throw into the back of a transport vehicle . he land hard on he side , spit out he tape . mater let I go ! professor zundapp you actually care about that race car . a pity you do not warn he in time . as the door close on mater --- phhhhhssssssttttttt ! a thick , noxious gas start to fill the truck . on mater as the knockout gas work its magic . he eye close . CUT to : black screen . mater ( v.o. ) idiot ? be that how you see I ? finn ( v.o. ) that 's how everyone see you . I tell you , that 's the genius of it . fade in on mater , back at the casino , eyeing he reflection in the glass window . it 's the same moment from before except now we be watch it from a detached , floating perspective . 100 . finn ( over radio ) no one realize they be be fool because they be too busy laugh at the fool . - in the kabuki theater in japan - again , from before . mater make a spectacle of himself , whooping and hollering in the stand with the face paint on . mater domo arigato ! mcqueen , Fillmore , guido , luigi , sarge and patron eye mater , embarrassed and angry . - in the japanese museum - the moment of mater bang on the Zen rock garden 's glass . except that now we see all sort of disappointed and eyebrow raise reaction . mater you do good ! you get all the leave ! jeff gorvette check out that tow truck . lewis hamilton I wonder who that guy 's with ? mcqueen ( humiliated ) will you guy excuse I just for one little second ? we now reveal that this floating , third person perspective be mater . he 's inside he past , watch it from other ' point of view . he do not like what he see . - on mater , now at the sushi bar . mater now that 's a scoop of ice cream ! mater swallow the wasabi with one big bite . he scream ! the sushi bar patron blanch with revulsion at he wail . - on the fountain , as mater peel into full view of everyone else at the party . as mater lap up water from a fountain : mcqueen ( embarrassed ) mater ?! 101 . all the racers , with francesco front and center , guffaw at mater . - on mcqueen , now scolding mater moment later . mater I never leak oil . never . mcqueen mater , you have to get a hold of yourself . you be make a scene ! - in mcqueeen pit garage , after the japanese race . mater wait a minute . I do not screw you up , do I ? mcqueen I lose the race because of you ! mater maybe if I talk to somebody , or --- mcqueen I do not need you help . I do not want you help ! - now back at the party , a moment we do not see before but which presumably happen . mater be banging a ceremonial go , to the horror of japanese guest . mater bang a go , get it on ! gonnonn !!! --- on the partygoer , race car , party staff - they be all laugh at mater as mcqueen 's final word blend in , make a dissatisfied cacophony mcqueen listen , this be not radiator Springs . this be exactly why I do not bring you along to this thing ! off the go at the party --- int . big bentley - day --- to the go of a clock . close on mater as he open he eye . 102 . all around he , all he see be giant piece of mechanized clockwork . holley and finn be here too , strapped bumper to bumper in the divot of large clock movement . mater holley ! Finn ! where be we ? finn we be in London , mater . Inside Big bentley . ext . big bentley - continuous the big hand finish advancing one minute . it 's 3 pm . int . big bentley - continuous suddenly mater drop quickly down toward --- --- whirring , scary machinery . mater woaaaah ! --- whap ! the chain yank to a stop . mater , instead of be 30 foot from death , be now 20 . Finn and holley be only a few click closer to be crush themselves . the clock tick to 3:01 . mater this ... this be all my fault . finn do not be a fool , mater . mater but I be , remember ? you say so . finn when do I ... oh. mater , I be compliment you on what a good spy you be . mater I be not a spy ! this echoe throughout the clock . 103 . mater I have be try to tell you that the whole time . I really be just a tow truck . Finn and holley take this in . holley Finn , he 's not joke . finn I know . mater you be right , Finn . I be a fool . and what 's happen to mcqueen be `cause I be such a big one . this be all my fault . grem and acer arrive on a lift , roll into view on a catwalk . grem good , you be up ! acer and just in time ! grem Professor Z want you to have a front row seat for the death of lightn mcqueen . mater ( hopeful ) he 's still alive ? Acer whip a sheet away , revealing the wgp camera , turn it toward the clock face . acer not for much longer . he push the camera through a open small window , turn it toward the course . mater drop down again --- finn and holley click forward . ext . london - day Big bentley 's big hand click ahead another minute . but we be a bit farther away from it than before . sally ( o.s. ) we come as soon as you call . 104 . int . mcqueen be pit - london Sally , flanke by Red , flo and ramone , be in front of ---- --- mcqueen and the rest of the team . mcqueen I call to talk to mater . it never occur to I that he would not be there . ramone sheriff be talk to Scotland yard right now . flo and sarge be in touch with he friend in the british military . sally you just need to focus on the race . mcqueen I know , but sal , with everything go on I be not sure I should --- a horn o.s. someone 's enter the pit . everyone part , revealing mile axlerod . mcqueen Sir axlerod . mile axlerod I be sorry to interrupt . mcqueen no , no , it 's all right . mile axlerod I just want to come down here and personally thank you . because after Italy , I be finish . and then you give I one last shot . mcqueen listen , I --- mile axlerod and I probably should not be say this at all but ... I hope you win today . show the world that they have be wrong about allinol . mcqueen take this in . he look at Sally . 105 . sally mater would want you to race . mcqueen all right . for mater . ext . the starting grid - moment later tire squeal --- mcqueen , francesco and the other racer peel out --- we pan up to reveal the lemonhead watch from a VIP box . ext . race course - london - day mcqueen lead francesco as they approach Big bentley ... int . big bentley - london - continuous grem here he come ! grem turn up the juice to the highest , death -inducing level . holley and Finn watch , helpless . mater close he eye . grem zap mcqueen . ext . race course - london mcqueen speed past Big bentley , unharme . oblivious to what be suppose to have just happen . int . big bentley - london Zundapp suddenly squawks over the radio . professor zundapp ( over radio ) what happen !? grem I do not know , Professor . acer what do you do ? grem ( to acer ) I do not do nothin' . shh ! I be talk to the Professor --- they be all talk at once and for a moment we cannot understand what be be say . 106 . acer you break it . grem quiet ! ( into radio ) I understand , sir . yes . grem hang up . acer what would he say ? grem we go to the backup plan . mater backup plan ?? grem we snuck a bomb in mcqueen 's pit ! acer the next time he make a stop , instead of say " ka - chow , " he 's gonna go " ka-boom " ! they laugh . mater shudder , upset . grem do not feel bad , tow truck . you could not have save he . acer oh , wait . you could have ! grem and Acer laugh . as they board the elevator : mater dadgum lemon . mater' computer request acknowledge . suddenly , mater 's gatling gun rotate out again - a surprise to mater . but they spin in place , empty . grem and Acer just laugh more . grem what , you do not think we would take you bullet ? mater notice something . 107 . close on what mater sees : a small piece of he rope have be shave away by the gatling . he carefully rotate he gun back in , pretend like he 's see nothing . acer that 's right ! you get nothin' . grem ( as the elevator descend ) who 's the lemon now , huh ? they be gone . finn Nice try , mater . mater dadgum ! mater' computer request ack - the gun rotate out again , spin . mater watch as the spin barrel slice into the rope , do some damage . mater dadgum ! dadgum ! dadgum ! the computer respond with each " dadgum . " the barrel continue to spin , cutting through the rope . mater dadgumdadgumdadgumdadgum --- ping ! the rope break away and mater fall --- right toward the whirring machinery ! holley mater ! mater quickly whip he tow cable around , hook a pipe and toss himself to the ramp with a heavy thud . he do not hesitate : mater I gotta get you all out of there ! finn there 's no time . mcqueen need you help , mater . 108 . mater but I can not , I be just a tow truck . finn it 's up to you . go to the pit and get everyone out . you can do that . mater what about you guy ? finn we will be okay . holley go and get some more dent , mater . ext . big bentley - london mater speed out the front door , a bat out of hell --- int . big bentley - london - same on Finn and holley , now closer to death . holley so we will be " okay " ? really ? finn he would not have leave if I would tell he the truth . ( be : he death trap ) be kill by a clock . give a whole new meaning to " you time have come . " at this mention holley seem to perk up , get a idea . holley time . that 's it ! she spy a gearbox below they , at least 20 foot down . holley fire her electroshockers --- --- but they miss they target . she recoil they back . finn what be you do ? holley try to turn back time . if I can just reverse the polarity ... she fire they again . direct hit ! 109 . holley juice the gearbox with high voltage . the clock stop . it reverse itself . Finn and holley 's wheel now rotate away from danger . finn good job ! Quick think , holley ! ext . london - continuous big bentley , visible from street level , now move backward . fast. crane down to --- --- mater , speed toward the track , unaware . mater what 's everybody on the wrong side of the road for ?! int . big bentley - continuous Finn and holley be now move in the opposite direction , toward another gear ! and it 's go much faster . they be second from a crush death ... holley oh no ! finn drive ! they both drive , fast as they can with full force --- finn burn rubber !! they drive harder , separate bumper with just enough room for the descend gear to SNAP there rope ! they tire spin , they both launch off in opposite direction , land hard on oppose platform . as Finn squeal around to holley 's side of the clock : finn we have get to get to the course . calculate the fastest way to --- holley pop wing out of she side . holley done . 110 . finn ( impressed ) miss shiftwell . holley they be standard issue now . finn you kid get all the good hardware . they turn to leave when they stop , see something . it 's a AIR filter on the ground . holley oh no . that 's mater 's . finn I know he escape be too easy . ext . big bentley - london Finn burst out the front door of Big bentley , speed off as holley smashes through the clock face , careen into view fly over the traffic --- int . pit row - track side - day mater burst through the security gate with aplomb , tear through the pit and stop at mcqueen be . luigi mater ! mater everybody get out ! get out now ! y'all gotta get out the pit ! the entire radiator spring gang be here . mater hey , what be you guy do here ? sally we be here because of you , mater . flo be everything okay ? mater no ! everything 's not okay ! there 's a bomb in here ! y'all gotta get out ! now ! 111 . everyone - a bomb ? - huh ? - woah . finn ( over radio ) mater ! mater ( into radio ) Finn ! you be okay ! ext . london street - continuous finn mater , listen to I . the bomb be on you . on he rearview display : we can see that a bomb have be detect , anchore to mater 's air filter . finn they know you would try to help mcqueen . when we be knock out they plant it in you air filter . int . mcqueen be pit - continuous mater snort , blow he air filter cover off . Cross -ey , mater see the explosive device attach to he . he look up : a allinol container hang ominously over he head . mater uh-oh . mcqueen mater ! there you be ! mater turn . mcqueen enter pit row , 100 yard away and close in fast . mater stop right there ! mcqueen oh man , I have be so worried about you ! CUT to : the view of this scene through the window of a luxury box . reveal Zundapp in the window 's reflection . he 's watch from inside . he 's poise to push a detonator button . as Zundapp 's front tire approach the detonator --- 112 . int . mcqueen be pit - continuous mater do not come any closer ! mcqueen be you okay ? mater no , I be not okay . stay away from I !! mater peel out backward , out onto the track . mcqueen no , wait . wait ! CUT to : professor zundapp - he hesitates , can not believe it . tv footage of mcqueen chasing mater brent mustangburger ( v.o. ) hold everything . a tow truck have just race onto the track . and he 's drive backwards ! in mcqueeen pit mcqueen mater , wait ! he breeze right through he pit , go after mater . david hobbscap ( v.o. ) normally a emergency vehicle on the track mean there 's be a accident . brent mustangburger ( v.o. ) wait , wait . lightn mcqueen be chase he ! ext . track - day mater drive up the track . mcqueen gain , fast . because mater 's go backwards , they be face - to- face ( but still with some distance between they ) . mcqueen mater , wait ! 113. mater stay back ! if you get close to I , you gonna get hurt real bad ! mcqueen I know I make you feel that way before , but none of that matter because we be best friend ! CUT to : tv footage of mcqueen chasing mater brent mustangburger ( v.o. ) and mcqueen seem to be have a conversation with the tow truck ! darrell cartrip ( v.o. ) I do not know who that truck be , Brent . but I will tell you what , he 's gotta be the world 's best backwards driver . reveal zundapp be watch this footage from he luxury box . the closer mcqueen get to mater the farther he tire roll onto the detonator . but he hold back ever so slightly so as not to jump the gun . on the track - mcqueen gain on mater . mater mcqueen , you do not get it . I be the bomb ! mcqueen yes , mater ! you be the bomb ! that 's what I be try to say here . you have always be the bomb ! and you will always be the bomb . mater stay away ! mcqueen no! never ! on zundapp . he watch as mcqueen speed up . professor zundapp almost there ... on mcqueen . he 's have enough screwing around . here he come . mcqueen I be not ... let you ... 114 . he 's go to catch he now . mcqueen ... get away again ! mcqueen jump forward , in a attempt to grab mater 's hook --- mater ( to himself ) gotta keep away from mcqueen . mcqueen hook mater with he bumper just as --- mater' computer request acknowledge . turbine rocket slide out of mater . mcqueen oh my gosh ! bawhoooooom !!!!! mater jolt forward with a rocket blast and disappear , take mcqueen with he . on zundapp . he now freely push the detonator , but it say " out of range . " Zundapp can not believe it . he flip out . farther up the track - francesco speed along . zhwaaaaap !!! mater and mcqueen zing past he with a red blur . francesco what be happen ? it 's a bad dream . now even farther up the track - mater take a turn , smashes through a fence and skid around a corner out of sight . a white , smoky jet trail be all that remain . in mcqueen be pit - all of radiator Springs watch the television monitor , dumbfounded . brent mustangburger ( v.o. ) and lightn mcqueen just blast away , hook to the now rocket - propel tow truck . CUT to : ext . street of london - day overhead p.o.v. : mater and mcqueen swerve through the street . 115 . int . luxury BOX - continuous Zundapp be still furiously hit the button as holley drop into view just beyond the glass . freak , Zundapp do a 180 and smashes out a plate glass window , land on a ridiculously large balloon tethere to the ground , and speed off --- int . adjacent luxury BOX - continuous the lemonhead watch , baffle , as Zundapp drive away . J. curby gremlin the Professor 's on the run . tubb pacer someone 's gotta get mcqueen . vladimir trunkov get mcqueen !! grem and Acer be already out the door --- ext . side STREET - same Finn speed into view , in time to see Zundapp turn a corner out of sight . finn holley . I will get Zundapp , you help mater . ext . track - same holley , still in the air , turn --- holley get it ! farther up the track - holley thunder past francesco and out of sight . francesco what be happen ?! ext . street of london - same Finn scream around a corner , see --- --- Professor Zundapp , speed toward dock along the Thames where a combat ship wait . 116 . combat ship hurry , Professor ! on zundapp - with Finn gain fast , he accelerate . suddenly --- whap ! he 's be tethered by Finn with tensile cable now attach to he rear end . Zundapp scream like a little girl . finn do you really think I be go to let you float away , Professor ? Finn reel he in . Zundapp spin he wheel , catch . suddenly Zundapp miraculously , inconceivably , gain traction ! now it 's finn' wheel that be spin . on the combat ship - the electromagnet have be turn outward and switch on . he 's pulling zundapp and finn in with the magnetic force . he pull out a laser , target it at Finn 's windshield . CUT to : ext . london street - same mater , still towing mcqueen , rocket around a corner , zip down another street --- mater mcqueen , let go ! mcqueen never ! they pass a gremlin with a headset . on grem and acer - down another side street . they get this message , take off in the opposite direction . CUT back to : ext . dock near the thame - continuous finn , tire squealing , lose more and more ground to the boat . Zundapp , the " rope " in this tug-of - war , buckle under the tension . professor zundapp give it up , mcmissile ! Finn release a mess of bullet , grenade , and other weaponry into the air --- 117 . the magnet suck it in quickly like a black hole --- thunk ! it all stick to the magnet , right next to finn' bullet . they be bomb , grenade , rocket and one little detonator with a flash , beep light . off the boat 's rxn --- CUT to : another part of london , at STREET level ka - boooooom ! a distant explosion ( mile away ) festoon into the air , visible over the rooftop . holley suddenly wing into view . she see --- mater and mcqueen , speed up the street . holley mater , stop ! mater no way ! you could get hurt ! then she look over , catch a glimpse of grem and acer , bear down on they from a side street . they be go to broadside mater and mcqueen . holley oh no . on mater and mcqueen - they be not aware of the impending impact . holley drop from the sky , hit the pavement , skid into the path of the amc and deflect they . they flip over holley , Finn and mcqueen and sail --- --- into a pub --- --- where they skid across the room and slam into the bar , knock a row of Beer mug to the ground . in the pub - moment later grem and Acer be pulverize by the bar patron . ext . london STREET - moment later holley , mcqueen and mater be now stop . holley mater , we have get to get that bomb off you . 118. she 's already scanning the bomb , work away . mcqueen bomb ? mater yeah , they strapped it to I to kill you as a back - up plan . mcqueen back - up plan ? mater , who put a bomb on you ? professor zundapp ( o.s. ) ahhhhh ! Professor Zundapp suddenly roll to a stop next to ( a now totally freak ) mcqueen , entangle in grapple hook care of --- --- Finn , who have he leash . professor zundapp ( to mcqueen ) you . why do not my death ray kill you ? mcqueen death ray ? finn turn off the bomb , Zundapp ! professor zundapp be you all so dense ? it 's voice - activate . everything be voice - activate this day . mater deactivate ! deactivate ! bomb' computer voice Voice deny . the bomb suddenly transform into a time bomb , now complete with a countdown mechanism from 4:59 ... 4:58 ... mater gasp . professor zundapp oops . do I forget to mention that it can only be disarm by the one who activate it ? holley immediately shove a gun in Zundapp 's grill . 119 . holley say it ! professor zundapp deactivate . bomb' computer voice Voice deny . the bomb' timer : it lose a full minute ! go from 4:48 to 3:48 to 3:47 ... mater gasp . professor zundapp ( grinning ) I be not the one who activate it . would anyone else like to try ? zzzzzzattt ! holley shock he unconscious . finn ( to holley ) you read my mind . holley he be get on my nerve . mcqueen what do we do ? victor hugo ( o.s. ) it 's very simple . victor hugo block the entrance to a side street . he 's surround by Hugo relative . victor hugo you blow up . the four street surround they be now block by each of the lemonhead and they family . mcqueen ( to mater ) I be gonna go out on a limb here . this be the guy that want I dead , correct ? vladimir trunkov it 's nothing personal . mater ( to the lemon ) feller , listen . ( more ) 120 . mater ( cont 'd ) I know what you be go through . everybody 's be laugh at I my whole life too --- mcqueen turn to mater - he be not expect that . the lemon all eye each other , consider mater 's word . mater --- but become powerful and rich beyond you wildest dream be not gonna make you feel better . J. curby gremlin yeah , but it 's worth a shot . whoom !!! he 's broadsided by a blast of water from o.s. it 's Red ! he 's sit outside a underground entrance , follow by Sally and the rest of the radiator Springs gang . all out war ensue between the lemon , radiator spring along with finn and holley . finn attaches he four- way cable hook to the thug and spring high in the air , crush the four of they together . holley sprout she wing , and knock out two car on she side . various shot of radiator spring kicking butt : guido pull some lemon tire off with he air gun . in second he have a stack of lugnut next to he . guido pit stop . the two pacer ' tire all fall off . flo hit vladimir trunkov with she high - beam , blinding he . sheriff boot he . sheriff not today , boy ! guido push away he tireless thug , yelling at he in italian . mater karate chop lemon , three and four at a time . ramone spray paint a lemon 's windshield . 121. tubb pacer retreat ! a few lemon turn back the way they come . blocking there path be a line of british military vehicle clad in digital camo , lead by sarge . sarge thanks for the help , corporal . british corporal anything for one of pop 's mate . and in the middle of all of this craziness we CUT to --- --- mater . wrench bit be strewn all around he as guido try wrench after wrench to take the bolt off . no dice . guido gesture wildly , spit italian a mile a minute . mcqueen what 's he say ?! what 's wrong !? luigi none of he wrench fit the bolt ! this be a light bulb moment for mater . he eye the bolt . mater I get it . I get it ! I know what need to be do . mcqueen then do it ! mater what ? no , I can not do it . look , nobody take I seriously . I know that now . this be not radiator Springs . mcqueen yes it be . mater look at mcqueen . it be ? mcqueen you be yourself in radiator Springs . be yourself here . and if people be not take you seriously , then they need to change . not you . I know that , because I be wrong before . now you can do this . you be the bomb . 122. mater thanks , buddy . mcqueen no no no , you be the actual bomb . now let 's go ! mater oh , right ! hang on ! mater hook mcqueen and they be off . they shoot past finn , who 's in the middle of battle lemon . finn where 's he go ? on mater and mcqueen - Flying down a side street . mater Computer ! mater' computer yes , agent mater . mater I need that thing you do before to get I away from mcqueen ! mater' computer request acknowledge . the rocket thruster kick in . they head right for a wall . mcqueen mater ... mater now I need you to do the chute , the second kind not the first ! mater' computer deploy chute . mater 's chute pop OPEN , catch air and send mater and mcqueen sailing into the AIR . mater start to steer they the direction he want . he and mcqueen be flying over london . ext . balcony - buckingham palace - day the queen , she attendant , assort dignitary be here . 123. queen who 's win the race ? mater and mcqueen drop from the sky . they land and skid to a halt just before the Queen 's guard who draw there weapon . queen' guard back up ! back away ! queen ( STAR -struck ) it 's lightn mcqueen ! queen' guard get back ! mcqueen no , no , it 's okay ! tell they , mater. explain . mater okay ! somebody 's be sabotage the racer and hurt the car and I know who . oh wait ... you majesty . mater bow to the Queen . in do so , the ticking time bomb angle into view . the clock 's at t-minus 1:53 . queen' guard - bomb ! - it 's a bomb ! - everybody down ! - look out ! finn ( o.s. ) hold you fire ! he can not disarm it ! Finn dive onto the platform and roll between the Queen and mater . finn mater , I do not know what you be do but stand down now ! mater ( aside , to mcqueen ) this be not nothing at all like radiator Springs . mcqueen mater , just cut to the chase ! mater okay . 124 . he turn to mile axlerod . mater it 's he . mile axlerod what ? I ? you have get to be crazy . everyone exchange confuse look , include Finn and holley . mater I figure it out when I realize you all attach this tick time bomb with whitworth bolt . the same bolt that hold together that old british engine from the photograph . holley ! show that picture . holley o-kay ... holley project the much discuss photo of the engine . mater and then I remember what they say about old british engine - " if there be not no oil under `em , there be not no oil in `em . " mile axlerod what be he talk about ? mater it be you leak oil at the party in Japan . you just blame it on I . mile axlerod electric car do not use oil , you twit . mater then you be fake it . you do not convert to no electric . we pop that hood we gonna see that engine from that picture right there . mater move toward mile axlerod to pop he hood . mile axlerod this lorry 's crazy . he 's go to kill we all ! mile axlerod back up to the edge of the stage . 125 . mile axlerod stay away ! holley but Sir axlerod create the race , mater . why would he want to hurt anyone ? mater to make allinol look bad so everybody would go back to use oil . I mean , he say it himself with that disguise voice . mile axlerod " dee-sguise voice ? " what be you talk about ? you be nut , you be ! the queen' guard have have enough . as have the prince . prince wheeliam this be go nowhere fast . we really should go , grandmother . queen one moment . I would like to see where this be go . finn mater , he create allinol . mater yeah , but what if he find that huge oil field just as the world be try to find something else ? mater stick he tick bomb -nose into mile axlerod 's grill . mater what if he come up with allinol just to make alternative fuel look bad ? mile axlerod " what if ? " you be base this on a " what if " ?! guard okay , that 's it . and the queen' guard spirit the Queen and Prince wheeliam out of there fast --- 126 . mile axlerod wait ! somebody save I ! the lorry 's crazy ! now it 's just mile axlerod , mater , mcqueen , Finn and holley . mile axlerod 's back tire slip on the edge of the podium as he be cornere by mater . mile axlerod keep away , you idiot ! 00:00:08 ... finn mater ! holley mater ! 00:03...00:02 ... mile axlerod someone do something ! everyone flinch , duck or dive for cover except mcqueen , mater and axlerod --- mile axlerod you be insane , you be ! deactivate !! the bomb freeze at 00:01 . the bomb' computer voice bomb deactivate . have a nice day , Sir axlerod . General shock all around . mile axlerod realize what he 's do , look terrify . Police surround he . mater fling mile axlerod 's hood open with he hook , revealing a internal combustion engine , oil drip from all side . it match the photo . finn the engine from the photo . holley it 's a perfect match ! mile axlerod how do the tow truck figure it out ? 127 . mcqueen ( to mater ) it 's official . you be come to all my race from now on . mater now you be talk ! Tire bump . ext . buckingham palace - day a massive crowd pack the adjacent street and park . int . buckingham palace - day mater do the requisite " silly face " in a attempt to break the composure of a Buckingham Palace Guard . it be not work . mcqueen approach . mcqueen mater , let 's go . you be on . int . queen' chamber - buckingham palace - day the Queen sit in attention at the front of the Main ballroom . as mater and mcqueen approach : lord steward you majesty . May I present for the investiture of honorary knighthood of the british realm . tow mater of radiator Springs . mcqueen go get `em , buddy . mcqueen join he friend from radiator Springs . mater roll forward . he bow , as if he 's practice it all day . queen I hereby dub thee " Sir tow mater . " applause from all around . mater ( look up ) " Sir ? " shoot , you can just call I mater , you majesty . I do not wanna hear none of this " Sir " business . by the way , have y'all meet each other ? Queen ? mcqueen . mcqueen , Queen . mcqueen ? mcmissile . ( more ) 128. mater ( cont 'd ) mcmissile , mcqueen . Queen ? mcmissile . he continue introduce everyone as we CUT to --- ext . radiator spring - day the town sign now read " welcome to radiator spring - home of lightning mcqueen and sir tow mater . " ext . flo' - day Cars surround mater and mcqueen . the rest of the radiator Springs gang be here too , watch . van and minny be front and center . mater so there I be : rocket jet go full blast , mcqueen hang on for dear life when suddenly they two nasty lemon come out of nowhere , gun draw . we be goner . but then out of nowhere , this beautiful spy car swoops in from the sky to save we ! minny that 's a very entertaining story , young man . van oh , minny , please . come on , none of this happen . rocket jet ? Flying spy car ? holley no , you be quite right . it do sound a bit far-fetched . the crowd turn , see holley , wing out , swoop in . finn be right below she , drive up the street . mater holley ! Finn ! holley hello , mater . it 's so nice to see you again . mater what be you do here ? 129 . finn we satellite pick up a urgent communique . luigi so you get my e-mail . mater oh , man . y'all be gonna have a great time . everybody ! this here 's Finn mcmissile . he 's a secret agent . ( whisper ) do not tell nobody . and this be holley shiftwell . she 's --- holley I be mater 's girlfriend . it 's so nice to meet you all . everyone be shocked . include mater . guido 's jaw drop . luigi ( to mater ) guido believe you now . flo ( to holley ) whoa , honey . you get a nasty dent there . indeed , holley still wear the dent from when she save mater from grem and Acer . van ( already crush on she ) be that from when you swoop in and save they in London ? minny Van ! van what ? I be just ask . flo ( to holley ) do not you worry , sweet pea . my baby ramone can get that fix up for you in no time . ramone yeah , sure thing . no problemo . just let I go get my tool . 130 . holley oh no no . I be keep that dent . it 's way too valuable . mater take this in . lizzie a " valuable " dent ? oh , she 's as crazy as mater . mack that two be perfect for each other . mcqueen you know , there 's one thing I still do not get . the bad guy hit I with the beam from the camera , right ? so why do not I , you know ... mater explode in a fiery inferno ? mcqueen yeah . finn we could not figure that one out either . holley we investigation prove that allinol be actually gasoline . and mile axlerod engineered it so that when it get hit by the beam it would explode . mcqueen wait a second . Fillmore , you say my fuel be safe . mcqueen turn to Fillmore . everyone do . fillmore if you be imply that I switch out that rotgut excuse for alternative fuel with my all - natural , sustainable , organic biofuel just because I never trust axlerod , you be dead wrong , man . ( re : sarge ) it be he . 131 . sarge once Big oil , always Big oil . man. fillmore Tree hugger . ext . MAIN STREET - later a banner say " radiator Springs Grand prix . " sheriff roll up the street . sheriff the radiator Springs Grand prix be about to begin ! all spectator clear the start line ! mcqueen head up Main Street , other racer follow . lewis hamilton man , I can not wait to get rockin' . this be gonna be wick . jeff gorvette yeah , we should do this every year . mcqueen I just figure , we never find out who the world 's fastest car be . plus : no press , no trophy . just racing - the way I like it . francesco francesco like it like this too . mcqueen sees Sally . he and francesco approach she . mcqueen francesco . I would like you to meet --- francesco signorina Sally . it be official : lightn mcqueen be the luckiest car in the world . sally ( swooning ) why , thank you --- francesco which he will have to be to have a chance against francesco today . francesco turn to leave . as he 's move away : 132 . francesco see you at the finish line , mc--- francesco stop . francesco what be that ? mcqueen have a new bumper sticker : " ka-ciao , francesco . " mcqueen it 's just something I have make up for the occasion . francesco be good , mcqueen . very funny . it be funnier when I do it , but it 's very funny . what be you go to do next ? be you go to take off you fender ? try it . you will like it . francesco leave . we stay with mcqueen and Sally . sally so he 's not so good - look . mcqueen yeah . Nice try . sally I be serious . mcqueen that 's why I love you , Sally . ( as he leave ) wish I luck . sally you do not need it ! he drive off . flo approach Sally . flo mmm-mmm . that francesco be fine - look . sally and that open wheel . flo I be gonna have to go get myself some coolant . 133. ext . MAIN STREET - later the racer at the start grid . on the traffic light in the center of town . it go from red to GREEN ! the racers speed off , tear up main street and out of town , blaze past tourist --- ext . willy butte - day as the racer , lead by mcqueen and francesco , take the wide , sweeping turn around willy 's butte we crane up to see mater , finn , holley , and the radiator Springs gang watch . everyone cheer . mater go mcqueen !! whoo-hoo !!! holley get a alert . holley Finn , time to go . siddeley 's gass , gear and ready to fly . Finn start to back up . mater you be leave already ? finn we have get another mission , mater . just stop by here to " pick something up . " they both eye mater , expectantly . mater something tell I you be not talk about souvenir bumper sticker . finn her majesty ask for you personally , mater . mater but I tell you all before . I be not a spy . holley we know . 134 . finn spy or not , you be still the smartest , most honest chap we have ever meet . holley do not forget massively charming . mater look over at holley . he look touch . mater well , thanks . but as much fun as it be hang with y'all , this ... he look over to he friend who watch the race , cheer mcqueen on . mater this be home . holley that 's alright , we understand . but I will be back . you still owe I that first date . finn if there 's ever anything I can do for you , just let I know . mater well , I sure appreciate that , thank you . ( thinks ) actually ... there be one thing . CUT to : ext . radiator spring - moment later mater , blaze forward fast . mater whoo-hoo !!! he rocket forward , through the whole town . in do so he grab a broken down otis , hook he --- otis whoa !!! --- and tossing he right into ramone 's . otis ( o.s. ) thanks , mater ! 135 . on the " race track " - mater fly past all the racer , include francesco --- francesco impossible ! --- until he approach mcqueen . mcqueen mater !? mater ( keeping pace ) check it out . they let I keep the rocket ! mcqueen I will see you at the finish line , buddy ! mater not if I see you first ! mcqueen and mater peel away from the rest of the racer , lead they off the road and into the dirt for another lap . the two friend be side by side when we fade out . the end