casablanca released : 1942 Studio : Warner bros. running time : 102 minute director : Michael curtiz Producers : hal B. wallis , Jack L. Warner screenplay : julius J. Epstein Philip G. Epstein Howard koch base on the play everybody goe to rick be by Murray burnett , Joan alison when production begin the script be only half complete , near the end of production the script be literally be write the night before , and in the final day of filming , the dialogue for some scene be write while shoot be actually in progress and then rush to the set . dialogue for the final second of the film be even add well after production have be complete . it be therefore accurate to say that no complete production script for casablanca exist . the script that follow be therefore a synthesis of extant version of the shoot script , the continuity script , and a close analysis of the finish film . fade in : insert - a revolve globe . when it stop revolve it turn briefly into a contour map of Europe , then into a flat map . superimpose over this map be scene of refugee flee from all section of Europe by foot , wagon , auto , and boat , and all converge upon one point on the tip of Africa -- casablanca . arrow on the map illustrate the route take as the voice of a narrator describe the migration . narrator ( v.o. ) with the come of the second World War , many eye in imprison Europe turn hopefully , or desperately , toward the freedom of the Americas . Lisbon become the great embarkation point . but not everybody could get to Lisbon directly , and so , a tortuous , roundabout refugee trail spring up . Paris to marseille , across the Mediterranean to oran , then by train , or auto , or foot , across the rim of Africa to casablanca in french Morocco . here , the fortunate one , through money , or influence , or luck , might obtain exit visa and scurry to Lisbon , and from Lisbon to the New World . but the other wait in casablanca -- and wait -- and wait -- and wait . the narrator 's voice fade away ... CUT to : ext . old moorish section of the CITY - day at first only the turret and rooftop be visible against a torrid sky . the facade of the moorish building give way to a narrow , twist street crowded with the polyglot life of a native quarter . the intense desert sun hold the scene in a torpid tranquility . activity be unhurry and sound be mute . CUT to : int . police station - day a police officer take a piece of paper from the typewriter , turn to a microphone , and read . police officer to all officer ! two german courier carry important official document murder on train from oran . murderer and possible accomplice head for casablanca . round up all suspicious character and search they for steal document . important ! CUT to : ext . a STREET in the old moorish section - day a officer blows he whistle several time . there be pandemonium as native guard begin to round up people . a police car , full of officer , with siren blaring , scream through the street and stop in the market . some try to escape but be catch by the police and load into a police wagon . at a street corner two policemen stop a white civilian and question he . first policeman May we see you papers ? civilian ( nervously ) I do not think I have they on I . first policeman in that case , we will have to ask you to come along . the civilian pat he pocket . civilian wait . it 's just possible that I ... yes , here they be . he bring out he papers . the second policeman examine they . second policeman this papers expire three week ago . you will have to come along . suddenly the civilian break away and start to run wildly down the street . the policeman shout " halt " , but the civilian keep go . jan and annina brandel , a very young and attractive refugee couple from Bulgaria , watch as the civilian pass . they have be thrust by circumstance from a simple country life into a unfamiliar and hectic world . a shot ring out , and the man fall to the ground . above he , paint on the wall , be a large poster of marshal petain , which read : " je tien me promess , meme celle des autre . " the policeman frantically search the body , but only find free french literature . CUT to : ext . palais do justice - day we see a inscription carve in a marble block along the roofline of the building : " liberte , egalite , fraternite " we see the the facade , french in architecture , then the high - vault entrance which be inscribe " palais de justice " . at the entrance the arrest suspect be lead in by the police . CUT to : ext . sidewalk cafe - day a middle - age english couple sit at a table just off the square , and observe the commotion across the way in front of the palais de justice . the police van pull up . the rear door be open and people stream out . a european man , sit at a table nearby , watch the English couple more closely than the scene on the street . englishwoman what on earth 's go on there ? englishman I do not know , my dear . the european walk over to the couple . european pardon , pardon , monsieur , pardon Madame , have you not hear ? englishman we hear very little , and we understand even less . european two german courier be find murder in the desert ... the unoccupy desert . this be the customary roundup of refugee , liberal , and uh , of course , a beautiful young girl for monsieur renault , the prefect of Police . CUT to : ext . palais do justice - day suspect be herde out of the van , and into the palais de justice . CUT to : ext . sidewalk cafe - day european unfortunately , along with this unhappy refugee the scum of Europe have gravitate to casablanca . some of they have be wait year for a visa . he put he leave arm compassionately around the englishman , and reach behind the man with he right hand . european I beg of you , monsieur , watch yourself . be on guard . this place be full of vulture , vulture everywhere , everywhere . the englishman seem to be take aback by this sudden display of concern . englishman ha , ha , thank you , thank you very much . european not at all . au revoir , monsieur . au revoir , Madame . he leave . the englishman , still a trifle disconcert by the european 's action , watch he as he leave . englishman au revoir . amuse little fellow . waiter ! as he pat both he breast and pants pocket he realize there be something miss . englishman oh . how silly of I . englishwoman what , dear ? englishman I have leave my wallet in the hotel . englishwoman oh . suddenly the englishman look off in the direction of the depart european , the cloud of suspicion gather . interrupt overhead be the drone of a low fly airplane . they look up . CUT to : ext . overhead shot - day a airplane cut its motor for landing . CUT to : ext . palais do justice - day refugees wait in line outside the palais de justice . they upturn gaze follow the flight of the plane . in they face be reveal one hope they all have in common , and the plane be the symbol of that hope . Jan and annina look up at the plane . annina ( wistfully ) perhaps tomorrow we will be on that plane . CUT to : ext . overhead shot - day the plane swoops down past a sign atop a building at the edge of the airport . the sign read " Rick 's Cafe americain . " CUT to : ext . airfield - day as the plane land a swastika on its tail be clearly visible . it taxi to a stop as a group of officer march into formation in front of it . behind they stand a detail of native soldier keep guard . in the group be captain louis renault , a french officer appoint by Vichy as prefect of Police in casablanca . he be a handsome , middle - age frenchman , debonair and gay , but withal a shrewd and alert official . with he be herr heinze , the german consul , captain tonelli , a italian officer , and lieutenant casselle , renault 's aide . when the plane door open , the first passenger to step out be a tall , middle - age , pale german with a smile that seem more the result of a freeze face muscle than a cheerful disposition . on any occasion when major strasser be cross , he expression harden into iron . herr heinze step up to he with upraise arm . heinze Heil Hitler . strasser Heil Hitler . they shake hand . heinze it be very good to see you again , Major strasser . strasser thank you . thank you . heinze introduce strasser to renault . heinze May I present Captain renault , Police prefect of casablanca . Major strasser . renault salute . renault unoccupy France welcome you to casablanca . strasser ( in perfect English , smile ) thank you , Captain . it 's very good to be here . renault Major strasser , my aide , Lieutenant casselle . as they acknowledge each other , Captain tonelli barge in front of casselle and salute strasser . tonelli Captain tonelli , the italian service , at you command , Major . strasser that be kind of you . but tonelli get no further than that as strasser turn again to renault . they walk away from the plane , heinze follow , with casselle and tonelli bring up the rear , engage in a heat exchange of word . renault you may find the climate of casablanca a trifle warm , Major . strasser oh , we Germans must get use to all climate , from Russia to the sahara . but perhaps you be not refer to the weather . renault ( sidestep the implication with a smile ) what else , my dear Major ? strasser ( casually ) by the way , the murder of the courier , what have be do ? renault realizing the importance of the case , my man be round up twice the usual number of suspect . heinze we already know who the murderer be . strasser good . be he in custody ? renault oh , there be no hurry . tonight he will be at Rick 's . everybody come to rick . strasser I have already hear about this cafe , and also about Mr. Rick himself . dissolve to : ext . rick's cafe - night the neon sign above the door be brightly light . customer arrive and go in through the front door . from inside we hear sound of music and laughter . the song be " it have to be you . " again we isolate on the neon sign . insert sign : " Rick 's Cafe americain " . we follow a group of customer inside . int . rick's cafe - MAIN room - night Rick 's be a expensive and chic nightclub which definitely possess a air of sophistication and intrigue . SAM , a middle - age negro , sit on a stool before a small , salmon - color piano on wheel , play and sing while accompany by a small orchestra . all about he there be the hum of voice , chatter and laughter . the occupant of the room be varied . there be european in they dinner jacket , they woman beautifully begown and bejewel . there be moroccan in silk robe . Turks wear fezze . levantine . Naval officer . member of the foreign legion , distinguished by they kepis . two man sit at a table . man wait , wait , wait . I will never get out of here . I will die in casablanca . his companion seem uninterested in he dilemma . Sympathy be evidently in short supply in casablanca . at another table a very well - dress woman talk toa moor . she have a bracelet on she wrist . no other jewelry . woman but can not you make it just a little more ? please . moor I be sorry , Madame , but diamond be a drug on the market . everybody sell diamond . there be diamond everywhere . two thousand , four hundred . woman all right . on to another table where two conspirator talk . conspirator the truck be wait , the man be wait . everything be ... he stop abruptly as two german officer walk by . a refugee and another man converse at another table . man it 's the fishing smack santiago . it leave at one tomorrow night , here from the end of La medina . third boat . refugee thank you , oh , thank you . man and bring fifteen thousand francs in cash . remember , in cash . on the way to the bar we pass several table and hear a babel of foreign tongue . here and there we catch a scattered phrase or sentence in English . sacha , a friendly young Russian bartender , hand a drink to a customer with the Russian equivalent of " bottom up . " the customer answer with " cheerio . " carl , the waiter , be a fat , jovial german refugee with 10 . spectacle . he walk , tray in hand , to a private door , over which abdul , a large , burly man , stand guard . carl open up , Abdul . abdul ( respectfully ) yes , herr Professor . Abdul open the door and Carl go into the gambling room . int . rick's cafe - gambling room - night they be much activity at the various table . at one table two women and a man play card . they glance at another table . one of they call to Carl . first woman uh , waiter . carl yes , Madame ? first woman will you ask Rick if he will have a drink with we ? carl Madame , he never drink with customer . never . I have never see he . second woman ( disappointedly ) what make saloon - keeper so snobbish ? man ( to Carl ) perhaps if you tell he I run the second large banking house in Amsterdam . carl the second large ? that would not impress Rick . the lead banker in Amsterdam be now the pastry chef in we kitchen . man we have something to look forward to . 11 . carl and he father be the bell boy . Carl laugh . the overseer walk up to a table with a paper in he hand . then we see a drink and a man 's hand , but nothing more . the overseer place a check on the table . the hand pick up the check and write on it , in pencil , " okay - Rick . " the overseer take the check . we now see rick , sit at a table alone play solitary chess . Rick be a american of indeterminate age . there be no expression on he face -- complete deadpan . there be a commotion at the door as people attempt to come into the gambling room . he nod approval to Abdul . then a german appear in the doorway . Abdul look to Rick who glance back toward the open door and nod " no " . Abdul start to close the door on the man . abdul I be sorry sir , this be a private room . german of all the nerve ! who do you think ... I know there 's gambling in there ! there 's no secret . you dare not keep I out of here ! the man try to push he way through the door as Rick walk up . rick ( coldly ) yes ? what 's the trouble ? abdul this gentleman -- the german interrupt and wave he card . german I have be in every gambling room between honolulu and Berlin and if you think I be go to be keep out of a saloon like this , you be very much mistaken . at this moment ugarte , a small , thin man with a nervous air , 12 . try to squeeze through the doorway block by the german . if he be a american , ugarte would look like a tout . he get through and pass Rick . ugarte uh , excuse I , please . hello , rick. rick ( softly ) hello ugarte . Rick look at the german calmly , take the card out of he hand , and tear it up . rick you cash be good at the bar . german what ! do you know who I be ? rick I do . you be lucky the bar 's open to you . german this be outrageous . I shall report it to the angriff ! the german storm off , toss the piece of he card into the air behind he . Rick meet ugarte on he way back to he table . ugarte ( fawn ) huh . you know , Rick , watch you just now with the deutsch Bank one would think you would be do this all you life . rick ( stiffening ) well , what make you think I have not ? ugarte ( vaguely ) oh , nothing . but when you first come to casablanca , I think -- rick ( coldly ) 13 . -- you think what ? fearing to offend Rick , ugarte laugh . ugarte what right do I have to think ? ugarte pull out a chair at Rick 's table . ugarte May I ? too bad about that two german courier , be not it ? rick ( indifferently ) they get a lucky break . yesterday they be just two german clerk . today they be the ' honore Dead ' . ugarte you be a very cynical person , Rick , if you will forgive I for say so . ugarte sit down . rick ( shortly ) I forgive you . a waiter come up to the table with a tray of drink . he place one before ugarte . ugarte thank you . ( to Rick ) will you have a drink with I please ? rick no . ugarte I forget . you never drink with ... ( to waiter ) I will have another , please . ( to Rick , sadly ) you despise I , do not you ? rick ( indifferently ) if I give you any think , I probably would . ugarte but why ? oh , you object to the kind he take 14 . of business I do , huh ? but think of all that poor refugee who must rot in this place if I do not help they . that 's not so bad . through way of my own I provide they with exit visa . rick for a price , ugarte , for a price . ugarte but think of all the poor devil who cannot meet renault 's price . I get it for they for half . be that so parasitic ? rick I do not mind a parasite . I object to a cut-rate one . ugarte well , Rick , after tonight I will be through with the whole business , and I be leave finally this casablanca . rick who do you bribe for you visa ? renault or yourself ? ugarte ( ironically ) myself . I find myself much more reasonable . a envelope from he pocket and lay it on the table . ugarte look , Rick , do you know what this be ? something that even you have never see . letter of transit sign by General de gaulle . can not be rescind , not even question . Rick appear ready to take they form ugarte . ugarte one moment . tonight I will be sell that for more money than even I have ever dream of , and then , addio casablanca ! you know , Rick , I have many friend in casablanca , but somehow , just because you despise I you be the only one I trust . will you keep this for I ? please . 15 . rick for how long ? ugarte perhaps a hour , perhaps a little longer . rick I do not want they here overnight . ugarte do not be afraid of that . please keep they for I . thank you . I know I could trust you . Rick take they . ugarte leave the table just as the waiter come up . ugarte oh , waiter . I will be expect some people . if anybody ask for I , I will be right here . waiter yes , monsieur . the waiter leave . ugarte turn to Rick . ugarte Rick , I hope you be more impressed with I now , huh ? if you will forgive I , I will share my good luck with you roulette wheel . he start across the floor . rick just a moment . ugarte stop as Rick come up to he . rick yeah , I hear a rumor that that german courier be carry letter of transit . ugarte hesitates for a moment . ugarte huh ? I hear that rumor , too . poor devil . Rick look at ugarte steadily . 16 . rick ( slowly ) yes , you be right , ugarte . I ama little more impressed with you . Rick leave the gambling room and go into the main room . CUT to : int . rick's cafe - MAIN room - night Rick make he way over to Sam , who play and sing the " knock Wood " number , accompany by the orchestra . the cafe be in semi-darkness . the spotlight be on Sam , and every time the orchestra come in on the " knock Wood " business , the spotlight swing over to the orchestra . during one of the period when the spotlight be on the orchestra , Rick slip the letter of transit into the piano . ferrari , owner of the Blue parrot , a compete night spot , come into the cafe , sit down , and watch Sam . then he see Rick and they smile at each other . at the end of the number Ferrari go to the bar to speak to Rick . ferrari hello , Rick . rick hello , Ferrari . how 's business at the Blue parrot ? ferrari Fine , but I would like to buy you cafe . rick it 's not for sale . ferrari you have not hear my offer . rick it 's not for sale at any price . ferrari what do you want for Sam ? rick I do not buy or sell human being . ferrari Rick and 17 . that 's too bad . that 's casablanca 's lead commodity . in refugee alone we could make a fortune if you would work with I through the black market . rick suppose you run you business and let I run mine . ferrari suppose we ask Sam . maybe he would like to make a change . rick suppose we do . ferrari my dear Rick , when will you realize that in this world today isolationism be no longer a practical policy ? Ferrari walk over to the piano . rick Sam , Ferrari want you to work for he at the Blue parrot . SAM I like it fine here . rick he will double what I pay you . SAM yeah , but I be not get time to spend the money I make here . rick sorry . apparently satisfied , Ferrari walk away . back at the bar , yvonne , a attractive young french woman , sit on a stool drink brandy . sacha , who look at she with lovesick eye , fill she tumbler . sacha the boss 's private stock . because , yvonne , I loff you . yvonne 18 . ( morosely ) oh , shut up . sacha ( fondly ) all right , all right . for you , yvonne , I shot opp , because , yvonne , I loff you . uh oh . Rick saunter over and lean on the bar , next to yvonne . he pay no attention to she . she look at he bitterly , without say a word . sacha oh , monsieur Rick , monsieur Rick . some Germans , boom , boom , boom , boom , give this check . be it all right ? Rick look the check over and tear it up . yvonne have never take she eye off Rick . yvonne where be you last night ? rick that 's so long ago , I do not remember . yvonne will I see you tonight ? rick ( matter - of - factly ) I never make plan that far ahead . yvonne turn , look at sacha , and extend she glass to he . yvonne give I another . rick sacha , she 's have enough . yvonne do not listen to he , sacha . fill it up . sacha yvonne , I loff you , but he pay I . yvonne wheel on Rick with drunken fury . yvonne Rick , I be sick and tired of have 19 . you -- rick -- sacha , call a cab . sacha yes , boss . Rick take yvonne by the arm . rick come on , we be go to get you coat . yvonne take you hand off I ! he pull she along toward the door . rick no . you be go home . you have have a little too much to drink . CUT to : ext . rick's cafe - night sacha stand at the curb on the street in front of Rick 's and signal for a cab . sacha taxi ! soon one pull up . Rick and yvonne come out of the cafe . he put a coat over she shoulder and she object violently . yvonne who do you think you be , push I around ? what a fool I be to fall for a man like you . Rick and yvonne approach the wait cab . rick ( to sacha ) you would better go with she , sacha , to be sure she get home . sacha yes , boss . rick 20 . and come right back . sacha ( he face fall ) yes , boss . Rick stand and look up at the revolve beacon light from the airport . it intermittently shed its light on Rick 's face . renault sit at a table on the cafe terrace , watch this evening 's performance . renault hello , Rick . Rick walk over to he . rick hello , Louis . renault how extravagant you be , throw away woman like that . someday they may be scarce . Rick sit down at the table . renault ( amused ) you know , I think now I shall pay a call on yvonne , maybe get she on the rebound , eh ? rick when it come to woman , you be a true democrat . as they talk , Captain tonelli and Lieutenant casselle walk by toward the entrance of the cafe . casselle talk non-stop and tonelli try . they both stop , salute renault , and walk into the cafe . renault if he get a word in it will bea major italian victory . Rick laugh . Rick and renault look up when they hear the buzz of a plane take off from the adjacent airfield . the plane fly directly over they head . renault 21 . the plane to Lisbon . ( pause ) you would like to be on it ? rick ( curtly ) why ? what 's in Lisbon ? renault the clipper to America . Rick do not answer . his look be not a happy one . renault I have often speculate on why you do not return to America . do you abscond with the church fund ? do you run off with a senator 's wife ? I like to think you kill a man . it 's the romantic in I . Rick still look in the direction of the airport . rick it be a combination of all three . renault and what in heaven 's name bring you to casablanca ? rick my health . I come to casablanca for the water . renault Waters ? what water ? we be in the desert . rick I be misinform . renault huh ! emil , the croupier , come out of the cafe and walk over to Rick . emil Excuse I , monsieur Rick , but a gentleman inside have win twenty thousand francs . the cashier would like some money . rick 22 . well , I will get it from the safe . emil I be so upset , monsieur Rick . you know I can not understand -- rick -- forget it , emil . mistake like that happen all the time . emil I be awfully sorry . the three man enter the cafe . CUT to : int . rick's cafe - MAIN room - night they pass Sam at the piano . he 's play " baby face " . Rick pat Sam on the shoulder . renault Rick , there 's go to be some excitement here tonight . we be go to make a arrest in you cafe . rick ( somewhat annoyed ) what , again ? renault this be no ordinary arrest . a murderer , no less . Rick 's eye react . involuntarily , they glance toward the gambling room . renault catch the look . renault if you be think of warning he , do not put yourself out . he can not possibly escape . rick I stick my neck out for nobody . renault a wise foreign policy . they start upstairs to Rick 's office , pass casselle who be still harangue tonelli . 23 . renault you know , Rick , we could have make this arrest earlier in the evening at the Blue parrot , but out of my high regard for you we be staging it here . it will amuse you customer . rick we entertainment be enough . they go inside the office . int . rick's cafe - office - night Rick open up the safe in a small , dark room just off the office. out . only Rick 's shadow can be see get the money renault Rick , we be to have a important guest tonight , Major strasser of the third Reich , no less . we want he to be here when we make the arrest . a little demonstration of the efficiency of my administration . Rick move out of the shadow and into view . he give rick I see . and what 's strasser do here ? he certainly do not come all the way to casablanca to witness a demonstration of you efficiency . renault perhaps not . the money to emil . rick here you be . emil it shall not happen again , monsieur . rick that 's all right . emil depart . rick 24 . Louis , you have get something on you mind . why do not you spill it ? Rick close the door to the office , then go over to close the safe . renault how observant you be . as a matter of fact , I want to give you a word of advice . rick yeah ? have a brandy ? renault thank you . Rick , there be many exit visa sell in this cafe , but we know that you have never sell one . that be the reason we permit you to remain open . rick I think it be because we let you win at roulette . renault that be another reason . there be a man who 's arrive in casablanca on he way to America . he will offer a fortune to anyone who will furnish he with a exit visa . rick yeah ? what 's he name ? renault Victor laszlo . rick Victor laszlo ? renault watch Rick 's reaction . renault Rick , that be the first time I have ever see you so impressed . rick well , he 's succeed in impress half the world . renault it be my duty to see that he do not impress the other half . Rick , laszlo they sit 25 . must never reach America . he stay in casablanca . rick it will be interesting to see how he manage . renault manage what ? rick his escape . renault oh , but I just tell you . -- rick -- stop it . he escape froma concentration camp and the Nazis have be chase he all over Europe . renault this be the end of the chase . rick twenty thousand francs say it be not . down to discuss the matter in earnest . renault be that a serious offer ? rick I just pay out twenty . I would like to get it back . renault make it ten . I be only a poor corrupt official . rick okay . renault done . no matter how clever he be , he still need a exit visa , or I should say , two . rick why two ? renault he be travel with a lady . 26 . rick he will take one . renault I think not . I have see the lady . and if he do not leave she in marseille , or in oran , he certainly will not leave she in casablanca . rick maybe he 's not quite as romantic as you be . renault it do not matter . there be no exit visa for he . rick Louis , whatever give you the impression that I might be interested in help laszlo escape ? renault because , my dear ricky , I suspect that under that cynical shell you be at heart a sentimentalist . Rick make a face . renault oh , laugh if you will , but I happen to be familiar with you record . let I point out just two item . in 1935 you run gun to ethiopia . in 1936 , you fight in Spain on the loyalist side . rick and get well pay for it on both occasion . renault the win side would have pay you much better . rick maybe . well , it seem you be determine to keep laszlo here . renault I have my order . rick oh , I see . gestapo spank . renault stand up . renault my dear ricky , you overestimate the influence of the gestapo . I do not interfere with they and they do not interfere with I . in casablanca I be master of my fate . I be captain of my -- he stop short as he aide enter . aide -- Major strasser be here , sir . renault start to leave . rick yeah , you be say ? renault ( hurriedly ) Excuse I . he hurry away . Rick smile cynically . CUT to : int . rick's cafe - MAIN room - night renault walk up to Carl . renault Carl , see that Major strasser get a good table , one close to the lady . carl I have already give he the best , know he be german and would take it anyway . renault walk over to one of he officer . renault take he quietly . two guard at every door . officer yes , sir . everything be ready , sir . the officer salute and go off to speak to the guard . 28 . renault walk over to strasser 's table as Rick come down the stair . renault good evening , gentleman . strasser good evening , Captain . heinze wo not you join we ? renault sit down . renault thank you . it be a pleasure to have you here , Major . strasser ( to the waiter ) Champagne and a tin of caviar . renault May I recommend veuve cliquot ' 26 , a good french wine . strasser thank you . waiter very well , sir . strasser a very interesting club . renault especially so tonight , Major . ina few minute you will see the arrest of the man who murder you courier . strasser I expect no less , Captain . CUT to : int . rick's cafe - gambling room - night ugarte stand at the roulette table . two gendarme approach he from behind . gendarme monsieur ugarte ? ugarte look around . 29 . ugarte oh . yes ? gendarme will you please come with we . ugarte certainly . May I first please cash my chip ? the officer nod . they follow ugarte to the cashier 's window . ugarte put he chip through the window to the cashier . ugarte pretty lucky , huh ? two thousand , please . two more guard station themselves at the door in case there be trouble . cashier two thousand . ugarte thank you . ugarte start to walk out , follow by the gendarme . when he reach the doorway he suddenly rush through and slam the door behind himself . int . rick's cafe - MAIN room - night by the time the gendarme manage to get the door open again , ugarte have pull a gun . he fire at the doorway . the shot bring on pandemonium in the cafe . as ugarte run through the hallway he see Rick , appear from the opposite direction , and grab he . ugarte Rick ! Rick , help I ! rick do not be a fool . you can not get away . ugarte Rick , hide I . do something ! you must help I , Rick . do something ! 30 . Guards and gendarme rush in and grab ugarte . Rick stand impassively as they drag ugarte off . ugarte Rick ! Rick ! we move to strasser 's table , who have witness the event . strasser excellent , Captain . back to Rick , still stand where he be , as a customer walk by . customer when they come to get I , Rick , I hope you will be more of a help . rick I stick my neck out for nobody . Rick come out to the middle of the floor . a air of tense expectancy pervade the room . a few customer be on the point of leave . Rick speak in a very calm voice . rick I be sorry there be a disturbance , folk , but it 's all over now . everything 's all right . just sit down and have a good time . enjoy yourself . Rick glance toward Sam . rick all right , Sam . Sam nod and begin to play . renault , strasser , and heinze sit calmly at they table after witness the arrest . Rick walk by . renault ( call to Rick ) oh , Rick ? Rick stop and come over to they table . renault Rick , this be Major heinrich strasser of the third Reich . 31 . strasser how do you do , Mr. Rick ? rick oh , how do you do ? renault and you already know herr heinze of the third Reich . Rick nod to strasser and heinze . strasser please join we , Mr. Rick . Rick sit down with they . renault we be very honore tonight , Rick . Major strasser be one of the reason the third Reich enjoy the reputation it have today . strasser you repeat " third Reich " as though you expect there to be other . renault well , personally , Major , I will take what come . strasser ( to Rick ) do you mind if I ask you a few question ? unofficially , of course . rick make it official , if you like . strasser what be you nationality ? rick ( pokerface ) I be a drunkard . renault that make Rick a citizen of the world . rick I be bear in New York City if that will help you any . 32 . strasser I understand you come here from Paris at the time of the occupation . rick there seem to be no secret about that . strasser be you one of that people who cannot imagine the Germans in they beloved Paris ? rick it 's not particularly my beloved Paris . heinze can you imagine we in London ? rick when you get there , ask I . renault Ho , diplomatist ! strasser how about New York ? rick well , there be certain section of New York , Major , that I would not advise you to try to invade . strasser aha . who do you think will win the war ? rick I have not the slight idea . renault Rick be completely neutral about everything . and that take in the field of woman , too . strasser you be not always so carefully neutral . we have a complete dossier on you . strasser take a little black book from he pocket and turn to a certain page . strasser strasser 33. " Richard blaine , american . Age , thirty -seven . can not return to he country . " look up from the book strasser the reason be a little vague . we also know what you do in Paris , Mr. blaine , and also we know why you leave Paris . Rick reach over and take the book from strasser 's hand . strasser do not worry . we be not go to broadcast it . Rick look up from the book . rick be my eye really brown ? strasser you will forgive my curiosity , Mr. blaine . the point be , a enemy of the Reich have come to casablanca and we be check up on anybody who can be of any help to we . rick ( glance toward renault ) my interest in whether Victor laszlo stay or go be purely a sport one . strasser in this case , you have no sympathy for the fox , huh ? rick not particularly . I understand the point of view of the hound , too . strasser Victor laszlo publish the foulest lie in the Prague newspaper until the very day we march in , and even after that he continue to print scandal sheet in a cellar . renault of course , one must admit he have great courage . 34 . strasser I admit he be very clever . Three time he slip through we finger . in Paris he continue he activity . we intend not to let it happen again . Rick get up . rick you will excuse I , gentleman . you business be politics . mine be run a saloon . strasser good evening , Mr. blaine . Rick walk away toward the gambling room . renault you see , Major , you have nothing to worry about Rick . strasser perhaps . a couple come in the front door . they be victor laszlo , the Czech resistance leader , and a very pretty young woman wear a simple white gown , miss ilsa lund . she be so beautiful , in fact , that people turn to stare . the headwaiter come up to they . headwaiter yes , monsieur ? laszlo I reserve a table . Victor laszlo . headwaiter yes , monsieur laszlo . right this way . as the headwaiter take they to a table they pass by the piano , and the woman look at Sam . Sam , with a conscious effort , keep he eye on the keyboard as they go past . he appear to know this woman . after she have go by Sam steal a look in she direction . berger , a slight , middle - age man , observe the couple from a distance . the headwaiter seat ilsa . laszlo take the chair opposite and survey the room . strasser and renault look up at they from they table . laszlo two cointreaux , please . waiter yes , monsieur . laszlo ( to ilsa ) I see no one of ugarte 's description . ilsa Victor , I , I feel somehow we should not stay here . laszlo if we would walk out so soon , it would only call attention to we . perhaps ugarte 's in some other part of the cafe . berger walk up to they table . berger Excuse I , but you look like a couple who be on they way to America . laszlo well ? berger take a ring from he finger . berger you will find a market there for this ring . I be force to sell it at a great sacrifice . laszlo thank you , but I hardly think -- berger -- then perhaps for the lady . the ring be quite unique . he hold it down for they view . carefully lift up the stone , he reveal ... insert - a gold plate in the set underneath , a impression of the lorraine Cross of General de gaulle . laszlo 35 . 36 . oh , yes , I be very interested . berger sit down with they . berger good . laszlo ( lower voice ) what be you name ? berger berger , norwegian , and at you service , sir . renault approach the table from behind laszlo . ilsa try to warn he . ilsa Victor ... laszlo understand . laszlo ( in a low voice ) I will meet you in a few minute at the bar . ( in a louder voice ) I do not think we want to buy the ring . but thank you for show it to we . berger , take the cue , sigh and put the ring away . berger such a bargain . but that be you decision ? laszlo I be sorry . it be . berger get up and leave as renault move to the table . renault monsieur laszlo , be it not ? laszlo yes. renault I be Captain renault , prefect of Police . laszlo 37 . yes . what be it you want ? renault ( amiably ) merely to welcome you to casablanca and wish you a pleasant stay . it be not often we have so distinguished a visitor . laszlo thank you . I hope you will forgive I , Captain , but the present french administration have not always be so cordial . May I present miss ilsa Lund ? renault I be inform you be the most beautiful woman ever to visit casablanca . that be a gross understatement . ilsa 's manner be friendly and reserve , she voice low and soft . ilsa you be very kind . laszlo wo not you join we ? he sit down . renault if you will permit I . ( call to the waiter ) oh , emil . please , a bottle of you best champagne , and put it on my bill . emil very well , sir . laszlo no , Captain , please . renault no. please , monsieur , it be a little game we play . they put it on the bill , I tear the bill up . it be very convenient . ilsa glance off in Sam 's direction . ilsa Captain , the boy who be play the piano , somewhere I have see he . renault Sam ? ilsa yes. renault he come from Paris with Rick . ilsa Rick ? who 's he ? renault ( smile ) Mademoiselle , you be in Rick 's and Rick be -- ilsa -- be what ? renault well , Mademoiselle , he 's the kind of aman that , well , if I be a woman and I ... ( tap he chest ) be not around , I should be in love with Rick . but what a fool I be talk to a beautiful woman about another man . renault jump to he foot as strasser enter . renault Excuse I . ah , Major . Mademoiselle Lund , monsieur laszlo , may I present Major heinrich strasser . strasser bow and smile pleasantly . strasser how do you do . this be a pleasure I have long look forward to . there be not the slight recognition from either ilsa or laszlo . strasser wait to be ask to seat himself . laszlo I be sure you will excuse I if I be 39 . not gracious , but you see , Major strasser , I be a czechoslovakian . strasser you be a czechoslovakian . now you be a subject of the german Reich ! laszlo stand . laszlo I have never accept that privilege , and I be now on french soil . strasser I should like to discuss some matter arise from you presence on french soil . laszlo this be hardly the time or the place . strasser ( harden ) then we shall state another time and another place . tomorrow at ten in the prefect 's office , with Mademoiselle . laszlo Captain renault , I be under you authority . be it you order that we come to you office ? renault ( amiably ) let we say that it be my request . that be a much more pleasant word . laszlo very well . renault and strasser bow shortly . renault Mademoiselle . strasser Mademoiselle . renault and strasser walk away . renault a very clever tactical retreat , 40 . Major . strasser look at renault sharply , but see only a noncommittal smile on renault 's face . laszlo remain stand at the table as strasser and renault leave . laszlo this time they really mean to stop I . ilsa Victor , I be afraid for you . laszlo we have be in difficult place before , have not we ? ilsa smile back at he , but she eye be still troubled . on the floor , corina strum a guitar and begin she number . meanwhile , laszlo look about with apparent casualness . he see strasser and renault whisper together , then notice berger at the bar . laszlo I must find out what berger know . ilsa be careful . laszlo I will , do not worry . he rise and go off . we see ilsa 's troubled profile . while corina sing , Sam give a worried glance in ilsa 's direction . ilsa watch he . at the bar , berger sip a drink . laszlo walk up and casually take a place at the bar next to berger . laszlo Mr. berger , the ring , could I see it again ? berger yes , monsieur . laszlo 41. ( to sacha ) a champagne cocktail , please . laszlo take the ring and look at it . berger ( in a low voice ) I recognize you from the news photograph , monsieur laszlo . laszlo in a concentration camp , one be apt to lose a little weight . berger we read five time that you be kill in five different place . laszlo ( smile wryly ) as you see , it be true every single time . thank heaven I find you , berger . I be look for a man by the name of ugarte . he be suppose to help I . berger shake he head . berger ugarte can not even help himself , monsieur . he be under arrest for murder . he be arrest here tonight . laszlo absorb the shock quietly . laszlo I see . berger ( with intense devotion ) but we who be still free will do all we can . we be organize , monsieur , underground like everywhere else . tomorrow night there be a meeting at the caverne du bois . if you would come ... he stop when sacha bring the drink to laszlo . corina finish she song , and the crowd applaud quite enthusiastically . ilsa sit alone at she table . 42. ilsa ( to waiter ) will you ask the piano player to come over here , please ? waiter very well , Mademoiselle . renault come up to the bar near berger and laszlo . renault how 's the jewelry business , berger ? berger er , not so good . ( to sacha ) May I have my check , please ? renault too bad you be not here earlier , monsieur laszlo . we have quite a bit of excitement this evening , do not we , berger ? berger er , yes . Excuse I , gentleman . laszlo my bill . renault no . two champagne cocktail , please . sacha yes , sir . Sam wheel in the piano to ilsa 's table . on he face be that funny fear . ilsa herself be not as self - possess as she try to appear . there be something behind this , some mystery . ilsa hello , Sam . SAM hello , miss ilsa . I never expect to see you again . he sit down and be ready to play . ilsa it 's be a long time . 43. SAM yes , mar 'am . a lot of water under the bridge . ilsa some of the old song , Sam . SAM yes , mar 'am . Sam begin to play a number . he be nervous , wait for anything . ilsa where be Rick ? SAM ( evade ) I do not know . I be not see he all night . Sam look very uncomfortable . ilsa when will he be back ? SAM not tonight no more . he be not come . uh , he go home . ilsa do he always leave so early ? SAM oh , he never ... well ... ( desperately ) he 's get a girl up at the Blue parrot . he go up there all the time . ilsa you use to be a much better liar , Sam . SAM leave he alone , miss ilsa . you be bad luck to he . ilsa play it once , Sam , for old time 's sake . SAM 44 . I do not know what you mean , miss ilsa . ilsa play it , Sam . play " as time go by . " SAM oh I can not remember it , miss ilsa . I be a little rusty on it . of course he can . he do not want to play it . he seem even more scared now . ilsa I will hum it for you . ilsa start to hum . Sam begin to play it very softly . ilsa sing it , Sam . and Sam sing . SAM you must remember this , a kiss be just a kiss , a sigh be just a sigh , the fundamental thing apply , as time go by . the door to the gambling room open . Rick come swinging out . he 's hear the music and he 's livid . SAM and when two lover woo , they both say I love you , on that you can rely , no matter what the future bring , as time go by . Rick walk briskly up to the piano . rick Sam , I think I tell you never to play ... as he see ilsa he stop short . Sam stop play . two close - up reveal ilsa and Rick see each other . Rick appear shocked . for a long moment he just look at she . Sam prepare to move the piano away . 45 . renault and laszlo approach the table from the bar . renault ( to ilsa ) well , you be ask about Rick and here he be . Mademoiselle , may I present -- rick -- hello , ilsa . ilsa hello , Rick . renault oh , you have already meet Rick , Mademoiselle ? there 's no answer from either . renault well then , perhaps you also --- ilsa -- this be Mr. laszlo . laszlo how do you do ? rick how do you do ? laszlo one hear a great deal about Rick in casablanca . rick and about Victor laszlo everywhere . laszlo wo not you join we for a drink ? renault ( laugh ) oh , no , Rick never -- rick -- thanks . I will . Rick sit down . renault well ! a precedent be be break . 46 . er , emil ! laszlo this be a very interesting cafe . I congratulate you . rick and I congratulate you . laszlo what for ? rick you work . laszlo thank you . I try . rick we all try . you succeed . renault I can not get over you two . she be ask about you earlier , Rick , ina way that make I extremely jealous . ilsa ( to Rick ) I be not sure you be the same . let 's see , the last time we meet -- rick -- it be " La Belle aurore . " ilsa how nice . you remember . but of course , that be the day the Germans march into Paris . rick not a easy day to forget . ilsa no. rick I remember every detail . the Germans wear gray , you wear blue . ilsa yes . I put that dress away . when the Germans march out , I will wear it again . 47 . renault ricky , you be become quite human . I suppose we have to thank you for that , Mademoiselle . laszlo ilsa , I do not wish to be the one to say it , but it 's late . renault ( glance at he wristwatch ) so it be . and we have a curfew here in casablanca . it would never do for the Chief of Police to be find drink after hour and have to fine himself . Rick and ilsa look at each other . laszlo signal the waiter laszlo I hope we do not overstay we welcome . rick not at all . waiter ( to laszlo ) you check , sir . Rick take the check . rick ( to waiter ) oh , it 's my party . renault another precedent go . this have be a very interesting evening . I will call you a cab . gasoline ration , time of night . renault leave . laszlo we will come again . rick any time . ilsa say goodnight to Sam for I . 48. rick I will . ilsa there 's still nobody in the world who can play " as time go by " like Sam . rick he have not play it in a long time . ilsa smile . ilsa goodnight . laszlo goodnight . rick goodnight . Rick and laszlo nod goodnight to each other . laszlo and ilsa start to the door as Rick sit down again and stare off in they direction . CUT to : ext . rick's cafe - night ilsa and laszlo leave the cafe . laszlo a very puzzle fellow , this Rick . what sort be he ? ilsa do not look at he . ilsa oh , I really can not say , though I see he quite often in Paris . they join renault at the curb . renault tomorrow at ten at the prefect 's office . laszlo we will be there . renault 49 . goodnight . ilsa goodnight . laszlo goodnight . they get into a wait cab , leave renault on the curb , smoking and look bemuse . the neon sign go off and the doorway be now illuminate by the revolve beacon from the airport . CUT to : int . rick's cafe - MAIN room - night the customer have all go . the house light be out . Rick sit alone at a table . there be a glass of bourbon on the table directly in front of he , and another empty glass on the table before a empty chair . near at hand be a bottle . he fill he glass and drink it quickly . Rick just sit . his face be entirely expressionless . the beacon light from the airport sweep around the room create a mood of unreality . Sam come in and stand hesitantly beside Rick . SAM boss . no answer , as Rick drink . SAM boss ! rick yeah ? SAM boss , be not you go to bed ? rick not right now . Sam now realize Rick be in a very grim mood . SAM ( lightly ) ai not you plan on go to bed in the near future ? rick no . SAM you ever go to bed ? rick no . SAM well , I be not sleepy either . rick good . then have a drink . SAM no . not I , boss . rick then do not have a drink . SAM boss , let 's get out of here . rick ( emphatically ) no , sir . I be wait for a lady . SAM ( earnestly ) please , boss , let 's go . ai not nothing but trouble for you here . rick she 's come back . I know she 's come back . SAM we will take the car and drive all night . we will get drunk . we will go fishing and stay away until she 's go . rick shut up and go home , will you ? SAM ( stubbornly ) no , sir . I be stay right here . Sam sit down at the piano and start to play softly , 50 . 51 . improvise . rick they grab ugarte and she walk in . well , that 's the way it go . one in , one out . Sam ? SAM yeah , boss ? rick Sam , if it 's December 1941 in casablanca , what time be it in New York ? SAM uh , my watch stop . rick I bet they be asleep in New York . I will bet they be asleep all over America . suddenly he pound the table and bury he head in he arm . then he raise he head , try to regain control . he hold rick of all the gin joint in all the town in all the world , she walk into mine . he head in he hand . rick what 's that you be play ? SAM just a little something of my own . rick well , stop it . you know what I want to hear . SAM no , I do not . rick you play it for she and you can play it for I . SAM well , I do not think I can remember it . rick 52 . if she can stand it , I can . play it ! SAM yes , boss . Sam start to play " as time go by . " Rick just stare ahead as orchestra music slowly join Sam 's play . dissolve to : montage - paris in the spring a ) the Arc de triomphe from a distance . B ) Rick drive a small , open car slowly along the boulevard . he put he arm around ilsa . the background scenery change to a country road as she snuggle close to he and put she head on he shoulder . C ) a excursion boat on the seine . Rick and ilsa stand at the rail of the boat . they seem to be transport by each other as ilsa laugh . CUT to : int . rick's paris apartment - day ilsa fix flower at the window while Rick open champagne . she walk over and join he . rick who be you really ? and what be you before ? what do you do and what do you think ? huh ? ilsa we say " no question . " rick here 's look at you , kid . they drink . CUT to : int . paris cafe - night Inside a swank Paris cafe , Rick and ilsa dance . they appear to be very much in love as the music play . CUT to : 53. int . ilsa' paris apartment - day ilsa flip a coin , then toss it over to Rick . ilsa a franc for you thought . rick in America they would bring only a penny . I guess that 's about all they be worth . ilsa I be willing to be overcharge . tell I . rick and I be wonder . ilsa yes ? rick why I be so lucky . why I should find you wait for I to come along . ilsa why there be no other man in my life ? rick uh huh . ilsa that 's easy . there be . he 's dead . rick I be sorry for ask . I forget we say " no question . " ilsa well , only one answer can take care of all we question . they kiss passionately . CUT to : montage - newsreel footage of the german occupation of FRANCE . a ) the rubble of a burn - out , demolish building . a sign with a arrow point to Paris . B ) german troops crossing a river . 54 . C ) tank roll down the road toward Paris . D ) german war plane overhead . CUT to : ext . paris cafe - day a man sell newspaper to people crowded around he . there be much excitement . Rick and ilsa sit at a table . they buy a newspaper and begin to read it . nearby , a group of frighten french people cluster around a loudspeaker on a wagon . a harsh voice bark out the tragic news of the Nazi push toward Paris . rick nothing can stop they now . Wednesday , Thursday at the latest , they will be in Paris . ilsa ( frighten ) Richard , they will find out you record . it will not be safe for you here . rick I be on they blacklist already , they roll of honor . CUT to : int . LA belle aurore - afternoon a small cafe in the Montmartre . a shadow on the floor reflect the cafe sign " La Belle aurore . " Rick , at the bar , get glass and a bottle of champagne . he walk over to ilsa and Sam at the piano . Sam play " as time go by . " ilsa seem unnerve . there be evidently something on she mind . Rick pour the champagne . his manner be wry , but not the bitter wryness we have see in casablanca . rick henri want we to finish this bottle and then three more . he say he will water he garden with champagne before he will let the Germans drink 55 . any of it . Sam look at he glass . SAM this sort of take the sting out of be occupy , do not it , Mr. Richard ? rick you say it ! ( to ilsa ) here 's look at you , kid . suddenly a loudspeaker blare out something in german . Rick and ilsa look at each other , then hurry to the window . rick my german 's a little rusty . ilsa it 's the gestapo . they say they expect to be in Paris tomorrow . they be tell we how to act when they come march in . she smile faintly . ilsa with the whole world crumble , we pick this time to fall in love . rick yeah . it 's pretty bad timing . where be you , say , ten year ago ? ilsa ten year ago ? let 's see ... ( pause as she think a bit ) ... yes . I be have a brace put on my tooth . where be you ? rick look for a job . ilsa look at he tenderly . Rick take she in he arm , and kiss she hungrily . while they be lock in a embrace they hear the dull boom of cannon . ilsa ( frighten ) be that cannon fire , or be it my heart pound ? 56 . rick ( grimly ) ah , that 's the new german 77 . and judge by the sound , only about thirty - five mile away . another boom from the cannon . rick and get closer every minute . here . drink up . we will never finish the other three . SAM the Germans ' 1ll be here pretty soon now , and they will come look for you . and do not forget there 's a price on you head . ilsa react to this worriedly . rick I leave a note in my apartment . they ' 11 know where to find I . ilsa look at Rick . ilsa strange . I know so very little about you . rick I know very little about you , just the fact that you have you tooth straighten . he chuckle . ilsa but be serious , darling . you be in danger and you must leave Paris . rick no , no , no , no . we must leave . ilsa ( seriously ) yes , of course , we -- rick -- the train for marseille leave at five o'clock . I will pick you up at you hotel at four-thirty . 57 . ilsa ( quickly ) no , no . not at my hotel . I , uh , I have thing to do in the city before I leave . I will meet you at the station , huh ? rick all right . at a quarter to five . ( a think strike he ) say , why do not we get marry in marseille ? Rick chuckle again . suddenly ilsa ( evasively ) that 's too far ahead to plan . rick yes , I guess it be a little too far ahead . well , let 's see . what about the engineer ? why can not he marry we on the train ? ilsa oh , darling ! ilsa turn away and start to cry . rick well , why not ? the captain ona ship can . it do not seem fair that ... hey , hey , what 's wrong , kid ? ilsa I love you so much , and I hate this war so much . oh , it 's a crazy world . anything can happen . if you should not get away , I mean , if , if something should keep we apart , wherever they put you and wherever I will be , I want you to know ... she can not go on . she lift she face to he . he kiss she gently . ilsa kiss I . kiss I as if it be the last time . he look into she eye , then he do kiss she as though it be go to be the last time . 58 . her hand fall to the table and knock over a glass . CUT to : int . gare do lyon - night it 's raining very hard at the train station . there be a hectic , fevere excitement , evident in the face of the people that pass by . this be the last train from Paris . Rick appear in the crowd . he stop and put he suitcase down and glance at he watch . a conductor call out " all aboard , last train leave in three minute . " rain pour over he head and shoulder , but he do not seem to notice . he nervously check he watch again . suddenly Sam appear . rick where be she ? have you see she ? SAM no , Mr. Richard . I can not find she . she check out of the hotel . but this note come just after you leave . Sam pull a envelope from he pocket . Rick grab it , open it , and stare down at the letter . insert letter Richard , I can not go with you or ever see you again . you must not ask why . just believe that I love you . go , my darling , and God bless you . ilsa raindrop pour down the letter , smudge the write . back to scene a whistle blow . SAM ( frantically ) that 's the last call , Mr. Richard , 59 . do you hear I ? come on , Mr. Richard . let 's get out of here . come on , Mr. Richard , come on . Sam pull a stunne , reluctant Rick to the train . the train start to move just as he board . from the step he look off into the distance , then crumble the letter and toss it away as the steam from the engine cloud over he . dissolve to : int . rick's cafe - MAIN room - night Close - up of a glass on the table in the cafe . Rick 's hand reach for it and knock it over . we now see Rick 's face and he 's very drunk . Sam walk over to the table to pick up the glass and a fall chair . just then the door open and it 's ilsa . Rick stare at the doorway . ilsa linger a moment , then come over to the table . ilsa Rick , I have to talk to you . her manner be a little uncertain , a little tentative , but with a quiet determination beneath it . rick oh . I save my first drink to have with you . here . ilsa no. no , Rick . not tonight . rick especially tonight . she sit down in the chair before the empty glass . her eye be search he face , but there be no expression on it except a cold and impassive one . Rick reach for the bottle , and pour himself another drink . ilsa please . rick why do you have to come to casablanca ? there be other place . he take 60 . ilsa I would not have come if I have know that you be here . believe I , Rick , it 's true . I do not know . rick it 's funny about you voice , how it have not change . I can still hear it . " Richard dear , I will go with you any place . we will get on a train together and never stop . " ilsa please do not . do not , Rick . I can understand how you feel . rick huh ! you understand how I feel . how long be it we have , honey ? ilsa I do not count the day . rick well , I do . every one of they . mostly I remember the last one . a wow finish . a guy stand ona station platform in the rain with a comical look on he face , because he inside have be kick out . a drink . ilsa can I tell you a story , Rick ? rick have it get a wow finish ? ilsa I do not know the finish yet . rick well , go on , tell it . maybe one will come to you as you go along . ilsa it 's about a girl who have just come to Paris from she home in Oslo . at the house of some friend she meet a man about whom she would hear she whole life , a very great and courageous man . he open up for she a whole 61 . beautiful world full of knowledge and thought and ideal . everything she know or ever become be because of he . and she look up to he and worshipped he with a feel she suppose be love . rick yes , that 's very pretty . I hear a story once . as a matter of fact , I have hear a lot of storey in my time . they go along with the sound of a tinny piano play in the parlor downstairs , " mister , I meet a man once when I be a kid , " it would always begin . huh . I guess neither one of we storey be very funny . tell I , who be it you leave I for ? be it laszlo , or be there other in between ? or be not you the kind that tell ? ilsa get up and leave . Rick 's head slump over the table . CUT to : int . renault office - morning a sign on the door read : Captain renault , prefect de Police . strasser sit while renault attend to some paperwork . strasser I strongly suspect that ugarte leave the letter of transit with Mr. blaine . I would suggest you search the cafe immediately and thoroughly . renault if Rick have the letter , he 's much too smart to let you find they there . strasser you give he credit for too much cleverness . my impression be that he 's just another blunder american . renault but we must not underestimate american blunder . I be with 62 . they when they " blunder " into Berlin in 1918 . strasser look at he . strasser as to laszlo , we want he watch twenty - four hour a day . renault ( reassuringly ) it may interest you to know that at this very moment he be on he way here . CUT to : int . prefecture lobby - morning laszlo and ilsa make they way through the jam in the lobby of the prefecture . Jan and annina talk to a officer . officer ( to Jan and annina ) there 's nothing we can do . CUT to : int . renault office - morning laszlo and ilsa enter renault 's office . renault bow to they both . renault I be delighted to see you both . do you have a good night 's rest ? laszlo I sleep very well . renault that 's strange . nobody be suppose to sleep well in casablanca . laszlo ( coldly ) May we proceed with the business ? renault with pleasure . wo not you sit down ? 63 . laszlo thank you . they take they seat . strasser ( now as cold as laszlo ) very well , herr laszlo , we will not mince word . you be a escape prisoner of the Reich . so far you have be fortunate enough in elude we . you have reach casablanca . it be my duty to see that you stay in casablanca . laszlo whether or not you succeed be , of course , problematical . strasser not at all . Captain renault 's signature be necessary on every exit visa . ( turn to renault ) Captain , would you think it be possible that herr laszlo will receive a visa ? renault I be afraid not . my regret , monsieur . laszlo well , perhaps I shall like it in casablanca . strasser and Mademoiselle ? ilsa you need not be concerned about I . laszlo be that all you wish to tell we ? strasser do not be in such a hurry . you have all the time in the world . you may be in casablanca indefinitely ... or you may leave for Lisbon tomorrow , on one condition . laszlo 64 . and that be ? strasser you know the leader of the underground movement in Paris , in Prague , in Brussels , in Amsterdam , in Oslo , in belgrade , in athen . laszlo even in Berlin . strasser yes , even in Berlin . if you will furnish I with they name and they exact whereabouts , you will have you visa in the morning . renault and the honor of have serve the third Reich . laszlo I be in a german concentration camp for a year . that 's honor enough for a lifetime . strasser you will give we the name ? laszlo if I do not give they to you ina concentration camp where you have more " persuasive method " at you disposal , I certainly will not give they to you now . the passionate conviction in he voice now reveal the crusader . laszlo and what if you track down this man and kill they ? what if you murder all of we ? from every corner of Europe , hundred , thousand , would rise to take we place . even Nazis can not kill that fast . strasser herr laszlo , you have a reputation for eloquence which I can now understand . but in one respect you be mistaken . you say the enemy of the Reich could all be replace , but there be one exception . no one 65 . could take you place in the event anything unfortunate should occur to you while you be try to escape . laszlo you will not dare to interfere with I here . this be still unoccupy France . any violation of neutrality would reflect on Captain renault . renault monsieur , insofar as it be in my power -- laszlo -- thank you . renault by the way , monsieur , last night you evince a interest in signor ugarte . laszlo yes . renault I believe you have a message for he ? laszlo nothing important , but may I speak to he now ? strasser you would find the conversation a trifle one-side . signor ugarte be dead . close-up of ilsa , then laszlo , reveal they disappointment . strasser observe they reaction . ilsa ( softly ) oh. renault hold a report . renault I be make out the report now . we have not quite decide whether he commit suicide or die try to escape . laszlo 66. be you quite finish with we ? strasser for the time be . laszlo good day . renault ring a buzzer and the door be open for they . as ilsa and laszlo leave , a officer come in . renault undoubtedly they next step will be to the black market . officer Excuse I , Captain . another visa problem have come up . renault show she in . officer yes , sir . renault look at himself in the mirror and straighten he tie . CUT to : ext . black market - day the black market be a cluttere arab street of bazaar , shop and stall . all kind and race of people mill about the merchandise which native dealer have on outdoor display . both man and woman be dress in tropical clothes . the canopy over the stall give they some protection from the scorching sun . on the surface the atmosphere be merely languid , but underneath lie the sinister working of illicit trade . a frenchman and a native huddle together and talk in low tone . native I be sorry , monsieur , we would have to handle the police . this be a job for signor Ferrari . frenchman 67 . Ferrari ? native it can be most helpful to know signor Ferrari . he pretty near have a monopoly on the black market here . you will find he over there at the Blue parrot . frenchman thanks . CUT to : ext . the blue parrot - day outside the cafe , a blue parrot sit on a perch . CUT to : int . the blue parrot - day the cafe be much less pretentious than Rick 's , but well populate . Rick enter and walk through the cafe toward Ferrari 's office just as Ferrari emerge with Jan and annina , who look very disappointed . ferrari there , do not be too downhearted . perhaps you can come to term with Captain renault . jan thank you very much , signor . Jan lead annina away . rick hello , Ferrari . signor Ferrari turn around . he 's pleased to see Rick . ferrari ah , good morning , Rick . they shake hand . rick I see the bus be in . I will take my shipment with I . ferrari he hail 68. no hurry . I will have it send over . have a drink with I . rick I never drink in the morning . and every time you send my shipment over , it 's always just a little bit short . ferrari ( chuckle ) carry charge , my boy , carry charge . here , sit down . there 's something I want to talk over with you , anyhow . a waiter . ferrari the bourbon . ( to Rick , sighing deeply ) the news about ugarte upset I very much . rick you be a fat hypocrite . you do not feel any sorrier for ugarte than I do . he eye Rick closely . ferrari of course not . what upset I be the fact that ugarte be dead and no one know where that letter of transit be . rick practically no one . ferrari if I could lay my hand on that letter , I could make a fortune . rick so could I . and I be a poor businessman . ferrari I have a proposition for whoever have that letter . I will handle the entire transaction , get rid of the letter , take all the risk , for a small percentage . 69 . rick and the carry charge ? ferrari naturally there will be a few incidental expense . that be the proposition I have for whoever have that letter . rick ( dryly ) . I will tell he when he come in . ferrari Rick , I will put my card on the table . I think you know where that letter be . rick well , you be in good company . renault and strasser probably think so , too . Rick look out of the window and see ilsa at the linen bazaar , then laszlo walk toward the cafe . rick that 's why I come over here to give they a chance to ransack my place . ferrari Rick , do not be a fool . take I into you confidence . you need a partner . Rick be not listen to he . he look through the open window in the direction of the linen bazaar . Rick get up . rick Excuse I , I will be get back . CUT to : ext . the blue parrot - day laszlo reach the entrance to the cafe as Rick come out . he stop and address Rick politely . laszlo good morning . rick 70 . signor Ferrari be the fat go at the table . as he exit , laszlo look after he with a puzzle expression . CUT to : ext . black market - day at the linen stall , ilsa examine a tablecloth which a arab vendor be endeavor to sell . he hold a sign which read " 700 francs . " arab you will not find a treasure like this in all Morocco , Mademoiselle . only seven hundred francs . Rick walk up behind ilsa . rick you be be cheat . she look briefly at Rick , then turn away . her manner be politely formal . ilsa it do not matter , thank you . arab ah , the lady be a friend of Rick 's ? for friend of Rick we have a small discount . do I say seven hundred francs ? you can have it for two hundred . reaching under the counter , he take out a sign read " 200 francs " , and replace the other sign with it . rick I be sorry I be in no condition to receive you when you call on I last night . ilsa it do not matter . arab ah , for special friend of Rick 's we have a special discount . one hundred francs . he replace the second sign with a third which read " 100 francs . " 71 . rick you story have I a little confuse . or maybe it be the bourbon . arab I have some tablecloth , some napkin -- ilsa -- thank you . I be really not interested . arab please , one minute . wait ! the arab hurriedly exit . ilsa pretend to examine the goods on the counter . rick why do you come back ? to tell I why you run out on I at the railway station ? ilsa yes . rick well , you can tell I now . I be reasonably sober . ilsa I do not think I will , Rick . rick why not ? after all , I get stick with a railway ticket . I think I be entitle to know . ilsa last night I see what have happen to you . the Rick I know in Paris , I could tell he . he would understand . but the one who look at I with such hatred ... well , I will be leave casablanca soon and we will never see each other again . we know very little about each other when we be in love in Paris . if we leave it that way , maybe we will remember that day and not casablanca , not last night . rick 72 . do you run out on I because you could not take it ? because you know what it would be like , hide from the police , run away all the time ? ilsa you can believe that if you want to . rick well , I be not run away any more . I be settle now , above a saloon , it 's true , but ... walk up a flight . I will be expect you . ilsa turn she head away . rick all the same , someday you will lie to laszlo . you will be there . ilsa no , Rick . no , you see , Victor laszlo be my husband ... and be , even when I know you in Paris . she walk away into the cafe as Rick stare after she in stunne disbelief . CUT to : int . the blue parrot - day ilsa and laszlo sit with Ferrari . ferrari I be just tell monsieur laszlo that , unfortunately , I be not able to help he . ilsa oh. laszlo you see , my dear , the word have go around . ferrari ( to ilsa ) as leader of all illegal activity in casablanca , I be a influential and respected man . it would not be worth my life to do anything for monsieur laszlo . you , however , be 73 . a different matter . laszlo signor Ferrari think it might just be possible to get a exit visa for you . ilsa you mean for I to go on alone ? ferrari and only alone . laszlo I will stay here and keep on try . I be sure in a little while -- ferrari -- we might as well be frank , monsieur . it will take a miracle to get you out of casablanca . and the Germans have outlaw miracle . ilsa we be only interested in two visa , signor . laszlo please , ilsa , do not be hasty . ilsa ( firmly ) no , Victor , no . ferrari you two will want to discuss this . Excuse I . I will be at the bar . Ferrari get to he foot and walk away . laszlo no , ilsa , I will not let you stay here . you must get to America . and believe I , somehow I will get out and join you . ilsa but , Victor , if the situation be different , if I have to stay and there be only a visa for one , would you take it ? laszlo ( not very convincingly ) 74 . yes , I would . ilsa smile faintly . she do not believe it for evena moment . ilsa yes , I see . when I have trouble get out of lille , why do not you leave I there ? and when I be sick in marseille and hold you up for two week and you be in danger every minute of the time , why do not you leave I then ? laszlo I mean to , but something always hold I up . I love you very much , ilsa . she smile again . ilsa you secret will be safe with I . Ferrari be wait for we answer . at the bar Ferrari talk to a waiter . ferrari not more than fifty francs though . ilsa and laszlo walk up to he . laszlo we have decide , signor Ferrari . for the present we will go on look for two exit visa . thank you very much . ferrari well , good luck . but be careful . ( a flick of he eye in the direction of the bazaar ) you know you be be shadow ? laszlo glance in the direction of the bazaar . laszlo of course . it become a instinct . Ferrari look shrewdly at ilsa . ferrari I observe that you in one respect be 75 . a very fortunate man , monsieur . I be move to make one more suggestion , why , I do not know , because it cannot possibly profit I , but , have you hear about signor ugarte and the letter of transit ? laszlo yes , something . ferrari that letter be not find on ugarte when they arrest he . there 's a moment pause as this sink in . laszlo do you know where they be ? ferrari not for sure , monsieur , but I will venture to guess that ugarte leave that letter with monsieur Rick . ilsa 's face darken . laszlo quietly observe . laszlo Rick ? ferrari he be a difficult customer , that Rick . one never know what he will do or why . but it be worth a chance . laszlo thank you very much . good day . ilsa Goodbye , thank you for you coffee , signor . I shall miss that when we leave casablanca . Ferrari bow . ferrari it be gracious of you to share it with I . good day , Mademoiselle , monsieur . laszlo good day . as ilsa and laszlo leave the cafe , Ferrari nonchalantly swat a fly on a table . 76 . CUT to : ext . rick's cafe - night outside Rick 's cafe , the sign be light up and music filter out into the air . CUT to : int . rick's cafe - MAIN room - night at the bar , the european have find another tourist . european here 's to you , sir . tourist er , good luck , yes . european I would better be go . tourist er , my check , please . european I have to warn you , sir . I beseech you ... the european pick he pocket . european this be a dangerous place , full of vulture . vulture everywhere ! thanks for everything . the tourist laugh . tourist er , goodbye , sir . european it have be a pleasure to meet you . he dash off and collide with Carl . european oh , I be sorry . as the european hurry away , Carl check all he pocket to make sure nothing be miss . Sam and corina play a number , accompany by the orchestra . strasser 77 . and he crowd enter the cafe and pass Rick 's table . Carl bring Rick a bottle and glass . carl monsieur Rick , you be get to be you best customer . Carl leave . as Rick light a cigarette , renault show up . he pour renault well , ricky . I be very pleased with you . now you be beginning to live like a frenchman . rick that be some go - over you man give my place this afternoon . we just barely get clean up in time to open . a drink for renault . renault well , I tell strasser he would not find the letter here . but I tell my man to be especially destructive . you know how that impress Germans ? ( take a sip ) Rick , have you get this letter of transit ? rick Louis , be you pro-vichy or free french ? renault serve I right for ask a direct question . the subject be close . rick well , it look like you be a little late . renault huh ? Rick gaze at yvonne and a german officer approach the bar . rick so yvonne 's go over to the enemy . 78 . renault who know ? in she own way she may constitute a entire second front . I think it 's time for I to flatter Major strasser a little . I will see you later , Rick . renault get up and stroll away . at the bar , yvonne and the german officer place they order . yvonne sacha ! german officer french seventy - fives . yvonne be somewhat drunk already . yvonne put up a whole row of they , sacha ... start here and end here . she indicate with she hand where she want they . german officer we will begin with two . a french officer at the bar make a remark to yvonne . french officer ( in french ) say , you , you be not french to go with a german like this ! yvonne ( in french ) what be you but in for ? french officer ( in french ) I be but in -- yvonne ( break in , in french ) -- it 's none of you business ! german officer ( in french ) no , no , no , no ! one minute ! ( in English ) what do you say ? would you kindly 79 . repeat it ? french officer what I say be none of you business ! german officer I will make it my business ! they begin to fight . yvonne ( in french ) stop ! I beg of you ! I beg of you , stop ! there be exclamation from people nearby . german officer at a nearby table rise , ready to join in . Rick walk up and separate the two man . rick ( to the german ) I do not like disturbance in my place . either lay off politics or get out . french officer ( in french ) dirty boche . someday we will have we revenge ! renault , strasser and the other officer sit down again . strasser you see , Captain , the situation be not as much under control as you believe . renault my dear Major , we be try to cooperate with you government , but we cannot regulate the feeling of we people . strasser eye he closely . strasser Captain renault , be you entirely certain which side you be on ? renault I have no conviction , if that 's what you mean . I blow with the wind , and the prevaile wind happen to be from Vichy . 80 . strasser and if it should change ? he smile . renault surely the Reich do not admit that possibility ? renault light a cigarette and puff away . strasser we be concerned about more than casablanca . we know that every french province in Africa be honey - comb with traitor wait for they chance , wait , perhaps , for a leader . renault ( casually ) a leader , like laszlo ? strasser uh , huh . I have be think . it be too dangerous if we let he go . it may be too dangerous if we let he stay . renault ( thoughtfully ) I see what you mean . Carl , bottle in hand , approach the table of a middle - age german couple , the leuchtags . carl ( in german ) I bring you the finest brandy . only the employee drink it here . he pour a drink for each of they . mr . leuchtag thank you , Carl . carl ( as he pour ) for Mrs. leuchtag . mrs . leuchtag thank you , Carl . 81 . carl for Mr. leuchtag . mr . leuchtag Carl , sit down . have a brandy with we . mrs . leuchtag ( beam with happiness ) to celebrate we leave for America tomorrow . Carl sit down . carl thank you very much . I think you would ask I , so I bring the good brandy and a third glass . he produce a glass from a back pocket . mrs . leuchtag at last the day have come . mr . leuchtag frau leuchtag and I be speak nothing but English now . mrs . leuchtag so we should feel at home ven have get to America . carl a very nice idea . mr . leuchtag ( raise he glass ) to America . Mrs. leuchtag and Carl repeat " to America . " they clink glass and drink . mr . leuchtag liebchen , uh , sweetness heart , what watch ? she glance at she wristwatch . mrs . leuchtag ten watch . mr . leuchtag ( surprised ) such much ? 82 . carl er , you will get along beautifully in America , huh . annina meet renault in the hallway as she leave the gambling room , renault how 's lady luck treat you ? aw , too bad . you will find he over there . annina see Rick and go to he table . annina monsieur Rick ? rick yes ? annina could I speak to you for just a moment , please ? Rick look at she . rick how do you get in here ? you be under age . annina I come with Captain renault . rick ( cynically ) I should have know . annina my husband be with I , too . rick he be ? well , Captain renault 's get broadmind . sit down . will you have a drink ? annina shake she head . rick no , of course not . do you mind if I do ? annina no. 83. Rick pour himself a drink annina monsieur Rick , what kind of man be Captain renault ? rick oh , he 's just like any other man , only more so . annina no , I mean , be he trustworthy ? be he word -- rick -- now , just a minute . who tell you to ask I that ? annina he do . Captain renault do . rick I think so . where 's you husband ? annina at the roulette table , try to win enough for we exit visa . well of course , he 's lose . Rick look at she closely . rick how long have you be marry ? annina eight week . we come from Bulgaria . oh , thing be very bad there , monsieur . a devil have the people by the throat . so , Jan and I , we , we do not want we child to grow up in such a country . rick ( wearily ) so you decide to go to America . annina yes , but we have not much money , and travel be so expensive and difficult . it be much more than we think to get here . and then Captain renault see we and he be so kind . he want to help we . there be 84 . rick yes , I will bet . annina he tell I he can give we a exit visa , but we have no money . rick do he know that ? annina oh , yes . rick and he be still willing to give you a visa ? annina yes , monsieur . rick and you want to know -- annina -- will he keep he word ? rick he always have . a silence . annina be very disturb . annina oh , monsieur , you be a man . if someone love you very much , so that you happiness be the only thing that she want in the whole world , but she do a bad thing to make certain of it , could you forgive she ? Rick stare off into space . rick nobody ever love I that much . annina and he never know , and the girl keep this bad thing lock in she heart ? that would be all right , would not it ? rick ( harshly ) 85 . you want my advice ? annina oh , yes , please . rick go back to Bulgaria . annina oh , but if you know what it mean to we to leave Europe , to get to America ! oh , but if Jan should find out ! he be such a boy . in many way I be so much older than he be . rick yes , well , everybody in casablanca have problem . your may work out . you will excuse I . Rick abruptly rise . annina ( tonelessly ) thank you , monsieur . he quickly go off , leave annina alone at the table . she remain seat , too demoralize to move . while Rick check the reservation list , ilsa and laszlo enter the cafe . in the background we hear Sam play , ironically enough , " it have to be you . " Rick greet ilsa and laszlo . rick good evening . laszlo good evening . you see , here we be again . rick I take that as a great compliment to sam. ( to ilsa ) I suppose he mean to you Paris of , well , happier day . laszlo look around . ilsa 86 . ( quietly ) he do . could we have a table close to he ? laszlo and as far away from Major strasser as possible . rick well , the geography may be a little difficult to arrange . Rick snap he finger for the headwaiter . rick Paul ! table thirty ! headwaiter ( to ilsa and laszlo ) yes , sir . right this way , if you please . rick ( to ilsa ) I will have Sam play " as time go by . " I believe that 's you favorite tune . ilsa ( smile ) thank you . Rick walk over to Sam and whisper something to he . Sam stop what he be play and begin " as time go by . " he shake he head as Rick leave . a waiter appear at ilsa and laszlo 's table . laszlo two cognac , please . CUT to : int . rick's cafe - gambling room - night Jan sit at the roulette table . he have only three chip leave and seem bewilder . as Rick come up the croupier speak to Jan . croupier do you wish to place another bet , sir ? jan no , no , I guess not . 87 . Rick stand behind Jan. rick ( to Jan ) have you try twenty - two tonight ? I say , twenty - two . Jan look at Rick , then at the chip in he hand . he paue , then put the chip on twenty - two . Rick and the croupier exchange look . the croupier understand what Rick want he to do . he spin the wheel . Carl follow the proceedings , fascinate . the wheel stop spin . croupier ( in french ) twenty - two , black , twenty -two . a winner . renault , at a nearby table , take notice of what be happen . the croupier push a pile of chip onto twenty - two and Jan reach for it . rick ( not even look at Jan ) leave it there . Jan hesitates , then withdraw he hand . Carl continue to watch . the wheel spin . nobody speak while it spin . it stop . croupier twenty -two , black . another winner . the croupier shove a pile of chip toward Jan . rick ( to Jan ) Cash it in and do not come back . Jan rise to go to the cashier . a customer complain to Carl . customer 88. say , be you sure this place be honest ? carl ( fervently ) honest ! as honest as the day be long ! meanwhile , Rick have walk over to the croupier . rick how we do tonight ? croupier well , a couple of thousand less than I think there would be . Rick smile slightly and go toward the door . annina run up to he and hug he . annina monsieur Rick , I -- rick -- he 's just a lucky guy . carl ( solicitously ) monsieur Rick , may I get you a cup of coffee ? rick no thanks , Carl . carl monsieur Rick ! renault , see that Jan have win , get up from he table to follow Rick . Jan and annina stop he on the way . jan Captain renault , may I -- renault -- oh , not here , please . come to my office in the morning . we will do everything business - like . jan we will be there at six . renault I will be there at ten . I be very happy for both of you . still , it 's very strange that you win . 89 . he look over and see Rick . renault well , maybe not so strange . I will see you in the morning . annina thank you so much , Captain renault . CUT to : int . rick's cafe - MAIN room - night at the bar , Carl whisper in sacha 's ear . sacha say " no ! " and run to Rick . sacha boss , you have do a beautiful thing . he kiss Rick on both cheek . rick go away , you crazy Russian ! Carl pour a brandy for Rick . pretend not to do so , Rick glance in ilsa 's direction . renault come up to he . renault as I suspect , you be a rank sentimentalist . rick yeah ? why ? renault ( chidingly ) why do you interfere with my little romance ? rick put it down as a gesture to love . renault ( good-naturedly ) well , I forgive you this time . but I will be in tomorrow night with a breathtaking blonde , and it will make I very happy if she lose . uh huh ! he smile and walk away . laszlo come up to rick. 90 . laszlo monsieur blaine , I wonder if I could talk to you ? rick go ahead . laszlo well , be not there some other place ? it 's rather confidential , what I have to say . rick my office . laszlo right . dissolve to : int . rick's cafe - office - night Rick and laszlo sit and discuss laszlo 's dilemma . laszlo you must know it 's very important I get out of casablanca . it 's my privilege to be one of the leader of a great movement . you know what I have be do . you know what it mean to the work , to the life of thousand and thousand of people that I be free to reach America and continue my work . rick I be not interested in politics . the problem of the world be not in my department . I be a saloon keeper . laszlo my friend in the underground tell I that you have quite a record . you run gun to ethiopia . you fight against the fascist in Spain . rick what of it ? laszlo be not it strange that you always 91 . happen to be fight on the side of the underdog ? rick yes . I find that a very expensive hobby , too . but then I never be much of a businessman . Rick get up , as do laszlo . laszlo be you enough of a businessman to appreciate a offer of a hundred thousand francs ? rick I appreciate it , but I do not accept it . laszlo I will raise it to two hundred thousand . rick my friend , you could make it a million francs , or three , my answer would still be the same . laszlo there must be some reason why you will not let I have they . rick there be . I suggest that you ask you wife . laszlo I beg you pardon ? rick I say , ask you wife . laszlo my wife ? laszlo look at he , puzzle . rick yes . Rick and laszlo hear male voice sing downstairs . CUT to : int . rick's cafe - MAIN room - night 92 . a group of german officer stand around the piano sing the " wacht be rhein . " CUT to : int . rick's cafe - balcony - night Rick stand at the balcony outside he office and watch the Germans below . CUT to : int . rick's cafe - MAIN room - night at the bar , renault watch with raise eyebrow . CUT to : int . rick's cafe - balcony - night laszlo 's lip be very tight as he listen to the song . he start down the step . CUT to : int . rick's cafe - MAIN room - night laszlo pass the table where ilsa sit and go straight to the orchestra . yvonne , sit at a table with she german officer , stare down into she drink . laszlo speak to the orchestra . laszlo play the marseillaise ! play it ! member of the orchestra glance toward the step , toward Rick , who nod to they . laszlo and corina sing as they start to play . strasser conduct the german sing in a attempt to drow out the competition . people in the cafe begin to sing the " marseillaise . " after a while , strasser and he officer give up and sit down . the " marseillaise " continue , however . yvonne jump up and sing with tear in she eye . ilsa , overcome with emotion , look proudly at laszlo , who sing with passion . 93. finally the whole cafe stand , sing , they face aglow . the song finish on a high , triumphant note . yvonne 's face be exalt . she deliberately face the alcove where the Germans be watch . she shout at the top of she lung . yvonne vive La France ! vive la democracie ! crowd vive La France ! vive la democracie ! people clap and cheer . strasser be very angry . he stride across the floor toward renault who be stand at the bar . strasser you see what I mean ? if laszlo 's presence in a cafe can inspire this unfortunate demonstration , what more will he presence in casablanca bring on ? I advise that this place be shut up at once . renault ( innocently ) but everybody 's have such a good time . strasser yes , much too good a time . the place be to be close . renault but I have no excuse to close it . strasser ( snap ) find one . several french officer surround laszlo , offer he a drink . renault think a moment , then blow a loud blast on he whistle . the room grow quiet , all eye turn toward renault . renault ( loudly ) everybody be to leave here immediately ! this cafe be close until further notice ! a angry murmur start among the crowd . begin to leave . clear the room at once ! Rick come quickly up to renault . rick how can you close I up ? on what grounds ? renault I be shocked , shocked to find that gambling be go on in here ! this display of nerve leave Rick at a loss . come out of the gambling room and up to renault . he hand he a roll of bill . croupier you winning , sir . renault oh . thank you very much . he turn to the crowd again . renault everybody out at once ! as the cafe empty , strasser approach ilsa . be abrupt but cordial . strasser Mademoiselle , after this disturbance it be not safe for laszlo to stay in casablanca . ilsa this morning you imply it be not safe for he to leave casablanca . strasser that be also true , except for one destination , to return to occupy France . ilsa occupy France ? strasser uh huh . under a safe conduct from I . ilsa 94 . people get up and the croupier his manner 95 . ( with intensity ) what value be that ? you may recall what german guarantee have be worth in the past . strasser there be only two other alternative for he . ilsa what be they ? strasser it be possible the french authority will find a reason to put he in the concentration camp here . ilsa and the other alternative ? strasser my dear Mademoiselle , perhaps you have already observe that in casablanca , human life be cheap . good night , Mademoiselle . she look at he , understanding what he mean . he bow and exit as laszlo arrive at the table . they start out of the cafe . ilsa what happen with Rick ? laszlo we will discuss it later . CUT to : int . HOTEL hallway - night ilsa and laszlo walk to they room . CUT to : int . HOTEL room - night laszlo switch on the light as they enter . while ilsa take off some jewelry he walk to the window and peer out into the darkeness . below and across the street , a man stand under a arch . laszlo watch he , then draw down the shade . 96 . laszlo we faithful friend be still there . ilsa Victor , please , do not go to the underground meeting tonight . laszlo ( soberly ) I must . besides , it be not often that a man have a chance to display heroic before he wife . he cross to a table , take a cigarette from a box , and strike a match . ilsa do not joke . after Major strasser 's warning tonight , I be frighten . laszlo to tell you the truth , I be frighten too . shall I remain here in we hotel room hide , or shall I carry on the best I can ? he light the cigarette . ilsa whatever I would say , you would carry on . Victor , why do not you tell I about Rick ? what do you find out ? laszlo apparently he have the letter . ilsa yes ? laszlo but no intention of sell they . one would think if sentiment would not persuade he , money would . ilsa be now noticeably uncomfortable . ilsa do he give any reason ? laszlo he suggest I ask you . ilsa ask I ? 97 . laszlo yes . he say , " ask you wife . " I do not know why he say that . laszlo turn off the light . ilsa walk over to the couch and sit down . laszlo well , we friend outside will think we have retire by now . I will be go in a few minute . he sit down on the couch next to she . a silence fall between they . it grow strain . finally ... laszlo ilsa , I -- ilsa -- yes ? laszlo when I be in the concentration camp , be you lonely in Paris ? ilsa still can not look at he . ilsa yes , Victor , I be . laszlo ( sympathetically ) I know how it be to be lonely . ( very quietly ) be there anything you wish to tell I ? ilsa ( speak low ) no , Victor , there be not . laszlo I love you very much , my dear . ilsa finally turn to look at laszlo . ilsa yes , yes I know . Victor , whatever I do , will you believe that I , that -- laszlo -- you do not even have to say it . I will believe . goodnight , dear . 98. he bend down and kiss she cheek . ilsa goodnight . she watch he go . ilsa Victor ! she get up and follow he to the door . he open it . in the slit of light from the hall we see ilsa 's face , now strain and worried . she hesitates for a moment , then ... ilsa be careful . laszlo of course , I will be careful . he kiss she on the cheek and go out the door . she stand there for a few second , then cross to look out of the window . the figure in the archway be go . she see Victor walk down the street and close the blind again . ilsa get a cloak from the bedroom , and leave the hotel room . CUT to : int . rick's cafe - MAIN room - night Rick and Carl sit by the bar and look over ledger . Carl be busy figure . he look up at Rick . carl well , you be in pretty good shape , herr Rick . rick how long can I afford to stay close ? carl oh , two week , maybe three . rick maybe I will not have to . a bribe have work before . in the meantime , everybody stay on salary . carl oh , thank you , herr Rick . sacha will be happy to hear it . I owe he money . 99 . Carl laugh . rick now you finish lock up , will you , Carl ? carl I will . then I be go to the meeting of the -- rick ( interrupt ) -- do not tell I where you be go . carl I will not . rick goodnight . carl goodnight , monsieur Rick . Rick walk up the stair to he apartment . CUT to : int . rick's cafe - apartment - night Rick open the door and go inside the dark room . Light from the hall reveal a figure by the window . he light a small lamp . ilsa face he , she face white but determine . Rick pause for a moment in astonishment . rick how do you get in ? ilsa the stair from the street . ilsa come over to meet he . rick I tell you this morning you would come around , but this be a little ahead of schedule . well , will not you sit down ? ilsa Richard , I have to see you . rick you use " Richard " again ? we be back he walk 100 . in Paris . ilsa please . rick you unexpected visit be not connect by any chance with the letter of transit ? it seem that as long as I have that letter I will never be lonely . ilsa you can ask any price you want , but you must give I that letter . rick I go through all that with you husband . it 's no deal . ilsa I know how you feel about I , but I be ask you to put you feeling aside for something more important . rick do I have to hear again what a great man you husband be ? what a important cause he 's fight for ? ilsa it be you cause , too . in you own way , you be fight for the same thing . rick I be not fight for anything anymore , except myself . I be the only cause I be interested in . over to the window and ilsa follow . ilsa Richard , Richard , we love each other once . if that day mean anything at all to you -- rick ( interrupt , harshly ) -- I would not bring up Paris if I be you . it 's poor salesmanship . ilsa please . please listen to I . if you know what really happen , if 101 . you only know the truth -- rick ( cut in ) -- I would not believe you , no matter what you tell I . you would say anything now to get what you want . Rick walk over to a table and open a cigarette box , but find it empty . ilsa you want to feel sorry for yourself , do not you ? with so much at stake , all you can think of be you own feeling . one woman have hurt you , and you take revenge on the rest of the world . you be a , you be a coward , and a weakling . there be tear in she eye now . he turn he stop she hand . ilsa no . oh , Richard , I be sorry . I be sorry , but , but you , you be we last hope . if you do not help we , Victor laszlo will die in casablanca . rick what of it ? I be go to die in casablanca . it 's a good spot for it . away to light a cigarette , then back to ilsa . rick now if you -- short as he see ilsa hold a small revolver in it 's point directly at he . ilsa -- all right . I try to reason with you . I try everything . now I want that letter . get they for I . rick I do not have to . I have get they right here . ilsa put they on the table . 102 . rick ( shaking he head ) no. ilsa for the last time , put they on the table . rick if laszlo and the cause mean so much to you , you will not stop at anything . all right , I will make it easier for you . he move closer to she . rick go ahead and shoot . you will be do I a favor . her hand drop down , and there be tear in she eye again . she turn and walk away from he . ilsa Richard , I try to stay away . I think I would never see you again , that you be out of my life . Rick follow she and take she in he arm . he press she tight to he . ilsa the day you leave , if you know what I go through ! if you know how much I love you , how much I still love you ! Rick kiss she passionately . she be lose in he embrace . dissolve to : int . rick's cafe - apartment - later from he window , Rick watch the revolve beacon light at the airport . ilsa sit on the couch . on a table before she rest a bottle of champagne along with two half - fill glass . Rick walk over to she . rick 103 . and then ? ilsa it be not long after we be marry that Victor go back to Czechoslovakia . they need he in Prague , but there the gestapo be wait for he . just a two - line item in the paper : " Victor laszlo apprehend . send to concen - tration camp . " I be frantic . for month I try to get word . then it come . he be dead , shot try to escape . I be lonely . I have nothing . not even hope . then I meet you . rick why be not you honest with I ? why do you keep you marriage a secret ? Rick sit down with ilsa . ilsa oh , it be not my secret , Richard . Victor want it that way . not even we close friend know about we marriage . that be he way of protect I . I know so much about he work , and if the gestapo find out I be he wife it would be dangerous for I and for that work with I . rick when do you first find out he be alive ? ilsa just before you and I be to leave Paris together . a friend come and tell I that Victor be alive . they be hide he in a freight car on the outskirt of Paris . he be sick , he need I . I want to tell you , but I , I do not care . I know , I know you would not have leave Paris , and the gestapo would have catch you . sol ... well , well , you know the rest . rick huh . but it 's still a story without a end . what about now ? ilsa now ? I do not know . I know that 104 . I will never have the strength to leave you again . rick and laszlo ? ilsa oh , you will help he now , Richard , will not you ? you will see that he get out ? then he will have he work , all that he 's be live for . rick all except one . he will not have you . ilsa put she head on Rick 's shoulder . ilsa I can not fight it anymore . I run away from you once . I can not do it again . oh , I do not know what 's right any longer . you will have to think for both of we , for all of we . rick all right , I will . here 's look at you , kid . ilsa I wish I do not love you so much . she snuggle closer to Rick . CUT to : ext . rick's cafe - night laszlo and Carl make they way through the darkness toward a side entance of Rick 's . they run inside the entryway . the headlight of a speed police car sweep toward they . they flatten themselves against a wall to avoid detection . the light move past they . carl I think we lose they . laszlo yes . I be afraid they catch some of the other . carl come inside . come. 105 . CUT to : int . rick's cafe - MAIN room - night laszlo and Carl enter and cross toward the bar , out of breath from they exertion . carl come inside . I will help you . come in here . laszlo thank you . Carl go behind the bar . carl I will give you some water . CUT to : int . / ext . rick's cafe - apartment - night Rick and ilsa hear voice below . Rick cross to the door . he open it just enough to see below , and turn off the light . ilsa stand just in back of he . she make a move as if to go out to the balcony but Rick 's push she back . she withdraw behind the door . Rick walk out to the balcony railing . int . rick's cafe - balcony / MAIN room - night Rick see Carl attend to laszlo , who appear to be injure . rick Carl , what happen ? both Carl and laszlo look up . carl ( excitedly ) the police break up we meeting . herr Rick ! we escape in the last moment . rick come up here a minute . Carl look up wonderingly , then start toward the stairway . 106 . carl yes , I come . rick I want you to turn out the light in the rear entrance . it might attract the police . carl but sacha always put out that light -- rick -- tonight he forget . carl yes , I come , I will do it . Carl climb the stair . CUT to : int . rick's cafe - apartment - night Carl enter Rick 's apartment and see ilsa . he look at Rick and say nothing . rick ( in a low voice ) I want you to take miss Lund home . carl yes , sir . CUT to : int . rick's cafe - MAIN room - night Rick come down the stair . laszlo wrap one of the small bar towel around he cut wrist . Rick look questioningly at the injure hand . laszlo it 's nothing . just a little cut . we have to get through a window . Rick walk to the bar , pick up a bottle , and pour a drink . rick well , this might come in handy . laszlo thank you . 107 . rick have a close one , eh ? laszlo yes , rather . laszlo take a drink . rick do not you sometimes wonder if it 's worth all this ? I mean what you be fight for ? laszlo we might as well question why we breathe . if we stop breathe , we will die . if we stop fight we enemy , the world will die . rick what of it ? then it will be out of it 's misery . Rick reach in he jacket for he cigarette case , open it , and take out a cigarette . laszlo you know how you sound , monsieur blaine ? like a man who 's try to convince himself of something he do not believe in he heart . each of we have a destiny , for good or for evil . rick yes , I get the point . Rick light he cigarette . laszlo I wonder if you do . I wonder if you know that you be try to escape from yourself and that you will never succeed . rick you seem to know all about my destiny . laszlo I know a good deal more about you than you suspect . I know , for instance , that you be in love with a woman . it be perhaps strange that we both should be in love with the he look suddenly 108 . same woman . the first evening I come here in this cafe , I know there be something between you and ilsa . since no one be to blame , I , I demand no explanation . I ask only one thing . you will not give I the letter of transit . all right . but I want my wife to be safe . I ask you as a favor to use the letter to take she away from casablanca . rick you love she that much ? laszlo apparently you think of I only as the leader of a cause . well , I be also a human be . away for a moment . laszlo yes , I love she that much . there be a crash at the door of the cafe , follow by the force entry of several gendarme . a french officer walk in and address laszlo . french officer Mr. laszlo ? laszlo yes ? french officer you will come with we . we have a warrant for you arrest . laszlo on what charge ? french officer Captain renault will discuss that with you later . rick it seem that destiny have take a hand . laszlo look for a moment at Rick , then in dignify silence cross to the officer . together they walk toward the door . Rick 's eye follow they , but he expression reveal nothing of he feeling . 109 . CUT to : int . renault office - morning renault finger renault and the sit at he desk and smoke while Rick nervously he hat . they be interrupt by a orderly . hand some form to the orderly , who then exit , conversation continue . rick but you have not any actual proof , and you know it . this be not Germany or occupy France . all you can do be fine he a few thousand francs and give he thirty day . you might as well let he go now . renault ricky , I would advise you not to be too interested in what happen to laszlo . if by any chance you be to help he escape -- rick -- what make you think I would stick my neck out for laszlo ? renault because one , you have bet ten thousand francs he would escape . two , you have the letter of transit , now do not bother to deny it . and , well , you might do it simply because you do not like strasser 's look . as a matter of fact , I do not like he either . rick well , they be all excellent reason . renault do not count too much on my friendship , ricky . in this matter I be powerless . besides , I might lose ten thousand francs . rick you be not very subtle , but you be effective . I , I get the point . yes , I have the letter , but I intend use they myself . I be leave casablanca on tonight 's plane , the last plane . renault 110 . huh ? rick and I be take a friend with I . one you will appreciate . renault what friend ? rick ilsa lund. ( pause ) that ought to put you mind to rest about my help laszlo escape . the last man I want to see in America . renault you do not come here to tell I this . you have the letter of transit . you can fill in you name and hers and leave any time you please . why be you interested in what happen to laszlo ? renault get out of he chair and cross to the front of he desk . rick I be not . but I be interested in what happen to ilsa and I . we have a legal right to go , that 's true . but people have be hold in casablanca in spite of they legal rights . renault retrieve a fresh cigarette from a box on he desk . renault what make you think we want to hold you ? renault chain - light he new cigarette with the old one . rick ilsa be laszlo 's wife . she probably know thing that strasser would like to know . Louis , I will make a deal with you . instead of this petty charge you have against he , you can get something really big , something that would chuck he in a concentration camp for year . that would be quite a feather in you cap , would not it ? 141 . renault it certainly would . Germany ... Vichy would be very grateful . rick then release he . you be at my place a half hour before the plane leave . renault sit back down in he chair . rick I will arrange to have laszlo come there to pick up the letter of transit , and that will give you the criminal grounds on which to make the arrest . you get he , and we get away . to the Germans that last will be just a minor annoyance . renault ( puzzle ) there 's still something about this business I do not quite understand . miss Lund , she 's very beautiful , yes , but you be never interested in any woman . rick well , she be not just any woman . Rick stare at the floor , then look back up at renault . renault I see . how do I know you will keep you end of the bargain ? rick I will make the arrangement right now with laszlo in the visitor 's pen . renault ricky , I be go to miss you . apparently you be the only one in casablanca who have even less scruples than I . rick oh , thanks . renault go ahead , ricky . 112. renault press a button on he desk , trigger a buzzer . the door to renault 's office open . Rick rise to go . rick and by the way , call off you watchdog when you let he go . I do not want they around this afternoon . I be take no chance , Louis , not even with you . CUT to : int . the blue parrot - day a waiter bring tea to Rick and Ferrari , who sit alone at a table in a secluded nook off the main room . ferrari shall we draw up the papers , or be we handshake good enough ? rick it 's certainly not good enough . but since I be in a hurry , it will have to do . Ferrari pour a cup for Rick , who take a sip . ferrari ah , to get out of casablanca and go to America ! you be a lucky man . rick oh , by the way , my agreement with Sam 's always be that he get twenty - five percent of the profit . that still go . ferrari hmmm . I happen to know that he get ten percent . but he 's worth twenty - five . rick and Abdul and Carl and sacha , they stay with the place , or I do not sell . ferrari of course they stay . Rick 's would not be Rick 's without they . rick well , so long . Rick get up , follow by Ferrari . they shake hand to seal 113 . the deal . he walk to the door , then stop and turn around . rick do not forget , you owe Rick 's a hundred carton of american cigarettes . ferrari I shall remember to pay it ... to myself . Rick leave . Ferrari pick up a fly swatter from the table and swat at a fly . CUT to : ext . rick's cafe - night a car pull quickly to a stop just outside the cafe . on the door a huge placard read : close by order of the prefect of Police CUT to : int . rick's cafe - MAIN room - night Rick sit at a table inside and read the letter of transit . he hear a knock on the door and put they away in he pocket . he open the door and renault walk in . rick you be late . renault I be inform just as laszlo be about to leave the hotel , so I know I would be on time . rick I think I ask you to tie up you watchdog . renault oh , he will not be follow here . renault look around the empty cafe . renault you know , this place will never be 114 . the same without you , ricky . rick yes , I know what you mean , but I have already speak to Ferrari . you will still win at roulette . renault be everything ready ? Rick point at he breast pocket . rick I have the letter right here . renault tell I , when we searched the place , where be they ? rick Sam 's piano . renault serve I right for not be musical . they hear the crunch of tire as a car pull up . rick oh. here they be . you would better wait in my office . renault walk up the stair to Rick 's office . CUT to : ext . rick's cafe - night laszlo pay the cab driver . ilsa quickly walk toward the entrance . laszlo ( to driver ) here . CUT to : int . rick's cafe - MAIN room - night Rick open the door . ilsa rush in . her intensity reveal the strain she be under . Rick grab she by both arm and pull she close . ilsa Richard , Victor think I be leave 115 . with he . have not you tell he ? rick no , not yet . ilsa but it 's all right , be not it ? you be able to arrange everything ? rick everything be quite all right . ilsa oh , Rick ! she look at he with a vaguely question look . rick we will tell he at the airport . the less time to think , the easier for all of we . please trust I . ilsa pause and look at Rick , unsure for a moment . ilsa yes , I will . laszlo come in and close the door behind himself . laszlo monsieur blaine , I do not know how to thank you . rick oh , save it . we have still lot of thing to do . they all walk towards the bar . laszlo deposit he hat ona a nearby table . CUT to : int . rick's cafe - office - night renault open the office door and peer down at the proceedings . CUT to : int . rick's cafe - MAIN room - night laszlo I bring the money , monsieur blaine . 116 . rick keep it . you will need it in America . laszlo but we make a deal . rick ( cut he short ) oh , never mind about that . you will not have any trouble in Lisbon , will you ? laszlo no . it 's all arrange . rick good . I have get the letter right here , all make out in blank . he take out the letter . rick all you have to do be fill in the signature . he hand they to laszlo , who take they gratefully . renault Victor laszlo ! all three hear footstep and turn to see renault walk towards they from the bottom of the stair . renault Victor laszlo , you be under arrest ... ( as he walk toward they ) on a charge of accessory to the murder of the courier from whom this letter be steal . ilsa and laszlo be both catch completely off guard . they turn towards Rick , bewilder . horror be in ilsa 's eye . renault take the letter . renault oh , you be surprised about my friend ricky ? obviously the situation delight renault . he smile as he turn toward Rick . renault the explanation be quite simple . 117 . Love , it seem , have triumph over virtue . thank -- suddenly the smile fade . in Rick 's hand be a gun , which he level at renault . rick -- not so fast , Louis . nobody 's go to be arrest . not for a while yet . renault have you take leave of you sense ? rick I have . sit down over there . renault put that gun down . renault then walk toward Rick . Rick put out he arm to stop he . rick Louis , I would not like to shoot you , but I will , if you take one more step . renault halt for a moment and study Rick . renault under the circumstance , I will sit down . he walk to a table and sit . rick ( sharply ) keep you hand on the table . he take out a cigarette case . renault I suppose you know what you be do , but I wonder if you realize what this mean ? rick I do . we have get plenty of time to discuss that later . renault call off you watch - dog you say . 118. rick just the same , you call the airport and let I hear you tell they . and remember , this gun 's point right at you heart . renault that be my least vulnerable spot . as renault pick up the phone and dial , Rick take back the letter . renault ( into phone ) hello , be this the airport ? this be Captain renault speak . there will be two letter of transit for the Lisbon plane . there 's to be no trouble about they . good . CUT to : int . german consulate - night strasser be on the phone . strasser hello ? hello ? he hang up the receiver and press a buzzer on he desk . a officer quickly enter . strasser ( to officer ) my car , quickly ! officer ( salute ) Zu befehl , herr Major . the officer exit and strasser resume on the telephone . strasser this be Major strasser . have a squad of police meet I at the airport at once . at once ! do you hear ? he hang up the receiver and , grab for he cap , hurriedly exit . dissolve to : ext . airport - night 119 . the entire airport be surround by a heavy fog . the outline of the transport plane be barely visible . CUT to : int . / ext . airport hangar - night a uniform orderly use a telephone near the hangar door . on the airfield a transport plane be be readied . orderly hello . hello , radio tower ? Lisbon plane take off in ten minute . East runway . visibility : one and one half mile . Light ground fog . depth of fog : approximately 500 . ceil : unlimited . thank you . he hang up and move to a car that have just pull up outside the hangar . renault get out while the orderly stand at attention . he 's closely follow by Rick , right hand in the pocket of he trench coat , cover renault with a gun . laszlo and ilsa emerge from the rear of the car . rick ( indicate the orderly ) Louis , have you man go with Mr. laszlo and take care of he luggage . renault ( bow ironically ) certainly Rick , anything you say . ( to orderly ) find Mr. laszlo 's luggage and put it it on the plane . orderly yes , sir . this way please . the orderly escort laszlo off in the direction of the plane . Rick take the letter of transit out of he pocket and hand they to renault , who turn and walk toward the hangar . rick if you do not mind , you fill in the name . that will make it even more official . renault you think of everything , do not you ? 120. rick ( quietly ) and the name be Mr. and Mrs. Victor laszlo . renault stop dead in he track , and turn around . both ilsa and renault look at Rick with astonishment . ilsa but why my name , Richard ? rick because you be get on that plane . ilsa ( confuse ) I do not understand . what about you ? rick I be stay here with he ' till the plane get safely away . Rick 's intention suddenly dawns on ilsa . ilsa no , Richard , no . what have happen to you ? last night we say -- rick -- last night we say a great many thing . you say I be to do the think for both of we . well , I have do a lot of it since then and it all add up to one thing . you be get on that plane with Victor where you belong . ilsa ( protest ) but Richard , no , I , I -- rick -- you have get to listen to I . do you have any idea what you would have to look forward to if you stay here ? nine chance out of ten we would both wind up in a concentration camp . be not that true , Louis ? renault countersign the papers . renault I be afraid Major strasser would 121 . insist . ilsa you be say this only to make I go . rick I be say it because it 's true . Inside of we we both know you belong with Victor . you be part of he work , the thing that keep he go . if that plane leave the ground and you be not with he , you will regret it . ilsa no. rick maybe not today , maybe not tomorrow , but soon , and for the rest of you life . ilsa but what about we ? rick we will always have Paris . we do not have , we would lose it , until you come to casablanca . we get it back last night . ilsa and I say I would never leave you . rick and you never will . but I have get a job to do , too . where I be go you can not follow . what I have get to do you can not be any part of . ilsa , I be no good at be noble , but it do not take much to see that the problem of three little people do not amount to a hill of bean in this crazy world . someday you will understand that . now , now ... ilsa 's eye well up with tear . Rick put he hand to she chin and raise she face to meet he own . rick here 's look at you , kid . CUT to : 122. ext . road - night Major strasser drive at break - neck speed towards the airport . he honk he horn furiously . CUT to : int . / ext . airport hangar - night laszlo return . Rick walk into the hangar and renault hand he the letter . he walk back out to laszlo . laszlo everything in order ? rick all except one thing . there 's something you should know before you leave . laszlo ( sense what be come ) monsieur blaine , I do not ask you to explain anything . rick I be go to anyway , because it may make a difference to you later on . you say you know about ilsa and I . laszlo yes . rick but you do not know she be at my place last night when you be . she come there for the letter of transit . be not that true , ilsa ? ilsa ( face laszlo ) yes . rick ( forcefully ) she try everything to get they , and nothing work . she do she best to convince I that she be still in love with I , but that be all over long ago . for you sake , she pretend it be not , and I let she pretend . laszlo 123 . I understand . rick here it be . Rick hand the letter to laszlo . laszlo thanks . I appreciate it . laszlo extend he hand to Rick , who grasp it firmly . laszlo and welcome back to the fight . this time I know we side will win . on the airfield the airplane engine turn over and the propeller start turn . they all turn to see the plane readying for take -off . ilsa look at Rick and he return she stare with a blank expression . he then glance at laszlo , as do ilsa . then laszlo break the silence . laszlo be you ready ilsa ? ilsa yes , I be ready . ( to Rick ) Goodbye , Rick . God bless you . rick you better hurry , or you will miss that plane . Rick watch as ilsa and laszlo walk very deliberately towards the plane . renault well I be right . you area sentimentalist . rick stay where you be . I do not know what you be talk about . Rick put a cigarette in he mouth . renault what you just do for laszlo , and that fairy tale that you invent to send ilsa away with he . I knowa 124 . little about woman , my friend . she go , but she know you be lie . rick anyway , thanks for help I out . renault I suppose you know this be not go to be pleasant for either of we , especially for you . I will have to arrest you of course . rick as soon as the plane go , Louis . the door to the plane be close by a attendant and it slowly taxie down the field . suddenly a speed car come to a stop outside the hangar . strasser alight from the car and run toward renault . strasser what be the meaning of that phone call ? renault Victor laszlo be on that plane . renault nod toward the field . strasser turn to see the plane taxiing towards the runway . strasser why do you stand here ? why do not you stop he ? renault ask monsieur Rick . strasser look briefly at Rick , then make a step towards the telephone just inside the hangar door . rick get away from that phone . strasser stop in he track , look at Rick , and see that he be armed . strasser ( steely ) I would advise you not to interfere . rick I be willing to shoot Captain renault , and I be willing to shoot 125 . you . strasser watch the plane in agony . his eye dart towards the telephone . he run toward it and desperately grab the receiver . strasser hello ? rick put that phone down ! strasser get I the Radio Tower ! rick put it down ! strasser , one hand hold the receiver , pull out a pistol with the other hand , and shoot quickly at Rick . the bullet miss its mark . Rick now shoot at strasser , who crumple to the ground . at the sound of a approach car both man turn . a police car speed in and come to a stop near renault . four gendarme hurriedly jump out . in the distance the plane turn onto the runway . the gendarme run to renault . the first one hurriedly salute he . gendarme mon capitaine ! renault Major strasser 's be shot . renault pause and look at Rick . Rick return renault 's gaze with expressionless eye . renault round up the usual suspect . gendarme oui , mon capitaine . the gendarme take strasser 's body away and then drive off . renault walk inside the hangar , pick up a bottle of Vichy water , and open it . renault 126. well , Rick , you be not only a sentimentalist , but you have become a patriot . rick maybe , but it seem like a good time to start . renault I think perhaps you be right . as he pour the water into a glass , renault see the Vichy label and quickly drop the bottle into a trash basket which he then kick over . he walk over and stand beside Rick . they both watch the plane take off , maintain they gaze until it disappear into the cloud . Rick and Louis slowly walk away from the hangar toward the runway . renault it might be a good idea for you to disappear from casablanca for a while . there 's a free french garrison over at brazzaville . I could be induce to arrange a passage . rick my letter of transit ? I could use a trip . but it do not make any difference about we bet . you still owe I ten thousand francs . renault and that ten thousand francs should pay we expense . rick we expense ? renault uh huh . rick Louis , I think this be the beginning of a beautiful friendship . the two walk off together into the night . fade out . the end