case 39 written by Ray wright 02/06/06 inspire by real event 1. pitch black . we hear footstep sneaking up a old wooden staircase . two people move as one . topping the stair , they creep down the hall to the close door that protect we . we can hear they behind it , whisper , bicker insanely , one shushing the other . the squeak of a door knob slowly turn . the faint click of the latch . and the door inch open , throw a razor- thin shaft of light into the darkness where it illuminate a frightened eye as a ten-year - old girl sit up in bed . Dead tired . stare at the two dark face peer in at she . girl I can see you ... and the door close , leave we once more in total darkness . we can hear they bicker again as they shuffle away , they footstep descend the stair , fade into the uneasy silence of this old house ... int . fifth grade classroom , los angele - day a young teacher ( darla ) chalk a lesson on a blackboard in a sun -drench Los Angeles classroom . darla -- and we know from yesterday that the base of a triangle time half the height equal the area . a girl in the back row raise she hand . darla yes , Mia ? girl Lucy 's asleep again . Darla put down the chalk and come up the aisle to where a slight , fair -skin girl in a thrift shop dress sleep head down on she desk . the girl from the open scene . lucy sheridan . Darla stand over she with obvious concern . put a finger to she lip to quiet the giggle . darla let she sleep . she draw the shade . it drop a shadowbox on the sleep girl . 2 . int . counseling room , department of child SERVICES , los angele - day a former gang member sit with he wife and troubled eight - year - old son . the martinez family . a family in crisis . sitting opposite be a LA County social worker . twenties . attractive but overworked . emily . gang member he would just go off , you know , start tearin ' the place down . you do not even know why he be doin ' it half the time , you just get out of he way ... emily and what you learn from you father now Diego 's learn from you ...? it 's painful for he to hear that . he love he son , quit the street for he . overcome by emotion , he nod yes . emily that really upset you , do not it ? he wipe he eye on he tattooe arm . gang member yeah . cuz I mean I do not want he to be like I . the boy look at he father , have never see he cry before . int . corridor - day outside the conference room , Emily muss the boy 's hair . emily a whole week without skip school ? be that true ? he smile , nod . a glimpse of the boy he might have be . emily that 's the last time I make a bet with you . ( to he parent ) see you guy next week . the martinez family head down the hall , Diego lag behind . Emily watch with guard optimism , know they chance . then turn to the next family , welcoming the beleaguered mother : 3. emily you cut you hair . it look great . int . emily's cubicle - day the hurried open and close of file reveal photo of abuse child . bruise . cuts. Broken bone . Emily try to locate a single case amid the stack and clutter on she desk . a angry mother scream at she on the phone : emily no one be try to steal you child , they find bruise and cigarette burn -- Mrs Lynch , I read the medical report -- well , if you feel you need legal representation that 's perfectly within you rights ... a flurry of obscenity follow by a dial tone . Emily put the phone down . sigh wearily . wayne ( o.s. ) one less Christmas card for Emily . her supervisor wayne , forty , gay , lean in the doorway . wayne how many active case you have ? emily thirty -eight . he drop another file on she desk . emily no , absolutely not , look at this , Wayne , look , I be bury -- wayne sorry , em , we all be . he walk off . Emily shove the new file onto the shelf above she desk . look at it guiltily . take it down again . handwritten on the front : sheridan , lucy . she open it . a school portrait of ten-year - old Lucy clipped to the preliminary report . the sad face draw Emily in . ext . wilshire blvd - day a old volvo wagon skirt rush hour traffic on wilshire . fade red paint . ski rack on the roof . a ancient bumpersticker say educate . 4. int . volvo wagon - day ipod jack into the car stereo play hip alternative music , Emily lean on a elbow as she drive , not crazy about L.A. but at ease with herself . ext . emily's house - day Emily 's red volvo wagon turn in the drive of a single - person home she rent in a work - class neighborhood . int . emily's house - day cozy . her haven . Light color offset dark hardwood floor . Emily come in , stack of file under she arm . tire . Long day . drop the file in a chair . sprinkle some food in a fish tank . referees through the glass . emily do not fight . hey , that 's he . turn on the tv . World news . violence . people suffer . turn it off . put on some quiet music . Hit play on she answer machine as she flop down barefoot on the sofa with a magazine , peel a orange , decompress . young woman' voice hey , it 's suze , miss you at yoga the other day , give I a call . beep . young woman' voice # 2 hi , em , Jackie , just check in , hope you be good . beep . a charming male voice : doug's voice exhausted , she career path questionable , she faith in mankind shake , she resist she tendency toward introspection and go to have a drink with she friend doug. beep . Emily give a tired sigh . faint smile under it . int . bar - night noisy , trendy downtown bar . professional type on a bar stool . thirties . handsome . doug . he laugh when he see Emily . 5 . doug I be so in you head . she give he a kiss . sit down beside he . emily be honest . the whole psychology thing , it 's just about scoring chick , be not it ? doug regrettably , yes . they share a laugh . he gesture to the bartender for another beer . emily you know what freak I out ? doug that you have a four- year degree and make seventeen grand a year after tax ? emily I sit there talk to this family , you know , like I be some expert . my family 's a train wreck . I mean , I have this moment today where I realize I might be totally full of it . doug everybody 's full of it . in the end you be a number to call for people who do not have anyone else . there 's no way that 's bad . Emily nod , appreciate that . recognize a girl go by in the crowd . a friend from school . well - dress . career - orient . the track Emily might be on if she be not a social worker . emily hey becca ... friend ( hugging her ) hey . so one of we be a major screwup , I can not remember if I be suppose to call you or the other way around ...? emily no , it 's I , it 's just be a crazy couple week . you remember Doug . 6 . friend ( handshake ) hi. ( then to Emily ) listen , my ride 's leave , let 's catch up soon , okay ? Emily nod okay . the girl depart . Emily 's beer arrive . Doug hand it to she . doug so anyway , I have do some soul search and I just want to say that if a full - on relationship feel like too much right now , I would be willing to consider a purely physical one . Emily , sip she beer , smile . doug hey , you might actually enjoy yourself . emily I be sure I would , I just ... hard to explain . Doug save she the trouble . doug I know , I know , the job , you get home you do not have anything leave . Emily nod yeah , lean in closer , the friendly banter give way to a moment of real sincerity . emily if it be anyone , it would be you . they exchange a look then Doug clink he glass against hers . and as they drink together after a long day , more than friend , less than lover ... int . emily's bedroom - night Emily in glass , read the sheridan file on she bed . the preliminary report concern she : " socially withdraw . lack of appetite . sleep at school ... " her gaze return to Lucy 's photo . sadly , under she breath : emily what be they do to you ? 7. ext . sheridan house - day a dark , rundown family home on a once - prosperous cul de sac . Emily pull up . get out . check that she have the right address . halfway up the walk something stop she dead in she track - a woman' face stare at she through one of the lacy white curtain upstairs . ghostly pale . go as soon as she see it . Emily stand freeze for a moment . walk on . she reach to knock on the door and it open abruptly , the security chain snap taut . a woman 's voice growl at she from the darkness inside : woman' voice what ? emily Emily jenning . child service ? we speak on the phone ...? peer through the crack be the pallid , bony face from the upstairs window . Lucy 's mother . margaret sheridan . margaret you say the seventeenth . emily today be the seventeenth . margaret be not . emily I be sorry , but it be . margaret Friday be the thirteenth . Emily , rather amaze at the conversation she 's have , take a newspaper from she bag . indicate the date . emily Friday be the fourteenth , that make today the seventeenth . Monday the seventeenth . the date of we appointment . the door close in Emily 's face . what the hell ? then we hear the chain unlock . it open again . 8. and we get we first good look at Lucy 's mother . gaunt . pale . Dark ring under she eye . she step aside , not welcoming Emily in , merely allow she to enter . int . sheridan house - day it 's dark , the curtain draw . Margaret twitches one open in begrudge courtesy . the house be tidy but sad , steepe in a kind of puritanical gloom . Lucy peer down through the upstairs banister , anxious , unsure what 's go on . Emily see she , smile . emily come down , I would like to meet you . Lucy hesitates , sense she mother 's disapproval . come slowly down the stair . Emily shake she hand . emily my name 's Emily . what 's yours ? lucy Lucy . emily pretty name . pretty girl . Lucy turn shyly away . emily ( to margaret ) be there somewhere we can talk ? Margaret sigh and head down the hall . int . live room , sheridan house - day Emily , file in hand , try to project professionalism in a arm chair that tilt to one side . Margaret and Lucy sit opposite on the sofa . emily when do you expect you husband back ? Margaret shrug . emily because we have find it 's more beneficial if the whole family participate . margaret well he 's not home so ... shrug again . 9 . emily do you have any way of contact he ? margaret not if I do not know where he be . just then we hear a power tool go on in the basement . Emily , sense the lie , indicate the floor . emily be that ...? Margaret avert she eye . emily would you ask he to join we ? margaret he do not have anything to say . emily would you ask he ? Margaret weigh Emily 's resolve , give Lucy a cautionary glance then exit . we hear she open a door and holler into the basement over the noise of the power tool . margaret ( o.s. ) Edward ! edward ! the power tool stop . margaret ( o.s. ) that lady 's here . from the state . she want to talk to you . we hear a angry unintelligible reply . margaret ( o.s. ) I already tell she , she want to anyway . we hear the power tool get throw aside . footstep pound up the cellar stair . Emily 's and Lucy 's face reflect the same simple fear . they eye meet . emily it will be okay . Lucy not so sure . the footstep be upon they . edward sheridan make he entrance . a menace man with a gaunt face and dark deep - set eye . Emily hold out she hand . 10 . emily hi , I be Emily -- Edward forgo the handshake , he contempt obvious . sit beside Lucy on the sofa . Margaret sit on the other side . Lucy tense , trap between they . Emily speak with kindness and composure . hostile encounter part of the job . emily I be here today because Lucy 's school be concerned about change they be see in she academic performance . the kind of change they be see be often associate with family problem . Edward lean over and whisper something caustic in Margaret 's ear . margaret Eddie say we do not have family problem . emily that 's just it , many time a family will not even know they be have problem until it 's too late . that 's where we come in . we help family communicate and learn healthier way of resolve conflict . Edward whisper again in Margaret 's ear . margaret Eddie say we do not need you help . emily Mr sheridan , be there some reason you will not speak to I directly ? Edward just stare at she . emily ( to margaret ) be there some reason why you husband will not speak to I directly ? Margaret nod , give Edward a look as though for permission . margaret Eddie do not like speakin ' out of anger . Emily do well to hide she fear . refuse to be intimidate , she engage Edward 's stare . a battle of will . but he gaze have a murderous intensity she can not match . she look down , shuffle papers . Battle lose . 11 . int . child SERVICES - night Emily follow Wayne along a row of cubicle after hour . he 's drop file on desk . the new case never stop . wayne no law against be weird , em. send it over to cmc , we will do a follow - up in a month . emily I do not say weird , I say scary . the guy sit there the entire time stare at I , the mother be like he emotional slave . Wayne pause in mock bewilderment . wayne wait , do you just fly to New York and meet my parent ? emily Wayne , this girl 's in trouble . I can feel it . beneath Wayne 's humor , a sober , hard - learn practicality . wayne wanna know what I can feel ? the lawsuit we be gonna get hit with if we violate she parent ' rights without any evidence they have do something wrong . emily every time I talk to you you sound more like a lawyer , you know that ? wayne yeah , well , maybe because every time I make a emotional decision I get call by one . I be sorry , you be gonna have to let this one go . emily you put this file in front of I and you ask I to tell you what 's go on . well , I be tell you , there 's something go on and it 's not something good . I have do my job , I have tell you , what you do with it be yours . she walk off . Wayne alone after hour with he conscience . 12 . int . corridor , child SERVICES - day the elevator door open with a ding and Edward and Margaret sheridan step out in they Sunday best . benevolent face . Lucy between they , ribbon in she hair , brand new dress , appear coach as she eat a ice cream cone . Emily , disgust by the charade , trade look with the parent as they go past . int . private conference room - day gazing fondly at Lucy , Edward direct he comment at Wayne , who sit opposite the family with Emily . edward they really be God 's miracle . Day she be bear be the happiest day of we life . we be not perfect parent , we know that , but we figure if you let `em know how much you love `em a lot of the other stuff take care of itself . Wayne nod he agreement . Edward put he arm around Lucy for effect . her eye go to Emily . a silent plea for help . emily ( hostile ) tell I , Mr sheridan , since you have suddenly acquire the power of speech , do not it concern you a little that Lucy 's grade have go from a 's to D 's in three month ? edward course it do , she 's we daughter . with a glance Wayne caution Emily about she tone of voice . emily so you have no idea why she 's fall asleep at school every day ? why she 's not able to sleep at home ? Edward look at Margaret , then Emily , affect bewilderment . edward bad dream ? int . break room - day Emily and Wayne in private conversation . she 's piss off . the sheridan family in the other room , prepare to leave . 13 . emily he 's gonna be have bad dream when he get hit with child endangerment . ( off Wayne 's reluctance ) do not tell I you be buy this daddy 's little girl routine ? wayne so they be overcompensate a little . emily a little ? let I talk to she . alone . she want to talk . wayne em -- emily five minute . talk to they about how much they love kid . she go out the door . int . corridor - day Emily walk with Lucy , look for a way in . emily I know someone at school name Lucy , she be a writer . do you ever write ? I do sometimes , it help I sort out how I be feel . Lucy do not take the bait . she stop for a drink at a water fountain . Emily bend for a sip after . misfire . as she wipe she face , embarrassed : emily okay , I just shot like a gallon of water up my nose . so much for establish trust . Lucy smile , for the first time . it 's the open Emily be look for . maintain that precious eye contact , deepening it : emily what 's happen to you ? I can help . let I help . Lucy look away , eye brim with tear . 14 . emily what be it , sweetheart ? lucy they hate I . she lower she head in shame , tear roll down . emily I be sure they do not hate you . lucy they do . I hear they . they go in the cellar and talk . emily what do they talk about ? lucy send I to hell . Emily 's mouth fall open . emily you have hear they say that ? Lucy nod . as Emily register this in quiet horror ... int . conference room - day a tape recorder be run . Emily and Wayne alone with Lucy . she 's hesitant to speak , naturally distrustful . emily it 's okay . you can tell he . he 's on we side . wayne do you hear you parent say they be go to hurt you ? nobody see what Lucy see at this moment . Edward glaring in at she through the window . Lucy look at Wayne , shake she head . Wayne look at Emily , case close . int . corridor - day Emily watch in agony as the sheridan family step into the elevator . parent on each side , Lucy give she one last plead look then the elevator door close and she 's go . 15 . int . wayne's office - day Emily and Wayne in the heat of a argument . emily she do not trust anybody . you think I make it up ? wayne I think you would do just about anything you have to do to help a child you think be at risk . here be the fact , Emily . they have not laid a finger on she that we can tell . and we have no proof they intend to . meanwhile on you desk right now be thirty - plus case of actionable abuse . what about that ? emily I be not give up on she , Wayne . wayne yes , you be , you be leave this alone . a look that say he mean it . emily I hope you can live with a dead child on you conscience . wayne ( hurt ) that 's a little unfair , do not you think ? I care about this kid as much as you do , but we can not go around yanking they out of they home on a hunch . Parents , even bad one , have rights , that 's how the law of this great land be write . Emily give a resign nod , back away from he , from the job , all of it . emily so that 's it ? we let kid get kill until they rewrite the goddamn law ? she exit before he can answer , do not want to hear it . int . detective barron' office , police station - night detective mike barron . veteran of the force . man of quiet faith . 16 . a well - build silver - haire family man who play fullback at brigham Young . he 's do paperwork . smile warmly as Emily enter . barron be just think about you , get a nice letter from Sandy hutchinson ... she drop Lucy 's file on he desk . whatever barron be go to say be no longer relevant . soberly , after a pause : barron well , it 's sit in front of I which mean we good friend Wayne think it fail to meet the criterion for child endangerment and have tell you in no uncertain term to leave it alone ...? emily surprise , surprise . she start to open the file . barron stop she . barron I can not , Emily . I be sorry . emily Mike , I be desperate here . tense beat . the need for privacy now apparent , barron get up and close he door . sit down at he desk again . barron you know how dear to my heart the work you do be , but the department do not pay I to stakeout potential child abuser . last time almost cost I my job . emily this girl hear she parent say they be go to send she to hell . barron sicken as that be , you be a part of the system that handle that situation , I be not . emily the system be break . barron maybe you just need to let it work . 17 . emily what ? Jesus , I feel like I be talk to Wayne . you do not want to get involved , fine , but do not bullshit I , I be run out of people I respect . barron okay . no bullshit . give I evidence of a crime , I will be all over it . till then there 's nothing I can do . CUT to : the blade of a circular see scream through a pinewood board , spitting sawdust ... a ten-pound hammer crush the head of a nail , sink it , crush another , crush another , the speed of the handiwork convey its urgency ... int . sheridan house - night Lucy peer into the basement through a air vent in the floor , vertical band of light on she face . Edward hammer down below . he step aside and we see what he 's make ... a homemade coffin sense Lucy 's stare , he glance up over he shoulder . and Lucy duck out of sight , breath hold . ext . elementary school - day Children wait for the bus after school . talk , laugh . Lucy stand apart , tired and solemn . the bus pull up to the curb . as she go to get on : emily ( o.s. ) Lucy . she turn . Emily behind she . emily I just want you to know I have not forget about you . I be do everything I can . Lucy hug she , cling for a moment . lucy if I disappear will you come look for I ? 18 . emily you be not go to disappear . lucy if I do ? Emily hold she gaze , see the fear . back away , Lucy indicate the bus . lucy I have to go . they get mad when I miss the bus . Lucy turn to go . Emily watch . helpless . emily Lucy , wait ... take she cell phone from she bag . put she number on speed dial . emily if anything happen , call I , okay ? just press this . do not let you parent know you have it . tuck the cell phone in Lucy 's coat pocket . emily I be gonna get you out of there , I promise . Lucy board the bus . wave to Emily from a back window as it drive away . Emily wave back , heart in she throat . might be the last time she see she alive . int . emily's house - night a sleepless night find Emily slouched on she sofa , leave a message : answering machine hey , this be Doug , here it come - beep . emily it 's I , think you might be up , um , anyway , call if you get this . hang up . click on the tv remote . Channel -surf . World news . cook show . Home shopping network . 19 . hip -hop music video . watch it for a moment . gangster with a mic . scantily - clad girl shaking they ass . the phone ring . Emily mute the tv , pick up . emily too late , I meet someone else ... a child 's whisper . lucy ( v.o . ) Emily ...? emily ( concerned but calm ) Lucy ? be you okay ? lucy ( v.o . ) I be scared ... emily why ? why be you scared , honey ? lucy ( v.o . ) they be wait to get I , I can hear they ... I be sorry ... emily why be you sorry ? lucy ( v.o . ) I be fall asleep ... emily okay , listen , I want you to go over and open the window . can you do that ? Lucy ...? lucy ( v.o . ) ( softly ; drift off ) I be sooorry ... emily Lucy , no , wake up ! int . lucy bedroom - night the cell phone lie on the bed at Lucy 's fingertip . emily ( from phone ) Lucy ...?! 20 . the illuminate screen cast a eerie glow on she sleeping face . int . emily's apartment - night Emily drop the phone . moment of panic . then a decision . throw a coat on over she bed clothes . grab the phone again , dial a number in desperation . emily Mike , it 's Emily , listen , that girl I tell you about , I think she 's in trouble - - yeah , I know what you say , but -- Mike , you be not listen -- ( lose it ) help I ! ext . emily's car - night Emily fumble with she key . get the right one in the door . open it . jump in . start the engine . peel off down the road . int . lucy bedroom - night the cell phone turn itself off , plunging the room into total darkness . in black , we hear footstep come up the stair . down the hall . stop at the door . the knob turn . the click of the latch . the door open . a shaft of light . Edward and Margaret peer in with frenzied anticipation : Lucy be asleep . the time have come . int . emily's car - night Emily red-line the tachometer , do ninety down the freeway . int . stairway - night slowly , quietly , Edward descend the stair with Lucy asleep in he arm . Margaret in front of he , move in tandem , hold a roll of duct tape . they reach the bottom . Margaret rush ahead into the kitchen . int . kitchen - night Edward carry Lucy toward the old gas oven where Margaret wait , hold open the door . 21 . delicately , cradling she head , Edward put Lucy into the oven without waking she . but as he lift the door , one of the metal hinge creak . Lucy jolt awake with a scream . kick open the door before Edward can shut it . with animal terror she thrashes she way out onto the linoleum floor . Margaret throw a piece of duct tape over she mouth , silencing she scream as Edward wrestle she back into the oven . but she kick open the door again and the frantic struggle continue as ... ext . sheridan house - night Emily 's car lurch to a stop out front . as she jump out , barron 's pickup arrive . he join she , a reluctant accomplice . barron what be we do here ? emily save she life ! she go up the walkway . barron lag a few step behind , eyeing the darken house . barron they be asleep . emily they be not asleep . Emily hear something inside the house . emily do you hear that ? barron I do not hear anything . Emily , trust she gut , start pound on the door . emily leave she alone ! int . kitchen - night hear Emily , Edward and Margaret intensify they effort , jam Lucy 's leg inside the oven . the duct tape peel off she mouth in the struggle and before the oven door slam shut she belt out one last desperate scream . 22 . ext . sheridan house - night clearly audible outside , it make barron jump . emily do you hear that ?! barron pound he big fist on the door . barron Police , open up ! emily break it down ! barron ram he shoulder against the door , but it hold solid . int . kitchen - night we see Lucy 's scream face through the oven window as Margaret crank the temperature dial as high as it will go . int . gas oven - night from inside we see Edward and Margaret peer in as Lucy claw at the glass with she fingernails . cough as the gas fill the oven with a low hiss . we hear it ignite beneath she with a faint poof . the first shimmer wave of heat rise up , singeing she hair . ext . sheridan house - night Emily , hysterical , know they be too late : emily break it down ! int . downstair hallway - night the front door come crash down , kick off its hinge by barron . Emily and he race in . emily lucy ?! they take off toward the kitchen at the end of the hall . int . kitchen - night Emily and barron rush in . Emily see Lucy trap inside the oven . the sleeve of she pajamas catch fire . 23 . emily oh my God ... Edward try to fend barron off . it 's a mistake . barron unleash a devastating blow that send he recoil into the fridge so hard the back of he head leave a visible dent in the door . Emily shove Margaret aside and throw open the oven . pull Lucy out onto the kitchen floor , swatting out she burn pajamas with a dish towel . Margaret grab a steak knife and rush at Emily , but barron have she cover . backhand Margaret so hard it spin she around fully before drop she to the floor . barron the hell 's the matter with you people ?! pajamas scorched , wild with terror , Lucy cry in great heaving sob in Emily 's arm . reduced to tear herself , Emily keep say the same thing over and over . emily I gotcha ... I gotcha ... I gotcha ... shield she from the sight of she parent : Margaret sprawle on the linoleum weep . Edward slouched against the fridge , blood pour down he shirt , he break jaw hang open like a man think wow . int . county courtroom - day Edward and Margaret hold hand at the defendant 's table , remorseless and defiant in they Sunday best . among the many spectator we find Emily and Mike barron . the state prosecutor and public defender address the judge . state prosecutor prosecution ask that you disallow a insanity defense . this be a act commit with premeditation , malice aforethought - public defender you honor , the egregiousness of the crime make the competency question all the more relevant . judge yes . I hereby order the defendant undergo psychiatric evaluation to determine they mental fitness for trial . 24 . Emily roll she eye at barron , some justice system . ext . courthouse parking lot - day barron walk Emily to she car . she 's outrage . emily steal a pizza , San quentin , try kill you kid , freudian dream analysis . barron well , you be gonna hate I for say this , but my money 's on crazy . emily do they or do they not know what they be do ? that 's the legal standard . they know , they know damn well ! barron it 's not that simple sometimes . emily ( stop on a dime ) meaning what exactly ? barron hesitates . he 's crossing the line by tell she this . barron when we bring they in that night they tell Captain lister ... they think she 's evil , some kind of demon spirit , minion of the devil or something . emily ( laugh ) oh , that 's great - what be this , late - night cable ? barron no , but that might be the world they be live in . int . children' hospital - day Lucy in a hospital bed , dressing on she hand . Emily 's friend Doug sit bedside . child psychologist . doug -- and what 's the most important thing we talk about that you have to remember ? 25 . lucy it 's not my fault what happen . doug that 's right and you know what ? it 's not . Lucy nod , not entirely convinced . Doug give she a pat , cross to the exit . at the door he run into Emily . shake he head , awed at what she do . doug that be some seriously proactive social work happenin ' there . you all right ? emily yeah , I be okay . how 's she do ? doug typical reaction , blame herself . we will get there . I be gonna put she in a group set , see if I can get she to open up . emily Group therapy for kid , what 's that say about the world ? he nod - no kid , head off . Emily come over and sit on Lucy 's bed . stroke she hair . emily good news . you get to leave here tomorrow . lucy Doug say I might have to go to a state home . emily only for a few day , till we find a better place . lucy why can not I live with you ? emily oh , sweetheart . that would never be allow . lucy why ? 26 . emily it 's complicated , there 's a whole process , I be not even a foster parent ... Lucy give a sad nod . Emily touch she arm . emily I be sorry . ext . state child be home - day no frill , purely functional housing . Emily come up the step with Lucy and knock . the coordinator answer . a kind but beleagure - look woman of fifty , who be surprised to see they . coordinator they be suppose to call you . we do not have any room . emily nothing ? coordinator there be a mixup with the date . sorry . Emily roll she eye . Lucy stand there hold a suitcase . int . emily's car - day through the windshield Lucy watch Emily on a pay phone outside a convenience store . her back be to we but you can see she 's argue with someone , scratch address off a type list with a ballpoint . time CUT to : Emily get in and start the car , put on a smile . emily hey , be you hungry ? let 's get some lunch . what kind of food do you like ? lucy there 's nowhere for I to go be there ? heartbreak . Emily can not lie . she turn off the engine and lean back with a sigh . Lucy 's silence be a plea for rescue . 27 . emily I can not , Lucy , it would not work , I live in this tiny house , I ... I be sorry , I be not mom material ... lucy you do not have to be my mom . just my friend . a ten-year- old girl strand at a convenience store , suitcase in she lap . Emily stare out the windshield , wrestle with she conscience . int . conference room - day at a round table , Emily address the child welfare panel , six grave - face administrator . Wayne be here , offer support . emily I know what it feel like to be that age and be unwanted . it 's terrifying . she need to be with someone she trust ; she trust I . so much of we time be spend negotiate red tape , I think if we just look at the situation - this one situation , this one child - it 's clear what 's best for she . the head of the panel be a bloat bureaucrat in a polka dot blouse ( nancy ) . nancy this be highly irregular and I will tell you right now it make I very uncomfortable . but since , Wayne , you have speak so persuasively on miss jenning 's behalf ... int . corridor outside conference room - day Emily come out and nod yes to Lucy who wait with a guardian . as they hug : nancy ( v.o. ) ... I be go to go against my better judgement and approve this petition for temporary custody . int . emily's house - day Emily walk Lucy through the house , show she around , tidy thing self - consciously . 28 . emily I like to think of it as a glass - half - full situation . Kitchen . bathroom . Fish . and here , be you room ... int . lucy bedroom - day they stop in the doorway . a small office in which Emily have make space for a bureau and a bed . professional book and backup case file push aside on a shelf . emily be okay ? Lucy nod yes . lucy where 's you family ? emily my family ... well , I have meet my dad twice and my mom 's not a part of my life anymore . lucy why ? emily ( choose she word ) sometimes people have kid and then decide they do not want to be parent . beneath the measure tone Emily 's pain be reveal , raw and untouchable , she entire life a rebellion against it . she open Lucy 's suitcase on the bed . pause , remember something . emily I be glad you be here . Lucy come over to help unpack the clothes . time CUT to : Lucy in bed , sip a cup of tea as Emily brushes she hair . lucy what 's this ? emily chamomile , when I get stress out it help I sleep . 29 . Lucy nod that it 's good . Emily brushes she hair . a natural bond between they . emily none of this ever should have happen , if I could make it go away I would . lucy you do . Nice moment for Emily . a rare triumph . she tuck Lucy in . turn off the bedside light . emily I be right down the hall if you need I . Lucy settles . Emily pause at the door , look back at the lose child she 's take in , then close the door halfway . ext . sheridan house - day Dark , abandon . Emily 's volvo pull up . int . emily's car - day she eye the house . it haunt she , the memory of what happen . a sudden knock on the window make she jump out of she seat . the guy there gesture a friendly sorry , do not mean to scare you . White shirt and tie . a court clerk . ext . sheridan house - day Emily sign a form as he unlock the door , let she in . emily I have to grab some of she thing , might take I a minute . court clerk I trust ya , em , make sure you lock it on the way out . int . sheridan house - day Emily close the door , glance around the dark interior . through a window she see the Court clerk drive off . she 's alone . it 's quiet , eerily still . she go up the stairway . slow , notice something on the wall - 30 . a faint square where a picture once be hang , the wallpaper a half tone darker underneath . more square farther up . a few nail still stick out . int . lucy bedroom , sheridan house - day tatter lace curtain sway in a draft beside a bed with a moth - eat coverlet . Emily pack Lucy 's spare clothes into a dufflebag . Zip it and walk out . int . upstair hallway - day exiting Lucy 's room , she note the door to Edward and Margaret 's bedroom , at the far end of the hall , be slightly ajar . succumb to a natural curiosity . int . edward and margaret' bedroom - day the door push open , Emily peer in . a sad little master bedroom with old floral print wallpaper and water stain on the ceiling . she explore the room , inspect various personal item - aftershave , glass , hair brush - look for clue to they madness . a alarm clock with a crack crystal face . she pick it up and it goe off in she hand . give she a scare . she put it down . see something out the bedroom window . step closer . part the curtain . in the backyard , by the garden shed , a long rectangular hole have be dig . a shallow grave fill with leave . Edward 's handiwork . Emily 's see enough , head for the door . but slow , notice something odd as she come back around the bed - a long deep scratch in the wooden floor , hide under a long runner rug . Emily peel back the rug and find - hundred of long deep scratch in the floorboard lead toward the door . something - the old oak bureau perhaps ? - have be drag repeatedly across the room . Emily come over and look behind the door and see , on the back of it , something even more bizarre - two massive deadbolt 31 . screw hastily , crookedly , into the wood . she close the door . slide - to the big heavy bolt - clunk . clunk . pause . look again at the bureau . slide it in front of the door , a wheelless caster bracket leave another long scratch in the hardwood . and it 's clear at this point what the deadbolt and bureau add up to - a barricade Emily stare at it . look over at Edward and Margaret 's bed , imagine they here behind this door . slide the bureau aside . open the deadbolt . and as the door swing open she be look straight down the hall at lucy bedroom Emily stare , bewilder . int . group therapy room - day abused child age eight to thirteen sit in a circle of fold chair . Lucy among they . Diego . Doug facilitate . doug sometimes when we parent be not get along it 's better if they do not see each other for a while , that 's what a irestrain order ' do ... int . corridor outside group therapy - day Emily look in , wait with other parent . Lucy see she in the window and sneak she a little wave . Emily smile and hold up a hand that say , hi , hon . it 's clear from this gesture how close they have get . time CUT to : Emily and Doug walk together after session . Lucy talk to other kid she age by the elevator . doug she 's start to come out of she shell . it 's good , I just wish I think it be I make the difference . Emily accept the compliment . 32 . emily I go by the house . I think she mom and dad be barricade themselves in they room at night . how sick be that ? doug hatred and fear be part of the same pathology - oh , but I forget , you do not think they be crazy . emily I be come around . as they part way ... int . emily's car - day Emily pull up in front of Lucy 's school . Big moment for Lucy . New clothes . New haircut . New life . emily okay ? Lucy nod , apprehensive , but she 's ready to face it . Emily hug she . emily this be you new beginning . Lucy get out . pause on the sidewalk . lucy I love you , Emily . Emily , touch , smile . emily I love you , too . Lucy go up the walk . Emily watch she safely into the building . int . child SERVICES department - day Emily draw grim look as she cross the common area . a pall hang over the entire department . the first person she walk past say : coworker Wayne 's look for you . the second person : 33. coworker # 2 Wayne want to -- emily get it . she come past Wayne 's office . empty . a coworker point over toward Emily 's cubicle - he 's there . she go over . Wayne 's inside , grave - face , look for a file . he find it on the shelf . a photo of eight - year - old diego clipped inside the cover . the boy we meet earlier . emily what 's up with Diego ? Wayne hesitates , want to spare she the bad news . wayne why do not we talk in my office . emily tell I what 's go on . wayne we do not know why yet , but ... he kill he mother and father last night . Emily stand there , jaw on the floor . ext . martinez house - day a police perimeter around a small house in a tough low - income neighborhood . cop and crime scene investigator on the scene . local news media broadcasting live . a couple of news chopper hover overhead . Emily pull up , jump out of she car . Mike barron wave off the uniform officer who move to intercept she as she come up the walkway to the house . emily what happen ? barron sure you want to see this ? with a uncertain nod she follow he inside . int . martinez house - day Emily and Mike barron come along the uncarpete hallway . 34 . barron get a tire iron from the garage , come back inside , lock all the door and window , kill they in they sleep ... the master bedroom . a bloodbath . barron have to use dental record to identify the body . Emily look around , aghast . emily a eight - year - old do this ? there 's no way . barron I be there when they bring he in . take three guy my size to subdue he . kid be climb the wall . barron turn to the window and - wham ! - a attack dog hit the glass right in front of he face . barron recoil with a yelp . then , embarrassed , eye the trio of battle - scarree pit bull prowling the chainlink - fence backyard . barron just you average american family . ext . martinez house - day Emily and barron come down the step . emily where be he now ? barron juvie lockup . and , no , I be not take you to see he . emily you want to know what happen ? barron I know what happen . emily I do not . I need to talk to he . Mike , please , I care about this kid . 35 . int . juvenile detention CENTER - day Diego martinez sit alone in a hold cell . confused . scare . he see Emily approach and immediately break down . emily Diego ... Emily tell the cop at the cell door : emily let I in . he will not hurt I . the cop look at Mike barron who nod it 's okay . the cop open the cell . Emily enter . Diego look up at she , shudder with emotion : diego be they dead ? Emily , gut , nod yes . Diego bury he face in Emily 's stomach and sob . emily what happen ? tell I what happen . diego ( sobbing ) I kill my mum and dad ... Emily , devastate , trade look with barron through the bar . ext . venice pier - day Doug tenderly console Emily . have he arm around she . they be lean against the railing , wind on they face . doug every family you sit down with every day of every week be a family in crisis . that be you odd . that 's the job you do . try to beat they . wipe away she tear . the hair from she face . doug you be one person , em . you can not save the world . ( then ) I know somebody you do save . 36 . Lucy on the beach below , walk barefoot at water 's edge , hem of she dress in she hand . Emily watch she and , find solace in it , lean into Doug 's embrace and close she eye . ext . beach - day the plaintive cry of seagull overhead as Emily and Lucy walk along the surf at sundown , Emily barefoot now as well . lucy you okay ? Emily nod , put on a brave face to spare Lucy . emily it 's just work . do not worry . Lucy nod okay . they walk on in silence for a moment . lucy why do you do it if it make you sad ? emily my job ? I do not know , I guess ... I guess maybe I want to believe family can work , so I can have my own someday , I do not know - do that make sense ? Lucy nod , take she hand . they walk off up the beach together . int . emily's house - day Emily , day later , dress for work , halve a omelet with a spatula and slide the halve onto two plate . emily ( call to other room ) Breakfast . there 's no answer . Emily go to get she . int . lucy room - day stop in the doorway . emily honey , breakfa -- see Lucy hide something under she pillow . Emily come over , brow arched , playful . 37 . emily come on , let I see ... Lucy guiltily eye the floor . Emily lift the pillow . underneath it be a photograph . emily , as a young girl , with her mother . she look at Lucy , then at the filing cabinet from which it be take . more surprised than upset . emily you go through my thing ? lucy I be sorry ... I want to know what happen to you . disarm sincerity . Emily 's gaze fall to the photo . quiet moment . she sit down on the bed with it . lucy be that you mom ? Emily nod , lose in the image . it 's a photo that capture she entire childhood . Emily and she mother sit on the step of a house , together but apart , like a lose child that sit down next to a pretty stranger who have not yet notice she . Emily 's ten-year- old face show the quiet sadness of the disconnect . remind you of a child from she caseload . emily she use to just leave , she would just ... ( gesture ` adios ' ) ... and I never know when she be come back , or if she be ... I use to think it be my fault and I would try so hard when she get home to be good , do everything I could think of , so she would think I be `special ' and stay next time or take I with she , but ... it do not matter , she would always go away again , that 's how it be . Emily fight she emotion and , practice at the task , win . Lucy sit beside she on the bed . understand she deeply . link by they past . lucy where be you dad ? emily go , he leave before I be bear . first time I meet he I be like thirteen . 38 . lucy what would you say to he ? emily oh , I have all this thing I be gonna say . angry thing I would think of and kind of memorize . and um .... and then I meet he and I be not angry , I be just sad and I tell he ... ( pause , raw emotion ) I say , I love you , even if you do not love I . Emily smile a pain smile and then bury the memory . Lucy , a portrait of contrition : lucy be you mad at I ? emily no ... no , I be not mad at you . ( put she arm around she ) but I need you not to do that again , okay ? go through my private thing without ask ? Lucy nod okay . Emily move on , with a loving touch : emily omelet 's get cold . better hurry . Lucy exit . Emily eye the photo a moment longer then stand and put it away in the filing cabinet . she pause , feel expose , and turn the little key to lock the drawer . int . emily's cubicle - day Emily stop at she cubicle , register a surprise . Wayne hand she case file to three coworker . awkward moment for everyone . wayne ( sympathetic ) I need another set of eye to go over they , make sure we have not miss anything else . emily you mean , to make sure I have not miss anything else ? 39 . wayne it 's just a legal thing . you will have they back tomorrow . they exit . she go in and stare at the bare shelf above she desk . her caseload go . more than a insult . everything she care about . a pink phone message on she keyboard . she pick it up : Mike barron call . important . int . coffee house - day newspaper headline : " insanity defense for glendale couple " . mugshot of Edward and Margaret below . the morning edition fold on a table between barron and Emily . they be drink coffee . barron you watch , six month , they lawyer will hire some expert to say they be rehabbed and they will sue for custody when they get out . emily she 's not go back there , I will take she out of state before I let they near she again . barron I do not hear you say that . Emily know she 's misspoken , but let it stand . emily you want to talk about something ? barron nod , sip he coffee , a bit uncomfortable . barron we pull the martineze ' phone record . they get a call that night before the murder . emily from who ? barron ( sober pause ) Emily , the call come from you house . emily what ...? 40 . barron look , I be not accuse you of anything , I just need to know what be say . emily that 's impossible . I might have call the week before ...? barron I be talk to you as a friend here , you know that , right ? emily do you not hear I ? I be tell you , Mike , as a friend , I do not call that family . barron then who do ? go find the guy who break in and just happen to dial the number of a kid whose case you handle . Emily start to say something , but stop as a confound realization come to she . and then to barron . int . emily's house - day Lucy sit on the sofa study a photo of Diego . Emily sit beside she , she advocate . barron opposite . lucy he 's in my group ... ( put down photo ) ... why , do something happen ? Emily nod yes . barron , gently , mindful of Lucy 's age : barron we be try to figure out why . he get a call Thursday night from this number . I be just wonder if he might have say anything ... lucy it be not I . barron you do not call he ? Lucy shake she head . barron nod okay , then , speak to she as a father might he own daughter : 41 . barron Lucy , it 's hard sometimes to tell the truth , but I know you will because you be a good little girl . lucy I be tell the truth . emily my backup file be in you room . Diego 's be in there . maybe you get curious and go through some , dial a number ? lucy it be not I , I swear . complete innocence . Emily nod okay , want to believe , but remember the steal photograph . barron the call be at 2 be , be you ever up that late ? lucy I do not call he . barron be you ever up that late ? emily Mike , she say no . maybe someone make a mistake . barron read Emily 's posture and disengage , stand to go . barron yeah , maybe so . night , Lucy . int . front door , emily's house - night exiting , barron tell Emily as gently as possible : barron she 's lie . and go down the step . Emily close the door . turn around and there 's Lucy . uncomfortably close . lucy do you believe I ? 42 . emily I believe you . Lucy hug she and Emily hug she back , but she 's still think about what barron say . int . emily's cubicle - day a photo of Emily and Diego tack to the corkboard panel beside she desk . Emily sit contemplate it . her gaze go from the photo to the bare shelf above she desk . her caseload be still miss . this be bullshit . int . wayne's office - day Emily walk in , power pose . emily give I back my case or fire I . right now . Wayne , catch unprepare , eat a doughnut . int . emily's office - day caseload restore , Emily be multi-task , open mail , sorting backlogge paperwork , talk on the phone : emily I do not care if it 's a hairline fracture , he break she arm , I do not want he back in that house . he what ? he find Christ ? when ? that recently ? uh huh . well he should have find him sooner . hang up . Doug lean in the doorway , drop a manila envelope in she in - box . and a computer printout . emily what 's up ? doug copy of the sheridan ' psych eval for the file . and the cognitive profile Lucy do for I the other day . emily ( be : Lucy 's profile ) how 's it look ? doug winter normal . 43. but he tone suggest otherwise . emily do I have to beg or be you gonna tell I what 's go on ? doug you have to beg . ( same breath ) come from a environment like that , testing this normal be a bit abnormal , if that make any sense . emily she 's `abnormally normal ' ? doug I think she fake it , give the answer she think she should . emily why would she do that ? doug ( shrug ) she 's ashamed of who she be . ashame of how she feel . afraid nobody would want she if they see the real she . ( off Emily 's reaction ) it 's no big deal , it just mean I might have to push she a little . emily no , I know , I just ... the martineze ' get a call Thursday night . from my house . doug do you ask she about it ? emily she say she do not . Mike think she 's lie . doug what do you think ? emily I do not know what to think . doug hmm . bring she in after work , I will do a one - on-one . I want to talk to she about this anyway . 44 . he depart . Emily , alone in she cubicle , scan the test result with grow concern . int . juvenile detention cell - day Diego eat macaroni and cheese from a jailhouse tray . Emily set a fold blanket on the bed as she sit down to talk to he . emily get you a extra in case it get cold . Diego nod without look up . emily I need to ask you something ... about the night it happen ... do you get a call , really late ? Diego stop eat . stare at he food . shake he head no - warily , like someone might be listen . emily you do not ? he shake he head no . still stare at he food . emily Diego , I know you do , they call from my house . Diego put down he fork , he fear obvious now , he breathe quick and shallow . emily what 's the matter ? what 's scare you ? he look at Emily , terrify , start hyperventilating . emily oh God ... Emily try to calm the panicked boy as he gasp for air , a horrible wheeze sound in he throat . emily it 's okay ... slow breath ... you will be okay ... ( yell down hall ) can somebody help we down here ?! 45 . int . infirmary , juvenile detention CENTER - day a little two - bed infirmary with unpaint cinder block wall . Diego in bed on a iv drip . Emily talk to a nurse by the check - in desk . nurse he ask to see you before you leave . Emily come over to Diego 's bed . he hold she gaze in silence , a secret he 's afraid to tell . Emily speak at a whisper , as if to make the truth less frightening : emily who call you ? be it Lucy ? Diego 's pulse accelerate on the ekg monitor . he give a tremble nod . emily do she say something to you ? something that scared you ? Diego reply in Spanish , barely discernible , he throat raw : diego El dijo ... emily ` El ' dijo ? what do you mean , ` he say ' ? Diego look at she , confuse , terrify . his racing pulse a jag green line above the bed . diego era un hombre . a chill go through Emily . emily it be a man ? Diego give another tremble nod . Emily beside he , baffle and a bit scared . int . child SERVICES - night after hour , the office be empty , half light and eerily still . Emily be photocopy at a work station , haunt by what Diego say , the harsh upward light accentuate she tense feature . 46 . the cyclical squeaking noise we hear be Lucy , in Emily 's cubicle in the b.g. , turn herself in circle on the office chair . something very creepy about the disappearance and reappearance of that pale watchful face . finish , Emily walk back to she cubicle , throw by the sight of Lucy spin in the chair , walk head - on into that eerie intermittent gaze . lucy do ... ( turn ) you ... ( turn ) like ... ( turn ) work ... ( turn ) here ? Emily , unnerve , enter the cubicle . emily well , photocopy be not much fun . Lucy stop turn , stare at she , sense something . emily what ...? Lucy just stare . Doug appear in the doorway . doug knock , knock . sorry I be late , guy . ( to lucy ) ready , kiddo ? Lucy nod and get up from the chair . doug go ahead down , I will be right there . Lucy head down the hall to the conference room . doug ( to emily ) you all right ? emily this be weird . Diego say it be Lucy that call , but he call she a he , he say it be a man . 47 . his face - what ? Emily nod yes . Doug 's brow arch then furrow . he turn and head down the hall . int . conference room - night Doug sit opposite Lucy at the table , keep it easygoing despite what he 's just be tell . doug so how 's school ? lucy Fine . doug any of you classmate give you a hard time ? lucy no , they have be nice . doug sleep okay ? lucy that 's not really what you want to talk about , be it , Doug ? awkward pause . awkward smile . doug you get I . open he file . take out she cognitive assessment profile . lay it flat on the table . doug question 16a , be you afraid of the dark ? you answer `no ' . question 16 b , be you afraid of be alone ? ` no '. 16 c , be afraid of you parent ? ` no '. you answer `no ' to everything in that section . I think some of that should have be yess . everybody be afraid of something . work through we fear , conquer they , be how we get better . so I want you to tell I ... what scare you ? Lucy steeples she finger and rest she chin on top , regards Doug with a look of frank appraisal . it be the face of a child , but behind that eye there be a keen intelligence . 48 . lucy I will tell you what scare I if you tell I what scare you . Doug do not see this come . doug Fair enough . when I be twelve I be climb a tree and I accidentally put my hand through a giant hornet ' nest . they do not like it . I get stung over a hundred time . they have to rush I to the hospital . I have be afraid of hornet ever since . do not climb many tree either . ( smile ) everybody have fear . now , what scare you ? lucy me. pause . doug you scare yourself ? lucy sometimes . doug why , what about yourself scare you ? lucy I have bad thought . doug about what ? lucy people . doug people in general or certain people ? lucy certain people . doug like who ? lucy you . 49 . silence . doug you have bad thought about I ? ( she nods ) why ? lucy ( shrug ) I just do . doug be there something I say or do that upset you ? lucy ( shake she head ) it 's just the way you be ... doug how be I ? lucy facile . doug facile ? ( she nod yes ) do you even know what that mean ? lucy easily comprehend . often lack sincerity or depth . you be smug , too . want I to tell you what that mean ? Dead silence . Doug skewer by a ten-year-old . a boyish shyness emerge , a relic from he own youth . doug well , if , um , if I seem `smug ' or `facile ' I want to - lucy ( girlish laugh ) do not apologize . doug why ? lucy you be a grow up , it 's embarrassing . ( then ; deadpan ) ( more ) 50 . lucy ( cont 'd ) should we talk about school now ? my grade be get a lot better . Doug just stare at she . int . hallway , child SERVICES department - night wait until Lucy be out of earshot down the hall , Doug confer with Emily by the water cooler . he 's sweat , shake by the encounter . doug talk to a lot of ten-year- old , I do not think I have ever feel like that before ... emily like what ? doug threatened . ( then ; baffle ) I know a specialist , I will call he in the morning . emily what do I do with she in the meantime ? Doug pause , no idea , smile a eerie smile . doug do not let she get in you head . exit . his paranoia feed Emily 's . in the hush she hear that faint cyclical squeaking . look across the darken office to she cubicle where Lucy be turn circle in she chair again . that face . that face . that face . int . emily's house - night tense dinner . Emily barely touch hers . Lucy , absently , but with a almost surgical precision , be cutting peas in half on her plate and eating they one by one off the tip of the knife . weird . she stop , self - conscious , look at Emily across the table . lucy be you mad at I ? emily no. just tired . 51 . lucy want I to brush you hair ? emily that 's okay . lucy be you sure ? emily some other time . lucy ( stand up ) it will make you feel better . I will get the brush . emily I say no , thank you . Lucy stare at Emily for a moment then sit again . and it 's strange , she posture seem subtly different , stiffer , bonier , as if all she muscle have draw taut under she clothes . in a voice at once innocent and menace : lucy Doug say something , do not he ? emily no. Doug ? he say you be do great . tense silence . lucy what do he tell you ? emily nothing . Lucy stare at she , see through the facade . then , oddly bright , take a bite of food : lucy you be funny . int . lucy bedroom - night emily silhouetted in the doorway , keep she distance as she say goodnight : emily get some rest . 52 . she start to close the door . lucy you forget to kiss I goodnight . a tense pause then Emily walk over and kiss she on the forehead . emily goodnight . Lucy clutches she wrist as she turn to go . lucy I love you . Emily , trap , force a tender smile . emily I love you , too . Lucy 's eye gleam in the darkness . she turn onto she side for sleep , but that eye do not shut even after Emily have walk out and close the door behind she . int . doug be condo - night football highlight on a liquid plasma tv . Doug flipping through a dsm iv diagnostic manual . the phone ring . he pick up , distract , scan the dsm index . doug hello ? a strange intermittent static buzz on the line . doug hello ...? bzzzzt . bzzzzt . bzzzzt . a telecommunication glitch . doug try again , sorry . he hang up . find the chapter he 's look for . anti - social personality type . but he hear it again now - bzzzzzzzzt bzzzzzzzzzt - louder , deeper - and realize , in quiet terror , that it 's come from inside he ear . 53. int . doug be bathroom - night Doug open the medicine cabinet and grab a q-tip . wiggles it around in he ear and when he take it out there 's a hornet sit on the cottony tip , scissor its wing . Doug stare in disbelief . mouth gape . he throw the q-tip in the toilet . Hit the flush lever . watch the hornet spiral away . go . stare at the empty bowl . do I just imagine that ? shaken , he turn to the sink . wedge he head under the tap and run water into he ear . straighten and look at himself in the mirror , toweling he face , try to impose rational think on the situation . but as the water spill from he ear , down he neck , onto he shirt , it bring with it - two more live hornet , half drown . with a yelp Doug swipe they from he shirt . crushes they underfoot . terrify , but cling to rational think a moment longer , he turn he head sideways to the mirror , part he hair , and see - another hornet crawl from the ear canal , follow by six or seven more ! doug fuck ! rationality go out the window . he flail at they with the towel . swat they dead . pick they up and drop they in the toilet . Studies the last one for a moment . its little leg twitching . drop it in . flushes . a false respite . and a brief one . because as the flushing noise fade he can hear a ominous deep buz SOUND rising . it 's come from behind he . he turn to have a look . nothing there . bare wall . but it 's strange : the buz be still behind he . with dawn horror Doug turn and check he back in the mirror , see 54 . he entire shirt back be crawling with hornet ! whimper like a child , he undoe the button of he shirt , take it off as delicately as possible . slip he arm gently from the sleeve . holding it by the collar , he take two quick step and toss it in the shower . slam the glass door , seal the crack with towel . and watch the hornet fly around in the glass enclosure , buz furiously , bounce off the glass . but as he backpedal he realize the furious buz be too close , too loud and too deep , to be come from the shower over there . a sharp pain in he head confirm it . he groans and bring a hand to he ear as something awful happen inside . the buz in he right ear spread to he leave - louder , angrier , its source multiply . disorient , he stumble backwards with a agonizing scream . catch sight of himself in the mirror , the terror of the moment on he face . this can not be happen . and now the nightmare take a devilish turn . look at himself in the mirror , he see - hornet start crawling from he nose . from between he lip . from under he eyelids . the buz now unbearably loud . a entire swarm raging inside he skull , fighting its way out ! Doug grab he head in both hand and start shaking it , try to shake away the madness inside . but the hornet keep come , coughed up in clump as he gasp for air . they be all over he , sting he tongue , he eye . he go berserk and start smashing he head against the wall , the door , the edge of the sink , anything he can find , open a deep gash in he forehead , smash it harder and harder because the buz won't stop , crack he skull , scream hysterically , pitching he head violently forward and backwards like some demon-possessed heavy metal fanatic . it 's a grotesque display that end on a sicken note when , with one particularly violent head jerk , he snap he own neck - crack !!! he sink to the floor , head askew , astonished look on he face . and there he sit , paralyze , eye lock on the tv in the live room where football highlight play in silence . fully conscious as the hornet fight they way back into he ear , nose , and mouth - a pilgrimage back to the mind that bore they . 55 . int . corridor outside counseling room - day Emily exit a counseling room . say goodbye to a young family - emily see you next week . - and come down the hall toward the common area . a coworker stand from a adjacent cubicle . DENISE . DENISE see Doug ? he have a appointment with one of my kid this morning , never show up . emily do you try call he ? DENISE all I get be voicemail . Emily dial Doug on a fax / phone by the xerox machine . on the first ring : answering machine hey , this be Doug , here it come - beep . she hang up . a dark think send she toward the exit , call back to denise - emily cover my desk . ext . doug be condo - day Emily knock on the door of he marina Del rey townhouse . emily Doug , it 's I , it 's Emily ... no answer . she come down the step to he car , walk past it and then stop , notice the window be open a crack . slip she hand inside , stretch , she extend one finger just far enough to push the button on the garage door remote clipped to the sunvisor . up the drive , the door start to open . 56 . int . doug be condo - day a door in the first - floor hallway open . Emily step in . emily Doug ? no answer . she come up the stair into the live room . the tv be still on . mute . call up the next flight of stair . emily Doug , you here ? no reply . she go up the stair and down the hall and check the bedroom . empty . the bed unmade . it 's when she turn from the room to go back downstairs that she see he : slouched dead against the bathroom wall , gut bloated by decomposition , face cover in blackened day - old blood . emily nooooo !!!!! int . county coroner - day with stoic grief Emily walk down the cold , fluorescently - light corridor , intercept a coroner as he exit the exam room . emily Dr johannsen ? he look at she ; pale , bespectacle , a bit standoffish . emily you do the autopsy on Doug winter ? coroner ( try to remember ) winter -- oh , right , Douglas . emily how do he die ? coroner family ? emily friend . ( preempt he reply ) I know the rule -- please , he mean a lot to I . 57 . her face the proof . he indicate he adjoin office . they go in . int . coroner' office - day he take the autopsy report from a filing cabinet . review he finding . coroner Compression fracture of the third and forth vertebrae . severe he spinal cord . actual cause of death be ... suffocation . emily you be say he do that to himself ? coroner it appear all he injury be self - inflicted , yes . emily oh come on . he look like he would be beat to death ! do not tell I he be some - some suicidal ... ( breaking down ) ... I know he ! he be my best friend ! she turn away cry . coroner miss , I would never presume to know you friend better than you . but the injury suggest he be try to hurt himself . unfortunately , he succeed . I be sorry . Emily , compose herself , give a quiet nod . she have no quarrel with this man . emily have you ever see this before , somebody die like this ? the coroner file the report , world weary . coroner truly , I be shocked every day by the violence people do to themselves . int . cemetery - day douglas J. winter etched in granite . a final prayer read by a priest as he be laid to rest . 58 . a breeze ruffle the clothes of the mourner . blow hair across Emily 's haunt face . Lucy , at she side , see she grief and reach for she hand . instinctively , Emily retract it . Lucy register the slight , the wider implication . Emily watch the coffin descend . she weep openly . int . emily's car - day Emily , red -ey , drive home , see something in she peripheral vision that send a chill through she . Lucy , gaze quietly out the passenger - side window , be swinging her legs in that content way child do . a small but tell detail . immediately her legs stop swinging , sense Emily 's stare . and with she head still turn away : lucy you think it 's my fault , do not you ? she turn to face Emily , who measure she word . emily it be a accident . it be nobody 's fault . Lucy hold she gaze . then , as if to test she , reach again for Emily 's hand . trapped in the lie , Emily have to let she . and as she drive on in that private hell , hold hand with Lucy ... int . mike barron' office - day Emily , a emotional wreck , confide in barron . emily he be scared . he come out of that room with she , Mike , and he be scared . he say she threaten he . barron listen . you be still in shock . let 's not -- emily Diego say it be a man on the phone . you know who make that call . there be no one else in the house . ( off he look ) you think I do not know how crazy this sound ?! 59 . barron look , I do not know , all I be say be a kid in he state of mind maybe be not the most reliable witness . emily why be he in that state of mind ? why be Doug ? pull my phone record . see if she call he . barron Emily . I already do . there be no call from you house . Emily 's argument collapse . she sit there for a moment , vex , she intellect tell she one thing , she gut another . she get up to go . pause at the door . emily her mother and father , they bedroom door have this deadbolt on it , big one , two of `em ... something come through that door and they do not want it ever come through there again . int . emily's cubicle - day Emily dig through she in - box , spilling thing on the floor . find the manila envelope Doug give she . rip it open . dump the content into she hand . a video tape typed on the label : sheridan , marg. &amp ; ed. , prelim . psych interview . CUT to : on a television - Margaret sheridan sit face the camera , respond to the question of a unseen interviewer . her haunt face and frank tone make the interview chill . interviewer and by force you daughter into the oven , can you tell I , what do you think the outcome would be ? margaret you mean what be we do it for ? interviewer yes . 60 . margaret to kill she . interviewer why ? margaret God 's will . int . conference room - day pull back , we see Emily alone in a dimme conference room watch the tape . interviewer and why be it God 's will that you should kill you daughter ? a eerie smile come to Margaret 's face . interviewer why be that funny , Margaret ? margaret ` Cause she 's not my daughter . interviewer you be she mother ...? margaret I bore she , but she 's not mine . interviewer help I understand . if you and Edward be Lucy 's biological parent , how can she not be yours ? margaret ` Cause she 's not of we . interviewer not of you ? Margaret nod . interviewer who be she of ? margaret not who , what . interviewer what be she of ? 61 . margaret stop act like you do not know what I be talk about . stare at he . her eye black and unblink . interviewer you think you daughter be the devil ? margaret not he himself , of he , work in he name , in he honor . interviewer evil incarnate ? margaret I do not care what you call it . interviewer and why do you think that ? margaret not what I think it 's what I know . interviewer how do you know this ? could you give I a example ? Margaret pause . seem afraid for the first time . some secret perhaps best leave untold . margaret she can make you see thing . vision . interviewer vision of what ? margaret hell. damnation . whatever you be afraid of . interviewer I see . any other `special ability ' ? margaret people die around she , be that a special ability ? interviewer she kill people ? 62 . margaret not by she hand , they just die . I have two brother , Brent and Travis ... Margaret 's voice falter . overcome by grief , she dissolves into tear . it 's a side of she we have never see . human . margaret ... and I mean they be healthy boy , healthy as can be . Eddie , three sister . soon as she be bear they start die . interviewer you blame Lucy for they death ? Margaret nod yes , wiping she eye . embarrass . unaccustom to cry in front of stranger . interviewer why do you imagine you be spare ? margaret I guess she could not get rid of we till she find somebody else . now that she have , I do not imagine we be long for this world . close up on margaret - face streak with tear , she pain deep and undeniable . CUT to : video of edward sheridan in a violent rage . push he chair back from the interview table , he stand , scream through clench tooth , he break jaw wire shut : edward the hell did I just say ?! interviewer Edward , please calm -- edward you and you goddamn question ! you don't know what you're talking about ! a pair of orderly rush in to restrain he . the camera get knock ajar in the struggle . the tape end as they take Edward scream to the floor . edward it's not child killing if she' not a child ! 63. and that 's the interview . Emily stare at the blank blue screen , transfix , lower she gaze to the table . there 's a photo tuck inside the psychiatric file . Edward and Margaret in happier time - young bible camp counselor in t-shirt and hike boot on a path through sunlit forest . sweet. innocent . Emily 's age . the year they meet perhaps . she hold it up to the newspaper mugshot for a before - and - after comparison . the transformation of they face be shocking . Emily sit freeze by the realization : Edward and Margaret sheridan . not criminal . victim . int . state psychiatric hospital - day a old brick orphanage turn psychiatric hospital . Emily 's volvo go up the wind tree-line drive . chief psychiatrist ( v.o. ) unfortunately Mrs sheridan suffer a rather severe psychotic episode last night ... int . state psychiatric hospital - day Emily and the chief psychiatrist walk down a dark , institutional corridor . chief psychiatrist ... woke up scream , absolutely convinced she be on fire . she be not , of course , they manage to sedate she . but it 's curious , she display all the symptom of a burn patient . except the burn themselves ... Margaret 's door . Emily peer through a little square of reinforce glass . a padded cell . Margaret strapped to a bed . writhing in pain . labor to breathe . eye swim . chief psychiatrist in no condition for visitor as you can see . if you would like , I could let you see Mr sheridan ? Emily hesitates , afraid of he . emily okay . she cast a depart glance through the window and shudder to see that Margaret 's roam eye have lock on she in a hollow stare . 64 . int . visitation room , psych hospital - day restrain in a straitjacket , Edward be bring in by two orderly who seat he at a table opposite Emily and then exit . jaw wire , everything he say be speak through clench tooth . emily I know I be probably the last person you want to see right now , but you be ... his stare unnerve she . she stop and collect herself . emily you be the only one I can talk to . Lucy 's be stay with I - edward who die ? Emily fall silent . her voice crack with emotion . emily a friend . Edward nod yup . regards she in silence . Emily speak , or try to , just to fill that awful void . emily I , ummm ... edward you be scared . Emily , skewer again , nod yes . edward you oughta be . Dead silence . she meet he gaze . and there be eye contact , true understanding . edward you judge we before you ever walk in that house . Sat there in we live room tellin ' we about we problem , how to be better parent - certain of everything and dead wrong about all of it . ( then ) ask what you come to ask . after a moment : 65 . emily what be she ? it 's a question Edward have ask himself once or twice . he lean back in he chair and fold he arm with a almost casual air . edward can tell you what she 's not . she not a daughter of mine . she 's not a ten-year - old have trouble in school . she 's not some innocent victim whose door you bust down and life you save . and she 's not go no place , lady , till she 's good and do with you . emily done with I how ? edward however she want . you think it 's a accident she end up with you ? she see you come a mile away . emily why I ? I do not have anything . edward you have that you be good . kindness . decency . that 's what she feed on . bleed ya dry , move onto the next . we be a big family , she go through we like a wreck ball . and you know , every time something happen , every time , we have a excuse for why it be not she fault . cuz it 's easier to lie to yourself than think bad thing about you baby girl . but finally we get to a point where I and maggy look at each other - ( remember so clearly ) - where we look at each other and we be out of lie , both of we . most terrifying moment of we life . and that 's where you be now . Emily silently register this truth . edward I will tell you this . she see everything . and what she do not see she just sort of sense it , like when you call a friend and they pick up before it ring ? ( more ) 66 . edward ( cont 'd ) only time you get the upper hand be when she 's sleepin ' but she almost never do . we check on she every night for three month . every twenty minute , up and down that stair . first time she sleep be the night you kick in my front door . after a moment : emily what do she want ? edward to know ... what you idea of hell be ... and make you live there . Emily sit in haunt silence . Edward 's feature soften . edward I be not a hateful man . I look at you and I wish I could tell you you be through the worst of it . that it 's gonna work out for you in the end . I wish I could . emily what should I do ? a pity smile reveal Edward 's wire tooth . edward how strong 's you faith ? int . corridor , child welfare - day nancy , the bloat director from the custody panel , walk briskly down a corridor . Emily call to she from behind , approach . emily Nancy ...? nancy Emily , I hear about Doug . I be so sorry . emily ( nods ) do you have a minute ? Nancy glance at she watch , nod okay , a minute . int . child welfare director' office - day Emily and Nancy enter the lavish office . 67 . nancy how 's it work out with the sheridan girl ? emily actually , that 's why I be here . I appreciate what you do for I , Nancy , I really do , but I think it would be best if she be place in foster care . nancy she be . you be it . emily I know , but it 's not work out . nancy play mommy be not the laugh - a- minute you be hope , huh ? emily I suppose not . Nancy nod , not entirely surprised . nancy sorry , you petition for custody , you get it . she 's you responsibility . emily until when ? nancy till we find a suitable foster home . emily how long be that go to take ? nancy you be ask I question you know the answer to . Three to six week . surely you can manage that long . emily I do not want she anymore . I be do . that 's it . Nancy grimace . scary lady . nancy now you look . I put my reputation , quite possibly my career , on the line for you . do not embarrass I . you make this work . 68 . emily how do I make it work if it 's not work ? nancy however ! find a way ! int . hardware store - day a clerk stop in a aisle , hand Emily a deadbolt from a shelf . hardware clerk that what you be look for ? emily ( nods ) thanks . he walk off . Emily weigh the deadbolt in hand . put it down and pick up the next larger size . grab a second one just to be safe . a third for good measure . int . lucy room , emily's house - day with urgency Emily remove all she backup file from the shelf in Lucy 's room . drop they in banker 's box . stop on Diego 's . eye he photo . drop it in . grab the office phone , box it with the file . int . emily's house - day Emily unplug the phone in the kitchen . unplug the one by the sofa . open the closet and toss the phone inside with the banker 's box she put there . close the door . lock it . hide the key . just then , a flashing red light draw she gaze to the window - a school bus stop at the end of the block . Emily cross to the window , watch as lucy get off and come up the sidewalk toward the house . sense Emily 's stare , she stop and meet it . wave , testing the water . Emily wave back but it 's a hollow gesture . Lucy 's smile fade , know this as she continue toward the house . 69 . in a sudden panic Emily go into the kitchen , grab one of the knife . eye the blade , force to contemplate the unthinkable - its use as a weapon , self - defense . she come into the live room , hold it . catch sight of herself in the mirror . a jarring image : sweet Emily jenning with a butcher 's knife in she hand . the sound of lucy footstep on the front step break the spell . Emily hide the knife behind the fish tank . no good , you can see it through the glass . we hear lucy key in the lock . Emily grab the knife . it 's in she hand as the door click open , until the last second when she toss it under a sofa pillow . Lucy enter . shy. innocent . a ten -year- old home from school . lucy hi. Emily return a plastic smile . emily hi. lucy you be not there so I take the bus . emily sorry , work - lose track of time . lucy it 's okay , I know how busy you be . Emily watch unnerve as Lucy cross to the sofa , to the very pillow where she hide the butcher 's knife , and sit down to untie she shoe . the point of the knife be almost touch she leg . if she move at all , it will cut the skin . lucy do not matter anyway , the bus stop right at the end of the street . so I can always get home , whether you be there or not . 70 . emily lucky . Lucy nod then pause and look at the pillow , or appear to , but she be actually look at the end table . lucy where 's the phone ? emily oh , it be not work ... Lucy nod oh . finishes untying she shoe then get up and walk into the kitchen , check the wall , turn to Emily . lucy wow . that one , too . Emily , catch in a lie , say nothing . lucy can I have a shower ? we have gym today ... Emily nod . Lucy head into the bathroom . pause at the door , back turn . lucy be they be nice to she ? emily who ? lucy my mother . she turn for Emily 's reaction . emily how - how would I know that ? lucy I think you say you be go to see she . emily I never say that . Lucy frown . a bewilderment that seem genuine . lucy hm . I must have dreamt it . go into the bathroom . close the door . 71 . int . emily's house - day ear press to the bathroom door , Emily listen to the running water : Lucy take a shower . she go to the closet , unlock it . grab one of the phone . int . emily's kitchen - day it sound like emily's voice be come from the fridge until we sweep past it to see she crouching by a phone jack in the corner . whisper . emily I do not care , Robin , anywhere . just find somewhere that will take she . tonight . I do not want this girl in my house . Emily unplug the phone . and just then hear a soft breath behind she . oh shit . slowly turn . lucy in a bath robe behind her . Hair drip wet . a chill stare . how much do she hear ? Lucy walk out . we hear she bedroom door close . Emily crouch in the corner , hold the phone , terrify at the think of what 's in store . int . emily's bedroom - night the head of a turning screw - Emily install a deadbolt on she door in the middle of the night . it 's the third lock , the other two already in place . hand tremble , she line up the last screw . it slip from she finger . roll under the door . she crack open the door . reaches to grab it and let out a shriek , recoil - feet stand just outside she door . lucy , in pajamas , holding the screw she hand it back to Emily , make no over acknowledgement of it . lucy good night . 72 . she walk down the hallway to she bedroom . as soon as Lucy 's door close , Emily close hers and go back to work , doublespeed . wind that last screw into the wood and then slide - to the heavy bolt . clunk . clunk . clunk . scoot backwards , she sit against the bed , wide - eye with terror , screwdriver clutch in she fist like a stabbing weapon . ext . old stone church - day a bell toll in a steeple . down below , Emily be go against the tide , walk up the step past churchgoer who be come down after morning mass . halfway up , she run into Mike barron and he wife and son . it 's awkward , more for she than he . barron Emily ...? emily Mike . ext . church park - day sitting on a bench in a park that occupy the shadow of the old stone church , Emily and Mike talk privately . his wife push he young son on a playground swing . emily ` no such thing as a bad kid , only bad parent . ' I always believe that . it 's a lie . her parent be not crazy . barron you wanna end up where they do keep talk like this . ( off she look ) I be not judge you . you be grieve for Doug and you be still confuse about what Diego do . emily be not you ? barron Diego grow up in a bad home , he see violence and he repeat it , that 's the cycle , you know that better than anyone . 73. emily why do she lie about call he ? barron ` Cause she 's a liar , that do not mean she make he do it . look , let I tell you what Lucy be . Lucy be a damage child , a deceitful child , a manipulative child . but a damage , deceitful , manipulative child be not a demon . ask my brother - in - law , he 's get a couple of `em . barron stand from the bench . emily Mike , you know I be not crazy . do not run away from something just because it scare you . his concern edge toward sadness . he indicate the church . barron I stop you on the step . I think maybe you oughta go all the way in . walk off to rejoin he wife and son . Emily alone on a bench in the shadow of a church . int . corridor outside group therapy - day the circle of abuse child . Lucy among they , a happy participant . Nancy fill in for Doug . it 's emily's Pov - as she spy on Lucy through the window , second - guess herself for a moment . session over , Nancy dismiss the group with a smile and theatrical applause . Emily watch Lucy cross the room . at the coat rack , she whisper something to another girl . the veil of Lucy 's hair partially obscure she profile , but through that veil Emily see something chill . for a moment , a moment so fleeting it might just be a trick of the eye - lucy lip appear thicker , more masculine , speak caustic word that hold the other girl captive . Emily draw a sharp inward breath . Lucy , feel Emily 's stare now , turn to meet it . her sweet innocent girl lip widen into a smile . 74 . but Emily know what she see . she throw open the door and rush in . int . group therapy room - day grab Lucy by the arm and yank she bodily from the room . this , to the amazement of Nancy , the other child - int . corridor outside group therapy - day - and to the shock of the other parent wait outside . Nancy come after she in a fury . run she down . erupt . nancy who do you think you be barging in there like that ?! emily I do not want she in group anymore , I do not want she around the other kid . nancy well that 's not you decision , be it ?! Emily open she mouth to reply , but Lucy beat she to the punch . lucy it 's okay , Nancy , Emily 's be under a lot of stress lately , but she 's really nice to I and I hope I can stay with she a really long time . Nancy , disarm by the glow praise , turn back to Emily . nancy we will talk about this later . storm off . lucy see you next week , Nancy . Nancy do not hear , busily reassure parent , damage control . Emily and Lucy arrive at the elevator . Emily hit the button . emily you be never go back there . lucy why , Emily ? 75 . Emily say nothing . Lucy keep ask the same question , in the exact same intonation , as Emily ignore she : lucy why , Emily ? why , Emily ? why , Emily ? ding . the door open . int . elevator - day Emily and Lucy step in . the door close . Lucy continue she verbal assault as they start to descend : lucy why , Emily ? why , Emily ? suddenly the elevator lurch to a violent stop . it buckle Emily 's knee . she be terrify , practically hyperventilate . emily w-w - what 's happen - ?! Lucy have get she attention . lucy can I go back to group next week ? emily you be never go back there ! Lucy look at she as one regards a small dumb animal . then look up at the ceiling . lucy be you sure ? horror as Emily realize what she 's think . we hear the first cable SNAP above they . in the creaking hush that follows : emily no ... the second cable snap . the elevator go into a hellish free fall . the acceleration be dizzying . Emily clutches the rail with both hand , scream as the elevator go cannonball down the shaft . Lucy indifferent as they plummet toward certain death . 76 . the floor indicator light race toward L , the car shudder violently , the noise deafen . it 's a horrible way to die . Emily close she eye in anticipation of impact . and in the sudden blackness there 's no noise at all . just a soft , distinct ding . a breathless pause then Emily open she eye . and see the elevator be no longer fall . never be . the door glide open to the first floor lobby . Lucy give she a quiet look and stroll out . a businessman step into the elevator , watch bewilder as Emily release she white - knuckle grip on the railing and stagger out , so badly shake she can barely stand ... int . emily's house - night Fish swim languidly in the tank . it 's after midnight . we be look down the darken hall at Emily 's close bedroom door . int . emily's bedroom - night Emily , in a coat and shoe , pack a suitcase . snap it quietly shut . look over at the barricade door . draw a tense breath . int . hallway - night from down the hall we hear the deadbolt slide quietly OPEN . the door open a crack . emily's terrified face peer out . make sure the hall be empty . she step out , suitcase in hand . tiptoes down the hall . quietly as possible as she come past Lucy 's door . it 's open a crack . the room pitch black inside . Emily step closer , breath hold . peer in through the little crack . see - lucy asleep in bed . but suddenly she eye SNAP OPEN . her face horizontal on the pillow . lucy I can see you . 77 . Emily back away . go quickly to the front door . int . emily's car - night Emily throw the suitcase in the trunk . slam it shut . come around to the driver 's side door . jump in . close the door . and get the scare of she life . lucy be sitting in the passenger seat ! Emily recoil with a scream , throw she body against the window behind she . Lucy sit there , silent , betrayed . it 's too much for Emily . she break down . bury she face in she hand and sob . Lucy , after a moment , take a brush from Emily 's bag and start lovingly brush she hair . Emily slowly lift she head , resign herself to this latest horror . she sit zombie-like behind the wheel , tear stream as Lucy tug gently at the snarl , play mommy . lucy do not be sad . this be you new beginning . int . emily's cubicle - day unopene mail and new case file pile up . Emily look terrible , phone to ear , get scream at , swear at , interrupt every time she try to speak . emily Mrs Lynch , I tell you - will you let - that 's not what I say - no , I do not - you never send I the - Mrs Lynch - will you let I respond ? - will you let I - Mrs Lynch - will you let - Emily can not take it anymore . she unload . emily shut the fuck up you miserable miserable woman before I get in my car and come over there and beat you ass like you beat you son ! I have you address ! think about that next time you call and swear at I ! I know where you live ! slam the phone down . sit there look rather daze . Wayne arrive , daze in a different way , have overhear . 78 . wayne um , so , I notice you have not take any personal day . come on , you look like crap , go home . Emily level a wither stare . emily I do not want to go home . ext . los angele apartment build - day Emily knock on a door in a outside hallway . it open . it 's the girl from the bar . becca . the friend . not expect she . becca Emily ... int . becca' apartment - day Emily , dishevel , five day without sleep , do she best to appear rational . emily I know I have not be a great friend lately , but ... do you think maybe I could crash here for a couple of night ? becca sure , when ? emily tonight and tomorrow . becca draw air through she tooth , pain by she predicament . becca em , any other weekend you know I would say yes , but I just meet this guy and he 's come over tonight like for the night and it might be , you know , kinda weird . Emily nod . and there 's nothing more to be say . int . emily's room - night stormy night . heavy rain . High wind . the tree , thrashing outside the window , backlit by a streetlight , cast ominous shadow on the wall of the bedroom . Emily huddle in the corner , wrap in a blanket , clutching the screwdriver . 79 . there be a knock on the bedroom door . Emily 's eye jerk wide OPEN . she look at the door , but do not answer . after a moment , Lucy 's voice , innocent , afraid - lucy ( o.s. ) Emily ...? can I come in ? I be scared ... Emily say nothing . heart racing . there 's another knock . a little louder . lucy ( o.s. ) Emily ? please ? I know you be in there , please ...? Emily say nothing . Lucy start pound on the door . lucy ( o.s. ) please , Emily ... silence . Emily listen , barely breathe . be that it ? be she go ? and then suddenly - wham ! - wham ! - wham ! - the pound turn violent , practically shaking the door off its hinge . Far too violent for a little girl . Emily wedge herself into the corner , absolutely petrify . there be something very strong and very angry on the other side of that door , shrieking in the voice of a child - lucy ( o.s. ) let I in ! wham - wham - wham - wham - wham - wham ! lucy ( o.s. ) let I in ! wham - wham - wham - wham - wham - wham ! the door get absolutely pummele , look like it might splinter from the force . and it 's so intense that it 's almost surreal what Emily be see . Lucy 's voice eerily monotone , the word come inhumanly fast like some auctioneer from hell - lucy ( o.s. ) let I in , let I in , let I in , let I in , let I in , let I in , let I in , let I in , let I in , let I in ... 80 . relentless . torment Emily . until she can not take it anymore . and she scream as loud as she can , half cursing , half begging , the vein stand out in she neck - emily leave I alone !!! and the pounding stop dead . all we hear be the rain drum on the roof . and Emily 's quick terrified breaths as she stare at the door wonder what 's next . but there 's nothing . just the shadow dance on the wall . it appear the nightmare be over for now . but not quite . a sudden clunk in the closet make she jump . her head snap around - what be that ? she just stare , unable to breathe because whatever she just hear be inside her room ! White - knuckle grip on that screwdriver , Emily stand up and come slowly over to the closet door . raise the screwdriver . ready to stab . take hold of the door handle . slowly turn it . open the door . pitch black inside . a tense pause as she stare into that blackness , then reach a hand into the closet , feel around for the pull-string . find it . give it a tug . and there , right in front of she , be a vision of unspeakable horror : margaret sheridan twitch spasmodically in a hospital gown . hideously burned . she come at Emily arm flail , clumsy with rage and dementia . Emily leap aside and Margaret go careen into the furniture , howling and spin like some craze whirl dervish . Emily scramble over the bed . reaches the door . fumble at the deadbolt . here come Margaret . at the last second Emily get the door open . run out . 81 . int . hallway - night tear a path down the dark hallway . Margaret right behind she , hideous , reeling , hit the wall with she flail arm . Emily throw open the front door . ext . emily's house - night dash from the house into the abandon street . running in the rain . Margaret come crash out of the house , chase she down the middle of the street . Emily see a city bus park up ahead . make a run for it . ext . metro bus - night a metro transit bus idling along the curb . the driver with he foot up between shift , read a porno mag . Emily come run up to the door . pound frantically on the glass . emily help I ! please ! the driver meet eye with she through the door . keeps read . unimpress . more pound from Emily . emily let I on ! the driver point to the sign above the door : out of service . keeps read . Emily near hysterics at this point . Margaret close in fast . emily she 's come ! please ! the driver sigh , weigh he obligation . Emily spin , back to the door . Margaret nearly upon she , ten foot away , five , four ... int . metro bus - night the driver open the door . Emily dive backwards onto the bus , the door snap close in front of she just as Margaret lunge for she throat . emily drive ! bus driver there 's nobody out there . 82. emily drive ! bus driver there - be - nobody - out - there ! it sink in the second time . Emily scan the sidewalk , the darken street outside the bus . Margaret be go . be never there . the driver open the door , nod to she - out . ext . metro bus - night with a hydraulic hiss the bus release its brake and diesel off down the empty street . Emily stand alone . rain-soaked . shiver . stare at she house down the block . the silhouette of a child in the window . int . child SERVICES department - night Wayne and he boyfriend shake rain off a umbrella as they cross the darken office . boyfriend ( be : the office space ) no , I like it . it 's like that thing they put baby cow in to make veal - the boyfriend slow as they go past a cubicle . saw something weird . wayne what ? he point . freak . Wayne come over , poke he head in a cubicle . emily head down on she desk , rain -soak , sleep in she chair . wayne em ...? no reply . Wayne 's face darken . be she dead ? he come over , put he hand on she shoulder . wayne Emily ...? she awaken with a jolt . expecting to see Margaret . she look terrible . 83. wayne Jesus - be you okay ? emily ( hoarse whisper ) I ... I have some thing to catch up on ... she fumble unconvincingly at some loose paperwork . wayne you look like shit , you need to see a doctor . emily I see a doctor . wayne what do they say ? emily ( lose it ) they say mind you own fuck business ! shock by the outburst , by she general appearance , he walk away , mutter to he boyfriend . Emily put she head in she hand , press down at she temple . Wayne step into he office in the b.g. and grab something then they exit . and the office be quiet again . Emily close she eye . just then , she hear - a faint cyclical squeaking noise in the cubicle right next to hers . go rigid . recognize the sound . call over the partition without move . emily Wayne ...? no reply , but the squeaking continue . rising slowly from she seat , scared as hell , she lean over she desk and peer over the partition into the adjacent cubicle . it 's empty . but the office chair be turning as if someone be just play there . Emily step slowly back . and now hear the same cyclical squeaking behind she . the opposite row . she spin . ext . child SERVICES department - night walk slowly from she cubicle . come along the row of darken cubicle , follow the sound to its source . this be the one . she look in . 84 . empty cubicle . turning chair . Emily back away . terrify . the chair wind slowly to a stop . suddenly , behind she , at the far end of the office , a different noise split the silence . Emily turn and stare toward the sound . the xerox machine . someone be use it . emily hello ...? no answer . Emily come slowly down the aisle to the partition workstation . a torturous walk set to the rhythmic cadence of the photocopier , the harsh GREEN light sweeping across the ceiling above it , again and again and again ... and then it stop , eject one final page as Emily enter the workstation . and see there 's no one there . she stare at the idle machine for a moment , then at the stack of copy lie upsidedow in the tray . she come over , pick they up . turn they over . the first page be a photocopy of a pair of hand pressed flat against the copying glass . Emily stare , haunt . tense breath . continue through the stack . successive page show the same two hand , but lean forward into the inky blackness between they be a face , its feature resolve into murky focus as it approach the glass . the last page be a horrific image . a man scream in such terror that he face appear almost deform . it 's doug . the night of he death . like a snapshot from he bathroom mirror . Emily shudder , the stack of page tumble to the floor . run out . and we see the photocopy , lie on the floor , be totally blank ... int . corridor , child SERVICES build - night Emily , leave , rush down a corridor toward the lobby . tense . head on a swivel . hear more squeaking behind she . spin . a night janitor wheeling a mop bucket 85 . she walk on . turn the corner and run into someone unexpected . jump back with a shriek before she realize who it be . emily Robin ... a ponytail woman in she mid-forty , the child placement specialist Emily call from home . robin what be you do here so late ? I try call you . I find someone to take Lucy . emily ( stunned relief ) you do ? robin Anaheim couple . they have help we out before . she show Emily a custody form with a attach photo : a kind husband and wife with two young child . Emily 's face darken . emily ( under she breath ) oh God ... robin what 's the matter ? Emily stare at the unsuspecting family . Lucy 's next victim . she fend off a wave of emotion as the full horror of she predicament hit she . then , matter - of -factly , face that fear head - on : emily I can not . I be keep she . as Emily walk off , rip the custody form to shred , Robin utterly confuse ... int . state psychiatric hospital - day Emily sit opposite Edward sheridan in the visit room , a odd sense of camaraderie between they . 86 . emily if I get rid of she , if I put she into the system ... edward ( nods yup ) she start all over again somewhere else . can not let she stay , can not let she go . that leave you with one option . Eye contact . Emily look away , shake she head . emily I can not , Edward , I -- edward you have to . you have to find the strength . do not you understand ? that 's why she 's do this . to test you . test you faith . emily I do not have any faith . edward how `bout anger . get some of that ? Emily lower she gaze to the table . emily how ... how do I ...? edward kill she ? in she sleep , assume you can ... ( then ; thinking ) tell you what I would do different . Count myself dead at the outset . accept that go in and use it to my advantage . that 's the one thing I do not think she would see come , someone give up they own life to take hers . as Emily register this ... int . emily's house - night Middle of the night , the live room be light by the eerie glow of the fish tank . the filter hum . the fish swim languidly . suddenly they disperse , spook by something outside the tank . 87 . int . emily's bedroom - night the bureau have be push in front of the deadbolt door to form a barricade . Emily lie in a fetal position on she bed , exhaust but unable to sleep . she tense at the sound of a muffled male voice in the other room . come over to the door , try to listen . thinks she recognize it . emily ( call through door ) Mike ...? no reply . a moment of indecision then Emily tighten she grip on the screwdriver and quietly slide open the deadbolt . int . hallway - night she come slowly down the hall , follow the voice to its source , stop in the live room doorway , haunt ... int . live room - night the television Edward 's psych interview play to the empty room . he 's straightjackete , sedate . talk directly to the camera . edward where be she now ? some family somewhere ? interviewer why do that concern you , Edward ? edward ` Cause you have to warn they . Emily turn off the tv . immediately it switch itself back on . Emily freeze , realize the room be not empty . turn , she see Lucy sit in the shadow hold the remote . Lucy mute the sound and return Emily 's stare , thoughtful , almost empathetic . lucy I like it here . I like you . you want I to like you , do not you ? Emily nod . the room bath in the tv 's flicker blue light . Lucy be quiet for a moment . then , in she innocently menace voice , explain the rule : 88. lucy you have to do what I say . if I say I want to go to group , you have to do it . if I say I want a new dress , you have to do it . if I say I want ice cream every day after school , you have to do it . okay ? Emily give a haunt nod , remember : a flashcut of Lucy sit between Edward and Margaret at the child service meeting , new dress , ribbon in she hair , lick she ice cream with a wick little smile . back to scene Lucy stare coldly at the television : Margaret speak with the sound off . lucy they do what I say for a while and then they stop and start with the secret . but they be not really secret I guess ... ( look at Emily ) ... because I always know what they be think . she hold Emily 's gaze then look back at the tv . Margaret 's image reflect in the pupil of she eerie unblink eye . int . margaret' padd room , psych hospital - night Margaret , strap unbuckle , sit on the bed beside a young nurse who check she temperature . done , the nurse head out . margaret do not leave I . terror in Margaret 's voice . young nurse it 's okay , maggie . I will check on you later . the nurse exit . lock the door . click -ka-thunk . the sound of doom to Margaret . she stand up , look around , tremble at what 's to come . her footstep sound oddly hollow , metallic on the floor . 89 . margaret' Pov - surveying the room , we see what Margaret 's hell look like . it 's not a room she 's live in ... a old oven with dark scorched metal wall . a bolt - down bed to one side , perfectly white , like a practical joke . we can hear the low hiss of it fill with gas . the faint poof as it ignites beneath she . the first shimmering wave of heat rise up , singeing she hair . Margaret run scream to the door , claw at the pane of glass like a madwoman . but there be no escape from the hell of she own mind . the young nurse's face appear there in the window , shocked by Margaret 's insane ranting . int . psych hospital cafeteria - night Edward , dinner tray in hand , go through the cafeteria line with other institutional patient . he sit down at a table and start eat , quiet , lose in he thought . take another mouthful of food and suddenly stop chew , notice something very strange : a bald , morbidly obese inmate sitting directly across the table be cutting peas in half on he plate , absently , but with a almost surgical precison , eating they one by one off the tip of he knife !! he lift he gaze to Edward . smile a know , taunting smile . then he wide wet mouth speak in a little girl 's voice : lucy voice I be happy you be get the help you need , daddy . Edward go berserk . launch himself across the table at the guy , stabbing he in the neck with he fork . vicious attack . unprovoke as far as anyone else be concerned . a guard rush over . Edward turn on he , maniacal . the guard shoot he dead . as blood pool around Edward 's body , some lunatic who witness the event start to applaud . other join in . it 's the most excitement they have see all year . and as the applause spread through the entire cafeteria ... 90 . ext . emily's house - day Emily come down the step , past the morning paper on the walkway . stop dead in she track . stun . come back and pick it up . a SMALL photo of edward on the front page with a headline : hospital probe death . at the bus stop at the end of the street , Lucy mingle happily with other child . she meet Emily 's gaze down the length of the sidewalk . smile and wave goodbye as she get on the school bus . int . barron' office , police station - day Emily drop the newspaper on barron 's desk . the headline about Edward speak for itself . barron I know ... it 's a different Mike barron than last we see . go be the quiet assurance . whatever happen rock he to the core . he close the door for privacy . barron there 's something I want you to hear . come in at two o'clock last night . you might wanna sit . Emily sit . barron cue a voicemail message on he phone , play it over the speaker . after a beep we hear it . a sinister male voice , guttural , taunting , the voice of a demon : sinister male voice ( mock he earlier line ) ` it 's hard sometimes to tell the truth , but I know you will `cause you be a good little girl ... ' ( then ; intimate ) twenty year in the trenches , can not make Lieutenant ? hurt , do not it ? shake you faith sometimes . you know why they keep pass you over ? do you , Michael ? ` Cause you be soft . Soft , soft , soft ... delirious laughter follow by a click and a dial tone . Emily 's mouth gape . after a moment : 91 . barron you be right . she call Doug . take I a extra couple of day to get you cell phone record . that 's what she 's be use . grim pause . Emily dig through she bag . reaches the bottom . no cell phone . stare into the bag , voice waver with emotion : emily she 's take I apart , Mike . she lose it for a second . barron sit in front of she on the edge of the desk . barron I be gonna help you get to the bottom of this . emily ( be : Edward 's photo ) he tell I I have to kill she . barron register that in silence . stun she , and himself , by what he say next . barron I will help you . Emily look at he . disbelief . barron whatever it take . she hug he . a godsend . barron I be gonna put Beth and Tim in a hotel . keep she at the house . int . doctor' office - day Emily buttone she shirt after a exam . doctor physically you be fine . how 's the stress ? emily I be not sleep , I be hope you could give I something . 92 . the doctor write on she prescription pad . doctor take one of this , you will sleep . Emily watch the pen scribble . int . emily's car - day a prescription pill bottle on the passenger seat . Emily , drive home , glance at it with apprehension . ext . HOTEL - night a high -rise hotel in downtown Los Angeles . int . HOTEL room - night barron , say goodbye to he wife and son , set down the overnight bag they have pack . barron' wife why will not you tell I what 's go on ? barron because I can not . kiss she . turn to he son . barron take care of you mom . muss the boy 's hair and leave . int . HOTEL corridor - night barron stride down the corridor , he face reflect the grim task ahead . int . HOTEL parking structure - night his footstep echo in the parking structure as he walk along a row of park car . a faint jangling SOUND stop he dead in he track . he turn and scan the garage behind he . it 's quiet , eerily still . he continue onward , but hear the faint jangling SOUND again a moment later . spin , try to place it . there it be again . closer this time . something move , hide , behind the row of car over there . 93. he bend , try to get a look under the car . can not see anything . unnerve , he move on , click the button on he keychain remote . the light flash on he car fifty yard away . but as he continue toward it they reveal themselves , trodding into view from between the car , choke - chain collar jangling around they neck ... three pit bull Battle -scarre . vicious . the dog from Diego 's house . they sit down right in front of barron 's car . it 's a surreal moment , a trio of attack dog sit at quiet attention , square - jaww , black -ey , the kinetic calm before a predator strike . barron draw he gun . fire a warning shot over they head . bang ! deafeningly loud , it echoe through the garage like a thunderclap . but the dog do not move , just sit there stare . barron lower he gun . it 's time to get the hell out of here . he backpedal , make no sudden movement , gun still train on the dog . they watch he , eye liven with excitement , one of they back leg twitching in anticipation . barron quicken he step and that 's they cue . all at once , with explosive speed , the dog spring into motion , vicious and muscled and smelling blood . barron fire a errant shot and take off run . but he can not match they pace , the deadly trio race along the row of police cruiser , close the gap with ease . at the last second barron jump the partition . the pit bull crash skull - first into the concrete , but continue they pursuit unfaze as barron take off up the adjoin ramp . he jump up onto the row of car and run across the hood , dent the metal . the dog jump up behind he , relentless in they pursuit . jaw snap at he heel , barron take to the car roof , the pitbull leaping from car to car behind he . 94 . he look back just in time to see the dog launch themselves . they hit he at chest height , sink tooth in he flesh . stumble forward , struggle to keep they jaw from he throat , barron do not see what 's come . the last car . the edge of the parking garage . he 's over the edge before he even understand , flail he arm for a handhold that do not exist . the ground , far below , fly up at he in a rush of acceleration . we hear a sicken thud and find barron lie face down on the pavement below , blood pool around he . cling to life , he open he eye and see the trio of pit bull sitting obediently beside he , unharme , watch . but from a distance we see there be only barron . dying alone between the park car . no dog anywhere in sight . int . emily's house - night Emily open the front door , peer in , try not to make a sound . emily Lucy ...? no reply . she enter . see - the closet door be OPEN . she come closer . empty banker box strewn in the hall . scatter page . at the far end , the light be on in Lucy 's bedroom . the door open a crack . a shaft of light spilling out into the darken hallway . Emily come down the hallway past scatter file page . preliminary report . Medical record . personality profile ... she open the door to Lucy 's room . int . lucy bedroom - night freezes in the doorway , shocked by what lie before she . emily oh my God ... 95 . Black eye . bloody nose . bruise . cuts. burn . photo of abused child cover the entire floor . a collage of misery . Lucy be nowhere to be see . Emily come in and start quickly pick they up . tucked between the file cabinet and the wall be a corkboard . Emily pull it out . it 's cover with photo from work . coworker . her kide . two of the photo be turn around . she flip they over in rapid succession . Diego . doug. she rip all the photo from the board . photo bunched in she hand , she head for the door , but hear something that stop she in she track - a strange intermittent buz noise it last two second and stop . she turn around , scan the room . put down the stack of photo . there it be again : bzzzzzzzzzzzt . bzzzzzzzzzzzzt . sound like a housefly trap against a window , but it 's bigger , angrier , and appear to be come from the knotted rug at the foot of Lucy 's bed . Emily cross to it . the buz stop . she bend . take hold of a corner . peel it slowly back to reveal bare floor weird . nothing there . bzzzzzzzzzzzzzt ! bzzzzzzzzzzzzzzt ! Emily straighten , turn . it 's come from the bed as she approach it the buz intensifies , louder , more agitate . pause as she get there , terrify of what she might find , the bed buz furiously from within . something be trap under that blanket , wait for release . Emily extend a tremble hand , take hold of the blanket and , slowly , rigid with fear , peel they back to reveal 96 . bare mattress impossible , because the buz be louder than ever . with a tense swallow Emily realize it 's come from lower , deeper within the bed , between the mattress and the box spring . she slip she finger into the crack . and slowly lift the mattress , the buz growing frighteningly loud as its source be expose , something hellish wait for she as she crane she neck and look to see what lie below - her cell phone vibrating . bzzzzzzzzzt . bzzzzzzzzzzt . on the viewscreen : " incoming call ... " she pick it up . stare at it vibrate in she hand . press the talk button . bring it to she ear . the low static of a open line . then , a raspy male voice : male voice on phone Emily ... Emily flinch . emily who be this ...? male voice on phone it 's Wayne , Emily , I just get a call , Mike 's dead ... Emily , stunne , barely able to speak . emily no ... he 's ... wayne ( v.o. ) they do not know if he fall or what happen ... Emily 's phone hand drop to she side in shock . from down there , we hear Wayne 's voice : wayne ( v.o. ) Emily ? Emily , be you okay ...? after a moment , she lift it . 97 . emily I have to go . hang up . on the brink of emotional collapse . her only confidante dead . just then she hear breathing from behind the open door . someone or something hide in that dark corner over there . she cross to it . pull back the door and there sit lucy quiet , innocent , chin on she knee . emily what do you do to he ? Lucy say nothing . Emily grab she by the arm . yank she to she foot . emily what did you do to he ?! after a moment : lucy he do it to himself . whack ! Emily slap she . hard across the face . knock she to the floor . Lucy sit up , lip split . tastes the blood with she tongue . hint of a smile . the taste of victory . lucy europa . ganymede . io. callisto . the moon of Jupiter . we get back we astronomy test today . it 's there on the floor . a + + well do , Lucy ! there 's a loud beep in the other room . Lucy get up and walk out . Emily watch as Lucy go into the kitchen . take a bag of popcorn from the microwave . empty it into a bowl . sit down on the live room sofa and click on the tv remote , watch it like nothing ever happen . Emily walk over and pitch the tv onto the floor . the screen shatter . emily get out of my house . Lucy , unimpress , expressionless , take another handful of popcorn . chews it . crunch . crunch . crunch . Emily swat the bowl from she hand . 98 . emily get out ! flick bit of popcorn off herself , Lucy stand up from the sofa . her face catch the light from the hallway . Emily shudder at the sight . Lucy 's feature look alter somehow , sharpen . it 's subtle , but the overall effect be chill . the face of a little girl laid over the musculature of something more devious and wicked . lucy do not yell at I . my mom and dad use to yell at I . Emily back away , mortify , take off down the hall . int . emily's bedroom - night rushes in . slam the door . bolt the deadbolt . clunk . clunk . clunk . moment of panic . will they hold ? slide she bureau in front of the door . shove she bed in front of the bureau just to be sure . in the silence we hear lucy footstep come down the hall toward the door . closer , closer ... there 's nothing else to block the door with . Emily back away , tremble as lucy footstep arrive at the door . a tense silence . then : lucy ( o.s. ) Emily ... I be sorry ... I do not mean to ... Emily grab the screwdriver , clutches it in both hand . lucy ( o.s. ) can I come in so we can talk and work it out ? there 's a gentle knock on the door . Emily flinch , remember last time . lucy ( o.s. ) Emily ...? emily stay away from I ! 99 . lucy ( o.s. ) do not be mad . I say I be sorry . I will brush you hair for you . emily stay away from I !! silence . then : wham ! the door shudder from a mammoth impact . last time , it shook the door , this time it shake the entire wall . Emily recoil , drop the screwdriver . wham ! crack appear in the door as it bow from the tremendous force . wham !! crack fan out into the plaster around the doorframe . wham !! half the screws holding the hinges fly from the wall . wham !! the deadbolt bending from the ungodly pummel . wham !! the deadbolt screws get yank from the wood . Emily freeze in terror , watch . whatever 's out there be come in . wham !! one of the door hinges rip clean from the wall . wham !! the first deadbolt come fly off . wham !! the second door hinge go . wham !! another deadbolt fly off . wham !! the door split down the center . wham !! the third deadbolt land on the floor at Emily 's foot with a metal thud . a breathless silence . then the door rattle and drop loose from the frame with a dead wooden clunk . nothing hold it in place now except the bureau and the bed . and now they both start to slide backward as whatever be on the other side start push its way in . 100 . Emily topple a high bookcase against the door and push back with every ounce of strength she can muster , but it 's no use . the bureau overturn , crash to the floor . Emily 's bare foot slide backwards along with the bed . and then they stop . the barricade sufficiently breach . Emily , in she panic , make a hasty decision . she hide under the bed . we hold low on the open door as lucy feet step into the room , the foot of a child , but the breathing we hear sound emphysemic and the voice be unquestionably male - harsh , guttural , taunting Emily as it come for she : sinister male voice Emily ... Wide -ey with terror under the bed , she watch that foot pick they way over the shattered remnant of the barricade . sinister male voice Emily ... we need to learn healthier way of resolve conflict , Emily . the foot step gingerly past the overturn bureau . sinister male voice ... most family do not even know they have a problem ... the foot stop at the screwdriver . sinister male voice ... until it 's too late . a hand reach down and pick it up , a girl 's hand , but the finger as they wrap tightly around the handle look strong and sinewy . the foot stand motionless for a moment then turn and come toward the bed , stop right in front of emily's horrified face . a pause and then , still from Emily 's Pov , we see Lucy lower herself onto she knee . wham !! - with shocking force that hand impale the screwdriver in the wooden floor ! another pause then both hand come into view , palm flat on the hardwood , as she lean she head down . 101 . Emily recoil in anticipation as the face come into view - lucy innocent face a little girl . with a little girl voice to match . lucy ( playing mommy ) what be you do , you silly pumpkinhead ? Emily , hyperventilate , stare in shock . Lucy reach she hand in . Emily back away , wedge herself in the corner . lucy ( playing mommy ) you do not want I to come under there and get you , do you ? Emily , cry now , shake she head . Lucy , almost sympathetic , frown . lucy ( playing mommy ) I be go to count to three . one ... emily no ... lucy ( playing mommy ) two ... two and a half ... emily please ... lucy ( playing mommy ) two and three quarter ... Three ... Lucy start crawl under the bed . lucy here I come . Emily try to go backwards , but there 's nowhere for she to go . lucy face sliding closer like the head of a snake . trapped , Emily scream . 102 . emily what do you want ?!! Lucy stop crawl . fold she arm , set she chin on they . comfortable here under the bed . delight in the question . lucy what you want from you mother . I want you to love I . emily okay ... okay , I will , I will , I promise . Lucy weigh Emily 's surrender for a moment . then , oddly bright : lucy come tuck I in . emily okay ... I will be right there . lucy you better come . Lucy slither out and we see she foot scamper from the room . Emily put she head down on the floor and cry , cover she mouth with she hand so she will not make a sound . int . emily's kitchen - night a whistling kettle on the stove . Emily , still in tear , take it from the burner . dump six sleeping pill from the prescription bottle . crushes they with the blunt edge of a knife . stir they into a cup of chamomile tea . she freeze at a noise behind she . look tensely over she shoulder . the fridge . she add sugar , continue stir . int . hallway - night we follow the tea cup , in Emily 's hand , as she come nervously down the hall to Lucy 's room . we can see Lucy in there , wait for she in bed . Emily , play the part , dry she eye and enter . 103 . int . lucy room - night sit down on the bed , hand Lucy the tea . lucy chamomile . Emily nod . the face of a loving mother . Lucy bring the cup to she lip , pause . lucy maybe you should have it , you look stress . emily I will have one later . Lucy consider this , nod okay , take a sip of tea . Emily pick up a brush and brushes Lucy 's hair . emily tomorrow 's we new beginning . lucy I will be good . emily I know . Lucy take a few more sip and set the tea cup on the bedside table . Emily , tucking she in , give the cup a nervous glance . do she drink enough ? emily get some rest . lucy say it . emily I love you . lucy forever and ever ? emily forever and ever . Emily kiss she on the forehead . Lucy look up at she and for a moment she 's the little girl Emily meet . innocent , angelic , close she eye for sleep . they flutter open one last time . 104 . lucy where be you if I need you ? emily right down the hall . Lucy 's eye shut . Emily , brush she hair , stare at the half -full tea cup . int . hallway - night Lucy asleep in bed . Emily watch from the door , wary , expect Lucy 's eye to snap open any second . emily sweetheart ...? she do not move , dead to the world . or be it a game ? Emily close the door . leans against the wall , shaking , contemplate she next move . wedge a chair under the door handle . time of the essence . int . emily's garage - night junk-filled . the door lift to reveal Emily , silhouett , look in . amid the clutter be a lawnmower . beside it , a big can of gasoline . int . emily's house - night Emily stifling sob as she douse the wall of the house . the hallway , the bathroom , the kitchen , all of it . tip of a match strike flint , ignites . Emily stare at it for a long moment . let it fall . flame scurry in a shimmer blue-gold sheet across the floor . climb the wall , the entire house ablaze in a matter of second . Emily sit and watch as the door to Lucy 's bedroom be engulf . it 's a image straight from hell : a young woman sitting on a sofa in a house of FIRE . the fish , frantic in they tank , catch Emily 's eye . she go over and grab the tank . 105 . ext . emily's house - night smoke swirl past she , she exit the house , lock the front door behind she . she back away and watch it burn , hold she fish tank , the only thing she save . time CUT to : billow black smoke . the house fully engulf as fire engine arrive on the scene , siren wail . Emily watch with neighbor on the sidewalk as the firefighter uncoil they hose . the window to Lucy 's bedroom be a bright red square , a inferno . and as Emily stare at it , disbely what she 's do , the figure of a child appear . lucy her whole body ablaze . horrific . she just stand there , arm at she side , burn . just now the FIRE marshall cross to the onlooker . holler over the noise and commotion : FIRE marshall everybody get out okay ?! Emily waver , not sure what to say . the Fire Marshall see she indecision . FIRE marshall this you house ?! ( she nod yes ) anybody else inside ?! ( off she hesitation ) ma'am ...?! Emily open she mouth to reply , but see something behind she that close she throat . lucy stand on the sidewalk in she pajamas . unscathed . FIRE marshall anyone else inside ?! yes or no ?! Emily , in shock , shake she head no . the Fire Marshall rush off , walkie-talkie squawk . Emily stand freeze as Lucy come through the crowd to she . more dismay than angry . 106 . lucy that be mean . she take Emily 's hand . together they watch the house burn . firelight play on they face . the fish bounce off the glass in the tank at Emily 's foot . int . emily's car - night the blue halflight before dawn . Emily and Lucy sit in the volvo , eyeing the scorched remain of the house . the firecrew stow equipment . Emily put the car in drive . int . emily's car - dawn the fish floating dead at the top of the tank in the back seat as Emily drive down the freeway at daybreak . Lucy gaze out dreamily at the sunrise . lucy maybe we can find a hotel with a swim pool . Emily say nothing . Lucy turn and look at she , thoughtful , almost empathetic . she draw up she knee and rest she chin on top , level a appraise stare at Emily like the one she levele at Doug . lucy it 's sad , be not it ? how it get pass on . how people do to they own kid what they parent do to they . that 's why you get the job ... Emily turn on the radio , full volume , try to drow out Lucy 's voice . Lucy reach over and turn it off . click . lucy ... to prove to yourself you be not like she , that you be not like you mother . because that scare you . scare you more than anything . Lucy , in mock sentiment , put she hand on Emily 's . lucy I love you ... even if you do not love I . Emily look at she , gut . but defiant . turn she gaze forward , she tighten she grip on the wheel and calmly , resolutely , jam the gas pedal to the floor . the acceleration pitch Lucy backwards into she seat . she sit up , eye wide , do not see this come . a suicide run . 107 . lucy what be you do ? slow down . a tense smile from Lucy . the table have turn . lucy do you hear I ? Emily stare dead ahead , red-lining the tachometer . Lucy flit she eye skyward . immediately it darken and start to rain . Emily turn on the wiper , speed on , unfaze . lucy I say slow down ! Emily ignore she , go eighty now , weaving through slower traffic that fly toward they out of the gray haze . Lucy , panic , change channel like a tv . innocent child all of a sudden . lucy please , stop , Emily , I will be good . Emily ignore she , beyond apology . and Lucy 's face sharpen . she point down the road . lucy look out ! through the heavy rain we see - a tractor -trailer rig crash through the dividing median and jackknife , barreling at they head -on ! Emily go for the brake , but reconsider , see the truck for what it be : a test of faith . she welcome it . tighten she grip on the wheel and go full throttle again , right at the truck . Lucy shriek in terror . lucy what be you do ?! emily it 's not real . lucy yes , it be ! emily be you scared ?! 108 . pedal to the floor . inviting the head - on collision . you can see the big rig driver in the cab , wrestle frantically with the steering wheel . Lucy brace herself , scream - lucy stop ! Emily clenches she tooth in anticipation of impact , of death . the chrome grillwork of the truck rush toward they in that final moment , the AIR horn deafeningly loud ! but the impact never come . in the blink of a eye the truck be go . open road in front of they . it 's not raining . never be . the wiper squeaking on a dry windshield . Lucy sit in silence , she bag of trick empty . Emily , triumphant , turn to she with a vindictive smile , the speedometer hit a hundred . emily be you scare ?! she clutches Lucy 's wrist . emily i'm not !! Emily jerk the car off the road , crash through the guardrail . tree snap in half across the hood as they go careen through roadside wood and down a steep embankment toward - ext . los angele reservoir - day the car tear through a chainlink fence and leap off the high embankment into the water . int . emily's volvo - day Impacts and sink with frightening speed . Water rush in from all side . Emily shackle Lucy with she arm as the water rise to cover they mouth . underwater they stare wide - eye at one another through the water . Hair swirl around they face as they sink to the bottom . lucy lip curl into that creepy mannish smile . as though she anticipate this . or welcome it . or know something Emily do not . and now Emily see what Lucy see - 109 . a figure swimming down toward they through the murky water . a hand pries open the door and wrestle Lucy from Emily 's grasp . pull she from the car , swim to the surface with she . Emily be leave empty-hand , stunne , alone in she watery grave . she drowns in stage , each one difficult to watch , the initial frantic flailing , the hopeless panic , the slow dawning of acceptance , the muscle loosening , arm floating limp , eye fix in a blank stare . and just when she death seem certain , a hand grab she by the shoulder and yank she out the driver 's side window ... ext . bank of reservoir - day ambulance . patrol car . paramedics . onshore , drying off with a towel , talk to a uniform officer be the passerby who save Lucy 's life . passerby right through the guardrail , never touch the brake ... Emily go by on a gurney , semi-conscious , oxygen mask over she face . paramedics check she vital . load into the ambulance , she meet the gaze of Lucy who be be attend to by a female paramedic , who put she arm around Lucy in a maternal gesture , shield she from the sight of Emily as Emily do of the sheridan . paramedic do not look at she , okay ? just do not even look . Lucy nod , the innocent victim . cling to she protector as she watch the ambulance take Emily jenning away . CUT to : a television - news footage of Lucy wrap in a blanket sit beside the female paramedic in a ambulance . shiver . wet -hair cling to she face . portrait of a child victim . news reporter a remarkable story of survival this morning as a young girl be pull from the Los Angeles reservoir in a accident police be call suspicious ... 110 . institutional patient watch tv in the psych hospital rec room . slouch on the vinyl sofa , watch without comprehension , heavily sedate , Margaret sheridan . int . windowless room - day Emily talk agitatedly to a man in a suit who be write something and not pay attention to she . we only see she face at first . emily where be she ? where would they put she ? Foster care ? be she with a family ? you have to let I talk to they ... she snatch the pen from he hand . emily do you hear I ?! he look at she , quietly take back he pen . man in suit I hear you . continue write . there 's a knock on the door . a bailiff poke he head in . bailiff set. Emily stand up from the chair she 's be sit in and we see she 's wear a orange LA county jail jumpsuit . the man , she public defender , instruct she as they exit : man in suit let I do the talk in here . ext . private wooded road - day Lucy walk a private road through sunlit forest with a kind retired couple . temporary guardian who have take she in for the weekend . lucy why can not I live with you ? retired woman oh , darling , we be not foster parent , we just help out when the system 's full . 111 . retired man they will contact we , Lucy , when you placement come through . the woman put she arm around she as they walk on . retired woman some nice family that always want a little girl . Lucy smile , shy , innocent , quietly take in the scenery . int . foster placement SERVICES - night two woman cross the office after hour , a pudgy middle - age foster care supervisor and a young caseworker who be leave for the day . the office remind you of child service , another tier of the child welfare system . caseworker go to the thing Saturday ? supervisor I do not know . caseworker oh , you should . it will be fun . supervisor maybe I will , I do not know . we will see . caseworker bye , janey . supervisor see you tomorrow . the caseworker exit . the supervisor come down the row of cubicle drop file on desk . alone . after hour . a thankless profession . it land on some random desk , amid the usual backlog of mail and paperwork . a case file like all the other . the name type on the label : sheridan , lucy . fade out .