casino royale screenplay by & Neal purvis & Robert Wade od er ? second set of revision by , Paul haggis e 3s December 1 6 . '' < issue to proautie 20 , 2005 cy < e ae ' novel by lan Fleming this draft sot sere copy make available to the reader only and it must not be photocapy or lesan divulge to any third party . please accord it the utmost care and . x4 d confidentiality . b3re copy of this draft screenplay be lose or misplace , please report this to shou ! af mee ) eon production Limited or danjaq LLC immediately . i je hike aoc must be return to eon production Limited at the end of you invoivement with the film . this draft screenplay and ail rights therein be own exclusively by danjaq LLC '' 2005 danjaq LLC newer '' oe issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 1. - casino royale - fade in : ext . modern office block - prague -- night 1 snow on the ground . it 's the middle of the night . a car pull up outside the ultra-modern building . dryden get out and move inside . int . foyer - office block -- night 2 desert except for the guard at the recepti desk . drydan mutter a greeting and head for the eleva > ) ext . cricket ground -- day bs oq 3 C we be in lahore , pakistan , a game @ nin 3 sohless , the pakistani team field , british team pertinee he grandstand be orowd , the bowler hurl the bell '' whe batsman hit it up in the air , arcing it ssn ? stand . the crowd e ~ reach for it , one person cat ne , throw it back . stand next to the thro ke 9p dark , well build man , applaud the shot alo ; with everyone else . call he pisher . he glance bear a rowdy group of fan and spot a man watch hit he ‘fe in silhouette : bond . Fisher react , pughes thro ie crowd , away from silhouette . Le int . modern offic night 4 sleek surf . ~ pit only by the skyline beyond . dryden enter , moy ickly to a hide safe without bother to turn yt . jlight . he stop dead when he see it ajar . drydan sand see bond sit in the shadow . i se x yy sy bond ©) m really do not mind we make a ny Little money on the side , drydan . she would just prefer it be not by gell secret . rat . crick#t ground -- day 5 a roar fram the crowd : the batsman have be bowl out . Fisher jump over the edge of the stand , move down the tonnel pass the new batsman on he way out , he duck around a gorner intg a dark corridor , lean against the wall , the door at the far end of the corridor open . Fisher spin to see bond ) walk toward he . Fisher bolt . issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 2. int . modern office -- night 6 drydan switch on he desk lamp and sit , as cool as a autumn evening . in that same motion he flick open a hide panel in he desk , revealing the butt of a semiautomatic . dryden if the theatrics be suppose to scare I you have the wrong man , bond . if m be so sure I be bent , she would have send a double -o . ( gain confidence ) benefit of be section Chief ; I would know if anyone have be pree to double -o status , would not of 2 % you file show no kill . in he take - ( 2 7 bond two . drydan try not to show he es nly unnerve . I g2 , ( amile " 6 ex ) you be not ic eieket fan by any chance , be int . cricket cree '' club house -- day 7 Fisher ae ' sxtcrow staircase , lead to a balcony N restaurant 4 a dead end . he push through a side door , run 4 long corridor , burst into a regtro he whirl , draw a gun , point it back at cee wait for bond to appear , int . ae office -~- night 9 drydan grab the pistol , level it -- bond still have not move . dryden shame , we barely get to know each other . he pull the trigger . click . bond hold up the magazine . bond ( with humor ) I know where you hide you gun , I suppose that 's something . issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 3 . 9 continued : 9 dryden ( have to smile ) true. ( lay gun down ) how do he die ? bond you contact ? 10 int . cricket ground - club house -- day 10 Fisher back up to a washbasin , turn on the tap , throw water on he sweat face - he eye never ave the door . suddenly , a burst of cheer from outsid igher instinctively bring the gun up . a seco / ) behind ) he , crash open . bond . he spin e ( grab he , knock the gun out of he hand . Fisher attack . the two tumble ino stall . the fight be chaotic , both man try to h , ether in a confine space until the stall partitio £oye like domino . they fall into the shower room . oye 1 k like a madman until finally bond 2 ) into the basin , now overflow with water . old he under until the body stop writhe and tee ) not a clean kill by any mean . he let the ater lide to the floor , step back , consider the d maat ing he for make this feel so much like ... ny E 11 int . modern orftgg night 11 my ay . bond dryden ae you feel it , do he ? ( see the truth in ry bond 's eye ) well , no worry , the second be -- bond raise he silence walther and fire , cut off the word before they reach drydan 's lip . bond yes. considerably . bond holster he weapon and head for the door . 12 int . cricket ground - restroom -- day 12 bond head to retrieve he gun . sense movement . glimpsis Fisher 's reflection , aim a pistol at bond 's back . frame against white tile , bond whirlszand fire one shot from the walther , we be look along : the inside of the barrel of Fisher 's gun . oo 12 13 14 be issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 4 . continued : 12 Red blood start to flow down the screen . this be the iconic James bond logo . MAIN title 13 photo from bond 's cv , include he stint in the sas , intercut with a high tech printing press . the sequence end with crime scene photo of the two killing , drydan and Fisher . after each kill , bond 's id badge be stamp with a 0 - until it be laminate as 007 . a hand place the id badge in the folder with the photo and the unseen clerk carry it off into the bowel of mi6 . ext , jungle camp ~ uganda -- day &&y 14 superimpose : gulu , uganda . pour be ace be overrun with rag , battle - scar oo £ a rebel army . a great majority of they be chi turbingly thin , gome as young as ten , everyone of mis jarme . a few boast carbine , but most carry machete low one of the youngest carry two bottle la cola run through the mud until he disappear sy dark shack @y y 's 15 the boy hand the sete in a man silhouett against the window . call he eat he thanks the boy in he native tongue ; the eam and sit at he foot . ns qobanno hand a co to a man hide in the shadow , he dark , gold - riyme ass glint . call he mr. white . obanno loo t , the open window and we see he face and understand , né be the fear leader of the Lord 's ay ) . he gaze at the twin Star helicopter in obanno I think the Lord want I to have a twin Star . mr . white take it . it 's unguard . obanno ( laugh ) with only a army to protect I ? I value my life , thank you . ( gtroke the boy 's hair ) last week I tell this boy the Lord be displease with he parent . he slit they throat . now I know I can trust what he give I to drink . how do I trust this man that I have never meet with we money ? sone ? ise ? 15 16 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 5 . continued : 15 mr . white you ask for the introduction . that 's all I guarantee . Three suv pull up in the distance . out of the first step a man we will come to know as le chiffre . bodyguard climb out of the rear two and remain by they vehicle . int . dark shack -- later 16 obanno sit next to he grizzle lieutenant , flanke by some of the fiercest - look rebel one would ever want to see . the room be dark , the light fight 60 way in through the crack in the board that cov window that run the length of the room . obanno , ; @ peross the long table at Le chiffre , who do not Zs , un le chiffre £\ '' . ) we friend will have tolt of o " that I have provide reliabfé . & ming service for many othe fyeedom fighter over the | a y do you believe ao Mr. Le chi fire ? & ces no . AK oa ave in a reasonable rate on turn . Le chist eldeg , thie be the wrong answer and clearly do not oe ss obanno smile . no & J obanno Lee want no risk in the portfolio . on ye 4 ) ) le chiffre ss agreed . obanno nod and three metal box be place on the table . one of the man open the close box , display the money . Le chiffre take a hit from a inhaler . obanno and I can access it anywhere in the world ? le chiffre ( hand he a business card ) I have location at most major airport . '' sse '' 17 18 19 20 21 22 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 6 . ext . jungle camp -- moment later 17 Le chiffre climb into he suv as he bodyguard load the metal box into the center one , int . suv 18 as they move off valenka , Le chiffre 's beautiful Russian bodyguard , dial a satellite phone . valenka ( into phone ) one moment . LA she hand the ph to Le chiff qa es . € cs e hand phone to Le iffre og , le chiffre '' yy '' ( into phone ) lox I have the money . mo eapie million share . ~*~ alina ? tint , stockbroker' office - day 19 a dignify , grey-haire agi sit behind a large mahogany desk . we can see St. P. " 's " @athedral out the window . gee Sir , ow you be betting against reo no one expect this stk Shee to go anywhere but up . int . suv se ny 20 sy ? e wd le chiffre e ex ( hang up ) L yf ss ust do it . ql ee shack 21 Mr. hite watch as the suv be swallow up by the jungle . ext . commune - madagascar -- day 22 super : madagascar , we be watch a fight to the death between a cobra and a mongoose . the arena be a derelict empty swim pool ; the audience hundred of scream man , urging the animal on . Beyond this , a cluster of erewd shack and desert building , housing they near starve family . from a second floor we see a man look down at the spectacle . James bond , almost unrecognizable , part of scenery . he keep he eye on a dishevel young man amongst the excited crowd . the youth wear a small backpack and have a white livid burn scar on he right arm : carter , bond 's team mate be also in the crowd watch . ' sper ! 22 23 24 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 7. continued : 22 carter ( into hide microphone ) look like we man . he have burn scar on he right arm . bond I wonder if bomb maker be insure for thing like that ? two chirp . bomber flip open he cell phone , read what must be a short text message , then stand and push through the crowd head in Carter 's direction . Carter 's hand go to he earpiece . ©} onda to 's on tne see fr bond & stop touch you ear . nos C sorry ? realize he mistake | ae . bomber spot at he . spoak , he ate he aping into the pool and run . Carter race secee he draw he gun . bond see this . sop ik ' oody gun away ! I need ive , Carter jump in the pool , trip and fall headlong onto to ie the gun fire wildly in the air , send the : ee panic , people diving in all direction . isvalready racing down a alley , through the shack , or the jungle beyond . bond have take a short cut @ roof , leap down , be right behind he , ext . jungle -- day 23 bomber leap over the hulk of a burnt out car , he agility amazing . bond try to keep up but be lose ground . ext . construction site -- day 24 emerging from the foliage , bomber almost collide with a rusty chain link fence . behind it , a large building under conatruction . he be over the fence in a flash . bond follow , lag behind ; cut off as a diqger pass in front of he . bomber be now through a gate , drop behind a stack of girder , he pull a gun , look back . nothing . suddenly a foreman 's hut in front of he disintegrate . ae scene 24 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 8. continued : 24 it 's bond drive the digger at full speed , come straight for bomber . bomber shoot , shatter the windshield . but bond do not flinch , a ruthless determination drive he on . bomber run for the building , the digger charge over the girder , catch he up . behind they , a security vehicle race through the gate , siren scream . climb to the first floor level of the building , bomber barely make it as bond ram the digger 's bucket into the concrete floor , tear it up , right behind bomber leg . the digger stall and bond leap through the shattered windshield and climb the arm . he duck as bullet ricochet off the metal . bomber , have stall bond , climb the I we 'a , framework . two security man run towar ~ he shoot one , send the other diving for cov my he climb the girder , move incredibly foot ys vitig a amazing display of '' free run '' , C bond , realize he be go to - J éyhim , run up the arm of a mobile crane , leap ey ei a land on top of a stairwell , four floor up . bomber reach the fift . ey '' find he path block by angry worker . one to of he , swinging a wrench . bomber kick he in the ae shing he back against a upright . he boaneeke Beast plunging off the structure , drag a well poy of with he . his body ricochet off a girder and crashé& to the ground . the welding rig land next to ham , yee g. cylinder explode in a ball of flame . now bond id get near , run across narrow girder , floor . a e danger . bomber have climb to the top floor . es more security man charge across the roof . to~ '' see bond , gun in hand , climb a upright , oo self up onto he level . bomber fire at bond beek behind the upright for protection , drop he gun he do so , with the security man close in , bomber leap through the air , landing on a huge slab of concrete , be lower into position from a 200 foot crane . bond haul himself back up , see bomber climb like a monkey up the wire cable , head for the top of the crane . bond make the precarious leap onto the concrete block . crowd of worker be rivete by the spectacle . they watch ag bond go after bomber , two small speck hundred of foot in the air . bomber be at the top , climb into the arm , bond know he have to get up there fast so he kick the quick release lever on the side of the pulley mechanism . the concrete slab drop away , release the tension on the cable which rocket upwards , take bond with it . when it reach top , he grab onto the metal rib of the arm . eae nece '' 24 25 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 9. continued : ( 2 ) 24 the concrete slab shatter as it hit the ground . bomber see bond right behind he , climb out onto the top of the arm . he raise he gun aim for bond 's head , pull the trigger . '' click '' . bond learn to count . bomber hurl the empty gun at bond , who catch it , throw be straight back , hit he between the eye , drop he . bond go for he but be kick back into the metal strut . they fight like man possess , neither give any quarter , two hundred foot up . one slip and ey would plunge to they death . bomber finally sm &h bond 's head against the ironwork , stun he . ach the moment to leap off the crane arm , over a 30 £ \énto the 's enough , he ié '' building , another t . bomber pick arm of a second crane below . if that now jump from there onto the rock ge yawn gap . bond can hardly beliave himself up and '' free run '' over é se 's of sloping roof , put a barrier between he pr I pyrsue security man . ing it , landing awkwardly now bond do the jump , ba onto the second crane . hi csr to the roof be even worse , careen off the top of + shaft , fall heavily onto the roof . bombe ace down a set of stair , swing cst uild , land en the floor I across the outside ( of beyond . he pull yj euptly . come at he from the other side be baddy - xelentless as ever . bomber charge tow nos a empty elevator shaft , run down a side walk , nick off the back and land on the floor below . bond 198 's down a stairway , cut he off . this time bo be nowhere to go , so he jump out of the buildi nm a rise construction elevator four floor bej.ow re there he jump to the ground and race off . 3 to onto a scissor lift . grabbing a wrench he masfe ) the high pressure hose , drop the lift at frightén speed . before it reach the ground , he 's leapt off , run after bomber . ext . busy road / security -- day 25 two truck be at a security gate wait to pull into heavy traffic . bomber run past they , head out the gate ; bond emerge behind he . speed car block bomber 's path , in a breathtaking show of agility he jump the hood of one onto the roof of another , then across to yet another go in the opposite direction , turn up a side road . no such antic for bond . vehicle slam on they brake , swerve wildly as he recklessly navigate the road . bomber jump off he car and run around a corner , bond see a van turn the same way , jump on the back of it . nowe 26 27 28 29 30 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 10 . ext . the nambutu embassy -- day 26 bomber show he id to a security guard at the gate . he 's oblivious to the approach van with bond cling on the back . as he pass , bond see bomber head up the drive towards the embassy building . he curse under he breath ; make a decision . climb onto the roof , he launch himself over the concrete wall , land amongst the shrubbery in the embassy garden . Rolling onto one knee , look back at the security gate . all quiet . glancing up he see security camera attach to the building . he move off . int . ambassador 's office -- day 27 2 on ) 2 party conversation in mid flow , a d military a' you do not work for we " es get out ! ) bomber ~~ wr just hide I ! ms sy bond burst through the kor dha head for the bomber . MI ' ary attache this be t ant embassy ! you a so ‘yy bond bond of in in the stomach , drop he . the attache shaun but two lightning blow from bond stop ying up the gun he grab the retching bomber by sy of the neck , haul he out the door onto a above a courtyard . the attache hit the alarm klaxon wail . int . embassy balcony / stair -- day 28 dragging bomber with he , bond see guard run into the courtyard below . embassy employee bolt from they office . int . embassy security room -- day 29 two guard grab they weapon , head for the door . on the cctv screen we see bond haul bomber . ext , embassy balcony -- day 30 bond turn a corner , gee the guard appear at the far end of the balcony . between they be some scaffold , erect over a flight of stair go down to the courtyard . Neo ! 30 31 32 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 11 . continued : 30 bond throw bomber to the floor as one of the guard start fire . two blast from bond 's gun and newly install pipe work next to the shooter 's head rupture . Water explode , engulf the hapless man . the soldier have now reach the top of the stair on the opposite side . they can not see bond and bomber because they be lie below the level of the solid wooden banister that surround the balcony . that do not stop they . they open up , shatter the wood and glass partition above the banister . Glass rain down on bond and bomber . bond see soldier in the courtyard run to the staircase below he . grabbing some rope tie off to the scaffold , he knot it around a bundle of copper piping , kick it over th balcony . the weight of the piping tear of the scaffold , bring it crash down soldier come up the stair . bond , front of he , run through the sugg be and push he through a door . no int , admin office -- day € 31 a large busy room . mostly we ge cretary , typist , etc , bond fire he gun i air , send everyone scream and yell to oe he hurl bomber through a window , bounce he bof onto the ground below , lose he backpack ie ) way down . ext , service arer 32 in second bond join he , scoops up the backpack , grab the ex and head for the metal gate at the rear . at 's leg suddenly give out and he collapse to the gro ond lift he up as he hear the sound of of bim ) face they be at least a dozen soldier , bond be finish and bomber know it . weapon | 8 he turn , hold bomber in front e , we . re smile and spit in bond 's face . he walk away , turn . bomber ( taunting ) what 's you name ? huh ? I be never there when they die . I do not get to know the name , I want to know who die here today . bond the name 's bond . what 's yours ? bomber mollaka . bond see ? you already have you answer , bond fire into the surprised man 's chest . 32 33 34 35 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 12 . continued : 32 before the body hit the ground , he fire again , hit the side of a calor gas bottle , one of many stashed in a cage nearby . the cylinder explode , blast other bottle in all direction , detonate some as they fly through the air . Soldiers dive for cover , some flung back by the blast from the fireball . when it 's over they slowly stagger up . one of they be the military attache we see earlier . as he move forward , surveying the wreckage , we focus on a cctv camera bolt to the fence . the attache peer through the smoke look for bond . he 's nowhere to be see . ext . embassy -- day 33 another alley , pull bomber 's wallet and p& hy m the bond jump from a wall , head down a alley rn down backpack . in the wallet he find henne ) os a play card rip in half , the queen of hea ie stuff it into he pocket and check the carpe one text message , one word : '' go recent message . a , os on unsure of its meaning , he en darkness as the emergency siren grow lethe louder . sy sunset 34 meee ? ext , le chiffre be cc a a beautiful 110 foo tethere alongsidé seeker at anchor , a motor launch int , le ae a '' acht - deck salon -- continuous 35 a ae wue a stoom that host a high stake poker game . madame tiaccly chinese woman , throw in she card . now th just two man battle for the pot . oh phe ' dab he eye with a handkerchief , which stain he touch . he notice the other remain player , a vebit croatian General , look : le chiffre my dear General . weeping blood come merely from a derangement of the tear duct - nothing sinister . the General blanch . le chiffre push in all he chip . le chiffre ( cont 'd ) all in . but I only have two pair , and you have a full 17.4 percent chance of make you straight . the General try to read Le chiffre , can not . he throw in he card . Le chiffre pull the chip ronan he . kratt , Le chiffre 's dangerous look henchman , approach and whisper in he ear , Le chiffre rise with a smile . 36 37 38 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 13. int , le chiffre's yacht - bedroom 36 Le chiffre bang the door open , he smile go . kratt step into the doorway as Le chiffre find the laptop open on he desk to cnn.com . le chiffre when do ellipsis expire ? kratt we have less than 36 hour . I can call and -- le chiffre no . it 's all the time I have x anyway . give we guest five - ny & minute to leave or toss the '' ) < sn overboard . close on laptop just before he bang it clos " british agent execute E a blurry high angle photo 37 ext , newsstand - oe a3 ey the papers boast_he ! oo like " we secret murder squad " -- with freeze fr tr the high angle security camera of a fuzzy bond , gum aim at a man with he hand in the air -- then the folhqwing sframe of the shot fire and the bomber fall . ou tack fall into frame , the same photo -- " mi6 onele 5 d prisoner . " rise up to she ; the ho parliament ; the familiar icon now hide inal sy as skirt . a 1 son of common -- private corridor ~~ day 38 the door bang open and m stride out , red-face . villier , a aide , have to scramble to keep up with she , he have never see she this angry ; the word fly out she mouth . as she strut down the hall toward the exit the committee member spill out of the door in the background . m ( fast and furious : ) who the hell do they think they be ?! I report to the Prime Minister , and even he be smart enough not to ask I what we do . have you ever see such a pile of self - righteous , ass -cover prig ?! they do not care what we do , they care what we get photograph do . ( more ) 38 39 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 14 . continued : 38 m ( cont 'd ) ( as if it 's villier ' fault : ) and how the hell could bond be so stupid ?! I give he double 0 status and he celebrate by shoot up a embassy ?! be the man derange ?? and where the hell be he ?! in the old day if a agent do something so embarrassing he would have the good sense to defect . Christ , I miss the cold War . and she slam out through the exit door . oc . sey @ ny w& 39 op keyboard . int . house -- night in a darken room , finger pre close on screen : ew a ) a image of a cell phone acognp iss a mass of detail . a hand pull a SIM card for , kee 's phone and insert it in a reader attach to top someone be enact 's data on the text message ' ellipsis ' . first display be the sender 's cell phone number ; wae ' number unregistered ! . finger tap ry : have all activity of number ! on screen , ses to tell we : incoming call : 0 . outgoing : oo. sms sms send : 1 . handshakes : 18.57pm JULY 6 obpm sone 6 , 19.12 pm JULY 6 . local cell time - ass through - on the Bahamas . bond call up a 3d zoom closer on that zone : a road pass through they , lead to only one place - a country club . fi @ zoom into the three pulsing cellular zone the ho : map bond insert a memory stick and copy the zone map and related document . hear a noise in the hall he quickly pocket the memory stick and close the laptop . footstep outside , then it open to reveal m , a newspaper under she arm . she look to see : bond sit at the bridge table , close to the desk , expertly shuffle card , flipping they back and forth , under : m you have get a bloody cheek . issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 15 . 39 bond sorry . next time I '1l shoot the camera first m or yourself ! you storm into a embassy ! you violate the only absolutely inviolate rule of international relationship ! and why ? so you could kill a nobody ! we need to question he , not kill he . for God 's sake , you be suppose to display some sort of -@ judgment ! qy on bond sn oq I mistakenly think one le sa maker in the world man ee ing . m exactly : one bombma try to find oaitt 2 rie je be network of arya oup be finance and he we one bombmaker ! the big picture , would not tele 2 } the man be not deve ae gger finger we have no idea wh hire he or why ! sagen ly realize ) pow the hell do you find where I live ? a _ ' the same way I find out you name . ' ywhen you recruit I I think m be a randomly assign letter , I have no idea it stand for -- even a ue pel ver ! he 's a gun for hire , ever to you over - m ~- utter another syllable and I will have you kill . I know it be too early to promote you . bond well I understand double os have a very short life expectancy , so one can hope you mistake be not long - live . m at least there will not be any question who to bury . you be a secret agent , for God 's sake ! can you at least ( more ) issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 16 . 39 continued : ( 2 ) 39 m ( cont 'd ) try not to tell every single person you meet you real name ?! do you have any idea how hard it be to keep it out of the international press ? bond understood . I should have stick to my cover , Mr. Sandy bizet , fashion buyer. ( regard newspaper ) " fashion buyer kill terrorist " . that may just have fool they . oe 4 a m see she be never go to make a de RA D senor , try a different tact . ie blunt instrument to Mt tand , but arrogance and areness seldom go hand - 5g ( amused ) , '' eo so , I s. KS alf monk , half hitman ? & m gow bond , this may be too ae rarr on kill . I need you to uur ego out of the equation ge the situation @ ssionately . I have to know I of trugt you , and that you know & of to trust . and since I do not yknow that , I need you out of my sight . go and stick you head in the sand somewhere and think about you future . ( be : newspaper ) because this bastard want you head . and I be seriously consider feed you to they . {ag bond exit ) and bond , .. ( he pause , look ) do not ever break into my house again . ) bond would not dream of it , " m " . he exit as m burn , she sit at she desk , open she laptop . and only now wonder if she laptop be the real reason bond be here . 40 41 42 43 44 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 17 . ext . sea plane - port - grand bahamas -~ day 40 superimpose : nassau , grand bahama island . a sea plane land and taxi toward a small terminal . Beyond we see the gleam atlantis HOTEL . ext . terminal -- day 41 the door open and passenger disembark from the plane . bond step off and roll up the sleeve of he white shirt and take in the view . expensive boat cross the harbor ; one of they be le chiffre's SUN seeker , glide under the two bridge that connect nassau with mo ext . two lane road - grand bahama -- mn a ) 42 cn ane blacktop . [ eld display a the route of the cell James swerve around the corner of th lying on the seat next to he be / a the map he copy from m 's comput 's phone that texted the bomber . ess ext . " one and only " manny bs day 43 bond pull up among swan . * couple of attractive woman carry tennis be ( eis he a second look . he hand he key to the rahp ey also wear a white shirt and black pants . vheelvaip vay drive around the corner . bond stall , ty&z a sy shoe , glance up and spot several surveillance camé 5 . a jaguar pull up and a fat , arrogant ort step out and spot bond . german in Te ic fat german ease go to take this or make x ) ea bond ©) right away , sir . wait ? the fat man toss bond the key and disappear inside the casino . bond glance down the line of car park out front , include the one mark Security near the end . he drop into the jaguar and pull out . bond circle a row of prestigious car , turn and back at high speed into a wooden guard rail , crack it and slamm it into the bumper of the row of park car . a dozen car alarm scream at once . bond step out and walk to the entrance . people spill out , no one pay any attention to the man on the sidewalk . bond mount the front step . int . one and only country club -- day 44 bond enter the club , pass other who be run out in response to they car alarm . two security guard barrel out of a back corridor . as the guard disappear out the front door , James slip down they corridor , mae '' 44 45 46 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 18 , continued : 44 he stop at the security office door -- check the handle . lock . he jimmy it . int . one and only , security room -- day 45 bond enter , lock the door behind he and put he handheld on the desk and turn to the monitor . on one screen , the security guard be deal with the scream fat man and the other car owner out front . bond quickly locate the dvd library , find a disc label JULY 06 , feed it into a machine and jump to 7:13 pm . eZ on there computer screen : ee ) versus NY simultaneous feed from several canerag :s ne & ttles through the footage as people come and ( go}\ * a elderly woman , a kissing couple , then a sie aston Martin pull up . a beautiful woman we will co know as solange climb out of the passenger side * avwan we will call dimitrios step out the driver !s* dogr . he flip close he cell phone . bond freezesvt image and look at the time stamp - 7:14 , 22 . hec 's handheld -- the phone call end at 7:14 :22 pm , é dy bond throw one more ae the freeze screen , then glance up at the live monfto 8 's one of the security guard be no longer visible . iyslip out of the office . int . one and onli '' country club -- continuous 46 bond head bid gown the hall . the security guard turn the corner lana me toward he . > ns o se ) ) bond cx ) ac '' deg you find who do it ? ly ©) security guard ss bloody valet . bond ( still walk ) I find that hard to believe . they pass and bond turn into the main entrance hall and approach the front desk and choose the pretty female clerk , receptionist check in , sir ? bond yes . spur of the moment thing , do not make a reservation . 46 47 48 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 19 . continued : 46 receptionist ( check computer ) we have a bay view suite ... bond perfect. ( hand over credit card ) and you can do I a favor . I be here for dinner last night and I park my car next to a beautiful 1964 aston Martin , and I be ashamed to say I nick the door . you ple would not happen to know ... '' ae & I receptionist as , fz Mr. dimitrios . G ex ( eos bond oc ) Greek gentleman ? € sy '' qd ne 6 receptio (? ts american . very . NY ( lean in ) ey , tf he have not 2 ad , I be not sure I would mention at. 's not the type to take ba efe ye 1 . ox ~ but if feel compel to find ss hi k oe receptionist cy have a home just up the beach . way h=- late afternoon 47 bo sip out of the water . a quick glance down the beach rev solange riding through the surf on a magnificent horse . she slow and dismount at she house . bond offer a smile . she return it without think , then lead she horse , disappear . bond look up in time to see dimitrios step onto he balcony and gaze out at the bay beyond . int . bond' HOTEL room -- early evening ab he towel off from he shower and use he computer to search a secure website database for dimitrios . he have a hit : alex dimitrios , officially list as a government contractor in Iraq , Afghanistan , chechneya , rwanda , Nicaragua , El salvador , go back to the 70 . Dealer in arm , information , tie to death squad and right wing paramilitary group . 4g 50 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 20 . int . mi6 hot room -- at that moment ( night in britain ) 49 villier stand over a computer operator , a phone to he ear . int . m's bedroom -- at that moment ( night ) 50 she wake and answer . m what ? villier cl he 's in the Grand Bahamas . C sy y villier an ) he 's logge into we , ' cue website . ( now the bad net NY use you name ps a word . au es ) how the a etan know this ) nd suvillier est to find -- & I will adtey } m goth be waste you time . ( a8 's he look at ? ons 5 ef r-own bedside computer to life and play catch - = m UW . ( ) villier Alex dimitrios , m that slimy bugger ? m 's screen change in sync with villier ' and bond' action which we see intercut . villier ... and now know associate , most decease . on m's screen : a old photo of le chiffre , list along with a dozen aliase , the red stamp over the photo read execute , 1998 - iraq . some ed 50 51 52 53 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 21 . continued : 50 m ...le chiffre . int . one and only country club - casino -- evening 51 bond weave through the crowd ; no tuxedo in vacation casinos anymore , he sport a simple polo shirt . he spot the high roller section , recognize dimitrios . bond saunter over and place a large stack of chip on the table . bond mind if I join you ? '' ye no one speak . bond be deal in as he si a. ( ope notice that dimitrios use he aston Martin ke protect can chip and lucky he hole card : a he card . the other player similar coin to protect theirs . bond larkg pair of king . dimitrios bet . dimitrios five hundred . as no the player to bond 's rig aXe . bond feign disappointment and toss ah S / card in . later : a cq '' 52 on ss dimitrios , ee as a bond win another pot . '' third player kepaseruct ion . yourself ? @ os bond ( o '' import - export , what about you , . i oa dimitrios ? dd \y imitrios '' ) dimitrios deal . as they start another hand , bond eye solange drift toward they table . she join dimitrios , kiss he on the head . dimitrios ( cont 'd ) if that be for luck , you be two hour late . stung , solange move off to the bar , hide she humiliation . bond watch she as they play . later : 53 dimitrios , almost out of chip , wait for the river ( last ) card to be turn over - only he and bond be in the pot . a king turn up . 53 54 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 22 . continued : 53 dimitrios all in . no. twenty thousand . he bring out a checkbook . dealer table stake - I be sorry , sir . dimitrios grab he key ring . dimitrios this be on the table - I will bet this . it 's worth at least what he , have . dealer I be sorry , Mr. dimitrios . bond ( push in he p a ) it 's alright - give ajchance to get even . ans ? dimitrios throw in he ( en - triumphantly turn over a pair of king - three {i ‘al bond flip up a pair of ace - with one '' sae wy the board - three ace - bond win . dimitrios op the key . eve he bad luck . bond take bond ( cont 'd ) palet ticket ? laie and toss it to he . a attendant a note . he read it as bond stack he pebog , turn and walk to he wife , at the bar , who sra ) she purge . bond watch as he say something to ife and leave on he own . she wait a moment , not know what to do , try to save face , then pay for she drink and exit , ext . one and only country club -- night 54 solange wait at the curb . the valet pull up in the aston Martin and she instinctively open the passenger door . bond open the driver 's side and solange realize she mistake . solange ah , no wonder he be in such a foul mood . my mistake . she close she door and step back . issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 23 . 54 continued : 54 bond . can I give you a lift home ? solange that would really send he over the edge , would not it ? I be afraid I be not that cruel . bond perhaps you be just out of practice . solange laugh . consider . 2 solange oy perhaps . Ze t dd SE bond ©) then perhaps we could a no at my place . cc ~ or . ww . you place ?. of p very . & S GE N one drighs= ae ns at she drop into t ssenger seat , bond gun the engine , drive around the rele and stop es , ey ? bond J ever so humble . ec " open she car doer , solange laugh . 55 gc sta -- night 55 eoyioe dimitrios off . he 's meet by kratt . 56 ext . le chiffre's yacht -- night 56 kratt show dimitrios onto the yacht , where valenka wait topside . she show he below , prelap : dimitrios ( v.o. ) I be have a hard time see how this be my fault , 57 int , le chiffre's yacht - deck salon -- continuous 57 : dimitrios '' mr it 's you plan , all I do be get you the man . 57 58 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 24 . continued : 57 kratt join they , a menace presence in any room . le chiffre a man who be under surveillance by the british secret service . which make I wonder if I should trust you at all . dimitrios do I a favor , stop play tough guy . if you be go to kill I you would not be talk so much . ( beat ) I have someone else willing to qa the job . he just need the oq particular . and payment . ask Le chiffre stare at he , make ( tsi cy he take a card from a deck on the table , oe fee spade , rip it in two and hand one half of the¢ oi of dimitrios . le chi the money be wai 2 's the same place . int . bond' HOTEL ao cs ) / night 58 solange and bond a edroom floor ; she still in bra aring a unbuttone shirt . and heel , himsst aen bond ay gdn . solange sa just think what it would be e if we undress . by up at he , lie over she . she smile , amused . solange ( cont 'd ) why do I think that you have be in this position before ? you like marry woman , do not you , James ? bond it keep thing simple . solange ( playfully ) what be it about bad man ? you , my husband ... I have go many chance to be happy , so many nice guy . why can not nice guy be more like you ? issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 28 . 58 continued : 58 bond then they would be ... bad . solange yes , but so much more interesting . bond what make you husband a bad man ? solange his nature , I suppose . she begin kissing he again . é '' 1g bond ee '' ) the nature of he work ? ey o solange a mystery , I be afraid . afraid you sleep with to get to he . cxs C bond how afraid ? or not ae -— solange startski she way down he chest and lower . as bond gaa zor | you something personal ? oo , solange & q ( move lower ) be would seem a appropriate time . to on p ss yy bond ny do " ellipsis " mean anything to you ? solange Three dot . a pause . you be not try to tell I you be tired , be you ? her cell phone ring . she see it 's she husband . solange ( cont 'd ) should I ask he about it ? bond perhaps later . she answer it , still lie under bond . 58 59 60 61 62 63 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 26 . continued : ( 2 ) solange yes , dear ?... ( kiss James ' neck ) no , I understand . see you tomorrow . ( hang up , kiss bond ) apparently he 's go to Miami , so you have all night to question I . bond in that case , we will need more champagne . bond stand and walk to the phone in the she roll over and watch he . bond sp i bond ( cont 'd ) ke wy yes , bond , suite 119 . poe ) oe chill bollinger r.d.s 4 she get up and head for the hb samy bond agonths ) and beluga cavi coie chop egg and onion , rs ma 1ofe ) ) ond ( cont 'd ) the bathroom door ext . HOTEL light bond hop 's eg the beautiful aston and take off . int : miami freeway -- night rey es in the back seat , he eye on the cab in front . ee freeway -- night City light stretch out ahead , as the first cab pass under a floodlit sign : downtown miami . int . cab -- night dimitrios sit in the back , expressionless . next to he lie a zip bag . ext . science CENTER -- night it 's busy . a huge sign over the facade read body world exhibition . the cab pull to the curb and dimitrios step eut hold the zip bag . as he pay the fare the second cab pull in . bond step out and hand the driver some money . iv no room . ky at the phone : 58 59 60 61 62 63 63 64 65 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 27 . continued : 63 bond wait here . he follow dimitrios into the building . int . science CENTER lobby -- night 64 a vast area , crowded even though it 's late at night . Signs for the body World exhibit boast that it be open 24 hour . bond step up to the ticket kiosk , watch dimitrios hand he overcoat and zip bag to the coat check girl . bond watch she hang up the coat and hand he '' he follow dimitrios down the stair to rape below . int . body world exhibit oy 65 Dark , with pool of light ae various grouping , body cut and expose , mnw41 they gory glory . the cadaver be pose in ever ee getting , without velvet rope or any other sort of S spp ecee they and the gawk crowd . Bend follow dimitrios ll dimitrios pause at a poker table , four sé biaver mid-game . , dimitrios slip a cell phone from ‘( g09 type a text message then put it away . dimitsdd : sjeasually drop something onto the poker table , s@ai a nearby face , then weave through the crowd head sonera the exit . bond do not follow . instead he Si E ae to the poker table , close enough to see the coat cheek tag sit atop one of the hand on the repte a " keeper " . bond move on without pause and 8 rr so spot a distance off to watch . a' up to the poker exhibit and inspect the body , bs ) I touch , or even seem to notice , the tag . non Zenge something beside he , turn -- just in time -- slip under the arm that hold a stiletto that be mean for he back and grab dimitrios 's wrist , twist it , force the knife back towards he stomach . they remain lock , a test of strength , neither face betray any effort . all this amongst crowd of people , totally unaware of the drama be play out in front of they . bond suddenly glance away , diverting dimitrios 's attention , then turn he with a arm lock , thrust the knife into he back . take he by the shoulder he sit he down on a seat . join he , bond pull the cell phone from the dead man 's pocket - flip it open and check for send message , just one . ellipsis bond scan the face around the poker exhibit -- then look down at the table -- and see that the tag be go ! 65 66 67 68 69 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 28 . continued : 65 bond run , get to the cloak room no one in line , look to the spot where dimitrios ' coat be hang ; it 's go , along with the zip bag . panicked , bond run to entrance and look outside 66 where hundred of dark figure come and go , many in overcoat . bond struggle with the think of lose he prey ... suddenly flash on the answer . he gig into he pocket and pull out ... dimitrios ' cell phone of he ear and 8 dark - coat '' phone to he ear . flip it open and hit redial . watch the crowd . one ring . tw '' yy man' vj ee ov what ? ue aya bond hang up , already AG ) the man toss thi eh the trash bin and scan the street behind he . ye carlo . he hop into a cab . bond follow . 4 ext . miami i por 'd ; " - concourse - night 67 Cars , buse pnd ! pesble . it 's busy . a cab pull in . carlos get out eg g the zip bag and pay the cabbie . bond 's ie way behind . he slip the driver a hundred the ; follow carlos into the terminal . minal build - night 68 carld feed a ticket into a electric check - in machine . he take the board pass , move away . bond cross to the same machine , insert he nassau return ticket , glance at carlos who be stand at the window of a money exchange . int / ext . money exchange - night 69 carlos hand over the half card ( the five of spade ) to the teller , who pick up a leather bag , open it , revealing a wad of bank note . from a inside pocket he pull out the other half and join it to the one in he hand . a perfect match . he pass over the bag and carlos move away head for '' departure '' . bond , follow , see he hand it off to a blonde girl as she brushes past he . ignoring she , bond stay with carlos , see 70 71 t1a 71b 72 73 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 29 . int . departure area - security - night 70 stepping up to the metal detector , carlos suddenly '' remember '' that he be carry he key ring - hand it to the security guard who check it . hanging from the ring be a tiny flashlight . in a adjacent line , bond be have he board pass check . ( the reason he buy the ticket ) . he watch carlos step through the detector , without set off the alarm . the guard hand he back he key . he retrieve the coat and zip bag from the x - ray machine as bond move through the metal detector . int . airport shopping mall - night of 71 people everywhere . bond keep sight of rf :) now walk into a duty free emporium . he fase he on thes of perfume on display . bond gaze up at bis ) parture screen act '' normal '' , but not before ae svat en he reflect al in one of the display 's vanity m 's a passenger cart cross in front of bond , moment , lock he vision . when it clear , he quarry have , - v hed . not wy jia int . menswear shop - wet carlos go into a chant 1d om and close the curtain , he unzip the bag , eee a security uniform . ll - night 71b int . airport auooe bond scan the people move to and increasingly wor . hed , for in ec higvey . then he notice the zip bag in the hand | ' the , menswear shop assistant , look for its owner . pen and clothes be bulg out the top . bond iookg ) '' repst ~- nothing unusual - passenger , shopping fora , aches security man . then the other . head es door across the other side be a security aiEference be he 's not wear a side - arm . bond guieely but carlos be at the door , punch a keypad . 's it and go through . the door swing shut leave bond '' strand . int . admin area - night 72 carlos move past office down a long corridor . he step back to allow a mail cart to pass - glance back at the '' no access '' door . int . airport shopping mall - night 73 struggle to contain he frustration , bond 's eye settle en the keypad next to the door . he pull out dimitrios 's cellphone , bring up '' ellipsis '' , punch the letter into the keypad - the door open and he be through . a issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 30 . 74 74a 75 76 77 78 78a int . admin area - second corridor - night 74 turn into another corridor , carlos pass a couple of security officer walk the opposite way . he look up , see a cctv monitor . the image show bond walk down the long corridor he have just come from . carlos quicken he pace ... int . security area - night 774a ... and move down some stair , see security man come out of a locker room . opposite be a canteen . clearly this be where the security department be hagse é more stair lead down to the outside where security vel es eg be park up , they driver , smoking and chat . we cd ~ int , admin area - corridor - night @ ) yyy 75 bond call on he handheld as he we 8 ) bond € it 's bond for she . aos be 16 as int . boiler room - night , carlos enter , switch = he light , grab a broom and place the handle glass bulb of a fire sprinkler - he smashes it . '' int . villier 's villier see in front of he computer . m approach er office and snatch up villier 's desk phone . e@ = - morning 77 yy villier see 's at Miami airport . q ye ( into phone ) do you have any idea ...?! int . corridor / office - night 78 Fire alarm scream , water gush out of the sprinkler . bond take the phone from he ear , run towards the security area but freak employee spill into the corridor block he way . int . stairway / locker room - night 78a drenched security man run out of the locker room and canteen , head upstairs to help evacuate the area . the man from outside jain in . one man seem completely unfaze by the chaos . issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 31 . 738a 78b 79 79 a 79b continued : 78a carlos calmly go into the locker room , take a gun from amongst the discard clothes and equipment , put it in he belt . int . corridor - leading to security area ~ night 78b panick people barge past bond . he 's move against the tide , struggle to make headway . now the security man have arrive , yell at everyone to stay calm . nobody 's listen . bond may hear m 's voice but he choose to ignore it . m ( over the phone ) q bond ! bond ! ce of ) int / ext . stair / locker se nnt va 79 Security vehicle screech to a one as the security man be run up , carte go down . bond be now at the top of the stair ~~ inst the wall , let the man rush past , try bs nprane of carlos . the spraying water make it no ossible . x be ndheld ) byoody phone to '' eell I what the hell ' sy bond into handheld ) arm have be trigger , kler be on , something 's there 's no target here . ss m S 5 what do you mean there 's no target ? it 's a airport , that be a target ! outside security area - night t9a carlos be move to one of the abandon security car . int . security area - stair ~- night 79b bond move down the stair , bond there 's no sign of a fire . this be a diversion . something else be happen here M. bond see carlos get in the car . he charge down , take the stair two at a time . as he race through the door , the car speed away , its blue light still flash . 80 81 82 83 84 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 32 . ext . hangar on far side of airfield - night 80 the hangar door be open revealing the nose of a huge gleam airliner . a temporary grandstand be be erect . cater vehicle be arrive , they id 's be check by security . int . villier 's office - morning 81 villier have find something on he computer . villier the boe 777 prototype . m what about it ? villier the large aeroplane tes aoe it 's be unveil to ; '' at ? Miami airport . ext . road near a line of wis ktrcrapt - night 82 2ae - g ) two fire engine scream est deveat bond pound down the side of the rae s? y ght 83 é ext . parked tee carlos pull up kt eo a fuel tanker stand beside a do haul jevlener the driver be connect the hose when '' on out . 4 S carlo eg this truck out of here ! it 's a lon '' ire emergency , can not you hear the kr je syalarm ? ! é the* rtle driver rewind the hose . carlos go to the truck 's petrol tank , open it and , unseen by the driver , take out the small torch we see on he key ring earlier . he twist the base , ignite a tiny red light , drop it into the tank . he pull out a cellphone . on the screen a equivalent red light flash . ext . tarmac - near road - night 84 bond have move onto the tarmac run under the park plane . behind he more fire engine and police car head for the emergency . he pull up , gasp for breath . pivote slowly , he scan the area , look for the security car . no sign , then he see it . the fuel tanker in the distance , blue light reflect in the cab window . the car be hide by the tanker but the reflection give it away . 85 86 87 88 89 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 33 . ext . parked jetliner - night 85 the tanker driver jump into the cab , start the engine . the passenger door open and carlos drop in beside he . before the driver can utter a word carlos break he neck . he open the door , kick the body onto the tarmac . put he gun and cellphone on the seat , carlos drive off ... ext . tarmac - night 86 ... head towards the runway . as the tanker pick up speed bond race to meet it . carlos see he , put he foot down . the tanker head towards a row off che launch h himself into the air and land on top of pehe ( eager . N ey '' bgo see bond through the back window wrench the wheel , weaving the tanker , try to thédw ' ain off . park mobile stairway . as it pass , bond charge up fe ) carlo iove to its gate , drive up onto it , run across carlos head straight for a wien je avoid be sweep off . under the wing . bond have = and jump back onto the tan } a as he land he lose he . ting , fall over the side , ee m barely hold on . carlos see manage to grab a atr this in he wing mis ead for a approach tow tug . he deliberately gcrape the side of it . bond have to let go or be crush - we sw he hit th eu d , roll and be on he foot run towards the stoppe ug , he throw the driver off , leap aboard and driv x the tanker , now head towards the '' live '' exg . ) ) - ' ar on other side of runway - night 87 ifig vehicle be be hook up to the airliner . outs2de , the activity have increase . Network tv van can be see , camera platform be be erect . ext . tarmac - night 88 bond maneuver alongside the tanker . carlos ram into the side of the tow tug . bond be almost throw off , recover , slam into the tanker , try to turn it away from the fast approach runway . carlos be hurl across the cab . the cell phone fall to the floor . he grab he gun , start fire down at bond . bond ram the tanker , throw carlos back . Security vehicle be racing towards the scene . ext . hangar on other side of runway - night 89 slowly the airliner be be tow out under the guidance of ground crew . 90 91 92 93 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 34 . ext . tarmac - night 90 cut in front of bond , carlos swerve around a row of freestand gangway . suddenly a move baggage train cross in front of he . the tanker hit it , dead center smash the cage , spraying luggage into the air . bond manage to steer around the front of the train , save the driver life . at the game moment a empty '' caterpillar '' bus go in the opposite direction cross he path . bond throw himself onto the floor . the tow tug go straight through the middle '' concertina '' section , cut the bug '' in two . the tanker emerge from the wreckage of the 33 e train hit the severe back half of the bus , sp{hn rape off to one side . the impact shatter the win : d} - 4nd cause the tanker to go into a sideways skid , 3 . exons carlos hit the starter , punch file ajeclerator , bond , seize the moment , be off the tg , vunning for the tanker . as it roar off he leap - oni the run board , get inside the cab . both m eb ¥t pummel each other . they be oblivious to the .. be : ( 2s. : : Security vehicle , now nina . gun shot ring out 3 as the man open ie een scream into he radio : '' a 0 : der hold 4eu ! but the dama : i \pne , fuel be spurting out bullet hole in the tank , on , ce other side of runway - night 91 oe / ) in ext . the - fli : y be almost out of the hangar . kr jen yy ? 6 ~< _yptuac - near runway - night 92 the denker be close to the runway . bond and carlos be fight in the confine space of the cab . carlos slam he against the break windshield . to he horror bond see a 747 touch down . they be on a collision course . as the tanker cross the runway , the frantic pilot just manage to lift the plane , skim the top of the tanker . the security vehicle have come to a halt , panicked by what they have just see . ext . hangar on other side of runway ~- night 93 Security man be yell instruction , tell the worker to move . the Chief Security Officer be listen to urgent instruction spilling from he radio . he can see the tanker head straight towards they . 93a 94 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 35 . ext . tarmac - night 93a carlos try to use he gun but bond smashes he hand against the dash loosen he grip . bond take it . carlos grasp bond 's wrist prevent he from fire . he gasp as bond grip he in a choke hold . despite this he make a deliberate move to steer the tanker towards the airliner . he smashes bond with he elbow and heave he through the shattered windshield . bond manage to cling onto the edge of the screen with one hand and still keep hold of the gun in the other . carlos thump he boot onto bond 's knuckle . he let go , almost drop under the tanker , manage to get a grip on the fender . with he leg china on the concrete he can barely hold on . a by flash past , the airliner rush towards he . carlos reach under the seat , feel ( / sp '' cell phone . bond aim under the tanker at ene e , shoot . it explode , the tanker weave . oe the wheel , keep control . bond blast the coher fas be , but still the tanker hold its course . marie oe Hand find the cell phone and pull it out . the pend on top of the airliner . he 's about to ibs button when bond shoot out the front tire . the tanker yaw wistenaley skid sideways , the wheel rim send up shower ( of ( spi carlos be hurl against the door , drop the hone 's . '' ine tanker grind to a halt , half a inch fre@ " rhe sairliner . reach in : e cab , pull out the cell phone , put he finger on ep ton . a shot ring out . a surprised look cross | ade . the door ope athe yf shattered carlos stagger out , he gk soft to ~ je ground revealing bond stand behind he , a el vehicle scream up and surround bond , man aim weapon , shouting for he to put he gun down . he do so and raise he arm . int . stockbroker office - london - day 94 trader ( seat behind desk , on telephone ) the put expire . I '' sorry , I be not sure yet how much you have lose . 95 96 97 98 ee issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 36 . int . le chiffre's yacht -- morning 95 le chiffre ( into phone ) one hundred and one million , two hundred and six thousand dollar . he hang up , take a hit from he inhaler , turn to kratt . le chiffre ( cont 'd ) someone talk . int . airport police lockup - miami -- day 96 bond wait alone behind bar . he hear i qe and look up . villier approach with a guard , - whe leek the cell . _ € ) ext . dimitrios estate -- day res - 97 . a ay . have gf ( con a helicopter land at the bac of ' he large colonial house . bond and villier step out , @\past a ambulance and police vehicle to the bac go int . dimitrios house - roe -- day 98 NY soy a mi6 CSI team c a ( ch ) eine scene . solange lie lifeless on the white gavpet . bond stop dead at the sight . eis ok gabe thepoay count you be stack 4 bond can they on ar dd ; cs m ( cont 'd ) k ) - nysne be torture first . as you would '' ' ) " already kill she husband she of must have be the only one leave to question . do she know anything that could compromise you ? bond no . m not you name , what you be after ... bond '' no . we can not tell if she believe he , but she turn and walk out the back . bond finally break away and join m ... 98 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 37 . continued : 98 in the back yard where bond be once again in full emotional armor . m walk he around the pool . m dimitrios work as middle man , always know how to put he hand on weapon and people who could use they . worked with anyone who have the money . for year he be tie to a man we know as Le chiffre ; private banker to terrorist ae ) organize crime . he invest to money and give they agcess | be se wherever they need it . take a dislike to he attee ( coyse od Storm and cut off he héa bond try hard not to show sven e of remorse . m see a man approach with a br ae pase , snap on rubber glove . is kh oh good , yea ) i ( to foul Roll up atou hay have . follow the man in the rubber he do so ul glove swab he t ' and prepare something that look like a '' es ' ym show bond file photo of Le chiffre . eps m ( cont 'd ) flian , we believe . chess ( hier . bit of a mathematical sy ce nius love to prove it by lay poker . ron sonateche the technician load a pea-size pod into the n and fire it into the backside of he wrist . thwack ! bond ( to m ) so you can keep track of I ? the technician exit . m yes. ( and on ) when they analyze the stock market after 9/11 the CIA discover there have be massive short of airline stock . when the stock hit bottom on 9 / 12 somebody make a fortune . ( more ) i aaa alata issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 38 . 98 continued : ( 2 ) 98 m ( cont 'd ) the same thing happen this morning samer '' with boe stock -- or be suppose to . with they prototype destroy the company would have be near bankruptcy . instead , someone lose over a hundred million dollar , betting the wrong way . bond you be think Mr. Le chiffre be not quite as dead as he should be ? m ( hand he fax ) which would explain how he able to set up a high game at casino Royale in 's ten player , ten millign . buy - in , five million xe . winner - take - all . potentidi ly 2 hinaze and fifty million ; 23y @ B re < so , we know jh : he will be . you want a cs ) er do you want to send a ssage ? és . m we not bm alive . Le chiffre eer have 100 million to lose . NY & bond 0 ) he be play the market with se '' nis client ! fund . they will not ylike it when they find out it 's " ‘y one . yy g m hedd back into the house , bond walk with she . m if he lose this game , he will have nowhere to run . we will give he sanctuary in return for everything he know . we be put you in the game , replace someone play for a syndicate . accord to villier , you be the best player in the service . trust I , I wish that be not the case . they be stand over solange 's body . 98 99 100 ussue to production Dec 20 , 2005 39 . continued : ( 3 ) 98 m ( cont 'd ) I would ask if you can remain emotionally detach , but I do not think that 's you problem , be it bond ? bond no . satisfied , she turn on she heel . m do not worry about keep in touch ? 's we will know where you be . p ext . remote rail station , alp -- ame 99 a helicopter lift off . a train ws in the distance . bond step onto the desert platft 2 ) wy int . train compartment , travelang <) late afternoon 100 so JOHN bliss reach for a S om a fruit plate . as he raise it we notice the 1 ob ) | omputer on he tray , the dvd player show a coyeeely : ecord card game -- split screen of the player 's - and poker hand . a stack of disk with player afes\ | ye beside the computer . the door open and ron = into he compartment . so bon mi < bbéss ? KS bliss ec jgoor be lock . bliss '' be~his cell phone and press a autodial button . a ) x ) bond '' a eye for detail , I be sure you be a excellent poker player . ( be : dvd player ) though a little homework never hurt . bliss I have just call my security . Three dark -suite serious type turn the sharp corner in the corridor and stride toward the door . upon see they : bond ( impressed ) my. that be quick . without a pause the lead man chloroform bliss . they lift he and whisk he out the door . 100 101 102 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 40 . continued : 100 bond ( cont 'd ) ( cheerily enough ) thank you . bond close the door behind they , plunk down on the seat and watch the play , take a bite from bliss ' apple . int . train compartment , trieste station -- late day 101 bond have a drink in he hand and bliss ' portable dvd player on he lap , study the technique of one of the player . he rub he eye and glance out of the window as the train pull into a station . on the platform a beautiful woman in cas sa stride a purposefully to board the train . his she every move . she disappear and he toadk seay int . dine car , traveling -- anda ) 102 bond look up from he menu toe ' the beauty from the platform enter the dining can seating a no - nonsense but well - fitte suit . om of €o he table . or every -péenny sof it dvd . vesper sit , rts look , bond feign innocence . she hand over ngs card , the type every bureaucrat have . & vesper e '' , treasury have agree to stake you oo ry the game . ky € '' ) bond n. ( examine card ) ' vesper ' ? I hope you give you parent hell for that . vesper ( accept menu from porter ) thank you . ( to bond ) you boss must have some influence . I have never see so much go out the door so quickly . bond or so stylishly . May I ask where it be ? 102 103 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 41 . continued : 102 vesper ten million be wire to you account in Montenegro , with a contingency for five million more , if I deem it a prudent investment . ( as if " just curious " : ) I suppose you have give some think to the notion that if you lose , we government will have directly finance terrorism . ( be : menu ) what look good ? bond study she with a smile , signal vag gadyer. ei ) int . dine car , traveling -- night sny co 4d ) lanascape bond 103 as the train rattles through the acai and vesper be finish the meal ) oa — vesper . -.*~°} oh , so , you be telli eitt a matter of probabitity and odd ; I be worried the hess some chance involved . er ) ser only if ob ume that the person with 2st hand always win . sy vesper ip t would be what you call y a — p@d ls 7 you know the term . then you may ss ) have also hear that in poker you do not play you hand , you play the v man across from you . bond ( can play right back ) vesper and you be good at read people . bond which be why I have be able to detect the undercurrent of sarcasm in you voice . vesper I be now assure we money be in good hand . issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 42. 103 continued : vesper pr pretend then this 103 bond from which one might surmise you be not overwhelmingly supportive of this plan of action . vesper so there be a plan ? excellent . somehow I get the impression we be risk ten million dollar and hundred of people 's life on a game of luck . what else can you surmise ? bond about you ?. ( study ‘her , enjoy ae this ) C well . you beauty be 2 eget you worry that you win ' tnbe seriously .. vesper / er» > which one can '' yor S attractive woman with I eo gs < overcompensate tly masculine Al 4 , be more aggressive le colleague , which gi hef7 '' a somewhat prickly anor and , ironically , make 's likely to be accept and ( ee ted by she male superior , oe mistake she insecurity for ' rogance . I would normally have say only child , but by the way yyou ignore the quip about you name and you parent I would go with ... orphan ? etend not to be both stung and impressed . bond not to gloat . she size he up . vesper all right . trip off she tongue at light speed : vesper ( cont 'd ) by the cut of you suit you go to Oxford or wherever and actually think human being dress like that . but you wear it with such disdain , that my guess be you do not come ( more ) issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 43. 103 continued : ( 2 ) 103 vesper ( cont 'd ) from money and all you school chum rubbed that in you face every day , which mean you be at that school by the grace of someone else 's charity , hence the chip on you shoulder . and since you first think about I run to orphan , that 's what I would say you be . nsee a slight reaction ) oo , you be . I like this poker thing . and that make perfect '' sense , since mi6 é look for q qe maladjust young man who would gi , od little think to sacrificin exh in order to protect queen a e country . you know , aed type with easy mee expensive watch -~- ( be : he ) --rolex ? ee -- omega . - beautify ex have just meet you fue ih't go as far as call you a se heart bastard -- w® ger bond of urse not -- & vesper < but it would not be a stretch to _ ssyinagine that you think of woman as disposable pleasure rather than meaningful pursuit , so as charming as you be , I will be keep my eye on we government 's money and off you perfectly form ass . bond you notice . vesper even accountant have imagination . how be you lamb ? bond skewer . one sympathize . vesper good evening , Mr. bond . 103 104 105 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 44 . continued : ( 3 ) 103 bond good evening , miss lynd . and he watch she walk away , breathless and in wonder . ext . montenegro -- day 104 superimpose : montenegro as a train arrive at a town in the hill , dominate by the fade grandeur of the casino royale . ext . rail station ~~ day 105 bond and he porter catch up with vesper , fe iently roll she own bag . they head for thepwat ee eg ) car . vesper can not help but notice the nd ed : policeman on patrol . bond a ) do you have a good ao casio yes , only vee ote sy eurnea by nightmare of '' ical and financial pa it 's so x np as a citizen , to k oy at , eo be concerned about se ane vesper wae agent pay tax ? ( a , bond unfair as that seem . bere to herself . sy bond ( cont 'd ) what 's that in response to ? vesper picture you fill out you tax form . can one deduct for bullet and poison dart ? bond under standard business expense . the driver meet they and take vesper 's bag . driver Hotel splendide , sir ? 105 106 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 45 . continued : 105 bond yes . vesper climb into the back seat . bond tip the porter and in return be slip a envelope . vesper notice . int . town car -- continuous 106 bond slide in the other side , open the envelope , which appear to contain two passport . bond raise the privacy partition as he scan the accompany note . bond fe last minute detail . we be o - : ons apparently very much in love . ne the ) os é vesper ( F do you usually leave i '' porter to tell you this sort on bed ig ? or . '' bond only when the roma : necessarily brief : ' Arlington beech ( ioe gambler . you e\ miss Stephanie broadchest . pos , c\y we @ , grab for it ) bond eps it ) k 2 % eed to trust I on this . o ex & vesper '' 70h no , I do not . ms bond ( be ; note ) we have be dating for several month , hence the share suite . vesper however we be try to keep up appearance because of my strict Roman Catholic family , so it will be a two bedroom suite . bond I hate that religion be come between we . 106 see ? 107 108 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 46 . continued : 106 vesper religion and a securely lock door . be I go to have a problem with you , bond ? bond no , do not worry , you be not my type . vesper smart ? bond single . && oo ext . HOTEL splendide -- day ey og 107 the town car stop at the main a . int . HOTEL splendide - lobby -- BAY 108 on < 3 the beautiful front desk cuept | S up from the reception desk to see bond and vespe ow roh fe k clerk welcome to fe regel splendide . you nai x ir a James you will find the be vat under " beech . " he enjoy mee ag vesper react . the receptionist have the ear no and slip it over the counter . ~— front desk clerk ion '' satelcone , Mr. bond . y bond ( to vesper ) you sign it , dear , you be the one represent the treasury . vesper glare at he , sign . front desk clerk thank you . I will have you bag send right up . vesper snatch she key and storm off toward the elevator , where bond catch up . vesper you must crack yourself up , stupid schoolboy prank , be that mean to impress I or something ? be " 108 109 110 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 47 . continued : bond if Le chiffre be that well connect , he already know who I be and where the money be come from . a player swap at the last moment be about as obvious a ploy as one can imagine . which mean he 's decide to play I anyway , so he be either desperate or overly confident . either way , it tell I something about he , and in return , all he get be a name he already have , and he will , # have to wonder why I give it ; with ig ) will have he think about t ee ) and not about he card . sy , ke '' yy vesper aq but he do not play he shea , he om 8 play the man across for , and now he know so you . he know you ( elevator do ~ take the next of the ere be not room enough ee d you ego . she hit the buttog ofa ¥p door close . as bond smart from the remark thecg . sxk 's skip up with a manilla envelope . es S a front desk clerk mey gondly this be leave for you . no sj cs bond shi x p off . he open the manilla envelope and tip the coat at mto he palm : a key on a fob : aston Martin . ~ 5 ext > rking area - aston martin -- day bond stride up to the brand new gun-metal grey aston Martin . he slide in and quickly check it out . he pull a note out of the tear envelope , read it . bond I love you , too , m , he pop the glove compartment and pull out the interior lining , revealing a gun and something label medipac . he take the gun and close the compartment , drop the gun in the manilla envelope , seal it and stride back to the hotel . ext . hill road , montenegro ~-- day bond and vesper breeze along in the aston . 108 109 110 not ! 110 lil 112 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 48. continued : 110 she keep she attention focus on the scenery , pointedly ignore bond . but she can not resist glance over just once and bond catch the look , before she return to the pass scenery . ext . hilltop town , restaurant -- day 111 the aston snake through the narrow street and arrive in the town square . they park and walk toward a restaurant , pass armed militia and man in dark glass . one man pay particular attention to they -- call he mathis . ext . restaurant terrace oy 112 New money type lunch . mathis wave at af ©! ) mathis nay @ yy over here <) ( as they approach ) ow Renee mathis . I know yet two be . be you thirst re os bond take two glass of fe from the waitress . 2 Bu ese doak ean ber you , sean - és she give he a a take the champagne . mathis offer she he arm a théy stroll toward the bar . mathis ow , I use to hate husband qe wife cover . before she stick out here , m would consistently sypair I with a defect latvian wrestler or the Scottish shot - put champion . vesper Mr. bond believe that cover be archaic . mathis huh . well , there 's something to be say for that ; it usually do not take long for either side to find out all the player on the field , do it ? bond do he know we have be watch he ? issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 49 . continued : 112 mathis Le chiffre ? I do not think so . probably because there 's no " we " , just " I " . I be afraid if you get in trouble here the Calvary will not be come over the nearest hill . ( beat ) Le chiffre arrive yesterday and spend the time reestablishing old relationship . the Chief of Police and he be now quite close . ars bond 2 that could make life serene , v mathis i I 2 ( check he watch ) oy Da and possibly short - ses rot ! very subtle man . he 's se L g over my leave shoulder bushy moustache sit wi n much too young for mathis never turn . bond gla ois eft to see a man with a a he . a the man ffi yshoe-brush on he face . we t about try to buy 4 ces but frankly coungn earfora to out - bid Le ch : wig behind matte . ice vehicle scream up into the square . mathis c y hear the brake screeching but he do not look . pb ok uniform cop jump out and charge the a glance at mathis , concerned that the cop for they . mathis seem oblivious . see mathis ( cont 'd ) I hate to say it , but the accountant seem to be run mi6 é this day . ( to vesper ) not that I have anything against accountant . many of they be lovely people . vesper thank you . stand beside James , vesper have also notice the phalanx of approach cop but be determine not to panic . mathis so , I decide it be cheaper to supply he deputy with evidence ( more ) ussue to production Dec 20 , 2005 50 . continued : ( 2 ) 112 mathis ( cont 'd ) that we be bribe the Chief . it 's amazing what you can do with photoshop this day , be not it ? the man surround the Police Chief and lead he away . mathis only now glance in that direction , make eye contact with the deputy who appear to be in charge . mathis ( cont 'd ) his deputy prove to be more amenable . and reasonably priced . I think you odd be improve , mister bond . as be they pay no attention to the former pee manhandle into the car . vesper you will excuse I . Le 2 vesper take she drink and with with grsro the edge of the terrace to take in the will . sy '' for someone shower at the treasury , the itl have nerve ; do not flinch at ' t#ttle show . = ss bond ye I wovider where you be rk kytth that . mathis ce to know now who you can trust der pressure . dos she , she back to they . mathis ( cont 'd ) beauty , brain and courage , almost a irresistible combination . bond you be quite the romantic , mathis . mathis ( amused ) and you be immune ? bond no . but I have find that the only person you want really close to you be someone you can use as a shield . I be afraid she 's so tiny ( more ) 112 113 114 115 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 51 . continued : ( 3 ) 112 bond ( cont 'd ) the bullet would pass right through she . last thing one need be a woman hang on you gun arm . mathis laugh and drink with bond . int . bond & vesper' suite - vesper' bathroom -- evening 113 vesper drop onto the seat in she spacious bathroom . she dump she makeup onto the counter , look at herself in the mirror and consider the job at hand . as she open she first bottle there be a rap at the door . '' '' vesper ce , yes ? kp ? a the bathroom door open and James 'uswing : ’aa garment bag into the room , hang it on the ho on ) ) the back of the door . sow something I pickgg ah a little place nearby . x) I need u look fabulous , so th whet}¥you walk up behind I oh I on the neck , the player from I will be think ( ge you neckline and not about t phir card . do you think you can c& an for N andle that ? rq yy vesper sy I will do my best . bond thank you , my dear . he exit and we follow bond back to he bedroom 114 where he stop dead . he see ... a garment bag lying on he bed . back in vesper' bathroom 115 he push open the door , the garment bag from the bed hang 115 116 117 118 119 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 52 . continued : 115 from he finger . she do not turn from the mirror . bond I have a tuxedo . vesper I have see it . there be tuxedo , dear and there be tuxedo . this be the latter . and I need you look like a man who belong at that table . bond '' ( how ? ) - it 's tailore . rq vesper py ~ oh , I size you up the frome ga met. ew ) she still have not look at nin buy ) bond like the answer . he consider , take it and on he smile at she image in the mirror and go mote we in he bathroom 116 James pull on thi ce if she be not right . we think he look se coy 28 last tux , he look amazing in this one . he gS the difference , and be amused that she actual ughow he something . he turn away from the mir turn back . vesper pause in the open bathroom doorway , he do not in ke ) the act . catch ss laugh burst from vesper 's lip as she walk anv6 . ney art realize he 's be observe in this private at ) he look back at the mirror and consider himself . in ssper' bedroom 117 she lay the garment bag on she bed and sit on the edge of it , shake she hair out , and then look back toward James ' room . and consider he anew . in jame ' bedroom 118 James open a deck of card and fan they expertly across a table . ext . casino royale -- night 119 bond saunter across the street from the hotel and arrive at the elegant , if time - wear , casino . ove n '' som 120 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 53. int . casino royale -- night 120 bond pass through the metal detector , move through the busy casino and enter the velvet - roped salle privee . he eye le chiffre , who approach . le chiffre you must be Mr. bliss ' replacement . but be it beech or bond ? I 'ma little confuse . bond we certainly would not want that . bond step past and join the other on q yy the dealer . dealer , - ( get they attenti e lady and gentten - ce ae be no limit tenez '' ewgl 28 ) five communal card , cue ge hole , minimum stake $ 1q < he hole , mendel here ome the banco de credito mor eregro ' 0 , hold the stake . sy as the banker ( mend ) ' talk , we examine the player : a argentinean bid , gallardo ; a long -haire japanese software king , ; the depose African dictator , infante , as 1 ag$ '' a american , wolpert ; a Russian , nag oral sae hinese woman from the yacht , Madame Wu , and Italia : mogul tomelli and a german countess , grafin m 5 é '' mendel '' & a \/ monsieur et Madame , you have each * € y ) deposit ten million dollar . Le further buy -in of five million will be by electronic transfer . the money will remain in escrow until I return and the winner of the contest enter he or she password into he open a attaché case with a screen and cowl keyboard . mendel ( cont 'd ) . the encryptor , whereupon the entire sum will be wire to any bank account in the world you nominate . mister bond , we proceed alphabetically , please be so kind as to enter a password of you choice . issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 54 . 120 continued : 120 he swivel the machine away from the other . bond step up . sion mendel ( cont 'd ) six letter or more , bond think of a password , smile , punch the key . time CUT : Le chiffre take a seat at the table , bond deliberately take the seat face he . the banker close he case and the remain player take they seat . a mendel ( cont 'd ) ss = gentlemen . when I return , one 's ) you will be the winner of a , -- ss ke considerable fortune . good ap '' on rg , who take a squirt '' second he eye from he inhaler . for a fractio# % glaze over . ax '' the Dealer distribute sin ess ss. wed R High care rente a Jack fall in tag bent Le chiffre meet he eye . the player nod - except for Le & ns dealer ( cont 'd ) misr bond . monsieur gallardo , ae persienne ; signor tomelli , é / persienne . that be to say , a '' blind of ten thousand dollar , a tle blind of five . 121 nieve : 121 the ds be shuffle . bond cut the card . the card ealt face - down . it Rather than examine he own card , bond watch each player , look for reaction . no - one give anything away . bond notice mathis at the bar . and the game commence . fukutu , the first to have to bet , fold he card . the next player be infante , the exile dictator : infante twenty thousand . Le chiffre nod and put in the same . he betray no emotion . '' eee ! bond look at he card . two red ace . the briefest of glance , no reaction , aware of Le chiffre 's eye upon he . epee issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 55 . continued : 121 the three player to he right fold . bond twenty thousand . tomelli , the italian , throw he card away . the Dealer lay down the flop . while all other eye be on the three community card , bond 's be on the player ! reaction to they . gallardo be neutral . infante be visibly , if _ bimost imperceptibly , disappointed . bond shift he gaze to Le chiffre to seel phe pp chiffre be do the same thing , look at bo : i$ reaction . bond smile , look down at the flop ns 3 heart . 9 - 8 - 5 . a gallardo knock . infante mar impassive bond and : ss le ae fifty thousand . C a audible reaction . ko Le chiffre . he have a flush or three of a kind & aying so strong . or he 's bluff . I ) ns bond see Le chifire ' > eye twitch -- only once and ever so slightly . L hif sve 's finger come up to hide it ina SF bond eae '' tfty thousand into the middle of the table . a even x reaction . thing get serious fast . oe infante throw away they card . the Dealer bon " think fu down the next common card ( ' the turn ' ) . again , es not look , watch Le chiffre 's reaction . the card be a 9 . the finger press tight against Le chiffre 's cheek . bond look at the card . so now there 's a pair out in the open . could Le chiffre be hold the other nine ? do not matter anyway , because bond have already decide to go all the way and find the meaning of the finger by the eye . Le chiffre bet : le chiffre ( cont 'd ) one hundred thousand . bond look up and be distract at the superb sight of vesper enter in that stun dress , walk up from behind Le chiffre , she eye on bond and bond 's on hers . 121 ussue to production Dec 20 , 2005 56 . continued : ( 2 ) 121 she pause for effect some distance behind Le chiffre , then move around behind bond and bend over to kiss he on the cheek . bond ( quietly , with a smile ) hello dear . be not you suppose to enter so that the other could see you ? vesper be I ? my mistake . good luck , darling she move off . Le chiffre impatiently ae oe card . after a moment : dealer - Mr. bond ? bond oh yes , sorry . bond match the bet . o@ with vesper as she wi . esper helle@ mathis se I do not have to tell you utiful you look ; half the S ete at that table be still x ching you . a kd sy vesper rq '' how 's he do ? S mathis bond ? I believe he 's draw to a flush . May already have the other two heart of course , but so could Le chiffre - and he 's the one push the bet up . he may even hold the other two nine . but I doubt it . the last card ( ' the river ' ) be deal . all eye be on it , except for bond and Le chiffre : watch each other . it be the 2 of heart , Le chiffre slowly take he hand from he face . no twitch to be see . le chiffre two hundred thousand . ' ane 121 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 57 . continued : ( 3 ) lal vesper and mathis watch bond carefully . everyone be mesmerize . bond push in two hundred thousand . bond call . Le chiffre stare back at bond . he be not expect that . dealer ( to Le chiffre ) monsieur , you have be call . Le chiffre now lay he card down . he hol both black 2s . Le chiffre have a full house . oy - LA ) dealer ( cont 'd ) sy Le a full house to monsieur Le qhi ( to bond ) kes '' monsieur bond ? 5 ce wj ) bond shake he head , '' chittad & ayd away , provoking a buzz in the crowd . Le chiffyele yt believe he luck , rake in the chip , a ghint - gt\t umph as he eye bond . in force he to show t ey of twos , bond have stripped he naked , and Le chiff read this in he eye . : ( ap ( to Di 2 ) pleasés@ndsthe barman over . the zr germ surprised at this request , but hi indicate barman to come over . Le chiffre watch all this wi ms tering irritation . the barman arrive : ( cy bond ( cont 'd ) le ye dry martini . re sy barman sys oui , monsieur . he 's about to go : bond just a moment . Three measure of Gordon 's , one of vodka , half a measure of kina lillet , shake it over ice then add a thin slice of lemon peel . barman yes , sir . the other player and even the dealer have be quietly mesmerize by this performance . as the barman start off : issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 58 . continued : ( 4 ) 121 wolpert you know , I think I will have one of that . infante so , will i. barman certainly . Le chiffre 's patience be at a end , he look about to burst . the barman start away , and suddenly : tomelli 5 ) can I have one without the lenght ? c le chiffre (? yy be anyone interested indpkz ybhg p/ poker ?! bond smile to himself , havin cgsiea in riling he . yee 5 iy {to bond ) , , someone be in ree the Dealer distrib of Le chiffre quickly throw he card away , dis with they . the player to bond 's a eo . right call . bond cme . as three at ce at the table bet and raise , bond alk over to a mae by whe a and mathis be wait for he . he put he arm around vesper , kiss she - it last a little longer than he plan . both of they can not help but briefly be aware of that fact . as they lip part : bond ( cont 'd ) hmm , you taste nice . vesper I think we dispense with cover . bond no , we dispense with one that be of no use and create another that be . be he watch ? mathis yes . 121 122 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 59 . continued : ( 5 } 121 bond excellent . he kiss she again , but this time she slip it . vesper this be I in character piss because you be lose so fast we will not be here past midnight . oddly my character 's feeling mirror my own . bond it be worth it to discover he 's y +e castes he drink ) ey " oo hm . have to think up a re it . ee mathis ss so what do you mean , he '' ons bond 2 - 5 a twitch he have , , we when he bluff . ce ss ne bluff ? ( epee , best hand . soo bon he yyot on the last card . do against be twenty - three oe and he would know that . when de that first big raise he try to scare I out , he have oe win be blind luck . ( another subject : ) ua you get it ? mathis slip a small silver disk into bond 's hand . bond put he drink on the bar and return to the table . mathis watch he go . not want to be see do the same , vesper purposely turn she back so that she be face the bar . mathis maybe he actually can pull this off . vesper sneak a peak as she taste bond 's drink . the camera rise over the poker table 122 card be shuffle , deal and discard , jacket come off , player drop out , money change hand . bond 's chip stay about even , he 's play cautiously . 122 sel 123 eee issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 60 . continued : 122 Le chiffre be slowly lose . we can sense the pressure building . angle on bond he notice kratt step up and whisper in Le chiffre 's ear . Le chiffre do not respond ; kratt move off . dealer we have be play almost four hour . if there 's no objection we will take a one hour dinner break . the player shuffle to they foot . bond stfal count he chip . Le chiffre stand , turn and ko ee kratt to approach ; bond stand and palm Le chiffre 's ‘y kaler , press the silver disc onto the bas ies e replace it feo . sx ) ce Le chiffre turn back a heartbea¢ jate ! and pick it up . bond move off toward the bar £ q jn mathis and vesper . is ir math ay well , think 111 @epp t on the isie . morning 's erivel ss mathis exit . jamé aye arm around vesper 's waist and watch discretely ther shoulder . in the background Le chiffre leavegxx st and head for the exit . as vesper 2 & d bond doogiist peepond he finish he drink , see he 's be oh by another of Le chiffre 's stooge : leo . he toward he and run a hand up the full length pe : e to she neck . her body react involuntarily . bond ( as if she just speak ) really ? that 's naughty . vesper now you have lose I completely . bond ( kiss vesper 's neck ) you have just tell I you can not wait to get I back to the room . as she react , he take she hand and lead she to the exit . int . HOTEL splendide - FOURTH floor 123 Le chiffre use he key and enter he suite . issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 61 . 124 125 126 127 int . le chiffre's suite 124 Dark wall , little light . valenka sit on the far side in a pool of light . she look up at Le chiffre as he approach . le chiffre what 's so damned important ? she put a hand on the back of he neck , kiss it , whisper : valenka I be sorry . a hand jut out of the darkness and ya 6a , before Le chiffre can react a garotte be fli os er he neck and cut off he windpipe . oo into he ear : N s/ xe ? obanno where be my voney ? int . HOTEL splendide - lobe 125 ok sion James and vesper enter oy street , play up they " honeymooner " role , tt ound each other . while walk , bond flip out oe . they stop at the concierge desk , & ' bond ou have a package for no the conci as. nos the manilla envelope bond take from the can ' and it to bond . they punch the elevator oe ane ~ x ee ) chiffre's suite 126 obanrio choke Le chiffre . obanno 's lieutenant restrain valenka , hold a machete to she neck . obanno do you think you can lose that kind of money and no one would notice ? le chiffre ( clutching he throat ) you money be safe . int . HOTEL splendide - elevator 127 they step into the elevator and bond hand she the envelope . bond open it , 127 128 129 od 130 oer issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 62. continued : 127 vesper do , see a silence walther inside . James push a wireless earphone into he ear , punch the top floor button and watch he handheld as they rise . int . le chiffre's suite 128 obanno tighten the noose again , Le chiffre be in agony . le chiffre you will have it tomorrow . all of it . obanno toss he to the floor . qy obanno 2 I would take a hand for this betrayal , but you need a " 2@5 card . he hold he hand out to he eae oo. who hand he he machete . ae ( to caso '' hold out you ae int . elevator - c. co ( @ pomp screen 129 the screen display - d\three dimensional " range finder " - a X indicate ir shifting position and blink dot indicate L hit 'o -- both on a 3d grid . as they rise he can get idea where they be in relation to each other . sath 's he finger into the 4th floor button . vesper hi dm he silence walther . '' eo 130 the elevator , move off in the direction the finder aiim , then realize what he 's hearing over he valenka ( 0.s. ) no , please . please . he turn back to vesper . bond go to the room , I will meet you there . vesper back uncertainly toward the elevator bank as James move off . by the time she turn , the elevator door be close . she make a grab for it ; too late . 131 132 133 134 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 63 . int . le chiffre's suite 131 obanno hold out you arm , my beauty , or I will take you head . the Lieutenant raise she arm for she . valenka no. please , no . please no . out in the hall 132 use the directional finder James find " 's ys int door . unsure what to do -- break the door down , se happen . he decide on break it down . then p WA esper be still wait for the elevator . o '' bond ( stage whisper ) take the stair ! so ns she see the sign for the ee right near bond . she a hurry toward it . I ck to the suite door . int . le chiffre's rny 133 obanno swing the n arp machete down from over he head and ... sto gil a half a inch from valenka 's arm . holding it there xpe nturn he head and look at Le chiffre . obanno bee ssiord of protest . cay feo valenka ) eeh should find a new boyfriend . y ' snyeos she roughly , laugh and toss she after Le obanno nod to he Lieutenant and they head out . the hall 134 James , listen to he earpiece , realize they be come right out the door ! he turn and grab vesper , who be run toward he , and push she into the alcove of a butler' pantry ( which lead to the stairwell ) and into a deep kiss . she fight for a second , see the suite door OPEN and melt into the kiss , grab the back of bond 's neck . obanno step out of the suite , he Lieutenant on he heel . they spy the lover ; obanno smile to himself and continue past toward to the elevator . 134 135 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 64 . continued : 134 he lieutenant glance back in pass and spot the wireless earphone in bond 's ear . he make a grab for he gun . bond see it happen out of the corner of he eye , shove vesper toward the stairwell door and fire a silence round into the Lieutenant 's chest . vesper bolt for the emergency stairwell 135 cle she smashes through the door just a second , hefose bond es throw the Lieutenant 's body in after he xrtbeat later obanno' machete just about take srr ' arm . his walther fall over the rail . the doy wing close ior and jam a behind they as James grab the huge jie hand into obanno 's mouth to meer . fyom call out . ' jame = ( to vesper ) £e ~ & s? gr she take off down the oe make it to ... the floor below os she yank on tke as lock - look up in time to see James flip ov the banister , landing with a back - erack thu stair beside she . on tc obanno lea , to the railing , machete in hand , as vesper run for fe , bound down the stair two at a time , glance cht up just in time to see : ley ~ tui over the railing above and plummet toward she . they '' land just a few tread away , flail at each other , the machete draw blood , as run ! vesper run on down . floor after floor the action be repeat , with one man be throw or push over the railing above she and the other clamber after he . basement floor vesper round the last railing and fling herself at the exit door - it will not open ! she look up ; Sea ? 135 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 65 . continued : 135 the machete twirl through the air , come straight for she ! she move and it slice past she , embed itself in the concrete floor ! vesper slam herself into the chain emergency door over and over again , in a blind , unthink panic . suddenly bond and obanno 2. ci come crash down almost on top of she , faghy 3. for they life . bond rights himself and grab oba : hi ig behind in a neck lock . obanno shove bond bagkie \# they stumble into vesper and trip , fall : eap in the corner -- obanno atop bond atop vésper ail face upwards -- obanno turn blue from the cholkghe oly -- see : bond' silenced walther ess on the floor where it mse 's bs it and fire _ k wildly over he shd@ul eri ) the bullet barely miss bond and vesper . they g je - the wall just centimeter from they head ané& ‘het madly around the concrete well . vesper can not crengoem a scream in she throat . bond not 7 sd use see 2 dzenath to force the gun in obanno 's hand up to the hee je ) man 's neck , force the large man 's finger to nei ) '' ge ) man and just off camera the bullet find its eo spraying over bond 's shirt and vesper 's face . oe bond pants for air , he and vesper pin unde’ the giant 's dead weight . when he catch he breath he force the body off theirs and stand , see a bin under the stair and kick open the padlock hasp . he turn to look at vesper , see she 's in shock , but need she help . bond rip off he bloody tuxedo shirt and wipe the blood from she face . she let he do it . bond there you go . find mathis . tell he I be go to leave the body in here , he need to get rid of they . can you do that ? she nod unconvincingly . bond ( cont 'd ) go. 135 136 137 138 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 66 . continued : ( 2 ) 135 he prompt she up the stair . after the first flight she run . below , bond drag the huge man toward the bin . int . HOTEL suite , bond' bathroom 136 bond toss he bloody shirt , pull off he jacket and focus to slow he breath . he wash the blood off a cut wound on he arm -- the blood swirl down the sink . he stick on a quick bandage , wipe the blood off the countertop and the sweat from under he arm , _ then finally lean on the sink and stare at himself in mirror . only now do we glimpse that he be have a yea time with the killing . he look down at the counter ces he 's leave red hand print on the white m apie , G shes he hand again . cp ) se . int . casino royale -~- night ao 137 fs we move with bond as he adjust yshirt -- identical to '' hotice a fleck of blood up a napkin without nos the use napkin to a the one he wear this morning / on the black jacket a ore pause , dab the red ont thank yous pass waiter . for er ox _ he arrive at thax able in time to see one of the other player losew e\@hiffre . Le chiffre collect he chip , but he @ ee on bond as he take he seat . le chiffre ona , you change you shirt . && thope we little game be not cause - sayou to perspire . se bond ( a charming smile ) a little . but I will not consider myself in trouble until I start ery blood . Le chiffre 's smile fade . bond be deal in . int . bond & vesper' suite , HOTEL splendide -- night 138 it 's hour later , bond let himself in , undoing he tie to reveal a very crease shirt . in the shadow bedroom he see vesper 's gown on the floor , a empty wine bottle on the table , hear she shower run . tire and jade , he do not think too much of it , pull off he shirt -- yes , he have be sweat . 138 139 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 67 . continued : 138 he glance back at vesper 's suite , listen to the shower run , and sense something 's wrong . vesper' bathroom . he enter , can not see she , now be become concerned . he see a leg protrude from the shower . he turn the corner and find she sit in bra and panty , clutching one knee to she chest , oblivious to the pelting water . James drop to the floor of the shower , throw he arm around she and pull she to he , let the water run over both of they . bond shhhhhh . vesper ( look at he a moi you be all wet . é~. bond en ) shhh . ard sy vesnée 's I could not gott blood off . : as : it 's still exmy nail . 4 not bond look at hk sié : not a trace of blood . he put each finger in mth in turn , not sexually , but as if to clean they . d of course the non-sexual aspect of it pa be incredibl exy '' when do .... x X we bond ( pert x ? ok on BK vesper lossy . ( leok at they ) ww ) thanks . +.- you cold ? bond vesper realize she be , give a small little - girl nod . bond reach up and turn the hot water tap higher . she appreciate the unusual , and charming , choice , in that he fail to acknowledge anything odd about she behavior . she rest she head on he shoulder . the two sit there in the warm " rain , " not say a word . int . bond & vesper ' S suite , HOTEL splendide -- morning 139 bond step up to vesper 's bedroom door , see she sleep naked under she sheet , the rest of the bed pristine -- she sleep alone . bond check he vibrate phone for a text message , close vesper 's bedroom door and exit . sn issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 68. 140 141 142 ext . terrace , HOTEL splendide -- day 140 bond find mathis look down at the hotel parking lot . bond have any trouble with the body ? mathis less than some . he take out a phone and bond follow he gaze to the forecourt : two policeman be question Le chiffre 's henchman leo at he park car . mathis to a phone ring nearby ~ the trunk of the '' '' be as surprised as the cop as they open it tes eg be and he lieutenant's corpse , phone rok pate of they pocket . bond and mathis smile as Leo be A. feed . mathis east be dead doesn one can not still be helpful , can actual phone will be a goldse a tm sure . ey nicely dove 4 ss '' mathis how oubygirl ? melted you cold pemyyer ? bond ie exit back into the casino . le chiffre's suite -- day 141 ib be stand behind a flutter curtain , watch not . close on he eye . a red dot . a bloody tear . then he turn and disappear , the curtain leave flutter as before . int . casino royale - dusk 142 shot of - deal hand be lift , chip be toss in the pot , hand throw away . the argentinean go all in with he remain chip . and look disgust as he be beat . he 's out . leave . more chip go in , more card deal to the weary player . another player toss he card down , get up angrily . out of the game . 143 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 69 . int . casino royale -- night 143 four face - up card : a-k - j-7 bond hold ace & king of heart . he see Le chiffre 's finger go to the side of he face to hold he twitch in place . mathis & vesper watch from the rail . mathis a look . it 's the tell . he 's oo , bluff . my God , James be re a ) bond look to vesper , who try to oni ? es k at he . his face remain hard . AG ne sy at table aia the american , wolpert , '' ey rd a lot of chip : Three hundred seh bond watch Le c. fe . se e push in he chip . bond follow suit . a mis just go in . fs the card be turneéiiover . a king . exactly what bond be hope room toh re be implacable - but he finger be still pre y nis cheek . the five be be ) face - up be a- j-j-k - K. os es at they . knock the table . on vesper mathis the american must have be hold queen ten . he know he straight just lose value . now , if James be right about the bluff , here come something big ... at table a large stack of chip move forward . le chiffre million . finger still clamp to hide any twitch . bond smell blood . he 's get he . slowly count he chip . issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 70 . 143 continued : 143 mathis & vesper al mathis he 's go all - in . vesper react : my god. at table bond push everything in : bond six and a half . Le chiffre stare back at he . wolpert seg seem happy as he throw he card away . '' ey ? as , yeond : wolpert & I hope you get better epaka straight , pal . if yous SBI ffing - he be silence by Le chiffre ee 5g he money in . for a moment , bond have doubt . we ) '' mister rear be call . bond show he card . eye lock on oe '' a dealer ( cont 'd ) fu houg# , king on ace . bond wait yee the reaction . Le chiffre merely smile : not ( 2 ) le chiffre '' oye ou must have think I be luffing . < o over two jack . four of a kind . a great hushed reaction in the room . bond be devastate . dealer , unless anyone complain , I think a short break ? bond sit silent , freeze with defeat . clean out . 144 ext . terrace , le casino royale -- night 144 bond step out onto the terrace , look out over the moonlit hill . his world in disarray . how could he have be so wrong ? he have Le chiffre all work out . vesper and mathis watch from inside , almost embarrassed to be watch he , neither know what to say . 144 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 71 . continued : 144 vesper finally join he . bond be still reeling . not want to show she this he pull himself together . bond I will need the other five million to buy back in . she be afraid he would say that . beat . he turn to look : vesper I can not authorize that , James . it hang there . he be still , control oo sy bond ee @ ) I make a mistake . I be imp. ere vee maybe arrogant , but I can bi he . vesper I be sorry . & for C sy ( stop tee dh acing " sorry ? " use tha '' in a sentence . " sorry Le chaé be go to win and go ftindi terror and kill people in ss and supermarket ? " fdren be go to die as the alk past stray shopping ba % or rked car ? " that kind bepy ? @ sd vesper ek win be not go to stop eo ny terortat bombing . if you think it be , then you be arrogant . S o . bond not all , just a few be good enough for I . and if you or you friend be in the building when it disintegrated , it may be good enough for you , too . vesper you lose because of that ego , and that same ego can not take it . that 's what be talk here . that 's what this be about . all you be go to do now be lose more . bond ( almost laugh ) you bloody idiot . issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 72 . 144 continued : ( 2 ) 144 vesper I be sorry ?? bond I can beat he ! look in my eye . you know that . vesper my father be a gambler . have that same win look in he eye . right up to the day he shot my mother and put a gun in he own mouth . get you hand off my am he let go . she turn and walk out of 1 giro. oy ae 145 int . bar , casino royale -- night @yy 145 bond enter the bar , frustrated and ( qijocoupiea , fe 2 bond on vodka martini . 0s ae bar , shaken or sti fue foe ae I do I look wike / 1 give a damn ?? Ze he take he drim ck he brain as to how to move forward . he Le iffre laugh as they walk away from the table , wana a break . bond spy he joke with kratt and two men~wh ave the look of train killer ; reinfore os. ye Bagh wa James , a waiter clear a nearby table and put B pha set on the bar : plate , cutlery , steak knife . one make he decision , palm the knife and slide it up he eve of he jacket and rise , as mathis approach with * sympathy . mathis James ... bond make sure you get the girl out . mathis ( understand , shocked ) ... bond . but bond be already move . roe 146 int . lobby / corridor , casino royale - moment later 146 bond walk , determine , focus on Le chiffre - who be walk issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 73 . 146 continued : 146 away down a corridor , in the company of kratt and several . bodyguard . it 's suicide and he 's okay with that . his vee finger get a grip on the handle ; ready to slip it out ... when wolpert cut across he path . wolpert bad break , I think you have he . never really introduce myself : Gray wolpert , of the langley wolpert . that get James ' attention . wolpert indicate the hand in which bond cup he knife . wolpert ( cont 'd ) AV 's qa you should have a little fai ck pf I have be watch you pla a forgetting that one un have . I think you have he . '' cn bond ay have . now if you ' leis e wo fet '' - you be not hey in ? bond give he a cxf ypieer get the picture . bond be still coiled and da '' wolpert ( cont 'd ) I ' be lose steadily . go to last much longer . get a better chance . oa '' ( beat ) pe ‘ah say I can get you the money le 3s ns to keep go . & top kes this in . sy wolpert ( cont 'd ) just one thing . if you pull it off , the CIA get to bring he in . bond .. and the winning ? wolpert do we look like we need the money ? 147 int . casino royale -- night 147 sitting down for the next session , they be remove bond 's chair when bond stop he . Le chiffre look surprised . 147 148 149 150 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 74 . continued : 147 bond Lovely stretch ; shall we double the blind ? bond smile . Le chiffre return it . shot of : a exhausted player fold ( dissolving before our eye ) bond raking in chip ( clawing he way back in ) bond and le chiffre eyeing one another , nou grsancamis int . bar , casino royale -- night kd 148 Z a barman place two of " bond 's " drink Gay veray . one with a lemon slice , one without . he & '' aetrieve some water . which be when we notice V , seat on the stool next to the tray . behind the ba . back she slip some powder into the drink with the mom and stir . the barman return with two glass of pele water as the waiter approach to take the tra co y follow the waiter to th ey be , where she place the glass without the lemon=t ront of tomelli , who look to be barely hang ant bs game . she place the other in front of bond . he sip 's Plays he card . win the hand . moment later : x 149 at the tab : ond take a sip of he drink , confidence grow . hiks\c eye flick to vesper , watch , wonder how he g into the game . a hand be deal , play . bond c a card , close he eye -- just a blink . oa be sa of ) ! 150 ope be eye again and it 's a completely different hand . he realize moment have pass ! he 's disorient , lose focus . thing be take on a yellow tint , coronas form around light . bond shake it off , try to clear he mind , sweat . smell the glass ; realize he 's be poison . bond deal I out . time for some air . dealer Sir , you be the big blind . bond shove he chip in and walk away . the player be more than a tad surprised . Le chiffre shrug . bond pass a table , casually take a glass and a salt shaker and keep move on slightly unsteady leg . vesper be one of the few who notice . serene 150 151 152 153 154 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 75 . continued : 150 the man at the bar near she snort disapproval . man at bar ( to woman beside vesper ) who drink and play for this kind of stake ? idiot . she write it off to that as well . bloody arrogance . int . bathroom , casino royale -- night 151 he bang open the door , pour the entire cellar into the glass , fill it with hot water and knock i ack . the effect be quick - he throw up into the a 2 ext . STREET and HOTEL parking area ~ ss oq 152 @ ash white , heart pound , blear x sana stumble across the street , narrowly miss bein un ) jover by pass car . he find he aston ae in a dark corner , unlock it with a push of ab uy pen the door and fall into the seat . he slam ( h 3 vfist into the glove compartment , tear out gee ond grab the medipac . ( he close he eye for j cond --- open they -- see : a loud bunch of drunken - pass the '' we who be not in the desert parking lot a second ago -- ked out again . bond consider ~ to they for help . do not . he force hinselt $ 2 } conscious , rip open the medipac -~- find a eae nbedie attach to a wire and a electronic & . @ needle into he arm and attaches the lead fox to he handheld . it instantly make a call . 6 medical hot room -- night 153 a technician who be chat with a co-worker turn to he computer screen as it ring and click to life , downloading data . the co-worker join he . co-worker who be it ? technician 007 . the co-worker fly to he cubicle , snatch the phone . int . mi6 - m's office 154 villier open the door without knock izig , m look up , .. tired . issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 76 . 154 continued : 154 villier bond 's be poison . he 's go eee into cardiac arrest . 155 int . mi6 medical hot room 155 two doctor now hover over the technician , study the figure racing over the screen . doctor stay calm and do not interrupt because you will be dead within two minute -- ‘s ) 156 ext . HOTEL parking lot at oy ) 156 doctor é @yv -- unless you do mse ens tell you . es bond I be all ear . ce ss 157 int . mi6 é - villier ' des ae 157 m and villier watch ply and listen . cage ? ee ( v.0 . ) renovate ' defibrillator from the pouch . jtto S ctor 2 ) es. jpnow what it be yet ? doctor 2 es 11 scan . 158 rf ie $ parking lot 158 boy lls out a portable defibrillator , it hum as the charge build ... combipen of different color spill onto the floor . doctor ( v.o. ) attach the lead to you chest . bond do so . put he finger on the red button , wait , it still read charging . 159 int . mi6 medical hot room 159 doctor # 2 ventricular tachycardia . digitalis . what the hell do we give he ? the '' ewe kit have amphetamine , antihistamine -- 159 160 161 162 seem issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 77 . continued : 159 doctor ( to bond ) as soon as it read charge -- doctor # 2 lidocaine ! that '1l work . bond -- ext . HOTEL parking lot 160 charge . bond tense . doctor # 2 ( v.o . ) do not push the red button ! do yo hear I ? do not push it yet . ( bond react . int . villier office 161 m listen to the doctor argue . doctor S his heart 's go y pogoe - #h ( v.0 . ) no to there 's only - &i ie , for one charge before ole pout ! hf ext . HOTEL parking '' sr 162 ( continue townter t as need ) ry doctor # 2 ( v.o. ) 2 '' ctto bond ) of gabe the blue combipen bond . mid - '' ck . into the artery . that will -\\ ycounteract the digitalis . bontdjd himself hard in the neck with the blue combipen . doctor ( v.o. ) you be go to pass out ina few second and you need to keep you heart go . push the red button now , bond ! bond try -- but it do not fire , one of the lead have come off . he reach for it , try to reattach it . m ( v.o. ) bond ?... but the voice fade and he black out , come to , black out , slip away . issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 78 . 162 continued : 162 m ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) bond ! push the damn button ! “ee his eye flutter open again ... and like a dream , vesper be over he . he look up at she . for a moment she hesitates ... then bend down and find the lead , attaches it and fire the defibrillator . a huge jolt of power go through bond and he spasm . bond exhales . a die rasp , a breath of life . vesper be shaking . stun that she just & die he life , she slump down beside he . £ '' y . '' ec bond recover now , breathe steady . ( iy inally pull the syringe out of he neck . so bond you okay ? I ?? you be leome . now get yourself tov hos al . we bond '' wp do . 3 ( stand again ) soon as I win . ov '' os m ( 0.s . ) doctor # 2 ( 0.s. ) the red combipen ! take it with you . bond when do I use it ? doctor # 2 oh , you will know . bond pocket the handheld . vesper be almost speechless . vesper you be not seriously go back vee there . 162 163 164 165 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 79 . continued : ( 2 ) 162 bond would not dream of it . bond smile and head off . int . casino royale ~-- night 163 Le chiffre can barely stop he mouth from drop open as a pale but very determine bond return to the table . bond sorry . that last hand almost kill I . ce {to waiter ) ©) I think I will change my drink . ce Sf ) Water , if you would . '' ny y &) pp le chiffre ne ae look most unsettle . . card be dealt _ wolpert et yy throw he card in . eis t of money . get up wearily . give bond a tier ve walk away . only five play : ' now , the marathon session taking its toll on '' , cle chiffre . more card be pile of chip increasing . wpe we player to he chair become empty . sal dea ler be exhausted . he pack up . another break . < ) x '' bathroom mirror , shatter . 164 nono Zale the red combipen from he pocket . put a foot on the sink counter - and jab the combipen into he leg . int . casino royale -~- night 165 back at the table . bond and Le chiffre preternaturally alert , infante and fukutu tired , hit the espressos . dealer Big blind now one million . bond put a million dollar plaque in , beside he fukutu be already in with the small blind : a $ 500,000 chip . the community card be laid down : ah `s 8s we see Le chiffre 's hand : ac 6h . he already have two pair . 165 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 80 . continued : 165 bond look at he hand : 7s and another low spade which we do not see clearly . possible flush . fukutu have 's and qs. possible flush . infante hold 8 c and 8h , so he have three of a kind . le chiffre five million . the other match the bet . vesper & mathis mathis twenty -four million in the " ep already . wo 's all in with $ 9om . fukutu look again at he car everything he have leave . nine everyone match he bet ol ) a mathis & vesper L fm sy < gre ( cont 'd ) k ' fish , possible full house , sixty million in the hand be get out of bond ww ze nother . col ~ 2 the bar to watch . the dealer deal the last card . the Ace of spade . mathis & vesper mathis ( cont 'd ) somebody 's get the full house . as we glance at the card with Le chiffre and infante we see both have full house - Le chiffre the better one . but infante be confident . he go all in with he last five plaque . '' eset issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 81 . continued : ( 2 ) 165 infante five million dollar . Le chiffre smile at bond . le chiffre ten . bond stare at the community card , then back at Le chiffre . mathis & vesper : vesper oo he 's go to do it again , be not , '' he ? '' a ) ow mathis Le chiffre must have t ait sy use . bond 's flush will be be n.\} bond 's be try to bluff eat sas nothing to bluff wit ig " 1 fold and keep what he a bond pause a long time . . up he chip and plaque . all the dealer sine count nee ) chip . dealer &g 4d million dollar . ed ve react , unbely . back at the table Le chiffre eye bond . consider he card again . hesitates . then with a smile , he push he remain chip forward . le chiffre very well . a stunne silence in the room . a mountain of plaque and chip on the table . dealer gentlemen . please show you card . ces ee een een es 165 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 82 . continued : ( 3 ) 165 fukutu show he spade flush . fukutu Ace , King , Queen flush . infante beat it , lay down he pair of eight . infante full house . eights full of ace . '' eg le chiffre 'a oe ) lay he down . show he Ace and six : ( ay sas house too . no need for the poker face any 1 a doris wolfishly . dealer a superior full hous cg es , full of six .... mister / 2 bond place he card do not Le chiffre grin . E. ffre it wouldésefm + flush be the low hand : — S bond ush Nie . but not my straight the deal ese ' ange bond 's card over the community card . > sy a dealer ys sy four through eight of spade , the high hand . son 2 , Le chiffre 's turn to stare at defeat . a SMALL red globule appear in the corner of he eye . he take he hanky , wipe it away , look across at bond balefully . get up , Le chiffre push past observer as he walk out , vanish from view . bond get up too , move to wolpert . bond he 's all yours . wolpert much appreciate , cousin . bond move on to the bar , where vesper wait . ussue to production Dec 20 , 2005 83. 165 continued : ( 4 ) 165 vesper congratulation . see ! bond shall we celebrate ? vesper you be almost dead a hour ago . bond exactly . and now I be famish . 166 int . / ext . the hermitage nightclub , HOTEL sp . ye oo 166 night i we follow two of bond' special ae I a q ) arrive at he patio table , look out no som iagse . ok aster and caviar in imtthe corner of the be light by candle . able . it 's romantic . it 's four in the morning . they h front of they . a band be playin , club . the light be low . T a few couple be dot abo vesper take a text on '' ae , she read it , then : ee mathis merican have saree make cont gal Le chiffre . he! no ke in he suite ; they be go nae extract he at midnight . se ye xx bond ws fabw I think I will call this eg esper . zl sy ! vesper a a cause of the bitter aftertaste ? N y , bond because after you have taste it ... it 's all you want to drink . she laugh at he and he charming , corny line . bond ( cont 'd ) I think that be a good line . vesper it be a very good line . bond but you be laugh at it . vee vesper not so much it as you . smee " issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 84 . 166 continued : 166 bond oh , then I be fine . and he loosen up . her smile fade as she thought drift . she fiddle with she necklace . bond ( cont 'd ) I have realize what that be . a algerian love - knot ? vesper really ? I think it be just something pretty . bond oy no , you do not . it be give oy you . ( see she admit a well , he 's a lucky man oo '' vesper exhales , almost a ee reipowe by a ironic smile . a moment , then . you can out lae easily , can not you ? Zee man last night , I know attack you , but it ae doother you , kill they ? 'o S bond job . I would not do it will if it do . vesper I do not believe you . es , admit nothing . vesper ( cont 'd ) you have a choice , you know . just because you have do something , do not mean you have to keep do it . bond why do people who can not take advice always insist on give it ? vesper you think I can not take my own advice ? issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 85 . 166 continued : ( 2 ) 166 bond I think something be drive you . al and I think I have not a chance of ever find out what it be . the moment be punctuate by a another text arrive on she cell phone . she look at it : vesper mathis need I . well , good night . congratulation . I be sure I will see you in the morning before I leave . she 's go before bond can recover . he x 9 ) the waiter . = & bond & ) I will take another . ~ c\ ~ as he wait , he start to feel ua i’ he scan the club , look at the other couple , m bis eye go to the exit . g pp ans yes g bond 4s ) 228 ) ( to the wait , '' t to hansa hen mathis ? a = . — yy he get up . ygeriddy through the candlelit room , a feel of dread g ‘hag a SSI forecourh ( '' on . bonk ke : pee 7 the : to he side - a faint cry . his head spin . in the gloon , a door slam on a dark sedan . the engine growl and the sedan shoot out of the shadow , rake up pebble as it fishtail off the forecourt . S he pace , down the step , stare into the bond just catch sight of vesper in the back before a hand push she down . he run to the aston Martin , roar after it . 167 ext / int . car - two lane road -- night 167 the lead car quickly disappear from sight -- no other car on the country road , as bond scream along the two - lane blacktop , twist through the the countryside , eal downshift as he hit a slight hill and stomping on the accelerator so that all four wheel leave the earth . 167 168 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 86 . continued : 167 as the front wheel crash down to earth he see : vesper lie in the middle of the road , directly in he path ! she prop up on she elbow , see the car about to make impact ! bond throw the wheel to the right . the aston veer sharply , narrowly miss she . io ditch and flip , smash upside down into a a bond' head ne hit the windshield and crack i , so . black out . we come up from black as he not ns rtyer open ... kratt and another thug C drag he from the mm ey . by the headlight from two car , bond 's 2s 's Close . blackness . until : aw dig into or = of he hand ; he hand pin to the dirt a knife by kratt 's enka remove the bloody tracking device and snap '' shut . blackness again . bond be E ase 2 he be pull into . fi and S. onto the floor of the back seat . just before he eye close again he glimpsis le chiffre climb into the front seat , a cell phone to he ear . le chiffre ( into phone ) mathis ? we have get he . Le chiffre snap the phone close and nod to the driver , who take off into the night , the second car follow . bond 's eye close again and everything go black . ext . a abandoned country house -- night 168 the car brake , kick up a cloud of dust . 169 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 87. int . abandoned country house - basement 169 bond 's eye open as he be drop on the floor by the two thug who drag he in , he hand bound behind he . the first thing he see be kratt cut the seat out of a cane- bottome chair . bond 's eye flick to ... vesper be drag by valenka and another thug Zeon at the far end of the basement . the door vag ig ) they . kratt slice the clothes off bond 's bed neh ? he lie naked on the floor . le chiffre es lean against a table er ‘ee the kind of junk one find in a basement . ST eepete - beater in he hand . & = tpfre you have to fod care of you body &< suce waste . bond be lift tae onto the cane chair , he foot bound . bond ee be be go to bring a table well , I will have a coffee . lon yes . e ) well t want to fall asleep on wnt return . valenka I can not find the plier . Le chiffre spot they , hand they to she and she walk off . bond catch a glimpse of vesper with the door open . she sit naked , she back to we . valenka close the door . le chiffre I will need you attention here . sitting across from bond , Le chiffre flick he wrist upward . we hear the impact of the carpet-beater . bond convulse in agony . bond I know you would be a sore loser . issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 88 . 169 continued : 169 le chiffre " I " sore ? another flick of the wrist . bond shriek and slump . le chiffre ( cont 'd ) I never understand all this elaborate torture . it be the simple thing to cause more pain than a man can possibly endure . and of course , it be not only the immediate agony , but the knowledge | that if you do not yield soon enough , there will be little sea ) , to identify you as a man . the o only question remain , will yield in time ? ey '' he strike , bond bite he lip cash yan scream . le chiff , ' D ) Ms. lynd will give le account number , if she h ne and I will the sie sp irse insert my own . all eee you be the mar . hm , e.kave™a , little itch there , would a ind ? angere , L ffre hit even harder . James grimace but do not cryseut . a ©) bond ( cont 'd ) ay at be good , but a little to the a syiett .. yd ( he hit again ) yes !!! thank you , perfect . ( recover ) now you can tell all you friend that you die scratch my ball . le chiffre ( laugh ) I die ? T die . bond yes . because no matter what you do , I be not go to tell you the password , which mean you client will hunt you down and cut you into tiny piece of meat while you be still breathe . and by kill I you will have lose you only chance for a safe haven . see ee ee eee 's eae ee ee issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 89 . 169 continued : ( 2 ) 169 Le chiffre go to hit bond again . bond 's whole body tense in anticipation , eye squeeze tight - but the blow never see " come . he open he eye to a sadistic grin . le chiffre oh , but you be wrong . because even after I have slaughter you and the girl , you people will still welcome I with open arm . because they need what I know . bond recognize this harsh truth . hear a scream from the room at the far end of the basement . bond '' es not to react . dv i , le chiffre tha’ give I the password and I least let she live . event enough and she might we ns ) ee one piece . bond && ss > oe bond . os Z @y tffre enw you reall 't go to tell I , be you ? '' , I think . Le chiffre bijn ge wis leg up , kick bond square in the chest . i fit tip backwards and bond 's head hit the floor . wo : go black ... and as he open he eye to fight tou (e séiousness he only see flash of the " oy ms .. sorry . he bring the carpet- beati le chiffre ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ( over black ) I be go to cut this short . pond see Le chiffre 's knife flash open . he kneel behind the chair , apparently to slice off he genitals off screen . le chiffre ( cont 'd ) and feed you what you seem not to value . bond black out and we hear the sound of a silence weapon . one shot , then a grouping . bond struggle back from the edge and through a dutch and partially block camera we see a man in shadow stride out of the room where vesper be be torture . black again as ... 169 170 ~ereee ! 17 . 172 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 90 . continued : ( 3 ) 169 le chiffre ( o0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( over black ) no , tell he . tell he I will get the money ! back up and we see bond 's torture point of view . mr. white , the man with the shadow face stand over Le chiffre . mr . white money be not as valuable as know who to trust . he fire a silence shot . Le chiffre dis vena bond 's view . Mr. White fire two more shot doyii hat we assume be Le chiffre 's head . White turn to look at bond . bo ew .. he eye open . we drift to black and sile teen glimpse : int . hospital corridor - ew fev ) night 170 bond 's head must be on its as we see what look like blurred leg move ntea ’@y yorsos , god - awful- hospital - green wall , accompaniedst ; arble of voice : a e.r . mixing with the hospi A. paging someone . and vesper be nurse monitoring he se 's resident bark order , scream . ze a face of anothess font , a woman on a park gurney , stare back bondyas he pass -- solange , lie dead , eye locke a\his , she look ask why he do this to she . bond ye he head to keep watch . it 's the last ima 7b see before he pass out again . from black re impse d4 ing room - bond' Pov 171 ac hony of voice as the medical team swirl in and most ? y out of focus around bond . a blurry nurse , mask head to toe , put a mask over bond 's nose and mouth and ask he to " count backward from one hundred . " James slip uncomfortably into blackness . then glimpse : int . private clinic - recovery room -~ day later 172 a blur of image ... a nurse pump James ' leg toward he gut , notice he flicker eye . another nurse ( garble , then : ) .conscious ! issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 91 . 172 continued : 172 another resident ( move toward not he / garble voice ) . increase dosage by 20 cc 's .... he jab a needle into James ' arm . notice that bond 's stubble be quite thick . he catch a blurred glimpse of vesper . she see he eye flutter and move closer . jame ( barely a whisper ) . vesper ? then mathis step in close to she and snipe yy the arm . jame ' breathe become panicked . es a ) jame ( cont 'd ) @y '' ( barely audible ) £& not he . 11 ) eye close and we be in black ee vesp -- drug induce ree to heal . flash of blurred meet ie now interrupt the sd darkness . a ) '' jame ( v.o. ) ox . not vesper ( v.o. ) ft the doctor . as wae with its blurry shape ... bes jame yy do not trust he . the fhape take focus -- it 's vesper hurry out of the recovery room . suddenly mathis appear right beside he . mathis James , listen to I . you be in good hand . James see that he be cocoon in hi-tech foil ' sheet ' hold off he lower abdomen by a blanket of air , with drip and monitor connect to he on both side . mathis . ( cont 'd ) there 's no way to know what kind of damage have be cause , but the sen wound do not become infect , so there 's a good chance .... 172 173 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 92 . continued : ( 2 ) 172 bond Water ? mathis Ice chip be about all you get . as mathis turn and empty the plastic glass , pour in more ice chip ... bond check the trolley , spot scissor on a nearby table . he stretch out of the bed for they ... bond grab the scissors and go crashing to the floor , he world tumble upside down and go black as everything clatter and smashes to the tile around he , so black : mathis ( v.o. ) ( conn ) a any idea ? what ? 173 ext . clinic porch -- day bond open he eye to see in a robe , a few day stronger , but still weak , jase ) in a wheelchair take in the breeze from Lake nee mathis sit opposite he . ( with e two of you alive . why they ze as bond wheye be \whe ? sd mathis aep . and I be suppose to get to drink this . ing 7 fat - puypour liquid from a container , stir ... we only ee Tenet he be do , he could be put anything in eitota bond know it . vy mathis ( cont 'd ) it 's just odd , kill everyone else but leave you and she untouched . almost as if someone be try to tell we something . get a look at the killer ? bond no. mathis shame . drink up . bond spot two men walk toward they along the porch , behind mathis . professional , by the way they walk . they could be come to kill he or just collect the body . 173 174 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 93. continued : 173 mathis ( cont 'd ) anything else you remember ? anything that can help we ? bond help we or help you ? mathis ' suddenly understand . mathis what do he say ? bond just a little too much . S suddenly there 's a needle jabbe into i a geox . he try to mouth some word but quickly out . the two a stretcher , cover he ina '' é ' a mi6 é " attendant " in white wheel he away . > — James close he eye and ory to sleep . black . a moment . > sy a ext . clinic porch - yy day 174 man lift he and whisk he cee ae an ae ha door and onto bond wake in a see lounge chair . his stubble have turn into quite a megan 22 beard . vesper sit beside he , more bie pan ever . bond ga you alright ? a ) : x vesper € ) ( have : she bandage a finger ) nothing that can not heal . ( look at he ) I be be awful . I can not resist waking you . every time I do , you look at I as if you have not see I in month . it 's so lovely . make I feel ... reborn . bond if you be just bear would not you be naked ? vesper see , you have I there . a moment , now admit . issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 94 . 174 continued : 174 vesper ( cont 'd ) the truth be ... you can have I rd anywhere . bond ( a little surprised ) I can , can 1 ? she climb onto the arm of he chair and drape she arm around he neck . vesper yes . here . there . anywhere you , < like . ( ex e cz bond < sy he would you say you be warmi t I ? gS & S ae vesper ew yes , that 's how I woul , '' dgscribe it . mss '' mar ws bon ) ( 7 yy '' because not ege no ago I would have we ckeeee '' one feeling toward I as .. aet ( 'me no a better word than loathing : aes vesper . nem a complicated woman . ) bond I in va jis something to fear . es vesper ase where would you like I ? y bond I be afraid " like " be not the problem . vesper ..- how do it feel ? bond mostly numb , fortunately . ( see someone approach ) speak of numb . vesper turn to see mendel , the swiss banker , approach with a briefcase . she shift back onto she own seat , but do not try and hide they closeness . ussue to production Dec 20 , 2005 95 . 174 continued : ( 2 ) 174 vesper Mr. mendel . how be thing in soe Switzerland ? mendel do not crack a smile . he open he briefcase , under : mendel my apology , I do not mean to rush , but a hundred and twenty million be a large sum of money . bond ( share vesper 's game ) ‘y do not bring we any chocolat ss & anything ? ep 7 mendel scy I be afraid not . J ) ( to vesper ) y if you would type i vaccount number ? sy y c4 she type the number in {ce hncroter . he turn to bond : ep ( cont 'd ) word ? _ bond sper ) & op enter it . vesper route , darling , if I know what ss @ be . xe DS bond q ) ( as she type ) v...e...s... she look at he . he smile . she be touch to point of tear . force they away , she type in p-e -r . mendel close the briefcase . mendel the fund have be transfer . sorry for disturbing you . mendel walk off . vesper hide the fact that she be a little overwhelm by the password . finally ... vesper ‘oxen ? you know , James ... 174 175 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 96 . continued : ( 3 ) 174 bond ( deflect ) yes . tall fellow , dark hair , think he know who he be ...? vesper shhh . I just want you to know , that if all that be leave of you be you smile and you little finger , you would still be more of aman than anyone I have ever meet . bond well , that 's because you know wi I can do with that little finggr . ay a vesper I have no idea ! acy & € 2 bond e but you be aching the . & NY xn cook at he and speak oa mmer . you arent ss let I in there , for get you armor have scthat ' 2 that . she shift back onto she cha the truth with a omite , bond conside aol lift he hand , crook he little finger and ons she closer . she lean in , they kiss tenderly . we speak the truth in a whisper . 0 bond a ave no armor leave . you stripped ys vit off I and toss it away . 5s whatever be leave of I . sz vesper shhhh . bond whatever be leave , whatever I be ...1 be yours . she look into he eye , overwhelm by this simple , brave declaration , and finally kiss he -- tenderly , then deeper . int . private clinic - jame ! recovery room -- week later 175 rain outside . 175 176 177 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 97 . continued : 175 the two lover , lock in a passionate kiss , stumble through the porch door and onto the hospital bed , vesper landing atop he as the two desperately pull off each other 's clothes , they lip parting only long enough for a garment to pass over a head . bond be now clean shaven . vesper 's hand slide down across James ' stomach . we cut to they face before she hand find it 's mark . her coy smile tell we what we need to know , as do James . he roll she over and the two tumble recklessly off camera onto the floor , with a clatter of fall trays , a scream and a burst of off - screen laughter . in the foreground another piece of hospital equipment topple gh hey destroy the room from below screen . the door in bite sisproon we have be hold on be flung open and vant '' ned young nurse burst in . her face change ansiang when she see 1 on what we can not . rc ) young nurse '' oh , scuzzi , sour ea ) xs oe and she disappear with eae urtive glance back . in the foreground a unused fall and knock over another tray , result . she burst of vesper 's laughter , which quick erer to gasp of consume y pleasure . a ») ext . yacht - agen sea , -- day 176 of the hold ying vesper . both be naked , and damn if James ' arm 's not just in the wrong place , so all we get al os be tease ? ) ~ vesper po rse a ) : sono . no , that 's not go to happen . x) James , I be serious . this be my serious face . do you see it ? you be good at read people , what do this face say ? anchore in pembera lonely bay . James climb up out xo jame ( still move ) it say I know I be say do not drop I in the water but do not believe I for a second . vesper scream as James fling she over the side and then dive in after she . ext . surface of beautiful BAY -- continuous 177 vesper surface and throw back she hair . James come up beneath and behind she and wrap he hand around she waist . nia issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 98 . 177 continued : 177 the two tumble and bob in the water as they talk , the hint of they naked body under the rippling water only make '' ener '' this that much more delicious . vesper so , tell I mié be go to give you a well deserve vacation , and we can float around the world . as if consider it for the first time : bond I like this yacht thing . zs 6 vesper yes , it 's you . bond you think ? vesper seclude bay , cleay X woman , very oe ag < 7 ) ( look axound , fete} lake ? gi it ) ee huh. oe 3 os ss he swim for the ea S 178 on the wang , on sethe waterline , rest on the sand . she swim herself up onto he chest . she race he . 178 ay bond no ) well , I suppose m will not miss I a for at least a day or two . she have she hand full sweat mathis . vesper ..- mathis ? bond remember I tell he about Le chiffre 's " tell . " well mathis tell Le chiffre and that 's how he wipe I out . ( be : heal wound ) same with the implant , though I can not say I be overly sad about . lose that . vesper ... I can not believe it . st '' '' seme 178 179 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 continued : bond that 's why we be call spy , 99 . 178 dear . if people spot we true intention too easily they would have to come up with another name for we . stooge , for example . ( more think fully ) it be in plain sight . but I think he have my back . lesson learn . vesper do everyone have a tell ? bond ( study she face ) everyone but you . I wonder ( ) that 's why I love you . at thing . sn ( throw ) you love I ? '' we have ~ it will to be you , I do not think now what a honest job be y we but vesper 4 longer play the game . face tow y and look into he eye . / e sw bi t enough to q ag foe around the owe uu , until one of ° . have ' vesper ou be serious . bond ( finally open up ) like you say . you do what I do for too long and there will not be any soul leave to salvage . I be leave with what little be leave of mine , it enough for you ? vesper smile , deeply touch , and reach vesper ... yeah , she kiss he deeply . ext . yacht -- under sail -- dawn vesper steer they small yacht toward the honest job . think she turn bond 's for he . 179 shimmer city see 179 180 181 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 100 . continued : 179 in the distance -- venice . bond type a message into he handheld : " ] hereby tender my resignation with immediate effect . " he press send . ext . canal -- venice -- early morning 180 they yacht motor down the narrow canal . vesper look up at a pass building , a subside palazzo hold in place by float and a undignify girdle of scafféld . something about the image be disquieting . & eg od avo a tourist in a Panama hat stand near he ilsnapp photo , point he camera in they ( vex on . when he lower he camera she see that he gbasses have one darken lens . vesper study hi ov\ja moment , then he lift the camera again and point '' just over she head . vesper turn and follow he ae ees a fabulously bedeck wedding party ste ffom the church step into they wait gondolas . eter solve . James catch she loo ! bag et the wedding party and smile . vesper blushes ans{ge ss ee k to paddle . int . fabulous 3 ! vine venetian HOTEL -- morning 181 they be nak aga ) and vesper surface from the sheet and cover ; fhayfully fight bond off . ( es vesper i to ) enough . stop . I can barely ay S 1 k as it be . if you have not La he ' notice , it have be quite a while '' '' ) ) for I . sy jame for I , as well . vesper look at he and then burst out laugh . James take just a little offense to this . slightly defensive : jame ( cont 'd ) what be you laugh at ? she snort she 's laugh so hard . search the cover : vesper where 's the camera ? I need a picture of that face . which make James even more defensive , which she find endlessly charming , see this small flaw in this otherwise 181 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 101 . continued : 181 almost perfect man . jame I mean since it mean something . vesper ( laugh harder ) oh , that 's so much better . she snap a photo . jame you know I do have a license to 2 kill . 5 ) . ) sz and he go after she . she scramble £f * mea and out of the endless tangle of cover . G ~ vesper have , you give it up £ 67 remember ? q ry '' ( he grab she , escape ) of ah ! no , no , I hee yy get to the bank . what it bal ? ( find wat they '11 feel by pene . how much do you fi swe need to float for a momtheoo e ay jame 5 ave , plenty . St vesper no ee ) I intend to pay for my half of x ' we aimless wanderings . ys 2 oh '' she t-shirt on the floor and tug it on . bond pro : imself against the end of the bed and pull the cover $ around he , study she as she dress . jame you stop wear it . you necklace . vesper ah. yeah . it be time . jame time enough to get over someone ? vesper to realize ... ( a smile ) .. that sometimes you can run away from the past . issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 102 . 181 continued : ( 2 ) 181 as James try to read she unreadable smile , vesper 's cell phone ring . she find it in she upside down purse -- check the read-out . her face change for just a second . vesper ( cont 'd ) though apparently not you employer . ( type reply : ) " back in one month . " ( drop it on the table ) come on . walk I down . i'11 get money , you get supplies . 182 int . HOTEL lobby -- venice -- morning < 182 of bond and vesper step out of the crevaor ( eri 3 arm . as they walk toward the front door someth} gat kié she eye . bond follow she second glance , notic cd exer the man with the Panama hat and onblaayeenea lens talk to the concierge . the man turns¢and niead for the bar . as they reach the front srergi ( eo9 ns bow ) @ ) a someone you know ? i on , exe NY aw7him on the canal . & ss '' bond it as 1 town . meet you back 2 rp half a hour ? they kise pn ' ahe take off toward San Marco Square . only when she go do bond betray he suspicion . he step q the HOTEL . ba t vow S go phone the concierge and slip he a bill . bond ( cont 'd ) the man in there . remind I of a friend I know who lose he eye . concierge mister gettler . bond that 's he . what do he do now ? concierge Mr. gettler repair watch . he be here for the conference . bond there 's a conference for watch repairmen ? 182 183 184 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 103 . continued : 182 concierge there 's a conference for everything , sir . bond walk to where he can see gettler , who stand at the bar talk animatedly with a tall man who be show he a pocket watch . satisfied , bond head back to the elevator . int . elevator 183 James ' handheld ring just as the door close . answer it : jame jo hello ?.... hold on , I be in the ke '' ...- in a lift .... ina ... ( 2 qe James react at he own remiatergye ga the call . ) int . fabulous suite - grand venee HOTEL 184 James enter and walk to ches sw , hope to catch a glimpse of vesper in the bi rigeza . no trace of she , but gettler , the man wit ee mama hat , and he tall friend weave through the crew James turn away from the room . he notice vesper 's window and look around cell phone on the ake . or some reason this strike he as odd -- she 's nevi it behind before . his handheld ring and he a wee : vebin yy jame ss ( p we m ( 0.8 . ) 3 an that 's better ; it sound as ) 4 £ you be in a lift . eo sy ? '' , '' ) jame sy that be odd . he pick up vesper 's phone , look at it with curiosity . m ( o.s. ) I get you note . jame yes , I figure you would be call . m ( o.s. ) we will talk about that later . right now I have a lovely man from the treasury here wonder if you be ever go to deposit the winning . this hit James like a sledgehammer , but he betray nothing . issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 104 . 184 185 186 187 188 189 continued : 184 jame I be think of use it as a stake to win myself a small nest egg . int , m's office 185 she play to a nervous senior treasury official . m yes , I tell they not to worry . so you will be deposit it today . int . fabulous suite - grand venetian mr oy 186 James thumb button on vesper 's phone oy '' oq jame ee on my way to the bank be os ow . James disconnect and dial I veld as he exit the room . int . HOTEL corridor ee 187 bond take the stair &s egs threaten to give way under he . he se sae fper 's cell for message . . < S , ( anh he handheld ) Mr please .... Mr. mendel , as oe . I be have a little fea pone a the fund I sdite in my account . o& oi the tiutext message on vesper 's phone read " waiting " the stairwell start to spin around he . int ? ker mendel' office 188 mendel tap he computer keyboard . mendel it be transfer to the account number you company give we , Mr. bond . it appear the fund be actually be withdraw as we speak . jame ( q.s. ) where ? int , HOTEL staircase 189 bond read vesper 's text reply : coming now . sanne 189 190 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 105 . continued : 189 mendel ( 0.s. ) the Venice branch , of course . Saint marcos Square . James break into a full run , ext . venice -- day 190 assaulted by the noise and swirl of the crowd , he blood boil , bond careen through the crowd as he approach Saint marcos Square . he find the bank , look inside -- no sign of vesper . he step back into the square , search for a trace of she in the crowd . he spot & flash of she dress and a aluminum briefcase disappear into a alley . he take off run . follow she into . '' ) or \e7 NY the maze of canal and alley @ yy be foo in time to see she disappear on cnstesy side of a canal . James leap onto the roof of a p , ssing 's funeral launch , roll onto park gondolas and - lew onto the opposite bank . for C os. ign deep in the back sonsen , of gop ing venice the part tourist eo can of slop be emptied onto a garbage sc au hy flap over rusting lawn furniture , boat li pak up await repair to they N rotting hull . a < 0 5 soy way to go and no sign of he quarry . } James stop ; io sound ech ak grouna he , water lap , child 's voice bounce ote s. then the distinctive click of vesper 's shoe on @ofe / bond slide he walther from its holster and ea : er . vo the pitch black corridor between building . hey or’ the silencer as he near the mouth , and see : yesy er ) and the tall man fromthe hotel bar step in from the opposite direction , approach vesper , who wait with the large metal briefcase . jame step into the light . the three turn as they hear : jame hello , dear . who be you friend ? tall man dig for a weapon . without break he stride James put two slug in tall man 's chest , knock he down . gettler pulis vesper in front of he ; he stiletto flick out of its handle and the tip dig into she neck . see ! 190 191 192 193 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 106 . continued : 190 gettler I will kill she . jame allow I . vesper 's eye widen as James raise he weapon to fire . a fraction of a second before he can pull the trigger ... tall man fire he automatic weapon , spraying the courtyard as he rise , revealing a tear shirt over a kevlar vest . into the narrow back alley , along with she case . rd brief action sequence : ny ke 191 @ bond under automatic weapon itis pa ray . lose he a . cos James dive for cover . gettler grab fen rojee drag she ny t silence walther in canal ; kilis bond head off after vesper ang seepier N 's the narrow alley ms 192 cy lead to a dead end -- sel eral 's building open off a tiny pogether by wire girdle . square , they facade cs . a woman in a nearby adw scream at he as he check the door . he find 'o wake frame , kick open the door , step into darkness andy . a int . dark aghieagput build 193 ... pli ' ye grab something in the dark , get he wind b nal swing himself back up to the doorframe . wee ) he -old woman be still scream at he . now he wes why in shaft of light come through the slatted window , he cah just make out that the floor have be remove . huge inflate balloon lie in they place , to stop the house from sink while the foundation be repair . half goat , bond navigate the inch - wide stone shelf that line the wall , all that 's leave of the floor . follow the distant , creak sound of sway metal , he reach ... the remains of a CENTER stairwell surround a elevator shaft - just a black pit below . look up , bond spy the cage sway two storey above ... James ease he way up the skeletal stairwell frame , search the shadow for gettler . he reach the top floor and approach the elevator cage . 193 194 195 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 107 . continued : 193 vesper lie on the floor , propped against the far wall , she mouth bloody . she see the hatred in bond 's eye . vesper James ... James slam the accordion elevator door shut . bond do not go anywhere , dear . you be the big picture . now , where be you - -? a vesper 's eye widen . bond twist in time @ vaqid the cree blade in he back . he grab gettler and '' { le into ye G the void . C @ ) they land on the balloon two flog a 4 gettler 's knife puncture the rubber surface . a , hujopen , the gigantic air bag split and the two man pring : nto the basement , wrap in yard of suffocatin spiastic . the whole house creak loudly , a terrible nose < sy . - sy the place drop a few fee ( < 9 Water pour in . ext . grand canal -- D. ny 194 beautiful shot 0 ! abe in the grand canal : focus on a row of villas < < cand\the one villa several foot below the level of the oth sy tilting and sink ... ye int . dilap D , house , grand canal , venice 195 ss ) gettler ee at bond , almost gut he as the house tilt kck and support strut fall all around , ing '' to brain they . threat : kon sortes above - the cage thredten to break away from the landing . vesper lunge for the accordion door but the cage give way , swing hard and smashes into the far wall before sway halfway back . a huge ceiling beam above jerk out of its moor , tip and fall . vesper scream as it punch a hole right through the elevator cage . bond hear the crash , look up just in time to leap out of the way as the beam smashes into the flood basement . gettler seize the advantage , grab bond and pull he under 195 196 197 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 108 . continued : 195 the surface . the two enemy fight and gouge at each other as timber , brick and and jag tile puncture the surface of the water and emb themselves in the muddy bottom . the two surface and scramble to the partially flood first floor , now at 45 degree and tilting fast . above they the elevator cage swing , smash the door open . vesper hold on to keep from fall out as the safety cable threaten to give way . berow ee , gettler grab a shard of fall timber rigrivd it into bond 's gut -- not fatally but enough ee se serious pain . bond scream , fall back , yank the ;reygh '' hewn spear out of he side and drive it into get as throat . as he die , bond hear the safety cable . ae give way and the cage fall another ten foot . ~ 2 ae the .s ~ James race to the next fl non ) dive across the divide . vesper see bond work h wi around to the open cage door . she use all she ' ath to fling herself across the cage and grab fe . she slam it shut just before 2 x bond reach it and di ive the hook home to lock it . SF bond look at kez the fuck be she do ? she force something into nik hand -- the necklace . sp ne '' wee vesper hw see he -- ep I bond vaqitfek the accordion door , it will not open . on bs , . ss ) y pall on it ! bond vesper if you see he ... tell he I be sorry . but I fall in love . bond ... who ?? the cable snap and the cage plunge two storey and sink . ext . grand canal 196 the house threaten to topple into the canal . int . dilapidated house , grand canal , venice 197 James fight through the murky water , desperately chase the sink cage . ae eae ! ussue to production Dec 20 , 2005 109 . 197 198 199 200 continued : 197 in the elevator , vesper see bond come and back away . bond grab the gate and pull on it with all he might , try to force it open , desperate to get to she . vesper swim across the cage , reach through the accordion door and pull James ' head toward she . and kiss he . she break away and open she mouth , take in water . bond reach through the cage , grab she and yank she to he -- force the air from he lung into hers . she frees herself and look at he . if she could cry under water she would . she open she mouth again , gulpsin the muddy water and drown herself . ' a ©) sei ae the syne find a ledge , o. y try to force James yank open the door , grab she a surface . as the house fall around t pull she up and pound on she ches ! a : the water out of she lung . wl '' cs coe ss as even they small purchase di : a q0e ) rs underwater , bond find a window and pull she sate h he onto the shore . no ext . grand canal -- conti gy '' 198 CO James pull she onto t supblestone and seal he mouth over hers , desper : dork by mge to bring she back to life . lcs : a crowd gather , ; jsomeone try to pull he away from she -- ravi bang he fist on she chest , cry out ... 7 wide shot of tragedy a pair of glass with gold rim drop down in the corner .6 frame , hold by the unseen man who stand just 3 screen in extreme foreground . mr. white tap the g sse ' inst he leg , then turn and walk away ... leave =e another day . ext . 2 beautiful BAY - the aegean sea - dusk 199 the same spot where we see the lover swim . bond 's yacht bob softly in the clear water . he sit on the bow , he portable computer in he lap , a earbud in he ear . m's voice he be algerian . they meet when she be on vacation . int . m's office -- late day 200 alone at she desk . issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 110 . 200 continued : 200 m -- he be kidnap and they blackmail she , threaten to kill he unless she cooperate . mis should have catch it ... intercut as need : 201 back with bond 201 m's voice ... but sometimes we be so focus on we enemy we forget to watch , '' we friend . of D t C on the screen be the candid photo of / 1 soe a6 presner and they brief time together . @) ex ( owe no bond sh be he still alive ? € m & we do not know . §& rare know he be probably i dey in which case she die ying to free a man who betrayed : he rom the start . sa edh dog ? see & ss ie bond velhis syhought elsewhere ) eft she cell phone , she must pre own I would check it . py ) m sife know you be you . va ( a moment ) at least this clear mathis . bond no. m no ? bond we just prove she be guilty , not that he 's innocent . it could have be a double blind . keep sweat he . m you do not trust anyone , do you '' wee James ? 201 202 203 204 jssued to production Dec 20 , 2005 111 . continued : 201 bond no. m then you have learn you lesson . get back as soon as you can , we need you . bond will do . m ... i£ you do need time ... C J 2 bond ke @ why should I need more time ? se. we job be do . the bitch be ay 's oo James ? do you ask yortsae why you be not kill i thet ) basement ? ( beat ) soy to save you perhaps she even hope they would let she live , leave y' to in '' peace . but she be a_ sma ivl ; I be sure she know . he we go to she death . bond take thys in sbut do not respond . he pull the plug from he '' ws toss the laptop into the aegean . it 's obvious , ism she make a deal . she ‘ait e : the money on the o' of the line 202 m S the phone , know she 's just sacrifice a man a spy , and for the briefest of moment , not not iin happy with herself . [ derwater 203 the laptop short out and the last image of bond and vesper disappear . it land on the bottom of the rocky bay . on board the yacht 204 bond watch it disappear . he look down at the few personal item of vesper 's that remain and wonder if he have the strength to throw they in as well . then he pick up she cell phone , hit a button , check the address book ... and understand why she leave the phone , and be overcome with emotion . ns nae '' 7 205 issue to production Dec 20 , 2005 412. ext . medieval villa -- day 205 through the stand of cypress tree we spy a car pull up into the courtyard of a villa . a man step out with a briefcase , Mr. White . his cell phone ring , he answer it . tighter shot - through a telescopic sight mr . white who 's this ? the cross hair go from he head to he knee 's <~ which explode as it be strike by a silenced round no . ) eo ae Mr. White crawl toward the front / dgarecipave a trail of plood . foot step into the frame , oce he path . White look up to see : o- of bond hss he flip close vesper 's angle on courtyard the name James , bond . and yours and as the camar a\g ms up to the heaven we hear , for the first ge cpebtes rol strain of the famous bond theme . ls CUT to bla credit roll . '' S on ) @. - the end -