casino by Nicholas pileggi ext . restaurant parking lot , las vega , 1983 - day SAM ' ace ' rothstein , a tall , lean , immaculately dress man approach he car , open the door , and get inside to turn on the ignition . ace ( v.o. ) when you love someone , you have gotta trust they . there 's no other way . you have get to give they the key to everything that 's yours . otherwise , what 's the point ? and , for a while ... I believe that 's the kind of love I have . suddenly , the car explode . flame , smoke and metal rise into the sky cover the view of the Las Vegas casinos and they sign . Music in : j.s. bach - ' St Matthew Passion ' . Ace 's body come fly in - extreme slow motion . his body twist and turn through the frame like a soul about to tumble into the flame of damnation . MAIN title sequence . int . tangier casino floor - night vignette of ace through rippling flame , we move in on ace rothstein oversee the casino . he light a cigarette . ace ( v.o. ) before I ever run a casino or get myself blow up , Ace rothstein be a hell of a handicapper , I can tell you that . I be so good , that whenever I bet , I could change the odd for every bookmaker in the country . I be serious . I have it down so cold that I be give paradise on earth . I be give one of the biggest casinos in Las Vegas to run , the tangier ... int . san marino italian grocery / back room , kansas CITY - night vignette of mob boss sit at a table surround by food and wine like the god of Olympus . ace ( v.o. ) ...by the only kind of guy that can actually get you that kind of money : sixty - two million , seven-hund thousand dollar . I do not know all the detail . nicky ( v.o. ) matter of fact ... int . bar , las vega - night vignette of nicky santoro stand at a bar with dominick santoro , he brother , and frank marino , he right -hand man . nicky ( v.o. ) ... nobody know all the detail , but it should 'a be perfect . I mean , he have I , nicky santoro , he best friend , watch he ass ... int . nightclub - night vignette of ginger mckenna a dazzle thirty - one - year - old blonde seat by a small fiery pool . nicky ( v.o. ) ... and he have Ginger , the woman he love , on he arm . but in the end ... int . tangier sportsbook / ace' office - night ace look over the casino he rule . nicky ( v.o. ) ... we fuck it all up . it should 'a be so sweet , too . but it turn out to be the last time that street guy like we be ever give anything that fuckin ' valuable again . ext . las vega - night aerial shot come down out of the cloud over the brightly light Vegas Strip and off into the blackness of the desert night . ace ( v.o. ) at that time , Vegas be a place where million of sucker fly in every year on they own nickel , and leave behind about a billion dollar . but at night , you could not see the desert that surround Las Vegas ... ext . desert - dawn aerial shot swoop along the desert floor , then rise above the mist to reveal mountain in the distance . ace ( v.o. ) but it 's in the desert where lot of the town 's problem be solve . nicky ( v.o. ) get a lot of hole in the desert , and a lot of problem be bury in that hole . except you gotta do it right . I mean , you gotta have the hole already dig before you show up with a package in the trunk . otherwise you be talkin ' about a half - hour or forty - five minute of diggin ' . and who know who 's gonna be comin ' along in that time ? before you know it , you gotta dig a few more hole . you could be there all fuckin ' night . ext . las vega strip , 1973 - night title in : ' the strip ' , ' las vega ' , ' ten year earlier ' ace be greet by a casino exec and walk through the brightly light entrance to the tangier casino . ace ( v.o. ) who could resist ? anywhere else in the country , I be a bookie , a gambler , always lookin ' over my shoulder , hassle by cop , day and night . but here , I be ' Mr Sam rothstein ' . I be not only legitimate , but run a casino . and that 's like sell dream for cash . int . tangier casino - night we see ace enter alone . he be greet by billy sherbert . they be join by top executive richie and ronnie in suit and tie . they walk through the casino , past crowded and noisy crap table , spin roulette wheel , blackjack table , poker - face player at poker table , and elegant , cordon - off , black - tie , baccarat table . ace ( v.o. ) I hire a old casino pal , billy sherbert , as my manager and I go to work . sherbert ( introduce the execs to ace ) ... and this be ronnie , who take care of the card room ... ace ( v.o. ) for guy like I , Las Vegas wash away you sin . it 's a morality car wash . it do for we what lourd do for humpback and cripple . and , along with make we legit ... int . tangier / hard count room - night dolly back from a wall of money . a employee pour a bucket full of coin into a trough . camera follow progress as numerous coin move on a conveyor system , through a sorting machine . camera reveal several roll of coin on a lower conveyor as they move up a ladder towards a employee 's hand , who then place the roll on a rack . ace ( v.o. ) ... come cash . ton of it . I mean , what do you think we be do out here in the middle of the desert ? it 's all this money . this be the end result of all the bright light and the comp trip , of all the champagne and free hotel suite , and all the broad and all the booze . it 's all be arrange just for we to get you money . that 's the truth about Las Vegas . int . tangier / floor / soft count room - day camera follow JOHN nance carry a small suitcase and walk through the casino to a door lead to the cashier 's cage . the sign on the door read ' authorize personnel only ' . he walk through the cage , to another door : ' notice - keep out ' . ace ( v.o. ) we be the only winner . the player do not stand a chance . and they cash flow from the table to we box ... through the cage and into the most sacred room in the casino ... the place where they add up all the money ... the holy of holy ... the count room . he open the door . we see inside the count room from nance's point of view . it look like the area behind a teller 's cage in a bank . a large room , windowless , decor-free . one side be a mesh cage , open to reveal stack of cash box . several counter in white shirt be gather around a glass table count and sorting paper money . ) ace ( v.o. ) now this place be off limit . counter # 1 verify two thousand . ace ( v.o. ) even I could not get inside , but it be my job to keep it fill with cash . that 's for sure . nicky ( v.o. ) they have so much fuckin ' money in there , you could build a house out of stack of $ 100 bill . and the best part be that upstairs , the board of director do not know what the fuck be go on . at one end of the room the clerk empty the metal box and rapidly count the cash at a count table . the camera follow a cash ' drop box ' be lift from the stack by a clerk . he pour the cash on to the table and show the empty box to a video camera . counter # 2 rapidly count the cash and announce : counter # 2 five thousand . nicky ( v.o. ) I mean , to they everything look on the up and up . right ? wrong . the first counter recount the cash . counter # 1 verify five thousand . nicky ( v.o. ) the guy inside the count room ... stack of bill lie nearby . the camera pan across the room to another table manned by a count room executive who repeat the figure and write it down on a master list . count room exec five thousand . we move back to nance open a cabinet full of stack of $ 100 bill . he open he suitcase and begin to fill it with cash . as he do this , the worker studiously look in other direction . nicky ( v.o. ) ... be all slip in there to skim the joint dry . they would do short count , they would lose fill slip . they would even take cash right out of the drop box . and it be up to this guy right here [ nance ] , standin ' in front of about two million dollar , to skim the cash off the top without anybody gettin ' wise ... the IRS or anybody . counter # 1 verify two hundred . nance close the case and walk out . one of the counter dump another container of money on the table . nicky ( v.o. ) now , notice how in the count room nobody ever seem to see anything . somehow , somebody 's always lookin ' the other way . now , look at this guy [ counter ] . they look busy , right ? they be countin ' money . who want to bother they ? I mean , God forbid they should make a mistake and forget to steal . meanwhile , you be in and you be out . nance exit the count room and proceed through the lobby of the casino , pass ace and sherbert , to a side exit door . nicky past the jag-off guard who get a extra c-note a week just to watch the door . I mean , it 's routine . Business as usual : in , out , hello , goodbye . and that 's all there be to it . just another fat fuck walkin ' out of the casino with a suitcase . now , that suitcase be goin ' straight to one place : right to Kansas City ... which be as close to Las Vegas as the Midwest boss could go without gettin' themselves arrest . nance leave the casino and get into a cab park at the curb . ext . kansas CITY airport - day nance arrive . he be greet by artie piscano , a gray-haire sixty - year - old underboss . title in : ' kansas CITY ' nicky ( v.o. ) that suitcase be all the boss ever want ... and they want it every month . piscano hey , John , how be you ? how be you ride ? ext . san marino italian grocery , kansas CITY - day nance , with suitcase , and piscano leave the car and enter the produce market . nicky ( v.o. ) now this old mormon fuck here ... CUT to : nance , as he get out of piscano' car int . san marino italian grocery , kansas CITY - day nance and piscano walk through the grocery store , through the warehouse , past various employee to a doorway lead into the back room , where they be greet by five older man around a large wooden table with bowl of macaroni and old jelly glass fill with red wine . nicky ( v.o. ) ...he have to fly in with suitcase once a month , nice and easy . nance somethin ' smell good . piscano yeah , they make we something ' to eat . nicky ( v.o. ) the boss would come from all over the place : Detroit , Cleveland , milwaukee . all over the Midwest . and they would meet in the back of this produce market in Kansas City . I mean , nobody even know . nance shake hand with americo capelli , sixty -eight , a bald , affable milwaukee entrepreneur and arthur capp , he thirty - year - old yuppie lawyer son . camera continue to pan around the room . nicky ( v.o. ) one of the guy make he mother do all the cooking . on vincent borelli , seventy - year- old Kansas City boss . borelli do you ever see that guy Jerry steriano ? on vinnie forlano , mid-seventy , a old - timer who once drive for capone and be now remo gaggi 's right -hand man . forlano Jerry steriano ? borelli yeah . nicky ( v.o. ) now , this old greaseballs might not look it , but believe I , this be the guy who secretly control Las Vegas . piscano join he mother and daughter by a stove . piscano' mother that man 's here again . piscano dip a piece of bread into a pot of tomato sauce . nicky ( v.o. ) because they control the teamster ' Union , and that 's where you have to go if you want to borrow money to buy a casino . borelli ( o.s. ) when you have finish with he , I want he . piscano' mother ( carry a plate of food to the table where borelli and forlano be seat . ) here you be , gentleman . nicky ( v.o. ) and nobody get a teamster ' loan , unless the guy in this room know they be gonna get they little suitcase . forlano get up from the table and walk toward nance . nicky ( v.o. ) guy like this antique here [ forlano ] , out of Detroit . or especially guy like remo gaggi , the outfit 's top boss . nance embrace remo gaggi who 's seat on a couch , and sit across from he . gaggi you get a round figure on it ? nicky ( v.o. ) definitely the most important guy in this room . nance ( pick up the suitcase ) about twenty pound . gaggi so ? nance that 's around seven hundred thousand . gaggi uh-huh , good . nance open the case to reveal the money . andy stone ( off-screen , from follow scene ) I know it 's a little early for Las Vegas ... int . tangier executive office PRESS conference / banquet room - day camera tilt down a model of the tangier Hotel and casino , then reveal the cover of Business week magazine with a draw of philip GREEN , a young corporate type , smile out under the headline : ' Philip Green , Vegas wunderkind ' . stone ( o.s. ) ... but I do want to welcome the lady and gentleman of the game industry . on andy stone , a middle - age man at a podium give a speech while GREEN , seat at a table , look on . photographer flash they camera . ace and sherbert , sit next to GREEN , also watch the photo op ceremony . ace ( v.o . ) as far as the world be concerned Andy Stone , the head of the teamster ' pension Fund , be a legitimate guy . stone this be a very auspicious occasion . ace ( v.o. ) a powerful man . stone Philip , if you would rise . Green stand up . ace ( v.o. ) he even play golf with the President . stone on behalf of the teamster ' pension Fund , it be my pleasure to present to you . . . ace ( v.o. ) but Andy also take order . and when he be tell to give a pension fund loan to Philip Green ... stone ( handing GREEN a large cardboard facsimile ' check ' ) ... this check for $ 62,700,000 for the new tangier . GREEN thank you . ace ( v.o. ) ...he do what he be tell . philip GREEN , who be now the head of the tangier Hotel and casino Corporation , be stand at the podium give a speech . nicky ( v.o. ) now here be the perfect front man . I mean , what the fuck else could he be ? he do not know too much . he do not want to know too much , especially that the boss make the teamster lend he the money . he want to believe the teamster give he all that fuckin ' money ' cause he be smart . a explode flash bulb fill the screen . GREEN ... I say that , know full well just how much competition we have in this great city . ext . cheap motel off highway - day we see a man and a woman swim underwater . camera reveal that they be in a motel swim pool with glass porthole . expensive car be park outside one of the room . hoods stand around outside the door . nicky ( v.o. ) and where they get Green from - who the fuck know ? all I know be that Green be a Arizona real estate hustler , who barely have enough gas money to come and pick up he own fuckin ' check ... int . tangier executive office PRESS conference / banquet room - day we return to the press conference . photographer snap away . in the background be six - foot blow - up of the Business week cover . the camera move past GREEN , capp and several other man , past sherbert , to ace . nicky ( v.o. ) now , all they need be somebody they could trust to run the casino . and who better than Ace ? I mean , he be already in Vegas a couple of year and he have the fuckin ' place clocked . freeze frame on ace . int . tangier swimming pool - day camera look straight down from the top of a hotel to a large pool area . nicky ( v.o. ) but typical Ace ... int . tangier swimming pool / poolside - day stone , in a bathing suit and robe , sit on a lounge chair with a telephone . ace , in sport clothes , sit on another chair . nicky ( v.o. ) ... give he a shot at runnin ' a casino and he try to talk you out of it . ace you know , I do not know if I could do this even if I want to . the Gaming Commission would never give I a license . I have at least two dozen gambling and bookmake pinch on I . stone you do not have to have a license to work in a casino . all you gotta do be apply for one . the state law say you can work in a casino while they be processing you application . they get a ten-year backlog . ace but what happen when they do find out ? stone why would they want to find out ? we be puttin ' a hundred million into this desert here . why would they want to lock we out ? and besides , they will never find out . all you gotta do be keep change you job title . like , uh , from casino executive to food and beverage Chairman . and what happen it , they take you application , they put it at the bottom of the pile . I know guy workin ' there for thirty year , do not have a license . ace ( exhales ) it 's a tough proposition , Andy . you , you know , if I do it , I would have to run it my way . stone you get it . ace I be serious . no interference . stone nobody 's gonna interfere with you run the casino . I guarantee it . Stone light a cigarette . int . tangier crap pit - night ace blow on a die . nicky ( v.o. ) and that 's how that get Ace to take over . ace 's hand place the die into a micrometer . nicky ( v.o . ) they want he because Ace eat , sleep and breathe gambling . camera swish tilt up to ace , then swish pan to boxman , dealer and player watch he , try to act calm . nicky ( v.o. ) they work out a real cute job title too . we see the die in the micrometer . nicky ( v.o. ) tangier Public Relations director . satisfied the die be not load ace set it on the crap table , the camera crane up to reveal the tangier casino floor . nicky ( v.o. ) but the only thing he ever direct be the casino . he make he first bet when he be fifteen year old , and he always make money . but he do not bet like you or I . a dealer be slide chip , toss they on to a crap table . nicky ( v.o. ) you know , havin ' some fun with it , shit like that . ace ( approach the dealer ) where the hell do you learn how to deal ? ( he reach down , stack and arrange the chip . ) nicky ( v.o. ) he bet like a fuckin ' brain surgeon . ace ( to the chastise dealer ) place the check properly . that 's the way you do it . dealer yes , sir . nicky ( v.o. ) he have to know everything , this guy . direct overhead tracking shot as ace walk between two row of game table . nicky ( v.o. ) he would find out the kind of inside stuff nobody else know , and that 's what he would put he money on . int . gym / bookie joint , back home , pre - seventie - day ace walk past two boxer sparring in a ring , through a doorway into a room where several gambler be seat around a table . nicky ( v.o. ) even back home , year ago , when we be first hangin ' out together ... title in : ' back home , year ago ' nicky ( v.o. ) ... he would know if the quarterback be on coke . ace be look at the odd board for college football game . the bookie , lucky larry , be wait for ace to hand in he pick . ace I will take Columbia for twenty . nicky ( v.o. ) if he girlfriend be knock up . lucky larry twenty dime on Columbia . . . as soon as ace bet , a man erase a number from the chalkboard and replace it be a ' 6 ' , change the odd . two gambler saunter from the room . nicky ( v.o. ) he would get the wind velocity so he could judge the field goal . he even figure out the different bounce you get off the different kind of wood they use on college basketball court , you know ? ext . gym / bookie joint public phone - day the two gambler we see saunter out of the bookie joint be racing to the nearest public phone . another gambler have already beat they to it . nicky ( v.o. ) he would be workin ' on this shit day and night . there be nothin ' about a game he be gonna bet that he do not know . gambler # 1 ( into phone ) Ace get down at six . gambler # 2 ( into phone ) Charlie , hey . rothstein get six . int . gym / bookie joint , several day later - day a bookie hand a stack of money to another bookie , who hand the money to ace . ace remove several bill from the top of the stack of winning and hold they out to the bookies . nicky ( v.o. ) season after season , the prick be the only guarantee winner I ever know . but he be so serious about it all that I do not think he ever enjoy himself . but ... ace exit . nicky ( v.o. ) ... that 's just the way he be . int . mob social club back room - night the room have a espresso machine and a saint 's day calendar . assorted hood be listen to nicky at the bar . camera dolly to remo gaggi , at the rear table play gin rummy with old man capo and lose . every time the capo pick up a card , he 's able to knock or get gin , send gaggi into a fit bemoan he bad luck . nicky ( v.o. ) but back then the boss do not give a fuck about whether he enjoy himself of not . to they , he be a cash register . all they have to do be ring the bell and take the money . especially remo , who be a fuckin ' degenerate gambler who always lose . gaggi ( slam down he card and curse at he lose hand ) ma che cazzo ! [ italian - american slang for ' what a prick . ' ] all that fuckin ' sweep . nicky ( v.o. ) I mean , unless Ace make he bet . gaggi that 's enough now ! old man capo I can not contest the card . gaggi va fa and culo ! [ italian - american slang for ' fuck off ' ] ( summon a young man . ) johnny ! nicky ( v.o. ) Ace make more money for they on a weekend than I could do heist joint for a month . ace enter and walk to gaggi 's table . nicky ( v.o. ) whatever Ace pick up on the street he tell remo . nicky ( walk over to ace and whisper ) hey , do you bring that thing ? nicky ( v.o. ) you know , I mean fix fight , doped horse , crooked fuckin ' zebras ... lock - in point spread . he tell fuckin' remo everything . and to tell you the truth . I do not blame he . gaggi stand up and shake ace 's hand . gaggi Ace . nicky ( v.o. ) keepin ' remo happy with money be the great insurance policy in the world . gaggi beam as ace take out a envelope fill with cash and hand it over to he . gaggi sit back down and ace , know he place , smile and be about to leave . gaggi son-of-a-bitch . how the hell do you get Oklahoma -michigan ? nobody ever have Oklahoma - mi ... how the hell would you do it ? ace well , that 's why they pay so well . gaggi you see ? ( chuckle . ) never tell I nothin' . Ace , what do we get on for next week ? ace well , it 's a little too early . I would say Thursday would be good . I will know by then . be that all right ? gaggi okay . you come by the house ? ace I will come by . gaggi Seven o'clock ? ace Seven o'clock . gaggi get up and kiss ace as nicky and old man capo look on . gaggi good job , my boy . keep it up . okay , Ace ? ace nod in agreement and leave the room . gaggi ( to nicky ) hey , Nick . vien acca . [ italian - american slang for ' come here ' ] nicky ( to ace ) I will be right out . gaggi t'aggia parla . [ italian - american slang for ' I have get to talk to you '] nicky ... see that guy ? ( point to the off - screen ace ) nicky mm. gaggi keep a good eye on he . he 's makin ' a lot of money for we . and he 's gonna continue makin ' a lot of money for we , so keep a good eye on he . nicky mm. gaggi not like you fuckin ' friend out there , that ... without brain . okay ? nicky all right . gaggi uh-huh . mi raccomando . [ italian - american slang for ' I be count on you ' ] nicky yeah . gaggi Fine . nicky ( reaching down to touch gaggi 's money , joke with he . ) want I to take this for you ? ( he walk out . ) nicky ( v.o. ) so , now , on top of everything else , I gotta make sure that nobody fuck around with the Golden Jew . int . back home bar - night we move past joe , a guy at the bar entertaining a brunette and a blonde , to nicky and frank marino at the other end . there be other bar patron in the background . joe ( to the bartender ) chase , couple of shooter for the lady . bartender ( o.s. ) all right . ace ( v.o. ) yeah , we make a great pair . I make book and nicky make sure we always collect . the old man love we . and why not ? they all make money with we . nicky ( to marino ) they payin ' ? ace ( v.o. ) how do nicky collect ? marino they pay every week , like they be suppose to . ace ( v.o. ) do not ask . nicky then where the fuck be the money ? I do not see the money . ace enter , and greet the two girl . ace hi , Melissa . heidi . blonde hi , Sam . joe ( to the girl ) who 's this guy ? marino ( to nicky ) get the fuck out of here . it be nine . I laid nine . ace approach nicky and marino . nicky it be eight . Ace ... tell he the line on the bear 's game . ace eight . nicky if he do not know , nobody know . told you it be eight . marino well , how come I laid nine ? nicky ' Cause you be a jag-off . I would have fuckin ' make you lay ten ... ace notice a pen lie on the bar . he tap joe on the shoulder . ace ( to joe ) Excuse I . joe what ? ace ( he hold up the pen ) be this yours ? you pen ? joe yeah , that 's my pen . why ? ace I ju - well , it 's a nice pen . I just do not know whose it be . I think it be yours . I do not want it to get lose . joe well , thank you . why do not you take that fuckin ' pen and shove it up you ass , you fuckin ' jag-off ? nicky look over . ace well , I be just offer you the - nicky move towards joe . joe ( turn he back to talk to the girl , refer to ace ) this fuckin ' asshole . nicky grab the pen out of ace 's hand . man # 1 ( to joe ) look out ! before ace can react , nicky grab joe and start stabbing he in the neck with the pen . man # 1 Joe ! look out , Joe ! look out ! nicky grunt while joe gasp and groan . the blonde scream while nicky 's hand continue to plunge the pen into joe 's throat . joe tumble to the floor . nicky pounce on he , still stabbing and now kick . joe whimper . nicky what 's that ? you hear ? you hear a little girl , frankie ? you hear a little girl , Ace ? be that a little fuckin ' girl ?! what happen to the fuckin ' tough guy ? told my friend stick it up he fuckin ' ass ?! huh ?! huh ?! ace ( over whimper and pants ) wait a sec , nicky , nicky , nicky . ta - take it easy . ace look stunne . nicky 's still hold the bloody pen . ace ( v.o. ) while I be tryin ' to figure out why the guy be sayin ' what he be sayin ' , nicky just hit he . no matter how big a guy might be , nicky would take he on . you beat nicky with fist , he come back with a bat . you beat he with a knife , he come back with a gun . and you beat he with a gun , you better kill he , because he will keep comin ' back and back until one of you be dead . nicky ( v.o. ) listen ... int . tangier casino floor , 1972 - night camera swoops from a woman cheer as she win at a slot - machine to a blackjack table , then to a roulette table and over to a crap table . montage of very short cut of chip be pick up , dice throw , money be pour from a bucket , stack of money . nicky ( v.o. ) ... with I protect Ace , he make a fortune for the boss . I mean that 's what get he to Vegas . he be a money machine . a tremendous earner for this guy . as soon as he take over , he double the fuckin ' drop . with Ace the casino never see so much money . and the boss , they could not be happier . int . tangier casino floor - night camera move in on ace as he look out over the casino . dealer deftly stack chip , scoop up loss and pay off winner . chip and money be everywhere . in extreme close - up slow motion a die fall on to a table . int . tangier casino slot -machine area - night ace and sherbert be walk down a casino aisle by the slot - machine . dealer immediately snap to attention at they approach . ace ( v.o. ) in Vegas , I have to keep a few juice - in local cowboy work . they be close to the , you know , good old boy . ace ( to sherbert ) pay he six hundred a week , tell he to walk around and look smart . ace ( v.o. ) I mean , without we , this guy , they would still be shovellin ' mule shit . ace point at paper cup , empty glass and the debris of silver dollar wrapping on the floor . don ward , the slot manager in western garb , immediately start pick up the debris . ace look at ward sternly . ace Ward , you gotta keep a cleaner station . if you need ' Mr clean ' , page he , all right ? ward bend down and pick up some trash . ward it will not happen again , Sam . ace Mr rothstein . ace ( to sherbert ) be this guy just another dumb fuckin ' white man , or what ? what 's he story ? sherbert we need this guy . ace we can not get rid of he ? sherbert he 's juice in . he 's the County commissioner 's cousin . ace I would not give the bum a mop job . they exit . int . tangier baccarat table - night a card shoe slide across the baccarat table . a state senator , a little drunk , tip the dealer , kiss the blonder hooker with he , fill he pocket with he winning and walk over to see ace . ace ( v.o. ) this yokel run the state . dealer # 1 thank you very much , Senator . ace ( v.o. ) they pass the law , they own the court . senator hi , Ace . ace hello , Senator . they shake hand . senator ( to ace ) hey , I need a room . need a room . ace good to see ya . ( to sherbert ) William would you ... the senator shake hand with sherbert as the hooker join they . ace ( v.o. ) I have dozen of politician and state official comin ' through that place every week . sherbert Nice to see you , Senator . ace ( to sherbert ) help the Senator , give he whatever he want . sherbert certainly . ( lead the way . ) Senator . ace ( v.o. ) why not make they happy ? sherbert we have some nice penthouse you will enjoy . maybe the presidential suite . int . tangier presidential suite - day the senator unzip the hooker 's dress , kiss she and walk through the bedroom doorway , look over he shoulder to she as she take off she dress and walk out of he sight . ace ( v.o. ) for politician ... int . tangier baccarat table - day ace smoking a cigarette by the baccarat table . ace ( v.o. ) ... like we state senator up there , everything be on the house . int . tangier presidential suite - day the senator open a bureau drawer and take out a small velvet pouch and pour black $ 100 into he palm . ace ( v.o. ) this guy win they comp life when they get elect . so , hey , why not take advantage of it ? still , the politician come cheap . we could handle they . int . tangier , ichikawa luxury suite - day k . K. ichikawa a japanese businessman , and a male associate pick up towel and soap from about the bedroom of they suite . a blonde woman check herself in the mirror . ace ( v.o. ) it 's a whale like K. K. ichikawa , who play thirty thousand dollar a hand in baccarat . that 's the one you really gotta watch . ichikawa and he associate walk into the the suite 's live - room and join a japanese woman seat on a couch . ace ( v.o. ) he play fast and big and he have the cash and the credit to turn out you light . about a year ago , he clean out a couple of casinos in the Cayman Islands . they begin to stuff tangier soap and towel into they luggage . ace ( v.o. ) downstair , he take we for two million ... and upstairs he take free soap , shampoo and towel . another billionaire cheapskate who love he free room ... ext . tangier jet , las vega airport - day the tangier jet with the tangier logo on its side as ichikawa shake ace 's hand before board . sherbert follow he and he associate aboard . ace ( v.o. ) ... free private jet , and two million of we money . ace Nice to see you again . ace ( v.o. ) but we get he back . I have we pilot tell he the plane be on the fritz . dissolve to : ext . tangier jet , still in the same spot - night sherbert apologize to ichikawa and he entourage as they all get off the jet . sherbert Ken , I do not know what the hell go wrong . I be awfully sorry . ichikawa this be a big problem . Big problem . sherbert I can not understand it . this mechanical thing , you know , they happen . hey , be - better here than ( gesture to the sky ) up there , you know what I mean ? int . las vega airport reservation desk - night sherbert argue with ticket agent as ichikawa and entourage look glum . ace ( v.o. ) then he miss the commercial flight connect with Japan . agent I be so sorry . there 's a convention in town , and all flight be book . sherbert a convention ? ( turn to ichikawa ) I can not believe that there 's a convention . it 's never ... ? ichikawa what can I do ? ext . tangier casino - night a smile ace greet ichikawa and he entourage as they drive up and get out of tangier limo . ace ( v.o. ) we get he back ... with a whole floor of room for himself . ace I be sorry you miss the plane . ichikawa you want to get my money back , right ? ( chuckle ) ace no , no , no . no gambling . no . int . tangier baccarat table - night ichikawa , with the japanese woman , pick up some chip and place they on the table . ace and sherbert watch from behind a barrier . ace ( v.o. ) he bet one thousand a hand instead of he usual thirty thousand a hand . a dealer 's hand slide two card on the table . dealer the bank win a natural eight over a five . another dealer 's hand place two chip on a table . ichikawa look on . ace ( v.o. ) but I know , the trick with whale like ichikawa be that they can not bet small for long . he do not think of it as win ten thousand , he think of it as lose ninety thousand . ichikawa place a larger bet . ace ( v.o. ) so , he upped he bet ... a dealer pick up some chip from a rack and place they on the table . ichikawa be now seat with stack of chip in front of he . ace ( v.o. ) ... until he drop he winning back and give up a million of he own cash . dissolve to : ichikawa , hour later , he chip deplete . ace and sherbert still watch from behind the barrier as million in chip be back in the dealer 's rack . ace ( v.o. ) in the casino , the cardinal rule be to keep they play ... move in on ace as he smoke a cigarette . ace ( v.o. ) ... and keep they come back . the longer they play , the more they lose . in the end , we get it all . int . tangier casino - night ace , with pit boss next to he , look out over the huge casino where hundred of thousand of dollar be be pour into machine . ace ( v.o. ) in Vegas , everybody 's gotta watch everybody else . camera reveal the dealer at a crap table . dealer six , a easy way . six ! all right , who 's gonna give I ... the dealer place some chip on the table . ace ( v.o. ) since the player be look to beat the casino ... the camera be on the dealer . dealer ... both dice must hit that back wall each and every roll . all right , make a six ! camera pan to a woman and a man at the table . the woman toss some dice . ace ( v.o. ) ... the dealer be watch the player . woman gimme a six ! dealer come on , baby , make a six ! a BOX man , seat mid-table be watch the dealer . ace ( v.o. ) the box man be watch the dealer . camera pan to the dealer . dealer ( humming , field , every roll . ) camera pan to a floor man , stand directly behind the BOX man . ace ( v.o. ) the floor man be watch the box man . camera swish pan to reveal a pit boss stepping in , scanning the floor . ace ( v.o. ) the pit boss be watch the floor man . swish pan to a shift boss surveying the casino . ace ( v.o. ) the shift boss be watch the pit boss . swish pan to sherbert . ace ( v.o. ) the casino manager be watch the shift boss . swish pan to ace . ace ( v.o. ) I be watch the casino manager . camera swish pan and tilt up to a video camera mounted inside a glass dome hanging from the ceiling . ace ( v.o. ) and the eye-in- the-sky be watch we all . swish pan to : int . tangier -eye-in -the sky monitor room - night video monitor show a dealer fan a row of bill . swish pan to ace and sherbert watch the monitor . ace light a cigarette . ace ( v.o. ) plus ... swish pan to surveillance catwalker adjusting cameras and spying on player below with binoculars . ace ( v.o. ) ... we have a dozen guy up there , most of they ex-cheat , who know every trick in the house . int . tangier crap table - night Ginger squeal as she throw the dice across the table . high roller come on , come on . she roll a winner . ginger yes ! high roller thank you . very nice . ginger ( chuckle ) I tell you I be hot tonight . int . tangier eye-in -the -sky monitor room - night sound out : the monitor show ginger and the high roller cheer , she throw she arm around he . the crowd go crazy . swish pan to ace looking on intently . on screen , ginger 's hand sneak a chip from the rack and subtly move it towards she purse . int . tangier crap table - night sound in : ginger slip the chip quietly into she bag . high roller ( off-screen ) let 's go . this be for Ginger . come on . this be for Ginger . the high roller notice ginger 's hand on she purse . she pretend to have take out she lipstick . gambler # 1 let I have a hundred on the hard ten . thank you . gambler # 2 hard ten . one hundred . int . tangier eye-in -the -sky monitor room - night ace continue to look at the monitor . sherbert and a security man seat at a video console also look on . int . tangier crap table - night a crap stick push some dice towards ginger . she roll again , only this time she crap out . gambler groan , then applaud she . she 's make so much money for the table that the winner toss chip in she direction . high roller I be sorry . ginger oh , I be sorry . I be sorry . ( to the table ) thank you very much . thank you very much . ace and two casino exec be now on the floor watch she . ginger thank you , sir , I appreciate that . everybody , thanks . give some chip as tip to the dealer and box man . thanks . take care , Steve . take chance and drive fast . high roller Ginger , honey . dealer thank you very much , now . high roller Ginger , honey , this be for you love . thanks for you time . she turn to the high roller , who be hand she a thin stack of chip worth about $ 2,000 . ginger ( chuckle ) come on . high roller what 's the matter ? ginger what do you mean , ' what 's the matter ? ' I make a lot of money for you . I want my cut . high roller what money ? I have see you steal from I . ginger what money ? look at this stack of chip . do not give I that shit . I want my end . high roller Ginger , I have be watch you all night . you have be steal from I . ginger do not give I that shit . I want my money . high roller that bag 's full of fuckin ' chip you ginger ( interrupt ) what do you mean ' steal ' ? I do not steal anything from you . ace watch the argument heat up . high roller get lose , Ginger ! get lose ! ginger get lose ? high roller yes . ginger get lose ? high roller yes . ginger knock the chip rack out of he hand . ginger well , how ' bout that ? high roller come on ! ( he bend down to pick they up . ) gambler and dealer shout and yell . she pick up another rack of chip and toss they into the air , then another , and another . chip fly all over the casino . everyone start diving for chip . dealer . player . Security guard . Waitress . pit boss . bedlam . ace and the two exec with he be the only one not diving for chip . he look at ginger . she look at he . freeze frame on ginger . slow motion : ginger smile at ace and walk off . ace ( v.o. ) what a move . I fall in love right there . int . cocktail lounge - night ginger and ace be seat on a banquette . Close up of he hand attach a diamond and ruby pin to she dress . tilt up to ginger 's smile face beam at ace . ace ( v.o. ) but in Vegas , for a girl like Ginger , love cost money . they kiss . ginger I be go to go powder my nose . ( ace hand ginger a single $ 50 bill . she smile coyly . he hand she another fifty . ) ace ( v.o. ) Ginger 's mission in life be money . ginger I will be right back . ace ( o.s. ) ( from follow scene ) see you , Ginger . flashback - ext . casino entrance - night ginger wave goodbye to the doorman and walk towards two valet parker who greet she warmly . she get a bottle of pill from one of they and slip some cash into he hand in return . ginger okay , thank you for ask . ace ( v.o. ) she be a queen around the casino . she bring in high roller and help they spread around a lot of money . ginger ( to valet parker ) hello . valet parker hey , Ginger , how you doin ' ? ginger great . ( handing the valet some money . ) and I have something for you . you get I cover ? the valet parker place a vial of pill in she hand . valet parker yes . something for you , there . ginger and you do . thank you very much . valet parker take care of yourself . flashback - int . HOTEL suite bathroom - night ginger hand the pill to high roller # 2 in he hotel bathroom , where he be wash he face and try to energize himself . ginger I get some lucky pill for you , honey . high roller # 2 oh , yeah ? ace ( v.o. ) who do not want Ginger ? she be one of the best - know , best -like and most respected hustler in town . smart hustler like she could keep a guy awake for two or three day before send he home break to the little woman and he bank examiner . int . cocktail lounge - night ginger come back from the lady room . she kiss ace . ace any change ? ginger ( chuckle ) I hit a few ... uh , game on the way back . ace ( v.o. ) that be all bullshit . she just pockete the cash . flashback - int . tangier cashier' cage - night ginger convert she chip into a pile of $ 100 bill . ginger ( to cashier ) how you doin ' tonight ? cashier good . how be you ? ginger ( sigh ) oh , beat . ace ( v.o. ) Ginger have the hustler 's code . cashier okay . ginger take one for you . cashier ( while she count out the cash ) thank you . ace ( v.o. ) she know how to take care of people . and that 's what Vegas be all about . cashier ( as she push a stack of $ 100 bill across the counter ) sixty -eight hundred . ginger thanks she pick up the cash . cashier you be welcome . ace ( v.o. ) it 's kickback City . ginger you have a good night . cashier thank you . you too . Close - up of ginger fold a $ 100 bill and place it in she palm . she slip the fold bill deftly into the palm of a floor manager . ace ( v.o. ) she take care of the dealer ... ginger hey , Mitch . ace ( v.o. ) ... pit boss , floor manager . ginger thank you . ace ( v.o. ) but mostly ... ext . tangier entrance - night ginger , on she way out of the casino , pass a fold $ 100 bill to a smile older shift boss . ace ( v.o. ) ... she take care of the valet parker , the guy who could get you anything and take care of anything . ginger thanks a lot . shift boss thank you , Ginger . ext . tangier entrance - night ginger exit and get into she car , slip a valet parker a $ 100 bill . ace ( v.o. ) Ginger take care of the parker because they take care of the security guard , who take care of the metro cop , who let she operate . valet parker # 3 thank you , Ginger . ginger ( get into she car ) I need that stuff tonight . valet parker # 3 no problem . ginger you be a doll . ace ( v.o. ) the valet parking job be such a money - maker that they have to pay off the hotel manager just to get the concession . int . ginger' apartment - day ginger enter the room with $ 25,000 in she hand . she tap lester diamond 's leg with it and he turn to she . ace ( v.o. ) but one thing I could never understand , be that she could have everything under control , except for she old pimp boyfriend , lester diamond . lester look , gin , you know I get other people in this . I get partner . but I want you to understand that I be lookin ' out for you in this thing . okay ? you be go to get yours back ... and you be gonna get it back first . okay ? ginger all right . lester okay ? ginger yeah . lester where be you goin ' ? where be you ? you be in that place . where be you ? ginger I be here . lester no , you be not . where be you ? where be you ? ginger I be always here for you . lester you be . ginger I be . he hastily kiss ginger and slip out the door . ace ( v.o. ) the Ginger I know would not even look at this creep . ginger good luck . lester yeah . ace ( v.o. ) he be a moocher , a card cheat , a country - club golf hustler . a scumbag ... chase dentist for a few buck . ginger careful . ginger look out of the window and see lester get into a convertible and drive off . ace ( v.o. ) I mean , the guy be always break , he always have a story . and somehow , she could never turn he down . the way Ginger see it , I guess , be that lester be just a unlucky guy . somebody have to take care of he . int . back home airport / custom - day nicky , he wife jennifer , with a beehive hairdo , and they eight - year - old son little nicky , be detain while they luggage be searched by a custom agent . title in : ' back home ' ace ( v.o. ) but nobody have to take care of nicky . nicky ( to custom agent ) you find any cash in there , we will whack it up with you . ace ( v.o. ) I mean , he take care of himself only too well . and that 's why every badge back home want to nail he . jennifer ( to custom agent ) Excuse I , but I fold this thing beautifully and I would appreciate a little respect . Jesus Christ ! nicky do not look at I , pal . I gotta live with she . we see marino wait for nicky outside the custom area . two cop push past he . ace ( v.o. ) even after a little vacation , they hassle he at the airport . cop # 1 ( to marino ) Excuse I . ace ( v.o. ) I mean , Frank Marino be there to meet he , but so be the cop . this time they want to pinch he for some diamond burglary in Antwerp . camera dolly in on jennifer' beehive . jennifer oh , yes . will you help I fold this , please ? ace ( v.o. ) they be ready to blame he for anything , no matter where it happen . flash forward - int . nicky's house / back home - day nicky , jennifer , little nicky and marino walk in . jennifer ( to little nicky ) you go and put you thing away . ace ( v.o. ) and they be usually right . nicky , jennifer and marino be gather around the kitchen table . jennifer lean over and start to shake she hair . marino whoa , whoa , whoa . nicky hold it , hold it . here . nicky place a red towel down on the table . jennifer lean over again , tug and shake she hair until diamond begin to fall out of she beehive . ace ( v.o. ) because nicky enjoy be a gangster , and he do not give a damn who know it . jennifer come on . there we go . look at that . beautiful . diamond fall on the red towel in slow motion . ace ( v.o. ) I mean , that 's what worried I , ' cause it turn out nicky be about to be send to Vegas . jennifer all right , we be clear . nicky there 's more ! jennifer I think that 's it . nicky there 's more ! there 's a couple stick in there . I know there 's more . jennifer God , I be tell you , they be out ! nicky come on , damn it . do not get so defensive . it could be stick in you hair , you know . nicky grasp jennifer 's hair . jennifer look , there be not ... ( a diamond fall out of she beehive . ) there be not but ... nicky oh , there be not ? ( show she the diamond . ) what 's that ? ( slap she . ) huh ? what 's that . ( frank chuckle . ) there 's no more . thanks , hon . int . back home airport / custom - day on nicky . nicky ( v.o. ) I could not wait to get my hand on Vegas . but the boss do not send I out there to have a good time . int . san marino italian grocery / back room , kansas CITY - night mob boss forlano , capelli , gaggi , borelli and piscano seat around the back room table eat and talk as in the open vignette . nicky ( v.o. ) they send I out there to make sure that nobody fuck with Ace and ... int . ace' tangier penthouse , las vega - day ace open the door to nicky and jennifer . nicky ( v.o. ) ... nobody interfered with the fuckin ' skim . ace ( open door ) hey . jennifer hey , how you doin ' ? ( kiss ace . ) nicky hey . hey , sammy , how be you ? jennifer and nicky take in ace 's spectacular vegas-style penthouse . jennifer ( whisper ) wow . nicky Boy , look at this place , huh ? jennifer incredible . nicky all right . ace welcome to Vegas . camera tilt up to reveal a sweeping view of the las vega skyline . nicky okay , sammy . ace somethin ' , huh ? nicky yeah . ace ( Calling she over ) Ginger . ginger emerge from the bedroom . nicky and jennifer be both stunne by she beauty . nicky ( to ace ) Holy shit , what have you be doin ' out here ? ace honey , come here . she walk to they ace this be Jennifer and Nick . they be dear friend of mine . jennifer ( shake hand ) good to meet you . ginger hi , Jennifer . nicky pleasure . ( grasp ginger 's hand and kissing it . ) very nice to meet you . ginger hi , how be you ? nicky okay , sammy . int . ace' car , las vega strip - night ace and nicky be drive through town , the neon light of Vegas reflect in the windshield . ace ( v.o. ) after we eat , we leave Jennifer and Ginger alone and we take a ride to talk . and then ... he hit I with it . nicky what do you think about I movin ' out here ? ( ace look away . ) what 's the matter ? you get a problem with that ? ace no , of course not . nicky ( playfully ) you mean , I have you permission ? ace sure , you have my permission . but I - I just gotta tell you it 's no joke out here . it 's no joke , you know ? you gotta keep a low profile . it 's not like back home . right off the bat , they do not like guy like we . and this sheriff 's a real cowboy . even the copper be not afraid to bury people out in the desert here . nicky I do not care . I want to get away from back home for a while . I be tired of that shit back there . ( refer to the Vegas light . ) look at this place . it 's make of money . you know what the best part be ? nobody 's gonna know what we be doin ' ! there 's nobody here to see we ! everybody 's back home . ace Nick , I gotta tell you , I get pinch twice for no reason . you really gotta be careful . I be run a license place . everything 's legit . nicky do not worry about it . I be not gonna do anything . what be I gonna do ? I be especially not gonna involve you in anything . ace give nicky a look . ext . / int . las vega sportsbook - night nicky and marino pull up in they car and get out . nicky ( v.o. ) Ace see Vegas one way . nicky you call this guy and tell he I be comin ' ? marino of course . they walk into the sportsbook , past numerous bar patron and gambler to tony , the bookie at a betting counter . nicky ( v.o. ) but I see it another . I see it as untouched . I mean , they have booky , pimp and drug dealer I could shake down . who the fuck be they gonna run to ? so , I start get everybody in line . best of all , for the first time in my life , I figure out a way not to lose . ace ( v.o. ) yeah , he have a fool - proof scheme , all right . it be not very scientific but it work . when he win , he collect . when he lose , he tell the booky to go fuck themselves . what be they gonna do ? muscle nicky ? ( chuckle . ) nicky be the muscle . nicky grab tony by the back of he neck . nicky tony . tony hey . nicky how you doin ' ? tony how you doin ' ? nicky all right , yeah . you get that thing for I ? tony what thing ? oh , nicky ... I think you be layin' . nicky I be layin ' ? no , no , I be take it . I be takin ' it . tony you sure ? nicky I be positive . tony well , I be a little confuse here . nicky you be a little confuse ? tony yeah . nicky ( point to a window , above a counter with a tiny open to talk through ) maybe if I stick you fuckin ' face through this window over here like , you know , you will - you will get unconfuse . give I the fuckin ' money ! tony take some money out of he coat pocket . tony ( groaning ) I be sorry , nicky . I do not mean anything by it . nicky yeah , I know , that 's why you have it ready . you think I be fuckin ' layin ' it ?! he smack the bookie on the head with the wad of money . tony ( gasp ) my fuckin ' head . nicky you fuckin ' head , huh ? do not fuck around , tony . marino ( point to tony ) smarten up . nicky ( walk out ) you jag-off . classroom nun ( o.s. ) ( from follow scene ) and now ... int . catholic school classroom - day nicky and jennifer stand in the background with other parent listen to a nun school teacher . little nicky and other youngster be seat at small child 's desk . classroom nun ... Nicholas santoro will come up and tell we about we first president . little nicky ( stepping up in front of the class to begin a speech ) George Washington be bear in a ... ace ( v.o. ) but still , it be nice and quiet for a while . Ginger and I present nicky and Jennifer all over town , like regular ozzie and harriet . little nicky ... typical Virginia farmhouse . ext . little league field - day nicky and detective bob johnson be coach they son . johnson pat little nicky on the back and with encourage word send he run on to the field . detective johnson ( to little nicky ) beautiful . you get a beautiful swing . nicky ( v.o. ) Ace get my son , little nicky , involved with Little League , and it be great . detective johnson now , I want you to get out there and get I singles and double , okay ? ' Cause that 's what 's gonna win this game . nicky ( v.o. ) turned out to be one of the other coaches be a fuckin' ... detective johnson now go out there and show you dad what you can do . nicky ( v.o. ) ... metro intelligence cop . but it do not matter . I mean , it be all about the kid , you know . detective johnson you know , he 's gotta realize everything can not be a home run that he do . nicky yeah , well , that 's exactly what I keep tellin ' he , but that 's the kind of kid he be ever since he 's bear . detective johnson it 's instinctive , you know . nicky he try to do everything ... little nicky hit the ball , nicky and detective johnson applaud . nicky ohh ! ace ( v.o. ) and , nicky be nicky , he make he presence know . int . tangier cashier' cage credit window - night nicky saunter through the casino and up to eddy and jerry , two well - dress hood who be signing papers at the cashier 's credit window near ace and sherbert . ace ( v.o. ) especially at the casino , where he definitely do not work , people get the message . nicky ( v.o. ) I ? that 's why the boss send I out here . they want I to make sure none of the other crew rob the joint . like this two fuckin ' balloon - head over here [ eddy and jerry ] . they be gonna try and bang we out of two hundred fuckin ' grand ? ( chuckle . ) yeah , right , I be sure . jerry ( shake nicky 's hand ) hey , nicky . how be you ? nicky hey , eddy . eddy hey , nicky , how be you ? what be you doin ' here ? nicky I be over here now . jerry / eddy ( in unison ) you be over here ? jerry you be over here ? nicky yeah , I be over here with he . swish pan to ace with sherbert off to the side . eddy oh. jerry oh. eddy we be wait on carmine . jerry yeah , we be lookin ' for carmine . nicky carmine ? he be here before . I see he . he have a suitcase and everything , and then he leave . eddy carmine leave ? nicky uh-huh . jerry carmine leave ? eddy he 's go ? jerry he 's not here ? eddy carmine 's go . nicky I think , you know , maybe he go across the street or somewhere else or somethin' . I do not know . eddy well , listen , uh ... good luck with the joint , huh ? ( shake hand with nicky . ) nicky oh , thanks , eddy . jerry ( shake nicky 's hand ) yeah , lot of luck . lot of luck . nicky hey , great , Jerry . they walk away . nicky good luck to you too . credit clerk ( to nicky from behind the cage ) hey , they forget to sign they papers . nicky what ? credit clerk they forget to sign they papers . nicky yeah , they do not need that anymore . he look over to ace and sherbert . nicky smile . ace ( v.o. ) out of respect , guy from other crew get away with a warning . ace take a drag off he cigarette , nod a ' okay ' . ace ( v.o. ) everybody else : watch out . int . tangier casino / blackjack table - day a blackjack winner , who look like a school teacher , with over $ 100,000 in chip before he have gather a crowd . ace ( v.o. ) like this yokel here who never hear of nicky or the boss back home , ' cause they be the moron who give you the most trouble . even after we would catch them , they would try sneakin ' back with beard and wig and fake nose . ace and sherbert walk up to watch the winner who be play all six hand at the blackjack table . ace ( v.o. ) you can spot this asshole by watch the way they bet . like this guy . he 's bettin ' lavender chip at five hundred each with only one little problem . he 's always guess right . if he be not so fuckin ' greedy , he would have be tougher to spot . but in the end , they be all greedy . ace walk around the winner 's table , past the crowd , to the pit . behind he be more blackjack table , dealer and player . ace bend down and tie he shoelace . ace ( v.o. ) I see that the dealer be weak , but he be not in on it . the dealer 's hand lift the corner of he hole card a half a inch to determine the casino 's hand against the winner . the slightly expose hole card be a six of club . ace ( v.o. ) he just be not protect he hand . he be lift he hole card way to high . on ace' face then to he Pov of the card , past a pit boss , panning to the signaler at the blackjack table to the right . the signaler be slumped down in he seat , tossing down some card and sneaking look at the dealer' hand at the winner' table . ace ( v.o. ) now , here 's this guy ... overhead pan from the signaler slumped in he seat . ace ( v.o. ) ... read the dealer 's hole card ... pan continue past ace to reveal the winner' table . ace ( v.o. ) ... and signal he buddy [ the winner ] at this table . overhead dolly in on signaler who appear to be nervously tapping he thigh . we see through he trousers , that he be tapping a copper transmitter with a battery pack attach . back at the winner 's table we see inside he pant leg where a device strapped to he leg be receive the impulse signal - buzz - buzz - buzz - from the signaler . ace ( v.o. ) and that 's just what this hustler look for . they cruise from casino to casino , lookin ' for weak dealer the way lion look for weak antelope . ace start to get up . ace ( o.s. ) ( from follow scene ) Operator ? int . tangier blackjack table / telephone - day ace be on the house phone right near the signaler 's table . ace this be Mr R. get I armstrong and Friday over at pit two right away . he hang up , and fix he tie in the mirrore panel above the phone . overhead view of the signaler's table . various security guard slowly begin to gather around it . ace , wait , light a cigarette . armstrong join ace . they look towards the signaler 's table . ace ( to armstrong ) BJ nineteen , second base , the beard [ blackjack table number 19 , second position , man with the beard ] ace ( pick up the phone again . ) Operator ... I need Mr happy , loud . on ace 's signal , waitress , one carry a cake with a sparkling candle , start sing ' happy birthday ' , attract the crowd 's attention . waitress ( in unison ) happy birthday to you . happy birthday to you . happy birthday , dear Jeff . happy birthday to you . gambler cheer and applaud . ace nod and armstrong let a long metal object drop out from under he jacket sleeve and move in close behind the signaler , as though look at the game . he press the object - a cattle prod - under the signaler 's arm near he heart . the signaler instantly go into convulsion , fall to the floor gasp and groan . several security guard grab the signaler as he fall . armstrong walk away . security guard # 1 man down ! the winner see what happen to he partner . security guard # 1 notify medical ! we get a cardiac arrest here ! security guard # 2 he 's fine , folk . just give we some room , please ! ace watch the scene . the guard lift the stunne signaler to he foot and help he away from the table . play be immediately resume . ace ( v.o. ) watch it now . the winner hurriedly place he chip into rack . security guard # 1 ( o.s. ) stand back ! ace ( v.o. ) they never know what hit they . and if and when ... security guard drag the signaler out . ace ( v.o. ) ... they do find out they just get zap by a cattle prod ... sherbert follow the winner as he rush away . ace ( v.o. ) ... they wish they really do have a heart attack . ace exit behind the guard and the signaler . int . basement maintenance room - night a grim , windowless utility room with tool on rack along the wall , some plain wooden chair , and a workbench table . ace ( v.o. ) turn out this guy and he fuckin ' pal , they be knockin ' this place dead for year . security guard # 1 he 's get a wire on he . the signaler be roughly shove into the room . a security guard tear he trousers down revealing the signal device strapped to he leg . signaler hey , hey , what be you doin ' , man ? security guard # 2 ( expose the device ) there it be ! on the table ! security guard # 1 cheater 's justice ! the signaler be slam down face first on the bench and the two guard spread he arm out on the table . signaler ( in pain ) oh , God ! oh ! another guard start up a power see and approach the signaler who be now pin to the table . he start to scream . signaler hey , no ! no! no ! ace walk toward the table , gesture for the guard to turn off the see . ace ( v.o. ) we have to make a example of this prick that the party be over . ace ( to relieved signaler ) I be just curious . I see you shuffle you check with you right hand . can you do that with both hand ? signaler no . ace can not do it with both hand ? signaler no , Sir . ace can you do it with you leave hand ? signaler well , I ... I never try . ace so , you be a righty ? signaler ye-yeah . ace nod to one of the guard . instantly a large rubber mallet smashes onto the man 's right hand four time to the sound of scream . ace watch . ace now , you be gonna have to learn with you leave hand . signaler God ! ( he moan and sit back . ) winner ( o.s. ) ( from follow scene ) it 's a hundred ... int . casino cashier' cage area - night the winner have be stand outside the cashier 's cage wait for he $ 110,000 in chip to be cashed . sherbert walk up behind he . winner ...a hundred ten . cashier yes , it be . winner I think . cashier yes . winner okay . sherbert hiya . that 's a lot of money to be count out in public . winner yeah . sherbert ( to cashier ) why do not I take he over to the office and verify it , huh ? cashier yes . sherbert a little privacy . and , by the way , send over a ... nice bottle of champagne on ice , huh ? cashier sure will . sherbert Real special . somethin ' ... ( to winner . ) by the way ... I be billy sherbert , you casino manager . he shake hand with the winner . winner hi. sherbert have a good time ? sherbert lead he away from the cage . winner yes , uh ... sherbert you will want to count the money in privacy . you know , you do not need ... winner uh , I have a plane to catch to Cleveland ... can I get my winning ? int . basement maintenance room - night the winner be push through the door by two guard follow by sherbert and see he pal moan in pain and hold he break hand . signaler look what they do to my hand , man ! ace ( walk over to the winner ) all right , I be gonna give you a choice . you can either have the money and the hammer or you can walk out of here . you can not have both . what do you want ? sherbert stand next to the winner winner I just wanna get out of here . ace and do not forget to tell you friend what happen if they fuck around in here . you understand ? winner I be sorry . I make a bad mistake . ace you be fuckin ' right , you make a bad mistake . ' Cause if you come back here - we catch either one of you - we be gonna break you fuckin ' head and you will not walk out of here . you see that fuckin ' see ? we be gonna use it . you do not fuck around in this place . you get it ? winner yeah . ace get out of here . winner thank you . the guard usher the winner out of the room . ace ( to the guard , refer to the signaler ) throw he out in the alley . and just tell the cop he get hit by a car . int . ace' tangier penthouse ace and ginger be alone in the live room . the apartment look out on the glitter neon sign of the Strip . ace ( v.o. ) within no time , everything be set in place . we get rid of the freelance scamster . the per be way up . the god be happy , or as happy as the god can ever be . and I , I decide to complicate my life . for a guy who like sure thing , I be about to bet the rest of my life on a real longshot . ace we be not get any young . do not you think it 's time ? be not you gettin ' tired of all this shit ? bangin ' around , hustlin ' around ? ginger what , be you try to handicap I ? ace I be gonna do you one better . I be try to marry you . you want to marry I ? ( ginger look doubtful . ) I be serious . I mean , I - I want to settle down . I want a family . ginger ( sigh , laugh ) you get the wrong girl , Sam . ace I know I would be a good father . I know you would be a good mother . ginger you do not know I . what , you have know I , two , three month . what do you know ? ace I be forty - three year old . I do not want to wait . I know you well enough to know that I really love you very much . and I can not think of anybody better to be with . and I do not feel like wait anymore . ginger you know a lot of happily marry people , Sam ? ' Cause I do not . ace yeah , I know all that . ginger I care about you , a - but I just do not have that kind of feeling for you . I be sorry . I be not in love with you . ace ( brush cigarette ash off he dress gown ) I - I - I ... ginger understand ? ( pause ) I be sorry . ace no , I - I ... mean ... that can grow as I - as long as there 's a mutual respect ... that kind of thing can grow . I be realistic . I can accept that . but , you know , what be ... what be love anyway ? it 's a ... it 's a mutual respect . it 's - it 's a devotion . it 's a ... it 's a caring from one person to another . and if we could set up some kind of foundation ... base on that mutual respect ... I feel that eventually you would care enough about I ... that I could live with that . ginger if it do not work out . you know , if it do not play out , then what happen to I ? ace you know I be doin ' well now . and I be gonna do even better . and so , whatever happen , if it do not work out between we , I be gonna make sure you be okay for the rest of you life . and if there be kid , especially , you know , I will take care of you better than you would ever imagine . ginger ( interrupt ) what be you ... what be you pitching I , here ? ace just what I say . you will be set up for the rest of you life . that I can promise you . ( pause ) want to take a chance ? she look at he . ace be hold she hand tightly . int . riviera ballroom MARRIAGE - night ace and ginger be seat at a banquet table with various guest , drink champagne . amy , they six - month - old child be in a cradle . nicky and jennifer be hover around the baby with little nicky and be blissfully happy . it be a elegant affair . City official , politician and game official be there , plus , sherbert and Ace 's boss , philip GREEN . a photographer take picture of the guest . ace ( v.o. ) when I marry Ginger I know all the storey , but I do not give a fuck . ' I be Sam rothstein , ' I say . ' I can change she . ' nicky ( v.o. ) it be typical Ace . he invite the biggest people in town and he know they would show . because he know they all want something ' from he . with Ace , nobody ever get a free ride . even Ginger . with she - we see amy in the cradle . nicky ( v.o. ) - he still cover he bet . they have to have the baby first , before they get marry . even make jennie and I watch Amy for a few day when they go on they honeymoon . but I do not mind , we love the kid . in slow motion camera move in on ace and ginger , stand next to a large wedding cake . they be kissing . nicky , sherbert and other guest look on . camera move in closer as they kiss , then past they to the bride and GROOM figurine on the cake . lester 's and ginger 's telephone conversation be hear in voice - over this scene . lester ( over telephone ) can you feel my eye on you ? can you feel I look into you heart ? can you feel I in the pit of you stomach ? can you feel I in you ? in you heart ? we see a wide view of the elaborate wedding , guest mill about the banquet hall . lester do not make I come there . answer I . ginger ( over telephone , sobbing ) I love you . int . lester diamond los angele apartment - night lester diamond be talk on the phone softly , cut up cocaine on a piece of glass . lester ( into telephone ) bub-ut , baby , do you know that I love you too ? ginger ( over telephone ) no , lester . lester ( into telephone ) do you know that ? ginger ( over telephone ) yeah . this be the best thing I can do for my life right now . lester ( into telephone ) that 's right . int . riviera ballroom corridor - night ginger be sit alone on the phone . she 's cry . lester ( over telephone ) so , it 's gonna be okay , be not it ? ginger ( sob , into telephone ) promise ? lester ( over telephone ) God ... I wish you ... int . lester diamond los angele apartment - night there be a beautiful scantily dress blonde girl in the apartment with he . she bend down to the table in front of he , snort some cocaine , then walk away . lester ( into telephone ) ... all the luck in the world . ginger ( over telephone ) you do ? lester ( into telephone ) yeah , I do . I mean , it 's - it 's the - it 's the best thing you can do right now . I mean this . and you will have real security . sweetheart ... you be gonna be situate just right in Vegas . int . riviera ballroom corridor - night ace enter from the ballroom and see ginger on the phone . he walk towards she , listen to she conversation . lester ( over telephone ) come on , this be great for we . you know I be gonna be here for you . I be not go no place . huh ? I be lookin ' at you right now . I be seein ' you for the very first time , right this minute . I be seein ' you , and I can feel my heart click . I see you fourteen year old . I see you the first second I ever see you . I see you , long - legge little colt - ginger notice ace behind she . lester - with stupid brace on you tooth . ginger ( into telephone , sniff , try to cut he off ) okay , then . lester ( over telephone ) every time I ever see you , that 's what I see . ginger ( into telephone ) uh , talk to you later . bye . ( she hang up the phone quickly . ) ace you all right ? ginger ( drink some champagne , wiping away tear ) yeah . ace why be you cry ? ginger ( laugh ) I be not cry . ( sniff . ) ace walk up behind ginger . ace maybe you should not drink so much . ginger I be okay . I just - ( sniff ) you just have to understand . I have be with lester since I be a kid . I just want to say goodbye . I - I just ... I do not ... I think I have a right to do that . okay ? ace it 's all right . that part of you life be over with . right ? ginger yeah . ace you be with I now . ginger yeah . ace right ? ginger uh-huh . ace you sure ? ginger yeah . yeah . they be reflect in a mirror behind the telephone . ace want to go ? let 's go back in . ginger ( sniff ) okay . ace 's hand pick up a white rise and ginger 's glove from the desk . ext . ace' house - day ace and ginger drive up to a expensive house which back on to a country - club golf course . int . ace' house - day ace take ginger inside . it be fancy and lush . ginger oh ... through slide glass door , we see a patio and a pool area . ginger ( sigh ) it 's great . the live - room have expose white brick along the wall , bronze ostrich figurine , a white baby grand piano , and a zebra print rug surround by a few couch . ginger oh , it 's great . int . ace' bedroom closet - day ace take ginger past the bedroom to they huge room-size closet . there be rack and rack of clothes . ginger ( running into the closet ) oh ! it 's all my stuff . oh , my God . ace present she with a long chinchilla coat . ginger you bring all my stuff . I can - she see the coat . ace try it on . it 's yours . he put it on she . ginger ( whisper ) you be kid ? my God . what be it ? ace it 's chinchilla . ginger ( look at herself in the mirror ) oh , it 's so soft . ace it 's nice be not it ? ginger oh ... ace kiss she . ginger no one 's ever be so nice to I . they kiss and embrace . int . ace' house / bedroom - day ace 's hand open a leather case full of gold bvlgari jewelry . ginger ( gasp ) oh , my God . int . ace' house / bedroom - day ace and ginger lie on the bed , surround by jewelry . ginger be swathed in the chinchilla coat . Ace watch as a transfix ginger try on gold necklace , ring , bracelet and earring . ginger so , do you think it 's too much if I wear this in the same day ? ace you do whatever you want . do I keep my promise , or do I keep my promise ? ace kiss ginger . ginger you be so wonderful . the jewelry 's not so bad , either . ace the only thing be ... you should not keep this in the house . we gotta put it in a bank . ginger ( put on a gold bracelet ) come on . can I keep this one in the house ? ace now look , ( gently hold she face , gather she total attention ) pay attention to I . what I be gonna tell you be very important . ginger okay . ace all this stuff do not mean anything . money , this , do not mean anything without trust . I have to be able to trust you with my life . ext . burbank private airport - day title in : ' los angele ' ace and ginger get off the tangier jet carry two suitcase . ace give a chauffeur the luggage and follow ginger into a brown roll royce . ace ( v.o. ) with over a million in cash and jewel tuck in a bank in Vegas only for Ginger , she be secure and happy . int . beverley hill bank - day ace and ginger walk into the bank lobby carry the suitcase . ace ( v.o. ) she love that shit . but a guy in my line of work have to have a lot of pay- off cash around . int . beverley hill bank / vault - day there be several safe deposit box fill with cash . ace and ginger be close a large box so cramme with cash that ace have to lean on it for the clasp to lock . ace ( v.o. ) crook cop and kidnapper , they do not take check . ginger need a little help with that , Mr Collins ? ace ( v.o. ) so , I put two million in cash in a Los Angeles bank under the name of Mr and Mrs Tom Collins . this be strictly my shakedown and kidnap money . ace and ginger struggle to push the cramme box into a slot in the wall . ace ( v.o. ) and , since I would either be in jail or lock in a closet when I need the money the most ... the bank president join they , and he and ace simultaneously double - lock the outer safe box door with two separate key , after which , ace give ginger he key . ace ( v.o. ) ... I give Ginger the only key to the cash that could get I back alive . int . bank president's office - day ginger be on the other side of a glass wall , signing papers . banker now this be just a signature card . ace so , once she sign that papers , she will be the only person to have total access to the box ? no one else , include myself ? banker that 's right . we see ginger look at ace . banker that 's the way you want it , right ? ace nod banker ( quietly . ) Sam , let I ask you a question . you must really trust you wife . ace ( quietly ) yeah , sure I do . why ? banker no , tha - that 's good . it 's just unusual . to tell you the truth , so many of my client do not . ace well ... ace look over to ginger , smile and wink . she look back at he . int . tangier lounge - night jerry vale sing to a seat audience . ace sit alone at a table . ace ( v.o. ) with Ginger and the money in place , I feel cover , and to play it safe I switch job title again and make myself , um , food and beverage director . this way nobody would bother I about a license . I mean , Vegas be like a dream for I . trouble be ... nicky be seat at another table with marino , peel off money and give it to mike , a crooked dealer . ace ( v.o. ) ... nicky be dreamin ' he own kind of Vegas . nicky ( v.o. ) to begin , I put money out on the street , chargin ' three point a week . you know - juice to the fuckin ' dealer . marino ( to mike ) do not make we come lookin ' for you . mike oh , you will not have to look for I . I appreciate it . thanks , nicky . nicky all right , Mike . mike get up from the table . nicky ( v.o. ) they be degenerate gambler , coke freak . in no time , I have half the dealer in the tangier in my pocket . then ... int . tangier poker table - night nicky be at a table with he gang of card shark : slim , rocky , moosh and cowboy , all secretly signal each other , sandbagge a mark . mike , the crooked dealer from the previous scene , deal nicky a win hand . nicky ( v.o. ) ... the next thing I do , I start bustin ' out high - stake poker player . ace ( v.o. ) it be so obvious . I mean , all of nicky 's half - ass mechanic , they be real signal happy . moosh ( scratch he arm ) I be gonna open for five hundred . rocky moosh , you open ? ( tap he finger on some chip before pick they up . ) ace ( v.o. ) signale back and forth . card shark I bet thirty - five hundred . nicky wiggle a toothpick back and forth in he mouth . doctor dan I have be lose for three day straight , non-stop . another shark pull on he ear . rocky oh , why be you cry , with three loaf of bread under you arm ? ace watch they signal with concern . ace ( v.o. ) nicky think nobody be watch he . but he be wrong . we see two undercover game agent , look like tourist , sneaking look at nicky 's table . ace ( v.o. ) and I do not want any of that agent near my place . nicky four ace , doc. his hand spread five card on the table , show four ace . nicky what do you get ? doctor dan ( get up in disgust ) Jesus Christ . I can not believe it . cowboy , the card shark with the cowboy hat , rake in a large pot toward he side of the table . doctor dan if I do not have bad luck , I would not have any luck . I be out of here , you understand ? ace ( v.o. ) I mean , I wish to God nicky and he whole crew would just get lose . he walk towards nicky 's table . ace ( v.o. ) what be I gonna do ? go back home and start a war ? ace lean down to talk to nicky . ace ( v.o. ) I mean , nicky 's a make guy and I be not . I can not do that . ace ( whisper in nicky 's ear ) be careful . Gaming agent be all over the place . nicky so , I be lucky . I be not allow to get lucky in this place ? ace you be lucky all week . they be lookin ' to nail ya . ace walk away . nicky look over at the game agent . nicky ( v.o. ) Ace be so fuckin ' worried about he casino , he forget what we be doin ' out here in the first place . int . tangier casino - night Security people be pull apart a husband and wife who be fight . camera pick up ace as he pass by they . nicky ( v.o. ) a million time I want to yell in he fuckin ' ear : ' this be Las Vegas ! we be suppose to be out here robbin ' , you dumb fuckin ' heeb . ' int . tangier casino poker table - night closeup of the cowboy 's white - sock foot with no shoe on a poker table . ace ( to sherbert , refer to cowboy ) I do not give a shit who he 's connect to . tell he to take he fuckin ' foot off the table . what 's he think this be , a goddamn sawdust joint ? sherbert approach cowboy . sherbert Sir , would you mind take you foot off the table and put you shoe on , please ? cowboy ( sigh ) yeah , I would mind . I be havin ' a bad night . cowboy remain the same with he foot on the table . sherbert ( returning to ace ) fuckin ' asshole will not budge . ace call security . ace approach cowboy . ace how be you ? cowboy good . how be you ? ace good . you want to do I a favor ? you want to take you foot off the table and put you shoe back on ? cowboy fuck you . ace walk to nearby security guard . ace ( to guard ) I want you to exit this guy off the premise , and I want you to exit he off he foot and use he head to open the fuckin ' door . Three security guard approach cowboy . security guard # 1 Sir , you be gonna have to leave . you mind accompany we outside ? cowboy bullshit , I be not goin ' anywhere with you ! security guard # 1 bullshit , you be out of here , cowboy ! security guard # 1 knock he foot off the table , as guard # 2 and # 3 lift he off he seat . cowboy fuck you ! fuck you ! security guard # 1 yeah ? cowboy you know who you be fuckin ' with ?! huh ? do you ?! security guard # 1 now move along . cowboy ( scream at ace who follow he ) you fuckin ' faggot ! do you know who you be fuckin ' with ? the guard carry he out and forcefully shove he towards a side exit . cowboy leave I alone ! security guard # 1 here we go ! cowboy ( grunting ) you have gotta be kid I ! ( groan . ) the guard lift he off he foot and , hold he like a batter ram , smash he head into the door . ace ( v.o. ) ( as cowboy be throw out the door ) sure enough , a hour later , I get the call . int . vega bar - night nicky be on a public wall - phone talk to ace . marino be stare at the dishevel cowboy . nicky ( into telephone ) Ace , what happen over there ? I mean , do you know that guy you throw out be with I ? int . tangier casino - night ace be on a tangier house phone . sherbert look on . ace ( into telephone ) no , I do not know that . but you know what he do ? nicky ( over telephone ) no. int . vega bar - night nicky give cowboy a look . ace ( over telephone ) he insulted billy . and then I walk over to he politely ... int . tangier casino - night ace ( into telephone ) ... and he tell I to go fuck myself . nicky ( over telephone ) what ? ace ( into telephone ) then he call I a faggot . int . vega bar - night ace ( over telephone ) so what do you think I do ? I throw that cocksucker out . nicky ( into telephone ) what ? Ho - ( he put down the phone ; to cowboy : ) hey , come here . cowboy walk up to he . nicky you call my friend a faggot ? you tell he to go fuck himself ? cowboy nicky , I do - nicky be that what you do ? cowboy I do - I do not - nicky tell he to go fuck himself ? you fuckin ' hick ! fuckin ' ... nicky hit he on the head with the phone . cowboy fall back , groan . int . tangier casino - night ace listen to the noise of nicky rough up cowboy . nicky ( over telephone ) ... you big fuckin ' hick , you . come here . come here . get he up . come here . ace look at sherbert . marino ( over telephone ) get up . int . vega bar - night nicky ( to cowboy ) come here , come here . marino get up . nicky you go over there right now and you apologize . you better hope he let you back in . int . tangier casino - night nicky ( over telephone ) if you ever get out of line over there again , I will smash you fuckin ' head so hard ... int . vega bar - night nicky ( to cowboy ) ... you will not be able to get that cowboy hat on . you hear I ? fuckin ' hick . ( into telephone ) sammy , listen ... int . tangier casino - night nicky ( over telephone ) ... this guy obviously do not know who he be talkin ' to , you understand ? he do not ... int . vega bar - night nicky ( into telephone ) ... know that , uh , we be dear friend . I mean , he 's already very sorry . but , uh , if you could do I a favor to let he back in , I swear to you he will never get out of line again . I promise you that . int . tangier casino - night ace ( into telephone ) if he do it again , he 's out for good . I do not care what it be , Nick , I be gonna ha - I will - I will never let he in the place again . nicky ( over telephone ) I be sorry about this . really . int . vega bar - night nicky ( into telephone ) all right , Ace ? ace ( over telephone ) okay . nicky ( into telephone ) thanks , pal . nicky hang up the phone and turn to cowboy . nicky you take you boot off ? you put you foot on the table ... you shit - kick , stinky , horse - manure - smellin ' motherfucker you ! you fuck I up over there , I will stick you in a hole in the fuckin ' desert ! you understand ? ( slap he . ) go over there and apologize . ( kick the chasten cowboy away . ) go ! get the fuck out of - cowboy nicky , I be sorry . ext . tangier casino - day a tiger leap towards the camera , which pan over to two showgirl and then to ace 's hand hold the key to a roll royce . he give it to jonathan and david as reporter rush in to photograph the moment . nicky ( v.o. ) you know , Ace could be a very touchy guy , especially when he get bigger and bigger in town . like when he hire that jonathon and David and they tiger away from the Palace by buildin ' they a new stage and then givin ' they a silver roll royce . int . backstage tangier theater - day ace and sherbert watch as a stage manager weigh in the ' femme fatale ' showgirl . nicky ( v.o. ) but I will tell you , he know how to bring in the crowd . he know all the fuckin ' angle . he bring over the whole ' femme fatale ' show from Paris . but he forget how lazy they european dancin ' broad can get . I mean , he have to weigh them in once a week to make sure they do not blow up like fuckin ' balloon . ace ( to showgirl ) you be still eight pound over . ( to manager . ) what 's the reason for this ? stage manager Mr rothstein , sir , let I put she on suspension . ace never mind the ' sir ' . never mind the ' sir ' . stage manager well , sir , I be just ... ace why be she eight pound over ? stage manager ... try to offer you the respect that you ... ace I ... stage manager ... position ... ace ' Mr rothstein ' be good enough . stage manager Mr rothstein ... well , sometimes , when you reach that pressure point , when you put that pressure point on they , you know , it show ... ace she could at least lose half a pound or a quarter . listen ... stage manager ... and she do not always - ace ... all you do be give I answer . just - just give I the right answer . stage manager but , sir . well , I do not know why . I guess , maybe , because she 's frighten that if she do not lose the weight she may even get fire . ace that 's right . she will get fire . in fact , I want you to send she back to Paris . stage manager it 's always be we policy - ace no. just stop everything . sherbert and ace walk away across a huge stage . sherbert ( to ace ) this woman 's a institution . ace I do not care what she be . she 's a institution , that 's the problem . she 's lazy . int . tangier casino sportsbook - night ace stand in a large space surround by giant tv screen show sport event . around he , long row of bettor be seat at betting station , line up at window , or wander around at the bar . it 's like a NASA control room on launch day . nicky ( v.o. ) hey , I gotta give the guy credit . he do the most obvious thing . this be the only town in the country where a bookie joint be legit , so , why not take advantage , right ? so ... he take bookie joint off the street and then open they up inside the casino . well , within a few year , by doin ' all of this , he have every casino on the Strip try to copy off he . ace ( v.o. ) between ... ext . back alley - night nicky , with marino , punch and kick a man next to the open door of he luxury car . ace ( v.o. ) ... my innovation ... the man fall to the ground . ace ( v.o. ) ... and nicky 's dedication to he job ... nicky start kick he . ace ( v.o. ) ... I soon have the best operation on the Strip . nicky lift a empty trash can and shatter the car 's windshield . int . tangier casino floor - night ace and nicky be stand on the casino floor near the slot - machine . gambler be milling about behind they . ace you better watch yourself . there 's a lot of heat on you already . nicky why , somebody 's complain ? ace I be - I be hearin ' thing from security . they be all ex-cop . the sheriff 's lookin ' to bust you ball . they want to put you in the Black Book . nicky that Black Book be a bunch of bullshit . they get two name in there for the whole country and one of they be still Al capone . ace bullshit or no bullshit , they put you in that book , you be gonna be in a lot of trouble . you will not be able to walk into the casino . I be tellin ' you . nicky what be I doin ' out here ? I be tryin ' to make a livin ' , that 's all . ace I be just tellin ' you . do not say I do not warn you . nicky all right . int . vega valley country club , 1974 - night tight on the filament of a flash bulb as they ignite . tv news crew and still photographer be take picture of ace and ginger surround by cluster of celebrity and the Vegas power elite , include sherbert and GREEN , at a black tie event . photographer # 1 Mrs rothstein , look straight ahead . very nice . thank you . photographer # 2 thank you . photographer # 1 yes , nice smile . photographer # 3 just look right at the camera . hold that pose . we hear GREEN make a speech over flash camera and freeze frame of himself , sherbert , ace and ginger . GREEN ( o.s. ) consider all of he hard work and dedication and the new lifeblood he have instill in Las Vegas ... we now see GREEN at a mike speak in front of the seat club member . GREEN Sam have establish himself as a indispensable member of the game community . as the head of the tangier Gaming Corporation , it 's my pleasure to welcome Sam rothstein to the Vegas Valley country Club . member cheer and applaud as GREEN hand ace a frame citation . it read : ' this certificate of appreciation . Sam rothstein . charitable foundation of Greater Las Vegas ' . they shake hand for the photographer . ace ( v.o. ) back home , they would have put I in jail for what I be do . but out here , they be givin ' I award . ace ( into the microphone ) it 's with great pleasure that I accept this certificate of appreciation from the ... camera tilt up to a mounted plaque on the wall , reading : ' charitable foundation of greater las vega '. int . vega valley country-club banquet room - night a dazzle ginger move charmingly about the room chat up top executive , lawyer , judge , banker and they wife . ace , stand with GREEN and a elderly man , watch she work the room . country-club woman # 1 congratulation , sweetheart . ginger thank you . country-club woman # 2 Sam raise more than we have ever raise before . ginger he work so hard . ace ( v.o. ) but my great pleasure be watchin ' my wife , Ginger , work the room . country-club man # 1 thank you for everything . ace ( v.o. ) they all love she . how could you not live she ? ginger ( to country -club woman # 3 ) hi. Nice to see you . ace ( v.o. ) she could be the most charming woman you ever see . people love to be around she . country -club woman # 3 listen , you have get to bring Amy to sasha 's birthday party because he would love to have she there . ginger thanks . country-club woman # 3 we will see you three o'clock Saturday . ginger thanks . yes , all right . country-club woman # 3 great . ace ( v.o. ) she make everybody feel good . ginger join ace . he smile proudly . int . vega valley country-club banquet room - night ginger and ace be off alone by a dining - room table , talk intently . a young casino executive interrupt they . executive congratulation , Sam . ace ( shake he hand ) oh , thanks . the flirt executive look at ginger . executive hello , Mrs rothstein . ginger hi. executive how be you ? ginger oh . ginger give the flirt executive she hand , he kiss it . executive you be one of the most gorgeous woman I have ever see . you be a lucky man Mr rothstein . ace watch as ginger flash one of she dazzle smile , but he 's not sure whether she 's flirt . he look at the young man and back at he wife . ace thank you . thanks for that compliment . ace ( v.o. ) he be a young kid from the casino ... nice kid ... bright boy . what ball on this fuckin ' kid ! the next day I fire he . freeze frame on ace smile at ginger . int . vega bank viewing room - day ginger , with two - year - old amy in a stroller , be seat on a bench go through large bank vault box contain she jewel . ginger ( to amy ) hey , do you want to see this one ? daddy give I all this jewelry because he love I so much . ( she place a gold bracelet on amy 's hand . ) put you arm in there . ace ( v.o. ) but as much as they love she ... ginger ( to amy , wear the bracelet ) oh , fabulous . ace ( v.o. ) ... they do not know what really move she . she hold up a necklace to the light . ginger look at this . look at this . camera pull away from the door leading to the viewing room revealing a bank manager seated at a desk . we hear ginger and amy behind the door . ginger ( o.s. ) ( from the view room ) daddy give I this pin when we be dating . ace ( v.o. ) and with Ginger happy , I be able to concentrate on what I know best . int . tangier casino , slot -machine - night ace be talk to don ward . ward loose machine be right back over there . ace what be they doin ' way back there ? bring them up here where they belong . you can not even see them over there . ward okay , I will - ace what about the progressive with the high jackpot ? where be they ? this machine be hide . ward well ... ace this be we best machine . they bring all the action . no wonder the drop be off . ward yeah , okay . ace the action be in the front , not in the back . bring them up front . ward all right , I will , I will . ace listen to I very carefully . there be three way of do thing around here . the right way , the wrong way , and the way I do it . you understand ? ward I do understand that . I will get right on it . and thank you . ace do not thank I , just do it . you be the slot manager . I should not have to tell you this . ward dang , you be right , Mr rothstein , I be so sorry . int . classy restaurant - night ginger follow a snooty maitre D ' to jennifer , already seat at a table . ace ( v.o. ) so , I end up workin ' what ? eighteen - hour day ? Ginger be the one who wound up enjoy the best of Vegas . maitre d' ( to jennifer ) come with I , please . I have a better table for you . sorry . he show the two of they to the best table in the place . jennifer ( sitting down next to ginger ) so , what would you say to that fuckin ' jerk anyway ? ginger ( smiling ) I tell he I be Mrs Sam rothstein . jennifer ( chuckle ) well , you might as well get something ' out of it . ginger light a cigarette . ext . idle spur desert diner - day Wide overhead of roadhouse cafe isolate in the middle of the desert with a sign out front that read ' 60 mile to Vegas ' . ace ( v.o. ) well , it be not long before what I be afraid be gonna happen , happen . nicky manage to get himself ban from every casino in Las Vegas , and from then on , I could not be see talkin ' to he anywhere in Vegas , or even near it . nicky ( from inside the diner ) what the fuck be that suppose to mean ? int . idle spur desert diner - day ace and nicky be seat at a table in the empty diner . nicky ( reading from a document ) ' ... detrimental to game . and he will be eject from any casino in Las Vegas ... and the casinos can be fine as much as a hundred thousand every time he show up . ' ( he wave the document . ) do you believe this shit ? ace ( smoke a cigarette ) yeah , I believe it . you get ban . nicky hiss . nicky ( reading ) ' who be of notorious and unsavory reputation ... ' he angrily wad the document and toss it across the table . nicky motherfucker . unsavory fuckin ' ... be there any way around this ? ace nope , there 's no way . nicky let 's say ... for instance ... I want to go in the restaurant which happen to be in the casino ... to get one of that sandwich I like ? ace forget it . you can not even set foot in the parking lot . that 's how serious it be . nicky in other word , I be fuck . ace in so many word , yes . ace ( v.o. ) it just do not sink into he head about the Black Book and what it mean . not be able to go into a casino be just one thing , but be in this book etched you name into the brain of every cop and FBI agent in the state . I mean , you be list in there with Al capone . but nicky do not care . nicky I gotta do somethin' . I gotta do somethin' . they be not gettin ' rid of I . they be not gettin ' rid of I . I be stay here . fuck them . fuck them . ext . gold rush jeweler be - day we move past the skull of a steer mounted on a exterior wall and a wooden cigar store indian statue , to reveal dominick santoro ( who look a little like he brother nicky ) and marino who be waiting inside the gold rush . camera come to rest on extreme close - up of nicky's eye as he stand on the outside porch . nicky ( v.o. ) so , once they pull that shit , I start doin ' my own thing in Vegas nobody ever think of doin ' . to keep a eye on thing , I bring in my kid brother dominick ... and some desperado from back home and start knockin ' over high roller , casino boss , bookmaker , anybody , right here in town . I have a good fuckin ' crew goin ' for I , I will tell you that . sal fusco , jack hardy and bernie blue be get out of a car and walk into the jewelry store which be design to replicate a old - fashioned western town with peak roof , wooden planke sidewalk and hitching post . the camera track by each man as they be introduce . nicky ( v.o. ) I have sal fusco , a great second - story guy . Jack hardy , he work for a safe company after he do a six - year bit . and then there be bernie Blue . this guy could bypass any alarm for I . and I open up my own jewelry store , too : ' the gold rush ' . int . bedroom of luxury home - night nicky place some jewelry from a vanity table into a sack and turn over some family photo . marino and hardy be struggle with a safe . nicky ( v.o. ) sometimes I use to go along on a heist just for the fun of it . but I do not like the people I be rippin ' off lookin ' at I , so I use to turn they fuckin ' picture around . nicky ( to marino and hardy ) what 's takin ' so long over there ? marino this peter 's a motherfucker . hardy ( grunting ) it 's workin' . just keep workin ' it . it 's comin' . nicky gotta learn how to open this fuckin ' thing so you will not have to take them . int . gold rush back room - day nicky be look at diamond with marino , hardy and blue . nicky frankie , some of this stone get a lot of nigger in them . zoom in tight on a diamond . nicky tell that fuckin' pepe if he 's switch stone on we , he would better take a fuckin ' camel - phone ring . nicky - back to ( pick up phone ) Nigeria . ( into telephone ) yeah . HOTEL receptionist ( over telephone ) listen ... int . tangier receptionist's desk - day HOTEL receptionist ( talk quietly into telephone ) ... they be in penthouse K. int . gold rush back room - day nicky ( into telephone ) they check in alone ? int . tangier receptionist's desk - day HOTEL receptionist ( into telephone ) they check in alone . int . gold rush back room - day nicky ( into telephone ) be they out now ? int . tangier receptionist's desk - day HOTEL receptionist ( into telephone ) yes , do not worry . nicky ( over telephone ) all right . int . gold rush back room - day nicky ( into telephone ) thanks . he hang up . ace ( v.o. ) he have tipster ... int . casino HOTEL bell station - day we see some luggage on the floor . a bellman be on the phone with marino . ace ( v.o. ) ... all over town . bellmen . bellman ( into telephone ) this one look good . but you get to hurry . marino ( over telephone ) yeah ... int . gold rush - day marino ( into telephone ) ... yeah , okay . he hang up . ext . casino - day a valet parker stand outside a casino . ace ( v.o. ) valet parker . valet parker ( into telephone ) they be just check in now . int . gold rush back room - day fusco ( into telephone , seat on a couch ) okay , I will tell he . int . casino floor - day a pit boss be on the phone . ace ( v.o. ) pit boss . pit boss ( into telephone ) yeah , room twelve - thirty , at the sirocco . int . gold rush back room - day marino ( into telephone ) twelve - thirty , right . int . office - day a secretary seat at a desk . ace ( v.o. ) secretaries . secretary ( into telephone ) it 's all in mint condition coin . int . gold rush back room - day hardy ( into telephone ) mint condition . all right . ace ( v.o. ) and they all ... ext . warehouse / jewelry store - night hardy and a hood be in a van park in front of a warehouse next door to a jewelry store . ace ( v.o. ) ... get a piece of the score . hardy ( from inside the van , into a walkie - talkie ) car 's comin' . we move past the van to a larger truck park in a alley . unseen , the truck have a open side door abutte the jewelry store 's wall . sal fusco and bernie blue be inside the truck drilling into the wall use a heavy - duty battery - power drill . the drill be muffle with sheet of insulation material . ace ( v.o. ) they be always very careful . and they always bypass the alarm , or else ... if not , they would drill enough hole to knock through the wall with a sledgehammer ... blue widen the hole with a hammer muffle with insulation . ext . jewelry store wall - day a flashbulb explode . cop and detective be photograph and inspect hole drill in the wall of the shop , through which the thief have come and go . the camera move in through the hole . ace ( v.o. ) nobody out there be expect a guy like he . int . jewelry store - day the stunne store owner look at the rubble and the empty jewelry box . detective collect evidence . ace ( v.o. ) for nicky , Las Vegas be the fuckin' Wild West . store owner ( lead a detective to he showroom ) I just get a shipment of diamond from Israel ... nicky ( v.o. ) but what the fuck they expect from I ? I have to earn , do not I ? int . palm spring jewelry store - day marino stand above two iranian who be look at the steal gem . iranian # 1 you know , this diamond have flaw in it . marino no , no , there 's no flaw in it . iranian # 2 do not tell I . I be do this for twenty - five year . marino you better clean you fuckin ' loupe . ' Cause there 's no flaw in this diamond . the two iranian speak to each other in farsi . nicky ( v.o. ) whenever we get local merch , we would usually send it to Palm spring or Arizona ... LA . I have a couple of sand nigger out there . you know , Arabs . marino what , be you gonna have a fuckin ' meeting here , or be you gonna buy some diamond ? iranian # 2 ( chuckle ) no , no . I know he language . I be talk with he . marino forty thousand dollar , you can buy the whole package . iranian # 1 twenty thousand , and that 's my final offer and ... marino ( to iranian # 2 ) all of a sudden he talk English , now . ( to iranian # 1 . ) let 's talk turkey here , how ' bout twenty - five thousand ? iranian # 1 laugh . int . nicky's house - night nicky and marino sneak into the house past jennifer who be asleep on the sofa in front of a tv set . nicky take out a key and open the metal door into he bedroom . nicky ( v.o. ) I actually turn my bedroom into a bank vault where I keep the choice stuff . marino ( refer to jennifer as they pass the kitchen ) she asleep ? nicky every night , on the couch . nicky ( v.o. ) I could not leave it at the gold rush in case we get raid by the cop ... or if my crew get cute . open the metal door to he bedroom . nicky ( v.o. ) I have the only key . int . nicky's bedroom / closet - night camera pan across bedroom to closet door . nicky ( v.o. ) Jennifer do not give a fuck . she use to fall asleep on the couch watchin ' television every night . this stuff be all mine . I do not send any of this back home . nicky open the closet door . he and marino walk in and bend down to lift up a small square of carpet to reveal a floor safe . nicky ( v.o. ) actually , I could not because I be not even suppose to be doin ' it . the boss be makin ' so much fuckin ' money with the casinos ( unlock the safe ) that they do not want anybody makin ' any wave for they . in the floor safe , there be several handgun and silencer . frank hand nicky a roll of money . nicky give all the guy in you crew a piece of that ? marino I take care of everybody . nicky yeah ? he search marino 's jacket . nicky ( v.o. ) that 's why there be no real organize street stuff in Vegas before I come here . nicky throw the cash in the safe and close the lid . int . nicky's house - day nicky be be show papers by charlie clark , a heavy - set banker with a moustache . they be both seat at a table in the live - room . charlie clark yeah , that work out . nicky ( v.o. ) but how much cash could I bury in my closet , right ? charlie clark you need to understand , and I - I be sure you do ... that in a venture of this kind , you have to be prepare to take some kind of loss . nicky oh , listen , I understand that there 's always a risk ... you know , I might have to take a loss somewhere . nicky ( v.o. ) so I put some of the money into legitimate deal with Charlie Clark . he be Ace 's banker . nicky I mean , you will try to push it through , will not you , Mr Clark ? charlie clark yes . nicky well , you gotta understand , I be give you fifty thousand cash . charlie clark chuckle nicky ( v.o. ) then I put some more of the money ... int . leaning tower restaurant , kitchen - night a prosciutto sandwich be be prepare on a kitchen counter . nicky ( v.o. ) ... in some legitimate place , like my restaurant . dominick ( to cook prepare sandwich ) be that the last one ? cook yeah . he hand the sandwich to dominick who spit in it . nicky ( v.o. ) I have my kid brother , dominick , run it for I . dominick ( spit ) fucker ! dominick wrap it in plastic and put it into a brown paper bag . int . leaning tower restaurant - night dominick set the bag with the wrap sandwich in it on top of pizza box be hold by two uniform Vegas cop . dominick here you go , guy . cop # 1 all right . thanks , a lot . dominick yeah ... yeah , enjoy . cop # 2 yeah . he shake cop # 2 's hand before head back into the restaurant . dominick have a good time . ( muttering to himself . ) choke on it , ya motherfucker ! man # 1 ( pass dominick on he way out ) hey , dom . dominick hey , how you doin ' ? dominick walk over to some patron in the bar area . nicky enter , kissing he brother . ace ( v.o. ) yeah , nicky love restaurant . he be a real restaurant buff . and over the year , he always make money with they . nicky ( look at one of the patron ) hey , Rich . the camera follows nicky around the restaurant past las vega type - dealer , lounge act , showgirl , tv and movie celebrity , waitress and barmen - who use the jammed place as there hangout . ace ( v.o. ) in Vegas , he have the lean Tower . it be a very popular spot . he have politician , showgirl and movie star hangin ' out all over the place . nicky walk up to steve allen and jayne meadow seat at a table , he whistle they theme tune as he approach from behind . nicky listen , that show over at the flamingo get better and better . steve allen by the way , sammy say whenever you have a minute , give he a call . nicky make a messenger out of you too , huh ? steve allen ( laugh ) I will do anything for a buck . nicky he do it . he do it to everybody . enjoy you dinner . jayne meadow ( chuckle ) thanks . steve allen okay , thanks . ace ( v.o. ) but I gotta tell you , the thing nicky like the most be the showgirl , naturally . I mean , to they , nicky be the movie star . nicky walk across the room to marino and two showgirl , shelly and stacy . nicky ( to marino ) you walk past I ? marino hey . this be shelly . nicky hey , shelly . ( kiss she hand . ) shelly hi. nicky how be you ? Nice to meet you . marino ( point to stacy ) and this be stacy . nicky stacy . ( kiss she hand . ) marino ( to the showgirl ) this be Nick . nicky pleasure . stacy hi , Nick . marino we be gonna have dinner . come on . nicky all right , uh , ( to shelly ) let 's just check the kitchen first . Excuse we one second . come on , I will show you . he take shelly 's hand and lead she out . nicky ( v.o. ) ( from follow scene ) ' Cause I fly stuff in fresh every day . int . leaning tower restaurant , parking lot - night nicky and shelly walk across the parking lot and get into he two - tone , red and white car . nicky I get bread from back home . I get fish from California . and you can always tell a great kitchen like ours because of the milk - feed veal . that 's the secret . open the car door from the passenger 's side , she get in . nicky see , milk - feed veal be pure white . out here , they get that pink veal . slide over , honey . she slide over , he get into the passenger 's seat and close the door . nicky now , pink veal , you can pound that shit for two day and it will never get tender , you know what I mean ? shelly 's head disappear into nicky 's lap . int . leaning tower restaurant - night frank and dominick be at the bar watch as nicky chastise al , a gambler . the restaurant be empty except for a waiter milling around in the background , set a few table . al when I leave here with the money ... nicky mm. al ... I get muscle on the street . nicky mm. al a couple of guy , I owe they . so , that 's what I do . I give them the money . that 's what I do . nicky yeah ? al yeah . nicky you call yourself a man ? you know you be a lyin' , low -life , motherfuckin ' gambling degenerate prick ? you know that 's what you be ? two small kid at home . I give you money to pay the fuckin ' rent and buy grocery , put the heat on . you know you wife call frankie and tell he the fuckin ' heat 's off ? al glance over to marino . nicky huh ? and you do not gamble that fuckin ' money ? you be gonna stand here and tell I that ? he shake he head ' no ' . nicky no , no ? you do not ? al I do not give them the m- nicky do not fuck with I , Al ! do not make a fuck out of I ! you want to embarrass I and make a fool out of I ?! you do not gamble ?! tell I you gamble the fuckin ' money , I will give you the fuckin ' money to put the fuckin ' heat on ! do you gamble ?! huh ?! the chastise gambler nod ' yes ' , bow he head in shame . nicky fuckin ' degenerate , you . nicky take some money from he coat pocket and start count out some bill . nicky fuckin ' kid at home ! here . ( give he the money . ) get the fuck out of here . al thanks , Nick . nicky yeah , thanks . al walk out . nicky let I find out you fuck up , I will leave you wherever I find you . int . nicky's house , kitchen - day nicky , wear out from the night before , be make pancake for little nicky . nicky ( to little nicky ) how many of this you gonna eat , huh ? little nicky two . nicky two ? ace ( v.o. ) but around six - thirty in the morning when he finish he day - nicky hug and kiss he son . ace ( v.o. ) - no matter where he be or what he be do , he always go home to make breakfast for he son , nicky - Boy . nicky ( pour some syrup on he son 's pancake ) here , let 's put a little of this on for you . I know you like this . a little butter , right , not a lot ? little nicky mm-hm . nicky you know why , right ? little nicky yeah . nicky why ? little nicky ' Cause it clog up you heart . nicky what a smart kid you be ! ( kiss he . ) okay , eat . int . all - american gas station , back home - day marino walk through a office past a few hood . nicky ( v.o. ) every couple of week I use to send Marino back to the boss with a piece of what I make . title in : ' back home ' marino walk out of the office and through the garage . nicky ( v.o. ) not a big piece , but fuck they , what do they know ? they be fifteen hundred mile away ... ext . all - american gas station , back home - day Wide shot of gas station . there be snow on the ground . the cloudy , midwestern skyline of warehouse and skyscraper can be see behind the gas station sign : ' all - american Gas ' . nicky ( v.o. ) ... and I do not know anybody who can see that far . they drop be a truck stop / garage where ... int . all - american gas station , gaggi be back office - day remo gaggi be seat in a chair as marino walk in . curly , one of gaggi 's man , and two of the boss be there . nicky ( v.o. ) ... remo and the guy use to hang out and count they million . marino remo . he bend down and kiss he . gaggi hey , frankie . marino how be you ? gaggi Fine , fine . nicky ( v.o. ) I mean , the cop know , but they do not give a fuck . I mean , you know , they all work it out together . marino nicky send he warmest regards . marino unzip a small sack and hand gaggi a thick stack of cash . gaggi inspect it before hand it over to one of he man . gaggi uh-huh . good . nicky ( v.o. ) but I know how to keep the boss happy . whenever they give I little job to do , you know , to send a message , I would carry thing out ... gaggi and how be thing go down there ? marino Fine . everything 's goin ' good . nicky ( v.o. ) ...to a tee . like the time tony dog ... int . outskirt of vega bar - night flash cut of tony dog and two man shoot up a bar with automatics hit the owner , bartender and a waitress . nicky ( v.o. ) ... who be suppose to be the new maniac tough guy in town , shot up one of remo 's bar . here 's a fuckin ' guy , kill two of remo 's guy and a poor fuckin ' waitress , who be just workin ' on she night off , of all thing . slow motion on tony dog . nicky ( v.o. ) I mean , this guy 's just beggin ' to be make a example of . the man and the waitress lie dead on the floor . the bar be leave in shamble . gaggi ( v.o. ) ( from he office ) frankie ... int . all - american gas station , gaggi be back office - night a enraged gaggi give marino order . gaggi ... I want all the name of all the other people he have with he . and I do not care what you have to do to he to get them . you understand ? marino I will take care of it , remo . gaggi E mo va ! [ italian - american slang for ' now , go !' ] int . slot -machine shop , las vega - night marino and blue be drag tony dog , who be beat to a pulp , across the floor towards a workshop table . nicky follow they . nicky ( v.o. ) to be truthful with you , I have to admire this fuckin ' guy . he be one of the toughest irishman I ever meet . nicky this fuckin ' guy , he get some stamina , do not he ? nicky ( v.o. ) this son-of - a-bitch be tough . nicky personally , I do not give a fuck who be with he anyway . as long as he give I a name I could give to they . nicky ( v.o. ) for two day and two fuckin ' night , we beat the shit out of this guy . I mean , we even stick ice-pick in he ball . nicky you better hope he give I a fuckin ' name soon , or I be gonna give he yours , Frank . marino and blue lay dog on the table and put he head in a vise . they be exhaust from beat he . marino ( to nicky ) yeah , thanks a lot . nicky ( v.o. ) but he never talk . nicky ( to marino ) I know you would have ratted by now . nicky ( v.o. ) in the end , I have to put he fuckin ' head in a vise . nicky dog . dog , can you hear I , dog ? dog gasp and mumble . nicky listen to I , Anthony . I get you head in a fuckin ' vise . I be gonna squash you fuckin ' head like a grapefruit if you do not give I a name . do not make I have to do this , please . come on . do not make I be a bad guy . come on . tony dog ( with what strength he as leave ) fuck you ! nicky ( to marino and blue ) this motherfucker , do you believe this ? two fuckin ' day and night ! ( to dog . ) fuck I ? nicky begin to tighten the vise . nicky fuck I , you motherfucker ? ( turn the vise . ) fuck my mother ? that 's what you fuckin ' tell I ? nicky angrily keep spin the vise handle until suddenly one of dog 's eye bulge out of the socket . nicky huh ? you motherfucker , you , huh ? marino and blue be horrify by the sight . everybody freeze . nicky oh , God ! give I the fuckin ' name ! tony dog ch- Charlie m! nicky Charlie m? tony dog ( blood stream out of he mouth ) Charlie M. nicky ( scream ) Charlie m? you make I pop you fuckin ' eye out of you head to protect that piece of shit ? Charlie m? you dumb motherfucker ! tony dog ( plead ) kill I , you fuck , kill I . nicky kill you , ( unwind the crank ) you motherfucker you ! ( to marino . ) frankie , do he a fuckin ' favor . ace ( v.o. ) the word get around that finally ... marino place a knife against dog 's neck . ace ( v.o. ) ... there be a real gangster in town . nicky be the new boss of Las Vegas . we hear dog gasp as the knife slice he throat . nicky Charlie m! int . tangier casino - day extreme close - up of a slot-machine . four reel with seven across . suddenly , the power go out . light die down .. Machine ' waaaoow ' down to a dead stop . Security guard , on they hand and knee , be pull the plug on the three giant $ 15,000 progressive machine , as ace talk to don ward . ace four reel , seven across , three fifteen - thousand - dollar jackpot ? do you have any idea what the odd be ? ward shoot , it 's gotta be in the million , maybe more . ace Three fuckin ' jackpot in twenty minute ? why do not you pull the machine ? why do not you call I ? ward well , it happen so quick . Three guy win . I do not have a chance to call you . ace you do not see the scam ? you do not see what be goin ' on ? ward well , there 's no way to determine that , Sam . ace yes , there be . a infallible way ! they win ! ward well , it 's a casino . people gotta win sometimes . ace hey ... Ward , you be pissin ' I off . now , you be insulting my intelligence . what do you think , I be a fuckin ' idiot ? you know goddamn well somebody have to get into that machine and set that fuckin ' reel . sherbert enter , stand next to ace . ace the probability on one- four-reel machine be a million and a half to one . on three machine in a row , it 's in the billion . it can not happen ... would not happen , you fuckin ' momo ! what 's the matter with you ! do not you see you be bein ' set up on the second win ? ward I really think you be - ace ( interrupt ) you - wait ! you do not see that you be be set up on the second win ? ward I really think you be overreact in this whole - ace ( interrupt ) listen , you fuckin ' yokel , I have have it with you . I have be carryin ' you ass in this place ever since I get here . get you ass and get you thing and get out of here . ward you be firin ' I ? ace I be firin ' you ? no , I be not firin ' ( mock ward ) I be firin ' you , you - give sherbert a look . ward you might regret this , Mr rothstein . ace I will regret it even more if I keep you on . ward this be not the way to treat people . ace listen , if you do not know you be bein ' scamm , you be too fuckin ' dumb to keep this job . if you do know , you be in on it . either way , you be out ! get out ! go on . ( to sherbert . ) let 's go . ace and sherbert walk off , ward turn to leave . int . tangier casino , aku - aku lounge - day , a hour later ace and GREEN be seat have coffee and muffins in the Hawaiian lounge by the casino floor . ace I mean , the guy be history as far as I be concerned . History . GREEN but you can not just fire he . webb 's he brother - in- law . he 's County commissioner . ace so what ? everybody out here with cowboy boot be a fuckin ' county commissioner or related to a county commissioner . I be fuckin ' sick of it . GREEN this be he state . his uncle 's Chief judge . his brother - in- law run the County Commission . I do not know how many other relative he 's get in town . there 's gotta be a way to work he back in . ace phil , I can understand . you be in the finances , you be upstairs , but you be not on the floor . I get thousand of player . I get five hundred dealer . they be all lookin ' to rob I blind , twenty - four hour a day . I have to let they know I be watch all the detail , all the time ; that there be not one single thing I will not catch as I be over here . break open he blueberry muffin , put it down and point to green' . ace look at yours . GREEN what ? ace look at that . look at this . there 's nothin ' ... look how many blueberry you muffin have and how many mine have . your be fall apart . I have nothing . GREEN what be you talk about ? ace it 's like everything else in this place . you do not do it yourself , it never get do . GREEN follow ace to the kitchen . GREEN where you goin ' ? int . tangier kitchen - day ace , GREEN and the baker be gather around the baker 's counter surround by muffin tin and batter . ace ( handing the baker the two muffins ) from now on I want you to put a equal amount of blueberry in each muffin . a equal amount of blueberry in each muffin . baker you know how long that 's go to take ? ace I do not care how long it take . put a equal amount in each muffin . ace leave , GREEN look on in amazement as the baker hold the muffins . GREEN follow ace out . int . ace' house , kitchen - day ace , seat at the kitchen table , be feed amy in a high chair . the nanny be in the background . ace come on , honey , just a little . that a girl , that a girl . oh , boy , look . ginger enter and go to the sink . ace ( to amy , who be sobbing and mumble ) okay , want to go with mommy ? ace what do you need ? ginger ( give amy to the nanny ) you get she ? okay . ( to ace . ) well , I need a lot . I need more than usual . ace well , why do not you take it out of you account ? there 's a lot there . ginger well , I would , you know , Sam . it 's just that ... well , I need more than that . I need twenty - five thousand . she sit down at the table next to he . ace twenty - five thousand ? for yourself ? ginger ( pick up a empty carton of milk ) yeah . ace why do you need that much ? ginger well , what 's the difference ? I just need it . ace well , I mean ... you know , I gotta ask you . that 's a lot of money . you be not ask for a box of popcorn , you know . I mean ... ginger I be aware of that . we do not have to turn this into a big deal . ( get up to the refrigerator . ) okay ? we do not have to have a fight . it be important to I . but forget it . just something I want to do for myself . ace who 's fight ? I mean , I be , you know , tell I what it 's for . ginger , annoyed , close the refrigerator door . ace why can not you tell I what it 's for ? she stir she coffee . ace huh ? ( pause ) well , you know what ? now , I want you to tell I . I mean , my wife come to I and ask I for twenty - five thousand . I mean , what do you want ? do you want a coat ? ginger no . ace well , if you want a coat , you get it . you know that . it 's not the money , it 's just why do you want it ? that 's all I be askin' . be I not entitle to that ? ginger look - Sam , I have be independent my whole life . I never have to ask anybody for anything . now you be make I beg you for this . ace what be you talkin ' a- ? ginger ( interrupt ) okay ? and you be embarrassing I . why do want to make I feel so bad ? ace you be askin ' I for twenty - five thousand . I be not out to make you feel bad . I want to just be able to trust you . you now , it 's about trust . I have to be able to trust you with my life . do you understand ? can I trust you ? ( she do not answer . ) can I trust you ?... can I trust you ?... answer I . can I trust you ? ginger ( quietly ) you can trust I . ace good , so then you could tell I what the money be for . ginger give he a look and leave . int . vega bank vault - day ginger take about two inch of $ 100 bill out of a safe deposit box and slip it in a envelope . ext . vega / bank / public phone - day nicky be on a phone watch ginger leave the bank . nicky ( into telephone ) yeah , she 's leavin ' the bank now . all right , I be gonna follow she . ( he hang up . ) int . salvadoran diner booth - day ginger be in a booth with lester diamond , hand he the envelope fill with money . lester what do that mean ? no , I know that look . what do that mean ? ginger it mean I get the money . lester you get money . that 's a - that 's a good look . swish pan to ace entering , followed by a hood . he sit down at the booth with lester and ginger . ace how you doin ' , Les ? it 's lester , right ? Sam . extends he hand to lester , who shake it . ace from my recollection , be not you the card shark ... the golf hustler ... the pimp from beverly Hills ? lester give ginger a 'how do you fuck this up ? ' look . ace if I be wrong , please correct I , ' cause I never know you to be a heist man . ( lester sigh . ) but if you be , you know what ... here , take mine too . ace take some money out of he coat and put the thick wad of bill on the table . ace go ahead , take it . ' Cause you already have hers . lester turn and see two hood stand by the front and back door of the diner . ace she 's my wife . ( to lester . ) look at I . you do know that , do not you ? you know that she 's my wife ? huh ? hey , look at I . lester yeah , yeah . I know that . ace you do ? yeah ? well , if you ever come back again ... ever ... to take she money ... next time bring a pistol . that way you get a chance . be a man , do not be a fuckin ' pimp . now , you want to do I a favor ? get out of here . I want to be alone with my wife . get the fuck up and get out of here . after stammer for a moment , lester get up and begin to move towards the back door . lester ( quietly ) okay . ace you fuckin ' piece of shit . lester hey , that 's just fuckin ' - that 's bullshit . you know , you know , what the fuck ? the thug follow he out of the back door . ginger freeze . ace you remember when you call he that night ? when you say goodbye to he ? he do not say , ' do not get marry , I will be right down , we will get marry . ' he do not say that to you , do he ? ginger ( whisper ) no , he do not . ace ( pick up the money ) do not . no , instead , what do he say ? ' fuck he . take he for everything he 's get . ' ace take ginger by the arm to the rear of the diner where they can see the parking area through a glass door . ace come here , I want to show you somethin' . ext . rear of salvadoran diner , parking lot - day Three hood rush lester who be run towards he car . ginger burst through the door , try to get to lester . ace hold she back . they struggle . lester groan and gasp as the hood start to beat he up . hood # 1 you fuckin ' shit . ginger no ! no! no ! do not ! ace restrain she . the hood punch lester in the face and stomach . ginger make they stop it ! ( sob . ) no ! no ! no ! it 's not he fault ! it 's my fault ! nicky watch from a car in a parking lot across the street , out of ginger 's sight . ace force ginger into the car as the hood finish the beat . ginger ( sob ) no ! no ! the hood toss lester into he car . lester ( falling into the front seat on he back . ) fuck ! nicky watch as the hood walk away from lester 's car . lester fuck you ! hood # 2 you piece of shit . ace pull out of the parking lot with a wail ginger . lester groan , try to sit up . lester ( as ace and ginger drive off down the street ) could not do it yourself , you chickenshit cocksucker ! int . gold rush back room - day ginger and nicky be in the back room . nicky be sit on a couch while ginger stand by a mirror with a curling iron . ginger ( throw the iron on the counter ) he 's such a prick . he have some guy from the hotel beat he up . he do not want to do it himself . oh , no , he do not want to get he own hand dirty . she take a pill with a drink . ginger so , why would he have to do that , huh ? she walk towards nicky , who be sit on a couch across the room . ginger tell I . nicky I know it be not a nice thing to do but - ginger ( interrupt ) yeah , no shit . she sit down next to nicky . nicky well , you gotta understand it . he do not know if this guy be shaking you down or take advantage of you . ginger no ! no ! I tell he all about the guy before we ever get marry . this be no fuckin ' surprise . nicky oh , you do ? I do not know that . ginger yeah . he 's just a friend of mine I be try to help , so ... so what ? nicky you know ... the first time I ever see you guy together ... I never see he so happy . I mean , I know he 's a crazy Jew fuck and everything , but ... she smile . nicky I never see - you know , I never see he act like that with anybody else . I think he 's crazy about you . I mean , he really love you . he do . ginger oh , come on . I go into this with my eye open , you know . I know the bottom could drop out at any time . I be a work girl , right ? you do not think I be gonna go into a situation like this if I do not think I be gonna get cover on the back end . nicky sure . ginger be I right ? nicky I can see that . sure . ginger so , he put aside some jewelry for I . a lot of jewelry . nicky you mean , like a lot of expensive jewelry ? about how much ? ginger mm , you want to steal it ? ( crack a smile . ) nicky no. I - I be just curious , you know . I be wonderin ' how much he would put into a thing like that . that 's all . ginger I be tell it 's worth about a million dollar , maybe more . ( sniff . ) nicky well , there you go . but what do that tell ya ? a million dollar in jewelry . do that tell you the guy be crazy about you , or what ? ginger I should have never marry he . he 's a Gemini . a triple Gemini ... duality . ( break down . ) Gemini 's the snake . you know you can not trust the snake . ( sniff . ) I mean it . nicky I know what you mean . he move closer to she . nicky listen , Ginger ... you know , this be probably not ... I do not have the answer anyway ... and this be probably not what you want to hear right now , because you be a little upset with Ace . ginger I do . nicky I understand that . but , you know , I think you should try to make the best of it now . go slow , you know . see what happen . ginger he could have kill he ! okay ? he could have kill he . she get up and walk to the counter by the mirror . ginger he do not have to hit he . it 's not exactly like I be sleepin ' with the guy ! and he make I sneak around to see my own friend ! what the fuck be that all about ? nicky well , I guess it 's ' cause he love you so much . he 's jealous and worried . ginger ( sigh , she voice start to crack ) he give a fuck what I do ? nicky ( get up ) look , I will try to find out what the hell 's goin ' on . when I see he I will talk to he . ginger okay . nicky all right ? ginger yeah . ( walk over to he , smile . ) thanks . tower over nicky , hold a drink in one hand and he shoulder in the other , she lean down and kiss he . ginger thanks for puttin ' up with I . nicky take the drink out of she hand . nicky and take it easy with this shit , will you ? I mean , this can only make matter worse . ginger oh , come on . nicky you be a beautiful girl . you do not want to ruin you look . I have see a lot of girl get shot to hell from this stuff . ginger ( fidget with he jacket , then hold he face in she hand , smile . ) you be so nice . ( she begin to cry . ) nicky come on , now , I do not want to see you unhappy . she kiss he . ginger ( tenderly stroke he head ) thanks . nicky yeah . she embrace nicky , wrapping she arm around he . ginger ( through tear ) thank you . nicky ( feeling a little awkward with the hug ) it 's all right . she kiss he again . nicky do not move , hold back . int . ace' office - day pull back from a sign , with a tiny ' yes ' on top of a gigantic ' no ' , lean on a window overlook the sportsbook . we see ace , behind he desk , take a swig of mylanta . his secretary telephone . int . ace' outer office , secretary's desk - day we see past PAT webb 's cowboy hat down onto Ace 's secretary on the phone . secretary ( into telephone ) Mr rothstein ? County commissioner Pat webb be here to see you . ace ( over telephone ) okay ... int . ace' office - day ace ( into telephone ) ... give I a minute . secretary ( over telephone ) okay . ace hang up the phone . int . ace' outer office , secretary's desk - day secretary ( to webb ) it will just be a minute . int . ace' office - day ace get up from he desk and we see he be in he boxer short . he open the closet and carefully put on the trousers hang inside . int . ace' outer office - day a very patient webb be lean against some double door across from Ace 's secretary . secretary Mr webb ... can I get you anything ? webb oh , no . ( cordially tipping he hat . ) no , thank you , little lady . int . ace' office - day ace ( into telephone ) okay , send he in and call I four minute after . webb walk in . he be big , tough and western , wear a stetson , tool boot , jeans , a elbow - patch jacket and a turquoise bear claw string - tie . his headband contain a rattlesnake head . Ace 's secretary shut the door on she way out . webb Mr rothstein ... ( with hand outstretch to ace . ) I be Pat webb . ace how do you do ? they shake hand . webb hey , it be my pleasure . ace yeah , I hear a lot about you . webb oh , thank you , sir . look out Ace 's office picture window overlook the sportsbook . webb hey , house be doin ' well . ( chuckle . ) hey , all that money be rollin ' in . I appreciate you takin ' the time to see a poor ol ' civil servant . ace no , that 's quite all right . tilt up from webb snakeskin cowboy boot and ace' blue shoe as they continue talking . ace why do not you have a seat ? webb hm ? oh . thank you , sir . webb sit down in a chair in front of ace 's desk . webb uh , I come here personally to kind of smooth over a fraca about a certain matter . see , uh , maybe you do not know it , but , uh , Don Ward be a very well - like man in this town . he 's get lot of friend here . now , he family and they money go back many , many year . now , friend vote ... family and money vote . that 's important to I ... and you . and if you will think about we little problem along they line ... and you forgive I for sayin ' it , maybe he do not deserve to be fire . ace I be sorry , but he know about we gettin ' hit on three big machine in a row and he do nothing about it . that mean either he be in on it or , forgive I for say this , he be too dumb to see what be go on . either way , I can not have a man like that workin ' here . webb before we point the dirty end of the stick at 'ol Don , uh , we better be sure we can prove they charge . ace believe I , if I could prove it , he would be under arrest . webb be , uh - ( clear throat . ) - be we certain that you want the gamin ' Control board eyeballin ' you record and you gangster pal like nicky santoro ? ace I think you be way out of line talkin ' to I like that . what you be sayin ' be libelous , and you be in no position to challenge my expertise . I go way out of my way to be very helpful and courteous to that kid . he 's weak , he 's incompetent . he jeopardize the whole place . there 's not much more I can do for he . webb ( chuckle ) you have get I there . Old Don be as useless as tit on a boar . ( chuckle . ) but , he be my brother - in - law , and I would look on it as a personal favor if you would think some more on hirin ' he back . ace I can not do that . and I appreciate the fact that he 's you brother - in - law , and I do want to help you and I like to do favor , and I know who you be , but I can not do that . webb well , could there be any position ... further down the trough ? ace ( pause ) I be sorry , I can not do anything . he 's too incompetent . and the bottom line be , he can not be trust . the telephone ring . ace pick it up . ace ( into telephone ) okay , thanks . ( to webb . ) um ... you know , that 's it . I be sorry . webb Mr rothstein . you people never will understand the way it work out here . you be all just we guest . but you act like you be at home . let I tell you somethin' , partner ... you be not home . but that 's where we be gonna send you if it harelip the Governor . ( pause . ) thank you for you time . ace no problem . ( get up and shaking hand . ) sorry . webb ( smile slightly ) you bet . int . ace' house , bathroom / bedroom - day ace , in pain from he ulcer , open a bottle of pill in he bathroom and see that it be almost empty . ace what happen to my pill ? he leave the bathroom and walk into the bedroom where ginger be stretch out on they imperial bed . ginger huh ? ace ( waving the pill bottle ) be not it bad enough you be drinkin ' too much , you be takin ' all my pill too ? ginger I do not take you pill . ace look - for my ulcer , I take a half a one of this , a half a one of this . and that 's when I have extreme pain . I have a three - month supply . what would you do with them ? ginger ( sob ) you do not have to beat he up ! ace ( walk back to the bathroom ) what ? ace put the bottle into the medicine cabinet . ginger ( sob ) I be just tryin ' to help he . it 's not like I be sleep with the guy ! ace yeah , how do I know ? ginger ( sob ) you can not make I stop caring ... ace what ? what ?! ginger I say , you can not make I stop caring about people . she start to cry . ace ( try to calm she ) listen . ( stepping up to the bed . ) Ginger . I be tryin ' to make the best of everything here , you know ? I mean , you be my wife , for chrissake . uh , I mean ... people look up to you in this town . I do not know what to think - ginger ( interrupt ) you know what , Ace ? I do not give a shit ! I be gettin ' out of here . ( crying . ) I be . she sit up woozy , and try to pull on she trousers . ace ( walk around the bed to she ) it 's okay . look ... ( hold she face , gently ) ... you gotta get a hold of yourself . ginger okay . ace if not for I , at least for Amy . ginger ( sob ) okay , okay . ace ( gently ) you understand ? you drink 's gettin ' way out of hand . I be gonna get you into a program . they get plenty of good one . ginger I do not need one . ace yes , you do . it 's very discreet . there 's no name in the papers . you do not have to worry about any of that stuff . ginger that 's all you care about . ( collapsing on the edge of the bed . ) you do not care about I at all . ace ( bend down to she ) yes , I - yes , I do . ginger no , you do not . ace how could you say that ? you be a beautiful woman . you be destroy yourself . you do not need that stuff . you do not need that fuckin ' leech livin ' off you . I know you better than you know yourself . you be a tiger , you be stronger than I be . and when you set you mind on do something , you do it better than anybody . ( stroke she hair . then , quietly : ) you can do it . ( kiss she . ) you can do it . ginger ( sob ) oh , God . oh , god. okay . okay ... I will try . I will try . she sit up and put she arm around ace 's waist . he stroke she head . ginger I will try . I will . do not be mad at I , okay ... I will . int . tangier hard count room - day move in on a door that read : ' notice - no admittance - caution - hear Protection must be worn in this Area ' . nance open it with a key to reveal the hard count room . coin tumble of a conveyor belt . nicky ( v.o. ) no matter what the problem be outside the count room , it be all worth it . the cash keep rollin ' in . and the ... ext . casino rear loading platform - day nance , dump two large suitcase in the trunk of a car . nicky ( v.o. ) ...suitcase keep comin ' and goin ' . and let I tell ya , the fuckin ' bottom line here be ... cash . the trunk lid be shut . int . tangier soft count room - day the counter sort through a pile of cash on a table . the camera move on one counter as he pocket some cash . nicky ( v.o. ) the only problem be that , after a while , the boss notice that the suitcase be gettin ' a little light . freeze frame on the counter pocketing a $ 100 bill . int . san marino italian grocery / back room , kansas CITY - day nance be seat at a table eat with forlano , capelli , capp , borelli , piscano and gaggi . borelli aspett ' . [ italian - american slang for ' wait ' ] wait a minute . you mean to tell I that the money we be robbing be bein ' rob ? that somebody 's robbing from we ? we go through all this fuckin ' trouble , and somebody 's robbin ' we ? gaggi ( to nance ) eh ? nance like I say , you know , i- it 's part of the business . I - it 's consider leakage . borelli leakage , my ball . I want the guy who 's robbin ' we . int . tangier hard count room - day nance enter through a door and walk past a man pick up a bucket of coin and dump they into a trough . a clerk , seat at a coin weigh scale , place a ticket into a small tray . nance read the printout of the machine . nicky ( v.o. ) even John nance , that 's the guy who run the skim , he know there be not much you could do about it . you gotta know that a guy who help you steal , even if you take care of he real well , I mean , he 's gonna steal a little bit extra for himself . make sense , do not it ? right ? well , you go try and make this hard - head old greaseballs understand that . int . san marino italian grocery / back room , kansas CITY - day borelli what 's the point of skim if we be be skimm ? defeat the whole purpose of what we be doin ' out there . gaggi ( to nance ) huh ? nance you know , they take this money because they be my guy . so you gotta give them some leeway . nicky ( v.o. ) but the boss never believe in leeway , so listen to what they do : they ... int . san marino italian grocery / back room , kansas CITY - day borelli be talk to piscano , he underboss . nicky ( v.o. ) ... put artie piscano , the underboss of kc , in charge of make sure nobody skimm the skim . borelli what the hell have you be doin ' out there ? piscano I be out there with my cumma [ italian - american slang for ' girlfriend ' . ] borelli you cumma ? what be you doin ' with you cumma ? piscano what else ? I give she a schaff [ italian - american slang for ' tap ' . ] nicky ( v.o. ) the only trouble be , piscano be a disaster . this guy could fuck up a cup of coffee . borelli artie , what the hell have you be doin ' out there , artie ? piscano I be out there more than I be here . nicky ( v.o. ) and little do anybody know where this would all lead . if they do , they would have be better off makin ' fuckin ' novenas . borelli you gotta go back there and talk to that guy . piscano come on , go back there ? I never get pay my expense for the last trip . borelli what expense ? piscano well , I be goin ' all over , layin ' money out of my own pocket , and I never get anything back . what the hell 's goin ' on ? borelli you gotta go back out there . piscano well , then , from now on , I be gonna start keepin ' record . borelli artie , no record , artie . what be you gonna do with record ? pay tax ? piscano well , I keep layin ' out my own fuckin ' dough for this trip and nothin ' ever come back . I mean , what hell 's goin ' on ? what be we doin ' over here ? borelli you be goin ' out to Las Vegas , you be havin ' a good time at my expense . what the fuck ? I mean , after all , you be the one have a good time , not I . ace ( v.o. ) no matter how many novenas you could make , nothin ' ... int . tangier , green' office - day GREEN be argue with anna scott , a fifty - year - old no - nonsense businesswoman . ace ( v.o. ) ... be gonna stop what come up next at the casino . GREEN I can not believe you be do this . scott we make a deal . you come to I , remember ? GREEN yes , I appreciate you advice ... ace ( v.o. ) it turn out phil Green , Mr integrity , have a partner nobody know about ... and when she show up and start demand some money from the tangier ... GREEN why be you do this to I ? scott because you be wrong . GREEN I be not wrong . scott yes , you be . GREEN no , I be not wrong . ace ( v.o. ) ... Green try to stonewall she . scott and you be not go to get away with this ! I will see to it that you do not get away with this ! she walk out . ace ( v.o. ) so ... int . court -room - day a judge be seat at he bench . scott and GREEN , surround by they lawyer , take they seat . nance watch from the back row . ace ( v.o. ) ... she sue he in court . judge the court will now hear the matter of the plaintiff , Anna Scott , against tangier Corporation and its president , Philip Green . lawyer # 1 good morning , you honor . John momet on behalf of Mr Green . lawyer # 2 Mitchell Logan on behalf of Anna Scott , you honor . judge Mr Logan , you may proceed . lawyer # 2 thank you , judge . as the judge pound he gavel , we see anna scott and a grim GREEN . int . court -house corridor - day anna scott hold a impromptu press conference . scott I believe he be absolutely fair and I be delighted with the decision . nance be talk at a pay phone , scott and the reporter be in the background . nance ( into telephone ) we get a problem . int . all - american gas station , gaggi' back office , back home - day curly hand gaggi the phone . he listen . nance ( over telephone ) it do not go too well . int . court -house corridor - day nance ( as GREEN and he lawyer walk past he , exite the court-house ) Green have to open up the book ... have to show how he get the financing . and , hey , that 's - that 's not good . int . all - american gas station , gaggi' back office , back home - day gaggi , hold a cigarette , snap he finger in disgust , grunt , and slam down the phone . he man watch in silence . gaggi shit . curly take the phone away . nicky ( v.o. ) she be doin ' pretty good with she lawsuit , but before she could start countin ' she money , the boy back home decide to settle the case out of court instead . int . anna scott' home , kitchen , las vega - day scott , alone , be sit at she kitchen table . nicky ( v.o. ) so , they send I . nicky swiftly enter the room , grab scott around the neck , and fire three shot into she head . he lean scott back against the chair , then gently , while stroking she hair , set she head to the side . blood flow from she mouth on to she pink robe . nicky grab he gun and leave . Reporters be hear shouting ' Mr gree n ' . ext . las vega private airport - morning GREEN get off the tangier corporate jet and be assault by question about the Scott murder . GREEN be stunne . reporter # 1 can you comment on the murder of Anna Scott ? GREEN what be you talk about ? reporter # 1 ( o.s. ) she be find last night , shot in the head . reporter # 2 ( o.s. ) be this just a real -estate partnership ? reporter # 3 ( o.s. ) her lawyer say you be partner . GREEN we be - we be involved in minor real estate deal many year ago . it be never a partnership . Reporters chase chase as he walk down the ramp and across the tarmac to he white limousine . reporter # 1 Police be call this a mob-style kill . reporter # 2 do you ever hear of the twenty - two - caliber killer ? GREEN I be a little in shock , quite frankly ... ace ( v.o. ) now , instead of the cop only lookin ' at nicky , they start look at Green too . and he be suppose to be we squeaky ... int . ace' office - day ace be be interview by a female Business week reporter . sherbert and ronnie be sit on a couch , listen to the interview . the reporter be seat across from ace , at he desk . ace ( v.o. ) ... clean front man . so , I have to start give interview to make sure everybody know the casino be on the up and up . reporter so , actually , how often do you really fill in for he ? ace look at sherbert . sherbert ( to reporter , who look he way . ) Green 's here about two or three time a month , and he 's busy - ( reporter glance back at ace . ) - with other real - estate deal and - and thing , you know . reporter ( to ace ) so , in Green 's absence , then , you be the boss . ace I serve at the pleasure of the chairman of the board and ... my , uh , responsibility be to run the day - to -day operation . reporter so , day - to -day , then , you be the boss ? ace well , in a sense , you could say that ... I be the boss , when Mr Green be away . you could say that . int . gaming control board office - day a magazine headline read ' Sam rothstein : " I be the boss ! " '. webb ( o.s. ) hm . have you read this ? the magazine show a photograph of ace . a caption read : ' rothstein assert authority at tangier casino ' . webb ( o.s. ) hm ? it 's ' bout Mr rothstein . we see webb hold up a copy of Business week in the game board office of investigator ronnie duprey and matt austin . webb it say ( reading ) ' the Midwest bookmaker with mob tie say that he be the real boss of the new hundred - million - dollar tangier casino empire . ' ( to duprey and austin ) you believe that ? duprey do he really say that ? webb why , of course , he really say that . it 's right here . have that man even file for he license yet ? austin I do not know . we will have to check the file . webb well , without gettin ' you short in a knot , would you do that ? and kinda check closely , ' cause we may have to kick a kike 's ass out of town . thank you . he exit . int . ace' house - night ace be watch the television news which feature he photo and a police photo of nicky . newscaster ( on television ) a Gaming Control board investigation of tangier executive Sam rothstein 's application for a ( photo of ace ) game license be underway . rothstein , who head the tangier casino operation and be a boyhood friend of Las Vegas mob boss nicky santoro , ( photo of nicky ) could lose he ability to work in the casino . the phone ring . it 's nicky . ace ( into telephone ) hello . nicky ( over telephone ) listen ... ext . strip mall public phone booth - night we see nicky through the telephone booth glass . nicky ( into telephone ) ... I gotta meet clean face right away . what about the chez paree ? super subtitle ' I gotta meet Charlie the banker right away at you house , okay ? ' ace ( into telephone ) no , you , you can not . you gotta make a reservation . int . ace' house - night ace ( into telephone ) it 's all book up . super subtitle ' I do not want a meeting at my house . ' nicky ( over telephone ) no , no it 's okay . ace ( into telephone ) it 's impossible . it 's book up , and you gotta make a reservation . it 's ... ext . strip mall public phone booth - night ace ( into telephone ) ... very difficult to get in . nicky ( into telephone ) well , it 's okay . I will use the service entrance . I will see you at nine . super subtitle ' I will come in from the golf course side . see you at six . ' ace ( over telephone ) uh ... int . ace' house - night ace ( over telephone ) ... all right . he hang up and take a drag off he cigarette . newscaster ( on television , from follow scene ) the battle between ... int . ace' house , upstair den - day ace and the banker , charlie clark , be upstairs in the de , which have a patio overlook a swim pool and golf course . charlie be seat on a couch watch tv . ginger enter and walk across the room , get another drink from the bar . ace , take he ulcer medicine , watch she . newscaster ( on television ) ... state game official and tangier casino boss Sam ' Ace ' rothstein be heating up . tonight , a up - to- the - minute look at Ace rothstein 's attempt to get state license despite law enforcement allegation of rothstein 's organize crime connection . will Sam rothstein 's friendship with alleged organize crime figure nicky santoro keep rothstein from run the tangier casino ? and can the integrity of state game law be jeopardize by a boyhood friendship ? ace walk over to ginger at the bar . ace ( quietly ) why do not you take it easy with that stuff ? huh ? come on . let I help you . come on . we be talkin ' about some stuff . newscaster ( on television ) State official say ' yes ' when that relationship and that connection be with anyone as notorious as nicky santoro . ace take ginger 's arm and lead she out of the room toward the stair . newscaster tonight at six : ' will a boyhood friendship unseat rothstein as the tangier ' casino boss ? ' exclusive on the kvvo special News report . ( reading commercial . ) ... promise to keep my money fear away ? ace ( to ginger ) just go downstairs . just ... go downst - she struggle to break away from he firm grip , give he a look and start to walk down the stair . newscaster ( on television , continue commercial ) promise to be financially secure ? money time can help you keep that promise . ace look down on ginger as she slip on the stair . charlie clark you can not let this concern you , Ace . do not worry about that stuff . outside the glass door nicky arrive via the stair from the golf course . charlie clark ( o.s. ) it 's just a political witch hunt . ace open the slide glass door and nicky enter . nicky hey , Ace . ace hey . nicky walk over to charlie clark . ace want something to drink ? Charlie you want a refill ? charlie clark yeah , refill would be great . nicky ( approach charlie ) no , I do not want one . ( smiling , extend he hand . ) hey , Mr Clark , how you doin ' ? charlie clark ( shake hand ) hi. good . nicky ( sitting down with he on a couch ) I have be try to reach you . you be tougher to get than the President . charlie clark well , I have be busy . ( chuckle . ) nicky yeah , least you could do be return my phone call , though . charlie clark listen ... nicky ... we talk about this ... and , uh , I explain to you that there be the possibility you might have to take some kind of loss . nicky yeah . ( pause . ) I think I want my money back . charlie clark ( chuckle ) what be you gonna do ? strong-arm I ? nicky you know ... I think that you have get the wrong impression about I . I think in all fairness , I should explain to you what it be that I do . for instance , tomorrow morning I will get up nice and early , take a walk down over to the bank and walk in and see you , and , uh ... if you do not have my money for I , I will crack you fuckin ' head wide open in front of everybody in the the bank . and just about the time that I be comin ' out of jail , hopefully , you will be comin ' out of you coma . and guess what ? I will split you fuckin ' head open again . because I be fuckin ' stupid . I do not give a fuck about jail . that 's my business . that 's what I do . and we know what you do , do not we , Charlie ? you fuck people out of money and get away with it . charlie clark ( as he put a notepad in he briefcase ) you can not talk to I like ... nicky ( grabbing charlie by he jacket ) hey , you fat irish prick . you put my fuckin ' money to sleep . you go get my money , or I will put you fuckin ' brain to sleep . charlie clark ( to ace , panting ) Sam ? nicky never mind fuckin' Sam . this be personal . ( walk with charlie to the stair . ) I will be there in the morning . you can fuckin ' try I , fatso . a frighten charlie hurry down the stair . nicky you fuckin ' try I . he turn to ace who 's behind the bar . nicky you think he get the point ? ace ( walk to nicky ) what be you doin ' ? he 's a square guy , for chrissake . you can not treat he like that . he 's gonna run to the FBI . nicky fuck the FBI ! that prick 's be dodging I for three week . and what be it with you ? all of a sudden , you be tryin ' to tell I what to do all the time . ace I be not tryin ' to tell you what to do . but you be way out of line , Nick . what be you doin ' ? where 's you head ? nicky where 's my head ? where 's you fuckin ' ball ? huh ? you know I be tryin ' to put something ' really big together out here . you know what I be talkin ' about , huh ? you know ! if you be actin ' like this now , how can I depend on you ? there 's a lot of thing gonna change out here . and if you wanna be there with I , sammy , you be gonna have to go my fuckin ' way . ace listen , Nick , you gotta understand my situation . I be responsible for thousand of people . I get a hundred million a year goin ' through the place . it 's all over , I be gonna tell you , it 's all over , if I do not get that license . and believe I , if it go bad for I , it 's gonna go bad for a lot of people , you understand ? nicky yeah , forget about you fuckin ' license . I plant my own flag out here , you be not gonna need a fuckin ' license . ( pause . ) you know , I do not know what it be , sammy , but the more I talk to you , the more I feel like you just do not wanna go along with I , be that it ? ace no , I do not wanna come - nicky you should say so . ace I do not wanna come along with you . nicky just say so . ace I will be honest with you . nicky all right , fine . ace I do not wanna be involved in anything you be talkin ' about ... nicky Fine . nicky walk to a table and flip through Business week magazine . ace ...okay ? I just wanna run a square joint . that 's it . I just want my license . I want everything nice and quiet . that 's it . nicky ( holding up the magazine ) you mean , quiet like this : ' I be the boss . ' that 's quiet ? ace that 's all take out of context . okay . nicky yeah , that 's out of context . okay . ace I have no control over that . ronnie and billy be right there . they will tell you exactly what happen . nicky well , back home they do not know about fuckin ' control . that look bad . ace look bad ? I be gonna tell you what look bad . nicky yeah ? ace every time you be on television I get mention . that look bad . that look bad . nicky what the fuck happen to you ? will you tell I ? ace what happen to I ? what happen to you ? nicky yeah . ace you lose you control . nicky I lose control ? ace yes , you lose you control . nicky look at you . you be fuckin ' walkin ' around like John barrymore . ace all right . nicky a fuckin ' pink robe and a fuckin' ... ace all right . nicky ...uh , uh , cigarette holder . I be - I lose control ?! ace yeah . nicky you know , I do not want to bring this up , but you have treat a lot of people with a lot of disrespect . even you own wife . ace my wife ? nicky yeah . ace now , what do she have to do with all this ? nicky well , she come to see I . she be upset about a lot of thing , especially that whole fuckin' diamond - that lester diamond incident . ace all of a sudden , you be the shoulder to cry on ? do you at least tell she about you little role in that whole situation ? nicky no , I do not . what good would that do ? that 's not the fuckin ' point . ace listen , I would - nicky ( interrupt ) the point be that she 's upset . she 's - and you get a fuckin ' problem . ace I - I would appreciate it if you would stay out of my personal life , okay ? you would not like it if I do it to you . nicky hey , she come to talk ... ace please ... nicky ...to I . ace ... do not do it to I ... nicky she come to talk to I ... ace okay ? nicky and I - what be I suppose to do , throw she out ? ace ju-just stay away from she . it 's none of you business , okay ? there be certain thing you do not do , and you know that . nicky it 's none of my business ? ace that 's right , yeah . nicky a week ago it be my business , now it 's none of my business . in other word , when you need I to take care of something ' for you , then you need I . ace yeah , that 's right , the way you need I to vouch for you as a citizen and get you out of one of you jam . I be gonna have to straighten out what you just do with this guy . nicky start to walk out . ace this guy be gonna run to the FBI . nicky you fuckin ' head be get ' bigger than you casino . that 's you problem , pal . ace ( v.o. ) I know what he want , and I do not want any part of it . nicky ( walk to the glass door leave ace stand there ) fuckin ' walk around with a big head . you better check yourself ... ace ( v.o. ) nicky want to take over . he want to go after gaggi , go after the skim , go after everything and everybody . nicky shut the door behind he and walk down the stair to the golf course . ace ( v.o. ) plus , he have stop askin ' permission from back home for every little thing . ext . vega STREET - night quick zoom out from a dead body with a gunshot wound in the chest . cop and PRESS be milling around . ext . vega house - day camera spiral out from the body of a casino executive and he wife who have be gunned down on there front lawn . ace ( v.o. ) a casino boss and he wife be kill . the bull question nicky . ext . parking lot - night Police photographer take picture of a dealer , dead behind the wheel of he car , he eye and mouth freeze wide open in a silent scream . ace ( v.o. ) a dealer from the sirocco ... they question nicky . int . underground garage - day two policeman open the trunk of a car and find a truss - up dead body . they cover they nose because of the stench . ace ( v.o. ) a bunch of stool pigeon wound in the trunk of they car ... they question nicky . ext . lawyer' house - night we see a brand - new car explode . ace ( v.o. ) a lawyer ... they question nicky . ext . house doorway - day a front door where a pile of newspaper have accumulate . another newspaper be throw at the door . ace ( v.o. ) and when some guy who do not pay they shylock begin disappear , nicky 's name be in every one of that newspaper . ext . STREET outside court -house - day nicky and oscar goodman , he lawyer , leave the court-house , surround by reporter and photographer . they wait at the curb for the light and nicky , smile , politely caution a photographer to be careful of the on-come traffic . ace ( v.o. ) nicky be question in two dozen murder , but they always have to let he go . there be never any witness . nicky ( v.o. ) the copper blame I for everything that go wrong out here , and I mean every little fuckin ' thing too . nicky ( to photographer ) watch yourself . you be gonna get run over there . nicky ( v.o. ) if a guy fuckin ' trip over a fuckin ' banana peel , they would bring I in for it . nicky ( to reporter ) come on , huh . that 's enough now . be nice , huh ? be nice . int . all - american gas station , gaggi' back office , back home - day marino walk through a doorway to gaggi 's office . curly pat he on the back . he shake beeper 's hand , then forlano 's , who be on the phone . nicky ( v.o. ) and the boss be no better . I mean , they complain day and night because thing do not run smooth . well , in my line of work , thing do not run so smooth , I be sorry . I mean , I be deal with degenerate animal out here . but the boss , what do they give a fuck ? they be sittin ' on they ass , drinkin ' anisette . meanwhile , I be the guy in the trenches . fuckin ' boss , they think it 's a fuckin ' free lunch out here . marino hand a brown - paper bag fill with $ 100 bill to gaggi . gaggi ( ignoring the money ) frankie ... they find a guy 's head in the desert . do you know about that ? marino yeah , I hear , yeah . gaggi yeah . everybody 's talkin ' about it . they be makin ' a big deal out of it . marino I know . gaggi it 's in all the papers . marino what be you gonna do ? gaggi and I mean ... that 's no good . marino I know . gaggi you gotta tell he ... to take care of thing a little better . marino I will tell he , remo . nicky ( v.o. ) fuckin ' ... ext . vega strip bus stop bench - day nicky be talk quietly to marino . they be surround by people wait for the bus . nicky ( v.o. ) ... boss . I mean , they be smokin ' they Di nobilis and they be eatin ' a trippa [ italian - american slang for ' tripe ' . ] and fuckin ' suffritt ' , you know , fry pig gut ? while , if I wanna talk private , I gotta go to a fuckin ' bus stop . nicky ( to marino ) but , hey , what do they care , as long as I keep sendin ' money back . marino yeah , but they be complain . nicky let them complain . I be the one who 's here . the bus arrive , obscure we view of they . nicky I do all the work . somebody do not like it , fuck he . marino it 's up to you . nicky they want a fuckin ' war , I be ready . when the bus depart it reveal nicky and marino alone on the bench , talk . nicky I know one thing . all I gotta do be take care of four or five of that fuckin ' guy , the rest will fall right into place . believe I . int . gold rush - day nicky be watch a police surveillance car with two agent through binocular . nicky ( v.o. ) peekaboo , you fuck , you . nicky I see you , you motherfucker . ace ( v.o. ) the problem be , nicky be not only bringin ' heat on himself , but on I too . the FBI watch every move he make . but he do not care . he just do not care . the camera move past nicky to reveal marino , seated in front of tv security monitor on the parking area in front and behind the gold rush . nicky ( v.o. ) if they be gonna watch I , fuck them , I be gonna watch them right back . I spend a few dollar . top dollar , who give a shit ? hardy , seat next to marino , be adjust a knob on one of the may police radio scanner . there be a couple of camera on the table next to he . a debugge expert be go over the wall with a metal detector . nicky ( v.o. ) I get the latest anti-buggin ' equipment from the same place that sell to the fuckin' CIA . I have all the special police frequency radio , FBI descrambler , camera that see in the dark , and because of that , the miserable son - of - bitch that they be , they never once catch I doin ' anything I could not handle . dominick and fusco be at a table argue . ace ( v.o. ) I get my job ... ext . golf course - day nicky swing a gold club . marino , and two man , be with he . ace ( v.o. ) ...on the line and this guy 's out havin ' the time of he life . he have every cop in the state watchin ' he , and he 's out playin ' golf . nicky practice enough this week , you prick ? ace ( v.o. ) and at the ... ext . ace' patio - day ace be with the Control board investigator austin and duprey . they be all pour over legal file and record book out on a table by the swim pool . ace ( v.o. ) ... worst possible time for I . austin a record of the arrest ... ace ( v.o. ) I have my license hearing come up and I do not wanna leave anything to chance . ace that be nineteen year ago , and they be simple gambling pinch . ace ( v.o. ) I mean , if I can not work in Vegas , where be I gonna go ? austin you have be very open with we . I mean , uh , you book and papers and ... that - that 's gonna mean something when you go before the Commission . ace well , that 's all I ask , gentleman , a fair hearing . duprey well , this kind of honesty will guarantee that fair hearing . ace good . austin all right , well , we will move on to - suddenly a sputtering airplane fly right over Ace 's house . austin ( o.s. ) ( as he look at the plane ) I want to hear something about ... Kansas City . ext . golf course - day nicky ( look at the airplane ) what the fuck be this ? where 's this fuckin ' guy gonna land , on the fairway ? ext . ace' patio - day ace and the board investigator follow the plane as it land on the fairway . ace have take off he sunglass to get a better look . two man in suit get out . ext . golf course - day nicky ( to marino ) they be fuckin ' agent , frankie . look at this . ext . ace' patio - day the agent run across the golf course , past ace and the investigator , who look on open-mouthed . ace ( v.o. ) the fed be watchin' nicky play golf for so long , they run out of gas . just what I need . right in front on the Control board . the agent run behind the hedge by ace 's pool . austin and duprey stare at ace as if he have something to do with it . ext . golf course - day nicky a hundred dollar , whoever hit the plane . nicky , marino , and the other man swing they club . ext . ace' patio - day ace ( v.o. ) ( put he sunglass back on ) and , as if thing be not bad enough ... ext . san marino italian grocery , kansas CITY - day ace ( v.o. ) ... in come piscano , the Kansas City underboss . he run that little grocery store in Kansas City where they bring the suitcase . int . san marino grocery , kansas CITY - day piscano and he mother be at the counter of he elderly brother -in - law 's store . piscano they be fightin ' over that suitcase again . you know what that mean , right ? you know what that mean , right ? that mean I gotta take another trip out to Vegas , and it 's gonna cost I another couple of grand . ace ( v.o. ) he run it with he brother - in -law , but mostly what he do be complain , complain about he trip to Vegas , to he brother - in - law and to he mother , all the time . brother-in-law ( seat ) you gotta lay down the law . otherwise they be gonna make a fool out of you . piscano they be not gonna make a fool out of I . I write it all down in this book , ( hold up a notepad ) every fuckin ' nickel that go down . right here , receipt ... piscano' mother ( chastise she son ) hey ! oh ! piscano oh , sorry - piscano' mother what 's the matter with you ? piscano receipt and bill and ... everything 's here . piscano' mother since when do you talk like that ? piscano I be sorry . piscano' mother there 's a lot of people here . piscano nance give I trouble and I will tell he ... screw around with that suitcase and I will take the eye out of he frickin ' head . piscano' mother again ! piscano I do not curse . I say ' frickin ' head ' . piscano' mother that 's enough . piscano I be sorry . ace ( v.o. ) and what happen next ? the camera tilt up to the ceiling AIR vent to a tiny microphone and transmitter at its base . ace ( v.o. ) you can not believe it . I mean , who the hell would believe that the FBI have a wire in the place lookin ' for some information about some old homicide about some guy who be whacked - out , God know when , over God know what ? piscano plus , what 's to prevent he with the suitcase , that he can take what he want ? fuckin ' nance , he bring we back two suitcase from the tangier , and what about three or four ? int . post office across the STREET , kansas CITY - day a pen write ' nance ' on a piece of paper . int . san marino italian grocery , kansas CITY - day piscano we get nobody in the room to watch . that 's the law . you know , we can not even go into the count room to watch we money ? could you believe this cowboy bullshit ? his mother shake she head . piscano and sure he 's get he people in there . but how do you know ? they could all be in on it together , that miserable fuck . his mother react to he language . piscano I will find out and , if it 's Green himself , I will bury that bastard . int . post office across the STREET , kansas CITY - day a pen write the word ' GREEN ' . piscano ( over transmitter ) I have never trust he . and you know I get eye ... int . san marino italian grocery , kansas CITY - day piscano ... behind my head . they trust that scumbag , I do not . right now , the way I feel , I will hit the two of they in the head with a fuckin ' shovel . piscano' mother all right , take it easy now , take it easy . piscano Mom , I be sorry , they be beatin ' I leave and right . ( knock down some bottle of olive oil . ) ma , I be sorry . I be all upset . piscano' mother ( tapping the counter ) I know , but that 's enough . piscano you know - you know - you know what they be doin ' to I ? piscano' mother I know it , I know it . piscano I can not take this no more . back and forth , back and forth . piscano' mother take it easy , though . piscano all right , all right . but I - I - piscano' mother you will get a heart attack like that . piscano you know , I - I be too upset right now . and - a end have to be put to this . ace ( v.o. ) and the damn ... camera pan off the listening device in the vent to a window and the post office across the STREET . ace ( v.o. ) ... thing be , they go and hear all this stuff about Las Vegas and the casinos and the suitcase , and that 's it . piscano ( o.s. ) if I have to start handlin ' thing the way I ... int . post office SMALL room , kansas CITY - day behind a window overlook the grocery store be two FBI agent listen to piscano 's conversation . piscano ( over transmitter ) ... do year ago , start kickin ' ass , I - I will do it , and I will use the goddamn shovel ! I mean , I ... we see a agent look out of the window with a pair of binocular . piscano' mother ( over transmitter ) you be right . the other agent , with headphone , be seat at a desk by a tape recorder , write . piscano ( over transmitter ) ... everything 's comin ' out of my pocket . I gotta pay for all this trip back and forth , back and forth . piscano' mother ( over transmitter ) you be right . what can I ... int . WASHINGTON FBI office - day piscano' mother ( on tape recorder ) ... tell you . title in : ' WASHINGTON , D.C. ' the camera tilt down a american flag to reveal the tape now be transcribed by a FBI stenographer ace ( v.o. ) would you believe that such a thing could happen ? piscano ( on tape recorder ) I be in this to make money , not to lose money . and ... ace ( v.o. ) every FBI man across the country have they ear open now . piscano ( on tape recorder ) because ... the stenographer 's pen write : ' borelli ' on a piece of paper . piscano ( on tape recorder ) ... if you want somethin' ... stenographer write : ' tangier '. piscano ( on tape recorder ) ... do right , you gotta do it yourself . piscano' mother ( on tape recorder ) then do it the way you want . Pen write : ' vega ' . piscano' mother ( on tape recorder ) what can I tell you ? ace ( v.o. ) I mean ... Pen write : ' santoro '. ace ( v.o. ) ... piscano , this guy basically ... the stenographer 's pen tap twice on the word ' santoro ' . ace ... sink the whole world . Pen write : ' santoro '. focus on stenographer , listening . piscano' mother ( on tape recorder ) that 's the way people be . there be some that be good and some that be bad . int . gaming control board hearing room , las vega 1980 - day ace be in the court with oscar goodman , he lawyer , face the Control board 's Chairman and six commissioner member . the Chairman be the senator we see earlier in the casino suite take chip out of the bureau drawer . the room be jam - pack : GREEN , ginger , sherbert , as well as webb , reporter and other spectator . ace 's secretary carry in legal papers . there be pile of brief and law book on oscar 's and ace 's table . oscar Mr Chairman and member of the Commission . Mr rothstein be pleased to be here today . ace ( v.o. ) and when the day finally come , I be ready . I feel so confident that all I have to do be present my case . oscar ... evidence ... and we have document , one of which be a report by retire FBI agent , which completely absolve ( hold up a large file folder ) Mr rothstein from any wrongdo . I would like this mark , please , Mr Chairman . senator ( into microphone ) pardon I , counselor . before you continue ... oscar no , I want to have this mark , Mr. - senator ( into microphone ) ... this , uh , this Commission be prepare to act on a motion deny the rothstein application . oscar deny ? senator ( into microphone ) do I hear a motion seconded ? oscar Mr. Chairman - control board member # 1 ( into microphone ) Mr. Chairman , I second the motion . senator ( into microphone ) do I have a vote on the motion ? oscar Mr. Chairman - the commissioner quickly repeat : control board member # 2 ( into microphone ) aye . control board member # 3 ( into microphone ) aye . control board member # 4 ( into microphone ) aye . senator ( into microphone ) the aye have it . this hearing be adjourned . the chairman bang he gavel and prepare to leave . the commissioner hurriedly pack up they papers . a enraged ace rise and approach the senator . tv cameras roll . ace ( get up ) you guy have to be kid . the senator pick up he briefcase . ace adjourned ! what do you mean , adjourned ? oscar Mr. Chairman , please . ace Mr. Chairman ... the senator pick up he folder . ace Senator , you promise I a hearing . we see webb seat in the first row , watch . ace you will not allow I a hearing ? you do not even look at the FBI report . a reporter hold a microphone up to the senator . ace when you be my guest , Mr. Chairman , Senator , at the tangier Hotel , do you not promise I that I would have a fair hearing - the senator bend down to a microphone . senator ( interrupt , into microphone ) I be never - I be never you guest at the tangier . ace you be never my guest ?! senator ( into microphone ) that 's right . ace I never comp you ?! I do not comp you at least two or three time a month at the tangier ?! senator ( into microphone ) uh , I - I would ... I would like to answer - answer that at this time . ace liar . senator ( into microphone ) Mr rothstein be be very typical to this point . ace he 's lie . webb start to leave . senator the only time I be at the tangier be when I have dinner with barney greenstein . ace be I at that dinner ? just tell I - senator you be wander around . ace be I at that dinner ? senator you be wander around . ace be I at that dinner ? senator you be wander around . ace be I at that dinner ? senator you be in the m- you be in the building . ace I be in the building ! GREEN , embarrassed by ace 's behaviour , start to get up . ace you know damn well I be at that dinner , and you swore to I that I would have a fair hearing at that dinner ! do you not ?! do you not ?! ( pause , ace look at oscar . ) well , tell I I be at least at the dinner ! a-allow I that much . ( pause . ) give I that much at least ! senator ( hesitates ) yes , you be . the senator start to walk out . ace yeah , thanks for not callin ' I a liar . you son-of - a-bitch . you son - of - a female newscaster ( v.o. ) good evening , everyone , I be paige novodor . ( on television . ) what should have be a routine license hearing turn into bedlam yesterday when the flamboyant tangier casino executive , Sam ace spot commissioner carter slip out the door . female newscaster ( overlap ) ...' Ace ' rothstein , accuse the state 's top game official of corruption . ace ( overlap ) what be you run for , Bob ? what be you run for ? female newscaster ( v.o. ) ( overlap ) ... and hypocrisy . ace ( into two reporter ' microphone ) do not you remember ? you promise I a fair hearing when you be gettin ' comp at my hotel and you be ask I for copy of you bill so - sherbert and ginger look on . ace - you could put them on you expense account ? female newscaster ( v.o. ) in a ( on television ) Wild and unprecedented outburst that follow he game license ( voice - over , overlap ) denial , rothstein follow several ... ace ( with several reporter , overlap ) bullshit ! bullshit ! int . control board lobby - day put on he sunglass , ace emerge from the courtroom with sherbert , ginger , oscar and several reporter . he be surround by the press . female newscaster ( v.o. ) ... stunne commissioner into the hallway , where he continue he harangue until he own lawyer and friend urge he to leave . ace ( to commissioner stand in the hallway , speak into a tv news microphone ) we all have a past . you have a past , I have a past . and my past be no worse than yours . but you guy think you have the right to pass judgement on I . female newscaster ( v.o. ) ( overlap ) Long suspect of run the tangier without ... ace ( overlap ) ... twenty year in order to find nothin ' on I - oscar pull he away , ace look back at the commissioner . ace - unsubstantiated truth on I . and if you look at you own life you would all be in jail . oscar usher ace out , past webb and Gaming investigator austin . female newscaster ( v.o. ) ( overlap ) ...a game license , yesterday 's hearing be to determine whether someone with rothstein 's checker personal history be qualified to officially hold the top game post . int . / ext . gaggi be car , back home alley - day gaggi hand stone a issue of the Las Vegas Sun show a photograph of ace at the license hearing . headline read : ' rothstein out of game : Control board rule against rothstein license application ' . ace ( v.o. ) ( from previous scene continue ) fuckin ' hypocrite ! stone stand beside gaggi 's car door . gaggi be in the back seat with he window down . gaggi what the hell 's he gonna do now ? stone I do not know ( sigh . ) gaggi what 's he doin ' ? he know all that guy he yell at be friend of ours . what 's the matter with he , make all this mess ? stone maybe he could run thing with another job title . would not be the best , but , uh , what be we gonna do ? gaggi however he run thing , it 's gotta be quiet . let he hide upstairs in the office . say he 's the janitor , I do not give a shit . but , please , whatever job he take , make sure it 's something quiet . stone walk back to he car . both car pull out in opposite direction . int . tangier sportsbook / ace high ! the SAM rothstein show - night a video monitor show a title card , read : ' from the tangier Hotel ' . trudy , Ace 's showgirl sidekick , be hear over the open credit sequence of the show . trudy ( o.s. ) lady and gentleman , the tangier Hotel proudly present the all - new Sam rothstein show , ace High . title card : ' ace high ' the monitor show a neon sign read , ' welcome to fabulous Las Vegas , nevada ' , then show several gambler at a crap table . trudy ( o.s. ) tonight , tape live from the all - new sportsbook , we present the premiere show of ace High . with the ... the video monitor show a neon sign : ' stardust ' , then another : ' tangier ' . we see trudy on a stage . trudy ( into microphone ) ... sasha semenoff orchestra ... the camera pan to sasha semenoff conducting he band . trudy ... and the Sam rothstein dancer . the camera pan to a group of dancers on the other side of the stage . we see ace greeting various guest in the audience as he move towards the stage . trudy Mr rothstein be a professional gambler and the best football handicapper ... a video monitor show a montage feature showgirl , a chef carve beef and three woman wear bathing suit . trudy ... in american , a man who will take you inside the real Las Vegas as no one have ever do before . and now , lady and gentleman , the new ... ace join trudy on the stage . trudy ... entertainment director of the tangier Hotel casino : Mr Sam rothstein . ace approach he desk as trudy sit on a long sofa . the audience applaud . the band play and the dancer complete they number . ace ( seat at a desk a la johnny carson ) welcome to the Sam rothstein show . we be very happy to have you here this evening . the young lady to my leave be trudy , who be a lead new dancer in we fabulous show from Paris . audience applaud , she wave hello . ace we first guest this evening ... be frankie avalon . frankie avalon walk to the stage , embrace trudy and shaking ace 's hand . audience applaud . webb stand in the rear of the sportsbook / theater with austin and duprey , watch ace . webb keep a eye on he . he exit . frankie avalon ( o.s. ) ... well , I have get a large family . ace ( into microphone ) how many kid do you have ? frankie avalon ( into microphone ) uh , I be very proud to say that we have eight child . ace ( into microphone ) eight child ! ( he encourage the audience to applaud . ) frankie avalon ( into microphone ) no , no , no , no , please , please , please , please , no , please . ace ( into microphone , to audience ) that 's amazing . frankie avalon ( into microphone ) there be nothing to it . ( chuckle ) it be my pleasure . int . tangier , green' office - night GREEN and arthur capp be solemnly watch another episode of Ace 's tv show with a elderly juggler guest . GREEN Ace , do not do it . ace begin to juggle . GREEN oh , no , no . no , no . oh , Jesus ... he 's juggling ! the audience cheer he on . ace ( o.s. ) ( from next scene ) let 's not take County commissioner Pat webb too seriously . int . tangier sportsbook / ace high - night we move past two television cameras to ace behind he desk at another taping of he show . trudy be at he side . ace ( into microphone ) I recently challenge he to a debate on this program and he decline . what be you worried about , Pat ? you do not have to send I any question . you can ask I anything you want . stone ( o.s. ) ( from next scene ) what the hell be he doin ' on television , anyway ? int . all - american gas station , gaggi' back office , back home - day Vegas Sun newspaper front page photo of ace on television . headline read : ' rothstein sue Gaming Commission ' . stone be sit across from gaggi at he office . stone he 's on all night , screamin ' about how he 's gonna take he damn lawsuit all the way to the Supreme Court . he really must be crazy . he 's gonna go to Washington with this ? ( chuckle . ) he 's out of he fuckin ' mind . ace ( o.s. ) ( from next scene ) it 's a pity in this ... int . tangier sportsbook / ace high - night ace ( into microphone ) ... state that we have such hypocrisy . some people can do whatever they want . other people have to pay through the nose . int . all - american gas station , gaggi' back office , back home - day ace ( o.s. ) ( from previous scene ) but such be life . gaggi Andy , go see he . tell he maybe it 's time he should quit . ext . mighty mart convenience store , rear parking lot , las vega - night sherbert and ace pull up beside another park car . ace get out of he car in a robe and pajamas and get into stone 's car . int . stone's car - night ace first of all , what they do be totally unconstitutional . we be already on the list to be hear before the Supreme Court of the United States later this year . stone this guy back home do not give a fuck about the Supreme Court and any of this bullshit ! they want thing to quiet down . they want you to walk away from - ace walk away ? Andy , you can not be serious . how can I walk away ? do not you see what 's goin ' on here ? do not you see what 's at stake ? stone the old man say , ' maybe you friend should give in . ' and when the old man say ' maybe ' , that 's like a papal bull . not only should you quit , you should run ! ace know what my problem be ? every time they mention my name in the papers , this cocksucker , they mention nicky , too . how the fuck do that help ? I mean , the heat he bring down be murder ! we have a police department who be cooperative . he 's piss they off so much now that nobody can make a move anymore . I mean , what do you do about that ? stone what do you propose ? ace I do not know , he do not listen to I . maybe he should ... get lose for a while . take a vacation . would that be so bad ? stone they be not sendin ' nicky nowhere . ace all right , look , if he take a break , it would just give everybody some time to maneuver . that 's all I be say . it 's all that I be say . stone I would forget about the maneuver . I would just get out . ace ( sigh ) I can not do that . ace ( v.o. ) of course ... int . nicky's house , kitchen - day jennifer be on the phone with ginger ; nicky listen in . jennifer ( into telephone ) you know , I do not feel like playin ' tennis . ace ( v.o. ) ... as soon as Andy get back home , nicky hear about we talk in the car . jennifer ( into telephone ) let 's go to lunch . do you want to go to the riviera ? ace ( v.o. ) next morning bright and early , I get the call . ginger ( over telephone ) one o'clock ? int . ace' house , live - room - day ace listen in on ginger 's and jennifer 's conversation . jennifer ( over telephone ) great . ginger ( into telephone ) you know , I have get to do some shopping afterwards . do you want to go ? int . nicky's house , kitchen - day jennifer ( into telephone ) well , you know ... ace ( v.o. ) but just get a call from nicky be not easy anymore . even the code do not work . so , we figure out another act . int . FBI phone tap room - day a bored FBI man , seat at he desk with a tape recorder and headphone , look at he wrist watch . ace ( v.o. ) you see , if a phone 's tapped , the fed can only listen in ... int . ace' house , live room - day ace ( v.o. ) ...on the stuff involve crime . so on ... int . nicky's house , kitchen - day ace ( v.o. ) ... routine call , they have to click off after a few minute . int . FBI phone tap room - day ginger ( over telephone ) yeah , and I get a sprain fuckin ' elbow . the FBI man click off the tape recorder . int . nicky's house , kitchen - day jennifer quickly hand the phone to she husband . int . ace' house , live - room - day ginger hand the phone to ace . ace ( into telephone ) yeah . int . nicky's house , kitchen - day nicky ( into telephone ) meet I at three . int . ace' house , live room - day ace ( into telephone ) what - what , caesar 's ? nicky ( over telephone ) no , a ... int . nicky's house , kitchen - day nicky ( into telephone ) ... hundred yard further down the road . int . ace' house , live - room - day ace ( into telephone ) why ? int . nicky's house , kitchen - day nicky ( into telephone ) do not ask question . just be there . nicky give the phone back to jennifer . int . ace' house , live - room - day ace give the phone to ginger . int . nicky's house , kitchen nicky ( to himself ) always ask question . he exit . jennifer ( into telephone ) suzy creamcheese have the exact ... int . FBI phone tap room - day the bored FBI agent click on again and hear ginger and jennifer 's inane conversation . jennifer ( over telephone ) ... same outfit . ginger ( chuckle , over telephone ) but I see something ... int . ace' house , live - room - day ginger ( into telephone ) ... something very ... cute . ace sit down on the couch behind she and light a cigarette . int . FBI stakeout post , motel across the from the gold rush - day through a window of a motel room across the street from the gold rush , a FBI agent watch nicky and marino exit the jewelry store , get into a park car and rive away . Iris out . FBI agent ( o.s. ) ( into a radio ) okay , he , uh , he 's out . it 's the ant , uh , Brown unit . and he 's with , uh , bogie . I think it 's frankie . ace ( v.o. ) nicky start out before I because it be not that easy ... swish pan to the FBI agent looking out the window talking into a radio . ace ( v.o. ) ... for he to get around anymore . FBI agent ( into radio ) okay , pull out ... swish pan to nicky and marino drive down the STREET . FBI agent ( o.s. ) ( into radio ) ... pretty fast . he 's head upstream . ace ( v.o. ) nicky could not even go for a ride without change ... swish pan to FBI car trailing behind . ace ( v.o. ) ... car at least six time before he could shake all he tail . int . underground parking garage # 1 - day nicky 's car with marino drive pull in ; nicky jump out and get in another car . ace ( v.o. ) and because of all the plane , he have to use underground garage . marino drive off . int . underground parking garage # 2 - day nicky 's second car screech in to another garage . int . underground parking garage # 3 - day nicky hurry across the lot to another car . int . underground parking garage # 4 - day nicky change car again . int . underground parking garage # 5 - day nicky be run to yet another car . he drive off . ext . desert scene - day a solitary ace wait in the vast desert , look around . ace look at a sage brush and sand and a few rock on the desert floor . this could be a hole mean for he . he step away from it . ace ( v.o. ) meeting in the middle of the desert always make I nervous . it 's a scary place . I know about the hole in the desert , of course , and everywhere I look , there could have be a hole . ext . desert road - day aerial shot of nicky drive . ace ( v.o. ) normally , my prospect of comin ' back alive from a meeting with nicky be ninety - nine out of a hundred . but this time , when I hear he say , 'a couple a hundred yard down the road ' , I give myself fifty - fifty . ext . desert - day ace still stand in the desert . nicky 's car suddenly appear as a reflection in ace 's sunglass , shaking ace out of he desert- induce reverie . nicky 's car pull up by ace . he get out and storm up to he . nicky where the fuck you get off talkin ' to people about I behind my back ? goin ' over my head ? ace what people ? nicky what people ! what would you think , I be not gonna find out ? ace I do not even know what you be talkin ' about , Nick . nicky no ? you say I be bringin ' heat on you ?! I gotta listen to people because of you fuckin ' shit ?! you be order I out ?! you better get you own fuckin ' army , pal ! ace I do not do anything . I mean , I do not order you or anybody ... I only tell Andy Stone that you have a lot of heat on you , and that be a problem . nicky you want I to get out of my own fuckin ' town ?! ace yeah , I say I - let the bullshit blow over for a while so I can run the casino . anything go wrong with the casino , it 's my ass . it 's not yours , it 's my ass . nicky oh , I do not know whether you know this or not , but you only have you fuckin ' casino because I make that possible ! ace I - nicky ( interrupt ) I be what count out here ! not you fuckin ' country club or you fuckin' tv show ! and what the fuck be you doin ' on tv anyhow ?! ace what be you - nicky ( interrupt ) you know I get call from back home every fuckin ' day ?! they think you go batshit ! ace I be only on tv because I gotta be able to hang around the casino . you understand that . you know that . come on . nicky you fuckin ' ass ! you could have have the food and beverage job without goin ' on television ! you want to go on tv . ace yeah , I do want to go on tv . that way I have a forum . I can fight back . I be know . people see I . they know they can not fuck around with I like they could if I be a unknown . that 's right . nicky you be makin ' a big fuckin ' spectacle of yourself . ace I ?! I would not even be in this situation if it be not for you . you bring down so much fuckin ' heat on I . I mean , every time I meet somebody here , the big question be do I know you . nicky oh , sure . now you want to blame you fuckin ' license on I , be that it ? ace no , it - it - nicky , when you ask I if you could come out here , what do I tell you ? I mean , you ask I , and I know you be go to come out no matter what I say , but what do I tell you ? do you remember what I tell ... nicky ( interrupt ) back - ace ... you ? do you remember what I tell you ? nicky back - back up , back up a fuckin ' minute here . one minute . I ask you ?! when the fuck do I ever ask you if I could come out here ?! get this through you head , you - ace ( interrupt ) you never - ? nicky get this through you head , you Jew motherfucker , you . you only exist out here because of I ! that 's the only reason ! without I , you , personally , every fuckin ' wiseguy skell [ skell : the lowest form of wiseguy - a drunken bum ] around will take a piece of you fuckin ' Jew ass ! then where you gonna go ?! you be fuckin ' warn ! do not ever go over my fuckin ' head again ! you motherfucker , you ! nicky drive off , leave a angry and frustrated ace to ponder the desert and the hole . int . jubilation nightclub - night overhead of ace , oscar , sherbert , trudy and showgirl walk down the zebra pattern carpet of the nightclub . they be escort to they table . nicky , marino and dominick be seat at another table in the rear of the club so no one can hear they conversation . marino well , we get company . ace avoid look at nicky . nicky do you see that ? Dumb Jew motherfucker . grew up together and he 's actin ' like he do not even know I . I know we be suppose to avoid each other , but , you know , there 's way to do thing and there 's way not to . dominick yeah . fuck he . sherbert and the other make a toast . sherbert to abraham lincoln . ace l'chaim . [ yiddish for ' to life ' ] sherbert here we go . good luck . nicky watch ace 's entourage . dominick forget about it , Nick . do not let it bother you . nicky why , do it look like it 's bother I ? what do I give a fuck ? fuckin ' oscar too . all the fuckin ' money I have give that prick , he do not even look over here . what 's he problem ? marino mm. nicky fuckin ' Jews stick together , do not they ? marino they be havin ' a good time too . nicky so be we . nicky , marino and dominick be isolate and alone at they table . int . ace' bedroom - night ace sleep . a hot line to the casino ring as a red light blink . ace ( into telephone ) yeah ? int . tangier casino sportsbook - night sherbert be call ace . sherbert ( quietly into telephone ) Sam , we get a problem . int . ace' bedroom - night ace ( into telephone ) what be it ? sherbert ( over telephone ) the little guy . he 's half in the bag , and nobody tell he he be eighty - six from the joint , so we ... int . tangier casino sportsbook - night sherbert ( into telephone ) ... all turn we head and make out like we do not know who he be . he 's over at the twenty - one table with he ... int . tangier blackjack table - night nicky be betting every spot on the blackjack table . marino be stand behind he . the dealer be nervous . sherbert ... nose wide open . he take the money out of he own kick . his nose be open for about ten thousand . sherbert and the pit boss look on . sherbert ( o.s. ) now , he 's really piss . int . ace' bedroom - night ace ( into telephone ) oh , no . sit up and throw off the bed cover . int . tangier sportsbook - night sherbert ( into telephone ) he want a fifty - thousand marker . int . ace' bedroom - night ace ( into telephone ) no , just - just give he , give he ten . that 's it . ten . I will be right down . int . tangier blackjack table - night sherbert ( to nicky ) he 's gonna come up with ten thousand , just the way you want . nicky ten thou ? no , no , no . sherbert ... give you ten thousand - nicky ( grabbing sherbert 's lapel ) fifty ! I say fifty ! sherbert look , take - nicky ( push he away and walk back to the blackjack table ) fuckin ' fifty thousand ! go get it . I do not give a fuck where you get it . ( to female dealer . ) fucker ! they take it , but they do not want to give it back . nicky turn up another bad card and look at the dealer . she smile as she slide the house winning over to she side of the table . nicky how the fuck can you grin ? how the fuck could you grin ? the female dealer look to she pit boss for help . he step up to a male dealer at a neighbor table . nicky you know how much I be stick ? you give a fuck ? the male dealer walk up to the female dealer and tap she on the shoulder . nicky do ya ?! she lay down some card , clap she hand to show the eye-in - the - Sky that they be empty , and exit . nicky ( to depart female dealer ) yeah . give yourself a hand right across you fuckin ' mouth . the male dealer take she place behind the table . nicky look at this fuckin ' beaut they put in now . sherbert send you in here to rob I now ? be fuckin ' knockin ' everybody 's dick in all night ? huh ? you be beatin ' all the customer tonight , motherfucker ? we see the pit boss lock up the chip tray from the table the dealer have just leave . nicky have a diminish stack of chip and a upturn ten and a two . nicky huh , jag-off ? hit I . the card be a king or a ' paint ' , a picture card , meaning that nicky have lose . everyone freeze in fear . nicky take the paint and flick it at the dealer 's chest where it stick to he shirt . ) nicky take this stiff and pound it up you fuckin ' ass ! hit I again . the dealer look to the pit boss who nod ' okay ' . he turn over a card . it 's another paint , a queen . nicky flick the card to the dealer 's face . nicky take this one and stick it up you sister 's ass ! hit I again . the dealer look to the pit boss again . nicky that 's it , keep lookin ' at he , you fuckin ' dummy . if you have any fuckin ' heart at all , you would be out fuckin ' stealin ' for a livin ' . ( toss the card at the dealer . ) hit I again . the dealer look at the pit boss . nicky what the fuck you keep lookin ' at he for , huh , you fuckin ' pu - the dealer deal he another paint . nicky look at this , twenty fuckin ' paint in a row . hit I again ! ace enter the casino with sherbert . marino ( to nicky ) he 's here . nicky ( to the dealer ) you should pay as fast as you collect , you know . nicky get up to go over to ace , glower at sherbert as he walk past . ace and nicky be partially hide behind a pillar by the slot-machine . ace what be you doin ' ? you gotta get out of here ! nicky hey , sammy , tell this Jew motherfucker over here to pay that marker . ace nicky , nicky , you be not listenin ' to I . I be here to help you . what 's the matter with you ? you be gonna bury we both . nicky just give I the money . fuckin ' give I the fuckin ' money , sammy . ace I be gonna okay you ten and get you even , and that 's it . then you get to get out of here before the cop and the newspaper be all over you . to the pit boss , hold up ten finger . ace ten and that 's it . he make a throat cut gesture with he hand . ace leave . nicky turn to walk back to the table . he see sherbert stand right behind he . nicky what be you starin ' at , you bald - head Jew prick ?! before sherbert can answer , nicky grab the receiver off a wall phone and hit he across the face and back . sherbert fall to the floor . nicky pull the cradle off the pillar and toss it down on he back . he and marino walk back to the table , sherbert wince on the floor in shock . nicky Sue I , you Jew fuck ! marino let 's get out of here . nicky what ? get out of here ? I get a marker comin' . he put some chip down on the table . nicky ( to dealer ) deal . int . oscar , the lawyer' office - day ace and ginger be seat across from oscar , they lawyer . oscar I know , but everything 's change now . you be talk about a divorce . you be even ask for alimony payment and ... child support ... and now custody . ginger I just want what any divorced woman would get . ace I mean she 's only sober about two hour a day . it 's usually from eleven in the morning until one in the afternoon . and if I give she she money and she jewel now , you know what she 's gonna do ? she 's gonna piss it all away in about a year , and then where will she be ? ( to ginger . ) where would you be then ? comin ' right back to I , right back to I . ( to oscar . ) or find some other excuse to come and I - I - ginger ( to ace ) we have a deal . remember that ? ( to oscar . ) he say if it do not work out between we , that I could get my thing and I could leave . ace ( to ginger , lean closer to she ) look in my eye . look in my eye . ginger turn to he . ace you know I . do you see anything in this eye that make you think I would ever let someone in you condition take my child away from I ? ( pause . ) do you ? you know that will not happen . ace ( v.o. ) and after all this time ... and as hard as I try , as much as I want ... int . ace high backstage corridor / showgirl ' dressing - room - day ace , with kleenex stick out of he collar to protect he shirt from he television make - up , walk back to the dress room with trudy . she peck he cheek before exite to she own room . a security guard open the door for ace . we follow he past numerous showgirl and costume . ace ( v.o. ) ... I could never reach she . I could never make she love I . I always feel she should have go for all that money ... be somebody for the first time in she life , a home and a kid . but that 's not what happen . it just do not work out that way . ace ( to the showgirl ) everything all right ? ace I mean , what could we do ? after a while , we would just take breather from each other . you know , little separation . at that time , I remember Ginger take Amy and go to beverly Hills . she be gonna spend a week or so shopping . ace pick up the phone at a make - up table . operator ( over telephone ) yes , Mr rothstein . ace ( into telephone ) Operator , the beverly Hotel in beverly Hills , please . ext . los angele . beverly HOTEL - day ginger , sport a new short hairstyle , and amy exit and walk towards camera . HOTEL operator ( o.s. ) hello , beverly Hotel . ace ( o.s. ) Mrs. Sam rothstein , please . HOTEL operator ( o.s. ) I be sorry . Mr. and Mrs. rothstein have check out already . track back , as ginger smile , to reveal lester diamond . lester hey . ginger kiss lester . int . showgirl ' dressing - room - day ace ( into telephone ) m- uh , Mr. and Mrs. rothstein ? ext . beverly HOTEL - day lester ( to amy ) hey , little Dale Evans . ginger laugh HOTEL operator ( o.s. ) yes , they both check out . int . showgirl ' dressing - room - day ace ( into telephone ) thank you . ( he hang up . ) int . warehouse - night ace step up to a public phone as it ring . ace ( into telephone ) hello . forlano ( over telephone ) yeah . ace ( into telephone , sigh ) uh , my wife be w-with a old friend of she i- in LA . int . all - american gas station , gaggi' back office , back home - day forlano be on the phone , take note with a pencil . gaggi be sit in the background . ace ( over telephone ) some low -life . a guy name lester diamond . int . warehouse - day ace ( into telephone ) my daughter 's with them too and I think they be gonna try and kidnap she . be there anybody you can send ? int . all - american gas station , gaggi' back office , back home - day forlano ( into telephone ) we will take care of it . forlano hang up and walk over to gaggi . we hear the doorbell from the follow scene . int . ace' house - day ace open the door to two tangier executive . count room exec ( to ace ) we get a number and a address . int . ace' house , upstair den - day ace be stand behind he desk on the phone . ace ( into telephone ) hello . lester ( over telephone ) hello . ace ( into telephone ) yeah , be this lester ? this be Sam ... int . lester diamond los angele apartment - day ace ... rothstein . I want to talk to Ginger . put she on the phone . lester ( into telephone ) she 's not here , Sam . ace ( over telephone ) lester ... int . ace' house , upstair den - day ace ( into telephone ) ... listen to I very carefully . I want to talk to Ginger . I want my kid back . I want she put on a plane immediately . int . lester diamond los angele apartment - day ace ( over telephone ) I know she 's there . do not fuck around with I . lester ( into telephone ) uh , I be not . Sam , I would not ... he snap he finger to get ginger 's attention . lester ... would not do it . yeah , no , I , I ... we see ginger on lester 's live - room couch , cut line of cocaine with a razor blade in front of may . ginger ( whisper to amy ) you should not do this . lester step up to the live - room snap he finger to ginger . she look up . ace ( over telephone ) you understand ? put she on the fuckin ' phone . lester ( into telephone ) Sam , I - I do not know where she be , okay ? int . ace' house , upstair den - day lester ( over telephone ) so , l-l - l-listen , I te- I te- I tell you - can I call you back in a few minute ? int . lester diamond los angele apartment - day ace ( over telephone ) 702 472 1862 . lester mm-hm . ( pretend to write it down . ) 1862 . okay , good . I will call you right b- ace ( over telephone ) right away . lester ( into telephone ) I will call you right back . int . ace' house , upstair den - day ace ( over telephone ) right back . int . lester diamond los angele apartment - day lester ( into telephone ) you get it . ( he hang up ; then to himself as he walk through a doorway to the live - room ) schmuck . ( to ginger . ) all right . I just buy we a few minute . want to get back at this prick ? he stick he finger in the coke and rub it on he gum . lester hm ? okay , you get , what , two million dollar in that box ? ginger snort some cocaine . lester hey ... you get a minute ? hey . he 's get two million in the box , be I right ? okay , you let he keep you jewel . we take the cash and the only other thing he care about . ( he point to amy . ) huh ? her majesty . we go to Europe . you dye you hair , get some pl - amy ( interrupt ) I do not want to go to Europe . I want to go to see the elephant man . lester we be not gonna go see any fuckin ' elephant , okay ? ginger ( to amy ) we will go later . lester ( to amy ) we be go to Europe . let the adult talk . ( to ginger . ) you dye you hair ... you get plastic surgery , like we talk about . right ? you be the mother . how much do you think he 's gonna pay to get this fuckin ' kid back ? amy I do not want to go to Europe . lester ( to amy ) shut you mouth ! ginger put she hand over amy 's mouth . lester you know where she get this from ! amy you shut up . lester no , you - you want I to come over there ? I will smack you face . amy stick she tongue out at lester . lester do not give I any of you shit ! ( to ginger . ) okay , this have always be a dream , but we be go . ginger lester - he call you here . lester right . ginger here . lester he be just on the phone . ginger ( sniff ) he call you right here . lester I just talk to he . ginger ( sigh ) so , he know where you be . that mean he 's send some guy over here probably right now . lester Ginger ... it mean he 's sit by the phone like a dumb-bell , wait for I to call he back . now , I - ginger ( interrupt and get up ) that 's - yeah , he 's sit by the phone like a dumb -bell , just wait for you to call he back . that 's what he 's - lester ( interrupt ) he 's sittin ' by the phone - ginger ( yelling ) what do you think we be gonna do ? he 's probably get guy outside the fuckin ' house ! ginger ( gather amy , hysterical ) get you bag ! come on , get you bag ! get you thing ! let 's go ! lester it 's this bullshit . it 's just bullshit right here . this be the fuckin ' problem , you know . ginger ( hysterical ) oh , what bullshit ? what , do you want to fuckin ' talk it over now ? lester you be do yakkin ' , okay ? you be do yakkin ' now ? ginger ( grabbing she purse and rush amy out ) go! go ! get in the car ! go ! lester ( mimick ginger ) ' go ! go! go !' ext . gold rush - day nicky be lean against a public phone . marino watch . nicky ( into telephone ) you just relax . nobody 's killin ' anybody , do you hear ? ginger ( over telephone ) no , I really do . I think he 's gonna kill I . nicky ( into telephone ) you just relax , and call I back here in exactly a hour , on this phone , and I will see what I can do . ginger ( over telephone ) yeah , uh-huh ... okay . ext . los angele STREET , pay phone - day amy be swinging she purse at lester in the background . ginger ( into telephone ) so , I be gonna call you back in a hour ... at this number , and you be gonna be there , right ? nicky ( over telephone ) I will be there . ext . gold rush - day nicky ( into telephone ) and listen , do not do anything else crazy , okay ? you all right ? okay . ext . los angele STREET . pay phone - day ginger ( into telephone ) bye . she hang up and walk over to lester and amy who be fight . ginger just knock it off ! would you two knock it off ? get in the car . lester she start it . she start the whole thing . I be just standin ' here . ginger open the driver 's side door . lester you be not gonna drive . do not even think you be gonna drive . ginger no , I be gonna drive . lester ( stop ginger ) no , I be not gonna drive with some crazy - ginger ( yelling ) you be drive I nut ! she walk around to the passenger door . lester get in the passenger 's side ! and I be sendin ' this kid to Bolivia in a fuckin ' box . ext . ace' patio - day through glass door we see ace seat in he live - room . nicky slip into frame and tap on the window , gesture that he want to talk . ace signal for he to go around to the garage . int . ace' garage - day nicky walk past ginger 's white mercede towards ace . nicky Ginger - he 's cut off by ace who point to the passenger 's side of he cadillac . nicky walk around and get in . ace start the engine to make it harder for anyone to listen in on they conversation . ace turn the volume down . he look straight ahead , away from nicky . nicky ( after a awkward moment ) Ginger call I . ace ( polite , careful , smoking a cigarette ) yeah . nicky I just tell you . she call I . ace and what would she want ? nicky she be afraid to call you . ace yeah , she 's with that cocksucker again ... and they get Amy . ginger well , that 's why I be here . she want to come back , but she 's afraid you be gonna whack she out . ace yeah , they be gonna kidnap my kid . what do you want ? nicky I know . why do not you come to I ? I mean , this be family , it be not business . meanwhile , you make call back home . sammy , it make we look bad out here , you know what I mean ? back and forth , this one and that one , and , in the meantime , she 's go anyway . be I right ? ace ( sigh ) I do not know . what be I gonna do with this woman ? I do not know ... ( pause . ) she 's drivin ' I fuckin ' crazy . nicky I think if you , uh , okay it , you know , assure she that she 's gonna be all right , she will come back . ace she 's drive I fuckin ' crazy . nicky well , once you get she here , you think about it , you know ? but get the kid back here . she want to come back . that 's the , uh , that 's the main thing here . you want you kid , do not you ? huh ? ext . los angele highway . phone booth - day ginger be on the phone . in the background , amy be act up in the back seat of the car and drive lester crazy . ace ( over telephone ) hello . ginger ( sigh , into telephone ) hi , it 's I . ( chuckle . ) just who you want to talk to , right ? ace ( over telephone ) listen ... int . ace' house , upstair den - day ace be seat at he desk . ace ( into telephone ) ...uh- uh -uh - I be not gonna ask you where you be , just please , put Amy on a plane . just put she on right away , any plane to get she here right away ... ext . los angele highway . phone booth - day ace ( over telephone ) ... please . that 's all I be askin ' you . ginger ( into telephone ) do you ... I mean ... I do not think she should go by herself . int . ace' house , upstair den - day ace ( sigh , into telephone ) what do you mean ? ext . los angele highway . phone booth - day ginger ( into telephone , hold back tear ) what I mean be , you think if , uh , do you think if I come back ... do you think you could forgive I ? int . ace' house , upstair den - day ace ( into telephone ) uh , ( sigh ) I do not know . I gotta tell you , I do not know . ginger ( over telephone ) right . ext . los angele highway . phone booth - day ginger ( into telephone ) I under-understand that . i- I know I fuck up . int . ace' house , upstair den - day ace ( into telephone ) what about the money ? uh , where 's the box ? ginger ( over telephone ) I gotta tell ya ... ext . los angele highway . phone booth - day ginger ( into telephone ) ... i- I ... make some mistake and I spend some money . ace ( over telephone ) what 's it ... int . ace' house , upstair den - day ace ( into telephone ) ...under ? ginger ( over telephone ) pretty serious . ext . los angele highway . phone booth - day ace ( over telephone ) how serious ? ginger it 's , uh , it 's under twenty - five . ace ( over telephone ) it 's under ... int . ace' house , upstair den - day ace ( into telephone ) ... twenty - five thousand ? ginger ( over telephone ) yeah . ace ( into telephone ) and ... ext . los angele highway . phone booth - day ace ( over telephone ) ... the rest of the two million be still there ? ginger ( into telephone ) yeah , yeah , I get the rest . int . ace' house , upstair den - day ace ( into telephone ) okay , no big deal . that 's okay . yeah . he get he twenty - five . ( sigh . ) that I will live with . any more I could not . ext . los angele highway . phone booth - day ginger ( into telephone ) okay ? ace ( over telephone ) all right ... int . ace' house , upstair den - day ace ( into telephone ) ... all right . where be you ? I will send a plane for you right away . ext . las vega private airport - night ace see ginger and amy come off the tangier private jet . ginger wobble a little as she come down the ramp . ginger ( waving brightly ) hi , Sam . ace pick amy up and hug she , ignore ginger . they walk to the car and drive off . int . ace' car - night amy look on from the back seat . ace so , what would ya do with it ? ginger with what ? ace with the money . ginger he need some clothes . ace ( sigh ) twenty - five thousand for clothes . ginger he want a watch , too . ace twenty - five thousand for clothes and a watch . ginger mm-hm . ace mm-hm . maitre d' ( o.s. ) ( from follow scene ) Mr. R ... int . vega restaurant - night ace and ginger , dress for dinner just like any other couple , walk towards a table overlook the colorful light of downtown Vegas . maitre d' ... good evening . signora . ginger gino . maitre d' this way . ace ( v.o. ) ( as they be lead to they table ) the good part be , I have Amy back . so , we go home , have the housekeeper stay over , put the kid to bed , I calm myself down and we go to dinner . I try to keep thing nice and civil , you know . but ... hey , twenty - five thousand for three suit ? that do not make much sense . ace ( seat across from ginger at a booth ) first of all , he 's not gonna wear f- thousand - dollar suit . but let 's say he do , which he will not . how you gonna get fitte for twenty - five suit in three day ? I , um , I mean , how could you get fitte that fast ? I can not get fitte that fast , and I pay twice as much . ginger I buy he a watch too . ace yeah . ginger yeah . ace but even if you buy he a watch , a really nice watch , one that he think be nice - and he do not know what the fuck a good watch be - so , you go , five , ten , twelve grand ? ginger yeah . ace at the most , which be impossible for he . she glance to the table behind they . ace plus , at the most , three suit , a thousand apiece . that still leave what ? around ten thousand ? ginger ( stare down at she plate , try to restrain herself ) would you knock it off , Sam ? ace I be just tryin ' to figure it out . ginger there 's nothin ' to figure out . I be home ... we be workin ' it out . she light a cigarette . ace yeah , but I have be tell that before , ' we be workin ' it out . ' you think that you be home ... after what you just put I through with Amy , be a favor to I ? she look at ace . ace ( pause ) so , count the watch , let 's say another four thousand for expense over the weekend ... of which you must have have a good time . I know he do . that 's for sure . I know that ... fuckin ' piece of shit have a good fuckin ' time . on my money . you might as well have fuck he , which you probably do anyway . ginger glare at he . ace you be lookin ' at I a certain way . you - you be teary - eye , huh ? you be upset . you be a good actress , you know that ? good fuckin ' actress . you can fuckin ' get that pity out of people . I be not a john , you understand ? you always think I be , but I be not . and I be not a sucker . that fuckin ' pimp cocksucker . he 's lucky I do not kill he last time . lucky he 's fuckin ' livin ' . and if you would have stay with Amy ... and you would have run away ... you would have be fuckin ' dead . ginger scoot out of the booth and leave . ace both of you . Dead . Dead . int . ace' bedroom - night Wide overhead of ace alone in bed . off-screen , we hear ginger , a little drunk , on the phone . ginger ( o.s. ) ( whisper into telephone ) I can not do it anymore . I can not fuckin ' live like this . it 's not right . ace 's point of view as he move towards the sound of ginger 's voice . he enter frame and stop to listen . ginger ( o.s. ) what be you ? yes , of course - he do not come home at night . what be the big fuckin ' deal ? I go - yes , and I just - I can not fuckin ' take it . why should I fuck take it ? that be not the deal . he act like ... like I be the only one around here with a fuckin ' past . he will never let I live it down . well ... well , I mean , I try . what the fuck do you think I come back here for ? no , I be not ! ace slip into the foyer where he can see ginger 's reflection in a glass door as she talk on the phone in the live - room . ginger ( whisper into telephone ) I want to have he kill . yes , I want he kill . I have fuckin ' have it . int . ace' house , live - room - night ginger be on the phone . ginger ( into telephone ) so , be you with I on this ? ace step up behind she . she gasp , still hold the phone . petrify . ace you want to get rid of I ? here I be . go ahead , get rid of I ( ace grab the phone . ) hello . he hear nothing and throw the phone down near she . ginger rise and attack ace . ginger ( grunting ) yes ! I fuckin ' hate you ! I can not take it anymore ! ace grapples with ginger . ginger yes , I want to kill you ! I hate you fuckin ' gut ! ace you hate my gut ? I want you to come with I now . he drag she by she arm across the live - room hallway , into the bedroom . ginger get off of I ! stop it ! ace come with I now ! come with I now . come with I now . I want you out of here . ginger scream . int . ace' house , bedroom - night ace I want you out of here ! I want you out of here ! ginger ( start to get up ) let go of I ! let go of I ! int . ace' house , bedroom closet - night he push she against the closet wall , and throw a overnight bag at she . ace take you ( kick the bag ) fuckin ' bag and get out of here ! ginger I will go , but I want my money right now ! ace toss clothes at she . ace you will get you money ! do not worry . ginger squat down and start to gather she stuff . ginger the arrangement be over ! ace ( toss clothes ) no kid . no kidding ! ginger and I still get my money . I need some cash right now . you can not just put I in the street . ace I will get you cash . you have not be straight with I ever since I meet you ! you never love I in the first place ! I need eye in the back of my fuckin ' head with you , you fuckin ' bitch ! ace walk past she to he side of the large walk - in closet . rack and rack of she clothes be still hang . ginger Love you ?! she toss a pair of red shoe at he . ginger how could I love you ?! how can I love you ?! you treat I like I be you fuck dog ! ace lean down and open a shoe box fill with money . he grab as much cash as he can hold . ace you be lower than a dog ! ginger fuck you ! he walk up to she . ace ( shove the bundle of cash in she face ) here . here . be this enough money ?! huh ? will it last you two fuckin ' day ? take it , greedy bitch . ( stuff the money in she bag . ) take the fuckin ' money you fuckin ' want . ginger I be go to the bank and I be get my jewelry too ! she put on a white fur coat . ace yeah , no kid . good ! it open at 9 a.m . be there ! ginger and do not send you guy down there to stop I ! I mean it . she bend down to pick up she bag , but ace insist on carry it . ace I guarantee you , I will not stop you . int . ace' house , bedroom / foyer - night ginger and ace walk through they bedroom to the front door . he 's carry she suitcase . ginger stop ! you be not get rid of I with one fuckin ' suitcase ! ace you will come back tomorrow and get the rest . just get out of here . ginger Fine . ( sniff , walk back . ) I be takin ' Amy . ace ( stop she ) you be not takin ' Amy . ginger I be . I be wakin ' she up right now . ace you be stone . you be a junkie . get out of here . he open the door and toss she suitcase out . ginger I be not ! she 's my daughter too ! goddamn you ! ace get out of here ! he shove she out the door . ace send my lawyer a letter . ( slam the door behind she . ) god-fuckin' - damn you ! he lock the door , and peer through the peep-hole . ginger ( o.s. ) ( through the door as ace walk away ) you be not get away with this ! you be not gonna fuck I out of my end ! ext . ace' house , front yard - night ginger be furious . she pick up the suitcase and walk up to she sportscar . ginger fucker ! ( sob . ) she drive off . int . ace' bedroom - night , later ace be lie awake in bed smoking a cigarette , watch the casino 's Eye in the Sky surveillance monitor . he hear a car turn into he driveway . he see the car 's headlight beam ace ( v.o. ) the funny thing be , that after all that ... I do not want she to go . she be the mother of my kid . I love she . and later ... I realize I do not want to give she the money , because if I do ... I know I would never see she again . ace reach over to take ginger 's hand - she slowly take hold of he . int . ace' house , kitchen - day ginger be get amy ready for school . ace enter as amy be on she way out . he hold she face in he hand and kiss she . ace ( affectionately ) oh. have a good day at school . amy okay . Amy exit . ace okay ? okay , angel . ace walk over to ginger who turn sullenly to look at he . ace ( clear throat . ) from now on , I have to know where you and Amy be at all time . he take a beeper out of he coat pocket and hold it up to ginger . ace ( gently ) now , here 's a beeper . I want you to keep it on you . it 's very light . so I can call you whenever I have to . ginger reluctantly take the beeper . ace ( pause . ) okay ? she nod silently . he look at she and turn , leave she alone in the kitchen . ext . construction trailer - evening a very large trailer be in the middle of a empty construction site . ginger 's and nicky 's car be park outside . nicky ( o.s. ) ( from trailer ) well , what be you suppose to do ? I mean , what do you want to do ? do you want to stay the way you be ? you want to stay like this ? you can not do that . int . construction trailer - evening ginger and nicky be alone in the large trailer . they be sit close together on a couch . nicky I mean , listen , two people do not get along , at some point you gotta call it ... I mean , it 's none of my business , but I ... I think that 's what you gotta do . you gotta take it somewhere - ginger ( smoke a cigarette ) oh , you be right , I know . it 's ... well , I be just - nicky what ? what ? ginger nothin ' . nicky what be you gonna say ? go ahead . ginger I do not - ( sigh . ) nicky tell I what you be gonna say . go ahead . ginger yeah ? nicky yeah . ginger well , I be thinkin ' , maybe ... you know somebody at the bank ... could help I get my jewelry out ? there 's a lot of money in there . lot of money in there , and I would be willing to take care of anybody who help I out . nicky ( pause ) let I think about that . ginger okay . nicky see who I get in there . gotta get somebody I can trust . ginger mm-hm . nicky you know ? ginger yeah . ' Cause , you know , ( lean she head back ) he 's never gonna give I my jewelry . nicky hm . ginger he hold that key so tight , he 's probably get it stick up he ass . nicky ( chuckle ) yeah , right . that 's sammy . and he 's probably get it there too . take a sip of he drink . ginger he 's so fuckin ' lucky . I could have bury he . I could have go to Europe and take the baby . and then he would have track I down and he would have kill I . nicky no , he would not . I would have . ( ginger chuckle . ) and he would have be right , too . I mean , seriously . ( she cuddle closer to he . ) well , there 's one thing you do not do . you do not take a guy 's kid and then take off . ginger ( quietly ) I do not . ( chuckle . ) I do not . I mean , I do , but then I do exactly what you tell I to do , and I come right back . nicky you do . you be right . ginger exactly . nicky embrace she . nicky you do . I like that . I like that . that 's what I like about you . you do the right thing . ginger ( play with he jacket ) I do what you tell I to . nicky yes , you do . ginger ' Cause you always tell I the right thing to do . nicky yeah . ( pause , with he arm around she . ) Boy , he really fuck himself up out here - ( she caress he face . ) - do not he ? ginger sure do . nicky everything go to he head . ( he sigh , rub she neck . ) nicky / ginger ( in unison ) change . nicky he do . he be not the same person , right ? ginger ( whisper ) no , he 's not . nicky he really think who the fuck he be , I will tell you that . ginger ( holding back tear ) exactly . ( sigh . ) he hate I . she rest she head on nicky 's shoulder , start to weep . ginger he hate my fuckin ' gut . nicky come on , come on , you be a toughie . you can take this . ( run he hand down she cheek . ) do not cry . ginger ( crying ) I be not as tough as you think I be . nicky yes , you be . ginger ( sob ) I be not and he scare the shit out of I . I never know what he 's gonna do . nicky ( whisper ) come on . do not be scared . ginger ( softly , through tear ) I need some help . I do . I need some help . ( stroke he chest . ) you gotta help I . I need a new sponsor , nicky . ginger 's sob subside a little and she hand start to stroke nicky 's neck . ginger ( whisper ) I do . I need a new sponsor . nicky ( quietly , cheek to cheek ) be that what you want ? ginger yeah . nicky a sponsor . ginger yeah . nicky mm ... okay . do not worry about it . nobody will fuck with ya anymore . I will take care of ya . ginger ( whisper ) nicky , please ... nicky yes , I will . it 's what you want , be not it ? huh ? ginger ( sob ) thank you . yeah , yeah , yeah . nicky it 's what you want ? ginger yeah . uh-huh - nicky interrupt and kiss she . she kiss he back . he push she head down to he lap . ext . construction trailer - night nicky open the door to the trailer and peer out to make sure no one be watch . ext . FBI surveillance camper - night we see past a chain - link fence to a camper . we hear the sound of photo be take with a high -speed camera . ext . construction trailer - night we see ginger and nicky slip out of the trailer in the desert work site . FBI agent # 1 ( o.s. ) you see that ? ext . FBI surveillance camper - night FBI men with long - lens camera be recording the event on film . FBI agent # 1 that 's Ace 's wife . still photo : nicky and ginger steal a kiss . FBI agent # 1 fantastic ! still photo : click . click . ginger and nicky embrace . ext . construction trailer - night the agent watch as ginger and nicky move towards they separate car . ext . FBI surveillance camper - night FBI agent # 1 this be great for the boss . ext . construction trailer - night ginger get into she car . still photo : click : ginger get into she car . click : nicky get into he car . ext . construction trailer - night nicky and ginger drive off . int . ace' kitchen - night ace be wait for ginger . he hear a car pull into the drive - way , he get up and look out the slide glass door . it 's ginger . he sit back down , motionless with a glass of milk . she walk in with a sack of grocery and some dry clean . ginger hi. she put she purse and the grocery down on the kitchen counter , and hang up the dry clean . ace hi. you do not answer you beeper . ginger I throw it away . ace you throw it away ? ginger ( as she put some item away ) look , I try to do this thing . I know that you want I to , but it 's just - you know , I be drive down the freeway and the fuckin ' thing 's ' beep - beep - beep - beep ' . you know , I be in a restaurant and it 's - it 's embarrassing . I do not want to do it anymore . ( stop suddenly . ) where 's Amy ? ace I put she to bed . ginger oh . ( walk away towards they bedroom . ) I get you cigarettes . int . ace' house , bathroom - night ginger set some item down on she dress - table , in front of a mirror . ginger oscar want you to call he . ace so , who would you go to lunch with ? ginger with Jennifer . ace and where would you go ? ginger to the riviera . ace ( pause ) what would you have ? ginger I have a ... salad . ace what do Jennifer have ? ginger ( turn to ace ) she have the same . ace ( pause ) okay . I want you to call Jennifer and I want you to tell she to tell you what she have for lunch , and I be gonna listen in on the other line . ginger why do you want to do that ? ace you know why I want to do it . just do it . ginger Fine . ( walk out and down the hall . ) just gonna get the bowl for my thing . ace mm. int . ace' house , live - room - night ginger be on the hall phone , dial . we hear a phone ring through the earpiece . she wait a few second and hang up . ginger the line 's busy . there 's nobody there . she start to walk away . ace stop she , pick up the phone and dial . we hear jennifer answer . jennifer ( over telephone ) hello . ace ( into telephone ) hello , Jennifer , it 's Sam - tight on ginger' finger cutting off the call . ginger all right ... I do not have lunch with Jennifer . ace ( hanging up ) who be you with ? ginger ( quietly ) I be with somebody . ace I know you be with somebody . who be it ? ( pause . ) I just hope it 's not someone who I think it might be . ( sigh , then whisper : ) I just hope it 's not they . ace ( v.o. ) ( quietly ) I know she fuck around . ( sigh . ) you know ... int . ace' bedroom - night the two of they be seat separately . ginger be on the floor lean against a chair , cry softly . ace ( v.o. ) ... she do what she do and I do what I have to do . but , Jesus , nicky be the worst thing she could have do . ace what if he will not stop ? ace ( v.o. ) I mean , it could get we both kill . ginger I can back he off . ace sigh . ace ( v.o. ) she be very convincing ... ext . LA concha motel - day a neon sign read : LA concha motel . ace ( v.o. ) ... when she want to be . we see a canted angle of a room and balcony with drawn curtain . ace ( v.o. ) and ... this ... this be how she back he off . int . LA concha motel - day ginger and nicky be make love on the bed , panting , grunt and gasp . int . LA concha motel - day they have finish make love . nicky be zipping up he pants . ginger still sit on the bed smoking a cigarette . nicky hey , Ginger ... do not forget , if you be challenge , you know , if he ask anything , deny everything . ( he walk up to she . ) do you understand ? I do not want he bringin ' beef back home ... ' cause that could be a problem . you gotta be careful . he 's not dumb , you know ? you hear what I be sayin ' , right ? her arm and thigh be bruise . ginger I know . you do not have to tell I that . what do you think , ( chuckle ) I be stupid ? she take a drag off she cigarette . nicky do I think you be stupid ? no , I think you be beautiful . ( he bend down and kiss she . ) but I gotta go . he exit . ace ( v.o. ) by this ... ext . all - american gas station , back home - day a car move into the station and stop at a gas pump . ace ( v.o. ) ... time , nicky have thing so fuck up on the street , that every time Marino go back home , the ... int . all - american gas station , office and garage - day slow motion of marino walk through the front office past a few man . he toss he cigarette butt and put it out with he shoe . he look nervous . ace ( v.o. ) ... package get smaller and smaller . it get ... int . all - american gas station , gaggi be back office - day marino take a small stack of cash out of he coat . a seat gaggi nod for one of he man to take the money . ace ( v.o. ) ...to the point when he walk into the place ... he do not know whether he be gonna be kiss or kill . gaggi 's man take the money . gaggi ( o.s. ) frankie , I want to ask you something . gaggi it 's private ... but I want you to tell I the truth . marino of course , remo . gaggi I want you to tell I the truth , mind you . marino I always tell you the truth , remo . gaggi frankie ... the little guy , he would not be fuckin ' the Jew 's wife , would he ? because if he be ... it 's a problem . freeze frame of marino . marino ( v.o. ) what could I say ? I know if I give the wrong answer , I mean , nicky , Ginger , Ace , all of them could have would up gettin ' kill . freeze frame of gaggi . marino ( v.o. ) because there 's one thing about this old timer : they do not like any fuckin ' around with the other guy 's wife . it 's bad for business . on marino' freeze frame . marino ( v.o. ) so , I lie ... even though I know that by lyin ' to gaggi , I could wind up gettin ' kill too . unfreeze - live action continue . marino ( to gaggi ) no . I be not see anything like that . gaggi be you sure ? marino I be positive . remo ... thing be very fuck up down there , you know ? gaggi yeah , I know . that 's why I be ask . you see , my main concern be nicky . marino hm . gaggi I want to know ... if he 's doin ' all right . if he 's okay . marino he 's good . he 's fine . gaggi I be askin ' you , frankie , to keep a eye on nicky . do it for I . marino no problem . gaggi you see ... I would not want to be jeopardize anything for people who be we friend . you understand ? marino I understand . gaggi okay . ( pause . ) frankie , you be a good boy . pat marino 's hand . marino thanks , remo . gaggi drink from he espresso cup . so do marino , look over cautiously at the old man . ace ( v.o . ) by now , nicky and he crew have already hit rock bottom . I mean , Vegas really get to he . ext . bar parking lot , las vega - night nicky be punch a man who be lean against a car . they be surround by marino , fusco , blue and hardy . the man remain erect . ace ( v.o. ) the booze , the coke , the broad ... I mean , he get sloppy . he just be not the same nicky anymore . dominick take over . exhausted , nicky walk to he car and lean on the open car door . marino ( to nicky ) you must have drunk too much . nicky go fuck yourself . ace ( v.o. ) I hear one night he have to belt a guy three time before he finally go down . dominick finally knock the man down . ace ( v.o. ) in the old day , nicky would have deck he with one shot . int . room - night extreme close - up of a camera following a line of cocaine as it be sucked up into a straw . ace ( v.o. ) you add this into the mix ... extreme close - up looking through the straw as the coke be sniffed . maybe Vegas just get . . . ext . bar parking lot - night nicky and he crew get into they car . ace ( v.o. ) ...to all of we . and he crew follow he right over the edge . the man be leave alone on the ground of the dingy parking lot . ace ( v.o. ) they be all tune up half the time on coke . I mean , they start doin ' ... ext . bernie blue' house , residential STREET - night blue get out of he car with a aluminium foil package to confront the police . ace ( v.o. ) ... stupid thing . cop # 1 watch it , partner , watch it ! ace ( v.o. ) the worst be Blue . blue ( belligerent ) hey , what do you guy want out of my life , huh ? cop # 1 Police ! stay in the fuckin ' car ! ace ( v.o. ) he never know when to keep he fuckin ' mouth shut . cop # 2 he have a gun ! cop # 1 Drop you gun or I will -! blue hey , fuck you ! cop # 1 Drop the gun ! blue be shot several time by both cop . he fall on the ground , dead . ace ( v.o. ) the cop shot he . they shot Blue ... flashback - a little earlier blue be yell back at the cop , hold the foil package . ace ( v.o. ) ... because they think he hero sandwich be a gun ! freeze frame as the camera move in on the wrap sandwich in he hand . ace ( v.o. ) you know , they could have ... the cop walk up to blue , who be on the ground amid shattered glass . ace ( v.o. ) ... be right , but who know ? cop # 1 Jesus Christ ! what gun ? he 's get a fuckin ' hero sandwich here . cop # 2 what do you want ? it - it 's pitch - black out here . it 's tin foil . cop # 1 pitch -black ?! it - cop # 2 it look like a fuckin ' gun ! cop # 1 you - you fuckin ' moron , I will be fill out paper work for the next two month because of you and this piece of shit , you ... cop # 2 oh my God , what be we gonna do ? I be sorry . cop # 1 ...fuckin ' jerk-off . ace ( v.o. ) and to make matter worse , to get even , nicky 's crew get stone one night and they start shootin ' up the cop ' house . cop # 1 plant a gun on the ground next to blue 's leg use a handkerchief to avoid leave fingerprint . ext . detective's house - night the house explode as gunfire riddle the front of a detective 's home . marino , dominick , fusco , hardy and three hood in another car be spraying the home with machine - gun and shotgun . ext . gold rush - day nicky and marino emerge from the shop . ace ( v.o. ) I mean , it get to the point where they could not even talk in the gold rush anymore because the fed put a wire in the wall . ext . FBI stakeout post : motel across from the gold rush - day two FBI agent with binocular be watch nicky and marino , try to read they lip . ) ace ( v.o. ) and even when they talk outside , they have to cover they mouth because ... lip -reader ( lower he binocular ) jeez , he 's coverin ' up again . he raise the binocular and look through again . ace ( v.o. ) ... the fed bring in lip-reader . ext . gold rush - day nicky and marino be outside talk . they be cover they mouth with they hand and constantly look around . ace ( v.o. ) nicky find out about it from a teller who owed he money . this guy work ... voice- over trail off . marino he ask I again about you and the Jew 's wife . nicky walk , walk , walk . what would you say ? marino he ask I again about you and the Jew 's wife . nicky yeah , what would you tell he ? marino I tell he I do not know nothin' . but jigg and , uh , tony gorilla say if you do anything , you be fuck up . nicky you think he 's goin ' home , makin ' a beef behind my back ? marino Nah . you would have hear somethin' . nicky yeah , what 's to stop he ? marino I know . I know . nicky I do not trust he anymore . but they would never okay anything , you know ? marino yeah , but they keep askin ' about it . nicky well , now , sure they be askin' . they earn with the prick . I get a funny feelin ' he 's gonna start a fuckin ' war or somethin' . ( pause ) I be not sure yet , you know . but I w- you know , but you know what I want you to do ? marino what ? nicky look suspiciously at a man walk by they . nicky who 's this guy ? who 's this guy ? marino oh , he be not nobody . nicky you know what I want you to do ? get a couple of guy to dig a hole in the desert , then let them show you where it 's at . marino angelo and buster . nicky yeah , but I be not sure yet . marino they will do it . nicky and when I be ready , I will say the word , ' go see the Jew . ' marino yeah . nicky and you make it disappear , you know what I mean ? marino yeah , just let I know . but you gotta be ready . you know what I be talkin ' about ? nicky do I say to do anything yet ? I say I be not sure ... I will let you know . I want to think about it . where be this prick at ? look for the FBI agent . marino do not know . nicky dominick say they be in the motel ? marino yeah , either that or in the fuckin ' bank . I do not know . they be all over the joint . int . jubilation nightclub - night ace be seat at a table with sherbert , trudy , oscar and two showgirl . ace be on the phone . it ring and ring , but there 's no answer . int . ace' house - day the camera pan from the bedroom hallway to the live - room as the phone ring . int . jubilation nightclub - night ace hang up . ace ( get up from the table ) be right back . I will be right back . he walk over to rudy , the maitre d' . ace rudy , any call for I , just give them to Mr sherbert . I will be right back . rudy sure , Mr rothstein . you will be back ...? ace I be go home for a few second . I will be right back . ace hurry out . rudy pick up the phone and dial a number . rudy ( into telephone ) he 's on he way home . int . leaning tower - night nicky be on the phone . the place be jump in the background . rudy ( over telephone ) yeah , he just leave . nicky yeah ? all right . he hang up the phone and look across the room at ginger , who be seat in a booth smile at he and pick the olive out of a martini . int . ace' house - night ace get home and can not find ginger . ace ( look around the house ) hello ? hello ! Ginger . amy ( faintly , from she bedroom ) help , daddy ! fear strike he and he run to he daughter 's room . ace ( knock , turn the doorknob ) Amy ! Amy , open the door ! amy ( o.s. ) ( from she room ) I can not ! I be tie ! ace wh-wh - ace slam he shoulder against the door , try to knock it down . int . ace' house , amy bedroom - night ace force it open and see that amy 's arm have be tie to she bed with stocking . amy scream . amy dad ! ace what happen ? what happen ? who do this to you ? amy mommy . ace I be gonna get a knife and cut you loose , honey , I will - amy ( pant ) oh , no , please , please . she try to keep he from leave she . ace ( bend down , kiss she ) okay , I will be right back . ace cut amy loose with a knife . ace when do this happen , honey ? amy I do not know . she get up and hug she father . ace you do not know ? what time do you mother do this ? when do she leave ? amy I do not know . ace ( comfort amy as she moan ) ohhh ... he kiss she . they get up from the bed when the phone ring . int . ace' house , live - room - night ace walk to the phone . ace ( into telephone ) hello . nicky ( over telephone ) sammy . ace ( into telephone ) yeah , uh , who 's this ? nicky it 's I . ace ( into telephone ) Nick ? int . leaning tower - night dominick look on as nicky talk on the phone . nicky ( into telephone ) yeah , what be you doin ' ? you okay ? ace ( over telephone ) no , I be not okay . int . ace' house , live - room - night ace ( into telephone ) how would you know I be here ? nicky ( over telephone ) well ... int . leaning tower - night dominick and marino look on . nicky ( into telephone ) ...uh , you know , I just want to talk to you a minute . ace ( over telephone ) well ... int . ace' house , live - room - night ace ( into telephone ) ... Ginger 's miss and she tie Amy up and she lock she in she room . I gotta find she . I do not know where the hell she be . int . leaning tower - night nicky ( into telephone ) yeah ? well , listen , Ginger 's over here at the lean Tower with I . int . ace' house , live - room - night ace ( into telephone ) she 's there with you ? ( get angry . ) she 's there with you ? nicky ( over telephone ) yeah , she 's here . ace ( into telephone ) I will be right there . he hang up and start to leave . int . leaning tower - night nicky ( into telephone ) uh , all right . he hang up and step over to dominick and marino . nicky he 's comin ' over . dominick great ! int . leaning tower - night High angle past the restaurant 's neon sign to ace 's car screeching to a halt by the main entrance . he storm in . int . leaning tower - night ace be stop by nicky in the foyer . nicky ( try to calm he ) Ace do not ... listen , do not ... do not make a scene , all right ? ace I want to just talk . I want to talk to that irish bitch . nicky she do not know who to turn to . ( raising he hand almost in a plea . ) she ... she do not know where to turn . she be tryin ' to save you marriage . ace yeah ? nicky , I want to talk to that fuckin ' bitch . nicky ( menace ) hey , be fuckin ' nice . calm . be nice . do not fuck up in here . ace pause for a beat , realize that nicky be stand in he way and could be dangerous . ace give he a wide berth . we follow ace through the crowd to ginger , seat in a booth . he sit down angrily across from she . ) ginger ( stone , smoking a cigarette ) hi , Sam . ace ( quietly ) I mean , you tie up we kid and you lock the fuckin ' door ? be ... ginger oh ... ace ... you out of you mind ? that 's we child . be you out of you fuckin ' mind ? ginger it 's just for a little while , Sam . the baby -sitter be not there . ace I ought to fuckin ' have you commit . you fuckin ' do that again , ( point he finger at she ) I will for - , I will f- ginger she be not gonna get up . I be just gonna be out for a little while . ace I should have - ginger I mean , she be asleep . I be go to be right back before she even wake up . ace listen to I , listen to I , listen to I . ( pound he fist on the table . ) listen , you fuckin ' cunt . ginger oh , sh - ace listen to I . ginger fuck you . ace ( knock she drink over ) let I tell you something . ( point . ) listen to I . ginger I w- I be gonna be back before she wake up . ace you listen carefully ! you ever fuckin ' touch she again , you ever do anything like that again , I will fuckin ' kill you . pure and simple . do you hear I ? pure and fuckin ' simple , I will fuckin ' kill you , you bitch . ginger ( lean in to he ) why do not you just let I go , Sam ? ace you fuckin ' whore ! ginger I will sign anything you want I to sign , okay ? ace you understand ? what ? let you go ? ginger I just want the key to my jewelry , and I want you to let I go . ace you want you jewelry ? ginger I want you to let I go . ace and what ? and let you disgrace I , you fuckin ' pig ? and let you disgrace I ? get up . get up and be a mother . get in the car and go to the house ... ginger dart a look to nicky who be at the bar , watch anxiously . he gesture with he head for she to leave . ace right now . get up and - ace notice she look at nicky but when he turn to see what she 's look at , he just miss nicky 's gesture . ace grab ginger by she collar . ace get - get up ! get up ! ginger I wou - I would not do that if I be you . ace get - get up ! ginger I would not do that ... ace get up ! get go ! ( push the table . ) get up ! nicky gesture to she again . ginger I would not - ace get the fu- ( shake the table . ) you threaten I ? ( make a fist . ) I will fuckin ' kill you in this place ! ( point to she . ) get up and go home right now . ginger get up and lean in to shout at ace . ginger ( barking ) I be go . I be go , you -! she grab she purse and leave . patron stare as ace follow she out . int . ace' house , foyer - night ginger follow ace through the door . as soon as she close the door behind she , ace turn to face she . ace now you need approval from he to go home ? ginger so what ? so who fuckin ' blow you in the parking lot before you come in ... huh ? ace ( disgust ) you make I sick , you fuck . once a fuckin ' hooker , always a hooker . ginger oh , fuck you ! fuck you , Sam rothstein ! ( open the door . ) fuck you ! a furious ginger turn around and storm out , slamm the door . int . ace' house kitchen - night through the kitchen slide glass door : ginger 's engine roar and tire screech as she tear away in she she sportscar . ace dial the phone . ace ( into telephone ) yeah , billy sherbert , please . put he on . sherbert ( over telephone ) who 's this ? ace ( into telephone ) yeah , Bill , listen , I will explain to you later . just - you - you get a gun at home ? yeah . bring it over here right away . int . jubilation nightclub - night sherbert be still at the discotheque . sherbert ( into telephone ) okay . just take it easy . ace ( over telephone ) right away . okay ? sherbert ( into telephone ) I - I will do it . int . ace' kitchen - night ace ( into telephone ) okay . ( he hang up . ) ext . leaning tower - night ginger 's car screech into the parking lot and she jump out , leave she car oor open and engine run . a valet parker approach . ginger ( to valet parker ) leave it where it be . int . leaning tower , foyer - night ginger burst in . marino try to calm she down . ginger where be he ? goddamn it ! I want that Jew bastard kill ! I have fuckin ' have it ! nicky walk in from the restaurant . marino calm down , calm down . shh ! nicky shh . ( to marino . ) hide she car in the back ! he pull she by she arm to a storage room upstairs . ginger there 's no reason to hide my car . he already know ! ( walk up the stair . ) he throw it in my face ! the second I get out of here , I - int . leaning tower , upstair storage room - night ginger be enraged and panting . nicky what do I tell you ? suppose he go back home and make a fuckin ' beef ? I gotta know exactly what you say . tell I what you say to he . ginger I ? I say ... nothin ' . I say , I say , ' no , no , no . ' everything he say , I just keep sayin ' no . nicky I tell you this be fuckin ' dangerous . remember I say , ' Ginger , this be a dangerous situation . be very careful . ' you fuckin ' yess I to death . ginger if it 's so fuckin ' dangerous , then why do not you kill he ? nicky I be not gonna kill he . shut the fuck up . what , do you know what you be talkin ' about ? I be not kill anyb - ginger ( interrupt ) oh , well , then , have he kill and get it over with . nicky ( loud and angry ) hey , do not be such a fuckin ' smartass , will you ? I mean , I know the fuckin ' guy thirty - five year , I be gonna fuckin ' whack he for you ? fuck ... motherfucker ! I know this , I know it . ginger what about my money ? nicky ( raising he voice even more ) how the fuck be I gonna get you fuckin ' money now ? you think he 's gonna give you fuckin ' money ? be you out of you mind ?! look what you just do to this fuckin ' guy ! if you would have just keep you fuckin ' mouth shut ! ( walk away . ) ah , what the fuck be the use ? I should have never get invol - ginger scream and attack nicky . nicky ( grappling with she ) what ? hey ! hey ! what the fuck be you ... ? nicky slap she roughly across the face , grab the back she jacket and forcefully lead she to a stairway . ginger ah , you fuck ! you be such a fuckin ' asshole ! nicky get the fuck out of here . get out ! get the fuck out ! shove she down the stair . ginger yell and gasp on she way down . marino ( o.s. ) ( from bottom of stairway ) whoa . calm down . nicky ( behind ginger ) get out . get out ! get out ! marino ( o.s. ) take it easy ! nicky why would I get involved with this fuckin ' nut in the first place ? get out ! marino you be gonna fuckin ' kill she . take it easy . nicky ( push a sobbing ginger out the back door ) get she the fuck out of here . get she out of here . ext . leaning tower , back door / rear parking lot - night marino throw ginger out the back door . she fall on she side , cry . nicky get the fuck out of here . ginger ( sob , get up ) I do not need you ! I have my own fuckin ' money ! nicky all right , all right . she stumble to she car . ginger I be go ' to the FBI ! I be not scared anymore ! nicky all right . be careful . ginger you fuck with I for the last time ! nicky okay , yeah . int . leaning tower , back door - night nicky and marino be seat at the back door watch ginger screech out of the parking lot . nicky be careful . ( to marino . ) hey , come on . get inside . they turn and walk back inside . marino lean on a wall next to the kitchen . nicky have scratch on he hand and face . nicky can you fuckin ' believe that ? ( show marino he scratch . ) look at this motherfucker . nicky sit on the bottom step across from marino , who sigh . cook mill around in the background . nicky I fuck up , frankie . I fuck up good this time . should have never start with this fuckin ' broad . marino take it easy . what could you do ? I mean , she throw herself at you , right ? nicky I be in a bad fuckin ' spot here . you know that ? bad fuckin ' spot . he put he head in he hand . int . ace' house , kitchen - night we see sherbert approach the slide glass door hold a shotgun . ace let he in , lock the door and grab the gun from he . ext . ace' house , live - room - night through the slide patio door , we see ace and sherbert make sure all the door be lock and the light be turn off . ace ( v.o. ) I already leave the kid with neighbor and I have about a million in cash and jewel that I give to sherbert to lock up in the hotel . ace ( o.s. ) ( from follow scene ) put this in the ... int . ace' house - night ace lead sherbert to the front door as he stuff a shoebox fill with cash and jewel in a bag and hand it over to he . ace ... hotel safe , then I want you to come right back . ace shut the down behind he and switch off a light . the room go black . ext . ace' house - morning a crisp , sunny morning . sherbert 's car be park on the street in front of the house . int . ace' house , upstair den - morning a exhaust ace , in he robe , and sherbert be seat across from each other at the bar with the shotgun display prominently on the counter between they . ext . neighborhood STREET , ace' house - morning camera pan with ginger 's car as it approach the driveway and crash into the back of ace 's park car . int . ace' house , upstair den - morning ace and sherbert react to the noise . sherbert grab the shotgun . ace look out the window at ginger ramming she car into he . ace she , she 's alone . just go . take the gun and go into Amy 's . ginger ( o.s. ) ( scream ) you get down here ! ace ( to sherbert as he walk around the bar with the gun ) just wait there for I ! ginger ( from driveway ) get down here and talk to I , goddamn it ! do not fuckin ' ignore I ! you motherfucker ! sherbert exit . ace run over to the stair and start down they . ext . ace' house - morning ginger repeatedly smashes into ace 's car . ginger ( from she car ) I mean it ! ace emerge from the front door , take cover behind a brick column . ginger you come down here right now ! come down here and talk to I , goddamn it ! fuck you ! goddamn you , come out here ! I be gonna drive this fuck car through the live - room ! she start to drive it across the lawn . ace dart back towards the front door . ginger 's car stop in front of the porch . ginger ( get out of the car to confront ace ) you fuck coward ! you motherfucker ! she slip and fall on the lawn . ginger you come out here and talk to I , you fucker ! ace ( from the porch ) will you stop it ? you be drunk , you be on drug . you be gonna - ginger I be not ! ace ( point to she ) you be gonna be sorry if you do not stop that . ginger do not you threaten I ! ace you will wake the whole neighborhood ! ginger ( kick the hedge ) do not you threaten I ! ext . neighbor's house across the STREET - morning a female neighbor walk out of she house . a man from the house next door do the same . we see amy watch from the neighbor 's window . ginger ( o.s. ) you be not threaten I anymore ! ace ( o.s. ) I be not - ext . ace' house - morning ginger be bend down , break off branch from some plant and throw they at ace . ginger you fuck ! you fuck ! I be sick of you ! ace flinch as a handful of leave hit he face . ginger I be fuckin' nicky santoro ! I be ! he 's my new sponsor ! ace gesture towards the neighbor who be watch . a squad car pull into the driveway . ginger ( to ace ) what about that , you fuckhead ?! ( to neighbor . ) what be you look at ? fuck off ! two cop walk up the driveway towards ginger . cop # 1 hey ! cop # 2 hey ! ginger ( to neighbor ) go back inside ! this be none of you business ! ( to ace . ) I do not have to take you shit all the time anymore . cop # 1 hey . ginger I will to the FBI ! cop # 2 Mrs. rothstein , hey . ginger I will go to the police ! I be not ( kick hedge ) protect you anymore , you fuck ! cop # 1 Mrs ro- Mrs rothstein ! okay , shh ! ginger he will not ... ext . FBI surveillance camper - morning a FBI agent be park down the block , photograph the scene through a long - lens camera . ginger ( o.s. ) ... let I inside ! int . FBI surveillance camper - morning on the FBI agent and he camera as he photograph the scene . ginger ( o.s. ) he will not let I in my own house ! ext . ace' house - morning freeze frame : cop # 1 tugging at ginger' jacket . unfreeze : live action continue as she pull away from he . cop # 1 Mr rothstein . Mr rothstein , I be sorry . we have get some complaint about - about the noise . ginger I be just try to get in my house ! cop # 1 I understand . ginger he will not let I go in my house ! ace I will not let she in . I be sorry , Randy , I be not gonna let she in . she - well , I be not gonna let she in , the way she 's behave . I be - I be - ginger not gonna let I in ? ace who know what you be gonna do in there ? I do not want you - ginger what do you mean , what be I gonna do ? I be in the same clothes for two day ! I want to get a few of my thing ! Big deal ! cop # 1 all right . okay , okay . cop # 2 Mr rothstein , why do not we just let she in the house and get a few of she thing ? that way she will get out of here . this be half she house anyway . ace I be afraid to let she in the house . ginger oh , you be ... ace I be afraid she 's gonna destroy stuff . ginger ( kick , pull up plant and throw they at ace ) let I in the house ! fucker ! cop # 1 hold she back . ginger fucker ! cop # 1 please . ace should I let she in like - ? ginger you ought to be afraid , the way you fuckin ' treat I ! cop # 1 hey , Mr rothstein , it will make it a lot easier on everybody here if we just let she in the house . cop # 2 if we let she get a few of she thing we will be out of you hair . ace if she calm down , I will let she in the house . ginger ( pant , yell ) I be calm ! ace if she calm down ... cop # 1 ( to ginger ) no , you be not calm . ace ... I will let she in the house for five minute if you gentleman will escort she out if she happen not to want to leave . because I do not - I - ginger ( to cop # 1 ) can I go in ? cop # 1 that 's not a problem , that 's not a p- ginger can I go in ? cop # 1 Jeff , would you go in with she ? ginger walk towards the front door . cop # 2 we can do that . absolutely . yes. absolutely . ginger yes , fine ! Fine ! ( in ace 's face as she brushes past he . ) fuck you ! ext . FBI surveillance camper - morning the FBI agent take photograph . we see a series of surveillance photo of ginger , ace and the cop on the front lawn . ext . neighbor's window - morning amy be watch she parent and the cop across the street , until the housekeeper pull she away into the house . ginger ( o.s. ) ( from follow scene ) you would not believe how mean he 's be to I . he 's lock up ... int . ace' house , upstair den - morning ginger race up the stair , trail by cop # 2 . ginger ... most of my important stuff , all my papers and thing . and I have to get them . she walk across the room to ace 's desk . ginger so do not let he come in here ' cause I know they be in here in the desk and he 's - she try to open the middle drawer but it 's lock . ginger fuck ! ( go through a couple of drawer . ) just pay attention . he could come up here at any time . ( pant . ) she spot a pair of scissors on the desk . she try to open the drawer with they . ginger ( then , to cop # 2 ) be you watch for he ? she finally pries the drawer open , break the tip of the scissors . ginger 's hand open the drawer and she pick up the safe deposit key . ginger get them . freeze frame on the glimmering keys . ext . ace' house - morning ace and cop # 1 be on the front porch talk . ace ( smoke , check he watch ) yeah , I do not want she in there more than a few more minute . cop # 1 no , it 's - it will just be a couple of minute . we get other thing to do too , you know . he will hurry she up . how 's everything else besides this ? ace Fine , fine . how 's you family ? cop # 1 not bad , not bad . in fact , uh , my wife 's pregnant again . ace oh , good . cop # 1 yeah . ace congratulation . ace shake he hand . cop # 1 thanks , yeah ... I be kind of happy about this , you know . int . ace' house , bedroom closet - morning ginger run into the closet , bend down to search through the shoe box that usually contain money but be now empty . ginger ( kneel , to cop # 2 ) I just have to get this one more thing and then we will be - we can go . ( she pick up a empty shoe box . ) shit ! ( get up , pick up a pair of ace 's shoe and toss they on the floor . ) God , fuck ! shit! God ! ( she run out , take a fur coat off a hangar . then , grunt ) really piss I off ... ( to cop # 2 . ) do not worry about it . cop # 2 follow she out of the closet . ext . ace' house - morning ace , cop # 1 and several neighbor wait as ginger storm out with cop # 2 carry a small overnight bag . ginger ( to the cop but look at ace ) and it would be great if you guy could follow I out of here , because he 's be threaten I . ginger walk to she car . cop # 2 ( to cop # 1 ) come on . I be sorry . cop # 1 okay . ace ( to cop # 1 , shaking hand ) okay , Randy . thank you . cop # 1 all right , take care . ginger back she car out , smash into ace 's car once again . ext . ace' house , kitchen window - morning sherbert watch from a small , curtain window . ext . neighborhood STREET - morning ginger drive down the street follow by the police car . the FBI camper pull out and follow the squad car follow ginger . ext . ginger be car - morning ginger be drive and cry . ginger ( to herself , panting ) I can not believe this . ( sigh . ) ext . vega bank - morning ginger swerve into the bank , park in front of the main entrance and get out of she car . the cop park behind she . ginger ( to cop , rush inside ) I just need to pick up a little cash inside . could you come with I ? ext . FBI surveillance car , across the STREET - morning two more FBI agent , with binocular and a camera , photograph ginger as she walk into the bank . int . vega bank vault - morning a bank employee be help ginger unlock a safe deposit box . she pull it out hurriedly . int . ace' house , upstair den - morning ace be on the phone talk to charlie clark . he 's look at the jimmied rawer , break scissors and the miss key . ace ( into telephone , throw the scissors into the open drawer ) Charlie , you have gotta - you have gotta stop she ! charlie clark ( over telephone ) I - I be sorry , Sam . ace ( into telephone ) you have get to stop she . charlie clark ( over telephone ) what can I do ? ace ( into telephone ) she 's a fuckin ' junkie . she 's out of she fuck mind . do you under - sherbert be behind ace , listen . charlie clark ( over telephone ) she have ... int . vega bank - morning charlie clark be on the phone . ginger , in the background , come out of the vault and carry one of she box to a cubicle . charlie clark ( into telephone ) ... the key , and it 's still in both you name . ginger ( carry the box , slip but catch herself ) whoa . charlie clark ( into telephone ) I be sorry , there 's nothing I can do . I would like to help ... int . ace' house , upstair den - morning charlie clark ( over telephone ) ... but I can not . ace ( into telephone ) legally , she can not take that stuff . legally , she can not take the stuff . charlie clark ( over telephone ) no , Ace . ace ( into telephone ) half of everything be mine . charlie clark ( over telephone ) Ace , listen to I . ace ( into telephone ) half - I be comin ' down . ( he hang up . ) ext . ace' house , driveway - morning ace and sherbert get into ace 's damage car . a metal strip dangle from sherbert 's door scrape the pavement as they pull out . int . vega bank - day ginger open the safe deposit box , which be fill with bound stack of cash . she grab handfuls in a frenzy , some fall off the counter to the floor . ginger shit ! oh , goddamn it ! ginger get down on the floor to pick they up . ginger ( then , to cop who be watch ) um , I be gonna need a bag . if you could just ask the guy for a big bag , okay ? cop # 1 ( to cop # 2 ) go get a bag , man . ginger ( look up , offer cop # 1 some cash ) and here . here . cop # 1 Lady , I can not . I can not . I can - cop # 2 exit . ginger no , you can , you can . ( sob . ) you have be so nice to I . cop # 1 ( take the money ) I can not . int . vega bank - morning , a little later cop # 2 hold open a large canvas bag for ginger . cop # 2 ( to ginger ) like this ? ginger ( struggle with two handfuls of cash ) yeah , just hold the top open , all right , and I can - she start to stuff the money in the bag . ext . FBI surveillance car , across the STREET - morning the FBI agent photograph ginger leave the bank . ext . vega bank - day ginger throw the canvas bag into the trunk of she car when , suddenly , she see ace 's beat - up cadillac approach . she gasp . ginger oh , God . it 's he . ( to cop . ) you have to stop he . you have to - ' Cause he say he be go to kill I . ace jump out of he car and run toward ginger , sherbert follow he out . ace be intercept by the cop who hold he back . ginger you just - just stop he . cop # 1 Mr ro- Mr roth - Mr rothstein , where you goin ' - ace stop - cop # 1 wait , hold on a second . ace hey ! cop # 1 hold on a second . the cop huddle around ace and sherbert until ginger 's car pull out of the bank . cop # 1 nothin ' we can do about it . nothin ' we can do . there 's nothin ' we can do . ace , unable to pursue , watch ginger speed away . ace look , look . you can not stop she for speed ? I mean , look what the hell she 's do . cop # 1 speed ? cop # 2 we be talkin ' to you right now . ginger 's car disappear into traffic . the FBI car across the street follow right behind she . cop # 2 there 's nothing we can do . she have the key . cop # 1 she 's on the account . there 's nothing we can do . ext . FBI surveillance car - morning the agent be follow ginger . FBI agent # 1 let 's pull she over at that citgo Station . FBI agent # 2 ( driving ) okay , let 's do it . FBI agent # 1 put a siren on top of the car 's roof . ext . vega STREET , citgo station - morning ginger pull over at a gas station , the FBI car with siren blaring right behind she . ext . vega bank - morning a powerless ace and sherbert be still stand in front of the bank with the cop . cop # 2 give ace a ' sorry ' gesture . ext . citgo station - morning ginger and the FBI agent be stand by she car . she be distraught . FBI agent # 2 we be - we be place you under arrest for - ginger ( sob ) for what ? FBI agent # 2 we be place you under arrest for aid and abetting - ginger ( through tear ) what ? FBI agent # 2 we be place you under arrest for aid and abetting a - ginger ( crying ) but I be just try to leave . ace ( v.o. ) after all the threat and all the bullshit , it turn out Ginger do not tell them anything . but by then , the fed do not need she , anyway . ginger ( sob ) but it be just mine . ace ( v.o. ) they have all the piece they need . FBI agent # 1 come on . ginger but I do not do anything . the agent escort ginger to they car . ace ( v.o. ) and everybody ... ext . gold rush - night twelve FBI agent with rifle , wear ' FBI ' armband , charge into the parking lot and rush through the front door . ace ( v.o. ) ... begin to tumble . FBI agent # 3 FBI ! we have a warrant ! ace ( v.o. ) ... one after the other ... just like domino . between piscano complain on a wire . ext . gold rush - night , a little later the FBI agent escort dominick , hardy , fusco and marino out of the front of the shop . ace ( v.o. ) between nicky , Ginger , I and my license ... paradise ... we manage to really fuck it all up . int . nicky's house - night we hear a doorbell ring . little nicky , now ten year old , see FBI agent approach the house . little nicky ( get up from the couch ) Mom ! jennifer ( o.s. ) ( into telephone ) yeah , well , someone 's at the fuckin ' door now . Jennifer 's cousin open the door ; seven agent storm in . FBI agent # 4 FBI . we have a federal search warrant . nicky ( v.o. ) right away , I get wind of the pinch comin ' down , so I take off . who need to hang around for that bullshit ? FBI agent # 4 ( to jennifer , show he badge ) my name be Marc caspar , special agent , FBI . jennifer ( defensive ) yeah , well , ( grab the phone and walk away ) can I make a fuckin ' phone call ? FBI agent # 4 ( block she way as she try to get by he ) hey , ho -hold it for a minute . you can make a phone call , but you do not have to talk to we like that . jennifer ( slam the phone down on a table ) hey - int . tangier cashier' cage - day nance be talk to a cashier behind the cage when FBI agent with Gaming board investigator duprey and austin enter the casino . FBI agent # 5 FBI ! do not be alarmed . nance rush out a back door . nicky ( v.o. ) but they get almost everybody else . FBI agent # 5 this area be seize . duprey grab everything in sight . FBI agent # 6 right . duprey ( walk through a door into the cage ) get the master account list ! austin I want all that papers seize , regardless of what they be . as austin and the other make they way into the soft count room , a agent put up a yellow crime banner across the front of the cashier 's window . austin I want this area off-limit to everybody . int . tangier soft count room - day the counter look on as several agent seize the money box and stack of cash from the glass table . duprey sift through the Count room executive 's notebook . austin be at a cabinet look through a ledger . austin ( holding the book ) ah , yes , here we be . a little crap figure . [ actual amount take from crap table before the skim . ] hey - hey . ace ( v.o. ) Green ? int . green' malibu house - night GREEN , wear a tennis outfit and hold a racquet , be be question by FBI agent # 8 who 's show he confiscate papers . several agent be search the house . ace ( v.o. ) do not even ask . FBI agent # 8 thirty thousand dollar ... GREEN no , he do not . and that 's why it be not valid . I be be extort , all right ? I be willing to tell you whatever you want to know . I have get nothin ' to hide here . nicky ( v.o. ) now , for the best ... int . piscano' house , live - room , kansas CITY - day FBI agent # 9 remove some ledger from a a filing cabinet . nicky ( v.o. ) ... and I could not believe this shit . piscano 's expense report take the cake . agent be wander around the house , look for evidence . FBI agent # 9 oh , this be good . bingo ! nicky ( v.o. ) he might as well have give they a fuckin ' blueprint . everybody 's name , address , date , everything . FBI agent # 9 ( cross the room to piscano ) look at this ! that you so much , Mr piscano . how considerate of you . appreciate it . piscano that be my m- that be my mother 's book . FBI agent # 10 you be under arrest . nicky ( v.o. ) what a fuckin ' balloon head . piscano get more and more agitate as FBI agent # 10 get one cuff on he . piscano what be you guy doin ' ?! piscano gasp and clutches he chest , have a heart attack . the agent drop the cuff and try to help piscano as he collapse onto the floor . FBI agent # 10 take it easy , artie . we just want to talk to you . piscano' wife and the FBI agent kneel down beside he . piscano' wife ( scream ) artie , be you okay ? sweetheart ? honey ? wait a minute ! he 's sick ! artie ! oh , God ! she continue to scream as the agent try to revive he . FBI agent # 10 ( to piscano 's wife ) move back ! come on ! FBI agent # 9 Dave ! piscano' wife he 's sick ! it 's he heart ! FBI agent # 9 cpr ! now ! piscano' wife oh , God , be he breathe ? he 's not breathe ! a FBI agent give he mouth - to-mouth . ace ( v.o. ) poor artie . he get so upset he have a heart attack and drop dead right there in front of he wife . FBI agent # 9 and # 10 restrain piscano be hysterical wife . piscano' wife artie ! FBI agent # 10 calm down ! calm down ! piscano' wife no , I will not calm down ! he 's my husband ! FBI agent # 10 stay out of the way ! piscano' wife artie ! artie ! FBI agent # 10 we can not help he if - ext . ace' house - day ace open he front door and be confront by two FBI agent . he be show picture of nicky and ginger at the construction site . ace ( v.o. ) ( quietly ) and at the end of the day , they finally come to see I with the picture . FBI agent # 1 ( point to the picture ) why protect a friend who betrayed you like that ? ace ( v.o. ) but I do not want to look at them . I do not want to look at the guy who bring them either . ace refuse to look at the photo and quietly close the door on the agent . int . federal court -house - day gaggi , forlano , borelli and capelli be all in court . forlano and capelli be breathe through mask and oxygen tank with nearby doctor and nurse . gaggi have a cane in front of he . several court spectator look on . we hear the boss ' lawyer speak . lawyer you honor , as you can see , my client be elderly and infirm . any incarceration could pose a serious health risk . they be no danger to the community and they pose no flight risk . nicky ( v.o. ) when the boss be arrest , some of them be so old they need doctor at they arraignment . lawyer and pre-trial service recommend that bail remain as presently set . judge ( Calling a recess ) we be go to take a ten-minute recess . the judge pound he gavel . nicky ( v.o. ) and when it look like they could get twenty - five year ... the boss , they nurse and lawyer file through a side court door . nicky ( v.o. ) ...to life in prison , just for skimmin ' a casino ... sick or no fuckin ' sick , you know people be gonna get clipped . so , the day of the arraignment , they have this meeting right in the back of the court-house . int . court -house conference room - day the boss be gather around a conference table as the lawyer and nurse silently walk out the door as if on cue . nicky ( v.o. ) see , when something like this happen , you know how thing be gonna work out . it 's always better with no witness . so , what about Andy ? the camera pan from one boss to the other . forlano ( put down he oxygen mask once the door behind he be shut ) he will not talk . Stone be a good kid . stand - up guy , just like he old man . that 's the way I see it . borelli I agree . he 's solid . a fuckin' Marine . capelli ( holding he oxygen mask ) he 's okay . he always be . remo , what do you think ? gaggi ( pause ) look ... why take a chance ? at least , that 's the way I feel about it . ext . back home restaurant , strip mall parking lot - day andy stone and he lawyer be walk toward they car . stone you call artie ... and you tell he I do not care what , he 's gotta be in my office Thursday morning before eleven o'clock . lawyer it 's do . his lawyer veer to the leave , walk away from stone who keep talk . lawyer ( o.s. ) it 's do . stone ( to himself ) it 's terribly important . I gotta have a conversation with this guy . that 's all . gaggi 's man , curly and beeper , appear from behind stone and shoot he dead . they empty they silent half - load round into stone even after he 's down on the snowy ground . they walk away discreetly , leave he partially hide between car . nicky ( v.o. ) as much as they like he , I mean , he be not one of we . he be not italian . as far as they know , he could have talk . otherwise , Stony might still be alive . montage of murder : ext . nance's costa rican house - day title in : costa rica the camera move down a waterfall to reveal nance 's Spanish - style house . nicky ( v.o. ) the first one to skip be John nance . he find a nice , warm secluded place in costa rica . he think nobody would find he there . several gunshot be hear . nance emerge from the house through a door and run along a verandah to another door . he break a pane of glass , unlock another door and run in . beeper emerge from the first door and follow he back into the house . several more shot be hear . nance emerge from yet another door , only this time he 's be shot in the stomach . he painfully stagger away from the hitmen . nicky ( v.o. ) but , then , he kid get nab by the fed for drug , and so naturally the boss be afraid he would come out of hidin ' just to save he kid and give them all up . so ... curly and beeper come out of the house and approach nance from behind . curly hey , where you goin ' , jag-off ? nance kneel down . curly point he gun expertly at the top of nance 's head and fire . blood splatter from nance 's mouth and he fall to the ground . the gunman walk away . nicky ( v.o. ) but anyway , they , you know , they all have to follow . ext . hole in the desert - dusk a bound count room exec and a clerk be kneel next to a large pit in the esert ground in front of beeper and curly . nicky ( v.o. ) everybody go down . the clerk groan as he 's shot in the head by beeper . blood splatter and he fall right into the pre-dug hole . count room exec go ahead , fuck ... curly fuck you . curly shoot the exec in the head , he too fall backward into the pit . the gunman fire more round into the body , then toss they gun into the hole . nicky ( v.o. ) before you know it ... ext . parking lot - night richie , a sharply dress tangier exec , be get into he new lincoln . nicky ( v.o. ) ... anybody who know anything wound up gettin' whacked . curly sneak up from behind and hit the exec with a lead pipe . he put a plastic bag over he head and begin to choke he to death . the exec struggle a bit but the bag soon fill with blood . curly strike he with the pipe one last time . int . beverly sunset motel - night the camera pan away from a empty registration desk to a motel corridor . ginger ( o.s. ) ( gasp ) oh ! oh , no ! no ... the camera move past several room along a cinder block wall . ace ( v.o. ) after Ginger take off , she be not much help to anybody . she find some pimp , low -life , druggy and biker in LA . and in a few month , they go through all the money and all the jewel . suddenly , a door open and ginger overdose , stagger into the hall look for help . she gasp , go halfway down the seedy corridor towards the desk , but collapse and die . freeze frame on ginger sprawled out on the motel carpet . ace ( v.o. ) after they find she body ... I have a private doctor do another autopsy . he say they give she ... a hot dose . in the end ... all she have leave be thirty - six hundred in mint-condition coin . end of montage ext . tony roma' restaurant parking lot - day ace emerge from the restaurant , smoking a cigarette as in the first scene in the film . he get into he car to start the ignition . ace ( v.o. ) no matter what the fed or the papers might have say about my car bombing ... flame surge from the windshield , conceal ace behind the wheel . flashback : ext . tony roma' restaurant parking lot - day the sign above he read : ' tony roma 's a place for rib ' . ace be leave the restaurant and walk to he car . ace ( v.o. ) ... it be amateur night , and you could tell . whoever it be , they put the dynamite under the passenger side . but what they do not know , what nobody outside the factory know , be that that model car be make with a metal plate under the driver 's seat . it 's the only thing that save my life . ace open he car door and get in . int . ace' car , tony roma' restaurant parking lot - day ace turn on the ignition and we see two - and three - inch flame come out of the defroster vent . everything go silent as he be suddenly engulf in flame . the car explode in flame two storey high . the screen fill with the rise explosion of smoke and fire . ace ( v.o. ) the bombing be never authorize , but I suspect I know who light the fuse . ext . midwest cornfield - day nicky , dominick and marino get out of a car on a farm road for a meeting . fat sally , a heavy - set wiseguy , be already there . fat sally ( o.s. ) hey , nicky . ace ( v.o. ) and so do the power that be . nicky hey , mikey , how 's you hernia ? they shake hand . fat sally how you doin ' ? marino approach nicky from behind . nicky ( v.o. ) it take month for ... flashback : ext . midwest cornfield - day nicky 's car drive up the farm road to meet he crew . nicky : ( v.o. ) ... everything to calm down , but finally my guy get out on bail and the boss want I to send my brother dominick out to Vegas . always the dollar , always the fuckin ' ... nicky , dominick and marino get out of the car to greet fat sally . hardy , fusco and beeper be also wait there , smile . nicky ( v.o. ) ... dollar . I mean , it be still way too hot for I to even go near Vegas , so I set up a meeting with the guy way out in the stick . I do not want my brother to get fuck around . nicky shake hand with sally . fusco walk up to say hello . nicky ( v.o. ) I mean , what 's right be right . they do not give a fuck about - urgghh ! marino hit nicky in the back with a bat . fat sally grab he by the throat . hardy and beeper hold dominick by the arm . marino hit nicky 's leg with the bat . fat sally huh ? come on , you fuckin ' rat . dominick fuck ! you ... fusco and fat sally pin nicky down and hold he face straight ahead , force he to watch he brother be beat . dominick ( to marino ) ... rat motherfucker ! you rat mother - marino hit dominick in the shoulder with the bat . marino tough guy ! you and you f- ( he strike dominick 's chest ) fuckin ' brother ! dominick oh , you - ! nicky try to look away . marino no more ! fat sally get he , Marino ! marino ( hitting dominick across the neck ) you fuckin ' scumbag ! the wiseguy hold nicky 's face so he have to see he brother . marino ( lung the bat into dominick 's stomach ) no more . he swing the bat across he head , knock dominick on the ground . nicky ( still pin , scream ) frankie ! marino ( look at nicky as he strike dominick ) no more ! you see ? watch ! hardy and beeper join marino . all three be beat dominick with baseball bat . nicky ( held down by he neck ) frankie ! frankie , you piece of shit ! marino fuck you , you motherfuck ! the camera tilt down to dominick 's bloody face as the three continue to beat he to death . nicky fuckin ' punk , motherfucker ! piece of shit ! nicky try to stand up but fat sally and fusco keep he down . marino no more fuckin ' dirty work ! nicky ( Rolling over on he back in pain ) no , no , no , no ! marino ( to hardy and beeper ) take he out ! take this motherfucker out ! they drag dominick by he foot . marino swing at he with two bat as he 's take away into the cornfield . ext . midwest cornfield , grave site - day , a little later dominick be batter and bloody . marino , hardy and beeper stand over he , still swinging they bat . nicky be on he side , still hold down by sally and fusco . his face be a little bloody . nicky ( whimper , as they beat dominick ) dominick ! oh , dominick . oh , dom. frankie . ( plead for he brother 's life . ) frankie , leave the kid alone . he 's still breathin' . he 's still breathin' . leave he alone . frankie . marino swing two final blow to dominick 's head . nicky look away , sobbing . marino all right . Strip he . marino and he hood remove dominick 's pants and shirt . nicky ( sob as they undress he brother ) no ball , you get no fuckin ' ball . oh , dominick . oh , dom . nicky sob . they drag dominick toward a freshly dig grave and toss he limp , barely conscious body into it . nicky ( crying quietly ) dominick . dominick . ( sob . ) dominick . nicky look up to marino . they share a look before marino swing he bat , strike nicky 's head . freeze frame on marino . unfreeze - live action continue . marino and he man start beat nicky , who groan and spit blood as he be strike . ext . midwest cornfield , grave site - day , a little later nicky be stripped down to he underwear . hardy and fusco drag he to the grave and dump he over dominick . marino come on , come on . bury them . marino and beeper look on as the other hood begin the tedious work of toss dirt on to the body , shovel by shovel , until they be cover up to they neck . we see nicky 's face , bloody and batter . he 's still breathe and groan . ace ( v.o. ) the word be out . the boss have have enough of nicky . they have enough . how much be they gonna take ? so , they make a example of he and he brother . they bury they while they be still breathe . a full shovel of dirt land upon nicky 's face and chest with a thud . int . ace' car , tony roma' restaurant parking lot - dusk ace be engulf in flame . his jacket catch fire . he open the door and roll out onto the pavement , barely escape a smaller explosion . he lie on the floor as a ball of fire rise behind he . two man pull he away from the car . man # 1 mister , you all right ? man # 2 watch out , the -! ace watch as he car explode in flame . ash and debris fall on ace and the two man . man # 2 mister , you all right ? ace ( daze ) yeah . ace ( v.o. ) they have other idea for I . ext . tony roma' restaurant parking lot - night ace be be wheeled to a ambulance on a stretcher . there be firemen and policeman in the background . ambulance driver ( as ace be wheeled into the rear of the ambulance ) you sure be lucky , mister . ace 's face disappear into the ambulance . flashback : ext . tony roma' restaurant parking lot - day ace 's car explode . Music in : J. S. bach - ' St Matthew Passion ' . ext . the dune HOTEL and casino - night the casino be be levele - actuality footage . ext . the mgm grand HOTEL and casino - night the brand - new 5,000 - room hotel with its entrance shape like the mgm lion 's head . ace ( v.o. ) the town will never be the same . after the ... ext . the dune HOTEL and casino - night the hotel and casino implode , fill the screen with fire and smoke . ace ( v.o. ) ... tangier , the big corporation take it all over . today it look like ... int . casino - day slow motion of tourist walk into a casino look like the live dead . ace ( v.o. ) ... disneyland . int . treasure island HOTEL and casino - night a crowd gather to watch a mock pirate ship sink in a tank . ace ( v.o. ) and while the kid play cardboard pirate , mommy and daddy drop the house payment and junior 's college money ... ext . the dune HOTEL and casino - night the casino be destroy floor by floor by explosion . ace ( v.o. ) ...on the poker slot . ext . the excalibur HOTEL and casino - night another 5,000 room hotel build like a arthurian castle . ace ( v.o. ) in the old day , dealer know you name , what you drank , what you play . today , it 's like checkin ' into a airport . and if you order room service , you be lucky if you get it by Thursday . ext . the dune HOTEL and casino - night the casino marquee topple to the ground in flame . ace ( v.o. ) today , it 's all go . you get a whale show up with four million in a ... int . casino - day the live dead walk down a few step , marvel at the huge casino . ace ( v.o. ) ... suitcase , and some twenty - five - year - old hotel school kid be gonna want he Social Security number . ext . the dune HOTEL and casino - night the casino collapse into smoke and dust . ace ( v.o. ) after the teamster get ... ext . the mirage HOTEL and casino - night a 4000 room hotel with a 60 - foot volcano out front . tourist watch it belch smoke and flame . ace ( v.o. ) ... knock out of the box , the corporation tore down practically every one of the old casinos . and where do the money come from ... ext . the luxor HOTEL and casino - night a giant glass pyramid 30 storey high with a huge sphinx outside . ace ( v.o. ) ...to rebuild the pyramid ?... junk bond . ext . ace' san diego luxury home - day title in : san diego a house very much like ace 's house in Vegas , include the fact that it back up on a golf course . we see ace inside talk on the phone with a bookie . ace ( into telephone ) still not sure ? int . ace' san diego luxury home - day a older , grayer ace be alone in he live - room with tv set , fax machine and multiple phone line . he be surround by newspaper and file . he be very much the way we see he during he earlier handicapping day . race announcer ( from a television set ) they be off and run ... ace ( into telephone ) probable , but may be questionable . all right . well , let I know as soon as you can find out . ace set he cordless phone down and jot a few note on a racing form . a television set show a football game in the background . ace ( v.o. ) but in the end , I wound up right back where I start . I could still pick winner , and I could still make money for all kind of people back home . and why mess up a good thing ? and that 's that . he take off he glass , and gaze ahead . fade to black