cast away by William broyles third draft March 13 , 1998 fade in : ext . marfa , TEXAS - 1993 - wide - day the Texas plain , horizon to horizon , nothing but the brown and ochre of earth and the blue and violet of the sky . the sheer scope of it sink in : the blank slate of nature , the absence of man . on the screen superimpose : marfa , TEXAS , 1993 . credit begin . a plume of dust come into frame . the dust be from a truck , orange and white and violet , with " fedex " blazon across the side . the truck turn into a collection of ramshackle World War ii era quonset hut and outbuilding . around the outbuilding be large sculpture of wood and metal . ext . quonset hut - day the door be open by a woman in she late twenty . Hair pull back , casual , a artist . she hand the driver a fedex BOX which be decorate with a draw of two angel wing . the Driver have a hand -held computer ; a portable printer dangle from he belt . the Driver scan the package with he hand -held computer , print out a label and stick it on the box , ready to go . but something on the box catch she eye . she want it back . he glance at he watch . she draw ring around the wing , unite they . she give the box to the Driver , then hand he a cup of coffee . they have do this before . he take a sip of the coffee , then run for the truck . he jump in and head back onto the plain . ext . fedex office - midland / odessa - night - hour later the Driver jam the distinctive angel wing box on top of a dolly and load it into a container with clear plastic side . a female loader slap a large bar code label on the container , scan it , then pull the container across a belt of roller onto a larger truck . the door of the truck close . the latch slam down . a forklift hoist the container to the cargo door of a 737 . ext . memphis airport superhub - night the 737 land . ext . superhub - night - minute later one of a seemingly endless line of fedex plane , we 737 taxi to a gate at the fedex superhub . the hub be a vast live organism -- loud , complex , overwhelming , as much a symbol of modern life as be the factory in modern Times . five thousand people work in a frenzy of interconnected activity inside three vast hanger brightly light . hundred of forklift and cargo- puller dart about , they headlight crisscross like a laser show . loader quickly roll the container onto a forklift . int . memphis superhub - night the forklift speed inside one of the hanger to a loading belt , where we box be spill into a Mississippi River of package , hundred of thousand of they , all shape and size , from shoe box to engine block . large mechanical arm divert the immense flow of worker at dozen of station . the package surge and move . the worker place the package label - side - up on new belt , where they be scan by laser reader . pick up speed we box be shunt across the acre of interlock belt . the box end up in a much larger container label CDG . ext . memphis superhub - night a forklift lift the container to a door on a giant md - 11 . int . global operation CENTER - night a jumble room jamme with computer and dominate by a huge wall graphic that chart hundred of airplane . a Operator move a yellow strip label jumbo 12 across the board . ext . charle do gaulle airport - day series of shot the giant place touch down in Paris . the angel wing box move quickly on another belt and disappear into another container , which be load onto still another airplane . ext . ST . petersburg airport , russia - night the plane land . the container be unload down a belt . we see we angel box . directly in front of it be a dented BOX . int . ST . petersburg fedex office , russia series of shot night . the manic activity have come to a dead stop . we two box sit on a table in a corner not far from a small Christmas tree . daylight now . yuri , a supervisor , saunter over , pick up the angel box , see a attractive co-worker , put it down . night again . a cat walk by the table where we two box have come to rest . ext . ST . petersburg fedex office - day a fedex truck pull out of the warehouse . the wall of the warehouse be cover with graffiti . the street be slushy , the building blankete in snow . ext . ST . petersburg - day the Driver sit in the truck drink tea . he take a last sip , sigh , get out with the angel box . walk slowly toward a apartment house . ext . ST . petersburg apartment house - moment later a beautiful young russian woman open the door . a young american man come up behind she , sign the form and take the angel box . we see Christmas decoration inside . the woman put she arm around he as the door close . russian woman ( o.s. ) ( accented English ) it 's pretty . who be it from ? american man ( o.s. ) my wife . we stay with the Driver as he amble back toward the truck . ext . ST . petersburg office - moment later the Driver have just deliver the dent box to aleksei , Russian businessman , who close the door of a czarist - era building . Aleksei check he watch , pick up the phone . ext . fedex office - manila - day chuck noland , early thirty , walk along a line of brightly color jitney , each bear the fedex logo . with he be a filipino fedex supervisor wear a guayabera . Chuck glisten with a thin layer of sweat . chuck my guess be we be talk fuel filter here , Fernando . the gas be dirty , this jitney get in the mountain , they engine cut out . fernando that could lose we half a hour . chuck easy . each way . his beeper go off . int . fedex office - manila - day - moment later Chuck be on the phone . chuck so it finally turn up ... Chuck hesitates for a moment , then look at he watch . chuck I will catch the sweep tonight . int . fedex plane - night strapped into the jump seat behind the pilot , Chuck sleep with a mask over he eye . on he lap be some travel brochure . we see sailboat , we see the Florida key . ext . ST . petersburg fedex office - day Christmas in Russia . snow everywhere . brightly color light . chuck get out of a volga with Aleksei . he have a bag over he shoulder , the dent package under one arm . int . fedex office - day the staff have assemble near the load dock . yuri the station manager stand in front , occasionally catch the eye of the attractive woman . Chuck display the fedex box . chuck it take this test package thirty - two hour to get from Seattle to St. Petersburg , a distance of nine thousand mile . and then it take forty - one hour to get from we warehouse in St. Petersburg to here , a distance of , what -- aleksei six kilometer . four mile . chuck so how be we go to get this place shape up ? there 's a muttere chorus of answer . chuck there 's only one way . we have to work together . every one of we depend on everyone else . if one package be late , we be all late . if one truck miss the deadline , we all miss the deadline . let 's start by take a look around . Chuck lead he team through the sorting area . yuri squeeze right next to he , ostentatiously carry a clipboard . Chuck stop . chuck here , this table be too far from the wall . package can slip down ... like ... ( pull out a package from behind a table ) ... this . he heft the package , as if try to guess what 's inside . chuck what could be in here ? let 's say one of you send it . could be the close papers on you dacha , could be a toy for you grandson 's birthday , could be a kidney to keep you mother alive . I do not think you want you mother 's kidney to end up behind a table . the sorter shove the table against the wall . yuri say something to the translator . translator he say they have be very busy . it be hard to get good employee . he be sure you understand . wrong answer : Chuck glance sharply at yuri . Aleksei appear with a cellular phone . aleksei phone call . Malaysia . Chuck take the phone , open he bag as he do so . chuck kamal ? right . I be get they . he pull out a set of blueprint and tack they to a bulletin board as he talk . chuck I be look at the blueprint of k.l. right now . the belt be too small for the sorter . yeah , sometimes you never see what 's right in front of you face . look , it 's -- Chuck keep a eye on what be go on in the warehouse . then he notice something over by one of the truck . chuck ( to a loader ) hold it ! hazardous material need its own container ! ( back on the phone ) -- three in the afternoon there , right ? that give you five hour until the sweep come through . do the sort by hand tonight , then put in a new feeder belt , say a twenty - four incher . yes , overtime be authorize . he hang up the phone . he turn to the crew . chuck I be go out on every route , I be go to work every job here , until I know enough to help you . that 's it . the crew disperse back to work . Chuck and Aleksei walk toward the office . they have do this before . Chuck let a corner of he command persona slip . aleksei it 's bad . chuck worse than Warsaw . aleksei nobody remember that . chuck the failure they remember . it 's the success they forget . ext . ST . petersburg - day - moment later a fedex truck pull out of the fedex office . Chuck be inside . he notice the graffiti on the wall . int . truck - moment later Chuck ride next to lev , the driver , a serious sort . the translator squat on some box between they , try to keep he balance . chuck you sort you package before you leave . none of the other driver do . the translator and lev exchange a few word . translator he say he want to be organize . do package in order . Chuck look at lev with respect . right answer . chuck so how come the other driver have not leave yet ? the translator ask lev , who look at he as if he be crazy , then snort a answer . the translator blushes . translator he say -- he be a very rude fellow -- chuck tell I exactly what he say . translator he say why do not he fart smell sweet ? Chuck grin . lev shrug and say something else . translator he say that 's just the way it be . chuck lev -- it 's lev , right ? listen , this be fedex . we do not have to accept the way it be . ext . HOTEL - ST . petersburg a weary Chuck enter the hotel . in the sky above he we see the Northern light . he do not even look up . int . HOTEL room - night - later Chuck be watch CNN on the television , work he powerbook , and hold the phone . chuck no , keep try . a circuit 's bound to open up . he hang up . chuck ( to himself ) that damn Northern light . just then the light go off . for a moment everything be darkness . then a small light switch on . Chuck have a headlamp on . he get up , head into the bathroom . we stay in the bedroom . after only a moment , the light reemerges . it head over to he bag . we go with it . Chuck take out a roll of toilet paper . the guy be prepare for anything . he go into the bathroom , close the door . the light come back on just as the phone ring . we hear scuffling sound on the other side of the door . Chuck charge out , hold up he pants . grab the phone . chuck hello ? great . try it . he wait . we hear a answering machine . kelly ( v.o. ) this be Kelly , leave I a message and I will call you back soon as I can . this be not what Chuck want to hear . chuck Kelly , damn , look , this be Chuck . I be go to be a little late . well , more than a little . I have to go to Russia . could not be help . could you call and cancel the trip ? look , we will sail the key in March . it 's better then anyway . I will be back before Christmas . I promise . I think . I mean , I will . I , uh -- he 's stumbling over whether to say I love you . chuck I miss you . he gently hang up the phone . int . fedex office - ST . petersburg - series of shot a surprised yuri stand with the attractive assistant as Chuck take he clipboard away . a even more surprised lev stand by he truck as Chuck hand the clipboard to he . Chuck and the loader clean off the graffiti . work alongside the sorter as the package come in , Chuck point out how to organize the inflow . Chuck and lev go over large map of St. Petersburg with the driver . int . fedex warehouse - ST . petersburg - week later a big semi be be load with outgo package for the airport run . Aleksei , Chuck , lev and the office executive watch as container be roll on . lev we have never get all the truck in on time . never . chuck look at the clock . chuck only one still leave ? lev Route six . Aleksei point at the big semi . aleksei if we do not send it now we may miss the connection in Paris . the pressure in on . Chuck look around at he team . chuck ( to Aleksei ) give it five minute . ext . fedex office - ST . petersburg - minute later the last truck roll in . int . fedex office - ST . petersburg the last truck enter and load dock . a few loader move toward it . the executive all stand and watch . but not Chuck . he 's hand on . chuck let 's go . he head toward the truck and begin pull off package . all the other executive follow he . int . fedex office - ST . petersburg - minute later led by Chuck , who work like a man possess , they sort the package . chuck that 's bermuda . bermuda be in the Memphis through container . no , azore be Europe . he gesture at a close container . chuck the Paris container . Africa too . Japan go to Memphis . Chuck be everywhere , set the example . the whole office be energize , work together . int . fedex office - ST . petersburg - minute later they load the last container on the wait truck . Chuck pound the truck on the side . go. the truck roar out of the load dock . everyone take a breath . they be happy , proud . lev we do it . all of they . chuck great job , everyone . remember , work together . we be like a hand ... they have hear this before . lev hold up he hand just before Chuck do . lev one finger , weak . all finger work together , strong . this make Chuck smile . chuck you get it . ext . charle do gaulle airport - day a fedex md - 11 be be load with huge container of freight . Chuck go up the gangway next to the forklift . int . md - 11 - moment later the pilot -- jack and gwen -- be go down they check list . Chuck stick he head in the cockpit . chuck I absolutely , positively , have to get to Memphis overnight . jack can not help you . try ups . chuck Jack -- gotta be something wrong with we physical , you keep get certified to fly . gwen , be not you worried ? gwen terrify . chuck we be on time , right ? jack on time , Chuck . Chuck hand Jack and gwen small package . chuck Little present from the emerge republic . another fedex Road warrior name stan get on . he and Chuck be obviously old hand at this . chuck what connect the world ? what make it one ? ( they ignore he ) we do . fedex . gwen you be such a lifer . stan what do you expect , from the guy who steal a kid 's bicycle when he truck break down ? chuck borrow . I borrow it . the two of they strap in . stan how would it go ? chuck great . terrific . the good guy win one for a change . he 's finish a tough job . he 's relaxed and on he way home . but Stan 's he boss , and Stan 's get bad news . stan I have to bump you plane last night . Chuck can not believe it . chuck you what ? stan it be fifteen minute late . the plane begin to taxi . chuck I check the weather , you have the jet stream , you could have make it up . stan but I might not have . chuck Jesus . I get it work ... you have no idea how hard it be ... they be finally a team ... stan I be touch . chuck you fuck we over . stan the point of fedex , as I understand it , be to make the damn connection . chuck I be make a point . stan what ? let Paris hold its plane ? let Memphis take care of it ? let somebody down the line clean up you mess ? chuck every person count , every package count , that 's my point . stan you know what you problem be ? you just see the package in front of you . you do not see the big picture . chuck baloney . I do see the damn " big picture . " ext . charle do gaulle airport - night the md - 11 take off . int . md - 11 - night Chuck be focus on he powerbook with the screen away from we , Stan be do tai chi amidst the fedex container . it feel a little surreal , all that container surround they . Stan come over , look at the image on the computer . it 's a sailboat with some technical specification under it . stan I do not know we have sailboat . chuck it 's a ketch Kelly and I have charter . stan for all that vacation day you get come . Chuck do not look up . chuck and never take . stan look , I be sorry about you plane . but I could not risk be late into Memphis . chuck forget it . stan you know General mclelland , he would not attack unless he have everything just right . finally abe lincoln come to he and say , General , if you be not go to use my army , could I borrow it for a while ? so he give it to grant and grant just say , let 's go . chuck I be from Arkansas . tell I a story with Robert E. Lee in it and maybe I will pay attention . stan we be warrior , not desk jockey . we have get to be bold . you always want all you duck line up . but nothing 's 100 percent . it 's always 60 - 40 , maybe 51 - 49 . Hell , I would take 40 - 60 . then roll the dice . chuck that 's why you be a gambling man . stan that 's why I be run foreign and you be not . that 's why you be not marry and I be . chuck for the third time . stan take the plunge , admit you mistake , move on to tomorrow . that 's fedex , that 's woman , that 's life . Stan be so outrageous , Chuck can not help but laugh . chuck you be one sick fucker . stan I be try to help you here . there 's Warsaw , there 's this -- chuck this be nothing like Warsaw . I hold the truck then minute , it 's not that big a deal . but apparently it be . stan look , that kid ' bike , that 's a guy who will do what it take to get there on time . live up to you legend , that 's all I be say . Chuck reach in he pocket , pull out a bill . chuck a hundred ruble St. Petersburg hit 95 percent in a month . stan ninety five percent ? just give I the money now . chuck talk be cheap . be we on or not ? stan we be on . Chuck close the powerbook . chuck let 's go off-line . they both take out they valium -- the price they pay for be such road warrior . chuck two valium ... Stan put on he walkman . stan and the Stones . get to be . it 's they ritual . Chuck put headphone from he walkman over he ear , put a mask over he eye and lean he head back onto the headrest . we hear the Rolling Stones . ext . memphis airport - night - wide the md - 11 arrive at its gate . the cargo door open . forklift and a gangway roll up to the side . int . md - 11 - night Stan stand smile over Chuck . stan Chuck . wake up Chuck . Chuck pull off the mask , take out the earplug . he manage a groggy grin . stan you gotta do you own delivery from here . int . superhub - night Chuck walk through the extraordinary nexus of speed package that intersect in intricate path above and around he . this be the beat center of the fedex world , the crossroad , the deep core where everything connect . in he still - drugge state it all seem weirdly psychedelic . a Christmas tree go by , then a huge plastic Santa Claus , both with shipping label . ext . chickasaw garden - memphis - night Chuck 's car pull into the driveway of a small cottage in a older Memphis neighborhood . the radio be play the news . int . chuck house - moment later Chuck drop he briefcase and he bag . the place be a jumble of clothes , papers , book , etc . in the live room be a tank of tropical fish . the water look a little green . no bubbles be come from the filter . uh oh . Chuck walk to the tank . he tighten a piece of tape that hold the power cord onto the filter , tap the filter with he finger , once , twice ... the bubbles start again . chuck damn thing . but for a couple of fish float on top of the tank it 's too late . Chuck get out he scoop and slowly skim they off . chuck sorry , I be really sorry . ext . chuck house - back yard Chuck dig a small hole in the back yard with a large kitchen spoon . drop the dead fish in . fill the hole . int . chuck house - later the CD be play . Chuck lie in bed , switch on the tv . this be no good . he do not care how late it be , he 's go to find Kelly . ext . memphis - night - later Chuck drive in he car through the street of Memphis . ext . university - night Chuck pull up to a lab building at Memphis State . int . lab - night two doctoral candidate be play doom on they computer when Chuck walk in . chuck you see Kelly frear ? one of they gesture toward a door . guy xerox machine . int . hallway - night Chuck make he way in the semi-darkness past rack after rack of specimen in bottle . ahead of he we see the flash green light of a xerox machine . int . xerox room the light go off . kelly lean over the machine , bang on it . kelly sonofabitch ! chuck hey , be nice to it , it will be nice to you . surprise , Kelly turn to greet Chuck . kelly Chuck ! you be back ! she leap into he arm . kelly you eye be puffy . do you take valium again ? chuck you smell like formaldehyde . Kelly look over at the xerox . kelly my last chapter 's in there , and the damn machine 's jamme . chuck let 's take a look . he lift up the cover . kelly how be Russia ? chuck cold . kelly do not overwhelm I with detail , you know how I hate that . do you get it fix ? chuck I think I do . he pries up one feeder , then another . chuck get to follow the paper path here . kelly Chuck , forget the xerox . so Russia do not turn out well ? but Chuck do not want to talk . he 's focus on the machine . chuck use to you could fix this yourself . she pull he out of the machine . he have toner on he finger . kelly Chuck . chuck what do you want I to say ? that I think I would do a great job but it all turn to shit ? that I might as well have go sailing for all the good I do ? kelly yeah , tell I . tell I all of it . he suddenly look really tired . kelly you do not even know what time it be . what day it be . he turn to the xerox in frustration . chuck and I can not fix this damn machine . she look at he . kelly come on . int . kelly office - moment later a tiny cubicle with a door . she close it , take some paper towel out of the desk , wipe he finger . kelly we be on the deck of the ketch , the air 's soft , the water 's clear as crystal ... she lick the last bit of toner off he finger . chuck that 's carcinogenic . she ignore that , stay with the fantasy . kelly we be cover with suntan lotion and sweat . we skin be so hot , it 's glow ... and she come closer to he . kelly we could take a swim . she 's really close now . chuck on the other hand we could not take a swim ... they squiggle themselves onto the desk . int . lab - night someone kick the door shut . now the figure be in silhouette , light by the light in the office . and then the light go out . ext . fedex office - next morning a nondescript office park near the airport . no sign . Chuck 's car screech into the parking lot . he jump out , glance at this watch , and head for the building at a run . int . executive conference room - moment later a large room dominate by a animated map of the world . light at various location blink and flash . above the map be a large sign say " here today , go tomorrow " and two huge digital clock -- one keep time , the other a countdown clock for that day 's package sort at the superhub . the operation team of fedex sit around a large table . each have on a headset . becca twigg , the business - like senior vice president of Operations , address question to a man -- colin parker - bowle , the european operation manager -- on a large tv screen in front of she . " London " be superimpose on the screen . becca so why be Milan late , Colin ? colin one of the race horse come from Ireland get colic and have to be off - load in Brussels . that put the jumbo 15 , six hour late into Charles De gaulle . custom have difficulty locating the dutiable item ... Colin continue as Chuck , out of breath , slip under the screen and head for the one remain vacant seat -- across from Stan . next to Stan be maynard graham , a mba system man . becca address a question over to Stan . becca Stan , can we get p&amp ; a down to work with Milan custom ? stan we be already on it . becca good . and let 's look at we live animal policy . I do not think the income stream justify delay ip product , especially at Christmas . Colin disappear . a red light go on . becca push a button . another face come on the screen . " oakland " appear under the face . becca stand by , benson , we be still wrapping up foreign . she turn pointedly to Chuck . becca Chuck , thanks for join we . status ? Chuck swallow nervously , try to talk matter - of - factly . chuck becca , as you know St. Petersburg be consistently run late by six to ten hour -- sometimes a full day or more . I replace the station manager . we identify inefficiency and work out a quality improvement plan I believe can be meet . maynard you replace the station manager with a driver . a local with no knowledge of we system . becca should not you have bring in someone from Memphis ? Russia be priority one . maynard James pottinger be available . the process be be rip out of Chuck 's hand . he struggle to get a answer . stan he 's a number cruncher . Chuck 's do all the right thing here ... Stan be do he best to back up Chuck . chuck Jim 's a terrific financial man , no question . but we can not always parachute in from Memphis . we have get to build up we local staff . maynard we have get to improve foreign on - time , that 's what we have get to do . if this new guy 's so good , how come the very first plane he send miss the connection in Paris ? maynard know how to go for the jugular . everyone look at Chuck . chuck we be building a new team here . we get every package on the truck for the first time ever . success be the best teacher . maynard I do not call miss the plane a success . everyone look at Chuck . ext . kelly house - day - late that afternoon Chuck lug a big package up to the door , knock on it . Kelly open the door . kelly merry Christmas eve . chuck not if you work for fedex . int . kelly house - day Chuck enter as they keep talk . her house be cozy but also where she work . there 's a computer , specimen jar , and some terrarium with frog inside . a Christmas tree with package under it . kelly you break four million package last night ? in the b.g. one of the package by the Christmas tree be start to shake on its own . chuck four four . a record . kelly you do not seem too happy about it . chuck ah , the staff meeting could have go better . kelly let I guess , Russia come up ? Chuck 's attention go to the tree . chuck one of that package just move . the package turn over , something dart out . it 's a puppy , with a bow around its neck . kelly merry Christmas . Chuck bend down to see the puppy . chuck hey , look at you . kelly I figure , if we could take care of a puppy , we could , you know , take care of -- a baby , she want to say , but that 's go a little fast so she catch herself . Chuck pick the puppy up . chuck he be a cute thing . kelly he 's you cute thing . chuck I can not even keep fish alive . kelly a puppy 's get a little more personality than a fish . chuck and for you -- Chuck hand over he present . kelly so do good thing come in large package ? Kelly open Chuck 's present -- a very large box . it 's a piece of luggage . chuck you know , for when you travel . kelly for when I travel ? she can not believe it . it 's the exact opposite of what she want . kelly you should have get I something that show you want we to be together , not apart . Chuck be flummox . woman read so much into thing . chuck I be not send a message . I though you would like it . Chuck 's beeper go off . kelly you should have get I a ring . he check the number . chuck I have to go . I be on call for overflow down at the hub . kelly a ring . I want a ring . chuck you do ? she nod . what to do ? chuck look , I love the puppy . I love you . but I have to go . kelly you can not go now . chuck I have to . kelly you want to . Chuck pick up the puppy . chuck what should we call he ? or be it she ? how about jango ? Kelly be have one of that moment when everything come clear . kelly this be not work out . chuck we be a little emotional here . it 's Christmas , maybe we be over- reacting . kelly " we be " not over- reacting . chuck could you watch jango ? kelly no . chuck I can not take he to work . he hand she the puppy . chuck we will talk about it when I come back . it will all be fine . really . this be not a happy woman he be leave behind . ext . kelly house - house later it 's dark now . Chuck return . the star be put on a amazing show , but he do not notice as he head for the door . int . kelly house - minute later Chuck enter . the tree and the present under it be go . chuck Kelly ? Kelly ? no answer , nothing but the sound of jango , who begin yelping in the kitchen . int . kelly house - kitchen - moment later Chuck pick up jango , who be barricade in the kitchen with some food , some water , and some wet newspaper . chuck there . there . easy now . ext . kelly house - back yard - night - minute later holding jango , Chuck walk out into the back yard . chuck Kelly ? a fire still smolder . the package have burn . the tree be a blacken mess . Chuck stare at it . ext . chuck house - next morning Chuck get into he car , put jango on the front seat next to he . pull out of the driveway . ext . arkansas highway - day Chuck be in he car , with the dog on he lap . ext . farm house - day Chuck 's car drive up to a typical Arkansas farm house . his mom be set some Christmas tree light around the door . Chuck get out of the car . there 's a large wet spot on the front of he pants . mom what happen to you pants ? chuck Mom , meet jango . Chuck display the puppy . ext . farm house - shed - day Chuck work on a old tractor in the shed . some small leg appear in he vision , then a small face . this be amanda , he niece . amanda dinner 's ready . int . farm house - kitchen - day around the table be Chuck 's brother roger , he wife mary , amanda , and she two brother . Mom bring in the turkey , place it on the table , sit down . they all hold hand and bow they head . mom Chuck ? Chuck hesitates just a moment . chuck bless we o Lord , and this thy gift , which we be about to receive , from thou bounty , through Christ the Lord . amen . roger let 's eat . ext . farm house - later that day the child burst out the door , shriek , chase by jango . int . farm house - day the grow - up be clean up after Christmas dinner . the scene move between the table , the kitchen counter , and the refrigerator . it 's a old - fashioned kitchen , simply furnish . mary how 's Kelly ? chuck great . roger think you be go to bring she . chuck so do I . mom it seem like she have such a good time last time . chuck it 's nothing you do , Mom , believe I . mary Jennifer 's still down at the post office . and she 's still get that crush on you . roger and she 's still get that -- mary Roger . roger you should have stick around . this be a old , sore subject . chuck look , I help take care of the place . you get my check , do not you Mom ? mom that new roof , that 's you do . roger you be just allergic to farming , that 's what dad say . can not stand to be alone . can not stand to be in one place . can not stand the sight of ... blood . he drop the turkey giblet into the trash . mary Roger 's go to put chicken in here . Chuck can not believe this . chuck come on Roger , this be dad all over again . you already do beefalo , chinchilla , and what be that , ostrich ? they chase Mom around the yard , sprain she hip . Mom go to the freezer and take out some freeze strawberry . mom it be not that bad , dear . mary you can not make a live out of this place . we try . chuck but chicken ? roger sixty three pound consume per capita , up from twenty seven in 1960 . go to pass beef . Chicken 's global . no religious taboos . you do not see you hindus and you Muslims boycot poultry . chuck true enough . no sacred chicken nowhere , so far as I know . mom Roger 's work at tyson 's now . Mom mash the block of freeze strawberry with a fork to separate the strawberry from the ice . chuck really ? roger come on down to the plant . it 's state of the art . we be do for chicken what fedex do for the delivery business . chuck just do not count them before they hatch . Roger grin at he . this be just how they be . roger I will try to remember that . mom dessert . they all sit down . Mom bring the slushy freeze strawberry to the table , squirt on some reddi-whip . look pointedly at Chuck . mom speak of hatching , I could sure use some more grandchild . not a timely topic with Chuck . chuck Mom , this be a farm . we have get real strawberry grow outside , we have get real cream . mom oh no , the prodigal son 's home . we bring out the store buy . Chuck take a bite , wince a little as the cold strawberry hit he tooth . ext . mom' house - later that day Chuck fix the drain pipe while Mom prune the rise bush around the porch . chuck maybe I should take a few day off . Roger 's work now , you could use some help around here ... mom do not you even think about it . chuck the place be fall apart . mom I be do fine . she look pointedly at Chuck . chuck do great , Mom , do not worry about I . mom there 's settle folk , and there 's nomad . you be just not a settle folk . you never belong here . Chuck finish the drain pipe . give it a thunk with he finger . chuck come on inside , Mom . you have have a long day . int . farm house - bedroom - night in he boyhood room , we see Chuck 's laptop , which be hook up to the internet fedex homepage . all around he be model of boat and plane , map , picture of far- off place . the room of a boy who always fantasize about get away . Chuck be beside it , slump down on the desk . asleep . ext . farm house - day his mom wave to he as Chuck drive away . int . fedex office - later that day Chuck enter he office , on the go . his assistant leslie be wait for he . chuck I need the latest pdr on St. Petersburg . leslie and how be you Christmas ? chuck terrific . your ? she nod , use to this . chuck and get I in to the dentist . my tooth 's act up . Stan enter . stan Malaysia 's tanking . we be meeting in ten in operation . chuck right. ( to Leslie ) get I everything on Indonesia , New guinea , all the way to Australia . int . operation room - minute later Chuck , Leslie , Stan and another executive from the meeting name dick be gather around the tv screen . a squawk box be on the table . chuck kamal ? kamal ? can you hear we ? the box squawk . the tv screen roll a imperfect image . dick can not we get this work ? a technician be fiddling with the tv set . technician try . chuck kamal , you be break up . can you hear we ? voice ( squawk BOX ) kamal be not here . chuck who be this ? where be kamal ? voice ( squawk BOX ) it be ibrim , I , I be a sorter . chuck what 's go on down there ? voice ( squawk BOX ) kamal be not here . we be very defuse . chuck who 's in charge then , where be chinn ? the squawk box hum and crackle . nothing . Chuck turn to the technician . stan we get telex , e-mail ? technician sure . just not get any answer . Chuck turn to Leslie . chuck when 's the next jumbo ? leslie the regular flight be schedule for oh three hundred tomorrow . chuck anything else ? leslie there 's a sweep leave Memphis in a hour , go through Sydney . stan maybe you should get you duck line up first . Chuck look over at Stan . chuck call Operations . get I on it . and Stan be impressed . ext . chuck house - day Chuck leave with he bag over he shoulder and the puppy under he arm . ext . kelly house - day - minute later Kelly open the door . Chuck be there with the puppy . kelly that 's you dog . chuck it 's we dog . it belong to we . kelly there be not any we . chuck yes there be . Kelly can not stay mad . kelly I be sorry about the present . I get a little carry away . chuck no , it be great . maybe a little overkill -- kelly I burn the Christmas tree . she 's half - laugh , half - want - to-cry . kelly why do not you come over , get mad at I , tell I what a stupid bitch I be . chuck I guess I have not think through how I feel . kelly what , you be go to come over the next day all calm and say , Kelly that really make I mad ? do not tell I you be mad . be mad . be who you be right now . chuck look , we will do we trip as soon as I get back . kelly do not even start . and then it hit she . kelly get back ? from where ? chuck Malaysia . they be hold the sweep . she stare at he for a long moment , then at the puppy . kelly give he to I . he hand she the dog . kelly Chuck , you be break my heart . chuck a week , max . okay ? okay ? kelly go on . we will be fine . I will feed jango to the frog . she kiss the puppy . int . fedex plane - night Chuck enter the cockpit , where two different pilot be go through they checklist . Chuck repeat he familiar patter . chuck Al -- gotta be something wrong with we physical , you keep get certified to fly . John , be not you worried ? JOHN I disconnect he control . he only think he 's fly . Chuck settles into he seat . chuck you be on you way home , Al ? Al have a Australian accent . al right . down home , down under . chuck we be on time , right ? al on time , Chuck . int . fedex plane - night - hour later settle into the jump seat , Chuck finish up he note on he powerbook and begin he flight ritual . he put in he ear plug and take out he valium . he swallow one , then think , and swallow two more . then he turn on he walkman to the Rolling Stones , put the mask over he eye , and , as usual , go to sleep . dissolve to : int . fedex plane - night the plane be shaking badly . hear frantic , garble radio talk . Chuck stir , struggle to he foot , drowsy and drugge . int . fedex plane - chuck Pov everything be hazy , out of focus , as it be in he earlier drugge condition . but this be real haze . smoke . and the cabin also twist and tilt . Chuck try to steady himself against the wall . this be nightmarish . be this really happen ? int . fedex plane - chuck Pov - cockpit the pilot wrestle with the control . they have they life jacket on . John glance back at Chuck , he face float in a cloud of fear . int . fedex plane - moment later Chuck struggle to put on he life jacket . the plane be vibrate violently . he can not get the strap straight . he be knocked against one wall , then another , then to the floor . Chuck try to blow on the mouth tube for he life jacket . can not do it ! puff. puff . shit ! John motion frantically for Chuck to pull on the automatic inflator on he jacket . Chuck fumble for they . huge palettes shift and groan , one break free , bang violently against the side of the plane , spilling out its box . then it swing and knock Chuck on the head ! he go down ! int . global operation CENTER - moment later a controller man the global operation desk . his supervisor stand behind he , sip some coffee . the mood be eerily calm . a assistant move plane locator card on a giant board . controller jumbo 14 be overdue in sector k . supervisor where be they ? another controller track a giant computer screen . controller 2 somewhere east of Port moresby . guam be get a signal but no location . maybe the gps be out . the signal flash , but be strangely still compare to the other , which be move . ext . fedex plane - night the giant plane plummet down from the sky . int . fedex plane - night Chuck be semi-conscious and bleed from the head . John pull the inflator on Chuck 's life jacket , which fill with a whoosh ! , send Chuck 's arm out to the side . Al struggle with the life raft . it 's all blurred , frantic , terrifying . ext . pacific - night - moment later the plane hit the ocean with a crash and a wave of water . int . global operation CENTER - moment later the Controller be speak mechanically into the microphone . controller guam , I need a fix on jumbo 14 . ext . pacific - night shroud with fog and surround by debris , the tail of the big plane slowly sink beneath the angry , storm - drive wave . ext . pacific - day a life raft be toss on dark , storm - drive seas . Inside it , semi-conscious , Chuck hang on . ext . pacific - night we catch glimpsis of the yellow lift raft in the dark as the storm continue . ext . beach - early morning the storm have end . wave lap gently on a beach cut like a scallop out of a rocky shore . on the beach we see scattered fedex box . and we see , face - down , half - bury in sand , a man in a suit and a life jacket . Chuck . the tide gently rock he , lap at he face . he choke . slowly he get to he knee . vomit seawater , big heave . he roll over , sit down . daze . still confuse . where be I ? what happen ? Chuck 's first instinct be to check the time . he look at he watch , tap it in frustration . then he look around , and we look with he . chuck Pov - beach the fog have thin . we can see palm grove and mangrove thicket lead back into a thickly wood valley climb up a steep , rocky hillside . the rock on the opposite point end in a barren ridge . Cloud hide the top of the hill . on chuck as he take in he surroundings . he lick he lip . he 's thirsty . but something he see be even more important . we stay with he as he walk . he come to a fedex package in the sand , pick it up , brushes off the sand , walk farther . he pick up another package . ext . beach - wide Chuck walk down the beach , pick up fedex package , leave a trail of footprint in the sand . ahead of he we notice a package decorate with angel wing . ext . beach - later that morning Chuck have make a neat stack of fedex box under some palm tree at the rim of the beach . he examine the angel wing draw with pass curiosity , then put it on the stack . Chuck take off he life jacket , sit down in the shade , make himself comfortable , and wait . ext . beach - sunset Chuck be still wait . he 's a system man , and the system be not work . chuck all right , guy . I be here . check the gps , get move . ext . beach - night the full moon shine a ghostly light on the beach . tree cast moon - shadow on the sand . Chuck seem very , very alone . we hear from the dark thicket a strange noise . rustling in the leave . something crash in the tree , or be it a wave ? a jolt of adrenaline course through Chuck 's body . he lurch to he foot . we hear the noise again . Chuck edge toward the rock at the barb of the hook . keeping he eye on the thicket , he bend down and pick up a stone . his first weapon . in the rock he find a piece of driftwood . he pick it up in he other hand . he back between two rock and stand face the thicket , every sense alert . a cloud pass over the moon . the shadow streak across Chuck 's anxious face . ext . beach - morning the morning tide be come in . we follow the tide as it lap amidst the rock and find Chuck , stare out to sea . the empty sea . chuck where the fuck be you ? but now he be really thirsty . we walk with Chuck up the beach . beneath the palm he see a couple of coconut . he pick one of they up and study it . it 's heavy , almost the size of a volleyball . how to get in it ? he throw it down on a rock . the coconut just bounce off . he wedge the coconut between two rock , then throw a rock down on it . it bounce off . he throw down a bigger rock . it smashes on the rock and chip . Chuck pick up the rock . ow ! where the rock have chip the edge be sharp . it cut he . chuck sonofabitch . the blood stain the rock a bright red . Chuck suck on he finger , then he get a idea -- the same idea primitive man first get when he discover stone tool . he pick up the rock , test the edge . sharp -- really sharp . he throw another rock down , but it do not break . he pick up another rock and strike the first one . then again , harder . and again . a large flake shoot off . this edge be even sharper . he have a knife . open the coconut - series of shot Chuck use the stone knife to see at the coconut . no luck . Chuck clumsily sharpen a stick with the sharp rock . Chuck bring the sharpen stick down hard on the coconut , but the stick slide off , send the coconut roll away . Chuck position the stick , point end up , in a hole , then slam the coconut down hard on it . success ! the green nut of the coconut split . the brown inner nut be free ! he smashes the nut with a rock , but -- ow ! -- he hit he hand ! Chuck lick he finger , but he be so thirsty there 's no more saliva . he smashes again . the shell break to smithereen . coconut milk splashes everywhere . chuck that be smart , really smart . rotating a nut along its axis and carefully move he finger out of the way , he smashes the nut again . the shell split ! the precious liquid splashes out . Left inside be a swallow or two , which Chuck lap up eagerly . the milky white liquid dribble down he face . chuck ahhh . ext . beach - sunrise Chuck squint at the ocean . his sunburn be bad -- he lip be crack . a stack of break coconut shell be beside he . no one 's there -- again . chuck maybe the gps malfunction . that Korean airliner do . Cloud scud in front of the sun . Beyond the reef the wave be high and churn . Chuck can see they pound onto the reef . chuck okay , do the math . maybe they know where you be within , say 500 mile . that 's a circle with a area of , uh , pi be square . so , uh , 250,000 time three point one four , that 's about 800,000 square mile . Three time the size of Texas . this sink in . then Chuck get a idea . chuck they could use a satellite . but even that do not give he much hope . chuck say each satellite photo be 30 foot square , that 's uh ... fuck it ... billion and billion of photo . that sink in . chuck aw , someone will come . ext . beach - night Chuck sleep by the coconut . the tide be come in . Chuck stir , get up , stagger over to a palm tree to relieve himself . he stare idly out at the moonlight on the wave . then not so idly . something 's out there , something float on the tide . chuck what the hell ? ext . beach - moment later Chuck splashes into the gentle surf , reach the dark object . it 's a body . Chuck turn it over . it 's Al , one of the pilot , he face gray and waterlogged and very dead . chuck oh Jesus . ext . beach - moment later Chuck drag the body up on the beach and then collapse , exhaust . he sit by it , stare at it . chuck I be so sorry , Al . so sorry . ext . beach - morning Chuck have almost finish a grave in the sand back of the palm tree . he 's be digging with a piece of driftwood sharpen with he stone knife . he drag the body into the pit . stare down at it . that could be I . chuck get to cover Al up . he want to say more , can not . he scoops some sand over the body . chuck get to cover Al up . he scoops in some more sand . it 's eerily like bury the tropical fish in he back yard . ext . beach - later with a rock Chuck hammer a crude driftwood marker into the sand . ext . beach - later that day as Chuck sit on the beach , he half -sing , half - talk " yellow submarine " very quietly to himself . chuck we all live in a yellow submarine , yellow submarine ... he look over at the deep wood and down to the rocky point . come to a decision . he take a drink of coconut , pick up he club and a coconut , stick the stone knife in he pants . he 's ready to go . ext . beach - day - moment later Chuck climb over the rock and disappear out of sight . he 's still half - sing to himself . chuck yellow submarine . we all live in a yellow submarine ... ext . island - day - moment later Chuck 's way be block by rock and jungle . he hesitates . he pick up a rock and throws it to scare away all that bad thing . it crash into the fern and palm tree . he take a step into the jungle . ext . jungle - minute later Chuck struggle through a dense thicket beneath a jungle canopy . vine and creeper reach out toward he . there be no path , nothing to show he where to go . ext . jungle - half hour later Chuck climb through a tangle of vine and fern . he take a drink from the coconut he be carry . the last drink . chuck bad idea . should have save some . he throw away the husk . he look up , but the only sunlight reach he be dapple from the canopy above he . ext . island - moment later Chuck emerge onto a ridge that lead to a summit . he climb across a rocky lava field cover with scrub lichen and low fern , soil dark as coffee bean , he way cross by steep gully that cut like dark finger into the lava . the lava field narrow , force Chuck closer to the sea . he pass a series of cave , they mouth dark and mysterious and scary . he give they a wide berth . ext . island - cliff - moment later the land narrow to a ledge that stretch across a high cliff perch over the ocean . Beyond this rock bridge the path smoothes out to a summit . Chuck stare at the narrow bridge , then down at the wave break on the rock far below . to get any view , he will have to cross the bridge . he 's thirsty . the late afternoon sun be hot . chuck other than that , Mrs. lincoln , how do you enjoy the play ? hugging the wall of the cliff , take each step with great caution , he set out across the bridge . ext . island - cliff step by step , Chuck negotiate the narrow bridge . he reach a flume of polished basalt which cut across the ledge like a slide in a water park -- except this flume end high above the wave . Chuck try to step across it , can not quite , try one foot first , then the other . chuck shit ! he look back , but that seem even scarier . chuck get to get there . get to see . c'mon ... c' mon . do not be such a wuss . be bold . he look down at the ocean beneath he , close he eye , and jump . it 's only a few foot , but he 's breathe hard when he land on the other side . he hug the rock , get he breath . ext . island summit - sunset - moment later Chuck look to each point on the compass . he be on a island , small , inhospitable , without sign of habitation or anything human . on three side the wave break against steep , hostile cliff . a reef enclose the cove where he come from . chuck no way on . no way off . Chuck stare out to sea in every direction . nothing . chuck this be bad . really , really bad . the last ray of sun hit he face . the ocean turn a deep reddish gold . ext . cliff - moment later go down be even scarier . it 's dusk and the light be flat and gray . Chuck stare at the ledge . chuck come on . crawl if you have to . Chuck crawl on he hand and knee across the rock bridge . ext . rocky slope - moment later Chuck stumble over the rock . the cave look ominous and primal . ext . edge of jungle - night it 's get dark now . the jungle seem impenetrable , the dark wood of fable . Chuck hesitates , then plunge into it . ext . jungle - night minute later the moon have just begin to rise , casting eerie light into the jungle . the shadow reach out to grab Chuck , then real branch and vine tug at he . he head into thick blackness . ext . beach - night - later Chuck emerge around the rock . he reach the stack of familiar fedex box -- ahh , home ! he 's breathe hard , from both fear and exertion . chuck get to drink . get to drink something . with he last strength he open a coconut on the stick . he bang hard on the shell and gulp down the milk . he stare at the stack of fedex box . what could be inside ? he reach out and touch one . chuck they do not belong to you . responsibility get the better of necessity , and he take he hand away . ext . beach - morning face red from the sun , Chuck hack at a palm frond with he stone knife . he saw the palm frond off near the base , leave it about a foot long . chuck get to have shade . get to have a hat . he tie the loose fiber into a sort of circle , then set it upon he head . it look amazingly like some sort of primitive cap . he grab a couple of fedex box and head for the beach . ext . beach - later Chuck finish the p on h E L p , which he have spell out with the fedex box on the beach . ext . jungle - day - later Chuck scramble down a ravine . he kneel down and feel the ground . it be dry , completely dry . ext . lava slope - day Chuck traverse the slope , determine to find water . a flat rock - later with a puddle of dirty water trap in a tiny hollow . suddenly Chuck flop down into frame . he try to scoop up some water in he hand , but he just splashes it around . he lick he finger . then he get down on he stomach and lap up the water with he tongue . like a animal . in the bottom of the small depression be some fine mud . he rub it on he reddene face and across he burn lip . chuck oh , God . thank you . ext . beach - night Chuck lie in darkness , he eye reflect the moon . ext . jungle - day Chuck be drench in sweat . he be at the bottom of a hole six foot deep . he take one last dig with the flat stick , then lick the moist clay that stick to it . ext . beach - day Chuck break open another coconut and gulp down the milky liquid . with a stone knife he dig in the shell for some of the meat , but it 's dry and chewy and fibrous . he spit it out , then lie back on the sand and stare at the first star . half sing to himself . chuck you deserve a break today ... he be desperately thirsty . Hunger gnaw at he . ext . beach - day - later holding a sharpen stick , Chuck wade in the shallow at low tide , look for fish . it 's difficult to keep he balance . suddenly a shadow flash by , glint in the morning sunlight . Chuck hurl the spear , which ricochet off the water and float away . Chuck plunge into the water after the fish with he bare hand . the fish reverse direction . Chuck leap after it and go under . he come up spluttering , on he hand and knee in the shallow . suddenly a whole school of fish swim by he , move in unison , like one creature , split around Chuck like mercury . he grab at they desperately . nothing . chuck damn fish ! on some rock he see cluster of limpet . he take a rock and try to dislodge one , but it smashes into a soggy mess . ext . beach - day discourage , he sit down on the beach and get he breath . idly , Chuck take out he wallet . the money be soak . he lay it out to dry . he find a photograph of kelly , soak and mushy . he try to smooth it out . for a moment he be overcome . his face tighten , he eye get moist . he stare out to sea . chuck wait a minute . wait just a minute . he pick up he wallet again and take out a credit card . ext . beach - minute later Chuck wade in the water , stop by a rock cover with limpet . he use a credit card to scrape off a limpet . chuck do not leave home without it . with he finger , he prod around in the mucous-like meat , then tilt up the shell and we see the gooey gray stuff slide off the shell into he mouth . chuck yuck . he start to spit it out . tries to make himself like it . chuck yumm . and he swallow it . ext . beach - sunset Chuck sit in the shade of a palm tree surround by a pile of smashed coconut husk and a stack of limpet shell . he check he watch for a moment . chuck get to get this fix . but what 's the point ? everything that be so valuable before be useless now . ext . jungle - later Chuck dig yet another hole . he chant to himself , almost delusionally . chuck Water , water , everywhere , water , water everywhere ... cover in sweat , desperate and exhaust , he throw down he wooden spade . chuck where 's the water on this fuck island ? he lie on he back , breathe hard . pull he hat over he eye . chuck just rest a minute . ext . jungle - day - later Chuck be lie in the hole . we find he foot . slowly water be ooze out of the clay , a puddle be building around he toe . ext . jungle - day - later Chuck 's eye snap awake . he look down at he foot . there 's a pool of muddy water there . he dip he hand in it , touch a finger to he lip to be sure he 's not dream . he grab he sharpen stone , begin to attack the clay . chuck oh yeah , oh yeah , oh yeah . ext . beach - sunset Chuck carefully make mark on a palm tree with he rock knife . one for each day . very neat . very precise . very Chuck . chuck let 's see , I wait two day . ( make mark ) then I bury al. ( slowly make another mark ) Al . you never make it home , buddy . then american Express get I that clam thing ... ( make another mark ) I dig all that damn hole , the cloud over the moon ... ( make more mark ) and today , the historic discovery of h , two , oh. ( make a tenth mark and underline it ) ten day . shit . for a moment , he feel the weight of he isolation . then he allow himself a deep breath . there be order now , after all . time be under control . ext . cliff - day very carefully , but stand this time , Chuck make he way across the ledge . ext . summit - day he emerge on the top , take a drink from a hand - make canteen , and look in all direction . again , he see nothing but ocean . ext . beach - day he resume he effort at fishing . a shape scuttle raggedly beneath he . chuck a crab , it 's a crab . he freeze , hold he spear motionless . then he jab at the crab -- miss ! the crab scurries away toward the rock . chuck dammit ! Chuck splashes after it , stabbing as he go , fall , get up , stabbing again . suddenly one stab feel different . Chuck carefully lift up the spear . on the end be a squirming crab . chuck I do it . I do it ! he walk carefully with it to the beach . lower the spear , he let the crab slip off . it dart toward the water . Chuck head it off , try to avoid the snap claw . he kick it back toward the beach , then slam a rock down on it . he twist off a crab claw , expect to see flaky white meat . but a crab have a exoskeleton . the flesh simply pour out , like mucous . chuck Jesus . this be too much . he need the next step , from the raw to the cook . the crucial next step from primitive man to the beginning of civilization . ext . palm grove series of shot - try to make FIRE Chuck rub two stick together . nothing . Chuck position a makeshift drill in a hole he have scoop out in a piece of driftwood . he spin the drill with great effort . nothing . chuck stupid fuck thing ! he quit , exhaust . he look at he hand . they be raw and blister . he feel like job . chuck I do not know what I do , God , but whatever be be , I be really , really sorry . you hear I ? really sorry . ext . beach - day Chuck emerge from the jungle and walk to the edge of the ocean . he dip he blister hand into the sea water , then look over at the fedex box that spell out h E L p . chuck do not have a choice , do I ? he walk over and pick a few box up from the P. ext . palm grove - day with he stone knife and spear to help he . Chuck begin to open the fedex box . Chuck rip open the end of one box and shake it . out tumble some videotape . Chuck look at they : what good be they ? Chuck tear another box open . out slide some legal papers cover with post-it . in quick cut , we see he dump out computer memory board , some designer dress , flower , a pair of roller blade , a script with a red cover -- which he never read . ext . beach - later by now he have take all the box in the P. only h E L remain . he pause to let the irony of that sink in , then collect more box . he be even more exhaust . ext . palm grove two box remain . one be the box with angel wing . Chuck set it aside . he open the other box . out tumble a doctor be bag . Chuck can not believe it . he open the bag . it 's full of great stuff . Medicine . a scalpel . a see . chuck okay . okay now . ext . palm grove - later hand bandage , Chuck try to strike a spark on the roller blade wheel housing . tries over and over . nothing . he take a long drink from he canteen , and flinch . his tooth be start to hurt . he fish some tylenol out of the surgeon 's bag and take two . ext . other side of island - day Chuck pick some berry and gingerly try they . they be not bad . he eat more . then more . what a relief . ext . beach - night Chuck lie on he palm frond , groan and hold he stomach . he drag himself to he knee , crawl a few foot , and throw up in great , violent heave . ext . beach - day still look a little green , Chuck mark another day on he tree calendar . ext . summit he stare out to sea . nothing . ext . well - day Chuck lie on he belly and drink from the well , which have fill with water . then he wash he face and splashes water over he neck . the surface of the well still , bring chuck reflection into focus . he stare at himself . very carefully Chuck shave with the surgeon 's scalpel . Chuck check out he new appearance in the water . much better . a clean start now . ext . beach - later that day he sit in front of he fail effort to make fire . chuck you be not get it hot enough . get to hold the heat . get to hold the heat . ext . beach - later Chuck carefully shave some tinder . put it under a piece of bamboo split lengthwise with a notch cut across it . ext . beach - later Chuck use a bamboo stick to try to make friction in the split half of the bamboo . he saw back and forth with all he might , press it down in the groove . ext . beach - later Chuck give one last see with he bamboo and stop , utterly defeat . it 's all too much . chuck sonofabitch ! he start to rub again . he breathes hard , sweat pour off he face . he be really go for it , what the hell ! a tiny wisp of smoke appear ! Chuck saw with even more energy . chuck come on . come on . the smoke increase . Chuck rip away the bamboo , grab the nest of shaving , and blow on it frantically . the smoke flicker and die . Chuck can not believe it . chuck no. no. no. ext . beach - night Chuck lie in he bed of palm frond , shiver . he look up at the star , which blaze furiously . chuck that 's the big dipper ... orion ... or be that the Southern Cross ...? Kelly would know . and he miss she so much . a shower of meteor streak across the sky , as if the very heaven be raining down on Chuck . ext . beach - day Chuck ready he two stick of bamboo again and begin saw with tremendous energy . he smell something . be it smoke ? he pull off the log and look eagerly at the nest of tinder . there 's nothing there . chuck dammit ! he replace the log and start wearily to see again . time CUT the sun have move in the sky . Chuck be still saw . again the smoke appear . again sweat pour from he face . the smoke increase . he saw even harder . his breath come in anguish gulp . smoke be curling up now . Chuck tear away the bamboo , pick up the nest of kindling , and blow on it gently . the smoke increase . he blow some more . a fragile crimson spark appear . chuck careful now , careful ... he gently place the nest of shaving in the kindling , then blow on it with utmost care , as if he be hold life itself . he shred he money and business card over the tiny flame . suddenly , the evening breeze lift the nest out of the kindling . desperate , Chuck grab it . try to shield it with he body , he grab some palm frond and jam they into the sand , try to make a windbreak . they rustle and shake and blow over . the wind blow harder . Chuck jam some rock in a circle to make a eddy . but the fire be out . no word now , just a loud , primal groan of pure despair . and then , into he vision float ... smoke . Chuck look down . a wisp of smoke curl up from the nest of tinder ! Chuck blow on it gently . suddenly a tiny tongue of flame flicker and catch on the kindling ! chuck yes ! yes ! yes ! he feed in some more twig , more tinder . the flame lick out , catch , grow . chuck if I ever forget to thank you God , and I be sure I do , thank you now . ext . beach - wide - night the fire burn on the beach . Chuck rush about , pile on driftwood . ext . beach - closer Chuck dart into the jungle and return drag a huge log . he throw it on the fire . we see he face in the light of the fire . he be exultant . he dance . he sing at the top of he lung . papa-ooo-mow-mow ! Chuck throw another huge log on the fire . papa-papa-papa - oooo ! the log splutter and explode , send up a huge shower of spark that climb and sparkle in the darkness ... until they merge with the star . ext . palm grove - morning Chuck make a mark on the tree . around it he carve a flame -- the day he master fire . ext . palm grove - later that morning Chuck sharpen he spear with he stone knife . then he stick it in the flame to harden it , pull it out , check it , scrape some more . ext . beach - day Chuck wade in the water with he spear . suddenly he stab it down . a crab be on the end . ext . beach - half hour later Chuck remove a crab from out of the fire and break a steaming crab claw . Chuck take a bite of the flaky white meat . ahhh . it taste great . he take another bite -- and flinch . chuck damn tooth ! he fumble for he tylenol and take two pill . ext . summit - sunset Chuck stand on the summit , look in all direction . then , something on the island bring Chuck 's eye back from they distant focus on the horizon . from down on the beach , beneath the palm grove , there curl a thin column of smoke . Chuck let a bit of pride creep into he face as he see it . he kneel down and begin to build a signal fire . ext . beach - night - later Chuck curl up in he bed of palm frond . the fire burn . around it be a large stack of crab shell . he stare into the fire . ext . palm grove - morning Chuck make another mark on the tree . he have circle the tree with mark several time now . ext . beach - day use a safety pin and some suture thread , Chuck fish carefully . suddenly he jerk he hand back . on the end be a flopping fish . ext . palm grove - day Chuck take a cook fish off the fire and mix it with some breadfruit . he eat the soft mixture , chew carefully , but he tooth hurt even worse . there be only a few tylenol tablet leave . he carefully cut one in half and swallow it . ext . summit - afternoon Chuck arrive with the wood for the night . he stare out to sea as usual , but this time he see something different . whale . he see whale . leap . broach . spout . Water pour off fin and fluke . move . go somewhere . chuck beautiful . so beautiful . Chuck stare at they , stare until the ocean darken and he can see they no more . it 's late now . leave , he take one last look , as he always do . and another remarkable sight greet he eye . there , on the horizon , just below the evening star , be a ... light . he stare at it , fix . chuck a star . it 's a star . but then he stare at it really hard . chuck it 's a ship . ext . wood - tree - next day a tree shake and move , quiver ... chuck timberrr ! ... then slowly fall with a crash ! chuck I hear that ... Chuck hold he surgeon 's see over the stump . he walk to another tree and begin to see he way into the trunk . ext . beach - series of shot up above the high tide line , Chuck lash a log to a row of five log already join with vine . chuck no more wait . take action . Chuck sew several designer dress together with needle and suture thread for a sail . chuck that 's right . take action . he cut bamboo for the mast . he carve driftwood for a oar . he fill gourd with water , store breadfruit and coconut as he sing " fly I to the Moon " to himself . he tie the sail to the mast and extend it with a bamboo boom lash on with palm fiber and video tape . he tie on the doctor 's kit and the fedex box with the angel wing . he examine he handiwork : a finish raft . he bring out he old life preserver and put it on , then grab hold of one corner of the raft to pull it down to the beach . it do not budge . he try to pull it again . nothing . he lean he back into it and push with he leg . nothing . he collapse on the beach , he breath come in heave . chuck how could I be so stupid ? he bang himself on the head , over and over . chuck stupid , stupid , stupid . ext . palm grove - night Chuck throw new firewood on the dwindling fire . it come back to life . meteor streak again across the sky . he stare at the indifferent star . the moon be almost full . shadows of palm tree sway on the sand . ext . beach - night Chuck stand by the edge of the water , which shimmer in the reflect light of the fire . a wave come in , lick at he toe . lift up a coconut husk , sweep it gently out . Chuck watch , get a idea . ext . beach - night he begin to dig in the sand by the raft . he grab the oar and dig faster , make a trench up to where the raft be . ext . beach - morning the rise tide flood water into the trench . Chuck rock the raft back and forth . it float ! as the wave recede , it take the raft with it . Chuck have to run beside it . chuck try to escape - montage over and over , we see Chuck capsize at the reef . the first time he have a bandage on he leg . he try everything -- different raft , different approach , but each time the ocean spit he back . ext . lagoon - day defeat and utterly exhaust , Chuck swim back from he latest failure . he wade back ashore with the fedex box and throw it on the ground by the palm tree . he have try so hard to escape , so incredibly hard , do everything humanly possible and beyond . he rip off he life preserver , throw it into the underbrush , then collapse on the beach . chuck you be too low in the water . too damn low . Chuck 's shoulder begin to shake , as he be rack with deep sob of despair . and then he throw he head back and let forth , from deep inside himself , a scream of rage and anger and pain . the scream pierce the indifferent natural sound of the island , the rustling of the breeze , the lulling rhythm of the wave . it be powerful , disturbing , primal . the breeze pick up . behind Chuck , the palm tree begin to sway . the tide be reach up toward the beach . the wave crash louder . the palm tree sway even more . Chuck pick up some wet sand and rub it on he body . chuck Dust thou art -- that 's for damned sure -- and unto dust shalt thou return . a few drop of rain begin to fall , splash on Chuck and sizzling in the fire . Chuck look up : cloud have obscure the sun . the wind blow harder . the rain fall harder , streaking the sand Chuck have rubbed on he body . steam sizzle out of the fire . Chuck look up , disbely . the bottom fall out of the heaven -- monsoon rain , more rain than you have ever see before . a long wave roll up , its frothy finger reach for the fire . forget the raft ! forget despair ! the fire could go out ! this be disaster ! chuck shit ! he spring into action . Chuck grab a empty fedex box . with he wooden shovel he frantically scoops some coal out of the fire as the rain hiss and pound at they . he slide the coal into the fedex box , grab some stick of driftwood and set off on a run . ext . wood - day Chuck run through the wood , slip and stumbling . vine grab at he . the rain be so thick he can hardly see . ext . wood - minute later Chuck burst out of the wood into the lava field . smoke pour out of the fedex box . the coal be about to burn through ! ext . lava field - moment later Chuck stumble up the slippery rock , drag the smoking box . his face be drench , desperate . ext . cave - day - minute later Chuck tumble into the cave just as the coal burn through the fedex box . use the remain of the box , he desperately try to scoot the coal into a dry spot . one by one , the precious coal go out . dripping water off he hand and face , he push a few together with he finger , ignore the burn . chuck please ... please ... please ... he stomp on the driftwood and saw at it with he knife . he place this kindling on the coal . they sputter and sizzle . barely catch . he fan they with the box . a tiny flicker catch , then start to grow . chuck firewood . I need firewood . series of shot on the beach , Chuck desperately gather more firewood in the drive monsoon . he can barely see . drive by the storm , the wave be lick at the palm grove . he run through the wood . branch whip at he face . root tear at he foot , trip he . he stumble up the lava field . slide . struggle . barely able to breathe , the rain be so strong . int . cave - day he dump the firewood on the floor of the cave . but where the fire have flicker , there be only a pile of wet black ash . the FIRE be out . int . cave - night Chuck lie on the floor of the cave , shiver in the darkness as the rain fall . his fire be out , he tooth be kill he , he can not escape . ext . cave - next day Chuck emerge from the cave . the rain have stop . this be the absolute lowest . his face reflect he pain and despair . he 's trap . it 's hopeless . everything he try to build be go . ext . ledge - day Chuck slowly walk out on the ledge . he stare down at the wave break on the jag rock far below . he let go one hand . then let go the other . he be barely balanced . it look like a wisp of breeze would blow he right off . he slide one foot to the very lip of the precipice . suddenly he foot slip ! instinctively he turn into the cliff , grab for a hold ! one hand reach for a nubbing of rock , slip off ! the other close , he finger strain to hold he . he breathes in deep gasp . he have want to end it , come so close . chuck what the fuck be you do ? his deep instinct be to survive . and that be what he be go to do . chuck hang on . just hang on . slowly he pull himself back from the edge . ext . beach - later Chuck walk aimlessly down the beach , feel the burden of start over . the beach be litter with seaweed and flotsam , bit of rope , plastic bottle . he pick up a plastic bottle . that will come in handy . the Chuck see a soccer ball with " Wilson " stamp on it in big black letter . he pick it up , hold it , toss it up in the air . then he kick it , then kick it again , then run down the beach , try to kick it and keep it out of the water . feeling joy again , even here . int . cave - that day the sun be set on he darken cave . the soccer ball sit in the corner by the black cold ash of what be once he fire . Chuck carve a bit of coconut meat , take a bite and wince as the meat hit he sore tooth . he toss the shell on a small new pile of shell . Chuck shake out the last half tylenol tablet . he put the tablet in he mouth , then take a sip out of he coconut canteen . when the water hit he tooth that hurt too . int . cave - morning Chuck mix a mash of breadfruit and coconut . he try to pack the tooth with the mash , but it 's so sensitive that even this hurt . he pound the floor of the cave in frustration . int . cave - later Chuck hold a stone chisel and he hammer stone . he position the chisel against he inflame tooth . but the think of what he be about to do be too frightening . he lower the chisel . chuck shit. shit. shit. ext . beach - day Chuck try to fill he mouth with sea water . the pain be so great he eye water . chuck whoo , pig . sooey ! he fall back in the water and float there , look up at the sky . int . cave - later determined , Chuck hold the stone chisel again . he raise it slowly to he mouth and pick up the hammer stone . chuck no pain , no gain . he bring the hammer down hard on the chisel ! the screen go black as Chuck 's scream continue under . fade in : ext . ocean - sunrise - three year later the sky take on the first color of the day . the ocean be still dark , but a few wave catch the first light . the sunrise touch the summit , move down the cliff , then light the cove . on the screen superimpose : " 1000 day later " reflection - water a spear shimmer in the calm morning water . attach to the spear be a man , stand completely still . on chuck we move up out of the reflection to the real man . his leg be scar . the remnant of a dress wrap around he middle . a stone knife on a neatly mount haft be stick in a belt make of videotape and woven fiber . necklaces of shark 's tooth and shell hang from he neck . his hair be long . a coconut frond hat be on he head . the hand wrap around the spear be scar and brown as a berry . it hold the spear perfectly still . the watch be go . we come around slowly until we see Chuck 's face . the eye say it all . they stare out with a survivor 's intensity , stare at the water , unblink . this be the man who use to splash futilely about in the water try to fish . this be the fedex man who be plugge into the tumult of activity and energy , surround by technology and human activity at its most intense , devote to make second count . now he be utterly alone , and utterly still . and now he have all the time in the world . suddenly , without a once of waste motion , he shoot the spear forward at a low angle . it quiver , stick on the bottom . he pull it out with a practice twist . on the end be a struggle fish . but this be not a thrill anymore . it 's another day at the office . ext . beach - later that day Chuck make a mark on a palm tree . he have completely cover three other tree with mark . it sink in how long he have be here . ext . jungle - later Chuck carry the fish back from the beach . now there be a well - wear trail . int . cave - that afternoon Chuck enter with the fish . we be greet with the well - order lair of a primitive stone - age man . clam shell spiral weave in and out around the fire hole . strip of eel jerky and fish hang drying from rack . tool be line up neatly : digging stick , stone hammer and saw , spear neatly hafted onto shaft , drill , awl . bit and piece of feather , skin , bone , rag , leave -- be all neatly arrange . string and cord hang from hook . coconut bowl and cooking rock form a small kitchen . a raincoat and rain -hat woven of palm frond be neatly drape over a frame . evocative piece of driftwood decorate the room . a wind chime of obsidian flake sway gently . the watch hang on a stick . the angel box have the place of honor on one side . on the other side the Wilson soccer ball rest on a throne of rock . seaweed have be place on the ball as hair . clam shell have be stick on for eye , other shell form a mouth . a tube shell and conch form a pipe . int . cave - FIRE - night the fish be be smoke under a palm frond . eel skin hang from stick , roasting . Chuck sit by the fire , hafting a stone knife onto a wooden haft . he tie some fiber to a stick , then braid it into string , use both hand and he mouth for the three strand . he tie the string tightly around the shaft . he do he work automatically . int . cave - night - later Chuck eat some fish and some mashed breadfruit . he chew each bite , he eye in distant focus . the firelight flicker on he face . ext . cliff - sunrise Chuck carry firewood up to the summit . he mechanically add wood to the fire . as he do so , something out to sea catch he eye . he stop and stand up . chuck Pov - whale whale broach out past the rocky point . spout of water shoot into the air . on chuck as he watch they , a light come back into he eye . he grin . there 's a big gap where he tooth have be . he turn and stride down the hill . ext . cliff - moment later he head across the rock bridge that once have so terrify he , without lose stride . it 's second nature now . int . cave - moment later Chuck enter the cave , pick up the ball and head out . ext . summit - evening the signal fire burn . a spectacular cloudy sunset light up the sky . Chuck sit with Wilson on the summit , a bowl of mashed breadfruit in one hand , a bowl of roast eel skin in another . as Chuck watch the sunset unfold , watch the whale go by in the darken water , he take some roast eel chip , dip they into the breadfruit paste , and offer one to Wilson . his voice be flat , monotonal . chuck chip ? dip ? but Wilson decline . chuck no ? he take a big crunchy bite . chuck another fuck day in paradise . pull back as the sun go down and Chuck reach into the bowl again and dip a eel skin chip in the dip . ext . rocky ledge - night - later torch in one hand , Wilson in the other , Chuck walk across the rocky ledge . he pass the flume without even notice . suddenly he shoe break ! it 's sandal make of woven yucca leave . he bend down and fix it , then head on down the ledge . ext . ledge - moment later Chuck make a casual leap , a leap he have make hundred of time , but this time the sandal come loose . it catch on a rock , and chuck fall ! his hand be cut and bruise . he try to get up , can not . Chuck sit back and examine he foot . his finger come back cover with blood . he reach out to steady himself , and leave a handprint of blood on the rock . int . cave - later Chuck wrap he foot in bandage . int . cave - later Chuck 's face be sweaty . he look down at he foot . it be red , swollen , infect . he stand up , try to put some weight on it . the pain be intense . Chuck stick the scalpel onto some coal to sterilize it . he hold it over he foot , take a breath , then jab in into the wound . the pain be intense . Chuck pass out . int . cave - night Chuck stir , take a drink , weakly toss on another log , and collapse back on the floor . int . cave - day Chuck wake up , tremble , shaking , wet with sweat . he stagger up . his shadow sway on the wall of the cave . he struggle to get another log on the fire . he squint at he only companion , the soccer ball . chuck help I , Wilson ... he collapse again . int . cave - night Chuck stir and squint he eye . he take a drink of water . he be feel better . he put another log on the fire and slowly begin to chew on some breadfruit and dry fish . ext . beach - later Chuck slowly wade into the water , favor he injure foot . but something feel different . he glance around . what be it ? and then he see something , perhaps the worst possible sight . chuck Pov - sail a sail be move steadily away from the island . chuck throw down the spear and wave he arm . chuck no! wait ! come back ! he run into the water and start to swim . he be so weak , however , he can only make a few stroke . he try to yell as he swim ... chuck wait ! wait ! choke and weak , he turn back and drag himself up on the beach . in the b.g. , the sail dwindle into the distance . ext . summit - later Chuck struggle to the top of the hill . his fire have be extinguish by the rain . in the distance , far against the horizon , he see a sail -- or be it a cloud ? the whiteness shimmer against the horizon . Chuck squint . whatever it be , it be go . above he some contrail from jet mark the sky . furious , he kick he signal fire , scatter the burnt - out coal . ext . beach - later that day Chuck make a new mark on he calendar tree . then he stop . he cut a angry big line under the last mark , then hack away at the palm tree , slashing it with the stone knife , rip and mark through all he date . finally the stone knife break in two . Chuck drop the break half and catch he breath . ext . cave - night Chuck enter the cave . no signal fire burn . the island be dark . ext . summit - day Chuck stand on the summit , stare out to sea . nothing , not even a contrail , not even a whale spout . ext . cliff - moment later he be on he way down , suddenly he see something and stop . it 's the handprint , the bloody handprint , he own handprint . he slowly extend he hand and cover it , then pull it away . traces it with he finger . int . cave - day later Chuck have the beginning of a artist 's studio . several large clam shell hold paint . a few egg shell be line up . brushes have be make from root and feather . Chuck cover he hand with paint and make a handprint on the wall of the cave . he stand back and look at it . int . cave - day he chew some berry , then hold he hand against the wall of the cave and spit a dark blue mist around it . when he take he hand away , the silhouette of he handprint remain . int . cave - day with the angel wing box as a model , Chuck dip one of he feather brushes in paint , and make a tentative line on the wall of the cave . he work hesitantly , rub off a line , try again . int . cave - night Chuck be finish he first figure , a crude portrait of a man -- himself ? hard to tell . he examine he work . he take some shell and stick they on as eye . Chuck pick up Wilson , think . chuck you old airhead , you need a makeover . he take some charcoal out of he fire and draw eyebrow on the ball . then , he mash some berry , dip he finger in the juice , and make lip . he stick shell on with clay for eye . then he look at the face . chuck Wilson , you bad ! he sit back and regards he companion . he gesture around the cave at the new painting . chuck what do you think ? but Wilson do not have a opinion . chuck you do not share much , do you ? idly Chuck take down the angel box . chuck I guess I know how Kelly feel . for a long time he study the wing on it . with a stick , he try to draw a similar wing on the dusty floor of the cave . dissatisfy , he wipe it away . he look at the angel box . casually he reach over and cut it open with a stone knife . Inside he find two bottle of green salsa . and a letter . he read over it . chuck you say we life be a prison . dull. bore . empty . I can not begin to tell you how much that hurt . I do not want to lose you . I be enclose some salsa , the verde you like . use it on you sticky rice and think of home . then come home -- to I . we will find the spice in we life again . together . I love you . always . bettina . visibly move , Chuck put down the letter . chuck he never get it . ext . island - day the monsoon pour down . wind whip the palm tree . the wave be gray and angry , tear at the beach . int . cave - day as the rain pour down outside , Chuck study the sodden , ruin photograph of Kelly , which be really only a gray mess . chuck she 's probably find someone else . I would have . Chuck dip he finger into one of the bowl of color and streak it slowly across he face . to exorcise he loneliness , he will paint on the most expressive canvas there be : he own body . chuck painting himself - montage Close - up on scar finger , as they paint on Chuck 's face and body . Color on skin . tight dramatic shot of Chuck be transformed . Chuck take white paint and cover he hand . then he press it into he chest and make a handprint . he draw a yellow spiral on he leg , then take red and make jag lightning bolt on he chest on either side of the hand . water shimmer in a gourd . Chuck 's face swim into focus . it have be paint white . look at himself in the reflection , he dot on blue star with dark blue from squid ink . ext . cave - later the rain have stop . the island be wash bright and green . on chuck as he stand up in the cove . his face be white with blue star . handprint circle he torso , flanke by red lightning bolt . braid cord circle he biceps . bone necklace hang from he neck . feather jut out from he hair . ext . jungle - day Chuck go from tree to tree , make handprint along he path . Chuck be here . this be he mark . ext . palm grove - day he cover the calendar tree with handprint . then stop . see something . eye fix on the beach , he walk toward the shoreline . ext . beach - day Chuck emerge from the palm tree , and now we see what he have see . a fifty -five gallon oil drum . and another one . two . Chuck stare at the barrel . chuck hello . ext . beach - later Chuck sit stare at the oil drum . it 's almost as if he be hesitate to take advantage of they . that he may not want , really , to leave now . then he inner struggle end . chuck what the hell be you wait for ? ext . beach - later fill with determination , Chuck roll a barrel up the beach . ext . beach - later use a palm tree as a fulcrum , Chuck haul hard on a rope make of vine , pull the barrel up off the beach . ext . jungle - day Chuck throw aside palm leave , revealing ... the remain of he raft . int . cave - night Chuck be draw with a purpose now . and we see what he be work on . the plan for a raft . int . cave - night Chuck be make a list of what he need . he work intently . chuck canteen . Sea anchor . get to weave rope . Spears . a sail . ext . jungle - day Chuck lash the barrel onto the raft . check the knot . lashes more rope . int . cave - night he sew dress together with handmade fiber string . int . cave - night he weave videotape together to form a sea anchor . ext . beach - day Chuck dig a channel toward the raft . int . cave - day Chuck construct a water collection device with some fedex box , some plastic weight with a stone . explain it to Wilson . chuck now I be hope that if this be airtight I will get condensation down here , a cup or so a day . if I be careful it should be enough . int . cave - night Chuck write on the wall . chuck if I never return , know that here live Chuck noland for four year . I draw this painting . I make this mark . and then I take my fate in my own hand and set forth to save myself , God willing . ext . beach - day Chuck load the raft , which rock gently in the cove . he have a sail make of designer dress sewn together with fiber thread . a sea anchor secure by videotape woven together into a rope . plastic bottle fill with water . a signal kite make of fedex paper . then come the fedex box with the angel wing . then Wilson . chuck Wilson , my main man . time to go . and he gently lead the raft into the lagoon . chuck wonder what odd Stan would give I on this . I would say 90 - 10 . against . he jump onto the raft , begin to paddle out toward where the surf crash onto the reef . ext . lagoon - day wave break against the reef . with he paddle Chuck maneuver the raft toward the cut in the reef . boom ! the wave crash , the water surge through the cut , then recede with a whoosh . Chuck watch , time the wave , paddle like mad . he 's commit . scrape go the first barrel , then the second , riding the recede wave . he 's out ! but the next wave be already surging forward . it smashes the raft against the reef ! coconut and foodstuff hurtle off the raft ! the barrel cushion the impact . the raft tilt , spin , but stay outside the reef ! the rope hold the jug of water break ! the water sweep overboard ! the wave recede again . Chuck recover , paddle with all he strength , and then he 's clear of the breaker ! for a long moment he float on the roller , get he breath . the water jug float away , carry by the wave back into the lagoon . Chuck could go back and get they . if he be be prudent , he definitely would . but he 's out . he might never get back out again . he stare at the lagoon and the recede water jug . then he stare at the island . Goodbye to all that . chuck Wilson , we be out of here . he turn and begin raise the sail . ext . ocean - wide - minute later power by its multicolor makeshift sail , trail its gently flap signal kite of fedex paper , the raft slowly move away from the island , out toward the open ocean . and we pull back until the ocean swallow the tiny raft and then we tilt down and ... dissolve to : ext . ocean - day - four week later the ocean again , low . the raft float into frame . a trace of a breeze flap the signal kite , which barely stay aloft , its rope fray and tatter . the still be set up in the middle , plastic with a rock weighting down the center . Chuck be gaunt , he clothes rotted . he lie look over the side of the raft , spear in one hand , stare intently at the water . dorados swim like specter , flash and darting . Chuck stab with he spear . stabs again . chuck slow down , damn you ! exhausted , he sink back to the raft . two dorados leap into the air ahead of he . Chuck try to stare again into the water . he spot another fish , a flash of silver under the surface . Chuck struggle to he foot , raise he spear . splat ! something strike he in the chest , almost knock he into the water . on the raft we see flash of silver and green and blue . a flying fish . Chuck dive at it , catch it , lose it . chuck catch it catch it catch it -- he catch it again just as it almost flop over the side . ext . raft - moment later Chuck suck the juice out of the head . he chew meat off the tiny rib bone . Chuck be in the stage of malnutrition , vitamin deprivation , salt insufficiency , and exposure where the personality split and become external . like all castaway , he have conversation with the two side of himself . goodchuck save some for tomorrow . badchuck catch another fish tomorrow . badchuck win . Chuck keep eat . he stare up at the sun , which beat down unmercifully . ext . raft - day - later the raft drift . Chuck have take down the sail and rig it as a canopy . drenched with sweat , Chuck lie on the raft , try to sleep . he dab at some sore that be ulcerate he body and will not let he get comfortable . plus , there 's a chaffing , squeaking sound . he look around for the source . we see it with he . one of the rope be fray and about to break . if it do , the log will come apart from the float . badchuck shit ! shit ! shit ! goodchuck stay calm , identify the problem . Problem , rope fray . solution , fix rope . badchuck with what ? there 's nothing to fix it with . this rope come undone , you be go to drow . good chuck just get up and fix it . badchuck too tired . goodchuck get up . badchuck feel so good to lie here . goodchuck get up , damn you . Chuck come to he knee . then sink back down . badchuck can not . need water . goodchuck you have have today 's water . badchuck thirsty . goodchuck come on , shape up , get go , you can do it . badchuck no water , no work . Chuck try another tack . sweet reason . goodchuck okay look , I know you be tired , I know you be thirsty , but give it one more shot , you have just get to do a little more . badchuck do too much , I will die . goodchuck do too little you will die . badchuck go to die anyway . that stop good Chuck for a moment . goodchuck okay , look have a extra swallow . he hold up the pathetic little jar with its few teaspoon of murky water . badchuck no more water , you say . goodchuck take it . badchuck no . goodchuck take it , damn it . badchuck no . goodchuck Wilson , do you believe this ? take the damn water . slowly Chuck get up , lift up the water jar , and take a swallow . then another . goodchuck stop. enough . then another . ext . raft - day - later Chuck work to braid a new rope . he be focus , concentrate as hard as he can , but everything be slow and hard and he 's weak and clumsy . he test the rope , but it do not hold . goodchuck think . get to use something else . he get a idea , start to pull the signal kite in . badchuck if they can not see you , what 's the point ? goodchuck survive today , that 's the point . the kite rope be much thin than the rope he have use to tie the log , but it 's all he have . he tie the log with the kite rope . exhausted , he lie back down . ext . raft - night the moon be full . the wave cast off shadow on the ocean . Chuck be stare into the sky , try to find a star to navigate by . goodchuck polaris , where be you ? maybe I be too far south . badchuck you do not know where you be . you miss the shipping lane . goodchuck Moon 's too bright . we hear the fray sound again . ext . raft - day Chuck saw at the outer log with he stone knife . across the water come a storm . we can see it like a waterfall move toward we . badchuck you be put off the inevitable . goodchuck I be put it off . he look at the deteriorate rope , at the rotting sail . badchuck that 's what 's happen to you . Chuck push the outer log away , then take the loose rope and begin to lash it around the center log . badchuck you be rotting away . the raft be rock . the wave be stronger . it 's hard to tie the log together . rain fall like a sheet on Chuck . badchuck get water ! goodchuck fix raft first . badchuck Water water water -- Chuck work frantically in the rain , try to tie the rope . finally he do . then he scramble for he water collect funnel , struggle to pull it up . one corner be stick and collapse . desperately he rights it , pull the funnel up . drop begin to run down the side and collect in the jar . soak , Chuck stare at the water as it rise . then the rain stop . we see the line of rain recede away from Chuck , spattering the ocean . but all around he the ocean be calm again . and out come the sun . ext . ocean - day the raft float on quiet seas . the sky be blue , with few high cirrus cloud so motionless they seem paste on . Chuck lie on the raft , sick and weak . suddenly , from the depth beside he , silently rise a huge shape . a sperm whale , still mainly submerge . the blow hole be near Chuck , wet and pulsing like giant lip . the eye of the whale be only a few foot away . it look upon Chuck out of a intelligence deep and alien . he slowly come to he knee and stare at it . the blow hole open and whoosh , out shoot a geyser of fine spray which settles on Chuck in a mist . the whale rise farther , dwarf the raft . from the whale come a deep sound like a foghorn . startle , Chuck jump back , rock the raft . he catch himself , slowly reach out and touch the whale . the whale blow again , drench Chuck in more spray . Chuck touch the whale again . goodchuck you like that ? very slowly it drift along with the raft . goodchuck lose you mate ? we look right into the whale 's eye . beneath the surface we can see the huge jaw open and close . goodchuck you be beautiful . marry I . badchuck you idiot , if he dive , he will capsize the raft . very slowly the whale move ahead of the raft , its vast body pass Chuck . goodchuck no , do not go . look , I have get fish . Chuck rip a fillet off the line and throw it in front of the whale , which ignore it . goodchuck please do not dive . please . the whale slowly sink , then suddenly arch its huge back and head straight for the bottom . for a moment , all that remain be the fluke , black and vertical against the dark blue sky . with one swoop , that fluke could destroy Chuck and he raft . but they do not do anything except slowly sink . then it be go . we be on Chuck 's face as he stare at where the whale have be , the surface mark only by a ring of concentric ripple that reach out and gently rock the raft . ext . ocean - day Chuck check the water . it be green and full of floaty . it look awful . he take the jug , put it to he mouth , and drink . instantly he throw up back into the jug , barely keep from drop it . badchuck look what you have do . he dip he hand into the ocean , splashes some sea water on he face , splutter it out , then lick he lip . he be so thirsty . he look at the water jug , full now with he own vomit , turn away , begin to work on the sea anchor again . but the work make he even thirstier . he look at the jug again . pick it up . take a long drink . ext . ocean - day the fish return . Chuck get up with he spear , then put it down . badchuck what be you do ? goodchuck can not kill another one . can not . can not kill my friend anymore . badchuck you fuck bleed heart , you kill or you die . goodchuck why do they have to die for I ? badchuck they would eat you if they could . they be laugh at you . listen . Chuck listen . do not hear anything . goodchuck get to eat . Chuck pick up the spear , stab it , miss . suddenly he have a fish on the end of the spear . it struggle , he scoops it onto the raft , brutally pound on its head , twist the stone knife into its spine . the struggle stop . Chuck look at the dead fish and begin to sob . goodchuck I be so sorry . he cry uncontrollably . as he cry he cut off the head , pull out the eyeball , and eat each one . then he suck the marrow out of the head . then take the heart and eat that . then eat the liver . as he be chew , he cut the meat into strip . when he be do , he take the backbone , break it , and suck on it . Fish scale shine in he hair , blood cover he chest . ext . ocean - night the raft rock gently . Chuck look up . the strip of fish be glow . so be the deck where he kill the fish . he reach out to touch the fish strip . his hand be glow too . chuck I be a angel . suddenly he see other light . a ship . a ship be out there . and he hear it , a hum in deep register . he wave he hand . he yell . chuck here ! here ! his voice crack , we can barely hear it over the ocean . the light move on . chuck no...no ...no ... his raft be rock by the wake , rock hard . Chuck be throw into the water ! he come to the surface , sputtering . where be the raft ? he look one way , then another . darkness . this be the worst . he turn again in the water . there , dimly , he can see the glow from the fish he kill . the glow save he life . he swim toward it . he pull himself back on the raft . he lie there exhaust , the glow from the phosphorescence casting a greenish light on he face . ext . ocean - day Cloud be building up . in the distance lightning flash . the cloud come closer . Little bit of electricity jump off the mast . Saint elmos fire jump around Chuck 's hand . fascinate , he hold out he hand . the fire jump from he hand to the mast . suddenly lightning shoot from the sky and strike the ocean ! a huge spout of water explode like a depth charge . the crack be intense , then roll away . Chuck stare , then realize the danger and throw himself down on the raft . suddenly a wall of rain sweep over he and the ocean begin to roll . the thunder be deafen . lightn flash burst through the rain . chuck Sea anchor ! let out the sea anchor ! frantic , Chuck let out the sea anchor as the raft scud down a huge wave . the anchor catch , slow the raft so that it ride the wave down . the wave come at he high as house . the raft ride up one side , then plunge down the next . all Chuck can do be hold on . ext . ocean - day the storm have pass . the raft float on big dark roller . we hear the chirp and squeaking of dolphin . they come close to the raft . Chuck watch they play . then realize they be chase he fish . they drive they along , into the path of another dolphin , who dart in and rip into the dorado , turn the water around the raft into churn , bloody foam . chuck stop ! he take he oar and begin beat the water . the kill continue . chuck you fuck murderer ! suddenly the water be still . one dolphin stick its head out of the water and stare at Chuck , squeaking . another dolphin lift its head up , then another . they squeak to each other , clearly communicate and talk about Chuck . chuck I know you be talk about I ! he splashes the water with he oar . they dive , then jump into the air , squeaking as they go . chuck ( very softly ) take I with you . they be go . chuck why I ? why I , God ? he begin to laugh . badchuck listen to this , Wilson . ( deep voice : God ) because you piss I off . ext . ocean - day Chuck try to stretch with some simple yoga . each movement take forever . he roll over onto he stomach and try to do a pushup . he can not . collapse onto the raft . badchuck you be fall apart . tries to do another pushup . can not . badchuck first you eat you fat , then you eat you muscle . he roll over . badchuck then you eat you mind . he look at the ocean . they be in a line of garbage , a thick slick of debris dumped off of ship . goodchuck Roll on you deep and dark blue ocean roll . he close he eye . after a minute they come open . goodchuck I be late , I be late , for a very important date . they slowly close again . badchuck I be lose . Goodbye . goodchuck no ! his eye come open again . badchuck look , just slip off the raft . the ocean would feel so good , the water 's so soft and warm . take a little swim . sleep . goodchuck you quitter you quitter you quitter . badchuck the sea be lovely , dark and deep . goodchuck but I have promise to keep . ( roll over ) and mile to go before I sleep . ( prop himself up ) and mile to go before I sleep . ( purpose now ) get to fix the sea anchor . use the sail . badchuck use the sail for a sea anchor and you will not move . goodchuck if I do not have a sea anchor I will capsize . badchuck die tomorrow or die today . he hum Beethoven 's fifth . BA BA BA bum . badchuck that 's death knock , knock on you door . crazy little woman come knock , knock at my front door ... goodchuck grow up , stop be such a baby . other people get through a lot worse . badchuck yeah , sure , what ? he hum to himself , begin to sing , Beatles . badchuck I be so tired , my mind be on the blink ... he pull in the loose sea anchor rope , which be cover with barnacle . he scrape the barnacle off the rope into the water jug , then sip it . the sun be set , huge ray shoot out across the sky . out of the empty ocean the dorados suddenly appear , leaping flash of silver right by the raft . one dorado swim right by the raft , broadside . Chuck look at it , uncomprehend . then slowly reach for he spear . goodchuck what ? be you sacrifice yourself for I ? carefully he come to he foot , then shoot the spear into the fish . flapping and struggle , it land on the deck . Chuck pounce on it . ext . raft - night - moment later he cut it open . the other dorados ram the raft in fury , like a lynch mob . goodchuck damn it ! I have to do it ! the bang continue . goodchuck I be sorry ! he concentrate on he work , then sit back on he heel in amazement . there 's another fish inside . he hold that fish up , stare at it , then cut it open . there 's a smaller fish inside it . goodchuck I know there 's a moral here , God , but right now I be just go to eat . he pop out a eyeball , then another , and crunch they between he tooth . he take the heart and liver , start to eat , then stop . goodchuck forget to say grace . sorry Mom . he struggle to remember . goodchuck bless we o Lord , and this thy gift and Christ and the bounty about to receive , or something ... amen . he eat they . ext . raft - next morning Chuck splashes sea water on he face . adjust the water still . goodchuck please do not leak . please . Chuck pick up the smallest fish . it 's half digested . he wash it in the ocean , trigger fish come up and nibble at he finger . goodchuck do not look at I . it be that dorado . he cut the small fish and hang it on the stay . goodchuck you know , Wilson , every now and then we should say thank you . thank you God . badchuck thank you for fuck up my life . suddenly something bump the raft . hard . then again . goodchuck not again . fin cut the water . shark . a big hammerhead bump the raft . badchuck hum the theme from " jaw . " Chuck take he spear stab at the shark . badchuck he 's go to get you , go to get you ... another one circle in , bump the raft . goodchuck get away from I ! the shark circle again , that big hammerhead like a nightmare . goodchuck get he get he get he . he stab at it with he spear . he might as well have stab concrete . the shark circle , Chuck stab again . but the shark be go . goodchuck where be you ? where be you ? stabs again and again at the empty ocean . goodchuck stop ! you be use energy . move slowly . be patient . Chuck kneel , waver , on the raft . the ocean be calm . suddenly , bump . the raft tilt . Chuck hang on . then a shark appear , just out of spear range . its lifeless black eye seem to stare right through Chuck . if the dorado be a gift from God , this be a message from Hell . then the shark be go . ext . raft - day - moment later Chuck lie back on the raft . he be hum . badchuck what be you smile about ? they will be back . goodchuck I be dance on the roof of the peabody Hotel . with Kelly . he smile at the think . goodchuck the music end . we go back to the table . the waiter have bring dinner . New York Strip with bordelaise sauce . mushroom in brown gravy . roasted potato with garlic and rosemary . Green bean with almond . Fresh biscuit and cornbread , drip with butter . a nice salad with ranch dress . a jumbo shrimp cocktail . thinks about that , it spoil the picture . goodchuck no shrimp . ( then ) we eat . he close he eye . this be the great fantasy . goodchuck ( as the waiter ) for dessert , we have pecan pie a la mode , we have a double chocolate cake with creme anglaise , we have a nice pear torte , fresh key lime pie , or perhaps if you care to wait a few minute , a grand marnier souffle ? Chuck think over the option , think of each one . goodchuck why , bring they all , bring they all . he roll over . there , square in he vision , be a ship , its form come in and out of a low haze . Chuck jump to he foot . waves. scream . goodchuck here ! over here ! the ship move on . we can see the deck the rigging , the vastness of it . Chuck realize he be naked . struggle to pull on the remain of he pants finally hold they like a diaper with one hand as he continue to wave . on the ship no one be to be see . it be a spooky sight . the big tanker move on . we be on Chuck 's face . pass up again . then he realize what be about to happen . he throw out the sea anchor . he throw himself onto the raft and grip it as tight as he can , wiggle he foot into the rope . chuck oh , shiiiittt ! then come the wake of the ship . it rock the raft like a piece of flotsam . the raft ride high up on the wave , then shoot down it , but the sea anchor hold , and the raft slow and ride along with the wave . and then the sea be calm again . slowly Chuck sink to he knee . his hand let loose he pants . he lie down on the raft and imagine the conversation with the ship 's captain . chuck permission to come aboard , sir . chuck / captain permission grant . chuck May I ask , where be you bound ? chuck / captain San Francisco . and you ? chuck as it happen , I be head for Frisco myself . chuck / captain would you do we the honor of join we ? we be just sit down at mess . pork chop and gravy , cranberry , baked potato with all the trimming , fresh - baked bread , apple pie ... chuck no please , join I . some sundry fish strip , a few eyeball , some gill to munch on . the depression come back again . badchuck they be never go to see you . you be just another piece of trash in the ocean . goodchuck they be on autopilot . badchuck they be always on autopilot . or else it 's night , or you be in the sun , or you be in the trough of a wave . they will never see you . goodchuck damn it ! do not be so negative ! Chuck pick up Wilson . goodchuck Wilson , what 's you story ? he hold Wilson close to he chest . badchuck I float . you sink . end of story . goodchuck I be serious . I be always go on about I , I , I . enough about I . you turn . badchuck it 's a fuck soccer ball , you idiot . goodchuck shut up . he lie on the raft and hold Wilson close . we move up until we see -- ext . ocean - aerial - evening Chuck lie curl up on the raft , Wilson cradle in he arm , and all around the vast empty ocean . ext . ocean - next morning Chuck slowly wake up . set Wilson aside . goodchuck do not shirk , do not procrastinate , do not be lazy . we be okay today . we be okay today . and the other Chuck begin to laugh . goodchuck shut up . the laughter go on . goodchuck shut the fuck up ! I mean it . he stand up and check the horizon . goodchuck what 's so damn funny ? badchuck you be . suddenly Chuck see something on the horizon . a bank of cloud . a cone of -- land . he squint , stare again . the cloud part . it look like -- he island . Chuck do not know whether to feel joy or despair . goodchuck Jesus . badchuck look again , asshole . it 's a mirage . Chuck squint . goodchuck it 's real . badchuck nothing out there but ocean . goodchuck let 's get a second opinion . Wilson ? what do you see ? Chuck pick up the soccer ball , hold it up , and stare out at ... ocean . ext . raft - day - later Chuck slowly write on the sail . chuck Chuck noland . bear October 8 , 1958 . die -- pick a date -- July 11 , 1998 . and now the epitaph . met deadline . kept appointment . lose without a trace . he sit back , look at the mock headstone . badchuck what do it matter if fedex be five minute late one day ? the next day we just start over again . goodchuck it matter . we do the best we can , that 's all we have . badchuck then we have just get shit . he go on write . chuck I be write this to remind myself to live a better life . if I be lose , perhaps you who find this will be instruct to live a better live yourself . live each day . Love you child . do not take anyone for grant . badchuck be that it ? life be a fuck Disney movie ? the wave begin to grow , the ocean turn a slate gray . Far above he , great frigate bird circle . suddenly one dive on a booby which have catch a fish . the great frigate bird swoops all around the booby until , panicked , it drop the fish , which plummet toward the sea . with a graceful dive , the huge bird grab the fish and then soar up on a thermal , high into the sky . lightn flash back and forth across the horizon , which be turn black and dark . Thunder roll . ext . raft - night the raft go up and down huge wave . every few second lightning flash , illuminate the raft and Chuck hold desperately to it , he eye wild with fear . ext . raft - morning the wave continue . Chuck hold on , he face pale . badchuck you can not make it . goodchuck shut up . I do not feel like die today . ext . ocean - day - later the sky clear . the wave be still big . the fish be back . and then come the shark , cut through the water . Chuck can not get up to get he spear , he just have to watch as blood darken the water . and then the shark be go . Chuck come to he knee slowly , then a big wave hit . Wilson be sweep into the ocean ! for a moment Chuck be uncomprehend . he watch as Wilson slowly float away . chuck please , no shark . then he dive in to the water ! swim frantically after Wilson . Wilson float away from he . he swim , but he 's so weak . finally he get to Wilson . he reach out , but only push the ball farther away . it bob on the wave . Chuck tread water , exhaust . where be the raft ? chuck jesus. jesus. Jesus . then he turn back the other way . the raft have drift by he . he can go after Wilson , or he can go after the raft . chuck shit! Wilson ! he swim toward the raft , barely move . no matter how hard he swim , the raft seem to recede from he . finally he reach it , hang on the side , breathe hard , choke , cry . he struggle to pull himself on board . but he be weak , so weak . he can not do it . summon some primitive reserve of strength , he try again . this time he slide on . he lie on the raft , panting . then with all he strength he pull himself to he foot , hold on to the mast , scan the ocean for Wilson . chuck Wilson ! nothing but wave . this be too much . Chuck start to cry . ext . raft - day - later Chuck take a swallow of water , wash it around in he mouth , then swallow . with he wet tongue he lick he crack lip . the sun break through the cloud . with what strength he have leave , Chuck raise the canopy , fasten it . he sit in the meager shade , he head between he knee . close he eye . just for a minute . ext . ocean - day - later a different sort of shadow cross Chuck 's face . he open he eye . there , riding right beside he raft , be a ship , a huge rusty tanker . someone shout down in a language we do not understand . Chuck sit up , can not believe it . struggle to cover himself . ext . ocean - day - later Chuck be lift up the rusted steel side of the boat in a Jacob 's ladder . ext . ship - day - later Chuck step on board , can not support himself . the crew gather around . none of they speak English , but there be a spontaneous outburst of human connection . one man bring some water . another a blanket . another some warm tea . Chuck sit there , shiver now . chuck thank you . oh thank you . deliriously happy . delirious . int . U.S. naval hospital - hawaii a cavernous hanger - size ward brightly light and fill with row upon row of hospital bed , each with its table , side chair , and lamp , each with a stainless steel bedpan and neatly fold sheet and blanket stack ready to use , and each completely empty . except for one . and on that bed we see Chuck , in a blue hospital gown . a iv drip into he arm . he play idly with the remote control of the bed . he raise the head , then the foot . he push another button and the knee rest bend the bed again . a doctor enter , carry a thick chart . Chuck give he a big manic grin . malcolm macdowell in " a clockwork Orange . " chuck my favorite doctor . what 's the verdict ? doctor under the circumstance you overall health be good . that salt water boil you pick up on the raft be ulcerate , but they be heal nicely . he check he blood work record . doctor hemoglobin 's 10.8 -- you be anemic , that 's why we be give you iron . potassium 's low -- we be give you a electrolyte solution with you iv . sodium 's over 150 , way too high . you may experience swell in you extremity as you rehydrate and discharge the salt . in spite of you dietary deficiency there 's no sign of mental deterioration . Chuck have be try not to laugh . now he can not stop himself . doctor what 's so funny . Chuck can not seem to help laugh at everything . chuck sorry ...sorry ... why do my joint still ache ? doctor dehydration . vitamin deficiency . protein deficiency . any or all of the above . chuck all I eat be fish . that 's solid protein . doctor protein digestion be very costly in water usage . chuck which I do not have . doctor and fish be very low in fat , which be energy inefficient . so you be go to burn up you own cell no matter how much you eat . luckily you eat the eye and pancreas , which contain some vitamin C , so you do not get scurvy . Chuck laugh again . chuck I be one lucky guy . doctor you body chemistry and you exposure to the element would normally lead to irritability , depression , anxiety , period of self - reproach . it 's almost like schizophrenia . different side of you personality might come to life , speak out , act out . chuck but all that 's behind I . I be fine now . he start to laugh again . doctor if you say you be . chuck I most definitely say I be . doctor Doctor hegel tell I he discuss the Vietnam pow syndrome with you . Chuck stifles he laughter . chuck yes , yes he do . doctor you be aware of the potential disruptiveness on you love one when you return to you old life ? chuck not to mention on I . the laughter again . unsettle . doctor you sure you do not want some counseling ? Chuck give he biggest smile . chuck Doc , I be not on the island . I be not on the raft . I be alive . I be so glad to be back , I can not tell you . I just want out of here . doctor well , when that iv run out , you be through with we . just the dentist tomorrow . int . hospital - night - later Rolling he iv , Chuck walk very slowly out of the ward . every step be a effort . int . phone cubicle - night - minute later a small windowless room with only a desk and a phone , light by a fluorescent lamp . Chuck be listen to the phone ring . Kelly answer . kelly ( v.o. ) hello . Chuck be overcome for a moment , can not say a word . kelly ( v.o. ) hello ? hello ? for some reason he can not keep himself from laugh . he cover the mouthpiece and laugh . and then we hear a dial tone , harsh , mechanical , final . ext . phone cubicle - minute later we can see Chuck inside , stare at the phone . int . phone cubicle - minute later we hear a faint persistent hum . Chuck look around , try to locate the sound . he look up , focus on the fluorescent light , that background sound he can no longer tune out , then pick up the phone again . ext . phone cubicle Stan answer the phone . stan ( v.o. ) hello ? chuck Stan , it 's Chuck ... Chuck noland ... the laughter again . stan ( v.o. ) whoever you be , you be one sick fucker . and again we hear the dial tone . int . phone cubicle - moment later Chuck 's on the phone again . chuck two valium and the Rolling Stones . that ring a bell ? there 's a long silence . then we hear Stan 's voice . stan ( v.o. ) God damn ! God damn ! Chuck , it 's you ! chuck it 's I . stan ( v.o. ) you be fuck dead ! chuck I be most definitely not dead . and as I recall , you be the sick fucker . Chuck begin to laugh , a little too loud , a little too shrill . he 's on a high . ext . hawaii - beach restaurant a terrace by the ocean . tables fill with diner . food be deliver by waiter . so simple , eat . so take for grant . at one table sit Chuck , dress in a Hawaiian shirt and short , with a half - dozen plate in front of he . he gesture to the waiter . bring I more . it all taste so damned good . behind he be the ocean . Chuck do not glance at it . int . dentist - next day a attractive dental technician with a Australian accent clean Chuck 's tooth with a ultrasound device . she 's close , very close . Chuck look up at she . she look really good . she smile at he , then touch the gap where he knock out he tooth . technician you sure you do not want to have the implant do here ? we do quite good work . Chuck shake he head : no . she scrape behind he front tooth . technician hmmm , you do have such a lot of tarter behind this front incisor . a little wider , please . Chuck open he mouth even further . the technician talk on in the self - absorb way dental technician sometimes do , that constant babble of human contact which Chuck have not hear for four year . technician anyway , so the second prosthetic foot work better , but he still could not drive he new cortina , it be a standard shift , if you follow I . Chuck nod . I follow you . technician but would he hear of I drive he around ? not on you bloody life . rinse please . Chuck do . Stan burst into the room . stan Chuck ! God damn ! Chuck struggle out of the chair . stan God damn . God damn . God damn . they be both almost overcome . Stan hold Chuck by the shoulder and look at he . stan you be alive , you be fuck alive ! Chuck laugh , thrilled to see Stan . chuck I beat the odd ! stan you beat them to shit , pal ! Jesus ! technician I still need to floss you . Stan notice the technician . stan hello . chuck this be amber . her boyfriend lose he foot in a shark attack . he say this with a absolute straight face , hold back the laughter with great effort . instantly there 's this connection again between he and Stan . technician ex-boyfriend . stan really . and he and Chuck make eye contact and we see a glimpse of they share unspoken irony . stan uh , there 's somebody out here who want to see you . Chuck stare sharply at he . Kelly ? Stan nod , but there 's something he want to say . stan she think you be dead . we all do . that 's not all Stan want to say . but Chuck be limping out the door . int . dentist - waiting room typical dentist wait room . chair , tropical fish tank , magazine , a few wait patient ... and Kelly , look nervous . slowly and painfully Chuck enter . he 's quite a sight . she stand up . there 's a long moment where they look at each other . then she come into he arm . hold he tight . she 's part laugh , part cry . kelly I be sorry ... I be sorry ... chuck hey ...hey ... it 's okay ! Chuck be happy , he 's still riding the high . kelly you be so thin . be I hurt you ? well , maybe a little , but who care ? he have not be hugge or barely touch in so long . chuck no...no ... feel good ... she disengage , look at he with that old smile . kelly right back , you say you would be right back . chuck a few thing come up . or go down . he meet she gaze , look she over with a smile . chuck you look ... wonderful . I like you hair . he notice the ring on she hand . kelly I get marry . chuck I think you might have . kelly I would never -- chuck I know . kelly if I would know you be alive -- chuck I would have do the same thing . his response come so quick . Chuck seem blissfully sure of himself . kelly I do not want to . it just happen . one day Gary be there . he take care of everything . he take care of I . I be a mess . chuck you have any child ? Kelly nod . chuck get a picture ? Kelly fish for a photo , show it to Chuck . it 's a little girl with a dog . kelly her name 's Hannah . chuck be that jango ? kelly no , this be Jack . jango be hit by a ups truck . can you believe it ? Chuck laugh . it be funny , sort of . chuck life 's just one big joke after another . Stan appear , take in the scene . the few patient wait be edge into the corner , try to look occupy with something else . stan how about we go somewhere else ? chuck want to see my raft ? ext . hawaii - day Chuck 's raft sit up on a dock . Kelly stand stare at it . how small and fragile it look . stan this stink really bad . chuck you should have smell I . Stan examine the rope around the log . stan cool rope . chuck I braid they . stan must have take a hell of a long time . chuck time I have lot of . Kelly point at something on the raft . kelly what 's that ? chuck that 's my sea anchor . my second one . make it out of part of the sail . it keep you from capsize in a storm . in theory . ( pick up he still ) and this , this I use to collect water . about half a cup a day . he 's not feel sorry for himself . it 's just a fact . stan you be how long on this ? chuck forty - three day . they look at the tiny raft . it speak for itself . kelly all that time I wait to go on a cruise , and you go without I . chuck yeah , well ... could not be help . Kelly notice the sail , see the write on it . kelly what 's that , write on the sail ? chuck my epitaph . Kelly read it to herself . her eye be moist . chuck bad body chemistry . make I a little morbid . but I be all over that now . and he seem really to believe it . stan I will be at the car . ( to Kelly ) take you to the airport . and he leave . kelly I bury you , Chuck . they have to pry my finger off you coffin . this interest Chuck to no end . chuck there be a coffin ? kelly yeah , coffin , headstone , the whole thing . chuck what be inside ? kelly you calendar , you cell phone , you whoo pig sooey hat , some picture of that ketch you want . chuck that about sum it up . kelly maybe now 's when you tell I about it . chuck the plane go down . my friend die . I wash up on a island . then I find this barrel , build the raft , and here I be . kelly yeah ? chuck the tide come in , the tide go out . I survive . that 's the headline . I survive . kelly do not overwhelm I with the detail . ( she smile remember ) you know how I hate that . he try to put it into word , be not quite sure how . kelly ( gently ) come on . try. chuck cliches , mainly . do not take anyone for grant . do not sweat the small stuff . live each day like it 's you last . kelly so simple to say , so hard to do . chuck not when you have no choice . Kelly look down at the raft . it 's so small . kelly you hate be alone . could not stand it . busy every minute . always plugge into something . chuck I do not know what really be alone be . no one back here do . he have something more to say . she wait . chuck we be not mean to be alone . not like that . share life , that 's what come to I out there . be with someone . and that 's the point , be not it ? we be social animal . no man be a island . kelly this be so unfair . chuck that 's what I tell the fish I catch . but I eat they anyway . and the laughter come again . Kelly grin , embarrassed , a little worried . kelly you okay ? chuck great . really . she stare at he face , reach out , touch it again , this time with great tenderness . he nod , she touch feel so good . a wave of emotion come over she : pity ? love ? kelly what will you do ? chuck I do not know . I really do not know . we hear a distant beep - beep , discrete as a car horn can be . kelly I have get to get back to Memphis . Hannah 's babysitter have final . chuck it mean a lot ... that you come . kelly I have to come . to be sure you be okay . they hold each other . for a long time . kelly I love you , Chuck . chuck you too . kelly I be so glad you be alive . Chuck grin . chuck you too . then she head for the wait car . Chuck stand by he raft , watch she go . int . fedex plane - night Chuck and Stan ride on the plane . Chuck be come down off he survival high . he have the angel wing fedex package with he . stan when I first show up , I think you would lose you fuck marble . chuck I never think it would end . then it do . it be so great to be save , I could not stop laugh . Stan pull a flask out of he bag . stan you need a drink . Stan take two glass from he bag , rest they on a fedex container , and pour the whiskey . chuck for year my only drink buddy be a soccer ball . Wilson . Stan hoist he glass . stan to Wilson . chuck to Wilson . now 's when Stan get to the question he 's be want to ask , that Kelly want to know , that we all want to know . stan so , what 's it all about ? Chuck stare at he . stan you have be over the line and you come back . you have be save , hallelujah ! chuck hallelujah . Stan look over at he . stan I be serious . the burn bush , the big picture , the word in neon ... chuck what 's it all about ? it 's about be so thirsty you would crush a fish 's backbone to suck out the spinal fluid -- that 's what it 's about . Stan sit back , repulse but relieved . stan do what it take . that 's what I always tell you . he pour another drink . stan to life . fuck them if they can not take a joke . chuck to life . stan that 's all there be . chuck believe I I know . he take a sip of he drink , just savore it , think . chuck but it 's not be bold or be in the game or roll the dice . all that thing Stan use to tell he . chuck when I be go crazy , on the raft , I would argue with myself about everything . because everything have a price . to get anything -- a sip of water , a little corner of shade , a hour 's sleep -- I have to let go of something else . and then I could never get it back . he think some more . chuck you do not win or lose . you win and lose . he look out the window . chuck you win and lose . and Chuck have . Big time . ext . memphis airport - night a fedex md - 11 land . ext . memphis superhub - moment later the md - 11 taxi up . as usual , the superhub be a frenzy of activity . a load crew stand ready , forklift poise . even this plane carry package . phil steele , the chairman of fedex , Leslie , becca , Dick , and other executive wait on a special podium near the gangway . everyone look different -- older , a mustache here , a thicken around the belly there . behind a barrier a cluster of camera film the scene . the plane cut its engine . the stair be roll out . forklift and gangway move forward . cargo door open . Chuck appear in the door . he hold the fedex Package and a small travel bag . Chuck blink against the light and the glare . Stan be right by he . everyone burst into applause and cheering . after four year of total solitude this be completely overwhelming . stan smile . Chuck smile . stan Wave . and Chuck wave . he 's overwhelm by all the input . Stan steer Chuck down the step as the cheer continue . at the bottom of the step Roger step forward . the two brother embrace each other . after a moment Roger disengage . Mary give Chuck a hug . mary oh Chuck -- chuck where 's Mom ? roger wait for you . at the farm . this be too much -- he look around at the crowd . chuck tell I about it . Stan nudge Chuck . time to go to the podium . roger glad you make it , big brother . Stan and Chuck head for the podium . all the loader and operator and package scanner begin to applaud . Chuck smile , then laugh , get into the emotion . he keep up a almost indecipherable babble underneath the cheer . occasionally he see someone he know . chuck wow . thank you . great . thank you . hey , rasheed , how you do ? thank you all . ext . superhub - wide Chuck make he triumphant way through this amazing collection of cheer people like mose parting the Red Sea . ext . superhub - platform with a big smile phil steele hold out he hand to Chuck . steele welcome home . he step to the microphone and address the superhub . steele this be a extraordinary moment . and it should be mark in a extraordinary way . with something we have never do since this company be found . ( pause ) stop the line ! ext . superhub - series of shot all over the superhub , belt come to a halt . forklift stop . track station shut down . the vast flow of package be suddenly still . the incredible din of activity be suddenly quiet . the stillness and the silence be unexpected and palpable . thousands of worker stop as well , stare either up at Chuck directly or at he image on video screen . we hear phil 's voice pipe in . ext . superhub - platform phil hold a plaque . steele four year ago we place this plaque in honor of Charles noland , and two just like it in honor of Al Morris and John Durham , the two brave pilot who go down with he . as he talk , we stay on Chuck , who be take in this amazing scene , not really listen . steele Chuck endure year of hardship and loneliness . like lazarus , Chuck have come back from the dead . Chuck , this be you family , all of we . so it give I great pleasure ... to take this plaque ... and to present it to we long lose son . welcome home . he hand the plaque to Chuck . Chuck acknowledge the cheer of the crowd . chuck thank you . thank you very much ... everyone applaud . chuck give I a minute . I have spend four year look out at a empty ocean . he laugh , a short brittle laugh , compose himself . chuck it 's all so -- big . you never think you will miss -- all this . but I do . I really , really do . and I miss all of you . he look over at the hub . chuck you have add some new belt , and what 's that ? he point at some high tech equipment on the edge of the shed . stan digital laser reader . chuck digital laser reader . wow. terrific . he look around at everyone , do not know what else to say . chuck I have never hear it this quiet . should not you all be get back to work ? the tension be break . everyone laugh . phil steele motion with he hand . let it be do . another angle - wide the vast , incredible machinery creak to a start . everyone shake Chuck 's hand as he leave the podium . as he head for the car , reporter shout question . int . car - memphis freeway we be assault by a surge of light , motion , activity . snake line of traffic in both direction , big overpass , the city rise beyond . Stan drive with a certain aggressiveness . Chuck look out at the traffic , at all the activity , at the vast intricate anthill of humanity go everywhere and nowhere . chuck take you time . stan what ? chuck that 's what it 's about . stan be patient . do not rush thing . I get it . he swerve into another lane . chuck not just that . take you time . use it . live it . stan deep , real deep . he grin , cut across to the exit . stan so where to ? the office ? the hotel ? the beach ? Chuck stare at he . be you kid ? stan what , then ? chuck deliver this package . then , I dunno . stan ( be : the package ) you want that deliver , we will deliver it . that 's what we do . chuck I need to do it . stan finish what you start . you have not change , Chuck . it 's still you . right . chuck you want to help , help I find the woman who send this . int . operation CENTER - day Stan and Chuck be in the office of a technician who be work away at he computer . the technician pull the bar code from the angel wing fedex box up on he computer screen . technician okay . after three year the ptr revert to tape storage , which be okay because we access it through the cpc . here it be . ( gesture at computer map ) ten package from the same sender . baku . Delhi . St. Petersburg . the guy be a real road warrior . this package be kuala lampur . no activity in he account after this package . no forward address after k.l . chuck what about the sender ? technician sure. bettina Peterson . marfa , Texas . let 's run a current check . he work some key , wait . technician hmmm . durango , Colorado ; asheville , North Carolina , then ... cancel she account . chuck can you find she ? technician you be look at a level III search . for you level III , you gotta have e- 4 authorization . I do not have it . stan I do . he hold out a badge . technician okay , let 's let it rip . he start to pull up the data . chuck thanks . for everything . stan no sweat . ext . chuck motel - that night Chuck leave the motel , the angel box under he arm . he tie it into a pannier on the side of a bicycle . ext . memphis - chickasaw garden - night Chuck sneak up to a craftsman cottage and stand by a tree with a swing on it . Inside we see Kelly make dinner for she husband , who play with they daughter . for a moment Chuck watch through the window , and we watch with he . then the dog begin to bark . ext . cemetery - night Chuck walk through the cemetery late at night . he come to he gravestone , stare for a long moment at the inscription , then take out a spray can of paint and put a handprint on it . he get back on he bicycle and ride away . ext . highway - day Chuck ride he bicycle down a road lead into the South . ext . freeway - day Chuck negotiate a overpass crossing a interstate highway . headed in both direction , car whoosh by beneath he . ext . highway - dusk - later Chuck ride down a narrow road , shroud in mist . moss drip from the tree reach over the road . a car go by . then another , they light like halos in the fog . it 's a mystical scene , a passage . ext . arkansas - night Chuck get off he bicycle in the rain and walk toward a roadside cafe . int . cafe - night Chuck draw on a paper place mat as he wait for he meal at a counter . above the counter the television play . announcer and here 's more from dingo dodd , we Australian correspondent , on the extraordinary story of Chuck noland , the modern Robinson crusoe . the waitress set a plate down in front of Chuck , turn to watch . on the tv we see a Australian correspondent stand on Chuck 's beach . dingo dodd shark infest water ! a desert island ! surrounded by reef ! accessible only by helicopter ! for four year Chuck noland survive here alone , eat fish , coconut and clam , he only companion a soccer ball . Chuck be stare at the screen , see he cave , see all that year . dingo dodd I be now in Chuck 's cave where he pass the lonely night , painting on the wall like some prehistoric caveman . what do Chuck feel ? this painting tell the story , but only Chuck know what they mean . and he 's not talk . on the screen we see a photograph of Chuck . the waitress look over at Chuck . the other client look at he too . chuck check , please . the waitress come over . waitress no charge , honey . but could you just sign that place mat for I ? Chuck look down at he doodling . hesitates . then sign he name . int . tyson's chicken - arkansas - day thousands of chicken carcass hang on hook circle through the huge processing plant , a vast structure on the scale of the superhub or the Hospital . Chuck 's Mom , dress in white with a hairnet , enter a window office in the b.g. through the window we see she hug Chuck . int . tyson's chicken - office - arkansas - day we be in the office now . Chuck 's Mom 's eye be moist . chuck when would you start work here ? mom Roger get I on . I be not do anything , and -- but you be back , you be really back . I would have come to Memphis , but -- chuck I want to come here . int . frame house - arkansas - day Chuck eat a Southern fry drumstick . the table be full of home - cook food . mom have some more potato salad . Chuck gesture , no , I be full . she put down the spoon . chuck that be great , Mom , just great . he look around the house , everything in its place . his mother have be here for forty year . there 's a big crack run down from the ceiling . chuck I have get all this back pay come . why do not you let I get you a place in town ? mom this be my home . I be part of the wallpaper . she study he for a moment . mom you miss it , do not you ? you miss that island . he do , but that 's not it entirely . chuck miss that island ? Mom , come on . she look at he . she know she boy . mom what a journey you have have . it seem more than a person should have to bear . chuck the tide save I , Mom . I live by it . I be just wonder where it will take I next . she look at he , think about this . mom remember the family motto . in time . it will come to you , in time . ext . arkansas - day Chuck ride away from the small neat frame house , down a country lane with trailer up on block . ext . gulf coast - day Chuck leave a cheap motel as the sun come up . ext . MISSISSIPPI gulf coast - day - later Chuck ride on a ferry , the wind blow he face . the sky be gray and drizzly . he smell the salt water . watch the wave . ext . gas station - day Chuck ask for direction . a kid in baggy pants and no shirt point he down the road . ext . gas station - moment later Chuck pull some clothes out of he saddle bag . ext . gas station - moment later Chuck emerge from the restroom wear a fedex shirt and short . ext . beach house - hour later a classic beach house . Sand dune , stilt . carry the angel wing box under he arm , Chuck check the address in he hand . mount the step . a light mist fall . you can see the Gulf behind the house , gray and moody . a woman , bettina , answer the door -- the woman from the beginning . she wear cut - off jeans and a blue work shirt cover with paint . there 's a tattoo on she ankle . chuck fedex for bettina Peterson . the woman stare in disbelief at the package she have not see in year and never expect to see again . bettina where do you get that ? Chuck display a fedex badge . chuck Charles noland . fedex special project . bettina notice Chuck 's bicycle . bettina you come on a bicycle ? no wonder it 's so late . chuck there be a unavoidable delay . bettina stare at the package , she own memory come back . bettina well , I have to say , I be impressed . you never give up . chuck no . she hold the box and study he for a long moment . something -- the look on he face , the extraordinary reappearance of this long - lose package -- make she curious . bettina you know what happen to this ? chuck as much as anybody . bettina want to come in ? get dry for a minute . chuck okay . sure . she let Chuck in the door . int . house - day ladder . scaffold . huge painting be everywhere . painting of wing and angel -- like the package . Chuck stare at they . bettina watch Chuck stare . bettina I have get some coffee on . would you like some ? int . kitchen - later bettina pour some coffee . the package sit in the counter . some magazine be spread around , include a people Magazine with Chuck 's photograph on the cover . chuck ( take a sip ) it 's good . they smile awkwardly at each other . she start to open it . bettina hmmm . feel like it might have get wet . chuck possible . so you do that wing ? bettina yeah . a long time ago . chuck they be harder to do than they look . bettina oh ? you have try ? chuck well , I do a little draw -- she 's open the package . she pull out the bottle of salsa and the letter . chuck we apology that it never make it to the recipient . bettina he be a sorry sonofabitch , and I be sorry I ever marry he . there be a moment where neither know what to say . bettina you look familiar . her eye start to register recognition . she glance at the magazine with Chuck 's picture on it . she pick it up . bettina I can not believe this . I -- I -- they be ... you be a gift artist . you be into something very powerful . primal . truly . chuck well , not really , I -- bettina you be . yes you be . ( so many thing she want to say ) what give you the idea to paint on that cave ? Chuck think about that . after a moment , he grin . chuck to tell you the truth -- you do . bettina do you ... have any more package to deliver ? chuck no. that be the last one . bettina just sit here , I will get we some lunch . Chuck sit back on the couch , take in the sight of the ocean in the light rain . he look over at all the canvase , the easel , the palettes . the wind rustle the palm tree around the house . the surf crash and rustle . familiar sound . Island sound . he relax a little . maybe the package with the wing be a sign , he keep it all this year precisely for this . then there 's a sound of a truck in the driveway . the engine cut off . there be step on the porch . the door open . a tan muscular man in neatly keep work clothes come in , hang a tool belt on a hook by the door . he look at Chuck with a relaxed , even stare , as if see a man in a fedex uniform sit on he couch be not a unusual occurrence . man hey . chuck hey . bettina ( o.s. ) in here ! the man nod at Chuck , go into the kitchen . we be on Chuck 's face . who 's this ? we hear muffle laughter from inside . ext . beach house - hour later arm around each other , the man and the woman say goodbye to Chuck . in the front yard be a panel truck paint with two angel wing . the man grin at Chuck , a easy , friendly grin . man come back anytime . coffee 's always on . do not even have to bring we a package . chuck that be my last one . bettina hand Chuck a sheet of paper . bettina the list of paint and brushes I do for you . he take it , not exactly sure he want it . bettina keep painting . promise I . chuck sure . ext . beach house - moment later Chuck ride he bicycle away , along the shore . ext . beach - minute later Chuck ride along the beach . up ahead we see a fedex truck . ext . beach - moment later Chuck get off he bike as a female fedex driver put chock under the wheel , which have stick in the sand . chuck need some help ? driver you bet I do . High tide come right up to this road . ext . beach - moment later Chuck push on the truck as the driver give it gas . the truck slowly pull back onto the pavement . ext . beach - moment later the Driver get out of the truck with a grin . she have a open , friendly face . there 's a instant connection between they . driver hey , thanks . I would never have get that out by myself . look at he uniform . at the bike . driver you be not out of pascagoula , be you ? chuck no . where be he from , anyway ? chuck I use to drive one of that . a long time ago . driver hey , once a driver , always a driver . you want a lift ? I have just get one more pickup . chuck sure . he pick up he bike . int . fedex truck - moment later the fedex truck make its way down the beach , Chuck in he uniform , the Driver in hers . two fedex people in a truck . the Driver look over at Chuck . driver you be Chuck noland . chuck yeah . driver / erica I know it ! you be a legend ! Mr. Robinson crusoe . chuck well -- erica I know I recognize you . my name 's erica . they smile at each other . then she smile a little more . erica do you really steal a crippled kid 's bicycle to make you delivery , or be that just some bullshit story ? chuck I do not steal it , and he be not crippled . erica laugh . erica otherwise it 's completely true . and that make Chuck laugh , really laugh , for the first time . chuck yeah , completely . she look over at he with a grin . erica what bring you out to the stick ? chuck have a package to deliver . erica you ? personally ? chuck I have it on the island with I . erica must be a story there . there 's a connection building here , effortlessly . ext . beach - moment later we be wide on the beach , watch the truck move along the water , kick up wisp of sand . chuck ( v.o. ) yeah , a long one . erica ( v.o. ) I have get lot of time . chuck ( v.o. ) so do i. the truck go down the beach and then turn inland , away from the ocean . away from all that . chuck ( v.o. ) so do i. and we pull back , take in the sweep of the beach , the estuary , and the green forest stretch back into America . the end be the beginning . fade out .