catch I if you can written by Jeff nathanson 1 int . - game show set . - day 1 black and white footage from 1978 music up : a simple game show set -- one long desk - that house four " celebrity panelist , " a small pulpit with attach microphone for the host , bud collyer , who walk through the curtain to the delight of the audience . Bud bow and wave to the celebrity -- orson bean , kitty carlisle , tom poston , and peggy cass . bud collyer hello , panel , and welcome everyone to another exciting day on " to tell the Truth . " let 's get the show start . the curtain start to rise bright light shine on the face of three men who walk toward center stage . all thre n wear identical airline pilot uniform , each with m ; c no blue blazer and cap . ( cont ' d) gentleman , please state you name . pilot # 1 my name be Frank abagnale Jr. the pilot in the middle step forward . pilot # 2 my name be Frank abagnale Jr. the third pilot do the same . pilot # 3 my name be Frank abagnale Jr. Bud smile , grab a piece of paper . bud collyer panel , listen to this one . ( he start to read ) my name be Frank abagnale Jr , and some people consider I the world great imposter . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 2 . 1 continued : 1 as Bud read , the camera slowly pan the face of the three pilot . bud collyer ( cont would ) ( reading ) from 1964 to 1966 I successfully impersonate a airline pilot for Pan be Airlines , and fly over two million mile for free . during that time I be also the Chief resident pediatrician at a Georgia hospital , the Assistant Attorney General for the state of Louisiana , and a Professor of american History at a prestigious University in France . by the time I be catch and sentence to prison , I have cashed over six million dollar in fraudulent check in 26 foreign country and all fifty state , and I do it all before my 18th birthday . to this day , I be the only teenager ever to have be place on the FBI ' 's most want list . my name be a abagna l e Jr. warm applause as the three men walk behind a desk that face the pa they all sit down at exactly the same time . bud colly ( cont would ) okay , panel , you have ork cut out for you . Kitty Carl , you have the first question . kitty carlisle imposter number one , how many year be you in prison ? pilot # 1 I serve two year in France , and five year in Atlanta , Georgia . kitty carlisle imposter number two , I find all this very fascinating . who be it that finally catch you ? slowly push in on the pilot in the middle -- a thin smile across he lip as he face the panel -- he manicure hand out in front of he on the desk -- he back ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 3 - 1 continued : ( 2 ) 1 straight in he chair -- he cap pull slightly forward on he head -- the way pilot like to wear they . 2 ext . - papigone maximum security prison . - marseille - night 2 super : marseille , FRANCE december 25 , 1967 a heavy rain fall on joe shape , 40' , who wear a black hat and hold a black umbrella as he bang on the window of a small guardhouse in front of a large gate prison . Joe be sneezing as he hold up a identification card to the guard . joe shape Joe shaye , FBI . 3 int . - papigone prison warden' office . - day 3 Joe be walk down a long corridor inside the prison , struggle to close he umbrella as he face warden garren and two guard . joe shape I have order see a prisoner name abagnale , t e he statement and solicit a c n ^ n so I can prepare for tomorrow ' tladition . Joe take a roll of cash out of h` ocket , casually slip the money to the warden . joe shape if I give you another twenty , will you turn up the heat in here ? 4 int . - papigone prison - franks cell / corridor . - day 4 warden garren be lead Joe down a small , isolate corridor just off the main floor . they pass cement door with metal slide hole and number tape to the front . there be no bar or window in this area , and complete silence . garren stop at the last cell and open the slide hole . warden garren do not pass he anything through the hole - garren walk off , and Joe immediately start to smile , look around for a long beat as he stare at the cell door . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 4. 4 continued : 4 joe shaye yoohoo . hello ? be the lady of the house at home ? Joe try to control he excitement as he kneel down and look through the metal slide hole . through the hole 5 int . - papigone prison - franks cell . - night 5 we see frank abagnale jr. , he face partially hide in the dim cell , which get its only light from a hang bulb . Frank be lie on the cement floor , he back up against the far wall . he wear only a pair of underwear and clutches a tear blanket . joe shaye Jesus , Frank , you look terrible . I hear about french prison , but this be positively barbaric . we hear a sound come fr ) dthe cell , and then heavy cough . jo , E ye ( cont ' d) that doesn ' t of d( rr4ood . I have a little cold my help I . joe shaye help you ? yes , I will help you , Frank . N why do you think I have be fight to have you extradite . why do you think I come to take you home ? do you know that 21 other country want ' you in they prison ? I see the list -- Egypt be on there . who the hell go to Egypt to write bad check ? frank I be sick ... please ... joe shaye do not worry , Frank , you just have to make it through one more night . and then tomorrow I will help you onto a plane , clean you up , and put you in a cell for the next twenty - five year . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 S. 5 continued : 5 inside the cell close on frank abagnale JR . his face cover by a beard and matte black hair . Frank close he eye and start to cough . frank help I , please . I can not breathe ... outside the cell Joe listen to Frank , who be cough so hard he start to choke . frank ( cont 'd ) can not ... breathe ... joe shaye do not start this shit , Frank . frank can not ... can not Joe look through the slot i e11 door , but can only see faint image of Frank rol the floor hold he throat - joe shaye ( cont would ) Frank , what 's happen ? damn it , just calm down ! somebody help I !! smash CUT 6 int . - papigone prison - franks cell / corridor . 6 the cell door be thrown OPEN Frank be be drag across the floor by warden garren and a second guard , each hold a arm as they drag Frank 's emaciate six - foot frame through the hall . Joe shaye jog behind the guard . joe shaye he 's not breathe . I think he stop breathe ! Debbie Zane - 6 . 7 int . - papigone prison infirmary . - day 7 a small , empty room with four empty hospital bed . Frank be lift onto one of the bed , he leg and arm flail out to the side , kick a thin curtain out from the wall . joe shaye what 's happen to he ? garren and the Guard quickly move toward a sink , where they start to wash they hand . joe shaye ( cont would ) what be you do ? assistant warden garren wash off the lice . joe shaye - he can not breath . you have to call a doctor . stant warden garren the doctor p fnl 'sf in the morning . you can not just t he die . I have order from the embassy ! this man be go t tradite to the United State be hold you responsible if ant happen ! suddenly garren look past shaye -- eyeing the curtain that partially enclose Frank 's bed . garren slowly move toward the curtain , push it open . frank be gone close on garren draw he gun and sprinting out the open door of the infirmary , yell in french for the Guard to follow . Joe shaye stand motionless , stare down in horror at the empty bed . joe shaye ( cont would ) oh , shit .. . Frank ! 8 int . - prison . - continuous 8 the prison alarm have send every prisoner to the front of they cell , where they see Frank stumbling through the prison -- ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 7. 8 continued : 8 a thin smile on he lip as he try to move he starve leg toward the main door . as Frank make he way past a row of cheer prisoner , he trip and fall , he body too weak to run as he start to crawl across the prison floor . Joe and garren easily catch up to he , garren quickly kneel down and hold he gun against Frank 's head -- cock the weapon . Frank stop crawl , roll over on he back and smile up at Joe shaye . frank okay , Joe ... let 's go home . 9 int . - new rochelle rotary club . - banquet room . - night 9 super : new rochelle . new jersey 1964 a smoke fill oak dining room pack with club member -- hundred of middle aged white men wear black suit and hold long cigar as they drink from brandy glass . frank abagnale , 15 , a buckley private school blue blazer and white pant with he mother , paula , 33 , at a center table near theme Paula be a stun blonde dress in diamond and and since she 's the only woman in the room -- she 's getti t of attention . club president jack wright take rophone at the front of the stage . jack wright the New rochelle rotary Club have a history that go back to 1859 . in all that year , we have only induct a handful of deserve man as lifetime member , a honor that have see 187 name enshrine on the wall of honor . tonight , we make it 188 . so please stand , as I present my good friend , Frank William abagnale . applause all around as frank abagnale sr . step up to the microphone . he be handsome and impeccable groom -- wear a black suit and hold onto he plaque with two hand . frank sr . two little mouse fall in a bucket of cream . the first mouse quickly give up and drown , but the second mouse would not quit . he struggle so hard , ( more ) ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 8. 9 continued : 9 frank sr. ( cont would ) that he eventually churn that cream into butter -- and crawle out . gentleman , as of this moment , I be that second mouse . laughter from the man in the room as Frank continue . frank sr. ( cont would ) I stand here today humble by the presence of Mayor Allen , and we club President , Jack wright . but most of all , I be honore to see my loving wife , Paula , and my son , Frank Jr. , sit in the front-row . I be just a business man , a work stiff -- but tonight you have make I royalty . and for this , I be eternally grateful . the man applaud as Frank sr. smile down at he wife and son , give they a wink as he raise the plaque in the air . 10 ext . - franks house . -/w rochelle . - day 10 a tree line , picture ce of suburbia , with large home splash with snow , can n the driveway and kid sledding in the street . 11 ext . - franks house christma4er2mf , - day 11 dean martin be sing everybod somebody on the radio , as Frank sr. hammer he plaque i the wall . in the middle of the den , Frank be dance with he mother , who be hold a glass of wine as she dance . paula you be a better dancer than you father , frankie . the girl do not know what they be in for . frank sr . Paula , show he the dance you be do when we meet . paula who can remember ? frank sr . the people in that little french Village be so happy to see Americans , that they decide to put on a show for we . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 9. 11 continued : 11 frank I know the story , dad . frank sr . so they cram two hundred soldier into this tiny social hall , and the first person to walk on stage be you mother . and she start to dance ... Paula step away from Frank , and she start to dance a ballet , smile as she try to remember the step . frank sr. ( cont would ) it have be month since we have even see a woman , and here 's this blonde angel on stage -- and the man be literally hold they breath . and I turn to my buddy , and I say .. frank ( imitate he father ) I will not lea France without she . Paula spin around , accide1 49 , ill her glass of wine -- paula oh , shit , the rug ! I b relieve I do that . frankie , run / get a towel ... as Frank run off , Paula drop to she knee and scrub the stain with the hem of she dress . paula ( cont 'd ) this will never come out . she look up at she husband . paula ( cont 'd ) whenever I dance for you , I get in trouble . 12 int . - franks house . - morning 12 Frank be asleep in he bedroom . his father walk in carry a plate of scramble egg . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 10 . 12 continued : 12 frank sr . wake up , Frank ... it 's eight - thirty . Frank open he eye , stare at he father . frank I oversleep . Mom 's gonna kill I . frank sr . it 's okay . you do not have to go to school today . frank be it snow ? frank sr . do you own a black suit ? frank a black suit ? why ? frank sr . we have a vermportant meeting in the city . 13 ext . - men' shop . - 13 the white cadillac be park ont of a men' clothing store -- Frank sr. bang of tme lass door , try to get someone 's attention . plï¿½y ( l frank sr . ma'am , open the door . just open up , please , it 's important . the door open a crack and darcy , 40' , low cut blouse , a bagel in she hand , stare at Frank sr . darcy we do not open for half a hour . frank sr . what 's you name , mar 'am ? darcy darcy . frank sr . darcy , that 's a pretty name . I be in a bit of fix -- I need a suit for my kid . this be my son , Frank , he need ( more ) ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 11 . 13 continued : 13 frank sr. ( cont would ) a black suit . there be a death in the family , my father , eighty - five year old , a war hero , there 's a funeral this afternoon -- a military funeral -- plane fly overhead , twenty - one gun salute . Frank need to borrow a suit for a couple of hour . darcy I be sorry . we do not loan suit , and we be not open . as she close the door , Frank sr. take a small gold necklace out of he pocket , hold it up to the glass . frank sr . be this yours , darcy ? I just find it in the parking lot ? darcy stare at the necklace through the door . 14 ext . - new york CITY . - DAB o 14 the cadillac be park somewh Frank , now wear a black suit a he father get out of the car andclimb into the back seat frank sr . slide over . you be gonna take I to chase Manhattan Bank . just head up to seventy - second and madison , pull up to the front and park next to the fire hydrant . Frank look back at he father . frank dad ... I do not know how to drive . 15 ext / int . - cadillac . - day 15 Frank be drive through Manhattan , he father in the back seat scream direction as he teach he to drive . they be both laugh as Frank speed through the city . ( continued ) debbie zane 12. 15 continued : 15 frank sr . a little more gas -- now slip it into second . that 's good , more clutch , now pull into this lane here -- slowly ! the cadillac swerve hard , almost hitting a cab -- car honking and slamming on there brake as frank sr . stick he head out the window . frank sr. ( cont would ) ( yell out the window ) do not honk at we you son of a bitch -- I be teach my kid to drive ! you be do fine , Frank , just pick a lane and slip it into third -- about one - o'clock -- push it hard . &lt ; a Frank slip it into third . frank sr_ ( cont would ) perfect ! now you get it ! look at you , Frank , t be you town -- you be goin 's aight up Broadway ! 16 int . - chase manhattan . 16 1 employees be helping cust rs the hushed silence of the massive bank . suddenly all ey to the street , where a chauffeur in a black suit and open the back door of a white cadillac that be p T to a FIRE hydrant . 17 ext . - chase manhattan bank . - day 17 Frank sr. step out of the cadillac , give he son a wink . frank sr . okay . stop grin . when I get inside you go back to the front seat and wait . even if a cop come and write you a ticket , you do not move the car , understand ? frank dad ... be this really gonna help ? frank sr . you know why the yankee always win , Frank ? frank they have mickey mantle ? ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 13 - 17 continued : 17 frank sr . no . it 's because the other team can not stop stare at that damn pinstripe . Frank sr. step out from the cadillac , grab he briefcase . frank sr. ( cont would ) watch this , Frank . the manager of chase Manhattan bank be about to open the door for you father . as Frank sr. casually walk toward the door of chase Manhattan , the manager rush through the bank to open the door for he . 18 int . - loan department . - chase manhattan bank . - day 18 Frank sr. be sit across from a loan officer , who be look over he file . loan officer you have own stationery store for how man rs ? loan of Mr. abagnale , we don ' ` ) 1y loan money to people who have resolve business with the I.R.S.. frank sr . that 's just a misunderstanding . I hire the wrong guy to do my book , a mistake anyone could make . I would not even consider that if I be you . loan officer you want I to ignore the fact that the government be demand two year back tax ? frank sr . my store be a landmark in New rochelle . I have customer all over New Jersey . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 14 . 18 continued : 18 loan officer Sir , you be not a customer of chase Manhattan . we do not know you . I be sure you be bank in New rochelle ... frank sr . my bank go out of business . bank like this put they out of business . Frank sr. lean in , lower he voice . frank sr. ( cont would ) now I know I make a mistake , I admit that . but this people want blood -- they want my store -- they have threaten to put I in jail . this be America , right , I be not a criminal . I be a medal of honor winner , a lifetime member of the New rochelle rotary Club . all I be ask you to do be help I beat this guy . lfrx officer this be not estion of win and lose . it , question of risk . I be very sort fran you be the large ion the world . where 's the fuck 19 ext . - used car lot . - day 19 a salesman be hand Frank sr. a check and a set of keys . salesman the impala be park right over there . Frank and he father glance toward a old , dented chevy impala at the back of the lot . salesman ( cont 'd ) it be great do business with you . the salesman get in the cadillac and drive it toward the front of the car lot . Frank sr. look down at the check in he hand . frank sr . come on , Frank . let 's go return the suit . Debbie 7 ana - S 15 . 20 ext . - franks house . - day 20 a moving truck be drive away from the house . the chevy impala be pack with box as it slowly pull out of the driveway , pass the sold sign on the front lawn as it follow the move truck through the neighborhood . 21 ext . - eastchester train station . - dusk 21 a cargo train shoot through the rain as it pull into a run down station that be flanke by the dilapidate apartment building and tenement house that make up the town of eastchester , new jersey . 22 int . - eastchester apartment - night 22 a two bedroom apartment with crack in the ceiling that seem to grow with each pass train . there be moving box stacked against the wall , and a dining room table that seem to take up half the apartment . Frank be in the kitchen make dinner as he father walk in from work -- he suit wx kle , he briefcase in hand . J p ank laugh with he . frank ( cont 'd ) I be make pancake . frank sr . we be not gonna eat pancake for dinner on my son 's sixteenth birthday . Frank turn to he father . frank sr. ( cont would ) why be you look at I like that ? you think I forget ? Frank open he briefcase , take out a checkbook from chase manhattan bank . he walk over and hand it to Frank . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 16 . 22 continued : 22 frank sr. ( cont would ) I open a check account in you name . I put twenty - five dollar in the account so you can buy whatever you want . do not tell you mother . Frank slowly open the checkbook , see he name at the top of the first check . frank but they turn down you loan ? frank sr . yeah . they all turn I down . frank so why open a bank account with they ? frank sr .. because one day you will want something from this people -- a house , a car -- they have all the money . there 's a hundred check ere , Frank , which mean from i day on -- you be in there littl 23 ext . - monroe high schoo morning 23 o fll '' the impala pull up to the for the local public High School . Frank wear he blue white pant as he get out of the car and smile be mother . Paula wear a old fur coat over she pajamas . I paula see that , it 's just a school . no different than Buckley . Frank reach through the window of the car , take the cigarette out of he mother 's mouth . frank you promise you be go to quit . paula frankie , you do not have to wear the uniform here . why do not you take the jacket off ? frank I be use to it . Debbie Zane - 5 17 . 24 int . - monroe high school . - day 24 Frank walk through the crowded hall look lose as he hold a CLASS schedule . he get odd look and stare from the kid around he . 25 int . - classroom . - day 25 Frank walk into a pack classroom , the student turn to stare as he check he schedule . frank be this Ms. glasser 's sixth period french ? some of the student laugh , most just turn back to they friend as Frank nervously adjust he tie . a girl in the front row stare at Frank . student be you the sub ? Frank look around for `ï¿½ teacher , then slowly start to nod_ Frank walk toward the blac write he name on the board -- mr. abagnale . he S ack of a eraser against the board to get the student a n . frank ( cont 'd ) I listen up , class . my name be Mr. abagnale and I will be you substitute today . would somebody please tell I where you leave off in you text book ? girl chapter seven . frank open you book to chapter eight , read quietly to yourselves . the classroom door swing open , and a frail , confuse teacher walk in and motion to Frank . teacher be you subbing for roberta ? ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 18. 25 continued : 25 frank yes . teacher they send for I -- they say they need a sub . I rush over here from dixon . frank I always sub for roberta . teacher I will never come to Monroe again . you tell they not to call I ! the woman storm out , and Frank turn back to the student . frank I suggest you start read people . 26 int . - principal be office . - monroe high school - day 26 principal evan and viarincipal brown be stand in front of Frank sr. a la , who sit in two small chair face the principal ' be come to schqï¿½ï¿½ not ? vice - prin rown Mr. and Mrs. abagnale , ï¿½1ï¿½ be not a question of you son 's attendance . principal evan for the past week Frank have be teach Ms. glasser 's french class . paula he what ? principal evan you son have be pretend to be a substitute teacher , lecture the student , give out homework . vice - principal brown Ms. glasser have be ill , and there be some confusion with the real sub -- we be still not sure what happen . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 19 . 26 continued : 26 principal evan you son hold a teacher - parent conference yesterday . he be plan a class field trip to a french bread factory in trenton . do you see the problem we have ? Frank sr. and Paula seem a bit confuse . paula this be we fault , principal Evans . Frank have be at Buckley since he be a little boy . we have to take he out for personal reason , away from he friend -- you know how kid be . he 's all alone here . frank sr . he 's not alone . he have we . 27 ext . - principal be office . - same time 27 Frank be sit outsid ' he principal 's office wear he coat and tie , wait of I he parent to come out . he watch as a football player hand - school administrator a note . fo IL player I have a note fr try om . I need to miss sixth period she 's take I to the doctor . N school admi I " rator thank you , Roger . as the football player walk off , Frank lean over to look at the note . the administrator catch he look . frank it 's a fake . school administrator Excuse I ? frank there 's no crease in the paper . school administrator I do not understand . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 20 . 27 continued : 27 frank when you mom hand you a note to miss school , you put it in you pocket . and if it be in he pocket , where 's the crease ? 28 int . - principal' office . - day 28 Frank sr. light a cigarette as he stand up to leave . frank sr . Excuse I . I have to go to work . principal evan Sir , we have no choice but to suspend Frank for one week , and transfer he out of french and into german . frank sr . you be not suspending anyone . if you go after my son I will go before the school board and ask they who 's mind the ste at Monroe High . I will ask my4bbd friend Tom walsh how it 's po s' or a little kid to teach a fr n aj Za , t ss for a entire week without tp incipal of the school know a i% - I might even mention the for t my son do not speak frenc 29 int . - monroe high school . - day with 29 Frank close he locker , see four cheerleader stand in front of he . the leader of the group , joanna , step forward . joanna be you that transfer from Buckley ? Frank look a bit confuse as he stare at the girl . frank yes . joanna my name be joanna carlson , and I be wonder if you be go to the junior prom ? frank no . I do not have a date yet . my name be Frank abagnale . ( continued ) 21 . 29 continued : 29 joanna Frank , do you think you could buy my ' friend and I some beer before the dance ? all the other guy be afraid to try . frank I be only sixteen . how could I buy you beer ? joanna if you be old enough to teach french , you be old enough to buy beer . 30 int . - franks apartment . - day 30 Frank walk in from school , throw he book on n-a chair and open the refrigerator . the radio be on and there 's a bottle of wine on the counter . frank Mom , I be home . nobody answer , and fk' " slowly walk toward the back bedroom door , which be close . Frank 's about to knock when thunkt b om door suddenly open , and Paula walk out with jack W - the rotary Club President -- who wear a tailore ck suit . Paula wear a dress and hold a tray of food . paula that 's all there be , two bedroom , but we be get use to it . frankie , you remember dad 's friend Jack wright from the club , he come by look for you father -- I be give he a tour of the apartment . jack wright very spacious , Paula . frank dad 's at work . Frank stare at Jack , who walk over and pick up he hat off the chair . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 22. 30 continued : 30 jack wright you look more like you old man every day . thanks for the sandwich , Paula . I will see ya later . frank wait . Frank walk to the couch , pick up a small rotary pin that be lie on the cushion . he hold it up to Jack . jack wright thank you , Frank . that 's the President 's pin . I would be in big trouble if I lose that . Jack clip the pin to he jacket , turn and walk out the door . paula be you hungry , frankie ? I will make you a sandwich . Paula walk into the ) efien , open the refrigerator and start make a sandw pawcont ' d) Jack want to t ob ness with you father . he sa ' we should sue the government , a 's not legal what they be do we . why be not you say anyth Frank stare at he mother , who continue to make he sandwich . paula ( cont 'd ) you be not go to tell he , be you ? Paula walk over to she son , she hand shaking as she hand he a sandwich . frank no . paula that 'sright . there 's nothing to tell . i'mgoing outfor a few hour , visitsomeold friend from the tennis club . andwhen I get home we will all ( more ) ( continued ) Debbie Zane . 5 23. 30 continued : ( 2 ) 30 paula ( cont ' d ) have dinner together , right ? but you will not say anything , because it 's just stupid , be not it ? Paula light a cigarette , walk toward the door . paula ( cont 'd ) do you need some money , frankie , a few dollar to buy some record album ? here , take five dollar . Paula hold out five dollar , and Frank walk toward she , reach up and take the cigarette out of she mouth . frank you promise you be go to quit . 31 ext . - abagnale stationer . - new rochelle . - day 31 a large stationery store sit right in the middle of the upscale neighborhood of New rochelle . 32 int . - stationery sto a day 32 Frank be work behindvt " nter of he father 's store , gently place a silver cross a velvet display pad . a woman stare down at the p 0 frank this be a 925 sterlihkï¿½ ï¿½er waldmann ballpoint pen V a two - color twist action top . just turn it 0. like this -- the ink change from black to blue . nine dollar . woman they have they in the city for six . as the woman walk out of the store , Frank sr. come run out of he office , which double as the stockroom . he hold a letter in he hand . frank sr . it 's over . I do it , Frank . the son of bitch have call off the dog -- read it and weep . I beat the United States government . take a look at that . Frank sr. hand Frank a letter . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 24 . 32 continued : 32 frank sr. ( cont would ) see what it say -- the i.r.s be back off . they be gonna take they money and run -- no charge file , no further investigation into this matter . they think they could get I , and I send uncle Sam run for the hill . frank do this mean we can move home ? frank sr . we be gonna move back here , Frank , get a new house , a new car -- frank a red cadillac with white interior . frank sr . it 's gonna take a little time , but we be gonna get it all back -- every fur coat , eve goddamn piece of silver ! com of help I lock up . we be go tg4 brace ! 33 int . - village inn bar . ='reastchester . - day 33 Frank follow he father int illage inn bar , a neighborhood dive that be ful ' lway worker come off the night shift . Frank and he be greet with cold stare from a handful of regular be drink and watch a mount black and white tv . newscaster ( v.0 . on tv ) the Warren Commission have conclude they investigation into the assassination of President Kennedy , and have find that Lee harvey oswald act alone , with no evidence of conspiracy , domestic or foreign . frank sr. ( to the bartender ) bring we a couple of beer and two shot of canadian . bartender I need to see the kid 's i.d.. ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 25 . 33 continued : 33 frank sr . this kid be the head salesman in my company . he 's twenty - two and he 's make five bill a week , so just bring the drink and mind you business . Frank and he father sit at a small table in the middle of the bar . Frank look uncomfortable as he father light a cigar . frank maybe I should wait in the car . frank sr . be you afraid of this man ? look at the way , they sit , the way they dress , the way they drink . what be they , railway man ? cargo loader ? that man have not earn the right to judge we . I beat uncle Sam , what have they ever do ? the waitress bring of the drink , and Frank sr. quickly downs both shot . he ak dime out of he pocket and set it on the table . fransr . % cont d) Frank , I wa not you that dime and go put it in th u x . pick something loud . we be ating . Frank glance to the bar , where the men be quietly watch the - tv . the jukebox be directly under the television . frank sr. ( cont would ) you know who I like ? lesley Gore . frank dad ... they be watch tv . frank sr . yes . but in a moment they will be listen to lesley Gore . we be gonna teach the drunk to mind they manners . frank I think they know I be not eighteen . frank sr . people only know what you tell they . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 26 . 33 continued : ( 2 ) 33 Frank sr. pick up the dime and hold it up to . he son . frank sr. ( cont would ) take the dime , son . just take the dime and walk over there like you just close a big deal . walk over there like you get a roll of twenty right next to you pecker . Frank get out of he chair and nervously face he Father . frank sr. ( cont would ) and do not forget to smile while you be shove it down they throat . Frank hold he father 's dime as he slowly walk toward the jukebox . the men at the bar see he come , slowly turn on they stool . man # 1 do not play that thing , kid . Frank nervously stand alt " ukebox . some of the man have get off they stool drink in hand . man # 2 we ask you not to ' , kid . the President be about gd ke a speech . Frank look toward he father , who sit back in he chair , smoking and smile . Frank 's hand shake as he reach out , drop the dime into the jukebox . man # 1 we be not gonna tell you again . step away from the jukebox . frank sr . why you bother the kid ? you get a problem , come bother I . Frank watch as two drunk walk toward he father . they both hold pitcher of Beer in they hand . frank sr. ( cont would ) hit the button , Frank . you hit that goddamn button ! ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 27 . 33 continued : ( 3 ) 33 as Frank reach out and hit the button , the man start to pour they beer over he father 's head . FranWSr. do nothing to stop they , the smile never leave he face as he scream at he son . frank sr. ( cont would ) that 's right , Frank ! who be they ! who be they ! the jukebox spring to life , and we hear lesley gore sing " it's my party . " the man continue to pour they beer over Frank sr. 's head , the entire bar scream with laughter . frank sr. ( cont would ) Bus driver ! Security guard ! fry cook ! now they understand ! they can not win , Frank , they can not beat I ! 34 int . - eastchester courthouse . - day 34 a large courtroom -- only five people inside . on one side of the room we see frank S wear a white suit that do not quite fit -- a notice stain on the shirt . his weathered black briefcase be of n " t k in front of he . Paula be on the other si the courtroom , wear a blue church dress and hold a li % cigarette in she hand . Paula and Frank sr. sit with lawyer face judge larkin , who be examine the E for the first time . judge larki would the boy step forward and state he name for the record . Frank be seat in the middle of the courtroom -- a backpack on the floor at he foot . Frank slowly walk toward the bench . frank Frank William abagnale Jr. judge larkin Frank , the court apologize for pull you out of school this morning . be you aware of the fact that you parent have file for divorce ? Frank glance at he mother , then slowly shake he head " no . " ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 28 . 34 continued : 34 judge larkin ( cont would ) again , I apologize . this be a custody hearing to determine who you be go to live with after the divorce . you mother and father be leave this decision up to you . for the record , I would like to praise both parent for show such confidence in they son , who they believe will make the best decision for himself and he family . Frank stare straight ahead , he breathe force as he stare at judge larkin . judge larkin ( cont would ) okay , Frank , I be go to ask you a difficult question . who 's it go to be , you mother or you father ? Frank look to he father , then turn and stare at he mother for a long beat . can I have it ? 35 ext . - eastchester . - day '' z:ï¿½/o 35 town , of sheer desperation on 's hif ace as h e run pas t dil aï¿½ d shop and abandon building -- racing a train that low pull into the eastchester station . fi 36 int . - eastchester train station . - day . 36 Frank run up to the ticket window at the train station . frank one ticket to Grand Central , please . ticket clerk Three dollar and fifty cent . frank can I write you a check ? 37 int . - papigone prison . - marseille . - night 37 the cell door be pulled OPEN , and Frank slowly walk out and face Joe shaye , who be hold a pair of handcuff and stand with FBI agent earl amdursky and tom fox - all three ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 29 . 37 continued : 37 agent get a glimpse inside the cell -- and they all quickly turn away . joe shaye Frank , this be agent amdursky and agent Fox . they will be help with the extradition . Joe put the handcuffs on Frank , who can barely stay on he foot as he slowly turn to warden garren . frank you wife be sleep with one of the guard . just think you should know . 38 int . - HOTEL room . - FRANCE . - night 38 Joe shaye , amdursky and Fox be all watch Frank as he sit naked in a bathtub , he handcuffs still on as he try to shave he beard . 39 int . - HOTEL room . - ff5 ? % - night 39 Frank have one hand 4n ll to a chair , and both leg shackle to the corner ed . he 's eat a sandwich and drink a glass of 's Joe shaye sit across from he . joe sha just sit back and get table . we leave for the airpor nine hour . frank I want to call my father . joe shaye you can call he when we get to New York ? I apologize for the room -- it 's the only place the agency could afford . frank do not worry , Joe . I have stay in worse . 40 ext . - time square HOTEL . - night 40 Frank wear blue pajamas as he 's thrown out of a dilapidated time square HOTEL room by the night manager , who be drag he toward the door . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 30 . 40 continued : 40 super : october . 1964 manager I do not want to hear you story . that 's two check that bounce , do you know how much trouble I be in ? frank the bank make a mistake , Andy , I will write you a check right now ! please , it 's midnight , I have no place to go . the manager push Frank into the cage elevator . manager you be a goddamn kid . you should be in school . 41 int . - new york HOTEL room . - night 41 a decrepit Times Square hotel room . Frank sit up in bed stare down at he new rsey driver' license -- which be a simple i.d. card wi picture . Frank use a pen to change the date of birth for lf of 1938 . 42 int . - new york saving btkf - day 42 o Frank hold a black briefcas st and in front of a female bank teller hold a hattan check . frank my boss send I to Brooklyn , then queen , now he want I in Long Island and I be short train fare . it 's my first week -- I do not think I be cut out to be a salesman . ashley I be sorry , but we be not allow to cash check from other bank . how would we know if they be any good ? frank what 's you name ? ashley Ashley . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 31 . 42 continued : 42 frank you do I this favor , Ashley , and I will give you this sterling silver waldmann pen . it 's german . what do you say ? Frank take the pen out of he pocket . ashley I feel so bad . I be really not suppose to take the check . how about if I just loan you a few dollar myself ? Ashley take some money out of she own pocket . frank that 's okay , Ashley . I will find my way to chase Manhattan . 43 ext . - bank . - day 43 as Frank walk out of the bank , he watch a pilot and two flight attendant step of a cab right in front of he . they be all laugh a 's hey head for the revolve door of the mayfair HOTEL . Frank watch as the pil IPS the doorman a five dollar bill . 44 int . - mayfair HOTEL . - morning , n\ v- 44 Frank follow the Pilot into the 'air , seesthe hotel manager rush over to greet he . the entirelobby seem to be focuss on the Pilot , with bellmen runningover to carry 0 ; he bag -- the flight attendant follow he every move . Frank turn to a aging bellman . frank Excuse I , do you know that pilot ? bellman he 's just one of that airline jerk . just because you fly at thirty thousand foot , do not make you God . Frank watch as the Pilot walk into the elevator , the Flight attendant by he side . frank ( v.0 . ) dear dad ... I have decide to become a airline pilot . I have apply at all ( more ) ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 32 . 44 continued : 44 frank ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) the big airline , and have several promise interview line up . 45 ext . - pay phone . - new york . - day 45 a pack street corner in the center of New York . Frank be eat a hot dog as he talk on a pay phone . pan am operator ( v.o. ) Pan be , how may I help you ? frank I would like to speak to someone about a uniform . pan am operator hold for purchase . Frank turn and look directly behind he , where we see the fifty stories of the pan a build stand tall in the middle of the city . hasing supervisor ( v.o. ) purchase . F yes . my name be illiam , and I be a co-ilot basp of San Francisco . I fly a into New York last night , and ving for Paris in three hour . purchasing supervisor ( v.o. ) how can we help you ? frank I send my uniform out to be clean through the hotel ... purchasing supervisor ( v.o. ) let I guess . they lose the uniform . happens all the time . 46 ext . - new york STREET . - day 46 as the telephone conversation continue , we see Frank run down a busy street , a big smile on he face as he cut in and out of a endless stream of people . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 33. 46 continued : 46 purchasing supervisor ( v.0 . ) go down to the well - built uniform company at ninth and Broadway -- they be we uniform supplier . I will tell mister Ross you be come . Frank sprint through the door of the well - built uniform company . 47 int . - well -built uniform company . - day 47 Frank pose in front of a full length mirror wear a brand new pan am uniform . mister ross kneel in front of he , cuffing he pants . in the b.g. , we see row and row of uniform wait to be ship . ross what 's you rank ? frank I be a co-pilot . Z right seat . look too yo no ï¿½e a pilot . Ross place a single gold bar 'ï¿½bp `# lapel of Frank 's jacket . ross how do that feel ? 0 frank it feel great . ross it 's gonna be $ 164 dollar . frank no problem . I will write you a check . 48 ext . - new york . - day 48 Frank walk down Broadway in he new uniform , enjoy the obvious glance he be get from man and woman who pass by . he see a little boy point at he , and he give the boy a playful salute . Frank can not help but smile as he drop he briefcase in the nearest trash can , then turn and walk into a bank . Debbie Zane - 34 . 49 int . - bank of new york . - day 49 a female bank teller be sneaking glance at Frank as she count out he money on the counter . bank teller that 's eighty , ninety , one hundred dollar . you have yourself a great time in Paris . 50 int . - mayfair HOTEL lobby . - new york CITY . - day 50 a busy , upscale business hotel in the heart of the city . Frank stand in uniform at the front desk . frank I be fly out to Paris in the c. morning . okay if I write you a check for the room ? front desk clerk no problem , Sir . I be also Sao if you could cash a person for I . I have get a date wit cï¿½ ute little hostess this evening . front DB ' uï¿½ , C k for airline personnel o h check up to three hundred dol I frank I will not need that much . let 's make it two -fifty . 51 int . - mayfair HOTEL room . - new york . - night 51 a episode of the rifleman be on the black and white tv in the hotel room . a room service cart sit next to the bed , pile high with half - eat plate of french fries , hamburger , and slice of apple pie . as Frank sleep on the king size bed , the pilot' uniform lie next to he on top of the sheet . 52 ext . - abagnale stationer . - new rochelle . - day 52 Frank sr. get off the bus in front of he store . he be wear he black suit and hold a briefcase as he start ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 35 . 52 continued : 52 to unlock the front door to the store . two police detective walk up behind he . detective # 1 Frank abagnale ? Frank turn around , stare at the two cop as they show he they badge . frank what be this ? the IRS say no charge would file . detective # 2 Sir , we would like to talk to you about a check account at chase Manhattan bank . the account be four thousand dollar overdrawn , and check be bounce every day . detective # 1 the account be in you son 's name , and he be be ted as a runaway in h marc detecti do you know where you abagnale ? frank sr . you guy be look for the wrong person . detective # 2 and how do you know that ? have Frank be in contact with you ? frank sr . if I tell you where he be , will you promise not to tell he mother ? the two detective nod . frank sr. ( cont would ) ( lowering he voice ) Frank make up a fake i.d and enlist in the Marine Corps -- he 's over in ( more ) ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 36 . 52 continued : ( 2 ) 52 frank sr. ( cont would ) Vietnam right now . somebody must have steal he bank book , because he 's half way around the world crawl through the jungle and fight the fuck communist . so do not come to my place of business and call my boy a criminal , because that kid have more gut than either of you will ever know . detective # 1 I be sorry , Sir . we do not know . frank sr . it 's okay . nobody know . 53 int . - plaza HOTEL . - new york . - day 53 Frank walk up to the front desk of the plaza HOTEL . frank do you rent twriter ? F esk clerk of course , m ms . would you like electric m ual ? front desk k you should try it . I will send we I typist up to give you a lesson . 54 int . - plaza HOTEL suite . - night 54 close on a blank counter check the electric striking ball of the typewriter be go over the same word again and again , make they appear printed . the top of the phony check read : pan american world airways employee number 15415 pay to the order of frank william $ 513.12 Debbie Zane - 5 37 . 55 int . - plaza HOTEL bathroom . - day 55 Frank kneel over the bathtub , look down at a plastic 707 model airplane . the small plane be soaking in the tub , float up - side - down in a pool of bubbles . close on the wing of the model plane the pan am logo be on the wing . we watch as a tweezer lift the corner of the logo right off the plastic , carefully slip it off the wing so that the word pan american world airways hang in mid-air . on frank meticulously place the logo on top of the check he have just make . the word stick to the paper , and he quickly take the check and place it in the middle of a hotel bible . he stick the bible under he bed , the way a kid break in a new baseball glove . 56 int . - chase ma. nhattaw / bank _ - day 56 Frank be still in uniform " 's 0 walk past two male tellers and deliberately approac young female teller - cn frank I be wonder if ?bk `ï¿½ptad cash this payroll check for Frank takesthecheck out ofa phony pan am envelopeand m ; hand it totheteller . thepan am logo on the check be crooked andoffcenter , thetype blurred and almostillegible . frank ( cont 'd ) you have beautiful eye . the teller smile at Frank , barely glance at the check as she open she cash drawer . teller how would you like it ? 57 int . - new york hobby shop . - day 57 a small hobby shop in Times Square . Frank set fifteen box of pan am model airplane on the counter . hobby shop owner that 's a lot of plane . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 38 . 57 continued : 57 frank I give they away at Christmas to needy child . 58 int . - plaza HOTEL suite . - night 58 close on a HOTEL bathtub filled with model airplane that be soaking in warm water . Frank sit at a desk , pull a check from the carriage of a electric typewriter . the check be perfectly center , the Pan be logo straight , the line and word look thick and heavy -- as if they be print . Frank take the check and set it on the hotel bed , where five hundre freshly made check be sit in neatly stack pile . 59 int . - plaza HOTEL . - morning 59 Frank walk downstairs he uniform , check in hand . the HOTEL manager rush a to greet he . E '. what can I do ou , Mr. Williams . frank I be head out to S morning and I need a little 's money . manager 0 I be sorry , Sir , we will not have any cash until the bank open in a hour . but I be sure they can cash you check at the airport . frank the airport ? they cash check at the airport ? 60 int . - LA guardia airport . - morning . 60 Frank wear he pilot 's uniform as he walk through the crowded airport hold a thick wad of cash . as he stuff the money into he pocket , he walk toward a sign that read : airline personnel only . Debbie Zane - 5 39 . 61 int . - personnel area . - LA guardia . - day 61 a giant warehouse fill with pilot , CO - pilot , flight attendant , and baggage handlers . there be a cafeteria , newsstand , airline shop , and shoe shine booth . Frank sit down in one of the shoe shine chair , two twa pilot next to he . he stare at they i.d. badge , which be laminate picture clipped to the front of they jacket . frank Morning . the two pilot turn and look at Frank . twa pilot Morning . you mind if I ask you a question ? frank sure . pilot I see you hfe " d11 the time , and I be wonderi g Pan be be do out here at L ah_ubia ? Pan be do not fly into La gu Frank stare at the Pilot , hag== ( , d / , idea what to say . twa pilot you work charter ? frank yeah . charter . I be head out to Kennedy in a few minute . twa pilot I figure as much . what kind of equipment you on ? Frank think for a long beat , have no idea what to say . frank General electric . twa pilot # 2 General electric ? what the hell do you fly , wash machine ? Debbie Zane - 40 . 62 ext . - LA guardia . - day 62 Frank be run out of the airport . frank ( v.o. ) dear dad . I have be accept to Pan be 's flight school , and will be start my training immediately . I be send you a picture of I in my uniform , so that you can show it to mom , and let she know that I be a pilot for the great airline in the world . 63 ext . - pan am build . - day 63 Frank enter building . 64 int . - pan am build - reception area - day 64 the massive corporate office of pan am , which look out over the Manhattan . Frank , dress like a student and wear a backpack , get out of televator and walk up to a receptionist . I be Frank black'cr # 4 m Monroe High School . I have a opdintment with mister mulligan . reception go on in , Frank . he ' 's with i4 no for you . Frank hesitates as he walk toward a door mark , paul mulligan , director of airline security . 65 int . - mulligan' office . - day 65 paul mulligan , 70' , a small , rock of a man , stand behind a wall of picture , military medal , pan am achievement award , and employee of the year certificate that be neatly display on the wall behind he . mulligan Frank , I be Paul mulligan , head of security for Pan american World Airways . I understand you be write a report about Pan be , and you would like to speak to a real live pilot . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 41 . 65 continued : 65 frank yes , sir. mulligan well you be in luck , son . because I be one of the best . 66 int . - pan am build . - day 66 Frank be follow Paul mulligan through a large gallery which show the history of pan am in black and white picture and detailed plastic model . frank what do it mean when one pilot say to another pilot , " what kind of equipment be you on ? " mulligan he 's ask what kind of plane they be fly . DC - 10 , 707 , 727 . what about a D. badge I have see pilot wear . e mu G a pilot be requi of thing with he at airline personnel b e similar to this Pan aa wear , and he faa li mulligan pull a old faa license out of he wallet . frank do you think I could make a copy of this license to put in my report ? mulligan you can have it , Frank . it expire five year ago . frank what about you i.d. badge ? do you have a extra one I could borrow ? mulligan I be afraid I can not help you there . this badge be special order from Polaroid . the only way to get ( more ) ( continued ) Debbie Zane -! 42 . 66 continued : 66 mulligan ( cont 'd ) one be to become a real live pilot for Pan be . 67 int . - polaroid corporate office . - new york . - day 67 a large office in new york CITY . a polaroid salesman have open a sample book and be show off page after page of laminated i.d. badge . frank wear a suit and tie as he sit across from the salesman examine the book . frank Caribbean Air will be expand we route next year to include most of the East coast . I be think we will need several thousand badge . polaroid salesman as you can see , we make the i.d. badge for almost every major airline . polaroi that 's Pan am. would o' qke the brochure on that one ? frank my boss want I to bring back a actual i.d. badge , not a brochure . polaroid salesman that 's no problem , mister Anderson . we make all the badge right here with this equipment . the salesman motion to a large camera and laminator . polaroid salesman ( cont would ) I can make you one in a few second . frank I have a idea . why do not you use I as the subject . Debbie Zane - 5 43 . l for 68 int - kennedy airport . - day 68 Frank be walk through kennedy airport , he authentic pan am i.d. badge secure to the front of he uniform . he walk up to a eastern airline ticket counter and smile at the ticket agent . frank hello . I be a Pan be co- pilot and I would like to fly on you two -thirty to Miami . eastern ticket agent you want to dead-head to Miami ? frank yes. dead-head . Frank hand the agent he i.d. badge and mulligan 's faa license , which have be cropped at the top where mulligan 's name use to be . she barely glance at either - ern ticket agent you ' be in ly k " " Sir . the jump seat be open . the ticket agent start to la , ï¿½ï¿½y}cï¿½i Frank laugh with she . 69 int_ - eastern 707 . - day 69 marci , a cute 27 - year - old eastern stewardess with short blonde hair and glass , stand at the front of the plane smile at Frank -- who hold out he pink board slip . marci be you my dead-head ? 70 int . - cockpit . - 707 . - day 70 Frank be lead into the cockpit by marci , try not to react to the intensity of the tiny space . he immediately look around for the jump -seat -- or any seat -- but see nothing . marci Frank , this be Captain Oliver . that 's John paxton , the co-pilot , this be ron vega , flight engineer . ( continued ) Debbie Zane -! 44 . 70 continued : 70 frank Frank Williams , Pan be . thanks for give I a lift . captain oliver go ahead and take a seat , Frank , we be about to push . Frank continue to search for the jump seat , the panic start to show on he face as marci reach she hand around to the back of the cockpit door and pull down the small metal seat marci there you go . would you like a drink after take - off ? Frank quickly sit in the jump -seat , he hand shaking as he try to strap himself in . frank a glass of milk , please . 71 ext . - kennedy airport'rmway . - day . 71 72 int . - eastern cockpit . - 72 close on frank -- inside the -- he hand grip the side of the jump - seat , he no face clench into a silent scream as the plane lift for , banking leave as it shoot out over Manhattan . Frank be stare out the cockpit window in disbelief , the way all kid do the first time they ride in a plane . 73 int . - eastern 707 . - later in flight 73 Frank walk through the cockpit door , see marci prepare drink at the beverage station . marci hello , dead -head . enjoy you free ride ? frank marci , do you drop this ? Frank take a SMALL gold necklace out of he jacket pocket . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 45 . 73 continued : 73 7 frank ( cont 'd ) must have slip right off you neck . 74 int . - franks HOTEL room . - miami . - night 74 Frank be lie on top of marci -- lose he virginity -- not move -- just stare down at she with a bizarre look on he face . the light be low , the radio be on . frank be all hostess as nice as you ? ma.rci stewardess . you know we like to be call stewardess now . why be you stop ? frank I want to tell you something , marci . this be by far the best date I have ever be on . 75 int . - airport . - day 75 Frank walk toward a counter with a big smile on he face . U o frank be the jump - seat op no ' 1 j. you four o'clock to Dallas ? 76 int . - dallas bank . - day 76 0 Frank be wear he pilot 's uniform as he walk up to lucy , the pretty assistant manager of a small Dallas bank . lucy welcome to Dallas National Bank , how may I help you ? frank what 's you name , ma'am ? lucy Lucy Rogers . I be the Assistant manager . frank Lucy , my name be Frank Williams , and I be a co-pilot for Pan be . I would like ( more ) ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 46 - 76 continued : 76 frank ( cont 'd ) to cash this check and then take you to dinner . 77 int . - dallas HOTEL room . - night 77 Frank be dance with lucy , who be laugh uncontrollably as he twirl she around the room . lucy okay , enough ! I be gonna be sick . I have to get home and get some sleep . frank it 's only midnight . lucy one of my teller get marry last night , and I be gonna be short hand all week . frank what if I cane no help you out down at the L now why would ffaij be Pilot want to work in my stupi Frank twirl Lucy , dip he3 jan , ; y middle of the room . frank to be close to you . 78 int . - dallas national bank . - day 78 Frank be stand with Lucy behind the counter of the bank , watch as she feed a stack of check into a micker encoding machine . lucy we feed the check through the micker machine , and the magic eye read the micker ink and then sort the check by number . frank what number ? ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 47 . 78 continued : 78 lucy see the number on the bottom of the` check . that be call rout number . frank where do the check get route to ? lucy well , I be not exactly sure . nobody ever ask before . 79 int . - new york public library . - day 79 Frank wear he pilot uniform as he sit across from a group of high school student who be write term papers . as the student talk and laugh at they desk , Frank lean over to they . frank would you keep it down , please ? the student immediatel uiet down as Frank turn a page in he book -- the histo banking in america . he be read a chapter call - - T E , nks of the U.S. federal reserve 80 int . - new jersey auctio 80 a sign read : foreclosure au ban we see row of desk , chair , cou and cash drawer -- everything you could possibly find at a bank . the auctioneer stand in front of a room fill with banker and businessmen in dark suit . auctioneer we next item up for bid be also fromtheJersey National foreclosure . thisisa micker encoder , a machine usedtoencode bank check . do I haveanopen bid ? in the audience , Frank , dress in a suit , smile as he raise he paddle . frank five dollar . Debbie Zane - 5 48 . 81 ext . - village inn bar . - eastchester , new jersey . - day 81 the parking lot be pack with car . a light snow be fall as frank sr . walk out of the bar and button he jacket . frank happy birthday , dad . Frank turn to face he son , who be stand in front of a red cadillac that still have the sticker in the window . the two man stare at each other for a long beat , and then embrace in the middle of the lot . frank sr . Jesus , look at you ? my son the birdman . that be some uniform , Frank . frank I buy you a cadillac . Frank motion to the car , hold up the key . k ( cont ' d ) ission . she go 's a hour . it btj speedometer . Frank sr . frank S she 's beautiful . only\ï¿½ @ï¿½nna get myself another white on be already order it . you keep that one , Frank , I maybe one day we will race to Atlantic City . frank I go by the store today . since when do you close on a Friday ? frank sr . I have to close the store for awhile . it 's all about timing , Frank , the goddamn government know that . they hit you when you be down , and I be not gonna let they take it from I . so I just shut the door myself , call they bluff . frank I can get you money , whatever you need . we can buy ten store . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 49 . 81 continued : 81 frank sr . no . it 's better this way . I be lay ' low for awhile , let they have they fun . it 's just a stationery store -- sooner or later they will forget about I . frank have you talk to Mom ? frank sr . she 's so stubborn , you mother . but I will not let she go without a fight . I have be fight for she since the day we meet . frank out of all that soldier , you be the one that take she home . frank sr . that 's right . two hundred man be sit in th' little social hall watch he d ce . what be the name of tha d I / ..il lage ? montpelier . frank S I do not speak a word six week later she be a woman pull up in a old ford and honk for frank sr .. she smile and wave at he through the window , and he wave back . frank sr. ( cont would ) shit . I have to go , Frank . frank I be hope I could buy you a steak . frank sr . Jesus , tonight be no good . that 's my friend , darlene . she 's cooking I dinner for my birthday . she use to be the pastry chef at elaine . why do not you come home with we ? ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 50 . 81 continued : ( 2 ) 81 frank no , I should probably get out to the airport . I be fly the red eye tonight . frank sr . where be you go ? frank dad , I be serious about what I say . I can get you money -- whatever you need . frank sr . just tell I where you be go . I bet it 's someplace warm . frank yeah . Hawaii . frank sr . Hawaii . my son be go to Hawaii tonight . the x t of we really be sucker . 82 int . - FBI office . - washin , day 82 super : FBI build , WASHINGTON close on a slide projector -- the circular tray turn clockwise as a agent joe shaye stand at the front of the room address five FBI agent . joe shaye John doe 2172 be a paperhanger who start on the East Coast . during the last few week 2172 have develop a new form of check fraud , which I be call " the float " . next slide . the slide do not change . joe shaye ( cont would ) next slide , please . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 51 . 82 continued : 82 FBI agent the remote thing be break . you will have to do it by hand . Joe reach in and turn the slide . joe shaye ( cont would ) what he 's do be open check account all over the country , then change the micker ink rout number on the bottom of that check . close on the face of the five FBI agent , look bored as they all listen to Joe , have no idea what he 's talk about . some of the agent be yawn , while other be doodling at they desk . joe shaye ( cont would ) this be a map of the 12 branch of the U.S. Federal Reserve . the optical scanner at t bank read the number on the bott a check -- then ship the ch c}ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½f , ? to the corresponding spec___ Joe , for that of with bank fraud , will tell we what the h talk about ? III joe shaye the East Coast branch be numbered seven through twelve , the midwest four , five , and six ... special agent wilk you mean to say that that number on the bottom of a check actually mean something ? joe shaye yes . and if you change a number one to a number nine -- a check cashed in New York will not be send to the East Coast Reserve -- but will be be - route all the way to California . the bank will not know the check have bounce for two week , which mean ( more ) ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 52 . 82 continued : ( 2 ) 82 joe shaye ( cont would ) this guy can stay in one place -- rob the same bank over and over . the agent literally scratch they head , try to follow . special agent wilk and this be why you call for a emergency briefing ? because of a couple of bounce check ? laughter from the other Agents as Joe try to smile . joe shaye Sean , I be hope to get - some back - up on this . special agent wilk you want my wife to help you ? she 's the one who balance the checkbook at home ? 83 int . - rental car . - lo gele . - day 83 super : hollywood , cal for - JULY , 1964 FBI agent amdursky and Hollywood . Fox sit in the amdursï ¿½ .i be wear a red no high heel , run through park and chase this two Puerto rican 's with a suitcase fill with marijuana and I reach for my radio to call for back - up , but the radio be stick in my bra ... Joe turn up the volume on the radio , keep he eye on the road as he drive . amdursky ( cont 'd ) that 's a funny story . people always laugh at that story . joe shaye let I ask you something , amdursky . if you have so much fun work undercover , why do you transfer into bank fraud ? ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 53. 83 continued : 83 agent amdursky I do not transfer . I be demote . ( off Joe 's look ) demote be the wrong word . it be more like - punish . I screw up in the field . joe shaye what about you , Mr. Fox ? do you fuck up in the field and get punish ? fox no . I have never work in the field before . I be in the L.A. public relation office , but we be shut down after the riot . joe shaye that 's just great . I ask for backup , they drag the bottom of the Pacific . amdursky can I ask you mething , Joe ? how come you be of erious all the time ? joe shaye do it bother you , Mr. Fox ? 0. fox a little , I guess . joe shaye would you guy like to hear I tell a joke ? agent amdursky yeah . we would love to hear a joke from you . joe shaye knock knock . agent amdursky who 's there ? ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 54 . 83 continued : ( 2 ) 83 joe shaye go fuck yourselves . 84 int . - tropicana motel . - hollywood . - day 84 the unmark FBI sedan pull up to two story motel on the sunset strip . Joe , amdursky and Fox walk into the motel office , all in black suit and sunglass . 85 int . - tropicana motel .- los angele . - day 85 Joe approach the front desk of the motel , where the owner stand in front of a fan . motel owner he 's be here two week , write lot of check . the one that bounce be for twenty dollar , and he take care of it right away . joe shaye nobody be goin to blame you . the bank call u he 's probably not the man we ' oke for . er I do not want m-ï¿½y u comer harass . he take care of ' of ' joe sha do you have any of th 1 ( ys he 's write you ? motel owner he give I one yesterday . the owner take a check out of the register , hand it to Joe . Joe stare at the check for a beat , slowly start to smile . joe shaye I do not believe it . you guy stay here , watch the front . amdursky stay here ? this guy 's a check forger , a goddamn paperhanger . he do not even carry a gun . fox why can not we go with you , Joe ? ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 55 . 85 continued : 85 joe shaye just be quiet and watch the front . and if you be good , I will take you both for ice cream when we be finish . 86 ext . - tropicana motel . - los angele . - day 86 Joe shaye walk through the busy pool area of the motel , pass a few flight attendant who be sit by the tiny pool . Joe make he way up the main stairwell . 87 int . tropicana motel - hallway . - day 87 Joe walk through a fire door with he gun lead the way . close on room 212 at the end of the second floor hallway , the do not disturb sign hang off the door . Joe slowly make he way down the hall , pass a maid wh 's about to scream -- until he show she he badge and vio y motion for she to hide inside a room . Joe creep along the wal yh 's gun straight out , he face cover in sweat . he free jow he hear a door creak , he breathe labor as the 's of room 212 slowly swing open and Frank walk into the ly u he wear a dark brown suit and hold a black suitcase joe shaye FI freeze ! FBI ! do not you move ! put you hand on you head or I will shoot you ! Frank slowly turn to face Joe . the two man stare at each other for a beat_ frank relax , buddy , you be late . my name be Johnson , secret service . we boy just try to climb out the window -- my partner have he cuffed in the alley downstairs . joe shaye secret service ? what be you talk about ? keep you hand in the air . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 56 . 87 continued : 87 frank you think the FBI be the only one tracking this guy . we have be follow a paper trail for month , almost have he in New York . would you mind take that gun out of my face , it make I nervous . joe shaye let I see some identification . frank here . take my whole wallet . Frank throw he wallet to Joe , who catch it with he free hand , but do not open it . frank ( cont 'd ) you want my gun , too ? come over here and take my gun ! Frank open he jacket , but not wide enough for Joe to see that he 's not armed . F ( cont 'd ) be you gonna e that weapon ? we be suppose a on the same team . Joe hesitates , then slowly louW6Xs ` j`3 , . gun and holster it . joe shaye I be sorry . I get a little carry away . I do not expect secret service on this . frank counterfeit be we thing . joe shaye I know . I know . I just be not expect ... frank do not worry about it . ( show he the briefcase ) this be he typewriter . I be gonna go lock it in my trunk . do I a favor and guard he room for a minute . Frank start move toward the back stairwell . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 57 . 87 continued : ( 2 ) 87 frank ( cont 'd ) and yell down to my partner in the alley -- tell he I be on my way . Frank start to walk down back stairwell . he look back at Joe , who stand at the front of room 212 . frank ( cont 'd ) what 's you name , anyway ? joe shaye Joe shaye . frank tough luck , Joe . five minute earlier and you would have land yourself a pretty good collar . Frank start walk down the stair . joe shaye wait . , ï¿½4back to Joe . Frank stop , slowly ty ( cont ' D ) you wallet . frank hang onto it for a pu` % , I trust you . 88 ext . - tropicana motel . - los angele . - day 88 0 Frank walk downstairs , open the emergency exit that lead to a back alley . he look both way , then start to run toward hollywood boulevard . 89 ext . - room 212 . - minute later . 89 Joe shaye be guard the entrance of room 212 . he 's stand tall , almost at attention . after a beat he look down at the wallet in he hand , he mind start to consider a single horrible think . 90 int . - FBI office . - WASHINGTON . - day 90 Joe shaye be sit in the office of special agent wilk , the office window face out on the Washington monument . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 58 . 9 0 continued : 90 special agent wilk I have clear amdursky and Fox in this John doe thing . joe shaye thanks , Sean . it be my call all the way . special agent wilk sometimes we all get a little lose out there . no shame in be rusty . you want to talk about it ? joe shaye not really . I make a mistake . special agent wilk forget about it . there be hundred of John doe 's out there . joe shaye yeah , but I be gonna get this one . the worst thi a paperhanger can do be show be I see he , I hear he voice -- be 's nothing for he to hide beiin ( nï¿½ spect-aloa T wilk just be careful , J u have get 12 - year in , nobody bo be u down on the first floor . you ally write the book on bank d , and that 's good enough to make you F - 4 { some day . there 's no reason to put yourself in this type of position . joe shaye what position be that ? special agent wilk the position of be humiliate . Joe stare at wilk , slowly stand and head for the door . he 's about to leave when he turn and look back at wilk . joe shaye hey , Sean , you want to hear a joke ? special agent wilk sure . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 59 - 90 continued : ( 2 ) 90 joe shaye knock knock . 91 int . - waldorf astoria HOTEL . - new york . - night 91 a room service waiter open a metal lid on a serve tray , revealing a huge steak and french fries . frank do you have any ketchup , Richard ? waiter it 's in the little bowl , Mr. Williams . frank thanks . here ya go . keep the change . Frank take a crumpled fifty dollar bill out of he pocket , hand it to the waiter . waiter thank you very much , Mr. Williams . you want some ` 5 'v wait o I would , but my sh ' over . I be go home to my ki thank you for ask , Mr. willi d merry Christmas . frank merry Christmas . 92 int . - FBI fingerprint lab . - WASHINGTON D.C. - night 92 close on a fingerprint under a microscope -- we see one print after another . joe shaye be look through a giant print book -- tediously search for a match . Joe be alone in the fingerprint lab , where a pathetic look Christmas tree sit in the corner of the room . the phone ring , and Joe quickly answer . joe shaye ( on phone ) this be shaye . merry Christmas . intercut with sc . 93 ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 60 . 92 continued : 92 frank hello , Joe . joe shaye who be this ? frank Johnson , secret service . Joe sit up at he desk , grab a pencil and paper . joe shaye John doe 2172 ? frank I have be try to track you down for a couple of hour . do you know that most people in the FBI have no idea who you be or what you do ? joe shaye what do you want ? happen out li'n&gt ; Zo ngele . joe fuck you . do not yo ize to I . I be the one that 's rn t you in jail . frank Joe , do you always work on Christmas Eve ? Joe look around the room before he answer . joe shaye I volunteer , so that man with family could go home early . frank you be wear a wedding ring in L.A. . I think maybe you have a family ? joe shaye no . I have never be marry . frank how come ? ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 61 . 92 continued : ( 2 ) 92 joe shaye you want to talk to I , let 's talk face to face . frank okay . I be at the waldorf astoria in Manhattan . suite 3113 . Joe start to write this down , then suddenly stop himself . joe shaye you think you be gonna get I again , do not you ? you would love for I to send twenty agent out on Christmas Eve to barge into that hotel , break down door so you can make a fool out of I again ? frank Joe , I be sorry if I make a fool out of you . J shays goddamn it , of t you feel sorry for I . the tru h know it be you . maybe I didn 1 {he trigger , but I know . frank people only know wh be ,y` iv tell they . joe shaye then tell I something . how do you know I would not look in the wallet ? frank the same reason the yankee always win . nobody can keep they eye off the pinstripe . joe shaye the yankee win because they have mickey mantle . frank I have to go . I be catch a flight in two hour . merry Christmas , Joe . joe shaye you do not call to apologize , do you John doe ? ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 62 . 92 continued : ( 3 ) 92 7 frank what do you mean ? joe shaye you have get no one else to call . Joe hang up the phone . he cup he hand to he face , then stare at a picture of he wife and daughter -- which sit on the desk in front of he . 93 int . - waldorf astoria HOTEL . - room 93 Frank slowly hang up the phone . he walk over to the chair in the room , pick up he Pilot 's cap and put it on . 94 int . - las vega saving and loan . - day 94 Frank stand across from a new account manager at a las vega bank . new account manager you account balance will be three hundred doll Mr. Williams . and this be y be emporary check . new ac just take a deposit counter , then fill in ou wish to the amounty frank I do not need to fill in my account number ? new account manager at nevada saving and loan , we treat we customer by name instead of by number . Frank walk over and stare at the deposit slip . he grab a thick stack and shove they into he coat . 95 int . - caesar' palace HOTEL . - night 95 close on a deposit slip as it's fed into the micker machine . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 63. 95 continued : 95 when the deposit slip come through the other side , we see a nine digit account number print on the bottom . Frank sit on the edge of he Las Vegas hotel room -- hundred of deposit slip covering the bed . 96 int . - nevada saving and loan . - day 96 Frank walk into the bank , casually switch he stack of deposit slip with the one on display . 97 int . - FBI office . - WASHINGTON D.C. - day 97 Joe shaye use a slide projector as he file a report in front of ten agent . joe shaye I be call it " the switch . " next slide . the slide do not change . joe shaye ( cont would ) joe hit joe shayeï¿½ ?ï¿½ CO ) John doe 2172 take two red and fifty deposit slip from nevada saving and encode he account number on the bottom of each one . special agent wilk wait a second , Joe . that slip do not even have he name on they . joe shaye the bank scanner read the micker ink before they read pen ink . so even though that deposit slip be fill out correctly , each person who make a deposit that day be actually put money into he account . special agent wilk how much do he get ? ( continued ) Debbie Zane -! 64 . 97 continued : 97 joe shaye forty -six thousand , four hundred and ' twelve dollar . it be the second large bank robbery in the history of Las Vegas . 98 int . - pan am build commissary . - day 98 Paul mulligan sit across from Frank eat lunch . Frank be dress in school clothes and hold a notebook . frank what 's the fuel consumption of a 707 in flight ? mulligan kid , I be really not in the mood for this today . that damn skywayman be drive I crazy . there be another article . frank who 's the sk a ? mulligan hand Frank _ for the new york time . ug some nut fly pose as a Pan be have devote a weekl Frank stare down at the time , h yes wide as he stare at the headline : skywayman visit WASHINGTON : elusive phony still flying the friendly skie . frank the skywayman ... mulligan I keep tell they it 's not my problem . he do not fly on Pan be plane -- he fly on everybody else . the damn paper be in love with this clown -- they call he the James bond of the sky . frank do you say James bond ? Debbie Zane - 5 65 . 99 int . - movie theater . - night 99 Frank be sit in a movie theater watch goldfinger , he eye glue to the screen . he 's eat a box of popcorn , a big smile on he face as he stare up at sean connery . 100 int_ - clothing store . - day 100 Frank be wear a three button black suit with a sweater vest and narrow black tie . he 's look at himself in a full length mirror , with a salesman stand behind he . frank and you be sure this be the suit ? salesman positive . that '.s the same .one he wear in the movie . frank okay . I will take three . S sman now all you a be one of that little fore gny - usht car he drive . 101 the lab be pack with agent be search for a fingerprint match . Joe shaye i 's head from a microscope , rub he eye . fox Joe , I get something ! Joe rush over to agent Fox , who be hold up two sets of fingerprint . fox ( cont 'd ) I be look through the want criminal file , and there it be ! look at that ! Joe take the file from Fox and open it . joe shaye the skywayman . Holy shit , a perfect match . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 66 . 101 continued : 101 amdursky they describe the skywayman as a thirty - year-old -- dark hair -- six - foot -- same fuck guy ! joe shaye it do not make any sense . a thirty - year - old have to register for the draft , which mean he print have to be here . fox maybe there 's a reason he do not register . he could have a wooden leg for all we know . maybe he be bear in Peru and he 's not a american citizen - joe shaye maybe he 's not thirty . somebody call New York , get a list of juvenile runaway from the nypd . 102 ext . - paula abagnale's home . `e_ vmigl island . - morning 102 ten FBI agent have surround a 4 / story home in long island . Joe shaye , wear a black hat and black overcoat , be knock on the door with amdursky and Fox . Paula answer with a cigarette in she hand . joe shaye good morning , mar 'am , we be the FBI Agents who call . paula yes . I have be wait . I hope you be all hungry . I make biscuit - 103 int . - paula' home . - long island . - morning 103 Paula sit on the live room couch pour three cup of coffee . there be a tray of biscuit on the table in front of she . paula my husband be a lawyer . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 67 . 103 continued : 103 Paula motion to a framed picture of Jack wright . paula ( cont ' d) he advise I not to speak to you . so I would appreciate it if you do not mention this to he . joe shaye of course , ma'am . do you have a current address for you ex-husband , Frank abagnale ? paula no . he move around a lot this day . how be that biscuit ? amdur ky very good . joe shaye ma'am , you file a police report last year for a juvenile runaway name Frank ana1e , Jr. paula he 's forging check ? that 's why you be here ? ( laughing ) half the kid he age be on dope , throw rock at police , and you be scare I to death because my son be forging check ? joe shaye what he 's do be a federal offense . paula ( cont 'd ) a young boy have to eat , have to have a place to sleep . what do you want he to do ? his father can not help he . Paula get off the couch and grab she purse . ( continued ) Debbie Zane -' 68 . 103 continued : ( 2 ) 103 paula ( cont 'd ) I be work part-time now at the Church . just tell I how much he owe and I will pay you back . Paula take out she checkbook . joe shaye so far it 's about two million dollar . 104 int . - dallas bank - dallas . - day 104 lucy , one of the bank tellers we meet earlier , sit in she office . Joe shaye and the other agent open up the buckley school high school yearbook . on a page mark , sophomore , Joe point to tiny black and white picture of Frank wear a coat and tie . lucy yes , Sir , that 's he . but I do not know he be sixteen ! I swear to God I do not know ! Joe get out of the cy , - 61ose the door on Lucy and smile at amdursky and Fox . we get he . 105 ext . - JFK airport . - day v till " _ 105 Frank be wear he James bond 's 1 ' / as she pull up to the airport in a german sport car . he park the car and jump out of the convertible , leave the key in the ignition . 106 int . - JFK airport . - day 106 Frank be walk through the airport , eyeing several uniformed cop who be scattered throughout the terminal , all hold the yearbook picture of frank . Frank see four undercover cop walk toward he , then see two detective check the identification of a pan am pilot . Frank nervously step into the newsstand , hide behind a magazine rack as he slowly reach up and take off he Pilot 's cap and sunglass . frank ( v.o. ) dear dad . I be no longer a airline pilot for Pan be . I be now a FBI agent work undercover for the ( more ) ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 69 . 106 continued : 106 frank ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) United States government . how be you ? please get in touch with joanna carlson at Monroe High School , and tell she that I will not be able to go to the junior prom with she . Frank be stare at the cover of playboy magazine . he smile as he read the headline : river bend -- the best singles complex in america 107 ext . - river bend apartment complex . - atlanta . - day 107 super : atlanta , georgia august 1964 a sprawling apartment complex that line a picturesque golf course . there be two swim pool , tennis court , but most of all -- women . everywhere you look , there be woman walk the grounds , swim , play tennis . Frank be carry the micker bank machine into he apartment , pass two women in bikinis . frank '' 1ï¿½ ( 0 ) this be a micker encodifi achine . it 's what bank use to print number on check . I collect they . woman # 2 very cool . where 's the party tonight ? frank I be do fondue at my place . 108 int . - franks apartment . - night 108 close on a bubbling fondue pot with skewer lining the rim . the apartment be pack with man and woman who be drink , smoking pot , and eat fondue . r.b. woman # 1 Frank , this be great fondue . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 70 . 108 continued : 108 frank thanks . do you see my new phonograph system ? it 's reel - to-reel , the best sound system you can buy . Frank motion to the phonograph system in the live room , with giant speaker against the wall . r.b. woman # 2 I still want to see that bedroom of yours . I hear you have thirty suit . frank thirty -one . come on , everyone , I will show you my closet ! 109 int . - franks bedroom . - night 109 Frank be stand in front of the master walk - in closet . his bed be round , - and there be mirror on the ceiling . frank okay , you guyeady ? Frank throw open he " c door , revealing four rows of suit , all different st all arrange by color . R. B. 0 # 1 whoa , look all though ï¿½1 ï¿½ frank ï¿½ no some of that Manhattan le suit be three hundred dollar . and that shoe be stacy - Adams slip-on . r.b. man # 2 I do not know the FBI .paid so well . a drunk women come run into the bedroom . r.b. woman # 3 come quick . lance just fall into the conversation pit . 110 int . - marietta general hospital . - atlanta . - night 110 Frank walk through the hospital , look into room , smile at patient . he walk toward a reception desk , see a young doctor yell at brenda strong , 17 , a thin , awkward look candy striper with she hair in a bun and brace on she bottom tooth . ( continued ) nohhic 7mno - 's 71 . 110 continued : 110 young doctor this bottle need to be label when you pick they up . do you realize what would happen if they get mix up -- do you understand how dangerous this be ? do not stand there cry , just nod you head and tell I you will not do it again ! Brenda nod she head , quickly walk away from the Doctor and sit behind the reception desk . she bury she head and start to write a letter , she body still sobbing as Frank walk up to she . frank be you okay ? Brenda look up at Frank , she eye and nose puffy from cry . she cover she mouth when she talk . brenda i he tell I to ck up the blood , so I do . he nev tell I to label it . Brenda . frank Brenda , I would not worr - out it . this doctor do not know everything . brenda it 's my first week . I think they '.re go to fire I . frank no. nobody will fire you . I will bet you be good at you job . brenda no , I be not . frank I will bet if I ask you to check the status of my friend , lance applebaum , you could do that in a second . he hurt he foot tonight . Brenda grab a chart , start to read it out loud . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - for 72 . 110 continued : ( 2 ) 110 brenda Mr. applebaum fracture he ankle . Doctor ashland be treat he in exam seven . frank see that . no problem . Brenda smile , cover she mouth . brenda this be the emergency chart . see the blue star , that mean the patient have be diagnose . after he 's treat , we put a red circle here . frank how do you like that brace ? Brenda look embarrassed as she stare at Frank . brenda I guess they ' , okay . frank mine be bottom . I h 'e ( E hhem . I still have my mouth qua brenda you have really nice tooth . frank and you have a pretty smile . Brenda try not to smile , shaking she head and cover she face . frank ( cont 'd ) I be serious . I think that brace look really good on you . Brenda start to blush as she continue to write she letter . frank ( cont 'd ) what be you write ? ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 73. 110 continued : ( 3 ) 110 brenda a letter to ringo . frank what do it say ? brenda I can not tell you . I be embarrassed . frank come on . what do it say ? brenda it say I love he . pretty stupid , right . ringo Starr be never go to read my letter . Frank stare at Brenda , start to smile as she put she letter in a drawer . frank Brenda , do you know if they be hire here at the h ital ? C o 111 int . - JOHN granger' office . - tal . - day . Frank be sit across from JOHN granger , 60' , the hospital administrator , who be read over a resume . granger Harvard Medical School , top of you class , Children 's Hospital of Los Angeles , peace Corps volunteer in North Africa . a pretty impressive resume , Doctor connor ? why do you want to work here ? frank I come to Atlanta to relax , to get away from my practice for a year . but to be honest , I be a little bored out at River Bend . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 74 . 111 continued : ill granger unfortunately , the only thing I need be a emergency room supervisor for my midnight to eight shift , someone to baby - sit six intern and thirty nurse . but I doubt you would be interested in that . frank would I get to pick my own nurse ? 112 int . - franks apartment . - river bend . - night 112 twenty people be party in the live room . 113 int . - franks bedroom . 113 Frank be lie on he bed make a phony medical school diploma . he 's use a harvard brochure to guide he as he carefully place the stick - on letter on the age paper . a woman walk into the bedroom . 114 int . - conference room . - DAB ^ 114 Frank be sit in front of do ger and five doctor , all of whom be look over fram ' file , which consist of the fake harvard medical school diploma -- fake letter of recommendation from children' hospital of los angele , and a fake california medical license . doctor granger Doctor connor , here be you temporary license , which allow you to practice medicine in the state of Georgia for up to one year . and now let I be the first to say , welcome to marietta General . 115 ext . - hospital . - night 115 Frank be stand in front of the thirty candy striper , nurse and intern who will be work under he during the night shift . he wear Doctor 's white , hold a clipboard as he take roll . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 - 75 . 115 continued : 115 frank Brenda strong ? he smile at Brenda , who cover she mouth as she smile back . brenda here . frank Doctor Paul ashland . doctor ashland Sir ... will you be take role every night ? frank yes . and if you be go to be late , I suggest you bring a note . 116 int . - hospital corridor . - night 116 Frank walk down along hospital corridor hold he clipboard , pass sever " ' , , nurse in the hall . V ( flirting good evening , tjr connor . frank button you shirt , m can see you bra strap . i be 's a hospital , not a sororit 117 int . - franks apartment . - night . on a black and white tv , dr . kildare approach a hospital bed . dr . kildare ( on tv ) any change in the patient , Doctor Marks ? doctor mark ( on tv ) Doctor kildare , I think we should try the shock therapy before it 's too late . Frank sit alone in he apartment eat popcorn and watch dr . kildare on tv . doctor kildare ( on tv ) Doctor White , do you concur ? ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 76 . 117 continued : 117 doctor white ( on tv ) yes . I concur . 118 ext . - franks office . - hospital . - night . 118 the name on the office door read frank connor , M.D. . Frank sit at he desk in front of a brand new IBM electric typewriter . he be make counterfeit check for himself as Brenda walk in hold a clipboard . brenda Doctor connor , you need to sign this . Brenda walk in and hand he the clipboard . Frank start to scribble on the chart , the way Doctor 's scribble out prescription . brenda ( cont 'd ) do you notice anything different about I , Doctor connor ? F you get you ï¿½e ff ! let I see . Frank move toward she , st dk a she bottom tooth . brenda I keep try to show ' 4 ) l night . frank do it hurt when they take they off ? mine feel so weird after . brenda ' I keep rub my tongue over they . I can not stop . it 's so slippery . frank it feel good , do not it ? brenda yes_ it feel incredible . Frank lean toward Brenda , gently start to kiss she . as the passion increase we hear the hospital p.a. system . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 77 . 118 continued : 118 p.a. operator Doctor connor , please come to emergency . Doctor connor to emergency . Frank continue to kiss Brenda . brenda should not you go ? frank there 's a staff Doctor in the emergency ward . brenda what if he 's in surgery ? frank do you really think I have to go ? 119 int . - hospital elevator . - day 119 Frank nervously pace i d , ï¿½ he elevator , take deep breath as he try to calm d 120 the elevator door open , a3w pr slowly walk into the emergency ward , where nurse rush toward a close curtain . emergency N in here , Doctor connor . Frank walk toward a close curtain , stand in front of a bed and force himself to look - ' he see a blood splatter sheet and three young intern stand over the leg of a eleven -year-old boy . frank well , what do we have here ? doctor ashland bicycle accident . a fracture of the tibia , about five inch below the patella . Frank stare at the boy 's face , try not to look at the open wound . frank Doctor hollis , do you concur ? ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 78 . 120 continued : 120 doctor hollis concur with what , Sir ? frank what Doctor ashland just say . doctor hollis ( confuse ) well , it be a bicycle accident . the boy tell we . frank so you concur ? doctor hollis " well , I be not sure we can ... doctor ashland I think we should take a x-ray , then stitch he up and put he in a walk cast . k very good , cb ?6r ashland . you do not seem to have tm4 x a ed for I . carry on . doctor ho I blow it , do not I ? wh id not I concur ? I panicked ! I 121 int . - hospital men' room . - night . 121 Frank walk into the men' room , step into a empty stall and immediately start to throw up . 122 int . - franks apartment . - river bend . - night 122 Frank be write a letter at he electric typewriter . he pull it out and read it over , then take out a pen and sign the name ringo starr . 123 int . - hospital . - night 123 Brenda be run through the hall hold the letter . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 79 . 123 continued : 123 brenda he write I back . ringo write I back ! Doctor connor , come quick ! I get a letter from ringo Starr , he sign he name and say I be he biggest fan ! 124 int . - hospital cafeteria . - night 124 Frank be sit across from Brenda in the cafeteria . brenda I buy you a present . Brenda hand he wrap present . brenda ( cont 'd ) open it . Frank quickly open the box , take out a tiny gold doctor be cadecus . ( cont 'd ) doctor wear be leave yours back lo plate . brenda now when you be walki no the hospital , you will feel l " the real thing . she pin the cadecus on he lapel , and Frank can not help but smile . frank Brenda , I want to go away with you . I will take you anywhere you want to go . brenda I have not really be anywhere . frank just name the place , and we can go . Africa , Egypt , it do not matter . brenda can we go to Liverpool . ( continued ) Debbie Zane -' 80 . 124 continued : 124 frank where 's Liverpool ? brenda it 's where the Beatles be from in Europe . frank okay . we will go to Liverpool . brenda you be joke , right . we be not really go to Liverpool , be we ? frank Brenda , how would you like to be head nurse at the hospital ? be brenda but I be not a nurse . I be a candy striper . k we will get y nurse uniform . nobody will know the rence . I will make the announcem` L : dri V bre they will laugh at m k , please do not make I the h e . promise I you will not do that , t even give a shot . 4 frank just think about it , Brenda . you and I could run this hospital one day . 125 ext . - frank sr .'s eastchester apartment . - day 125 Joe shaye be eat a slice of pizza as he talk with the landlord of the apartment building . joe shaye I just need to go inside and take a quick look around ? landlord he 's at work , so search all you want . but if you find any money in there , it belong to I . Debbie Zane - 5 81 . 126 int . - frank sr' eastchester apartment . - day 126 Joe shaye be walk through the two bedroom apartment . there 's a bed push against the wall , stack of draft paper , envelope , and other stationery supplies lie around the room . we see a black and white picture of Paula and Frank sr. sit on the front of a U.S. army tank . Joe take Frank sr. 's black briefcase off the shelf and flip it open . he reach inside and pull out a stack of postcard -- all send by Frank to he father . Joe smile as he flip over the postcard , stare down at a picture of clark gable and vivian leigh . 127 extint . - eastchester phone booth . - day 127 Joe be inside a phone booth , drop dime into the slot and hold the postcard . joe shaye he 's in atlan Sean ! no , I be not come back of ashington . I be go straight to G and I will meet the team they hit , I be out of dime . Sean , with 3 , I be out of dime ! 128 int . - franks apartment . - rc jend . - night . 128 Frank and Brenda be lie in bbï¿½t ( c.ï¿½ther , stare at each other in the ceiling mirror . frank it 's okay . you do not have to cry . brenda I be sorry , I just can not do this . frank Brenda , it 's okay . I do not care about you be a virgin . I can wait . brenda I want to sleep with you . I really do . Brenda sit up , start get dress . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 82. 128 continued : 128 brenda ( cont 'd ) I have not tell you the truth . I be not a virgin . I have a abortion two year ago . my parent find out and kick I out of the house . Brenda cover she face with a pillow , start to cry . brenda ( cont 'd ) I have a abortion , and they say I be not they daughter anymore . frank it 's okay . brenda then a few month ago they apologize and say I be they daughter , but I could not come home for awhile . I be so sorry , Frank , please do not be mad . bren 10 I ask they all the but they will not let I come h m y Da d' a lawyer , and he and this contract . he call it a al agreement . frank what if you be engage to a doctor , would that change anything ? Brenda remove the pillow from she face , stare at Frank . brenda what ? frank what if I go to you parent , speak to you father and ask he permission to marry you ? brenda do not tease I , Frank . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 83. 128 continued : ( 2 ) 128 frank I be not teasing . brenda you would go home with I to New Orleans ? frank we can leave right now , never come back . 129 int . - river bend apartment complex . - atlanta . - night 129 ten FBI agent burst through the door of Frank 's apartment . Joe shaye be out front , lead the man inside with he gun draw . FBI agent we be clear . it 's empty . there 's a fondue pot in the kitchen , bean bag chair in the live room . Joe walk over to the wall -- stare at the frame harvard medical okhool diploma . 130 ext . - marietta hospital /ï¿½7 ; night 130 ten police car , siren ï¿½ ' n g , pull up to the front of the hospital . joe shaye and hi gn %ump out of sedan , sprint into the hospital . 131 int . - hospital . - night " y ( q ) 131 Joe shaye be lead a army of cop down a hallway , hold ; I the Harvard diploma in he hand . they make they way to the front of a door mark : frank connor , m.d . . joe shaye okay . kick it in . the Agents kick down the door , and Joe shaye walk into the office , stare at a electric typewriter that be hum on the desk . 132 ext . - brenda's parent ' house . - new orlean . - night 132 a white cadillac be park in the driveway of a large , two story house . Debbie Zane - 84 . 133 int . - brenda's parent ' house . - night 133 Frank , dress in a plain white suit , sit at the dinner table with Brenda and she parent , ROBERT and carol strong . the house be old and warm , the table jamme with food . ROBERT Doctor connor , be you a Lutheran ? frank yes , sir. I be a Lutheran . carol have you be to New Orleans before , Doctor ? frank no , ma'am . this be my first time . and please , call I Frank . ROBERT Frank , would you like to say grace ? Frank stare at brend ah she parent , who bow they head . he hesitates for a B T , we see that he have no idea how to say grace . robetc `' ' 'c d) unless you be not i V able . Brenda peek at Frank , who close 2 ) eye and bow he head . frank two little mouse fall in a bucket of cream . the first mouse give up and drown , but the second mouse struggle so hard that he churn that cream into butter -- and he walk out . amen . they all lift they head , clearly impressed . Robert turn to Frank and smile . carol amen . that be beautiful . Frank turn to Brenda , give she a wink . 134 int . - brenda's parent ' house . - library . - night 134 Frank stand next to Robert in the library , the two man sip brandy as they stare at some painting on the wall . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 85 . 134 continued : 134 frank who be this ? ROBERT President Johnson . frank right . that 's very good , Sir . ROBERT it 's just a hobby . every Sunday night I go into the garage , pretend I be a artist . sometimes I stay in there for hour , hide from the world , make a fool out of myself . frank no , Sir . you be a artist . ROBERT what about you , Frank ? where do you go when you need to hide ? ROBERT have you decide whic want to work at here in a frank to be honest , I have be think about get back into law . ROBERT what do you mean ? be you a lawyer or a doctor ? frank before I go to medical school I pass the bar in California . I practice law for a year , then decide to try my hand at pediatrics . ROBERT a doctor and a lawyer . I would say Brenda hit the jackpot . where do you go to law school ? ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 86 . 134 continued : ( 2 ) 134 frank Berkeley . ROBERT Berkeley . well , now she 's hit the irish sweepstake . would you be interested in come to work for a old man who barely make he way through Stanford . my office be desperate for Assistant prosecutor . frank you would give I a job ? ROBERT if you be go to marry Brenda , it 's the least I can do . frank what would I have to do to take the bar here in New Orleans ? 135 int . - state bar examine office . - new orlean . - day 135 close on berkeley transcript , co e e with Berkeley logo and stationery . Frank hand m th oc ent to a woman sit behind a desk , who hand he wuisiana bar exam . bar exami good luck , mister conno 136 int . - AIR FRANCE plane . - day 136 it super : december 26 . 1967 . AIR FRANCE flight 676 . Joe shaye be sit next to a handcuff Frank at the back of the plane . amdursky and Fox be sit across from they . joe shaye look at that . they show movie on plane now . what 's next ? Frank and Joe stare at a small movie screen thirty row in front of they . frank be you gonna eat that eclair ? joe shaye yeah . I be gonna eat it later . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 87 . 136 continued : 136 frank do you want to split it ? joe shaye no . Joe move he eclair away from Frank . joe shaye ( cont would ) you know what I could never figure out , Frank ? how you cheat on the bar exam in Louisiana . frank what 's the difference ? joe shaye do you have somebody else take the test for you ? frank I be go to prison for a long time , Joe ? what 's t) 1 difference ? 137 int . - louisiana district attorne office - day 137 III Frank wear a new tan suit and hold a tan briefcase as he walk through the busy law office with Brenda 's father . ROBERT you will be work under Phillip rigby in corporate law , handle small claim make against the state , trespass - to - try-title suit , most of it will not get past a pre-trial motion . Frank look down at he desk , pick up the nameplate which read : frank connor , assistant prosecutor . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) why do not you settle in , organize you desk . we be have lunch with the District Attorney and Governor davey at twelve-thirty . Debbie Zane - 88. 138 int . - brenda's parent ' house . - night 138 Frank , Brenda , Robert and Carol be eat popcorn and watch a episode of perry mason on a black and white tv . raymond burr ( on tv ) but if you be at you office on the day of the murder , Mr. Darius , then how could you know you wife have leave the gate open ? you honor , lady and gentleman of the jury , this be irrefutable evidence that the defendant be lie ! 139 int . - new orlean courtroom . - day 139 Frank stand in a small , empty courtroom , present a case before a judge at a pre - trial hearing . frank I have four letter in my hand that be send to the defendant 's apartment , ea one warning he that he buildin to be spray with insecticide , at he should cover he belong of honor , lady and gentleman t e jury , this be irrefutable evid e tat the defendant be lie judge mister connor , this be reliminary hearing . there 's no defendant , no jury , it 's just I . what the hell be wrong with you ? 140 int . - new orlean courtroom corridor . - day 140 Frank walk out of the courtroom , where Robert be wait for he . ROBERT well ? Frank start to smile . frank case dismiss ! Frank shake Robert 's hand , and Robert pull he close and " ' give he a hug . Debbie Zane - 5 89 . 141 ext . - new orlean garden district . - day 141 Frank be cover Brenda 's eye with he hand as he slowly walk she toward the front door of a large house . frank okay . reach you hand out and feel that . what do you think it be ? Brenda reach out and touch a doorknob . brenda what be it , Frank ? frank it 's we front door . I make a offer today . Frank remove he hand , and Brenda look up at the giant , six bedroom house that sit on a cul - de-sac . frank ( cont 'd ) what do you t ) k ? brenda it 's so big . be you h e( q can afford it ? frank we be gonna have it all , Brenda . brenda but where will we get the money for a house like this ? frank the same place everyone get it . the bank . 142 ext . - franks cadillac . -- night . 142 Frank be park in front of the airport . he turn to Brenda and give she a kiss . brenda why do you have to go ? ( continued ) Debbie Zane -'. 90 . 142 continued : 142 frank I agree to speak at this medical conference six month ago . you father understand . Frank grab he briefcase and get out of the car . brenda why can not I go with you ? frank next time . I promise . 143 int . - airport . - night 143 Frank walk into the airport , immediately go to the men be room . 144 int . - airport men' room . - night 144 Frank open he briefcase , pull out he pilot' uniform . 145 int . - printing supply P. - new jersey . - day 145 Frank wear a black 's a pan am pin on the lapel . he stand with the owner of e? rint shop . fran as I state on the Pan be have be unhappy for so t about the quality of they expe ck . we be look for a new m to handle the printing . print shop owner how large would the order be ? frank about twenty thousand check a year . print shop owner oh , God , I want that account . what do I have to do to get it ? frank for starter , why do not you show I how you make you check . 146 int . - new york office build . - day 146 two delivery men be carry a I - tek camera into a small office , where Frank be set up a large paste - up board . ( continued ) tlahhia Tana . 5 91 . 146 continued : 146 frank just put it anywhere . they set the camera down , and we slowly pull back , see that Frank have turn this office into he own print shop - delivery man this stuff be heavy . what kind of business you in ? frank I make check for Pan be . Frank motion out the window , where we see the pan am build directly across the street . 147 int . - franks new york office . - late 147 Frank be work at the paste - up board , make a 16 - by - 24 inch copy of a pan am expense check . we watch as he take the check and place it directly under the lens of the I - tek C RA . m the plate engrave i fib around the drum of the small printing PRESS - close on a paper cuter slicing the edg no&lt ; `'a newly print pan am expense check . 148 int . - FBI build . - WASHINGTON D.C. 148 super : november , 1965 a large , smoke fill conference room , the drape close to block the afternoon sun . joe shaye hold one of Frank 's new check as he stand before FBI director marsh , who sit at the head of a long table . deputy director deever handle the introduction . special agent wilk Sir , I have call this briefing to update you on the Frank abagnale situation . director marsh who ? ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 92 . 148 continued : 148 7 special agent wilk the skywayman . agent shaye from bank fraud have be the point man on this case , and I will let he fill you in . Joe walk to the front of the room , stand in front of a slide projector . joe shaye director marsh , Frank abagnale be no longer forging check . he 's move on to counterfeit , make he own Pan be expense check from scratch . next slide . the slide change . joe shaye ( cont would ) the amount have increase to almost one thousand dollar per check , and the quality , as you can see , be virtually flawless . ctor marsh how much ha ' glen so far ? joe ' E we latest estim of about three and a half million 's . he 's now the most successful bber in the history of the un ate . director marsh be hold one of Frank 's check , run he hand along the print blue and white surface . director marsh and how close be you to get he ? joe shaye Sir , with you help I feel a arrest could come at any time . we believe he could be in New Orleans . director marsh I will give you thirty more agent and I will bump he up to the ten most want list . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 93. 148 continued : ( 2 ) 148 special agent wilk Sir , he 's only seventeen - year -old . we have never put a child on the ten most want list before . what be we gonna tell the President ? director marsh the President keep he money in a bank . we will tell he he 's fair game like the rest of we . 149 int . - village inn bar . - afternoon 149 Frank walk into the bar wear a black suit . he see he father sit in the corner wear a postal uniform and drink a beer . the place be fill with the afternoon regular , all watch tv . Frank walk up to he dad and set a dime in front of he . frank how about a little music , dad ? frank sr . I take a job . a government job . you see what I be do ? do you have a good lawyer ? frank dad , I be a lawyer . frank sr . look at this letter . ( hand Frank a letter ) they kick I out . they take away my membership at the rotary Club . they accuse I of terrible thing , make up a list of lie just to keep I out . I be gonna sue they , a lifetime membership be what I have . I have the plaque , the letter of congratulation . ( continued ) Debbie Zane -'. 94 . 149 continued : 149 frank have Mom see you dress like that ? frank sr . you mother do not know what she want . frank we will go out together and get you a suit . a new black suit . one of that Manhattan Eagle three button black pearl . frank sr . that be nice . we will have a drink first . frank dad , I be get marry in two week - I be buy a sixty thousand dollar house , a new cadillac . I be get it all back , everything they take from we . I wa you and Mom to come to the wedd ' g ogether . frank you have to ask herd of have to fight for she . prom be q u will not let she see you dress a this . frank sr . she will not come , because she just have a baby . Frank stare at he father for a long beat . frank sr. ( cont would ) a little girl . she have a little girl . 150 int . - midway airline cockpit . - night 150 Frank be clearly upset as he sit in the jump -seat , lose in think . the pilot get out of he seat , turn back to Frank . pilot be levele off . you mind take she for a minute , I need to use the bathroom . ( continued ) be , , hhin 7rn _ r+ 95_ 150 continued : 150 Frank stare at the empty seat as the Pilot move past he . frank wait . what be you do ? pilot I need five minute . I would do it for you . the Pilot walk out of the cockpit , and Frank turn to the co- pilot . frank he leave . CO - pilot he 's get a ulcer . Frank get out of the jump - seat , walk over and sit in the pilot' seat . he look at the instrument , the wheel move on it 's own in front of he . Frank stare out the front wirï¿½r2&gt ; ;s w' p the cockpit -- the blackness in front of he - - hi start to shake as he slowly reach up and put he ds on the wheel -- 14 frank okay . shut it off . the Auto - Pilot flip the switch , and Frank hold on for dear life as he fly the plane into the darkness . 151 int . - joe shaye's office . - night 151 Joe be sleep in the chair in he office . the phone ring , and he quickly answer . joe shaye ( on phone ) this be shaye . intercut with Debbie Zane - 96 . l for 152 int . airport . - night 152 frank hello , joe. merry Christmas . Joe grab a pad and pencil . joe shaye I think you might call . where be you ? frank I do not know , exactly . a airport somewhere . joe shaye what do you want , Doctor connor ? frank Joe , I have not be Doctor connor for month now . shaye fuck you . I ' fitting here in my office on C be - Eve , so just tell I what of fran it 's over . I want ver now . I be get marry . ' ï¿½ vttling down . joe shaye you have steal four million dollar . t you think we be just gonna call it a wedding present ? this be not something you get to walk away from , Frank . frank I want to call a truce joe shaye there be no truce . you will be catch , and you will go to prison . where do you think this be go ? frank please , leave I alone , Joe . I do not want to do it anymore . do not make I do it anymore - ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 97 . 152 continued : 152 joe shaye I be close be not I ? you be scared because I be get close . how close be I ? frank will you stop chase I ? joe shaye I can not stop . this be my job . frank it 's okay , Joe . I just think I would ask . 153 int . - new orlean ballroom . - french quarter . - night 153 mardi gras be in full swing . a crush of people walk down bourbon STREET . Joe shaye be push through the crowd of people , amdursky and Fox next to he as he make he way into the crowd . Joe motion behind hiwm 'fere twenty agent quickly split up and start walk thry ugh Quarter . close on frank stand on a HOTEL balcony aft ourbon Street , wear a mask and watch the FBI AG eis hey move through the french Quarter . joe shaye turn and look up at the balcony , stare right at Frank for a beat before he continue through the chaos . 154 int . - HOTEL ballroom . - day 154 a engagement party be go on - - a hundre people in elaborate costume and gowns . Brenda , dress in a mask and corset , be stand with some girlfriend -- show they she engagement ring . Frank take off he mask , and we see the fear in he eye - as he walk over to Brenda . frank come with I . Debbie Zane - 98 . 155 int . - coat room . - new orlean HOTEL ballroom .. - night 155 Frank pull Brenda into the coat room . they be surround by fur coat , expensive black overcoat , a row of black hat . Brenda kiss he . brenda Frank , can you believe this party be for we ? frank we have to leave , Brenda . you love I , right ? I mean , you would love I no matter what ? brenda of course . frank if I be poor , or sick , or if T ' have a different name . a name mean n i g , right ? my name be Frank co ush . that 's who I be with you . we al secret . sometimes when I tr 1 use the name Frank Williams t rï¿½ my secret . brenda Frank Williams ? frank it mean nothing -- Frank Williams , Frank Black -- when I be with you , I be Frank connor -- that 's all that matter . brenda why be you say this ? frank Brenda , I do not want to lie anymore . I be not a doctor . I never go to medical school . Brenda smile , think he 's joke . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 99 . 155 continued : 155 frank ( cont 'd ) and I be not a lawyer or a Harvard graduate or a Lutheran . I run away from home a year and a half ago when I be sixteen . brenda stop teasing I , Frank . you be Frank connor , right ? you be Frank connor and you be 28 - year -old . why would you lie to I ? Brenda turn to Frank , try not to get upset . brenda ( cont 'd ) Frank , what 's you name ? I want you to tell I you name . frank we will go to Liverpool . we can live there , Brenda , you and I can live wherever we want . I have money , enough for the rest we life . but you be gonna have ust I . do you trust I ? do you 1 ov , I love you . frank no matter what . even ave to live in Liverpool , or I a different name -- you will still love ii I ? brenda ( upset ) I love you , Frank . I love you . frank but we will never tell anyone the truth . you can not tell you parent . brenda no . we will not tell anyone . and we will go away . I do not care if I ever see my parent again . I just want to be with you . frank we will leave tonight . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 100 . 155 continued : ( 2 ) 155 brenda but the wedding be next month . it 's all plan . we can leave right after the reception , just like a honeymoon . frank no , we have to leave today . I will pick you up at you parent house in two hour . brenda two hour ? frank we will get marry in Liverpool . would you like that ? brenda yes . I love you , Frank . but please , before we go -- tell I you name . 156 int . - franks apartment . - new orlean . - night 156 Frank be pack a su e with hundre dollar bill . he be try to get the sui close , sit on top of it -- the money spilling out 's . 157 a heavy rain be fall as fr es toward Brenda 's parent ' house . as he turn ont street , he sees five patrol car park in front of th use . neighbor have line the street , and two state troopers be guard the front of the house with shotguns . frank stop the car , stare in stunne disbelief at the police in front of the house . siren be wail in the distance as Frank put he head on the steering wheel and close he eye . 158 int . - brenda's parent ' house . - night . 158 Robert and Carol be sit in the live room with Brenda , hold she in they arm as two police officer stand across from they . Brenda be cry , hold she cat as Joe shaye kneel in front of she . joe shaye hello , Brenda . my name be Joe shaye , and I be with the FBI . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 101 . 158 continued : 158 Brenda keep she face bury in she father 's shirt . joe shaye ( cont would ) that 's a pretty cat . what 's he name ? brenda ringo . joe shaye I know this be all a bit scary , but I need you to tell I where Frank be go . a lot of people be look for he out there , and the last thing we want be for Frank to get hurt . and I swear to you , Brenda , if you tell I where he 's go -- I will keep he safe . brenda you promise ? J shape yes . I prom " e just tell I where he 's go . Liverpool . 159 int . - new orlean airport . 159 Frank be walk through a airpo / he rush over to a twa ticket counter that be close down for the night . frank be there any more flight tonight ? ticket agent I be sorry , Sir , there 's nothing until morning . this airport shut down at eleven . 160 int . - FBI office . - miami . - day 160 Joe shaye stand in front of twenty FBI agent , pace . joe shaye we have to stop he before he leave the country . I want everyone we have inside Miami International . he 's use that airport before , he know ( more ) ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 102 . 160 continued : 160 joe shaye ( cont would ) the layout . one way or another , he will end up there . fox he do not have a passport , Joe . joe shaye in the last six month he 's go to Harvard and Berkeley -- I be betting he can get a passport . amdursky I already talk to the Miami police , they have offer fifty uniform cop in two shift of twenty - five . fox Joe , with we guy that 's almost a hundred man in one airport . do not you think we should spread it around . shaye no. Miami i h'ff exit point . now all we have to of tch he . 161 int . - hall of record . " I I - day 161 0 Frank walk into the hall of frank Excuse I . where do you p the death record ? 162 int . - state death record archive room . - day 162 Frank be look through a thick book . all of the entry be for 1938 , and Frank be quickly scan page . he stop when he see the follow entry . frank taylor born dec . 3 . 1938 . died dec . 8 1938 . age -- five day . mother' maiden name - penner . 163 int . - birth certificate office . - CITY hall . 163 Frank walk up to a window at miami CITY hall and smile at the woman behind the counter . frank hello . I would like to get a copy of my birth certificate , please . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 103 . 163 continued : 163 CITY hall woman I will need you name , date of birth , mother 's maiden name and the county and hospital you be bear in_ frank the name be Frank Taylor . I be bear December 3 , 1938 , in Tampa . 164 int . - passport office . - federal build . - miami . 164 Frank walk up to the window at the passport office . frank ( cont 'd ) I would like to get a passport , please . passport employee 11 . have you ever have a passport before ? frank never . p port employee I will need a 0 0 of you birth certificate . F \\ / , I bring it wit h= - ï¿½ siï¿½ Frank take the birth certifi ed ' of he pocket and set it on the counter . frank ( cont 'd ) will this take long . I be try to catch a flight . 165 int . - fontainebleau HOTEL . - miami . - day 165 a new passport sit on a desk in the plush , penthouse suite of the fontainebleau HOTEL . Frank stand at the window look out at a perfect Miami sunset as he talk on the phone . frank ( on phone ) this be Frank Taylor , and I be let all the university in the area know that Pan be will be initiate a new recruiting program this year . I will be stop by you campus tomorrow morning . Debbie Zane - 'â¢ 104 . 166 ext . - university of miami . - day 166 Frank wear he pilot uniform and carry a black briefcase as he walk past a group of student who be protest the war . 167 int . - gymnasium . - university of miami . - day 167 Three hundred student , all female , sit on the bleacher of a gymnasium stare up at mr . hendrick , the director of student placement . mr. hendrick lady , quiet down , please . as you all know , Pan be have send 'a pilot here to interview prospective stewardess for a new summer internship program . this be Captain Taylor , and he will be talk to you today . Frank stand in front of the girl , who suddenly get very quiet . F thank you all ing . at the end of the day Ill ick eight young lady to of Pan be 's first " future stew ' flight crew program . thes ai girl will accompany I on onth public relation tour of rope this summer , where they will learn first hand what it take to be a Pan be stewardess . 168 ext . - miami INTERNATIONAL airport . - day 168 we see FBI agent , uniformed cop , undercover cop and local detective all take they position in and around the airport . it look like they be prepare for war , and Joe shaye be in the middle of it all . 169 int . - interview room . - university of miami . - day 169 Frank sit behind a desk hold a notebook as he interview a young female student . frank Judy , what do the word " abroad " mean to you ? ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 105 . 169 continued : 169 judy when I hear the word abroad , I think of crossing the ocean and travel to distant land . frank thank you . 170 int . - interview room . - late 170 Frank have draw a picture of a airplane on a chalkboard . he be point to various section of the plane . frank and what 's this , monica ? monica the wing . frank very good - and this ? the tail . excellent . 171 int . - gymnasium . - day 171 this be the moment of truth . Al ` - we0birl be stand , and Frank be read from a list . frank debra jo mcmillian . debra jo come scream out from the sea of girl , hugging friend and cry as if she have just win the Ms. America pageant . frank ( cont 'd ) Heather shack . heather shack scream and rush into debra jo 's arm , the two girl scream as Frank continue to announce the winner . 172 ext . - miami INTERNATIONAL airport . - day 172 Miami Police officer be spread out in front of the airport , look bored as they drink coffee and pace back and forth . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 106 . 172 continued : 172 a station wagon pull up to the front of the airport , and two cop watch as EIGHT beautiful college girl walk out , all dress as flight attendant , all hold luggage . the cop never even glance at Frank , who stand in the middle of the girl as they walk into the airport . 173 int_ - miami INTERNATIONAL airport . - day 173 Frank walk through the pack terminal surround by the EIGHT girl , all walk in stride , they hair and make - up perfect , every man in the airport turn to stare . Frank and the girl walk past two FBI agent , who can not help but smile at the girl -- who in turn smile back . FBI agent # 1 ' do you see that blonde in front ? FBI agent # 2 I should have be a pilot . 174 int . - miami airport coe shop . - day 174 Joe shaye be sit ' 1n fee shop that look down over the entire internationa R 1al . he hear a announcement over the airport p.a. sy p.a. o ( v.0 . ) will Mr. Joe shaye k a white courtesy phone . Mr. J e , please pick up a white courtes one . in the distance , joe watch as the eight girl walk toward he . he hesitates for a beat , then walk to the back of the restaurant and find a white phone . joe shaye this be shaye . intercut with 175 int . - miami airport ticketing area . - day 175 amdursky Joe , you be walkie talkie be not work . there 's a guy in a Pan be uniform sit in a white cadillac in front of terminal J ! ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 107 . 175 continued : 175 joe shaye that 's the charter terminal . can you ' see he face ? amdursky he 's get he Pilot 's cap on . I think it 's he ! 176 int . - airport . - day 176 Joe shaye be run through the airport , sprinting past Frank and the college girl as he make he way outside . 177 ext . - miami airport - white cadillac . - day 177 forty FBI agent and miami police officer slowly approach the white cadillac . Joe shaye have he gun draw . joe shaye Frank , get out of the car ! put you hand on the hood ! there 's no place to run , so just make it easy on yourself ! the car door open , amd year - old kid get out of the car , he hand shaking 's e( jtare at Joe -- the pilot 's cap fall off he head . kid do not shoot I ! I ' mo Â§ , s` ' , driver ! a man pay I a hundr ar to wear this uniform and p someone up at the airport ! ii joe shaye who be you pick up ? kid Joe shaye . Joe lower he gun , immediately turn back toward theairport -- watch as a british airways jet take off and fly overhead , banking leave and sailing out over the ocean . 178 int . - joe shaye's office . - WASHINGTON D.C. - day 178 snow be fall outside Joe 's office window , which overlook a parking lot . Joe sit at he desk stare down at some counterfeit check . a secretary walk in and hand he a envelope . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 108 . 178 continued : 178 secretary this just come for you , Sir . who do you know in Liverpool ? Joe take the envelope and slowly open it . he pull out a stack of black and white photograph , all of which show the EIGHT college girl in various location . there be shot of they on the spanish step in rome , at the eiffel tower , in front of buckingham palace , and in front of scotland yard . a postcard of the mona lisa be inside the envelope , with the word " wish you be here " write across the back . 179 ext . - montpelier FRANCE . - day 179 the vineyard of montpelier stretch across the Bas languedoc valley , where tourist drive through on they way to the Mediterranean . Frank be eat a ice cream as he walk down the main street , the shop and restaurant open and busy for the summer . Frank stop a delivery boy on a bicycle . frank Excuse I . do u know where the lavalier fa life ? 180 ext . - lavalier home . 180 Frank be knock on the dbe oo the main house of a small vineyard . monique lavalier , answer the front door hold a baby . frank hello . do you speak English ? monique nod . frank ( cont 'd ) my name be Frank . my mother be Paula lavalier . I be hope to find my family . monique take Frank by the hand , start to smile . monique I be monique , you aunt . monique hug he , kiss he cheek . monique ( cont 'd ) ( in french ) pappa ! Paula 's boy be here ! Debbie Zane - 5 109 . 181 int . - lavalier home . - dinner table . - late 181 the entire family be sit around the dinner table , stare at Frank as he take a sip of wine . frank it 's very good wine . the family start to laugh at he . frank ( cont 'd ) what ? marcel the wine here be shit . this valley only grow shit wine . it be use for stretch . frank what 's stretch ? monique they send we not by truck to the famous vine be of bordeaux and burgundy , a d mix it with the good wine to be ( he people . papp the Americans thi only the best . but drink the shit for everyone laugh hysterically , and Frank join in , the family laugh together as they eat Sunday dinner . 182 int . - lavalier home . - night . 182 Frank be sit in the live room stare at a photo album . he see the old picture of he mother and father sit on the american tank . monique here . you mother send I this to I a few month ago . monique hand Frank a color photograph . Frank look at the picture , see Paula stand with Jack wright , hold a baby in she arm . monique ( cont 'd ) you look like you new sister . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 110 . 182 continued : 182 Frank stare at the picture , then hand the picture back to monique . frank everyone say that . 183 int . - university of montpelier . - day 183 Frank walk into a large classroom fill with college freshman . he turn and write he name on the blackboard : mr. wagner . frank my name be Frank wagner , and I will be teach the summer session of american History , the same course I teach at Yale last year . why do not you all open you book to chapter one , read quietly to yourselves . 184 int . - lavalier house . - night 184 the family be eat di be together , and Frank look surprised as pappa La be bring a birthday cake out from the kitchen . as every ns be to sing -.. F o. ) dear dad . I be be ad %ow , live a quiet life in a sm lage in France . I hope you g well , and you be not mad at run away . Frank blow out the candle on the cake . frank ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) yesterday be my 19th birthday , and when I blow out the candle I wish that we could all be together , the three of we live in we old house in New rochelle . 185 ext . - lavalier house . - day 185 Frank be work in the garden , surround by rose . monique walk out of the house . monique I have to pick pappa up , he car be dead . come with I , Frank , you can see where he work ? Debbie Zane - 5 186 ext . - warehouse . - outskirt of town . - day 186 Frank and monique pull up to the front of a large warehouse . frank what be this place ? monique the family business . frank I think the family business be wine ? monique no. Paper . 187 int . - print shop . - day 187 close on a professional printing PRESS , 90 feet long , ten feet wide . the giant machine fill warehouse . six men work in the massive press room , t be afen thump of the machine shaking the wall as it strug yle , it out 10 color page a minute . we see sample of they ning the wall -- french newspaper , color poster rtisement . close on frank stare up at the giant printin he body limp , h be face cold . pappa lavalier , shift and smoking , walk toward he with a big smile . pappa what do you think ? frank I have read book about this machine . but I have never see one . pappa you want I to show you how it work ? frank yes . pappa for color printing we set the back gear , then put the plate in up - side - down , pour the ink in last , ( more ) ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 112 . 187 continued : 187 pappa ( cont 'd ) never when it 's cold , then we roll the cylinder brake until they catch ... close on frank lose in he own world , he mind racing as he stare at every part of the machine -- he eye cold with excitement and dread . 188 int . - printing room . - night 188 the printing PRESS be thumping and grind , the light low , the press room empty except for Frank , who stand at one end of the machine , he shirt off , work like a man obsessed as he operate the massive press by himself -- thousand of perfect blue and white pan am check sliding off the paper roll and dropping to the floor . 189 int . - lavalier house . - montpelier . - night 189 Frank reach into the k of the closet and pull out he pilot' uniform . as h 's ps on the jacket , monique walk in and turn on the light . i ees he suitcase on the bed . frank I do not know . 190 int . - FBI office . - WASHINGTON . Joe shaye be sit in he office try to use a electric pencil sharpener , which be break . as Joe pull out a half - eat pencil , Fox and amdursky walk in hold a envelope , big smile on they face . amdursky Joe ...he cashed a check in Madrid . 191 int . - FBI office . - WASHINGTON D.C. - day 191 Joe , wilk , amdursky and Fox be face director marsh , a stack of check on the desk in front of he . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 113. 191 continued : 191 joe shaye Singapore . Australia . South America : ' Egypt . he 's also hit almost every major bank in Europe . FBI director marsh how many check ? special agent wilk thousands . FBI director marsh why be not I call ? joe shaye nobody be call , Sir . the bank do not know what be happen until last week . we think he 's be on the run for five month . FBI director marsh that 's impossible . Pan be would have call we . they do not c forging -- and counterfeit . joe shaye he 's make real check , Sir . this be so perfect , Pan be cashed they all . FBI director marsh where be he ? joe shaye the last check be cashed in Paris a week ago . he will stay there another week before he move on . we have to go now , Sir , today ! FBI director marsh go where ? joe shaye Paris . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 114 . 191 continued : ( 2 ) 191 FBI director marsh I be sorry , Joe . if we could not catch ' he here , we be not gonna catch he there . 192 int . - joe shaye's office . - night 192 Joe pace in he office , hold the phone and talk much too loud , he voice echoing through the hallway . joe shaye English . do you speak English ? I be a american FBI agent . hello ? shit ! Joe slam down the phone , walk out 'of he office . joe shaye ( cont would ) do anyone here speak french . I need someone who speak french ! 193 int . - FBI conference room . - day 193 amdursky and Fox walk i the conference room with oliver , a heavy set man who 1 terrify as they sit he down next to Joe . joe shaye jp agent luc , I need you t anslate for I . fox he 's not a agent , Joe . he 's a waiter at the restaurant around the corner . 194 int . - french police station . - day 194 police detective julien , 40' , sit at he desk do a crossword puzzle in the middle of a busy french police station . his phone ring , and he answer . detective julien Julien . 195 int . - joe shaye's office . - day 195 Oliver be on the phone , nervously sit behind Joe 's desk . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 115 . 195 continued : 195 joe shaye who answer the phone ? what 's he name . oliver his name be detective Julien . he work in the vice squad in Paris joe shaye that 's fine . tell he I have a proposition for he . tell he the FBI have a proposition for he . Oliver translate as Joe pace in front of he . oliver okay . what 's the proposition ? joe shaye ask he if he would like to catch the great bank robber the world have ever know . 196 close on detective julien sit al --h!ts riï¿½esk , he expression suddenly change as he glance aroun tation . he quickly put the crossword puzzle away and rip into the phone . abagnale . 197 ext . - paris . - day Frank step out of the lobby door or a hotel , walk toward a wait limousine . a driver open the door for he -- a young kid that wear a black suit and hat . french chauffeur where to , mister wagner ? frank let 's go for a drive . I need some supplies . the limo drive off . Debbie Zane - 5 116 . 198 ext . - paris street 198 joe shaye ( v.0 . ) when he get to a new city he start out slow , hit the bank on the outskirt of town . at first it 's small check in small bank that pose little or no threat . we hear oliver' translation behind Joe 's voice . joe shaye ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) then he start move in , circle the city like a mother hawk , pick off every little bank he can find -- slowly inching he way toward the center of the city . 199 int . - stationary store . - paris . - day 199 Frank stand at the counter of a stationery store , look into a glass case fill with expensive pen . joe sha ï¿½1 there 's always one ba 's bigger and richer than all the er . this be what he come for , and he will watch it for day . he will know if they add a security - guard , or bring in a new teller . and if he see anything out of place , a new clean man , a window shade that 's up instead of down , he will move on to the next one . that 's the luxury of have the entire world as you mark . 200 ext . - paris STREET . - day 200 close on detective julien -- stand in the middle of Paris , look down a endless row of massive bank . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 117 . 200 continued : 200 joe shaye ( v.o. ) he will make he move right before lunch , when everyone 's mind be on food and the line be short . and he like to stand out -- draw attention to himself . 201 ext . - bank of paris . - day 201 a massive bank in the middle of the city . we see Frank 's limo pull up to the curb , and Frank wait for the driver to open the door before he get out . joe shaye ( v.0 . ) the more people see he , the more invisible he become . 202 int . - bank of paris . - day 202 Frank walk into the bank , take out a leather case and open it , revealing a checkbook . he take he waldmann pen from he pocket , smile at a female teller . hello . I need sh this . my wife and I be goi o( orway this afternoon . Frank turn the check over a tee L. check to the teller , but she 's take 1 it . frank ( cont be there something wrong ? the bank teller be shaking and stare at Frank . he slowly turn around , see detective julien stand behind he with he gun draw . 203 int . - FBI conference room . - night 203 Joe , amdursky , and Fox be all half asleep , wait in the FBI conference room . the clock on the wall read 3 a.m. -- and the phone finally ring . before he even pick it up , Joe shaye start to smile . 204 int . - french courtroom . - day 204 a pack courtroom . Frank 's hand and leg be shackle . he stand before a judge who be read he sentence . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 118. 204 continued : 204 french judge ( in french ) Frank William abagnale Jr. , I sentence you to two year in papigone prison . 205 int . - papigone prison . - paris . - day 205 a cell door close . 206 int . - AIR FRANCE airplane flight 676 . - day 206 Frank and Joe shaye be sit next to each other in the back of the plane . through the window Frank can see the skyline of Manhattan . amdursky and Fox be smoking in the aisle . frank Joe , you have to let I call my father when we land - I want to talk to he before he see I on television . joe shaye you father i ead , Frank . I be sorry . Frank turn to joe. jou i ( cont ' d) he commit su 0ï¿½.c L do not want to be the one to t frank suicide . no . that 's imp ' ibl joe shaye they find he inside he car , the motor run , the garage door shut . frank who be they to think that ? who be they to say something like that ?! joe shaye it 's okay , Frank . frank Joe , I be gonna be sick ! I have to use the bathroom . Joe quickly take off Frank 's handcuffs , and he jump from he seat and run into the bathroom . Joe stand in the aisle with amdursky and Fox . Debbie Zane - 5 119 . 207 int . - AIR FRANCE plane bathroom . - moment later . 207 ' Frank be on he knee , tear run down he face as he use the metal tip of a fork to unscrew a hard plastic plate above the toilet . the screw come free , and Frank be able to pull the entire toilet unit away from the wall . he make he way into a tiny crawispace , then pull the toilet back against the wall . 208 ext . - AIR FRANCE plane MAIN cabin . - minute later . 208 Joe shaye check he watch as a flight attendant walk past he and smile . AIR FRANCE stewardess you will have to take you seat , Sir . we be about to land . Joe knock on the bathroom door . joe shaye Frank . ( cont ' D ) Frank ! come on ; ''r mnk , open the door ! damn it ... Frank ! o joe shaye 1.4 break it down . amdursky start kick at the bathroom door , slamm he heel against the metal release . the door break free , and the three man stare in disbelief at the empty bathroom . 209 ext . - AIR FRANCE plane / kennedy airport runway u-moment 209 later . the plane have land and stop short on the runway . we see Frank crawl through a hatch near the landing gear . he drop fifteen foot to the ground below , start run across the runway . 210 int . - AIR FRANCE plane MAIN cabin . - moment later 210 all of the passenger remain seat as Joe , amdursky and Fox stand in the aisle . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 120 . 210 continued : 210 joe shays look under every seat , in every bathroom . check it all again , even the cockpit ! as Joe start move through the plane , something outside the window catch he eye . 211 ext . - kennedy airport tarmac . - day 211 he see Frank sprinting across the tarmac , make he way toward the terminal . ' 212 int . - AIR FRANCE plane MAIN cabin . - day 212 joe shaye God in heaven ... 213 int . - long island church . - morning . 213 a church choir be sing come home jesus , Paula sit in the front row in a pale blue dress and snow white hat . as the song end , Paula se Frank enter the large , empty church . he be daze and off b a e , he body still weak from prison . Mom ... Frank stumble down the cent e , drop to he knee and fainting before he reach= h ter . 214 int . - church office . - day . 214 FI Frank open he eye , see he mother stand at the window in a priest private office -- a cigarette in she hand , a row of collection plate on the desk in front of she ... paula you want a sip of water ? Paula hand Frank some water . he sit up and stare at he mother . frank why do not you help he ? paula I do help he . near the end I send he money , do you know that ? ( more ) ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 121. 214 continued : 214 paula ( cont 'd ) I pay he rent . I be a kid when we meet , frankie . I do not even speak English -- I do not even know he last name . frank then why do you marry he ? paula because he get I pregnant . I be seventeen , and I be tell I be go to marry he . they put I on a plane , and say I be the luckiest girl in the world . frank what about the baby ? paula the baby die a hour after it be bear . the Doctor 's know as soon as he come out . Paula light a fresh cont 'd ) it be a boy . T tell I I should hold he , do not want to . I be scared he ie in my arm , so I say no . C imagine that , Frank , I do not to hold my own son ? Frank walk toward he mother and take the cigarette out of she mouth . frank you promise . he do not look back at she as he walk out the door . 215 ext . - church . - day 215 Frank look daze as he walk out of the small Church - as he make he way down the step , four black van speed up next to he , two team of FBI agent jump out and grab he , throw he to the ground as he roll over without a fight , he body limp as he stare up at Joe shaye . Debbie Zane - 122. 216 int . - courtroom . - day 216 Frank stand before a judge who be sentencing he . judge take into account you refusal to give back the money , you history of bold escape and you complete lack of respect for the uniform of the law , I have no choice but to sentence you to eighteen year in Atlanta 's maximum security prison in dixon county , and recommend strongly that you be keep in a isolation cell for the entirety of that sentence . 217 int . - maximum security prison - atlanta 217 . Frank stand in front of he cell in the isolation wing of the prison . there be no bar , no window , just square , individual cell box . Frank walk into he cell , the door close behind he . 218 int . - prison visitinc / rsm . - day 218 Frank be wear he pris for psuit as he 's lead into the visitor 's room and place n a chair that face bulletproof glass . Joe shaye be sittin qrdl4 , 's from he . they both pick up they phone . joe shaye merry Christmas , Frank . T Frank do not answer he . joe shaye ( cont would ) I get some cigarettes here . frank I do not smoke . a awkward moment as Joe put the cigarettes on the floor . joe shaye they say the first year inside be the hardest . frank you catch I . what do you want ? ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 123. 218 continued : 218 joe shaye I do not know . maybe this be a bad idea . I will go . as Joe start to put the phone down . frank you be still wear a wedding ring . joe shaye yeah . the truth be , I be divorced - I have a daughter who 's nine . frank what 's she name ? joe shp_ye vanessa . she life in Chicago with she mother . I do not see she much . Frank stare at Joe for a beat . I be on my way el tje airport . I be tracking a paper ge who 's work he way through miï¿½t this guy be drive we crazy . frank do you have any of the check ? FL Joe hesitates , then open he briefcase and take out a check . he hold it against the glass . joe shaye this be a counterfeit from great Lakes saving and loan . you can see that he 's use a ... frank it 's a teller at the bank . joe shaye what ? frank it 's a teller . ( continued ) debbie zane 124 . 218 continued : ( 2 ) 218 joe shaye how do you know ? frank every bank use hand stamp for the date . they get use over and over , so they be always wear down , and the number be always crack -- the six and nine go first . look at the date on that check -- the ink be wear flat , the nine and six be crack -- that 's the stamp of a teller , Joe . look like you get yourself a inside job . 219 int . - prison . - night 219 Frank be lie in he cell , stare into the darkness . frank Eastern flight 794 you be clear to taxi on runway_two - zero-four . that 's a big thank y , and goodbye , Newark . lady and eman , we be levele off here at't five thousand foot . the sm gns have be turn off for of you in a designate smoki my name be Captain Frank will so just sit back , relax , a the flight to Milan . 220 int . - jail cell . - atlanta prison . - night 220 the prison be lock down , the light out for the night . Joe shaye and director marsh be pass row of dark cell as they make they way through the prison . 221 int . - interrogation room . - night 221 Frank be sit across from Joe and director marsh , a glass of milk in front of he . two guard stand behind he with rifle . Frank be 23 - year -old , but still have the boyish face of a teenager . frank Joe , one of this day you should get yourself a new jacket . what be that material ? Frank touch Joe 's jacket . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 125 . 221 continued : 221 joe shaye cashmere . frank that be not cashmere -- look at the lining . it 's some kind of polyester . you should see my tailor in New York . FBI director marsh can we do this , please ? joe shaye Frank , this be FBI director marsh . he want to meet you . frank at four in the morning ? 1 1 FBI director marsh Mr. abagnale , you have serve five year of a eighteen year sentence F k that 's righ have year , two month . tor marsh I would like you tcy of k at something for I , tell I uo ï¿½ %u think . director marsh take a enveldi j of a briefcase , slide it over to Frank . Frank open t lope and pull out a payroll check . he hold the check be hand , never look at it . I ; frank it 's a fake . FBI director marsh how do you know ? you have not look at it . frank there 's no perforate edge , which mean this check be hand cut , not feed . the paper be double bond , much too heavy for a check . the ink be raise against my finger instead of flat . Frank bring the check to he nose , sniff it . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 126 . 221 continued : ( 2 ) 221 frank ( cont ' d) this do not smell like micker . it 's ' probably draft ink , the kind you buy at a stationery store . Joe and director marsh exchange a look . FBI director marsh Frank , would you be interested in work with the FBI 's fraud and counterfeit unit ? frank I already have a job here . I deliver the mail . joe shaye no , Frank . we would get you out . frank why be you say this , Joe ? you catch I , be not that enough ? why can not you lea ' I alone ? ector marsh Frank , we ha wer to take you out of prison . be place in the custody of t where you would serve the remainde you sentence as a employee of t al government . frank whose custody ? joe shaye mine . 222 int . - FBI field office . - dallas , TEXAS . - day 222 super : MARCH 29 1973 Frank wear a brand new black suit as he walk into the massive FBI build . he approach a security guard . frank I be Frank abagnale . I be suppose to start work here today . security guard first floor , Mr. abagnale . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 127 . 222 continued : 222 frank call I Frank . 223 int . - FBI build . - third floor . - day 223 Frank make he way down a long hallway , pass other young man in dark suit who have come out of they office to see he pass . Frank see Joe shaye stand at the end of the hall . frank Morning , Joe . Frank turn and stare at a door mark fraud . he casually walk inside . 224 int . - franks FBI office . - day 224 , a stack of file sit on Frank 's desk . there be hundred of check , mug shot , pile of counterfeit money . Frank look out the window of he office , stare out at the dallas skyline . look at I , 225 int . - apartment . - dallas h day . 225 o Frank walk through the door ny , run down apartment . Joe shaye stand at the door . frank I would rather stay in a hotel . joe shaye that 's not possible . Frank open the drape and look out at a police station that sit across the street from he apartment . frank one of the man give I a check today . it be for nine dollar . joe shays that 's right . the FBI be pay you prison wage . Joe turn to walk out the door . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 128. 225 continued : 225 frank tomorrow 's Christmas Eve . would it be okay if I go to work with you ? joe shaye tomorrow night I be fly to Chicago to see my daughter . but I will be back at work on Monday . frank joe. . . what do I do until Monday ? joe shp_ye I can not help you there , kid . 226 int . - FBI office . - day 226 Frank sit alone eat a sandwich , look through a book of mug shot . he stop when he see he own mug shot , the black and white picture stare up at he . Frank carefully rip the mug shot out of the book and put it in he pocket . 227 Frank be walk the stre ' 's carry a small bag of grocery as he make he oh e. something in a store window catch he eye , and F , tand freeze on the corner , look across at a window DI close on the window of a costume shop . there be several mannequin dress in different costume . Frank slowly approach the window , stare at a mannequin wear a airline pilot' uniform . 228 ext . - dallas airport . - night 228 Frank get out of a taxi wear the pilot' uniform . he pull he cap down tight as he make he way into the busy airport . 229 int . - dallas airport coffee shop . - night 229 Frank sit alone at the airport coffee shop eat a hamburger and read a comic book . Joe shaye walk into the restaurant and sit next to he . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 129 . 229 continued : 229 joe shaye that 's a nice uniform , Frank . here , let I get you check . Joe grab the check from Frank , put some money on the table . joe shaye ( cont would ) do you know I be recruit by the FBI while I be still in law school ? the government say I be the best the country have to offer , top of my class -- and they chase I until I say yes . frank I be sorry , Joe . joe shaye I spend four year arrange you release . I convinced the Attorney General of the United States that you would not run . Frank get out of he fir , walk out of the restaurant . Joe follow he throw h , irport . jo ' : E ( cont ' d) you go back to E pe rï¿½pd you will die in papigone . you run here in the state and with 1 d you back to Atlanta for f' ar . frank I never ask for you help . joe shaye please , Frank , you leave and I be finish . I get you out , I convinced they to let you out . frank why do you do it ? joe shaye you be just a kid . frank I be not you kid . I be not you son . I be nothing to you . and you be nothing to I . Frank walk toward the american airline ticket counter . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 130 . 229 continued : ( 2 ) 229 joe shaye I be gonna let you fly tonight . I will not even try and stop you , because I know you will be back on Monday . frank why would I come back ? joe shaye because nobody be chase you . Frank stare at Joe for a long beat . frank two mouse fall in a bucket of cream . the first mouse give up and drown , but the second mouse struggle so hard he churn that cream into butter and he crawle out . joe shaye which one be you , Frank ? Frank turn to the gin ? be the ticket counter . 1ï¿½v hello , amanda , ï¿½ ï¿½ 's 's ï¿½ jh e jump - seat open on the ten-thirt Â® N , wyork ? Joe watch as Frank walk thky oor mark crew only , casually make he way toward D une . 230 int . - joe shaye's office . - day 230 4 Joe sit at he desk drink coffee . he check he watch , then call out to he secretary . joe shaye be abagnale in yet ? secretary no. 231 int . - FBI office conference room . - day 231 Joe shaye be use the slide projector and stand in front of ten agent , include special agent wilk . joe shaye good morning . I have call this emergency briefing to discuss a check ( more ) ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 131 . 231 continued : 231 joe shaye ( cont would ) fraud and counterfeiter who 's be hit bank all over Arizona . special agent wilk just tell we how much he 's get , Joe ? joe shaye do not ask . the briefing room door open , and Frank walk in . Joe spot he in the darkness . joe shaye ( cont would ) good . you be here . the two man stare at each other for a beat . joe shaye ( cont would ) at this time I would like my point man on this to fill you in . Frank , be you ready to ake over ? frank ( John doe 6116 be a pa ; er who start in Phoenix , usz at I call a double deposit forgery system . next slide . what he 's do be open two account at the same bank under two different name ... 232 int . - airplane . - day 232 Frank and Joe be sit next to each other on a plane , both hold magazine and eat nut . Joe be wear a brand new black suit . there be several other agent on the plane , include amdursky and Fox . frank Joe , do you guy always fly coach ? joe shaye yeah . ( continued ) Debbie Zane -: 132 . 232 continued : 232 frank you want I to talk to someone ? see if I can get we bump to first class ? joe shays just relax . we will be there in two hour . Frank look out the window . frp.nk I have never be to Arizona . joe shaye it 's hot . let 's just hope - we catch this guy fast . frank Joe , you ever see the Grand Canyon ? joe shaye no . k you think i with e time we can take a quick ?( ( -o joe shaye ( cont would ) I feel a little silly in this suit . frank it look good . you just have to get use to it . joe shaye how much do you say it cost ? frank eight hundred dollar . joe shaye where do you get eight hundred dollar ? frank credit card . ( continued ) Debbie Zane - 5 133. 232 continued : ( 2 ) 232 joe shaye somebody give you a credit card ? that 's a horrifying think . the two man sit in silence for a beat , stare down at they magazine , lose in think . joe shaye ( cont would ) can I ask you something , Frank ? frank sure . joe shaye how do you pass the bar exam in Louisiana ? frank I study every night for two week . joe shaye be that the truth ? Frank turn to the wipf 'or ? , slowly start to smile as he look out at the cloud . frank abagnale JR . have be qf mor 25 year . he have three teenage son , and live be V life in tulsa , oklahoma . since he release from prison in Z , frank have helped the FBI capture some of the world most allusive check forger and counterfeiters . frank have also developed many of the security feature that bank use to prevent check fraud . he hold several patent on these feature , and to this day frank make a royalty on almost every check written in the UNITED states . that check royalties pay frank abagnale million of dollar a year . title card # 2 joe shaye retired in 1986 , having be awarded three distinguished service award from the FBI . frank abagnale have four . they remain close friend to this day . Debbie Zane -