catwoman by Dan Waters base on character from DC Comics batman by Bob kane previous revision by John brancato & Michael ferris laeta kalogridis theresa rebeck kate kondell John Rogers second draft polish February 11 , 2003 fade in on : int . temple of bast - night start on the face of a golden cat statue . this be the cat - god bast , lithe , noble , beautiful . camera move to reveal the statue be 50 foot tall , dominate this space . other image of cat -- hieroglyphics , ceramics -- abound , as do -- real cat , hundred of they , slinking in the shadow on ramp cut into the sandstone wall of this egyptian temple . at bast 's foot , EIGHT acolyte in gowns kneel in a semi - circle around a flame brazier . some of the woman weep , other pray or stare stoically ahead . from outside , we now hear distant scream , the sound of marauder . there 's a rhythmic banging at the massive bronze temple door . ext . temple of bast - night the temple be a impressive place of worship -- taper column and a ornate egyptian facade -- at the apex of a hilltop village , in flame , under attack by a persian army . superimpose : " 496 b.c . " wham ! the steel prong of a mount batter ram swing into the ornate door of the temple . persian soldier operate the brutal siege engine , slam the door again and again . int . temple of bast - night the high priestess wear a special hooded white gown that mostly conceal she face . she move from one acolyte to the next , pour a dark liquid from a bejewel decanter into golden goblet , then pour one for herself . she raise she goblet toward bast , as do the other -- they drink in unison . high angle as the goblet clatter to the floor and the women slump to the ground ... dead . pull back -- we be watch this from the perspective of a egyptian mau cat -- slim , elegant , dark - spot gray and black fur , a scarab MARK on its head . ( continued ) continued : the mau let out a cry ... which prompt a eerie , grow chorus of meow and howl from the other cat . the cat emerge from the hide place en masse , leaping from nich , converge on the body . the mau lead the way , move to the high priestess and put its mouth to hers ... on the temple door - at last they buckle and swing open . the soldier , bear torch and sword , storm inside . they grab anything of value , smash and deface everything else . at the foot of bast lie nine robe ... but there 's no sign of the woman who wear they . soldier slash the robe with they sword anyway , then snatch up the goblet for booty . a unearthly cry -- half -human , half - feline -- from somewhere high above the rampaging soldier . they freeze , look around frantically . more eerie cry echo off the wall , from all direction . the soldier raise they weapon , cluster defensively . from out of the shadow above they , dark human form suddenly leap down with impossible agility . stay on the face of bast , peer down impassively . the torch - cast shadow of the violence below play upon the statue 's golden surface ... flailing sword , the swift silhouettes of naked women . we hear the guttural cry of the soldier , clearly outmatch in this mortal combat . move to the cat , perch above the fray , look downward as they pace the temple 's ledge and ramp excitedly . the mau take a final look at its handiwork , then leap up , slink through a crevice at the roof , and emerge on -- cut to : a rooftop we hear the modern sound of pass auto traffic . camera rotate to reveal -- ext . edna' neighborhood - day the mau settles by a satellite dish , look down on a present - day suburban street , a busy main drag . marshland and water be visible not far away , light rain fall . ( continued ) continued : superimpose : " 2500 year later . " the mau watch as , across the STREET , a bus pull away from the curb to reveal a woman in a hooded white poncho -- the outfit recall the high priestess of bast . the hood be throw back , revealing patience price , 25 - 35 , attractive but inclined to conceal she look -- hair over she face , baggy clothes under she poncho . she 's cautious , eager to please , to do what 's expect of she -- a bit of a doormat . patience look up from a address scribble on a scrap of paper , and straight toward the cat on the roof -- almost as if she would sense its presence . she smile . the mau hold she gaze for a beat , then slink out of sight . ext . edna' home - day a eccentric , ramshackle home amongst neat , well - keep house . patience move to the front door , ring . as she wait , she note the lawn grass grow high , climbing cat sculpture on the shingles . a sign by the door : " feline rescue society . " edna power open the door on a chain . she 's 50 - 70 , a former academic , intelligent , charming , but quite intimidating . edna yes ? patience hi , edna power ? ( off she nod ) I be patience price , I call about adopt a cat ? I see you flyer at my vet 's office -- edna oh yes , do come inside . edna undoe the chain , open the door for she . int . edna' home - live room - day patience , out of she poncho , fill out a questionnaire on a clipboard . numerous cat roam the premise . feline artwork and curio , scratch post , furry toy ... cat paradise . ( continued ) continued : patience -+. ma'am ? edna be put out dry cat food in numerous bowls . edna you may call I edna . patience edna . some of this question be ... kind of personal . do you really need to know how many , um , partner I have have in the past year ? edna I be not interested in you love life . but I do want to know what sort of home environment you be offer , you degree of commitment ... patience guess I would not need the cat if ... patience force a laugh , fill in a zero and pass the clipboard to edna . the woman put down the cat food , slip on the read glass she wear on a chain around she neck . edna the application be mostly a formality . I havea sense about people . patience well , I have always like animal . ( not enough ) cat specifically . I mean , I love they ... worship they , even . edna seem satisfied , return to read patience 's answer . the mau , meanwhile , come around a corner into the room , peer curiously at patience -- who dangle she hand invitingly . he rub he face against she hand . patience smile , coo at the cat -- which grab she hand hard in he claw . patience stifles a yelp , yank she hand back . ( continued ) continued : patience Son of a -- edna Excuse I ? patience nothing ... handsome cat . I have never see one like he . the mau jump into patience 's lap , settling in . edna , surprised and almost suspicious , eye the cat . edna her. that 's Midnight , a egyptian mau . normally she do not trust people -- edna reach a hand toward midnight -- the cat 's fur stand up , she hiss and swipe at edna . edna see ? even I can not get near she ... very strange . ( glance at the application ) so . you leave out you parent ' address . patience well ... they be both dead . edna no hereditary illness , I hope . patience private plane crash . I be eleven . actually , the last thing they give I be a kitten ... fatso . edna suck she breath in at this insulting name . patience he be very round -- not from overfeed or anything , just -- really , he do not mind . anyway , he be with I a long time , till early this year . he do not come at the sound of the can-opener , which kind of freak I out ... I find he just , curl up there in he little bed ... ( continued ) continued : patience be get a bit emotional . edna reach across and squeeze she hand , with genuine sympathy . midnight snuggle into patience 's lap , purring as she stroke the cat . edna it 's very hard , dear , I know ... you must be in so much pain . Midnight dig she long nail into patience 's thigh , knead . patience wince , try to dislodge cat 's claw from she leg -- Midnight " playfully " attack she hand . stifl a gasp : patience mm-hmm . edna funny how cat get under we skin . they do exactly as they please , they do not care what anyone think about they ... they be the ultimate predator . so self - contain , so independent , so wild ... sometimes I wonder , why do they even put up with we ? patience the free food ? edna ( put the papers aside ) well , congratulation . it seem you have be choose . patience so you think you might have a kitten for I ...? edna kitten ? no , that would not be appropriate . Midnight have choose you . patience look a little unnerve at this . midnight , roll on she back , seem to be bare she fang at patience . edna it 's a great honor . maus be a very rare breed , descend from the sacred cat of ancient Egypt . they be believe to have magical gift . ( continued ) continued : midnight have wrap herself around patience 's arm , kick and bite " playfully . " patience I be not sure she like I -- edna nonsense , she perceive something very special in you . patience there 's nothing special about I . edna cat see thing we do not . we secret selve -- we soul . patience mm . do you have any Band - aids ? cut to : int . patience's apartment - night camera move through this modest , neat studio apartment , past a bulletin board with numerous photo . one or two show a young patience , there 's a picture of a little girl between two smiling parent on a roller coaster . mostly , though , they be snapshot of a chubby tabby cat , from kitten hood to old age . suddenly , midnight lunge into frame , attack a picture of fatso , rip it from the bulletin board . keep moving past window face on the street and a adjacent build across a alley -- it 's a corner apartment on the second floor . camera hold on a tv , where a classic old movie like now , voyager play . at a key , romantic moment , CUT to commercial -- laurel avenal stride toward camera -- statuesque , perfect , a supermodel . we hear the voice of george avenal : george ( v.o. ) you know who you be . you know what you be after . a male model step into frame , reach for she -- george ( v.o. ) you know you be too good for any man ... ( continued ) continued : Laurel raise a eyebrow haughtily and slap he face . she move past the male model to -- -- george avenal . he 's Laurel 's husband and the company c.e.o. , handsome and charismatic . laurel fall into he arm . he caress she , deeply in love . Georges wink . george --. almost . CUT to a product shot of a jar of cream , the name " beaunique " and the avenal logo . george ( v.o. ) beaunique by avenal . you know you want it . close on laurel as she toss she hair back , gilda-style , with a seductive pout . she purse she lip in a kiss . reverse angle -- patience watch with a curl lip , on the couch in a T-shirt and short , eating chocolate ice cream directly from a pint carton , a dark smear around she mouth . suddenly , midnight pounce at the spoon of ice cream . patience jerk back , startle , raise the spoon out of reach . patience no -- this be mine ! midnight do not back off , jump repeatedly at the spoon , climb over patience , get a rear paw in the open pint . patience oh , gross , you -- just take it . patience offer the cat the half - empty pint . as midnight dig in happily , bury he head in the container -- light come on in the apartment across the way . patience hesitates only a instant , stick the spoon in she mouth , click off the tv and flip off a lamp by the sofa . through the window , a handsome man -- he name be tom lone -- cross past . patience sigh in the dark , move for a better view . this voyeurism be a guilty habit . ( continued ) continued : lone check he mail , loosen he tie , unbutton he shirt . patience welcome home , sweetie . how be work today ...? ( male voice ) same old same old . all I wanna do be get out of this shirt and give you a big old hug ... lone be distract , read he mail , shirt still on . midnight , meanwhile , pull she head out of the ice cream and leap onto the windowsill -- she look first at Lone , then at patience , who look around she . patience down in front ... come on , you , off with the shirt . instead , lone be move out of view . patience move in the same direction , into she bathroom . int . patience's apartment - bathroom - night the bathroom window face into Lone 's bedroom . he start to unbutton he shirt , glance casually out the window -- patience immediately duck out of sight . a moment later , she rise slowly to peek out again -- the window be dark , lone have turn off the light . patience flip on the light , study she face in the mirror . patience lame , lame , lame . she wipe a bit of chocolate from the corner of she mouth . she try a seductive pout , a la Laurel , give she hair a seductive toss -- it wind up in she eye and mouth . on patience's window -- from across the alley , we see patience before she mirror , brush she hair . pull back to reveal we be watch with tom lone , who spy on patience through he own window , light off . he sigh . cut to : 10 . int . avenal hq - showroom - day moving camera deliver a assault on the sense : mirror , oversize version of the beauty product , chart of color choice , shelf upon shelf of slickly - package cosmetics . prominent be a display for beaunique . hip music in bg . avenal girl , perfectly coiff and make - up barbie doll , busily paint the face of client , woman of all age and background , in high - tech make - up chair that resemble torture device . patience cross through , pause to take off she sneaker and pull on a pair of high heel . sally -- a avenal girl in a prim outfit , work on a matronly customer -- look up to greet patience . we now see patience have a small scratch on she cheek , poorly cover with makeup . sally look what the cat drag in . patience ( touch she cheek ) I know , I know , I be late -- Midnight think there be a mouse in my pillow . sally this be why I only sleep with my own species . lunch at joey 's ? patience nod and wave as she hurry through a set of door to a elevator bank . int . avenal hq - accounting bullpen - day overhead angle on a rat 's maze of office cubicle , people with accounting staff . find patience tapping at she terminal , sip coffee . it 's a grim little space , enliven by a garfield toy , some New Yorker cartoon . patience seem bored by the drine work -- then she cock she head at something on the screen , lean closer . she double - check data in the print-out . something do not tally . on screen -- among a long list of figure , we see " yp - 3 " highlight , follow by a series of number . patience get up quickly with the printout , she spill a few drop of coffee on she white blouse . she dab at this distractedly as she move through the bullpen toward a glass - in office . she knock on the open door , where we see the name " D. berger - accounting . " ( continued ) 11 . continued : patience Dave , I be just go over the first quarter expense . we lab fee for this one additive -- yp - 3 -- have go through the roof . berger , a bald , bespectacle accountant , look up as patience move around he desk to show he some figure . patience look at this , a overage of eight hundred percent on " extrude pellet " alone -- I be not even sure what that be -- berger Rat chow . berger 's concerned . as they huddle over the figure , we hear a chopper approach . camera move past they , out the window - ext . avenal hq - day -- camera swing up the 40 - story skyscraper in the business district of a city mixing architecture old and new . camera pass a window washer on a cable-driven rig . nearing the roof , we see a glow sign which read " avenal beauty " -- and a passenger chopper come in for a landing . ext . avenal hq - helipad - day the chopper touch down on a helipad atop a elevate penthouse . george avenal emerge , ducking in the blade wash . the company 's ceo , Georges be charismatic , handsome , immaculately tailore -- a exact asshole to the core . get out of the helicopter behind he , he menace , silent bodyguard angel carry a leather suitcase or two . laurel avenal trot toward she husband with open arm . Laurel be 30 - something , a still - gorgeous super - model but , in person , a tad past she prime . she come across as sweet and well - meaning , but a bit dim and victimize . laurel oh honey , welcome back ! she throw she arm around Georges to give he a kiss , but he push she away , turn aside to sneeze . ( continued ) 12 . continued : laurel be you all right ? george my allergy . I think you be get rid of that vile dog of yours . george pluck a long dog hair from she clothes , hold it up for she to see , then move on briskly , down a external flight of stair from the helipad to a penthouse below . Laurel follow after he , angel in the rear . laurel Georges , when you be go , tippy be all I have get and -- I get so lonely . george so get a bird or a fish , something that do not shed . ( a glance at she ) have you gain weight ? they head through glass door into the penthouse . int . avenal hq - penthouse - day laurel protest , examine she body . laurel no no , it 's muscle -- I have be work out , do my tae kwan do -- she flexe a muscle to demonstrate . george be not interested , look at the penthouse decor with distaste . meanwhile angel move to a elevator , press a down button and await he master . the penthouse be a large , dramatic space , decorate in a frilly , Louis xiv style -- classical statuary of nude female , ornate draperies across one wall -- there be ladder , can of paint , a work in progress . a large portrait of laurel dominate the room . in one alcove be a movie - STAR make - up mirror , surround by light . george what the hell happen here ? ( continued ) 13 . continued : laurel I be do some redecorate , I have have so much time on my hand -- do you like it ? george no . what 's with the curtain ? laurel drapery . they soften the space ... george I like hard space . ( off she hurt look ) whatever , Laurel , if it make you happy . I plan to be spend more time at the factory , anyway . he enter the elevator , Laurel behind , angel hit the button . int . avenal hq - elevator bank - day a large graphic depict laurel and GEORGE together . patience curl she lip at this as she press the down button . door OPEN to reveal the real laurel and george , startling patience a bit , the impassive angel behind they . patience take a half - step forward and hesitates , reluctant to get aboard , freeze in place . the door start to close , then open again -- she 's in the way . george in or out ? patience meekly step into the elevator , press a button for the lobby , nervously keep she eye fix to the front . int . avenal hq - elevator - day george lean past she to hit " door close . " many cat hair be sprinkle on she clothes , he sniff and stifles a sneeze . he look patience over , and do not like what he see . george Excuse I , miss . do you know who I be ? ( continued ) 14 . continued : patience um ... of course . you be Georges avenal -- you own the company -- george then you actually work for I . be you familiar with we product ? patience yes sir , I just can not really afford they -- george you can afford some peroxide , can not you ? do something about this mousy hair . george run a hand distastefully through she frizzy hair , then take a moment to study she . george stain on you blouse , run in you pantyhose -- and that color 's awful on you . ( finger she outfit ) do you own a iron ? show I you hand . shake , patience extend she hand . Georges inspect she tremble finger . he seem sadden , cluck he tongue . george a nail -biter ... my my , you really be the " before " picture , be not you ? laurel I could give she the number for my manicurist -- george ( wave Laurel off ) what 's you name ? patience patience ... george I have not get all day -- ( continued ) 15 . continued : patience no , my name 's patience , patience price . I be in accounting . george I be afraid that 's no excuse . regardless of you position , you do represent avenal beauty . I simply can not allow that to continue . patience wait . you be not -- fire I ? george I have no choice . all we have to sell be a image -- and you be not it . you have get to go . ding ! the door open . patience stare at the man in disbelief , then bolt out into the showroom . stay with george , laurel and angel as the door close . laurel poor girl . george study Laurel 's face a moment , lean closer , amaze . george be that a pimple ? int . joey' diner - day a retro place , patience and sally sit in a booth over salad and sodas . Sally lean across the table , fix patience 's make - up -- she mascara 's run from cry , she nose be red . a open make - up pouch rest between they . patience I try , Sally , I really do . I read vogue , I wear uncomfortable shoe ... I have be a female all my life , you would think I would be better at it by now . sally watch the frown line , you will need a lift before you be forty . ( continued ) continued : she open 16 . patience he 's right , I be not even presentable enough to be a accountant . maybe the church need a new bell - ringer . sally look , he be just in a bad mood . sale be down , he marriage be on the rock -- patience how do you know that ? sally I have a enquire mind . this be " nympho , " very hot , I snag it from the showroom ... a tube of lipstick , start apply it expertly to patience 's lip as she speak . sally Laurel 's lose she look , she 's dumber than she cockapoo buzz be , Georges be trading she in for next year 's model . all I be say be , by now he 's probably forget about can you . patience I do not care . no way be I go back there . sally shut up , you will smear ... voila , now suck you finger . patience put she finger in she mouth , pull it out with a pop , to keep the lipstick off she tooth . she study the residue on she finger . patience I can not believe we put this stuff on we mouth . grease , acid and ground - up fish scale ... who know what they put in we mascara ... sally no wonder you never make it in sale . angle through window behind they , as a long limousine pass . 17 . int . limousine - day laurel be fix she make - up meticulously in a compact mirror , look for sign of the dread zit . george be flipping through ad layout board . wesley , a weasely assistant , be seat between they , go over a electronic appointment book . a chauffeur , angel in the passenger seat . wesley you be both schedule to appear at the make - over for the homeless event on the 25th -- george ugh . that one 's yours , Laurel . wesley the ballet open the follow Friday -- george ( be : the ad board ) this look good , wesley , send they back to the agency . laurel close the compact , lean across to catch a glimpse . laurel May I see ? george you would not be interested . laurel please , Georges ? she tug a board away , then suck in she breath see -- a ad feature drina , a gorgeous young model , nearly nude . we see a tube of mascara with the avenal logo . george that 's drina . laurel she 's ... pretty . george she 's magnificent . george take the board back , laurel look a little sick . ( continued ) 18 . continued : laurel well , I be still the face of avenal ... be not I ? george ( smile indulgently ) you have have a remarkably long shelf life , it 's true . but ... every product have a expiration date . Laurel bite she lip , look out the window , close to tear . a phone be ringing , angel answer in front . Georges ' hand be still full with the ad pile around he . angel uh , sir , it 's Dave berger in accounting . george who ? I do not talk to bean-counter . angel he say it 's urgent . george all right , angel , put it on speaker . intercut with : int . avenal hq - berger' office - day berger peer at he terminal , a half - eat sandwich nearby . he 's mark up the print - out that patience bring he . berger ( on phone ) Mr. avenal -- I hate to bother you , sir , but we have a problem . it seem the lab have be overproduce yp - 3 -- that 's the anti-age ingredient in beaunique -- george why be you tell I this ? it 's routine to have a surplus -- ( continued ) 19 . continued : berger we have stockpile over a thousand gallon , enough to last we well into the 29th century . george perhaps that be a trifle optimistic -- berger and very expensive . fund seem to have be siphon out of the employee pension plan -- george impossible , this have to be a error . be you responsible for this data ? berger well , actually patience price bring the matter to my attention -- george yes , yes , I be familiar with Ms. price . obviously she bookkeeping be as sloppy as she appearance . berger Sir , she 's a very reliable employee -- george I have hear enough , berger . in the future , double - check you figure before you waste my time -- and then put it in a memo . with berger berger ( on phone ) in all fairness , Mr. avenal , I think -- beep . he 's talk to a dial tone . berger hang up , frustrated and chagrine . cut to : 20 . ext . shopping district - day start on a jewelry display , a ritzy diamond necklace . sally 's face appear in the window , beam . sally wow ... sorry , patience , I just find a new best friend . patience , beside she , whistle appreciatively , then move on . patience I be sick of drool over thing I will never have . the two be window - shopping , pass a shoe store , boot and high-heel ... a westernwear shop , belt buckle , whip ... sally oh , you be a ray of sunshine . tell you what , let I take you clubbing this weekend -- patience I be not sure I be fit to be see in public . sally you will be in that dress . I have have my eye on it for week . sally point at a mannequin in the window of a trendy boutique , garbe in a dramatic , sexy outfit -- a short bodice , a tiny skirt , plenty of plastic skin show . patience Sally , that be not a dress , it 's a rumor of a dress . it 's barely forensic evidence of a dress . sally it 's a genuine gaultier knock - off -- patience it 's not I . sally but do not you ever wanna be somebody else ? patience I just wish I could be ten year old again -- it do not matter what I wear as long as I could climb a tree in it . ( continued ) 21 . continued : sally you tomboy day be over . patience that 's my bus , sal , see you later . patience trot toward a bus , sally call after she . sally this weekend , patience . I swear , I be gonna make you have fun if it kill you ... as Sally move on , camera linger on the window of a lingerie store , scantily - clad mannequin , include one in black undie and a cat mask . dissolve to : ext . berger' townhouse - night dave berger , the accountant , dress casually , get out of a cab and head into he modest home . int . berger' townhouse - night berger sniff the air quizzically as he let himself in . he move toward the kitchen . in the kitchen doorway , he fumble for a light switch , flick it on and -- ext . berger' townhouse - night ka - boom ! the window blow out with a huge explosion . across the STREET , a black mercede pull from the curb , headlight off , and accelerate away . cut to : int . patience's build - hallway - night patience move to she apartment door , arm load with groceries . she struggle to unlock the door while keep this upright -- we see a " hello kitty " emblem on she key chain . as soon as the door be open -- -- midnight bolt out into the hall , a black streak move toward the stair and darting upward . ( continued ) 22 . continued : patience Midnight ! you little monster -- patience toss she grocery in the door , leave it ajar , and run after the cat . a few moment after she 's vanish up the stair , we hear footstep from below and ... angel , Georges avenal 's menace bodyguard , appear in the hallway . he move purposefully for patience 's door , push it open and step inside . Midnight just save she neck . int . patience's build - upstair hallway - night midnight make for a open hall window that lead onto a FIRE escape . patience just spot she head outside . patience oh no ... ext . patience's build - alley - night patience reach the window just in time to see -- midnight make a spectacular leap across the alleyway and -- -- land on tom lone's balcony . patience be annoyed , but also impressed , in spite of herself . patience Hell of a jump ... int . patience's apartment - night angel fling open the closet and bathroom door in patience 's empty apartment -- no dice . on he way out , he eye a plate of cat food and ice cream with a wince . ext . lone's build - alley - night patience clumsily clamber up Lone 's rattling FIRE escape , reach the level Midnight be on , move toward the cat . ( continued ) 23 . continued : patience you be not worth the trouble -- suddenly , a window fly OPEN , just a foot away , a gun point in she face . patience let out a cry , jump back -- lone freeze ! it 's tom lone . but patience lose she balance , fall -- -- and land in a open dumpster . lone dart from the window , alarmed , realize he error . ext . patience's build - night angel emerge , shaking he head and shrugging toward the unseen driver of the black mercede , then he climb in the passenger door . as the car pull away -- -- lone hurry from the building next - door toward the alley . ext . patience's build - alley - night patience painfully get upright , slip in the trash , as lone appear ; he 's a no - nonsense , gruff cop with a dry wit . lone you all right ? he clamber onto the dumpster 's edge to help she out , she slip and slide , almost pull he in after she . lone I be really sorry -- I be a police officer , I hear the noise and just assume ... here , grab my arm . he manage to hoist patience to the lip , she 's able to climb to the ground . she 's drench in gooey garbage , just stare at Lone , a bit daze from the fall . she can not believe she 's face to face with the man of she dream . Lone think a beat . lone habla espanol ? ( continued ) 24 . continued : she blink at he , confuse , then he tentatively flash a few hand sign for the deaf . she wave this off . patience no , I -- see , my cat get out -- midnight mews , rub against patience 's leg . she pick the cat up , nod toward she window . patience I live right up there -- lone I know . patience you do ? lone I mean , I -- I have see you . around . patience really . actually , I have see you too . around , that be . ( a nod at the dumpster ) thanks for help I out . lone do not mention it . I can not resist a damsel in distress . patience smile and cock she head ... flirtatious body language . she run a hand through she hair , pull out some sticky tissue paper , look at it with disgust . patience oh God , what -- what be that ?! he look over she shoulder , wince . lone I could run it over to the lab ... she toss it in the dumpster , finally register that she 's drench in wet garbage . patience I be sorry , it be nice talk to you , but -- I be completely disgusting . ( continued ) 25 . continued : mortify , she hurry back to the entrance to she building . Lone look after she , amused . cut to : ext . trendy club - night spotlight before a nightclub , a crowd behind a velvet rope . a handsome bouncer stand guard . sally and patience be near the front of the line . Sally have transformed herself , with heavy make - up , a revealing skin-tight outfit that show plenty of cleavage . patience be in a conservative dress , one she might wear to work . Sally howl with laughter at something patience have just say . patience look grim . patience it be not funny . sally ( still chuckle ) yes it be . all this time you have spend moon over that hottie neighbor and he point a gun at you -- patience at least it break the ice -- sally I tell you man go for trashy woman . patience roll she eye , look over Sally 's clothes . patience speak of which -- how do you even stay in that outfit ? sally with any luck , I will not need to . patience I hardly recognize you . sally that 's the idea . I go out at night , I leave daytime Sally behind , become a different person . all woman do . except you , of course . ( continued ) 26 . continued : patience ( shrug , check she watch ) how long have we be here , a hour ? we be never get in ... a trendy couple -- call they randy and sandy -- push they way past patience , almost knock she over . Randy 's elbow get she in the gut , Sandy 's spike heel drive into she foot . patience ow ! sandy look at she blankly as patience hop , injure . patience you could say I be sorry ? randy okay , you be sorry . he and Sandy laugh as the bouncer unhook the rope , step aside for they to enter . patience God , people be so rude . sally yes ! Sally have just get the nod , hurry forward . patience follow , limping a bit . the bouncer block patience 's path , look she over from head to toe , disapprove . sally she 's with I . bouncer then you can stay out here too . sally she happen to be a very fine human be -- bouncer like I say , she do not belong inside . patience Sally , just -- go in without I -- sally see , you shoulda buy the dress . patience bolt , humiliate ; sally look after she sadly . 27 . int . bus - night patience sit alone in the back of the bus , look at -- a young couple make out ... a elderly couple hold hand . her eye drift to a ad for avenal beauty overhead -- laurel and george avenal , arm around each other . patience sigh and stare out the window . ext . patience's build - night patience walk toward she building , the bus kiosk behind she , the bus moving away . the street be desert at this hour . patience feel very alone , until she look up to see -- -- midnight , perch in she window , await she arrival . a smile appear on patience 's face . she quicken she step , crossing the empty street , almost to the sidewalk when -- -- a engine roar behind she . patience spin just as -- -- the mercede , light off , barrel out of the darkness and wham ! Hit she full - on . midnight at the window -- the cat let out a howl . angle down , the mercede have stop , patience lie a short distance behind ... in bad shape . the passenger door open . with patience , barely conscious . angel approach , study she , turn she over with he foot . he nod , a job well do . int . patience's apartment - night midnight be bounce off the wall , howling like mad , lung and scratch at the door . finally , the cat charge across the floor , launch herself in a dramatic leap and -- ext . patience's build - night slow motion as midnight launch herself at the glass -- smash ! cut to : 28 . ext . bridge / CITY skyline - night splash ! a body ( we do not get a good look ) hit dark water hard and vanish below . move up to reveal we be at a bridge over a river , CITY light in the distance . on the roadway , car door close and the mercede sedan screech away . closer on the skyline . a howl rise -- find midnight , crying from a rooftop . unseen cat join in , a feline telegraph . ext . edna' home - night the cat cry , just audible , far off . then -- a cat squeeze out a window at the gap in the sill ... more cat scramble out dormer ... yet more shoot out the flap cat door . ext . suburban street - night edna' cat scramble through alleyway , join by strays converge from all direction , pick up the chorus . it 's like a flow river of cat . ext . marshland - night on murky moonlit water -- camera move past float trash , a car tire , bottle and can . we hear the cry of the cat from nearby , approach . light of the CITY further away , the bridge visible . camera find a nylon - encase foot ... pan over a woman 's corpse , she clothes torn , soaked and muddy , strewn with river weed . the body bob amidst reed by this soggy shoreline . we reach the woman 's face -- unnaturally pale , eye fix ... it 's patience price . Dead . the howling be close now ... the cat have gather here , parting for midnight , a feline VIP . the mau step tentatively out onto patience 's corpse , careful not to get too wet . she crouch on she chest , and -- close , breathes audibly into she parte lip . a brief , barely visible glow flicker at patience 's mouth . the cat shudder , then move aside , blink as if drugge . another cat climb out onto patience to take Midnight 's place and perform the same ritual . ( continued ) 29 . continued : high angle . the crowd of cat wait in the reed , more arrive by the minute , ready to take turn . camera rocket down at patience's face , into one dead eye ... memory montage - int . patience's head dark , distorted ; quick impressionistic image overlap , perhaps cat pove ( low - angle tracking and climbing shot ) mix with human memories : Pov , a roller - coaster , patience's parent to either side -- we hear young patience's laughter and shriek . close to ground , fatso the kitten dash after a bell ball . Pov , young patience at a mirror in a Halloween cat costume . Pov , climbing a tree in a suburban backyard . we see she mom below , search for young patience . Pov , two close coffins , surround by flowers ... now we hear young patience sobbing . Pov , the black mercede rocket at camera and -- ext . marshland - night ( present ) -- patience sit up into frame with a scream . she thrashes in the shallow of the marsh , gasp for air , disorient ... reborn . there 's no sign of the cat . patience crawl onto shore amidst the reed , slightly clumsy at first , almost like a newborn kitten . her rag , wet clothes cling to she body . tight on she terrify expression . she have no idea what she 's do here -- or who , or what she be . she open she mouth to speak -- all that come out be a strangle cat cry . she work she jaw , but can not produce human speech . she dart she head , seem disorient and overwhelm . her Pov -- sound amplified , image perhaps solarized , the darkness brightened , object of interest highlighted as she take in the marshland . the eye of any creature in sight glow . we will call this catvision . ( continued ) 30 . continued : whip pan to a nearby cricket perch on a blade of grass -- then up to a owl in the distance , soar over the park . whip down to its prey , a scurry mouse . the owl swoops with a screech , nail the mouse , we hear its squeal . patience , frighten at first , become increasingly delighted by she heighten sense . she spot -- midnight in the tall grass . the cat turn , look over she shoulder once -- she eye catch moonlight and glow . patience be clearly mean to follow . patience follow midnight on all four , tenuously at first . but as she proceed , she shoulder and hip roll in distinctly feline fashion . her body seem slimmer , more muscular . she rise on two leg , move in a slinky crouch . midnight pause to sharpen she claw on the bark of a gnarled old tree . patience follow Midnight 's lead , lean forward against the trunk , arm straight out , head arched back . she stretch she neck , she back -- she every movement be graceful , sensual , the awkwardness go . she try to pull she hand from the tree -- but can not for a moment , find she finger - nail stick into the bark ( like a cat at a scratch post ) . a dog bark -- without think about it , patience scramble up the side of the tree like a streak . her Pov from tree -- a large dog tug on its owner be leash , some distance away . the dog walker yank the dog onward . patience take this in , hear a meow -- midnight be perch above she , very cheshire cat-like . patience look around , self - conscious for a moment -- what be she do up a tree ? bad idea to think . she lose she balance , clutching at branch , tumble out of the tree -- in midair for a instant , she flail spastically , let out a shriek -- then she body instinctively twist and -- patience land on all four , one leg kick out , haunch low . midnight land beside she , nod approvingly at she landing . then the cat dart away again , patience pursue . 31 . ext . suburban neighborhood - night midnight leap to the top of a fence , stare down at patience -- " come on . " patience hesitates , then crouch and spring up ( with more than human ability ) , land triumphantly on the fence -- then teeter and tumble to the other side . midnight look disappointed . patience jump up again quickly , as if pretend this never happen , this time manage to hold she balance . midnight give she a look and lead onward . at first she 's like a tightrope walker , careful of fall , but she step become more confident . soon she 's move as quickly and smoothly as the cat . midnight leap off the fence and dart across a road , patience follow . ext . public garden / zoo - night a tall wringht - iron fence surround greenery and distant cage in a urban area . a sign : " arboretum - zoo . " midnight squeeze through a gap between the upright . patience hesitates -- this be too narrow for a normal human . midnight wait impatiently on the other side , tail twitching . patience make a dubious SOUND , but manage to slip a foot -- then a leg -- into the open , twist and contort . amazingly , she 's succeed , she torso ripple and contract as she insinuate herself between the bar . finally only she head be on the wrong side . with a final tug , she 's through . midnight crouch low , stalking . patience copy the behavior . midnight slowly approach -- a moth , flutter near a flower in this botanical garden . midnight sneak up close , then pounce , but the moth fly out of the cat 's grasp . patience giggle , midnight turn on she and hiss . the woman and the cat roll together in this neat botanical garden , play and bat at each other . camera move to a small sign nearby , which label this plant as " catnip . " midnight hurtle a concrete moat , patience follow , still high , giggly . she suddenly find herself face to face with : a bengal TIGER . he let out a small roar . ( continued ) 32 . continued : patience blink , crouch -- and roar back , unafraid . the tiger spring forward ... and lick her . she wrestle with he playfully , he 's just a bigger version of Midnight . dissolve to : int . edna' home - bedroom - morning edna power sleep in bed . midnight climb atop she , start knead . she make a noise , roll over , open she eye . edna Midnight ? what be you do here ? she squint , see morning light through a window . she climb out of bed in she nightdress . ext . edna' home - day edna emerge in a bathrobe , crossing she overgrown lawn , midnight bound ahead of she . a martha stewarty neighbor , weed a immaculate garden , throw edna a sour look . neighbor edna , you cat have be use my garden as a litter box again . edna ( gravely ) you can not change they nature . the neighbor scowl and return to she weed . as edna bend down for she newspaper , she hear a meow and see -- -- Midnight lick a hand , which protrude from under a bush . edna gasp , move closer , crouching to get a better look . it 's patience , sound asleep , body twisted sideways in a unnatural position . quietly : edna hello ...? patience start awake , look around , confuse . ( continued ) 33 . continued : edna what be you do in my hedge ? patience roll out from under the bush , crouch on she haunch now , a panicky look in she eye . leave and dirt cling to she clothes . she have no idea how she get here . int . edna' home - live room - day patience be wrap in a blanket , sit on the couch , midnight nuzzling she , as edna bring she a cup of tea . edna pick up a clipboard from a coffee table . edna you name be patience price , you live on South 87th . ( beat ) you love chocolate -- you be afraid of height ? any of this ring a bell ? patience nod slowly , put she face in she hand . patience I ... it 's come back to I . but last night ... it 's just ... it 's like a dream . edna ( chide ) you say in you application that you do not drink or take drug . patience ( rise ) I do not . I think ... something must have happen . I need to ... edna you need to rest . patience take a few step from the couch and let the blanket slip from she shoulder . edna oh my God ... edna stare at patience's back . the fabric of she dress be tear , the skin discolor beneath with a hint of dry blood -- and we make out the mark leave by a tire tread . ( continued ) 34 . continued : edna you be in no condition to -- edna move beside patience and grab her by the wrist -- on patience's hand , the finger curl and five sharp cat claw ( spfx ) emerge from she fingertip -- only for a instant . edna blink at this , patience whirl on she with a abrupt and frightening hiss -- close , patience 's pupil become elliptical for a blink , fleck with gold , then -- she yank she hand away quickly , immediately look contrite , and a bit daze from the momentary transformation . patience sorry , you -- you startle I ... look , edna , thanks for everything , but -- I just want to get home and take a bath . edna nod , unnerve . patience pick midnight up in she arm and hurry out the door . edna stare after she , a disturbing think form . int . edna' home - office - day edna move purposefully to a file cabinet in this cluttere , book -line room and open a drawer . she thumb past many year ' worth of scholarly research , finally pull a thick , dog - ear manila file from near the back . she move to she desk , slip on read glass and open the folder -- angle on file -- a old , thick type - write scholarly paper entitle " MYTHS of feligyny , by E. power ph.d . " she put this aside , revealing a woodcut of a african catwoman in leopard skin , surround by cat . next , a asian catwoman , a print of a 19th century watercolor . she wear a chinese - style mask , close - fitting robe , a long tail . both illustration show the woman with claw and elliptical pupil . dissolve to : int . patience's apartment - bathroom - day patience stare at she dirty face in the mirror , still reeling from the event of the previous night . ( continued ) 35 . continued : behind she , the bathtub run , almost fill . she move to the edge of the tub , start to undo she rag clothes , stare down at -- the rippling water . she blink , she expression far away -- flashback - int . patience's head a vertiginous plunge from the bridge toward dark water -- int . patience's apartment - bathroom - day ( present ) patience start , shaking off this momentary vision . she dip a finger in the water , jerk back -- much as a cat might . she shake drop off she hand , repell by the water . int . patience's apartment - day there 's knocking at the door . the phone be ringing , a machine pick up . we hear running water from beyond the close bathroom door . patience ( v.o. ) this be patience , you can leave a message if you want ... beep . int . patience's apartment - bathroom - day patience turn off the tap , in the quiet she hear edna' voice on she answer machine . edna ( v.o. ) it 's edna power -- the most extraordinary thing , I -- I think I know what 's happen to you -- patience have rise with a shiver , hurry back into the main room , pull she blouse close . int . patience's apartment - day patience move for the phone , but freeze at the sight of -- ( continued ) 36 . continued : -- the doorknob rattling , someone try to get in . edna ( v.o. ) -- be careful , patience , I be afraid you may be in danger ... midnight let out a menace growl . the knob turn , the door swing open -- a man start to enter clang ! patience whacks he over the head with a frying pan . the man be knock hard into the door and slump to the ground , stunne ... it 's tom lone . patience recognize he with horror , look at the door -- patience's keys with the " hello kitty " emblem dangle from the lock , she purse be on the ground . patience I be so , so sorry -- tom lone groan , painfully come to and sit up . patience crouch at he side . lone you actually hit I with a fry pan ? patience I do not know it be you . lone guess we be even now . name 's Tom Lone , by the way . patience ( shake he hand ) patience price . lone yeah , I know , I check you id . patience oh God , not that awful driver 's license picture -- lone ( rub he head ) get any ice ? ( continued ) 37 . continued : patience hurry to assemble a ice pack , midnight be eat happily at the table , lone get to he foot . lone I find you purse in the street right outside this morning . I try call -- I be afraid something might have happen to you ... patience return with a washcloth full of ice . patience that be really nice of you . lone well , it 's part of my job ... I be a detective , burglary - robbery division . so what do happen to you ? he apply the ice- pack to he head while eying she clothes . she suddenly become aware of she dishevel appearance . patience oh no , I be amess . it seem every time you see I I -- I be just clean . ( this be not fly ) the um , the chimney . lone where 's the fireplace ? patience it be not mine . lone you be a freelance chimney sweep ? lone be now look around the apartment , take it all in with a careful detective 's eye . he see the shred photograph , the broken window , point -- lone you should get that fix . patience oh yeah , I have not notice ... I mean , I have to break it to get in because ... I lose my purse . ( continued ) 38 . continued : lone ( study the windowsill ) funny , look like it be break from inside . Lone be now regard she with open curiosity . patience shrug helplessly . lone so everything 's all right now ? ( off she nod ) well , I would better be get to the station , then ... unless there 's anything else . lone hope so , patience desperately want he to stay ... but patience I guess not ... lone then -- bye , now . he sound disappointed . as the door shut , patience clutches she hair , make a SOUND of frustration , almost like a meow . int . patience's build - hallway - day patience fling open the door , call after Lone : patience I want you ... he turn , startle . patience have a sultry , come-hither look in she eye , she voice have a lower , sexier tone . lone Excuse I ? she shudder . the sexy expression turn to one of shock and anxiety -- what have she do ? then , vamp : patience I want you , um , to forgive I . for hit you like that . lone no need -- woman live alone , you can not take any chance . ( continued ) 39 . continued : patience nod unsurely , start to retreat into the apartment . lone think , call out to she . lone listen , I be gonna grab a cup of coffee ... CUT to : int . coffee shop - day lone and patience move from a counter with coffee cup in hand . patience have clean up , dress a little sexier than usual -- she look good . patience so , do you always want to be a policeman ? ( beat , roll she eye ) God , listen to I , conversation 101 . lone ( a laugh ) hey , we gotta start somewhere . actually , when I be a kid , I want to be a rock star . they take seat at a small table . lone I be kind of a delinquent back then , get into some trouble . there be a cop who help I out . make a difference . I figure ... maybe I could do the same . patience plus you can still get into trouble . lone right , but for the good guy ... so what do you do ? when you be not dumpster diving or clean chimney , I mean . patience account . that be , I use to , I just lose my job . lone I be sorry . ( continued ) 40 . continued : patience do not be , it be pretty dull . I guess when you get down to it , I be pretty dull . patience realize she 's not make for a great first date . patience let I start over . it 's just ... I never get into any trouble or anything -- lone come on , never ? patience well , when I be little , but -- after I lose my folk I ... I guess I turn into sort of a scaredy - can -- um , pretty risk -averse . lone that 's not a bad thing . it 's a pretty dangerous world . patience sometimes I just wish I be less of a wimp . lone you be not afraid to admit you be afraid -- that take gut . patience it do ? lone most woman I know pretend to be tougher than they really be . ( beat ) listen ... if you ever need someone -- to look out for you , keep a eye on -- ( change tack ) -- or whatever -- I be available . he pull a card from he wallet , pass it to she . patience wow . ( continued ) 41 . continued : lone ( catch himself ) oh hey , I do not mean that to sound like a come - on patience ( disappointed ) oh. lone I mean , unless you ... ( rise ) I be just go to shut up now and go . patience see you around . lone yeah , you will . he give she a wave and head out of the coffee shop . a broad smile spread over patience 's face . cut to : ext . avenal factory - day laurel' smiling face on a billboard . it 's only there for a moment , quickly plaster over with -- a new billboard feature drina' face . we be outside a dramatic , gated industrial complex , truck with the avenal logo , a sprawling chemical factory at the center . int . avenal factory - george ' office - day huge vat , duct , pipe , etc. , it 's a busy , very noisy environment . camera find george ' office , large window overlook the factory floor . inside , behind the thick window , it 's silent . this be a hard , masculine space , all steel and wood . george stand by a table , wesley and angel at he side ; ivan nevski , 5as , a smolder Russian scientist , be show they medical photo of people 's face , the eye cover with black bar -- the skin be blotched , lumpy , something very wrong . ( continued ) 42 . continued : george flip through this quickly , he tone frustrated . george okay , with too much yp - 3 you get side - effect -- but too much of anything be bad for you -- tap water , sunshine , cigarettes -- angel it 's like leprosy or something ... george the point be , now that we have adjust the formula , beaunique work . plump the skin , remove wrinkle , leave a nice rosy glow -- it 's perfectly safe now , my own wife use it ... his voice trail off as he consider this fact . he glance at the medical picture , put they aside . airy denial : george you want to be beautiful , you have get to make certain sacrifice . I mean , look at botox , woman be lining up to get they face paralyze . nevski have be do a slow burn , now blurt out : nevski enough ! pretend my yp - 3 be only for you cosmetics , feh ! you have know about this " side - effect " from the start , they be not side - effect at all -- george what ? you be not make sense -- nevski I think I would leave this sort of madness behind I - - then I find out you have be in contact with xavier bartok -- george I have never hear of the man . ( continued ) 43 . continued : nevski I still have connection . you May have use I , but I be not a fool . george Doctor nevski , be it possible you have go insane ? nevski spin on he heel and storm out . angel Russians , sheesh . george as if I do not have enough on my mind . george move to a nearby shredder . he start feed in the medical photo . george change be go to have to be make ... and change can be painful . he glance at a magazine ad lie on he desk . george it be not easy to eliminate a establish brand ... finish shredd the medical photo , he pick up the ad -- it 's a ad for beaunique , feature laurel' face . wesley Sir , be you seriously think of recalling beaunique --? george I be not talk about beaunique . he slip the ad into the shredder . close -- as the machine turn the ad into confetti , we hear the voice of laurel avenal over : laurel ( v.o. ) a famous poet once say , beauty be truth , truth beauty ... cut to : 44 , ext . urban park - day a homeless camp -- tent , box , etc . -- nearby . bag lady stand in a line near make - up stool , avenal girl be busy painting they face , do they best . laurel ( 0.s. ) ... or maybe it 's the other way around ... find laurel avenal at a table with a banner : " avenal care . " video cameras be train on she as she sign poster , perfume box , etc. while talk into a mic . laurel the point be , everyone deserve to look in the mirror and feel good about themselves . be we rich or poor , we all must strive to be more beautiful than we can be ... a process server in a suit with a briefcase reach Laurel , place a stack of papers in front of she . she start to sign automatically , then stop , turn off the mic . laurel what be this ? process server Laurel avenal , I be hereby serve you with a restrain order . laurel what ? process server you be not to set foot within one hundred yard of any property own or occupy by avenal beauty Corporation or any of its subsidiary or affiliate . laurel I -- this must be some sort of mistake -- process server you will , however , have sixty day to remain in residence at the avenal estate , at the end of which time you and all you personal property must be -- ( continued ) 45 . continued : laurel ( a desperate cry ) Georges avenal be my husband ! the man pull another document from he briefcase . process server that bring I to this petition for divorce ... laurel look shell - shocked . a camera flash . she turn and manage to force a stiff , tremble smile for the photographer . camera flash again , whiting out the frame -- Iris down to : int . patience's apartment - night patience's sleeping face . she stir , stretch . wider , she 's lie on top of a bookcase in a twisted , awkward position . midnight jump up and brushes against she . close on patience's eye -- they fly OPEN , gold -flecked and ( for a moment ) elliptical . patience -- now pure catwoman -- spring down gracefully and scan the dark apartment . she stretch she limb languorously , lick she lip . she flexe she finger , watch appreciatively as she claw emerge . she reach out and spear lone's card on a fingernail , regards it as she pick up the receiver . with another claw she unhesitatingly punch in the number . when she speak , after a beat , she voice be throaty , sexier -- whenever she 's catwoman , she will talk this way . during the follow , she toy with the long phone cord like a cat . patience / catwoman ( on phone ) mmm , too bad you be not there ... guess I will have to go out and play by myself . she toss the receiver aside and prowl the room , move casually atop the back of the couch , from there to other piece of furniture and the counter , hop down to the floor . she study the place as if see it for the first time . ( continued ) 46 . continued : patience / catwoman what a dump . patience pluck at the clothing she wear , frown . she open a dresser drawer and paw through the content , like a cat digging in a litterbox , shredd the clothes . patience / catwoman ugh -- please -- frowsy -- she move to a closet , throw open the door , rifling through the outfit , ripping they to bit , hurl they aside . patience / catwoman damn , I have not get a thing to wear ! true -- she 's emptied and trash the closet , slam the door . CUT to : ext . shopping district - night multiple alarm ring . quick cut of storefront , window smashed -- the shoe store , the lingerie store , the western wear shop , the trendy boutique . the mannequin that have display the gaultier knock - off be now naked . CUT to : ext . trendy club - night throng out front behind the velvet rope . all eye turn toward a approach figure whom we do not see at first ... low angle -- a sleek pair of black patent leather boot appear . a purring rendition of a familiar child 's tune : catwoman and the cat come back , the very next day ... move up slowly to reveal the rest of the ensemble -- long leg in black tights , the short skirt and bodice top of the dress . a whip be wrap around she waist , the tip dangle almost like a tail . her stride be confident , sexy . ( continued ) 47 . continued : catwoman the cat come back , they think she be a goner ... her arm be encase in long , satiny black glove . a half mask with eyehole and subtle cat 's ear cover the top half of she face , she hair fall free like a mane behind . catwoman but the cat come back , she just would not stay awa - a-ay ... catwoman -- the former patience price -- come to a stop in front of the slack - jaw bouncer . catwoman what 's the word I be look for ? oh yes ... meow . so say , she stroke a finger under the bouncer 's chin -- close , the claw emerge from a slit in the glove 's fingertip , but do not draw blood . the bouncer recover himself , unhook the rope and step aside . catwoman stride past he into the club . int . trendy club - night Dramatic DECOR , throbbing music , dancing trendies . catwoman move confidently through the club . patron can not help but stare , get out of she path as she cross the room . randy and sandy , the rude couple , be belly up to the bar . catwoman slither between they , almost unnotice at first . randy start as something flick against he back -- catwoman hold the end of she whip / tail , smack it lightly against he rear end . he look up at she . catwoman buy I a drink . sandy stare dagger at catwoman with she drool boyfriend , but catwoman ignore she , lean close to the attentive bartender and almost whisper : ( continued ) 48 . continued : catwoman White Russian , no ice , hold the vodka and kahlua . the man blink , retreat to fill the order . sandy tap catwoman on the shoulder as she make eye at Randy . sandy Excuse I . Excuse I , earth to slut -- he 's take . without look at she , catwoman cough discreetly into she hand , then drop something in sandy be martini glass -- splash . close -- a furball in the woman 's drink . sandy back away , make a horrify noise . sandy euw ! the bartender produce a shot -glass full of cream . bartender cream , straight up . catwoman knock this back , lick white residue from she lip . catwoman let 's dance . she grab randy by the lapel and drag he toward the dance floor -- not that he need a lot of encouragement . catwoman shove the man onto the dance floor ahead of she . she begin to writhe sensuously to the music , instantly the center of attention . catwoman 's distinctive movement combine catlike grace with acrobatics and martial art . randy do he best to keep up . he move near , put he hand on she ass . she hiss : catwoman do not touch my tail . catwoman pull she whip from around she waist , flick it in the air -- Randy back off . but catwoman swing the whip so that the braid leather wrap repeatedly around he torso . ( continued ) 49 , continued : she pull he against she , clutches he butt -- then push he away , spin he out on the whip like a top -- he trouser have be shredd , the belt slice . his pants drop to he ankle , he stumble back in he loud bikini underwear , lose he balance and fall . the crowd react , laughter . bouncer that 's enough for one night , honey . he lunge at she from behind , but she drop down and slither out of he grasp -- it 's like she 's vanish into thin air -- then catwoman rise behind he , plant a foot in he ass -- -- and boot he into the dj station -- crash ! music stop . more club goons appear from the back , approach angrily . catwoman guess the party 's over . catwoman spring upward , atop a bank of speaker . she move with incredible agility , near the roof of the club , from the speaker to a light rig -- she leap and grab a mirror ball , which swing and deposit she close to the door . ext . trendy club - night catwoman hurl open the front door , kick aside the velvet rope . she address the impatient crowd : catwoman c'mon in , wanna - bes ! free drink ! the crowd stampede the door . catwoman strut away down the sidewalk , recoil the whip around she waist . a couple of club goons make it past the throng . catwoman , move onto a highway overpass , note she 's be pursue . she put a hand on the railing , and casually vault over -- the goons rush to the side , look out to see -- ext . highway - night catwoman strutting confidently down the narrow guardrail between the two direction of speed traffic . ( continued ) 50 . continued : she could be out for a evening stroll , ignore the screeching brake , horn , and startled driver . she give they a wave without bother to look over she shoulder . ext . tenement rooftop - night a chicken - wire door explode open and a flock of pigeon rocket out of a coop at camera . catwoman emerge in a cloud of feather , brush a few stray one off she outfit , with a cat- that - eat - the-canary smile . she cock she head , listen in different direction for a new source of amusement -- snippet of voice , music , plumbing sfx , pass vehicle ... it 's like tuning a radio . then she pick up a distant tinkle of break glass -- int . jewelry store - night dimly light , a older , discount place . thief # 1 methodically break display case with a wrap hammer , snatch up the content -- necklace , ring , etc . -- stuff they into a bag . as he move , a shadowy figure -- catwoman -- move with he , look over he shoulder , close enough to touch but unseen . each time he turn he head , she have just slink out of he view -- she timing be impeccable . thief # 2 , with a shotgun , stand guard over a blindfolded , bound - and - gag night watchman . catwoman appear on the periphery of he vision , but when he turn he head she 's disappear behind a case -- she emerge on the other side just before he turn back . thief # 3 be at work on a locked steel case of drawer with a blowtorch and tool . catwoman step lightly across the case above he , he look up -- but there 's nobody there . he return to he work , get the case open and pull out a drawer revealing a rack full of glitter diamond . catwoman ( 0.s. ) oooh , pretty . the three thieve spin , look around -- thief # 1 up there ! ( continued ) 51 . continued : thief # 2 aim he shotgun at -- catwoman , perch on a narrow ledge at the ceiling mould . she vault down just as he fire , a spray of plaster . thief # 2 pump he shotgun , look around frantically . thief # 2 what the hell be that ?! catwoman spring out from behind a display case , give thief # 2 a roundhouse kick in the head that send the man into a wall , knock he cold . thief # 1 pull a handgun , but the end of the whip wrap around it in a flash , yank it from he hand . catwoman snap her whip at thief # 1 and thief # 3 , back they into a corner . as she pass the tie - up guard , she use she claw to slash he rope . in time with whip crack catwoman you boy -- think you could just barge -- in here and take -- all this beautiful thing -- that do not belong to you ... the guard quickly tear off he gag and blindfold , untying he own foot , then pick up the fall handgun and train it on the thief . we hear police siren approaching . catwoman meanwhile swiftly gather up fall jewel , sweeping they into the swag bag . she pause for a moment , thoughtful . catwoman ( to herself ) what a lovely idea . with lightning speed , she vanish out the back with the bag . the guard , totally focus on the thief , do not even register she 's go . thief # 3 point -- thief # 3 hey ... ext . jewelry store alley - night catwoman bound out the exit , leap atop box , onto a window a/c unit , which totter with she weight , just as -- ( continued ) 52 . continued : a unmarked sedan screech to a halt , and tom lone leap out , gun ready . he train it on catwoman -- lone freeze ! catwoman freeze . she blink down at lone , he 's get a clean shot at she . she cock she head , lick she lip . catwoman you be cute . lone blink at this uncommon response to a point weapon , continue to play it by the book . lone I be a police officer ! catwoman Bet you look sweet in uniform . and such a big gun ... lone I , I -- come down here , now ! catwoman obviously you do not know much about cat . I come when I want , not when I be tell . with that , she spring to the rooftop -- the force of she leap knock the a/c free of the window , lone have to dive out of the way as it crash to the ground . ext . rooftop / CITY street - night catwoman , silhouett against the sky , be have a great time , leaping from building to building , scramble across rooftop . police siren recede in the distance . dissolve to : ext . zoo - dawn the SUN be rise . pan over a couple of glittering jewel in the dirt . find catwoman in the golden morning light , curl against what look like a TIGER - skin pillow . she stir and groan in she sleep , like someone waking with a hangover . ( continued ) 53 . continued : she blink and frown at the sunlight . where be I ? she sit up and realize -- she be sleep against the belly of the bengal TIGER , lie on he side in he sink enclosure . catwoman shriek and leap to she foot , terrify , yank off her mask . with the daylight , she 's back to be plain old patience . she look down in shock at she revealing outfit ; the swag bag be looped into the whip around she waist . she 's awaken the TIGER . patience let out another frighten cry as he eye she , no longer recognize she as a friend . the tiger growls , get to he foot menacingly , start move in for the kill . patience scramble for a heavily latched door , which she frantically wrestle to open , get through and slamming it just as the TIGER lunge -- CUT to : int . edna' home - kitchen - day a kitten pounce on a cat toy . patience -- but this time , it be like the tiger want to kill I ... move to find patience , seat at edna 's kitchen table , finish she tale . she 's in tight - fitting jeans , ripped along the side , a cut - off top revealing she midriff . Safety pin hold the outfit together , but it look good on she . edna be pull out teacup , a teakettle on the burner . edna you be afraid -- you become its prey . the tiger shred you clothes ? patience no , I do that myself . I mean , I remember do it , but it be not really -- you know -- I . God , I do not understand what 's happen . edna I be not sure how to put this -- it may be hard for you to accept -- but I be something of a expert in this matter -- ( continued ) 54 . continued : patience what matter ? edna vampirism , lycanthropy ... feligyny . patience ( lose ) um ... edna fele , Latin for cat . gynos , Greek for female . I be a professor of folklore and mythology -- that be , I use to be , until I be deny tenure . they say my work be frivolous , but it be a all - male department , and -- well , it 's a long , sordid story patience edna , please . can we talk about I ? edna oh , yes . the other night ... I think you may have ... have a accident . a very serious accident . fatal . patience ( as if to a child ) but -- I be not dead . edna not anymore , dear . after you die , you be reborn . as a catwoman . a dramatic whistle . edna take the teakettle off the stove . edna mint or chamomile ? patience be beyond speech -- what edna just say be impossible , and yet make sense to she . int . edna' home - office - day pan over print - out , paper , open book . a hieroglyphic of a figure half - feline , half - female in a heavy tome . ( continued ) 55 . continued : edna the cult of catwomen date back to ancient Egypt , where feline be first domesticate . a SMALL cat suddenly leap into frame , stare up at camera . edna , in she read glass , and patience be seat before the research material spread on she desk , cup of tea before they . edna patiently remove the cat . edna Excuse I , cicero . on paper -- a drawing of the temple of bast . edna the temple of the catgod , bast . a Persian army destroy it in the fifth century BC . edna 's tone be sad , as if this memory be fresh and painful . edna legend have it that the priestess become the first catwomen . the cat they would worshipped -- Midnight 's ancestor -- each give up one of its nine life to bring they back from the dead . on a book , image of medieval witch with they cat . edna in the middle age , cat and catwomen be regard as evil . nonsense , of course , witch be just single , independent woman who break society 's rule . edna pass patience -- a black and white print - out of a blurry surveillance shot of selena kyle , as see in " batman returns . " edna there be report of a catwoman a while back on the East Coast -- like many , she turn to a life of crime -- but apparently she 's disappear or die . ( continued ) 56 . continued : patience study the photo . patience how many have there be ? edna no one can be sure . I have find reference scattered through history , but catwomen tend to lead solitary , secretive life . hard to blame they , it seem most be murder victim . patience have hear enough . she rise , freak out . patience I be murder ? why would anybody kill I ? no , I never do anything to ... I do not want to break the rule ! she move out of the room , edna follow . int . edna' home - live room - day patience pace , edna look on sympathetically . patience she 's like some demon , possess I in the night , but -- but I can keep it under control during the day -- edna well , cat do sleep most of the day -- patience when she take over -- it 's like , she just do whatever she feel like , she do not care what people think -- edna be that so bad ? patience you do not understand -- I be afraid she 's go to hurt someone -- or get I kill . again . patience be near tear . edna put she arm around she . ( continued ) 57 . continued : patience there 's get to be a way to make it stop . some kind of , I do not know , garlic or wolfsbane or something ... edna ( think ) a domestic cat can return to its natural state effortlessly . but once a cat 's go feral , it can never be tame . patience okay ... that be not help . edna pull back , look patience in the eye . edna relax a little , learn to live with you inner cat . even love she -- she have many admirable quality -- integrate she into you life . if you accept the darker impulse , try to channel they -- maybe she will come to be domesticate -- patience no . I be go to fight she . I be stronger than she be -- edna but you be only fight yourself -- patience -- and I be go to win . patience head out the door . edna shake she head ; patience be not get it . ext . jewelry store - day police tape across the entrance to the storefront . patience approach warily , look around to make sure no one 's watch , nervous as hell . she see a elderly jeweler and a uniform cop through the window . patience withdraw a paper bag from under she coat . she drop this beyond the police tape , knock on the door and run . the jeweler come out , look down on the ground . he pick up the bag -- and see the word " sorry ! " write on the paper . open the bag , he find -- the diamond and jewel that catwoman steal . 58 . ext . patience's build - alley - day patience come out of a back door of she building with a garbage bag , still look around nervously , move toward the dumpster in the alley . she toss in the bag -- angle in dumpster , the bag spill open to reveal piece of the catwoman outfit . patience move back for the door -- lone ( 0.s. ) we have get to stop meeting like this . she spin to see tom lone approach from he sedan , park in a lot off the alley . patience be wary of he now , but he seem casual , smile . she glance at the dumpster anxiously , he follow she sight - line , snooping as always . lone do some spring clean ? patience empty the catbox , actually . lone quickly take a step back from the dumpster . lone so -- that be a ... surprising message you leave for I . patience ( embarrassed ) oh , well , uh -- musta be my cold medication talk . she sniffles and cough unconvincingly . lone well anyway , if you still want to get together -- maybe we could get a bite to eat Friday night ? patience pretend to think it over . patience yeah , maybe ... int . patience's apartment - day patience dance with midnight , overcome with joy . she hold the cat at arm 's length , sing a tune of she own make : ( continued ) 59 . continued : patience Tom Lone , Tom Lone , I call he on the phone -- now I will not be alone -- the cat be not enjoy this , squeal and squirm free . patience 's smile fade a tick . patience it be catwoman who make the call . what 's he ever gonna see in I ? midnight have turn he butt to she , tail twitching angrily . patience glance out the window to glimpse -- lone , who 's just enter he apartment . patience quickly close the blind . cut to : int . avenal hq - showroom - day the door open and patience enter . she keep she head down , not want to be notice . sally spot she , follow she through the showroom toward the elevator . sally patience , what be you do here ? patience just come by to clean out my desk . sally ( study she ) hm. do you dye -- patience ( alarmed ) what ? sally -- you hair . you look different somehow . cooler . patience shake she head , uneasy . sally be you go to the funeral ? ( peer at she ) I know , tinted contact . ( continued ) 60 . continued : patience ( shake she head ) what funeral ? sally you do not know ? Dave berger , you boss -- he whole place blow up , gas explosion , the night you get fire . patience ( reeling ) oh my God . sally yeah , life 's short , huh . ( snap she finger ) the hottie neighbor ! that glow , you be get some , be not you ? patience reach the door to the elevator , wave Sally off and vanish . Sally grin , figure she 's get it right . int . avenal hq - accounting bullpen - day a garfield toy land atop xeroxed cartoon and personal paper in a cardboard BOX . patience be clean out she cubicle in the office . notice a flash light on she phone , she hit a message button and pick up the receiver . berger ( v.o. ) ( filter ) patience , it 's Dave ... she wince at this voice from the grave , cast a sad glance toward he empty office . berger ( v.o. ) I call the ceo about you yp - 3 number -- avenal go ballistic . I will have to redo the spreadsheet , you must have screw up somewhere . patience ( a whisper ) like hell . computer voice ( v.o. ) end of final message . ( continued ) 61 . continued : patience absorb this a moment , then sit down and turn on she computer with a ping . on patience's computer screen -- the word , " yp-3 project , " text and the name of a few people in charge . patience lean forward , read quickly , quietly to herself . patience ' Miracle ingredient in beaunique ... just a drop make wrinkle vanish , blah blah blah ... ' but what be it ? patience type away , focus on the screen , find something . we see the name ivan nevski . patience Dr. Ivan nevski , in charge of development . ( type ) j huh , not in the company directory . quick cut as she type the name into a global search BOX , reach a head shot of nevski , a site in cyrillic lettering . she find a translation link . as the lettering change to english , we go close on key phrase : " soviet defense , " '' secret research , " " chemical weapon , " " bacterial warfare . " patience sit back , baffle and disturb . dissolve to : int . patience's apartment - evening patience be sit up in bed , read a biochemistry text , print-outs and research material around she . she yawns , squirm -- something be come over she . her eye pop open . patience no . oh no , not again . spasm wrack she body , she back arch , she keep fight it , clenching she fist , struggle for control . on her hand , she own claw be draw blood from she palm . 62 . ext . patience's build - alley - night a glove hand grip the edge of the dumpster -- then catwoman vault over the side , land on she haunch , ready to rumble . her outfit have a banana peel stick to it . she wrinkle she nose , pluck this off , clucking she tongue . she turn to midnight , prowling nearby . catwoman that girl have get to go . she glance up toward Lone 's window -- let out a sexy growl -- and spring up the fire escape . int . lone's apartment - night catwoman scratch at the window ... the place be dark , no response . she punch out a pane of glass and slither in . catwoman Boy , you do not know what you be miss ... she move through the dimly light , spartan environment , able to see easily in the dark . she run a claw over the string of a guitar , find a discard button - down shirt , slip it on . she narrow she eye when she find a framed photo -- close -- tom lone with he arm around a pretty girl . letting out a growl , catwoman slashes out the girl 's face . in the bathroom , she open the medicine chest , pick up man 's toiletry . find a bottle of cologne , she spray it in the air and sniff , then make a face , look at the bottle close on bottle -- " machismo ... by avenal . " catwoman avenal ... move in on catwoman' face . int . catwoman' head ( memory montage ) impressionistic Pov flashbacks , v.o.s overlap , echoing , repeat ... all snippet of previously hear dialogue . Pov -- george avenal , chew patience out in the elevator . ( continued ) 63 . continued : edna ( v.o. ) most catwomen be murder victim ... patience ( v.o. ) I be murder ? Pov -- the mercede coming at camera . this time we follow through on the moment of impact -- camera fly through the AIR , hitting the ground hard . patience ( v.o. ) why would anybody kill I ? berger ( v.o . ) ... yp - 3... yp - 3... Pov -- from patience , lie on the street . her blurring vision drift toward the mercede , a silhouetted figure behind the wheel , see from behind . berger ( v.o. ) avenal go ballistic ... Pov -- angel come out of the car , loom over patience . george ( v.o. ) I have no choice . Pov -- george on the elevator , stare into camera . angel be right behind he , look menace as usual . george you have get to go . int . lone's apartment - night smash ! catwoman throw the cologne bottle against the wall . CUT to : ext . avenal mansion - night a sprawling mansion , dark for the night , a " a " in iron scroll - work over the gate . find a security camera , train on the area in front of a ten-foot wall . midnight suddenly leap onto the wall , block and bat at the camera lens . wider , catwoman , now out of the camera 's view , leap up the side of the wall and land on all four atop it . ( continued ) 64 . continued : at the side of the mansion -- catwoman scramble up a trellis toward a second -story window . she leap to the ledge , crouch , peer in . close as a razor - sharp claw emerge and cut a circle into a pane of glass . int . avenal mansion - hallway - night the circle of glass pop out and land on soft carpet . catwoman reach she arm in , unlatch the window , and swing inside into the darkness . catwoman move stealthily , crouching , sense alert . her Pov - catvision the dark hallway glow . a amplify noise from a distance ... snoring . on catwoman' hand her nail emerge from she glove fingertip , ready to rumble . catwoman round a corner toward a large formal staircase that wrap around a huge chandelier . she near a door which be slightly ajar , push it open silently and enter -- int . avenal mansion - bedroom - night her Pov -- catvision , near a huge , curtain canopy bed . catwoman slashes the curtain aside , to reveal -- tippy the lap dog , curl up in the center of the otherwise unoccupy bed , snoring away . the dog awaken , raise its head , and start barking furiously . catwoman hiss at the creature . it cringe and shiver , seek cover beneath a pillow . int . avenal mansion - hallway & foyer - night as catwoman come out of the bedroom , a figure emerge from the darkness swinging a golf club -- wham ! ( continued ) 65 . continued : she 's strike hard in the back and the head -- she topple forward , roll down the stair . she hit a landing , curl up , daze , clutching she skull . light come on -- laurel look down at she from the top of the stair , wear silk pajamas , golf club in hand . she descend cautiously , club raise . laurel tentatively poke at the prone , black - clad catwoman with she foot . catwoman instantly spring up . as Laurel start to bring the club down , catwoman grab it and yank it away , hurl it into the foyer below , then grab laurel and slam she against the wall . Laurel seem utterly terrify - laurel oh God , please -- please do not hurt I ! catwoman study the frighten woman , ease she grip . Laurel drop the act , and with a martial art shriek drive a knee and a fist into catwoman in rapid succession -- catwoman fly over the banister , grab a hold of the chandelier . it swing in the open foyer -- the chain creak ominously , start to rip from the ceiling -- catwoman snap the whip around a upper balustrade , just as - the chandelier rip loose from the ceiling . as it crash to the ground , catwoman swing back at laurel and -- kick her in the chest . laurel go down hard on the stair . catwoman stand over she . laurel look up at she , outrage . the two woman be of similar size and shape , well - match . laurel that be venetian crystal , you bitch -- laurel launch a karate kick at she , catwoman deflect it , land a blow of she own . catwoman a bitch be a dog . ( continued ) 66 . continued : the two engage in martial art combat , move down the stair into the marble foyer . they exchange line between blows : catwoman you be tougher than you look . laurel take class when I be modeling in Hong Kong . ( land a good one , then : ) damn it , I break a nail . she 's a skilled fighter , but catwoman be faster , more nimble , able to avoid she attack . Laurel suddenly pause , look wind , ready to give up the fight . catwoman have enough ? laurel ( nod , eying she outfit ) be that a gaultier ? catwoman look down at she clothes , give Laurel the chance to grab a vase of flowers , which she hurl at she -- it shatter , soaking catwoman . she shake off water . catwoman I hate water . suddenly enraged , she lunge toward laurel , who hit the ground -- but catwoman spring over she head , up to the landing where the lapdog yap . she snatch it up by its collar , bare she claw near its face . the dog shut up , petrify . laurel no , please -- not tippy ! catwoman where 's you husband ? a beat as Laurel take this in . she let out a little laugh . laurel Georges ? why do not you say you want he in the first place ? ( continued ) 67 . continued : catwoman slowly put the dog down , it scamper upstairs . laurel you one of he girlfriend ? catwoman spring back down , shove Laurel against a wall , flex she claw . catwoman I do not belong to anybody . laurel not my face , not my face ! catwoman if I can not get to Georges , I can at least scratch up something he love -- laurel Georges do not love I ! I do not know if he ever do -- catwoman how sad . I would cry if I care . laurel he never take I seriously , I be just a , a trophy . and now he 's bored , he find himself a new toy -- catwoman I have hear this story before . where be he ? laurel ( think frantically ) he never come home anymore -- I , I know he 's get a box for the ballet Friday night -- catwoman I can not wait that long . I want he now . laurel I swear I do not know where he be , he 's leave I ! oh God , my career be in the toilet , my whole life be over -- go ahead , tear I to piece -- ( continued ) 68 . continued : laurel be beginning to get hysterical . catwoman let out a frustrated growl and let go of she , this be useless . she start for the door , Laurel sniff back tear then follow . laurel wait ... try the factory . I think that 's where he meet drano , he new mistress . catwoman I will check it out . laurel what do you want with he , anyway ? catwoman it 's personal . laurel be you go to kill he ? catwoman depend on my mood . laurel I will pay you to kill he . catwoman ( surprised , impressed ) and here I think you be just some brain - dead mannequin -- laurel I will even give you a lift , if you will let I watch - catwoman sorry , I work alone . but I like you attitude . catwoman disappear into the night . laurel look after she admiringly . cut to : int . avenal factory - george ' office - night mood music play , george be on the sofa , in a silk robe , beside drina . drink be on hand , Georges be attempt to neck with she . she pay he no mind , a remote in hand , rewind a video that play on a plasma screen . ( continued ) 69 . continued : on tv , image of drina dissolve into each other quickly -- she dance in a ball - gown , chair a corporate board meeting , finally pull into the winner ' circle in a formula race car , pull off she helmet and shake she hair out . announcer ( v.o . ) discover the fountain of youth ... in a jar . beaunique by avenal . drina hit pause , wrinkle she nose . drina I look fat . george we will shoot another . Georges move in on drina , as the camera discreetly pan to the window over the factory . int . avenal factory - night a small crew of night worker wear jumper and paper mask tend the elaborate industrial machinery , it 's deafening here . swirling goo the color of human skin pump through plastic pipe into a huge sealed vat . rainbows of nail polish squirt out of nozzle into bottle . lipstick stick screw down into they tube and be capped on conveyor belt . overhead , amidst ducting and pipe , catwoman be on the move . her claw rake across a row of rubber tube , which spray multi-color fluid . her glove hand spin hydraulic valve . her boot kick a conveyor belt wheel , twist it sideways -- the belt jam , smoke rise from the clogge gear . a panel slide open over a bank of switch and whack - it button . her glove finger start hitting they at random . ( continued ) 70 . continued : with a worker drone , clicking a hand counter by rote as case of neatly - pack jar of nail polish pass by he station . the man be half - asleep . a case come by , a bit crooked on the belt , which be beginning to vibrate ... the next case be miss half its bottle . a alarm bleep , red light flashing in b.g . the next case be fill with broken glass , drenched in nail polish -- it get he attention . he throws lever to stop the belt . wider , the factory be in chaos . steam shoot out of pressure tube , colored liquid bubble out of overflow tank , face powder spray into the air from a disconnect hose . worker dash about frantically , shout and panicked . int . avenal factory - george ' office - night the chaos in the factory be clearly visible through the window , but george can not hear a thing -- he and drina be grop each other on the couch now . a nearby intercom be buz , Georges finally push a talk button , angry . george this have better be import -- oh my God . he 's now look out the window at the chaos below . int . avenal factory - night the machinery be off now , but the place be a wreck , cloud of steam and powder , river of nail polish on the floor , etc . a handful of panic worker struggle to shut down a large distillation vat , which rumble ominously . security guard be pour in , one speak rapidly into a walkie - talkie , look upwards as he climb stair to a network of catwalk overlook the factory . walkie -talkie better stay in you office , sir , keep the door seal . the saboteur may still be on the premise . george ( v.o. ) ( filter ) who be responsible for this ?! ( continued ) 71 . continued : as if on cue , catwoman leap down from above , plant a kick in the man 's back -- the walkie-talkie fly from he grasp , she catch it in mid-air , hold it to she lip . catwoman that would be I , georgy boy . angle through window , with GEORGE , look down on the ruin factory as catwoman appear on a catwalk just below the window , strutting she stuff , speak into the walkie-talkie . catwoman come out of you hole , let 's have some fun . numerous guard be approach from various direction , move to surround catwoman . george be you crazy ?! who be you ? catwoman crack she whip . catwoman a kitten with a whip . you like my makeover ? I even have my nail do -- as the guard near , she drop the walkie-talkie , leap and wrap the whip around a pipe above the window , swinging right past George , claw extended -- -- leaving five scratch mark in the glass right in front of he face . he jump backwards instinctively . she land on a catwalk , near more guard . they move in brandish nightsticks . high-angle as the guard surround catwoman -- no easy escape . guard here , kitty kitty ... catwoman bare she tooth , let out a menace hiss . a nightstick swing at she , she easily dodge the blow , bend backwards in a way impossible for a mere mortal . ( continued ) 72 . continued : another guard swing at she , she grab the end of the nightstick and pull he toward she , snatching a can of mace off he belt and blasting he in the face with it . he 's blind , let out a cry as she toss he aside . the other come at she at once . catwoman play they against each other , leaping and dodging , landing kick in they chest , leave Zorro-like scratch mark across they uniform whenever she get the chance . with george and drina , awed by the martial art display . drina find out where she get that boot . Georges shake he head , seethe . with catwoman , a fist come at she face , she twist she head , sink her teeth into the attacker 's wrist , bone crack . bitten guard ow ! you fight like a girl ! catwoman duh . so say , she shove another guard into the path of a swinging stick , which knock he unconscious . she somersault over the head of the remain attacker , she 's about to get away when george ' voice erupt over a PA . george just shoot the bitch ! blam ! blam ! blam ! angel have appear on the catwalk , brandish a handgun , firing wildly . catwoman dodge and dive from the catwalk , landing -- -- on she foot on a narrow pipe below , one amongst several . she move quickly , leaping easily from pipe to pipe -- angel' bullet barely miss she , ricocheting , cause guard and worker below to dive for cover . one bullet strike the rumbling distillation vat -- catwoman I be not finish with you , georgy ! so say , she dive into a large duct lead downward . 73 . int . avenal factory - duct - night catwoman rocket downward , bullet perforate the duct work just behind she . int . avenal factory - night the vat explode upward like a volcano , drenching angel and the guard with flesh - colored foundation . int . avenal factory - basement - night darkness , a grill explode from the ceiling with catwoman' impact , she topple through and land on a table of glassware , which upend , we hear glass shatter . catwoman be instantly on all four on the ground , breathe hard . she move through the dark room , become aware of -- hundred of gleaming eye . catwoman flip on a wall - switch -- -- revealing glass -walled cage contain squeaking black rat . catwoman instinctively hiss and swipe a claw in they direction -- they shrink back from the glass . many huge drum stencile " yp - 3 " be store against a far wall , near hooded clean suit and biohazard sign . catwoman spot a list of name and number on a bulletin board . she snatch this , study it -- close -- the name ivan nevski , with a address and number . cut to : ext . victorian duplex - night neatly keep , colorful architecture . catwoman move down sloping eave and swing into a turret window . int . nevski be apartment - night catwoman move stealthily inside the dimly light place . it 's upscale , expensively furnish . she scan the room , see -- ( continued ) 74 . continued : nevski , he back turn , apparently doze in a desk chair . catwoman spin he in he chair to confront he -- catwoman Ivan nevski -- his head tilt back -- she 's face - to - face with a corpse , he 's be shot a couple of time in the chest . he 's bluish , eye glaze -- very dead . catwoman ( annoyed ) you be no help . she sniff the air , turn toward -- -- a smoldering FIRE in the fireplace . catwoman move toward this , study the ash and burned paper , then reach in and snatch out -- -- the remains of a textbook . the cover read " yersinia pestis - a natural history . " the book be hot to the touch , she drop it , study it . catwoman yersinia pestis ... yp ... a singed news clipping protrude from between the page , she pluck this out . close -- " businessman denies terrorist link , " with a photo of xavier bartok , he name in the caption below . catwoman be read , absorb , when -- the front door swing open -- a uniform cop and a landlady with a ring of key step inside -- landlady Dr. nevski , be you all -- aah ! they see catwoman . she hiss , bolt for the window and vanish while the cop still fumble for he gun . dissolve to : int . arm cache - day lush vegetation and tropical sunlight through wall of netting in this immense camouflage tent . ( continued ) 75 . continued : camera move past rack of AIR - to - AIR missile , rpgs , a jet fighter and a large military cargo chopper . xavier bartok , a well - dress , heavyset man with a cigar in he mouth , accompany by a couple of bodyguard , be show off a crate of automatic weapon to a couple of rebel in combat fatigue . they speak in rapid spanish , examine the gun , sighting they , etc . xavier excuse himself to answer a ringing cell phone . he speak with a vague european accent . xavier ( v.o. ) ( on phone ) acquisition -- intercut with : int . avenal factory - day wesley be on he cell phone on the main factory floor . the place be a wreck , as worker clean up the mess catwoman make . wesley ( v.o . ) ( on phone ) this be supply . there 's be a slight complication , my employer wish to move up the exchange -- tomorrow night . xavier ( snort ) impossible -- there be issue of transport , available fund -- wesley we be willing to adjust the price . but if you can not pick up the goods tomorrow , we will have to take we business elsewhere . xavier this be not you first ' complication . ' wesley unlock a door to -- ext . loading dock - day a freight elevator rise to reveal many canister of yp - 3 . ( continued ) 76 . continued : wesley wave to angel at the control of a forklift -- angel still have dry fleck of make - up on he skin . he pull forward , ready to load the yp - 3 into a wait truck . wesley ( v.o. ) ( on phone ) it will be eliminate , like the other . we just do not want to take any chance . cut to : int . patience's apartment - day on tv , a artist rendition of catwoman , make to look far more menace and mean . newscaster ( v.o. ) catwoman have strike again -- footage of a sheet - cover corpse be wheeled out of nevski 's duplex . a banner : " crime break , " a local news logo . newscaster ( v.o. ) this costume criminal have now add murder to she resume of mischief and mayhem ... reverse angle -- patience , sprawle on the couch in baggy sweat - clothes , react to this with a stunne expression . on tv , " news video " of sandy from the club . sandy ( v.o. ) -- she attack we for no reason ! and she outfit , I mean , that whole S & m thing be so 90 -- the doorbell ring , patience move to answer , attention still on the tv . she throw the door open quickly -- tom lone take a step backward , hand up defensively . lone just I -- patience oh my God . we date ... ( continued ) 77 . continued : lone ( amused ) Way to cover . patience look from Lone to the tv behind she -- newscaster catwoman . who be she ? patience quickly grab a remote and flip off the tv . she then look back at Lone , remember . patience I -- I will only be a minute . she quickly grab some clothing , dart toward the bathroom . at the last moment she spot the cat mask on the floor and -- -- kick it under the couch as she move into the bathroom . lone step inside , can see he apartment across the way . he call through the half - open door as she change : lone by the way , last night -- you do not happen to see or hear anything -- my apartment be break into . patience ( 0.s. ) no , sorry -- I never look out the window . lone weird , they do not take anything , just break a bottle of after - shave and slashed a picture of my sister . with patience , get dress . she smile , delighted . patience you sister , that 's -- ( catch herself ) -- really a shame . lone have move to the kitchen table , where the numerous research book and handwritten note be spread out . angle on book -- a diagram of a bacteria , a draw of a rat , the entry " yersinia pestis . " ( continued ) 78 . continued : lone what 's yersinia pestis ? patience ( 0.s. ) bubonic plague . lone bubonic plague ? why be you -- ? on patience as she exit the bathroom , look good . patience it 's sort of a hobby of mine ... she trail off , stop in she track as she see lone , who 's hold up she whip with a dubious expression . patience ( off-handedly ) oh , I have kind of a kinky boyfriend once . patience take the whip and casually toss it aside , but Lone 's suspicion be fully arouse . patience where should we eat ? lone I dunno ... you like sushi ? cut to : int . sushi bar - day a waiter come through a bead curtain , pass lone and patience seat nearby , drink before they . the curtain rattle after he , distracting patience . lone so what have you be up to lately ? patience me? oh . not much . you know , sit around my apartment , watch television . as she speak , she involuntarily bat like a kitten at the swinging curtain . ( continued ) 79 . continued : lone really ? patience be that so hard to believe ? what about you ? lone catwoman . patience start , fold she hand in front of she . lone it 's the case I have be work on . patience oh yeah . I guess I hear about it . lone I be not surprised . talk about you media circus . patience well , she be interesting , be not she ? kind of a ... colorful character ? lone she 's a thief and a killer . patience ( heatedly ) I do not believe that . ( cover ) I mean -- whatever happen to innocent until prove guilty ? lone seem a little take aback at she vehemence . just then , a japanese waiter place a huge tray of sushi between they . patience guess I go a little crazy order . lone it 's refresh . a lot of woman will not let a man see they eat . patience right , then we go home and binge on haagan - daz . ( continued ) 80 . continued : during the follow , Lone meticulously mix soy sauce and wasabi , use chopstick , etc . patience simply peel the fish off the rice and pop it in she mouth , as if eat potato chip , then lick she finger like a cat lick its paw . lone you do hide thing , do not you . you may seem all sweet and shy , but you have get a secret wild side . patience woman in general , you mean . lone right . woman in general ... ( watch she reaction ) you know , I actually see catwoman the other night . from a distance . goofy costume . patience really ? I hear it be ... sexy . lone in a way . patience so it could be sexier ... with what , maybe a wide belt ? lone why so interested ? patience you bring it up . lone study she for a few second . he seem on the verge of say something important . but instead : lone you want that toro ? lone be already reach for another piece of sushi -- with lightning reflex , patience grab he hand to stop he -- he look up at she , surprised . she back off with a smile : patience no no , it 's yours . she eye the fish hungrily as he eat it . 81 . ext . riverside area - day lone and patience walk close together , near the water . lone gonna have to get back to the station , I be work night . patience catwoman again ? lone afraid so . but I have a feel she will be in custody within the week . patience ( alarmed ) why do you say that ? lone individual who feel compel to act out through a animal alter-ego -- bat , bird , bug , there have be a number of case in other city -- they catch themselves . take too many risk , think they can play with the cop . see , they like to be watch ... he 's stare right at she now . patience look away . her Pov -- the SUN getting low , vanish behind a cloud . close , patience's pupil become elliptical for a blink . lone pause , stand close . lone sorry . seem like all I can do be talk about work . patience spin on he , a glint in she eye . patience so stop talk . so say , she throw she arm around he neck , the other around he back , pull he close for a kiss . Lone take only a moment to respond -- it 's a good one -- until -- close on lone's back as she claw involuntarily emerge , tear right through he shirt and a inch down he back -- ( continued ) 82 . continued : lone jerk away , look back over he shoulder -- lone ow ! patience clutches she hand to she face , horrify at what she 's do , start back away -- patience I be really sorry , I do not know what get into I , I -- I have get to go . she 's on the run . a moment later , the surprised Lone pursue , round a corner ... lone patience , wait -- but she 's already vanish . int . edna' home - live room - dusk patience be breathe hard , blink rapidly , as she pace edna 's floor . edna follow nervously , try to calm she . patience it 's happen , it 's happen again . it 's not even dark yet -- you say she could only come out at night ! edna I do not say that ! patience , you make this rule up yourself -- a cat be a cat 24 hour a day , they just go hunt at night -- patience and she 's after Georges avenal -- if she find he , she 's go to kill he , I know it -- edna stop talk about she like she 's someone else ! she 's you ! a beat -- patience be in denial about this . patience edna , you have gotta ... tie I up or something , lock I in the attic -- ( continued ) 83 . continued : edna I do not have a attic -- patience a closet , the pantry , something ! please ... we have to keep the cat in tonight . ext ./ int . edna' home - STORM cellar - night edna stand in the open of the angle storm cellar doorway , look down the stair sadly . edna sure you do not need a blanket , dear ? on patience , at the foot of the stair in this cold , dank space , hugging herself , rock back and forth . patience just ... lock ... the door . edna quickly close the door , throw a bolt . it 's extremely dark down below . patience start to pace . we see she feature contort with pain as she fight this interior battle . during this monologue , she voice become huskier , more catwoman - like . patience I be not a bad person ... I be not a killer ... I be not evil ... not like Georges aaavenal ... his name become a harsh growl . she fight to get a grip . patience he 's a murderer ... he do this to I ... it 's all he fault . her eye flicker , elliptical for a moment -- patience / catwoman he have to die . int . edna' home - live room - night a unearthly howl echoes throughout the place from heater vent in the floor . in response , the cat go nut -- prowling , pace , bounce off the wall , pick up the cry . 84 . int . edna' home - dine room - night edna sit at she table over a simple meal , attempt to read a cat fancy magazine , but it 's pretty hopeless . she shut she eye , cover she ear . ext . edna' home & neighbor be home - night the sour neighbor poke she head out a OPEN window . neighbor edna , I have have it with you damn cat ! I be call the cop ! she slam the window shut . camera move to find -- -- the STORM door , bolt shut . midnight enter frame , begin to claw at the metal , slowly work the bolt free . edna emerge , see what 's happen , dash over . she carry a padlock . edna Midnight ! shoo ! Midnight hiss , but retreat sulkily . edna reach the nearly free bolt , be about to replace it and lock it when she hear a small , timid voice from below , through the door : patience ( 0.s. ) edna ? edna , be that you ? edna yes , dear , I be here . patience ( 0.s. ) edna , it work . I think ... I think I have beat she . I be patience again . I have win . edna oh , I be so glad ... edna look terribly relieved as she throw aside the bolt and begin to open the cellar door . but before she can -- -- the door fly OPEN , knock she off she foot . a figure streak past . we hear she voice as she retreat : catwoman sucker . cut to : 85 . int . concert hall - night a ballet in progress -- " giselle . " lithe dancers spin gracefully across the stage , a rustic village set . find a high BOX to one side . george and drina , in formal clothes . george be absorb in the performance , drina look bored , wrinkle she nose . drina what be this about ? george ssh. ( impatient whisper ) giselle be mistreate by a cruel prince and kill herself . later , the soul of betrayed woman come back from the grave for revenge . drina make a snoring noise , put on a walkman , and be soon bob she head to faint rock music . ext . CITY STREET - concert hall - night ballet music continue over . a CITY bus pass , a ad for avenal on the side -- it 's be vandalized , claw mark across the length of it . crane up to find catwoman crouch on the roof of the bus . she leap off from the still - move bus -- -- onto the roof of a taxi pass the other way -- -- and finally landing at the curb near -- a classical - look concert hall , fountain in front . catwoman creep amongst bush , approach the building . numerous cop patrol the entrance -- no way to get past they . catwoman creep around the perimeter , look for another way in . by the curb she spot -- angel , alone , near a park limousine , lighting a cigarette . catwoman that thing ' 1ll kill you . she smack the cigarette out of he hand , boot he into the bushes and leap on top of he . ( continued ) 86 . continued : in the bushes , catwoman straddle angel , bang he head against a cement curb . catwoman yp -3 -- the plague -- what 's it for ? angel I have no idea what you be -- bang ! she wham he head again . catwoman tell I about xavier bartok . angel how do you know -- she bang he head again . catwoman I be ask the question . angel I -- I can not tell you -- she bare she claw over he eye . catwoman then it 's time to brush up on you braille . angel no , no , not my eye ! xavier , he 's the one who 's buy the stuff ! catwoman when ? angel the deal go down tomorrow night -- at the avenal office -- catwoman wrong . you boss will not live to see it . she bang he head hard again , angel lose consciousness . catwoman thanks for you help . ( continued ) 87 . continued : catwoman move around the side of the building , keep low , ducking behind park car . fewer cop here , but the place look impregnable , no way to scale the wall . she try a emergency door -- lock , no good . she hiss in frustration , start to move on when -- the door open behind she . catwoman spin to see -- laurel , she face hide with dark glass and a wide - brimm hat . she gesture frantically . catwoman dart inside . int . concert hall - basement - night laurel whip off the hat and glass , give a girly hug to catwoman , who pull back immediately . laurel I know you would come . Laurel lead catwoman through this basement boiler room . laurel he 's with he bimbo in a box to the right of the stage . but there 's all kind of security -- he 's pretty scared of you . catwoman he should be . how much do you know about you husband 's operation ? laurel I know he 's build a empire out of woman 's inadequacy and self - hatred -- catwoman yeah , yeah , but the secret ingredient in he face cream -- it 's black plague bacteria . he 's sell it to a arm dealer . laurel ( touch she face ) oh my God ... catwoman and he 's commit murder to protect he secret . ( continued ) 88 . continued : laurel nothing he do would surprise I anymore . he 's a monster . you should have see the pre-nup , I do not get a dime -- catwoman have reach a emergency staircase , cut she off , bolt upward . catwoman I will take it from here . int . concert hall - hallway - night catwoman slink along a hallway , past a couple of bored young usher . they give she a sidelong look . cat be next month ... uniform cop be cluster near a formal staircase , block she access to the right -hand side of the hall . catwoman bare she tooth in frustration . she hurry toward a velvet rope , the sign , " box - private . " she slip past the rope , move to a far door . int . concert hall - night a old couple snore through the ballet . catwoman appear behind they in the box , snatch opera glass from the woman 's lap and scan the hall -- her Pov , zooming from box to box -- find george in a box on the opposite side of the hall . drina be rise , head out the door . catwoman climb up the curtain around the box , lever herself upward to the elaborate frieze that wrap around the top of the hall -- greek god in various dramatic pose . wider , from below , as catwoman climb and creep near the ceiling , move over the proscenium arch above the stage , head toward george . a policeman at ground level spot she -- he lift a radio to he lip , call for backup . the ballet below be reach a crescendo . cop be filing in from the back of the theatre , try to be discreet . ( continued ) 89 . continued : with george , still absorb in the ballet . suddenly catwoman land in the empty seat beside he , stare at the stage herself . a whisper : catwoman I love this part . george spin , startle -- and she slashes he across he cheek . the music be so loud , no one hear he cry of pain . george rush for the exit -- but catwoman get there first , shove a chair under the door . catwoman let 's not be interrupt . she advance on he , blood drip from the slashes on he cheek , stain he tuxedo shirt . catwoman Red 's a good color on you . at that , she grab Georges and slam he against the wall of the box , behind a curtain , partly conceal from view . the door rattle , increasingly hard . close as catwoman wrap a hand around Georges ' throat , the claw tip digging into he skin . he gasp : george no -- please -- catwoman I could rip out you throat ... george why -- why kill I ? catwoman because you deserve it . and because I can . through binoculars -- catwoman hold Georges , but still not deliver the deathblow . laurel spy from the back of the theatre . under she breath : laurel c'mon honey ... just do it . catwoman' hand tremble on Georges ' throat . his eye well up with tear , he expression plead , desperate . suddenly ( continued ) 90 . continued : catwoman release he , throw he gasping to the floor . catwoman damn it . I can not . the chair splinter and the door fly open , armed police with drina behind they . catwoman leap to the lip of the box , turn and hiss , then -- jump down to the middle of the stage , amidst the dancers . audience uproar , music stop , cop charge up the aisle -- catwoman do a pirouette , bow and bolt into the wing . after a puzzle beat , the conductor wave he baton and get the show go again . laurel look agonize -- catwoman be so close . int . concert hall - backstage - night music continue as catwoman dart between store prop and flat from a graveyard scene , bowl over costume dancers . see policemen block a exit , she dodge between drop , scramble up a fly - line -- police track she from below -- she leap between sandbagge rope as the bag drop , scramble higher onto the grid -- int . concert hall - night on stage , inappropriate scrims and prop descend and rise again . dancers dodge and weave as a giant garbage can ( think cat ) descend in the midst of the village square . int . concert hall - backstage - night catwoman dart effortlessly across the overhead grid , when -- lone freeze ! ( continued ) 91 . continued : tom lone , anticipate she move , have climb a ladder to the grid . he train a gun on she -- catwoman freeze . she stare at he , breathe hard , take a moment to come to grip with this adversary . lone advance on she , step gingerly . lone you be under arrest -- he step on a flimsy support , which start to give way . catwoman be alarmed . catwoman watch out ! lone sway , lose he balance , she spring and grab he gun arm , save he . a beat as they look at each other , then -- -- she snatch the gun out of he hand , toss it aside , then grab he tie and pull he face to she to lick he cheek . catwoman tag , you be it . she bound away , comfortable on the narrow railing . Lone pursue , move more carefully now . accompany by the ballet music , the two perform they private dance , high above the tombstone and grave . catwoman wind up in a corner on a mesh platform , no way out from here , but for a 25 - foot drop to -- the floor , where police await , point upward . lone advance , he have she trap . he pull handcuff . catwoman handcuffs . yummy . he lunge at she -- she dodge , kick a leg out from under he . no slouch at fight , Lone recover , plant a kick in she mid-section . she gasp , surprised . catwoman you play rough . lone this be not a game . he charge at she , but she parry a blow , land a slash across he shoulder . as he come at she again , she jump and grab a overhead electrical cable , swinging away -- ( continued ) 92 . continued : Lone have too much momentum , he lose balance , about to go over the edge -- catwoman swing back like a pendulum , wrapping she leg around he neck , save he from fall . she swing he back over the platform , try to kick he off , but he grab she leg , pull she and snapping the cable -- stage light go out , electrical SPARKS fly as they hit the platform together , she land straddle he , catch the sparking cable just before it strike the mesh . lone be careful ! that thing hit the metal , we be both fry ! catwoman lean close , whisper : catwoman I know there be a spark between we . she turn and fling the cable away , it dangle free of the mesh floor , still spitting SPARKS . a second later , click -- lone have slap a handcuff on she wrist , click the other cuff over he own . catwoman spin back on he , look hurt . he reach to pull off she mask . she slap he hand . catwoman please , it 's we first date . I would not want the mystery to go out of we relationship . lone struggle to push she off , but she keep she thigh lock around he . he finally roll on top of she . lone we do not have a relationship . catwoman ( mock sadness ) you man love the chase , but once you catch we , you always lose interest . as she speak , close on she cuffed hand -- she finger squeeze together , she hand slither out of the cuff like a cat 's paw . ( continued ) 93 . continued : lone rise , try to pull catwoman to she foot -- but he come up with a empty , dangle handcuff . from the ground , catwoman plant a kick in he back from behind , he fall forward and slam he face hard into a light rig . catwoman wince , sounding a lot like patience : catwoman sorry . she 's on she foot , ready to scamper off , but -- more cop have make it to the grid , block every way down - angle down , cop have cover every exit below . lone glare up at she . lone it 's over . catwoman and here I think we be hit it off ... with that , she leap and grab the dangle power line which tear loose from the ceiling -- she drop to the floor , still hold the cable . cop surround she , move in quickly , gun draw -- she back toward the wall , near a circuit breaker panel . catwoman show of hand -- who can see in the dark ? she lift she own hand daintily , then violently swing the power cable into the circuit breaker -- a flash , a bang , a shower of SPARKS -- then -- pitch darkness . we hear shout from the theatre , people panicking , and a series of grunt and oofs as catwoman take out the nearest adversary -- catwoman Pov -- catvision , figure have a pale outline , they eye glow , as catwoman dispatch she unsee opponent . 94 . ext . concert hall - stage door & side STREET - night a side door swing open and catwoman dart out . she 's almost home free when shot ring out behind she -- angel , staggering out from the bush where she clocked he , fire he handgun after she . catwoman stumble and roll , but keep move . cut to : int . edna' home - bedroom - night edna hold a few cat in she arm , weeping quietly , tissue close at hand . there 's a sound of scratching at the window , she move to open it , revealing -- catwoman , exhaust and bruise from she battle . she crawl in the window , as edna stare in astonishment . edna patience ? catwoman not exactly . she throw herself on the end of the bed , curling up with the other cat , examine she injury . she find a bloody gash where angel 's bullet graze she skin . edna move closer . edna oh dear . you have be shot . edna hurry into the bathroom and emerge with a small first - aid kit , begin tend to catwoman 's wound , still sniffle . catwoman it 's nothing to cry about . edna no , it 's my cat . last night , all that noise -- the neighbor complain . Animal Control say they be a health hazard ... catwoman piss on em . edna they be come tomorrow to take they away , have they destroy -- ( continued ) 95 . continued : catwoman it will not happen . I promise . edna study catwoman , speak softly , worried . edna do you do it ? do you kill he ? catwoman shake she head , disgust with herself . catwoman I want to -- but I could not . I actually ... feel sorry for he . edna because you be still patience price . catwoman do not remind I . that girl be so weak . edna no , she be not . you know that . catwoman make a exasperate noise , then yawns . catwoman I could really use a nap . so say , she roll over and fall asleep at once . dissolve to : ext . patience's build - day patience , in borrow clothes , move toward the entrance of she building , limping and tired . she climb the step . lone patience . tom lone , wear sunglass , approach tentatively . patience oh ! hi. listen -- about last night ... lone forget it . I , um ... listen , I be sorry about this . ( continued ) 96 . continued : he take a few step back as -- -- a pair of patrol car screech to a halt , come up on the sidewalk in front of patience 's building . cop armed with shotguns leap out , train they weapon on she . patrol cop hand in the air ! two more cop throw open the entrance door behind she , handggun ready . patience , cornere , look shocked and betrayed . she raise she hand timidly . lone remove he shade -- we now see he have a nasty black eye , he face swollen . still , a hint of regret in he voice : lone patience price , aka catwoman , you be under arrest . you have the right to remain silent ... on patience 's stunne expression -- cut to : ext . edna' home - day grim-look animal control worker methodically ferry cat cage from edna 's open front door to a van in front . edna scurries helplessly from cage to cage , say goodbye , fight back tear . midnight slashes at a worker and escape . but a kitten , less agile , be shove into a cage . as the door slam shut -- cut to : int . police station - interrogation room - day patience be in a jail jumpsuit , alone in a small , dingy room with the usual one - way mirror and table . the door be open by a cop and lone enter . patience this be all a mistake -- Tom , you know I ! ( continued ) 97 . continued : lone ( shake he head sadly ) one thing you learn in this line of work -- you never really know anybody , not completely . ( professional tone ) you be be charge with vandalism , burglary and the murder of Doctor Ivan nevski -- patience he be dead when ... um , Ivan who ? ( a beat , floundering ) you , you have no proof that I -- what be you do ? lone be unbuttone he shirt . he pull down one side to reveal he shoulder . lone this scratch be inflicted last night by catwoman . forensics also test this scratch -- he turn around to show the claw - mark she leave when they kiss . he turn to face she , rebuttone he shirt . lone they be make by the same implement . patience so this whole time , you have be flirt , buy I dinner , act like you be interested -- I be a suspect ? it be just some cat and mouse thing ? lone 's a little offended , he tone become more aggrieve : lone no , not at first -- I really buy the act , vulnerable girl all alone in the big city -- patience sorry if I do not fit into you damsel in distress fantasy . lone that 's not what -- ( continued ) continued : 98 . patience Real people be a little more complicated . lone look , I do not want to believe it , but -- patience I guess a strong woman can be intimidating to a certain kind of man -- lone do you really think I be not gonna recognize you in a little mask ? I be not blind . patience so if they do not need rescue , you better lock they up yourself -- they be now talk over each other , sounding just like bicker lover . lone glance at the mirror , embarrassed ; they be obviously be watch . through he tooth : lone knock it off . ( flat , sgt. Friday ) it will go a lot easier on you if you just confess now . patience I have be do some investigate of my own . a real crime . Georges avenal be stockpile yp - 3 , a variant of black plague bacteria -- lone oh yes , you little hobby . please , patience -- patience it 's a bioweapon ! Ivan nevski develop it , they must have kill he to keep it a secret -- lone so now you have construct a paranoid fantasy with you former boss at the center . a disgruntled employee -- ( continued ) 99 . continued : patience the deal 's go down tonight , they be meeting a arm dealer name xavier bartok at the avenal office -- lone you be hallucinate . Georges avenal be world famous , worth million , a respected businessman -- why in God 's name would he get involved in arm trafficking ? patience I do not know ! why do not you ask he ? lone enough . be you deny you be catwoman ? patience ( look away from he ) it do not matter what I say . you will make I whoever you want I to be . lone look at she for a moment , then exit , leave patience to study she own defiant expression in the mirror . dissolve to : int . police station - patience's cell - evening patience pace in she own cell , talk to herself : patience damn it , it 's get dark out , where be you ...? she stare at she hand , try to will claw to appear -- nothing . a deep breath , concentrate , mantra-like -- patience I be catwoman ... I be ... she open she eye -- it 's no good . cut to : 100 . int . church - night a gloriously handsome GROOM stand beside a veile bride at a altar . organ music plays . a reverend beam at the couple , nod at the young man , who throw back the veil -- the bride be drina -- catch cracking a piece of chewing gum . a 0o.s. director : director ( 0.s. ) cut ! wider , as drina take the gum out of she mouth , we be at a commercial shoot . 35 mm cameras , klieg light , etc . drina I be not ready ! beside the harry director sit george , butterfly bandage over the scratch in he face . director we be gonna be at this all night . drina approach , look for a place to put she gum . drina line ?! director ( wearily ) ' I do. with beaunique . ' she nod , crouch and stick the gum under a pew . a assistant have a cell phone to she ear , lean toward Georges , speak quietly . assistant it 's detective Lone , apparently they have catch the catwoman . Georges smile , breathes a sigh of relief . assistant he 's come by later , say he want to ask you about another matter . Georges narrow he eye and cock he head at this . cut to : 101 . int . police station - patience's cell - night on patience , lie in she bunk , miserable . we hear the sound of a cat crying , distant , almost as if it be in she head . she open she eye to see -- midnight , mostly in shadow , pace on the other side of a high , mesh - cover window . on patience , for a moment we see the gold , elliptical pupil . wider , patience -- now catwoman -- spring to she foot and study the bar of she cell . as she do at the zoo , she begin to ease she body between they ... int . police station - bullpen - night row of desk , plainclothes and uniform cop in a bustling , crowded bullpen area , a hive of activity . patience / catwoman enter in she jail jumpsuit -- she can not fight she way through , so she try a different approach . she move stealthily through the room , use she heighten reflex to avoid be see . it 's a intricate choreography of split- second timing , turn head and divert glance . she duck down to crouch as a cart pass ... a plainclothes cop spin idly in he swivel chair , patience / catwoman circle behind he .... patience / catwoman roll a sign baseball across a desktop , knock over a pencil cup . as the assistant bend to retrieve it , patience / catwoman step lightly over she desk -- -- and make it out the door . CUT to : ext . rooftop / CITY street - night the full moon just above the rooftop . catwoman rise into frame in full regalia , silhouett , then leap away . int . animal control - night move from a reverse window sign to a skylight above -- catwoman leap through it and land on the floor in a shower of glass . she hurry towards the kennel . catwoman bypass barking dog , hissing at they as she do . she turn a corner and find -- ( continued ) 102 . continued : dozen of cat behind bar . catwoman fling the cage open , the grateful cat stream out . cut to : int . church - night camera roll on drina and the GROOM at the altar . in b.g. , we glimpse a dark figure , move low between the nearby pews . drina I do . she turn to camera , hold up a jar of beaunique . drina with beauni -- a black -gloved fist smashes she hard in the face . drina stagger back , clutching she nose , shrieking , blood spilling on she wedding dress -- drina no ! I just have this fix ! george and the director be both out of they chair , stunne at the sight of -- catwoman , in the midst of sudden pandemonium on the set . she reach into she bodice and remove a small handgun . crew member scream and duck for cover as -- blam ! blam ! blam ! catwoman shoot george in the chest , he collapse , dead instantly . catwoman throw down the gun and sprint behind a altar screen and out of the church . ext . CITY street - night the dark mercede , with only one headlight , and a dented front end , weave quickly around slower traffic . int . mercede - night catwoman drive like a maniac , look over she shoulder . she let out a sudden whoop of delight -- she do it . ( continued ) 103 . continued : she hit a speed - dial button , we hear a phone ringing as she peel off the cat mask -- and a wig ... it 's laurel avenal . we hear xavier' voice : xavier ( v.o. ) ( filter ) be we on ? laurel oh honey , we be so on . int . church - night chaos , paramedics , cop , a forensics team photograph George 's corpse . nearby , other cop bag the handgun . tom lone be here , on he cell phone , head for the exit . lone ( on phone ) yeah , we get a couple dozen witness , it be catwoman . look like it might be the same weapon that kill nevski ... ext . church - night lone move outside , past film truck outside this urban church , still on the phone . lone ( on phone ) Nah , could not have be price after all , musta be a lab error . you better cut she loose right away or she 's gonna have a hell of a lawsuit on she hand ... yeah , be there soon , I just gotta tie up a couple loose end . he climb in he sedan and move off . ext . avenal hq - night lone's sedan pull up near the entrance to the office tower . as he get out , he hear a chopper come in overhead and look up to see -- the avenal beauty sign high above , a twin - rotor chopper approach the helipad . ( continued ) 104 . continued : lone move toward the showroom entrance , try the door -- lock . he see the entrance to the parking garage , move down the ramp . ext . avenal hq - helipad - night the military cargo chopper touch down . xavier and four mercenary emerge . two merc carry aluminum suitcase , all be armed with automatic weapon . in addition to chopper sound , there 's a whistling wind up here and the white noise roar of a.c. duct . laurel , still in the cat suit but without the mask , be wait . xavier approach , a small briefcase in hand . Laurel 's manner be cold , professional , all business -- she could not be more different from the victimize female we meet up here at the outset . xavier you husband ? laurel he will not be a problem . ever again . and I be not even a suspect . she gesture to she outfit . xavier nod . xavier american woman . I be always impressed . laurel let 's do some business . they head down the stair . camera move , off the roof , to the roof of a adjacent , lower skyscraper -- and find -- ext . skyscraper rooftop - night the real catwoman . she pace , breathe hard , steeling herself for something , look toward the avenal building . a window washer rig hang halfway down the building , but it 's quite a distance from this roof edge . catwoman I can do this ... right ? ( continued ) 105 . continued : she 's address midnight , who non-commitally lick a paw . catwoman move to the far end of the roof and sprint toward the edge , leap for all she 's worth -- catwoman sail through the air in a perfect arc , toward the window - washer rig ... but she 's go to fall short and plunge twenty storey . at the last second , she pull out she whip and snap it out around -- -- the cable of the rig . catwoman slam hard against the side of the building , dangle from the whip . catwoman ow . she struggle to pull herself upward . int . avenal hq - penthouse - night a aluminum suitcase open -- stack of hundre dollar bill . wider , wesley handle the suitcase . he start to count the stack of money , testing random bill with a counterfeit pen . meanwhile , xavier 's merc be move aside the ladder and paint can . one yank down the frilly draperies to reveal -- canister of yp - 3 , dozen of they in a cutout portion of wall , more than we have see before . Laurel 's be hide they here all along . xavier open he briefcase -- there 's a testing kit inside . xavier May I ? so say , xavier pluck a white rose from a arrangement . he seal it into a clear plastic container , move to a random canister , and attaches a nozzle tightly to the valve . cautiously , he release a small amount of pressurized liquid into the container . close -- as the mist make contact with the rose , the petal turn pink , then red blotches appear . abruptly , the petal blacken , wither and ulcerate . the flower be a shrivel mess in second . ( continued ) 106 . continued : xavier Nice . xavier carefully remove the nozzle , nodd appreciatively at the canister . xavier avenal should think about get out of cosmetics altogether -- chemical weapon be a growth industry . the merc , with slightly nervous look , begin carefully move the canister out of the penthouse , up the stair to the helicopter . the elevator door OPEN -- it 's angel . angel look what I find . he lift the semi-conscious lone from the floor -- the man 's be bound , gag and blindfolded with duct tape , there 's a bruise on he head . angel flash lone's badge . angel he 's a cop . found he sniff around the basement . laurel ( exasperate ) oh beautiful . ( wave a hand ) put he in there for now ... angel drag lone into a closet near the make - up mirror , shove he inside and close the door . laurel what be we go to do about this ? xavier ( a shrug ) I will be fly over water . I could drop he off . Laurel nod and smile gratefully . ext . avenal hq - night at the side of the build , catwoman hold a button on the window washer be rig , which rise toward the roof . 107 . ext . avenal hq - helipad - night the merc methodically move canister from the penthouse , up the stair , to the chopper on the helipad , where a pilot wait at the control -- the rotor blade spin lazily . mercenary # 1 , wind , call to the pilot , who 's absorb in a copy of soldier of fortune : mercenary # 1 wanna pitch in ? pilot ( not look up ) not my job . mercenary # 1 exchange a look with mercenary # 2 , shake he head , deposit he canister in the chopper . as he move back for the stair he hear move hydraulics . he head toward the far edge of the helipad , weapon ready . he see the moving cable of the window wash rig come to a stop , he look cautiously over the edge ... he Pov -- the platform have come to a stop just a few foot below the rooftop . but it 's empty . another angle -- catwoman be claw she way around the corner of the building , just below a narrow cornice . she 's dangle precipitously over a forty story fall . she approach a window into the penthouse below the helipad . catwoman Pov -- on laurel in the catwoman suit , chat with xavier while the merc ferry yp - 3 . on catwoman , she eye widen with the realization -- Laurel ?! catwoman you cow ... int . avenal hq - penthouse - night wesley slip a few bundle of bill into he pocket and close a aluminum case . wesley it 's all here . I have take my cut . laurel all right , wesley . laurel open a humidor , offer a cigar to xavier : ( continued ) 108 . continued : laurel shall we ? xavier take a cigar , sniff it . with mock concern : xavier Cuban . be not this illegal ? they both chuckle as they head out to the garden area . ext . avenal hq - helipad - night mercenary # 3 and # 4 be in the back of the chopper , secure the canister . # 1 and # 2 head toward the stair , for another load . mercenary # 1 , in the rear , pass a low a.c. duct . the whip lash out from behind he , wrap around he throat -- he can not cry out as it yank he back behind the duct . we hear a nasty thunk . one down . on the stair , mercenary # 2 turn around . mercenary # 2 tony ...? no sign of he buddy . he move back up the stair and -- -- get hit in the face with merc # 1 's gun butt . he roll down the stair . ext . avenal hq - penthouse garden - night xavier and laurel have they back to the stair , smoking they cigar , as the unconscious mercenary hit the ground a short distance behind they . they do not notice . Laurel stretch she arm luxuriously , enjoy the feel of the wind . xavier study Laurel , a bit lasciviously . laurel free at last ... to eat what I want , wear what I want , look like a slob if I want ... you have no idea how good it feel . xavier I be think after this business be over , you might spend some time with I on my island -- laurel thanks , no . I be through with man . 109 . ext . avenal hq - helipad - night mercenary # 3 and # 4 emerge from the chopper , look around for the other . as they start to circle the chopper -- -- catwoman swing around from behind they , hang from the slowly spin rotor blade , she kick they both from behind and send they fly head - first to the asphalt . merc # 3 be knock cold , merc # 4 roll over on the ground , firing a burst behind he . but when the blade come around again , she 's go . he have no idea what hit they . ext . avenal hq - penthouse garden - night laurel and xavier both react to the gunfire , drop they cigar , hurry for the stair . ext . avenal hq - helipad - night the pilot leap out , a handgun ready . pilot what the hell be you shoot at ? mercenary # 4 I do not know ! on the other side of the chopper , catwoman cling to the fuselage . see a fuel tank -- close -- she claw pierce the aluminum skin and fuel start to spurt out . ext . avenal hq - penthouse garden - night wesley and angel have emerge from the penthouse , alarmed , just as laurel and xavier nearly trip over the groan mercenary # 2 . xavier what the hell --? xavier take the man 's automatic weapon , he and Laurel hurry up to the helipad . ext . avenal hq - helipad - night laurel and xavier reach the top of the stair , follow by wesley and angel , just as -- ( continued ) 110 . continued : catwoman leap down to the penthouse level from the helipad . the group be stunne to see the injure man . mercenary # 1 be crawl out from behind the a.c. duct . laurel angrily grab a machine gun from the daze mercenary # 3 . to xavier : laurel where do you find this clown ?! mercenary # 4 and angel scout the helipad 's perimeter , gun at the ready . wesley nervously back toward the stair . wesley if it 's all right with you , Laurel , I would just as soon be go ... xavier be look around frantically . xavier this be good soldier . it would take a team of man -- laurel ( realize ) or one woman . catwoman ( 0.s. ) look what I find ! all spin to see -- catwoman stand at the edge of the helipad , above the sheer drop , hold the two suitcase out to either side of she . she have a light cigar clench between she tooth . behind she , the sky be lightening with approach dawn . all gun be train on catwoman , except Laurel 's . laurel do not shoot , you idiot ! she will drop the money -- they do not lower they gun . catwoman narrow she eye , speak around the cigar . catwoman henchmen , Laurel ? how tacky . ( continued ) 111 . continued : she jerk one of the case -- the latch have be loosen , it pop OPEN and cash goe flying into the wind -- drifting from the rooftop to the city street below . laurel react in agony . laurel no , please -- do not do that again ! catwoman drop the emptied case and pull the cigar from she mouth with a distasteful expression . eying Laurel : catwoman do not you hate it when somebody show up at a party wear the same dress ? laurel advance on catwoman . laurel let 's face it -- we be alike , you and I . catwoman ignore she , shout to xavier and he man : catwoman you guy gotta be careful with this yp - 3 stuff . it 's a live thing , you know , a bacteria . if it get too hot -- it die . xavier look from catwoman to the fuel pool on the helipad , put two and two together . he jerk he head at he merc -- they start back away toward the stair . laurel be still focus on the money . laurel let 's split the rest of the money -- and there 's more where that come from -- catwoman tempt offer ... we would make a pretty good team . Beyond the law , fight the yoke of male oppression , sister under the skin ... laurel nod hopefully . catwoman look thoughtfully at the cigar in she hand . ( continued ) 112 . continued : catwoman Nah , I still have to live with myself . so say , she flick the lit cigar to the helipad -- igniting the spread pool of gasoline -- xavier ET al. sprint to leap off the helipad or charge down the stair as -- the helicopter explode in a glorious fireball . laurel be throw across the helipad by the blast , shower with chopper debris . the man be hightail it out of there , but Laurel get slowly to she foot , machine gun ready , bent on revenge . spot catwoman darting through the smoke and flame toward the stair , laurel fire a volley with a scream of rage and charge after she in pursuit . ext . avenal hq - penthouse garden - dawn laurel hurry down the stair to the garden , firing at -- catwoman , as she dart into the penthouse . catwoman 's nearly hit , shower with break glass . int . avenal hq - laurel' penthouse - dawn the roof creak ominously , the room be thick with smoke . laurel charge in , see movement near the elevator and fire a body go down with a cry . laurel laugh triumphantly , move to find -- angel , dead on the floor . laurel wince . laurel sorry , angel . catwoman leap at Laurel from behind , the gun go fly . the two woman crash into the classical sculpture , shatter they in the course of they struggle . Laurel keep go for the gun , but catwoman will not let she get near it . 113 . int . avenal hq - showroom - dawn wesley , xavier and he merc hurry from the elevator . they have almost make it out the exit to safety when a eerie howl erupt -- xavier what be tha -- midnight leap onto he back , sink he fang in . a beat later , dozen of edna' cat attack the man ; they scream as they try to pry frenzied feline from they flesh . int . avenal hq - penthouse - day catwoman and laurel continue they battle . catwoman get Laurel down , near victory , when -- beam of sunlight from the window penetrate the smoke and catch catwoman full in the face . she back away , squinting , disorient -- this give Laurel the chance to recover . catwoman no -- I need more time -- wham ! laurel get in a devastating blow that send catwoman reeling . at the same moment , lone kick OPEN the closet door . he 's still gag and blindfolded , hand and foot bound , but he 's struggle , grunting now . catwoman take this in , shocked . she move to Lone 's side . catwoman Tom ... Laurel pick up the machine gun . flame be spread from the ceiling , down the wall . laurel you know this guy ? catwoman raise a hand , curl she finger -- but no claw emerge . she look toward the window where -- -- the SUN be now fully visible . Laurel stride over and kick catwoman away from Lone -- she roll across the ground helplessly . Laurel casually point the weapon at Lone 's head . catwoman no ! do not do it ! ( continued ) 114 . continued : laurel why not ? he 's just -- a man . catwoman start to rise , laurel step on Lone 's throat , the gun still point at he head . laurel move a muscle and you will not have a date for the prom . catwoman freeze , sit back down again . Laurel smile . laurel it 's amazing . we be the stronger sex -- but man be like kryptonite . they make we so weak ... she increase she pressure on Lone 's throat , he writhes , choke . catwoman sound just like patience now . catwoman / patience stop it , please -- you will kill he . laurel do not worry , I know exactly how much a man can take . Laurel take she foot off of Lone , he struggle for air . she move in on catwoman . laurel you know , I be actually start to admire you . laurel clock her with the gun butt . catwoman / patience try to crawl away , blood at she lip . laurel when I think of all the guy I have to ... use . whack ! she boot catwoman in the stomach . laurel and there you be , claw you way up on you own . but you let I down . she kick she again . ( continued ) 115 . continued : laurel I ask one little favor -- but no , I have to take care of Georges myself . and now ... this . you have ruin everything . she pull catwoman halfway to she foot and slug she face . laurel then grab the top of the cat mask and yank it off -- patience look up at she weakly , eye roll . laurel blink , a shocked double - take , back away . laurel no ... it 's impossible ... you be dead . patience 's crumpled figure recall the position of she body lie on the pavement , the night she be murder . her eye go wide as she put it together . patience oh my God ... it be you ... flashback - ext . patience's build objective shot , angel near patience 's body . camera move to the mercede . the driver' door open and laurel step out , look at patience 's body on the ground with disgust . patience ( v.o . ) you be behind the wheel that night ... int . avenal hq - penthouse - day ( present ) patience leap at laurel with blind speed , claw out . patience / catwoman it be you ! laurel be overwhelm by the sudden turn . patience / catwoman knock the gun from Laurel 's hand . Laurel dodge she kick and blow , push closer to the flame . ( continued ) 116 . continued : laurel what do you want , a apology ? of course it be I , it be always I -- I run the yp - 3 operation right under Georges ' nose , I could not let some frumpy accountant blow the whistle when I be so close -- patience / catwoman slashes at Laurel 's head with a hiss -- she peel off half laurel' face -- it 's like a form -fitting '' Mission : impossible " latex mask . beneath , the skin be blotched with dark spot and sore . laurel let out a hideous scream . laurel no ! my face ! patience / catwoman knock she to the ground , straddle she . the fight 's go out of laurel now , she clutches at she disfigure feature . patience / catwoman cock she head , look at the shred latex hang from she claw . patience / catwoman so I be not the only one hide behind a mask . laurel I be the first to try beaunique -- I be over 30 , I have nothing to lose . when the symptom start to show , it be too late ... as she speak , Laurel peel away the remain of the latex . patience / catwoman so you upped production and sell the stuff to a arm dealer . laurel life hand you lemon , you make lemonade . a flaming beam give way , block the stairwell , part of the ceiling collapse -- this give Laurel the chance to squirm out from under patience / catwoman . but instead of go for the gun , she run straight for the make - up mirror . ( continued ) 117 . continued : patience / catwoman run to Lone 's side , pull he away from the spread flame toward the elevator . she slashes the tape that bind he wrist . laurel , meanwhile , open a hide compartment by she mirror , revealing numerous latex mask . she begin to apply a new one , use adhesive , smoothing wrinkle , hide the seam , etc . nearby , she portrait start to melt and turn to ash . the ceiling buckle , chunks of masonry fall . patience / catwoman be pry open the elevator door . patience / catwoman Laurel , you better get out of here -- laurel in a minute -- I have to finish put on my face the door OPEN on the empty shaft -- almost as a afterthought , patience / catwoman snatch up she mask , pull lone to she with she other arm . the ceiling give way with a burst of flame -- int . avenal hq - elevator shaft - day patience / catwoman leap into the open elevator shaft , lone have he arm around she -- together they slide down a cable as flame erupt from above . int . avenal hq - laurel' penthouse - day laurel be now trap in the make - up alcove , illuminate by flame surround she , but she do not seem to care , work frantically to get a new face on . she whisper a mantra : laurel you be still beautiful ... you will always be beautiful ... crash ! chunks of helipad and the remain of the flaming chopper come through the ceiling , obliterate Laurel . ext . avenal hq - day police charge into the building from a number of cop car . as they do so , we see the army of cat flee . 118. int . avenal hq - showroom - day wesley , xavier and the merc be on the ground , scratched and bleeding . they raise they hand for the puzzle , gun - wield cop . wesley thank God you be here ... int . avenal hq - parking garage - day elevator door OPEN in this parking garage . patience / catwoman pull lone out , he seem woozy , he arm around she neck . they collapse together against a wall . she tear the duct tape off Lone 's mouth . he wince . lone who be you ? patience / catwoman hesitates , about to answer -- but instead give he a long kiss . then she dart out of frame . lone reel from the kiss , then collect himself and pull the duct tape from he eye . wide shot -- he 's alone , no sign of she . ext . avenal hq - day overhead angle as cop hustle xavier and the other into police vehicle . camera keep pulling up , until we see the ruin roof of the building , in flame . the " a " in " avenal beauty " have be knock out by the conflagration ... fora few moment the sign read " venal beauty , " until the whole thing explode and SPARKS out . dissolve to : int . edna' home - live room - day edna lie on the couch , a hand over she eye , asleep ina robe . she stir as a tongue lap at she face . as she sit up , dozen of cat be all over she , begging for attention . she laugh and cry at the same time then see -- catwoman , mask again , who have enter behind the cat . edna thank you . ( continued ) 119 . continued : catwoman a promise be a promise . her tone be soft , more like patience 's . edna take in the blood on she , she tear clothes . edna what happen to you ? catwoman I find out the truth . edna note the sunlight pour through the window , eye she . edna but the sun be up ... you be still catwoman ? catwoman pull off the mask and look at it , puzzle . catwoman / patience yeah . but I be patience , too ... with or without the mask . I do not think there 's a difference any more . edna maybe there never really be . catwoman / patience nod and smile at this thoughtfully , accept she dual nature at last . dissolve to : int . patience's apartment - day fill with cardboard box . moving men carry a few out . sally be ostensibly lend a hand , but be mostly interested in the man 's muscle . as she pick up a tiny box -- sally you look awfully hot . sure you do not wanna take that shirt off ? sally wink at patience as she follow the man out the door . patience look good , no trace of the old awkwardness -- she 's integrate she cat side . the phone ring , she snatch it up in a swift , feline fashion . ( continued ) 120 . continued : patience hello ? lone ( v.0o . ) ( filter ) hi , patience . patience turn -- lone stare from he window across the way . intercut with : int . lone's apartment - day he and patience maintain eye contact while they speak . lone ( v.0o . ) ( on phone ) move out ? patience ( v.o. ) ( on phone ) you be a good detective . it just feel like time for a change . lone where you head ? patience why ? you still keep tabs on I ? Said on tv the catwoman case be close . lone mm. no hard feeling ...? patience Nah . in a way , it be flatter . lone funny thing , no one at the station remember let you out of jail . patience that 's bureaucracy for you . ( change the subject ) hard to believe , catwoman be Laurel avenal all along . lone uh-huh . it be pretty hard to believe . ( continued ) 121 . continued : there 's a significant pause , they eye each other across the alley . Lone know , and patience know he know . in unison : patience lone thank you -- thank you -- they laugh at this , take a moment to recover . then : lone for what ? patience ( a beat ) dinner the other night . how about you ? lone for ... teach I some thing . listen , patience - - if you be still interested -- I would like to get to know you better . midnight leap up onto patience 's shoulder , nuzzle she neck . patience hey , you never really know anybody . not completely . lone I guess I have that come ... look , I know it 's not simple , I be a cop and you be ... patience a dull accountant . lone all I be say be -- whatever you be , however ... complicated -- I can deal with it . patience can you ? lone I would like to try . I just do not want this to be good - bye . ( continued ) 122 . continued : patience oh ... I have a feel we will see each other again . she hang up , roll she shoulder and let out a little purr . with lone , he smile , put the phone down himself as patience move away from the window . with patience , move to find the cat mask as she place it on top of stack of slightly FIRE - damaged $ 100 dollar bill and close the suitcase . CuT to black . the end