ï»¿ cecil B. demented written by John Waters fourth draft : 1 June 1998 1 . Film open with beautiful shot of the skyline of downtown Baltimore in the spring . credit begin . cut to " the hippodrome theater , " one - time downtown movie palace , now abandon and board up with break and blank marquee . the credit to we movie continue by fade in on marquee . cut to thriving " Harbor Court " theater , downtown chain . all six marquee list the same two mega-budget Hollywood hit . Hollywood title fade out and " cecil B. dement " title logo fade into marquee in all its terrorist glory . cut to old " towson theater . " a " for rent " sign be on marquee of this one- time neighborhood theater . " for rent " sign fade out and we credit fade in on marquee . cut to " towson commons , " a modern cineplex down the street . all the title list on marquee be sequel . sequel title fade out and we credit fade in on marquee . cut to " 5 West theater , " one - time art house . the marquee now announce " Sunday Church service " which fade out and we credit continue , fade in . cut to " westview mall , " suburban multiplex , all the title list on marquee be recent Hollywood comedy bomb . the Hollywood title fade out and we credit fade in . cut to " New theater , " once a popular downtown premiere spot . the marquee read c-l-o-s-e-d in badly space letter . the letter fade out and we credit fade in . 2 . cut to wide shot of exterior senator theater , 2 . Baltimore 's landmark art-deco movie palace . marquee read : gala world premiere benefit maryland heart fund honey whitlock in " some kind of happiness " marquee letter fade out and we credit fade in . cut to block of cement out front of the theater similar to grauman 's chinese theater in Los Angeles . each display the logo of a film title that be shot on location in Baltimore and premiere at this theater ; " diner , " " the accidental Tourist , " " and justice for 3 all . " we credit be intercut in the cement block as the camera pan across this local tourist attraction . cut to sinclair steven , the handsome but intense 20 - year-old theater manager as he adjust the final letter of the film 's title on the marquee , perch atop a ladder . sinclair be dress in a obviously rent tuxedo and for a moment seem like any other middle class suburban kid . roy stilling , the tuxedoe fifty - year - old theater owner , shout instruction from below as caterer , decorator and publicity people rush in a out of theater prepare for tonight 's event . he be surround by several of he young staff - dinah , the sourpuss but unconventionally strike cashier ; chardonnay , the African - american ticket - taker with a huge 90' hairdo so popular with the black girl in Baltimore ; raven , the happy and always smile pretty usherette , and fidget , the dweebish but somehow sexy janitor . all have make a attempt to dress up they usual uniform for the premiere . mr. stilling a little more to the right , sinclair . sinclair ( move the final " S " in " happiness " ) that better , Mr. stilling ? title on marquee fade out and " produce by ... " credit fade in . mr. stilling ( squinting ) yeah , that 's good . ( still unsatisfied ) but try move the " k " in " whitlock . " a little to the leave . sinclair ( follow he boss 's instruction , the " some kind of happiness " title back on the marquee ) have you meet she yet ? mr. stilling not yet . but do not worry , sinclair , I will introduce you ! sinclair you promise ? sinclair smile sneakily to himself as " some kind of happiness " logo fade out on marquee and " written and directed by John Waters " credit fade in . sinclair ( evilly ) I be a bg fan ! end of credit . 3 . cut to exterior harbor court , luxury downtownhotel . 3 . Movie fan of all age , clutch 8x10' of honey whitlock and eagerly await she departure . 4 . interior " presidential suite " of harbor court HOTEL . 4 . honey whitlock turn from beautiful Inner Harbor view outside hotel window and we see she be about forty year old and a complete knockout . honey ah , what a town ! honey be dress for the premiere in a elegant evening gown and she black hair be cut perfectly in the Louise brook style that have become she signature . she continue she press conference under the watchful eye of she press agent charle and she long - time assistant libby , both of whom be also dress for the premiere . room service employee stand by , ready to serve . honey I tell everybody in Hollywood , when you shoot on location in Baltimore , you do not need to bring all the crew from Los Angeles . Baltimore really ia the best !... 5 . cut back to interior lobby of senator theater . 5. mr. stilling lecture he other staff member as caterer and bartender set up behind he . sinclair steven be pay close attention as be lyle , the projectionist , a handsome but surprisingly gaunt young man . cherish , a sexy and slightly nasty candy - counter girl leer at sinclair who flirt back as she feign interest in mr. stilling ' pep talk . pam the popcorn girl , a masculine but beautiful nineteen year old with a seemingly bad attitude and lewis , the young cool African - american usher with a chip on he shoulder join fidget , raven and dinah . 5 mr. stilling and remember , miss whitlock be every inch a movie star and expect to be on stage at exactly 7:10 pm to ensure live coverage from all three local news show . by the way , I hear she 's really a nice person ... 6 . interior honey' HOTEL room . 6. honey 's mean face glare out window at the twinkle light of Baltimore 's Inner Harbor in the early evening . honey look at this dump of a town ! honey turn to she long suffer assistant , libby . the press be go and they be alone . honey get I the fuck back to l.a . if one more asshole mention a crab cake to I , I think I will puke . libby ( try to be positive ) do you try the steam crab ? they be red and ... honey no I do not ! I be not interested in any kind of meal you have to beat with a mallet ... a knock be hear at hotel door . honey ( suddenly nice ) just a minute ... ( muttering to herself as libby go to answer door ) . wear some stupid kind of bib while family of mutant gawk in my face ... no thank you ! charle , the press agent enter . charle you limousine be here , miss whitlock . you look beautiful . honey ( back to be gracious ) thank you Charles , darling . we will be right with you . I be excited . charle exit . honey ( back to she nasty self ) do you think Pat Nixon get fuck in this hotel room ? libby ( stupefied ) well ... I do not know ... I mean ... honey it 's call the " presidential suite " be not it ? libby yes ...but ... honey I bet she did ! call the manager and ask he ! libby ( horrified ) I can not ask that . . . Pat Nixon be a stroke victim ... honey it 's you ï¿½ to ask , Libby ! call downstairs and find out if Pat Nixon get fuck in my hotel room ! I want to know ! 7 . exterior senator theater . 7. large crowd of fan and gawker let out a roar of approval as the klieg light be switch on by workman and the night sky be light up by the criss-crossing beam of light . 8 . interior hallway of harbor court HOTEL . 8. honey whitlock , look incredibly glamorous , be be lead downstairs by charle , the press agent and rodney , a young biker - type bodyguard assign to she for the night by the theater . he wear a ill-fitting polyester suit and a earphone . libby hurry to catch up with they . 7 libby ( reading from note ) the hotel manager say " no . " Pat Nixon never stay here , but Nancy reagen do in 1986 ... honey ( amazed ) you do not actually ask he ? libby ( confuse ) you say to call downstairs ... honey ( appalled ) you ask the hotel manager if Pat Nixon have sex in my room ? libby well . . . sort of . I mean you tell I ... honey I be kid Libby . he must think you be a complete lunatic ! good God , you would do anything ! a HOTEL maid push a cart of towel and bathroom supplies come around a corner and be completely star-struck . maid good luck , miss whitlock ! honey 's face freeze in horror as elevator door open and she be lead inside . 9 . interior elevator . 9. several well - dress hotel guest recognize honey and be thrilled . honey ( in a sudden tirade ) do you hear what that little bitch say to I ? libby she do not know . honey in show business we say " break a leg . " never fuck " good luck " ! 8 HOTEL guest frown in disappointment at honey 's language . libby ( to honey ) that 's just a old superstition . charle ( nervously ) miss whitlock , there 's photo cps with the mayor in the lobby ... honey that cocksucker put a curse on my whole fuck premiere ! HOTEL guest let out a cry of shock at honey 's language . 10 . interior HOTEL lobby . 10. mayor fenwick , the middle age African american mayor wait with the PRESS . honey step off the elevator completely compose to a burst of flashbulb . honey Mayor fenwick ! libby and charle look to one another relieved as HOTEL guest stumble out of elevator , shaking they head in disgust . mayor miss whitlock , what a honor ! they pose together as PRESS snap away . honey I love what you have do with this city . mayor and Baltimore love you back ! ( take out proclamation ) I , Adam fenwick , Mayor of the City of Baltimore , do hereby proclaim April 29th to be honey whitlock Day in maryland and do command this observation to all of we citizen . whereas ... 9 11 . exterior front entrance harbor court . 11 . limo await dignitary for publicity cavalcade to Senator theater premiere . petie , a 22 - year- old hillbilly tough guy , dress in a chauffeur 's uniform sit behind the wheel of a white limousine as honey and mayor and they entourage make they way to limo follow by PRESS . petie ( look at watch and sneakily speak into walkie- talkie ) 6:41pm . ( smiling evilly ) a star be bear ... 12 . interior projection booth senator theater . 12 . sinclair steven hear petie on earphone to he walkie-talkie . sinclair ( whisper into walkie ) 10 - 4 , petie . sinclair nod gravely to lyle the projectionist who pick up a 35 mm metal film can and sneak up behind mr. stilling who be look down from projection booth to the premiere crowd fill the theater below . mr. stilling Christ , there 's what 's - she - name from E Network . look at the tit on she ! lyle hit mr . stilling over the head with the film can . sinclair ( in full command , over walkie , checking watch ) 6:43 pm . hit it , " sprocket hole . " 13 . interior senator theater . refreshment stand . 13. pam , the popcorn girl , wear ear phone , as be all the " sprocket hole " gang , grab a 9 mm gun hide underneath a mound of popcorn and quickly put it in she jacket pocket between wait on customer . pam ( into walkie ) ( more ) - 10 - 6:44 pm . by whatever mean necessary . ( to customer ) butter ? 14 . interior senator theater . 14 . cherish work with professional bartender mixing drink for a long line of benefit ticket holder . she empty last of vodka from bottle into a cocktail , squat down and add bottle to several molotov cocktail hide under the bar . pam ( into walkie ) 6:46 pm ... in the name of underground cinema ... 15 . interior senator theater . janitor' supply area . 15 . fidget hurriedly unload canister of mace from utility closet and store they in he portable trash can . fidget ( into walkie ) 6:47pm . ( chanting softly ) hey , hey , mpaa , how many movie do you censor today ? 16 . interior senator theater . left aisle . 16 . lewis , the usher , seat a studio head and he wife in a row of reserve seat with other studio type and then pretend to drop tear stub . lewis ( into walkie , as he search under seat ) 6:48 pm . a usher 's job be never do , put down the flashlight and pick up the gun ! lewis find hide gun and sneakily put it in he pocket . 17 . interior senator theater . inner lobby . 17 . chardonnay tear a ticket , and quickly pull a bullet out of she elabora6.e hairdo . - 11 - chardonnay ( into walkie ) 6:50 pm . fuck the studio system ! ( to customer ) enjoy the show . she give back stub and then load bullet into gun hide beneath tear ticket stub in she counter . chardonnay ( to next customer ) ticket , please ... 18 . cut back to exterior harbor court HOTEL . 18 . closeup of honey whitlock 's furious face as she stare in horror at await white stretch limousine drive by petie . charle what 's the matter , miss whitlock ? honey a fuck white limousine ?! libby oh nobody will know , we be in Baltimore ... honey I be not liberace 's boyfriend , for chrissake ... my contract say black limousine only ! libby the charity probably make the arrangement . it be a innocent mistake . honey ( go ballistic ) do I look like a coke dealer ? be we go to the fucking prom ?! mayor ( stepping into black limo , ) break a leg , miss whitlock ! rodney , in a panic , keep check he watch . rodney Excuse I , mar 'am , but Security 's gonna have my ass if we be late ... - 12 - honey ( turn on he with a vengeance ) do not say " ass " to I , trailer trash ! I will have you fire ! 19 . senator theater . BOX office out front . 19 . dinah be rake in the cash . ticket buyer ( handing over the money for reserve ticket ) the heart Fund must be thrilled at the turnout . dinah it 's for a wonderful cause ... thanks for you support . ( between customer , sneakily into walkie ) 7:01 pm . inch by mother fuck inch ... 20 . interior senator theater . stage area . 20 . raven , the usherette , carry another bouquet of flower to the stage and set the timer of the home - make bomb hide inside for 7:10 pm . raven ( into walkie ) 7:02 pm ... ( smiling to audience , under she breath ) when the word be give , we will seize the cinema ... 21 . cut to northern parkway , suburban throughway near 21 . Senator theater . White limousine speed to premiere with police escort . 22 . interior white limo . 22. charle the press agent , libby the assistant , and rodney the bodyguard sit in back with honey as she give a phone interview . petie the chauffeur wink sexily in rear view mirror to rodney the bodyguard , who smile back uneasily , honey ( on phone , be a star ) " some kind of happiness " be a ( more ) - 13 - screwball romantic comedy - life - affirm but realistic and to be honest , with all the misery in the world today , could not we use a little optimism in the movie ? 23 . exterior senator theater . 23 . sinclair smile evilly , hold a huge bouquet of flower as lewis greet mayor and bodyguard as they exit limo to applause from crowd . honey 's white limo pull up behind they , lead by motorcycle escort . sinclair ( into he walkie- talkie ) 7:06 pm ... the Big snatch . honey step from limo and wave like a true star to roar of approval from crowd as PRESS blind she with flashbulb . sinclair ( handing she the bouquet ) good evening , miss whitlock , and welcome to the historic Senator theater . 24 . interior senator theater . stage . 24 . mrs . mallory , a no -nonsense middle - age society type walk on stage push little william , the eleven - year - old heart Fund poster Boy who be in a wheelchair connect to breathe tube . the audience break into big applause as little william pale in stage fright and resentment . 25 . interior senator stage . audience . 25 . lewis lead a applaud mayor to he reserve seat along with bodyguard . mayor , ever the politician , shake hand with fidget the janitor . 26 . interior senator theater . stage . 26 . mrs . mallory ( at podium , into microphone ) good evening , I be sylvia mallory , Chairman of the maryland heart Fund and this be Little William ... little william glare sullenly at audience , unhappy to be there . - 14 - mrs . mallory Little William have heart surgery just seven day ago and thanks to the blood transfusion pay for by you generosity at tonight 's premiere , he 's go to be alright , be not you , Little William ? little william ( sullenly ) I do not want to be here ! mrs . mallory ( to audience as she try to hug he ) Little William 's a little grumpy ... little william ( snatch away she hand , under he breath ) get off I , ugly . mrs . mallory ( to audience ) . but he 's alive , and that 's what count ! audience applaud . 27 . interior senator theater lobby . 27 . rodney and sinclair lead honey through lobby follow by libby and charle . bartender and studio personnel applaud and snap photo as honey beam . 28 . interior senator theater . stage . 28 . mrs . mallory continue as little william glare at she in hatred . mrs . mallory and now the moment you have be wait for ! you first see honey whitlock on the screen as the lovely ingenue turn vixen in " good for nothing " ... 29 . projection booth . 29 . lyle take a big hit of pot off a bong and then pick up he gun . - 15 - lyle ( into walkie ) 7:09 pm . honey whitlock , welcome to film hell ! we see mr. stilling tie and gag behind he . 30 . interior theater . right aisle . 30 . raven seat charle and libby who look to the stage with professional pride . 31 . interior senator theater . stage . 31 . little william build in fury as he listen . mrs . mallory .and from then on it 's be hit after hit ... little william kick mrs . mallory in leg behind the podium where audience can not see . mrs . mallory ( grimace in pain ) .after hit . little william smile at she sadistically . mrs . mallory try to inch away from little william who sneakily continue to kick she . mrs . mallory . " ask the Lonely " ... " the Big hurt " ... little william kick she harder . mrs . mallory ( off mike , furiously to little william ) watch it , you little fucker ! ( back to normal ) .her oscar win performance in " forced entry " and tonight ... " some kind of happiness . " 32 . interior senator theater . back of aisle in rear 32 . of theater . honey wait for she cue to go on with sinclair and she " bodyguard " rodney . - 16 - sinclair ( into walkie ) 7:09 pm and thirty second . ( smile evilly ) 33 . interior senator theater . stage . 33 . mrs . mallory . lady and gentleman , a big Baltimore welcome for miss honey whitlock ! 34 . interior theater . 34 . Wide shot of audience erupting in applause and craning they neck as honey be lead down right aisle to stage by sinclair and rodney the bodyguard , libby and charle applaud from they seat . mayor stand and applaud . honey smile radiantly as she pass life- size promotional cut - out of herself in aisle . cut to reverse side of cut - out and we see cherish ready to light the fuse of a molotov cocktail . mrs . mallory applaud wildly from stage . fidget start play pocket pool in nervous excitement . mayor glare at fidget in prudish disbelief . little william sneer at honey 's approach with hostility . 35 . senator stage . 35 . sinclair grab oversize prop check make out to maryland heart Fund for $ 75,000 from the wing and carry it on stage as rodney the bodyguard escort honey to the podium . honey shake hand with mrs . mallory and bend down to give little william a kiss for the photographer . little william grimace and wipe off she kiss with disgust before kick mrs . mallory one last time . honey ( into microphone ) thank you ! thank you very much ! you be so kind ! - 17 - mrs . mallory sneakily disconnect a tube to little william who start gasp for air . honey I love you , baltimore ! I really do ! sinclair throw down prop check and pull a mac 10 gun honey 's head . sinclair I am cecil B. demented !... ( rip off he short - haire wig to reveal bleach punk -cut hair ) and this be a fucking kidnapping ! bomb in flower arrangement go off , send debris fly . audience hit the floor scream in panic . rodney pull a gun and fire into air as honey scream in horror . cherish throw a molotov cocktail and it explode in front of theater between stage and first row of seat , block any rescue of honey by newsteam . 36 . projection room . 36 . lyle flash cecil B. demented logo on screen and rush from projection booth . 37 . interior senator theater . stage . 37 . mrs . mallory clutches she heart in fright as little william , gasp for breath manage to plug back in tube and instantly become hateful again , enjoy the mayhem . cecil drag a scream honey off stage as rodney run interference , fire wildly over scream audience 's head . 38 . interior senator theater . snack bar . 38 . pam the popcorn girl shed she wig to reveal she bizarre short hairdo and pull gun . sinclair steven will be refer to by he terrorist name " cecil B. demented " for the rest of the script . - 18 - pam ( to horrify customer ) women in film ! pam jump over popcorn counter and karate kick two stunne cop assign to the premiere and pistol whip a third cop . 39 . interior senator theater . audience . 39 . raven , smile happily as always , quickly punch out charle , the press agent , as he try to block a photographer from get a shot of cecil drag honey up aisle towards lobby . chardonnay tackle libby , the assistant as she try to run towards honey . 40 . interior senator theater . stage . 40 . mrs . mallory collapse , have a heart attack and little william laughingly imitate she gasp of pain . 41 . interior senator theater . audience . 41 . lewis fire over mayor 's head as he rush to stage help mrs . mallory . bodyguard run for they life . fidget tear gas studio executive and they wive as they attempt to flee . chardonnay rifle pocketbook of society lady and steal they wallet as they cower in fear on the floor . 42 . interior senator boxoffice . 42 . dinah stuff cash into shopping bag , robbing the charity of its fund , pull a large gun and run out of cashier 's booth . 43 . cut back to interior senator theater . stage . 43. mayor be give mrs . mallory emergency mouth - to-mouth resuscitation as little william laugh maniacally . 44 . exterior senator theater . 44 . complete pandemonium as premiere audience come stampede out of theater in a panic . motorcycle cop escort leap from motorcycle and pull gun but petie jump from limo , grab a piece of lumber from sawhorse and knock they unconscious with - 19 - it . dinah come run , fire into the air , and throw bag of money into back of limo and jump in . cherish , lyle , raven , fidget , chardonnay and pam come charge out of theater , fire they gun to cover they escape . cecil drag honey outside , still in a chokehold as rodney fire wildly to keep anyone at bay . honey ( to horrified fan who duck for cover ) help I ! call the studio ! call jack valenti ! helllppp ! petie open the trunk of the limo and rodney and cecil throw honey inside and slam it shut . honey continue scream and bang on trunk door as cecil and gang pile into limo . cecil ( to gang ) power to the people who punish bad cinema ! petie peel out in limo as premiere guest and fan dive out of the way and gang chant " Battle of algier " - type revolutionary yell . cecil fire he gun out back window and shatter the " some kind of happiness " logo on marquee . 45 . interior speed limo . 45 . cherish lunge for cecil and they french kiss hotly . from petie 's Pov behind the wheel we see cop car # 1 with siren wail and light flash head towards premiere . in rear view mirror , petie see three other cop car speed up to Senator theater and screeching to a stop . 46 . exterior york road . NORTH of senator theater . 46 . cop car # 1 screech into a u-turn and cop in passenger side fire he gun at cecil 's limo . 47 . interior speed white limo . 46 . - 20 - back window be blast out by cop 's bullet . cecil I fuckin ' hate car chase scene ! petie ( floor the accelerator , pissed ) yeah , but " bullit " be good ! lyle snort cocaine off a coke-spoon and nonchalantly pick glass out of he hair . lyle but it lead to the " french connection . " chardonnay ( viciously ) which inspire a sequel ! lewis and lead to " smokey and the bandit " and that kinda shit ! petie see another cop car speed up behind he in the rear view mirror . dinah lean out limo window and fire gun back 'at cop car . pam ( furious ) " smokey and the bandit " even have fuckin ' sequel ... another cop car speed towards they from the front try to cut they off . petie ( insane , drive like a lunatic ) yeah , part fuck two , 1980 !... dinah ( in disgust ) part Three , 1983 ! cecil ( psychotically ) " smokey and the bandit " ruin my childhood ! cecil fire he gun in the nick of time and shatter approach cop car 's windshield . - 21 - petie make a hard right and zoom up church driveway as two cop car collide behind he . fidget cheer like a kid and start absentmindedly play pocket pool . 48 . exterior church road . 48. another cop car be speed to premiere from behind the church and almost hit the limo as petie veer right in the " V " in the road , narrowly miss a minister and a suspiciously sensitive teen as they leave the church rectory . cherish ( yelling out window ) Long live pornography ! 49 . exterior one - way STREET . 49 . petie speed limo the wrong way past one - way sign into path of oncoming speed cop car . in the nick of time , petie turn a hard leave skid around corner onto bumpy cemetery road behind church . cop car swerve right to avoid collision and careen into cable tv installation truck . cop jump out of car and start fire at limo . 50 . interior speed limo . 50 . chardonnay put tape into limo cassette player and the entire gang start sing along with original gangsta rap song entitle " she' a bankable bitch ( and we do not need no pitch ) . " 51 . exterior cemetery road . 51 . cop fire again and hit limo trunk lock . trunk door fly open and honey scream she lung out , hold on for dear life . heavy metal kide , hang out in graveyard look up and see raven yell out car window with honey in trunk . raven ( imitating " the exorcist " ) you mother suck cock in hell ! heavy metal kide look at each other in horror and run - 22 - away in fear . limo bump down road at high speed and trunk door bang shut , knock honey into submission . limo make a fast right . 52 suburban intersection . 52 traffic be stop in both lane for a red light . petie screech to a sudden stop . he check rear-view mirror and realize they have escape they police pursuer . petie ( to gang ) we do it . petie grab rodney from back seat and give he a big kiss . a suburban lady pull up in she car next to limo on right . suburban lady sinclair , be that you ? petie turn down radio and gang freeze . cecil ( suddenly turn into he old self ) hi , Mrs. waltrup . suburban lady do you win the lottery ? cecil ( politely ) no , mar 'am , we be at a movie premiere . suburban lady I do not go to the movie much , I wait for the video . cecil not I , I like the big screen . suburban lady say hello to you mom and dad for I . - 23 - cecil I sure will . suburban lady make right on red and pull off . cecil ( smugly , to gang ) caste have be complete ! petie peel out in other direction . 53 . cut to exterior " sprocket house , " a run-down , 53 . seemingly abandon warehouse in a industrial part of t:he city . the moon be full and the quiet be interrupt by faint siren in the distance . suddenly , like a low - rent bat cave , the large industrial garage door swing open and the white limo speed inside . 54 . dissolve to interior sprocket house . honey 's 54 . " dress room " ; a bizarrely decorate prison cell fit for a movie queen . honey be blindfolded , gag and tie to a director 's chair with she name print on the back , still wear she tear and soile premiere gown . lewis , now dress in terrorist punk outfit remove honey 's blindfold and gag as she sputter in terror . we see lewis have d-a-v-i-d l-y-n-c-h tattooe on he finger . honey 's e yes light up in terror as she see cecil , now attire in insane grunge cecil B. demille inspire outfit be lower by petie on jerry - rig film crane . " otto preminger " be tattooe on cecil 's bicep . cecil . hello , I be cecil B. dement and I be you new director ... honey stare in confuse horror . cecil I would like you to meet you co-star ... I call they the " sprocket hole . " honey look over in fear as the sprocket hole , now change from they theater uniform into they own scary " terrorist chic " fashion , gather around cecil in a " crew - shot from hell " pose . - 24 - cecil this be cherish ... cherish , now heavily make - up and dress " riot - girl " style , in a " sinema " T-shirt , step forward . we see " Andy Warhol " tattooe on she thigh . cherish hi , I play you in lot of porno movie . " some kind of happiness " ? I have already shot it - only it 's call " some kind of horniness . " ( proudly ) but that 's all behind I . I be a outlaw cinema girl now . cecil lyle ? lyle take a big huff of glue in plastic bag and step forward . he be dress in scarily in 1970' junky wear meet 90 's Hollywood sleaze , and sport a " herschell Gordon Lewis " tattoo across he skinny chest . lyle hi , I be lyle and I be you lead man . I have have a boner for you for year . honey pale . cecil ( get off crane and step towards honey ) do not worry , we have all take a vow of celibacy for celluloid . no one get laid until we have finish we movie . we be horny ... cherish start writhe sexily . cecil . but we film come first . cecil gently shove she away as sprocket hole undulate in sexual frustration . cecil . and now for the crew . pam the popcorn girl swagger over carry a beat- up vintage 16 mm movie camera and aim it at honey 's face . she be wear a black para-military jump suit and we - 25 - see she " Sam peckinpah " tattoo on she arm . pam I be Pam , the director of photography and you would better hit you mark ! chardonnay , now do up in outrageous homegirl gangster look , carry a old wreck nagra sound recorder and spin she microphone boom pole like lethal numchuck before raise it over honey 's head , revealing the " spike Lee " tattoo on she stomach . chardonnay .and remember - speak up , bitch ! I be chardonnay and I do the sound . lewis proudly step forward , menacingly hold staple gun like a weapon . lewis we meet . I be Lewis , the art director . I hope you will be comfortable here ... honey look around cell and see giant still blow up from she past film show she in physical and emotional distress . lewis ( moving closer ) .' cause you be not goin ' nowhere else ! he staple she gown to the chair . fidget , the grunge dweeb , dress in complete rag but look somehow great with he " William Castle " tattoo , shyly step forward , absentmindedly play " pocket pool . " fidget ( bashful ) I be fidget , the customer ... ( suddenly rip dress to give she a plunging neckline ) sorry .. . but I be gonna have to give you a new look ... raven , smile beatifically , step forward dress in a satanic robe , a invert cross necklace , pentagram jewelry and a " Kenneth anger " tattoo . - 26 - raven hi , I be raven and I be a satanist . I will be do you makeup ... honey stare back in confusion . raven you look so pale ... raven suddenly slap honey across face and honey cry out in shock . raven sorry ... but Satan say ... you need color ! rodney , the biker " bodyguard , " now in s&amp ; m leather get - up step toward honey carry a rat-tail comb and a hair dye applicator bottle . his " almodovar " tattoo be a beauty . rodney call I rodney . tomorrow I be bleach you hair out platinum and I should warn you ... I fucking hate root ! petie , the sexy hillbilly " chauffeur , " now dress in redneck militant garb and feature a " Fassbinder " tattoo , step forward . petie hey , I be petie , remember I , " the trailer trash " ? I will be you driver . I will take you anywhere ... anywhere but home !! ( laugh evilly as he caress rodney ) from behind a curtain , cover a room of lab and editing equipment come dinah , now dress in alarming vintage fashion outfit that show off she shapely but purposely hairy leg . " Sam fuller " be tattooe on she back . she wheel a tv set and vcr mount on wheel frame by little velvet curtain . dinah ( snarl to honey ) I be dinah , cecil 's prodÂ»cer and I do everything ! I have be knock down box office money from every big Hollywood hit for year to pay for this ( more ) - 27 - equipment . you fuck with I , sister , and you be dead ! ( smugly to cecil ) we make the news ... cecil nod to dinah to turn on the vcr to show clip tape from tv . newsman . so once again , we top story . sylvia mallory , the fifty - two year old chairwoman of the maryland heart Fund die tonight at Union Memorial Hospital follow a on stage heart attack she suffer in the middle of honey whitlock 's kidnap at tonight 's Baltimore movie premiere ... sprocket hole stare in amazement at tv screen , the enormity of they act barely sink in . newsman . the teenage gang of cinema terrorist who apparently infiltrate the staff of the Senator theater be now eligible for the death penalty in the State of maryland ... cecil nod to dinah to turn it off , which she do . sprocket hole gulp and look to they leader for guidance . cecil step forward , get right in honey 's terrify face . cecil miss whitlock , we be go to make we first film and nobody be go to stop we . lot of kid dream of make a movie ... sprocket hole smile in brain - wash enthusiasm . cecil . but only the one willing to dia for it succeed . honey look into cecil 's face and let out a sob of terror . - 28 - fade out . 55 . fade in to exterior " sprocket house . " next morning . 55 . we hear honey let out a fresh cry of agony . 56 . interior " sprocket house " - " hair and makeup , " 56 . a dilapidate section of the loft fill with break mirror , beat up barber chair , filthy hair drier and mangy beauty supplies . honey , tie to a barber chair , still dress in she raggedy premiere gown , moan in pain as rodney , in scary rubber fetish outfit , sadistically apply the final batch of double strength bleach to honey 's already shockingly blond hair . raven , wear another " witchy " black robe and 666 earring , finish up honey 's overly - theatrical makeup job . honey ( to rodney ) Owwww ! please ! I do not want to be blond ! rodney you be go right off the deep end of the clairol color chart ! rodney squirt on more dye . honey it 's burn my scalp ! ow ! ow ! ow ! rodney beauty come from agony ! everyone know that ! raven I have not have this much fun since my last livestock mutilation ... raven lunge towards honey 's eyebrow and painfully tweezes out a hair . honey oh God ! that really hurt ! raven " in the House of pain , there ( more ) - 29 - be 10,000 shrine . " ( giggling ) allistair crowley say that . rodney let 's wash it out ! rodney yank honey 's head back as raven pour scalding water over she head . honey ( scream in pain , sputter ) oh God , please ! ( pleading ) let I go ! I will not tell anybody about you little movie . suddenly cecil enter dress to the nine in another lunatic " movie director " outfit . he be accompany by dinah , who be even more severely dress in thrift - shop couture , carry a clip board and a stop watch . cecil ( threateningly ) . " Little " ? honey ( horrify to see he ) . I mean ... not little . . . 10 with budget . . . you know , cult . cecil good morning , miss whitlock . know you line ? honey please ... Mr. demento ? be that correct ? cecil ( testily ) demented ! honey you have the wrong star for this film ... cecil nonsense , miss whitlock ... ( threateningly ) I write the part just for you ... ( more ) - 30 - ( hear helicopter noise outside , and smile ) .and the whole world be watch ... dinah ( ignoring pass police siren outside ) even you agent can not help you now ! ( threateningly ) you're wanted in wardrobe ! 57 . interior sprocket house - " wardrobe . " a cluttere 57 . work area with pile of steal clothes spread out in disarray . insane fashion sketches of honey throw bomb , fire gun , dress in terrorist - inspire haute couture be tack to the wall . fidget be vainly try to rip off security device still attach to fake leopard military jacket . first he try pull it off with he tooth , then hit it with a hammer to no avail . fidget I hate these fucking thing ! cecil enter with honey as rodney and raven follow , continue torture honey by blow - drying she hair with malfunction , smoking hair dryer and curling she eyelash with rusty curler . cecil ah fidget . fidget , my little genius , : fidget ! fidget ( not miss a beat , to honey ) please take off you clothes . 58 . interior sprocket house . equipment area , next to 58 . " wardrobe . " pam be change the film in she change bag between she leg . she hear fidget and look up excitedly . chardonnay take off she earphone and nod to lewis who be finish up painting a van to look like a fedex delivery truck . all quickly exit . 59 . interior sprocket house - " wardrobe " rodney , raven , and fidget leer at honey who look to cecil in horror when she realize there will be no privacy . - 31 - honey ( confuse ) do I have a trailer ? ... I mean , be there a dress room ...? dinah lean over set wall from above and watch with open lesbian lust . cecil ( impatiently ) miss whitlock , we be a a schedule ... 60 . interior sprocket house - " equipment area " 60 . lewis , chardonnay , and pam run to peephole cut in " wardrobe " wall and watch honey voyeuristically from the other side . 61 . interior sprocket house - " wardrobe " honey see eyeball stare through peephole and look to cecil in sexual fear . cecil ( to honey , ever the leader ) do not worry , they be not allow any form of sexual release .:. honey nervously start to unzip she gown . sprocket hole let out a involuntary sexual moan . honey ( muttering , furious ) the screen actor Guild will hear about this and I mean it ! honey let gown fall to floor and step out of it . she be wear beautiful lingerie . fidget damn ! raven nice vessel ! fidget ( start reach into he pocket , subtly ) Excuse I , mar 'am . ( start play pocket pool ) 32 - rodney moan in sexual frustration as honey begin get dress in fidget 's costume . dinah pants from above as honey slip on tight pants . lewis , chardonnay , and pam watch from peephole , breathe hard and moan as honey slip into jacket . petie appear and jealously catch rodney try to peek down the front of honey 's jacket . rodney look away guiltily . fidget whacks and " create , " lewdly " styling " honey 's outfit . he then wheel full - length mirror to honey and signal to cecil she be ready . honey see she transformation into terrorist glamour girl for the first time . honey oh , God , I look terrible ! ( break into sob ) cecil and sprocket hole applaud triumphantly . dinah ( suddenly all business ) alright , let' lock it up ! 62 interior sprocket house . SOUND stage . 62 cecil lead honey to set , past equipment and light as sprocket hole scurry to position , adjust light , set up camera , readying prop . cecil ( to honey ) this be sprocket House , miss whitlock , think of it as you studio . they arrive at the amazingly inventive exterior set of " ritz cinema , " a tiny guild movie palace go to seed . marquee read : pasolini festival . honey stare dumbfounded . cecil can not you say good morning to Lewis ? he work hard on this set with a budget of zero . - 33 - honey good ... morning . lewis ( proudly ) all this material be steal from city - own construction site ... just for you ! we be gonna have a hit , miss whitlock ! cecil we picture be call " raving beauty . " you play the insane owner of a fail art theater who along with she film fanatic boyfriend lyle . . . lyle come on over ... lyle enter dress in hepcat 70 's junkie splendor wear . cecil .and she violence prone daughter , cherish ... cherish enter in eye-popping " super model go bad " look as honey 's eye light up in horror . honey " daughter " ?! cecil . together , the three of you vow to start a revolution to destroy mainstream cinema ... honey ( bravely ) I can not make this movie ! dinah quickly hand cecil a stun-gun . cecil you dare to tell cecil B. dement you refuse ! honey I be too young to play she mother ! cecil ( threateningly ) I know how cid you be ... - 34 - honey ( try to change the subject ) it do not feel right ... I be just not motivate ... cecil ( advance on she with stun gun ) how 's this for motivation ? huh ? cecil zap she painfully with the stun gun . honey twitches in agony and let out a painful scream . cecil there be no creative difference on a cecil B. dement set , miss whitlock . get that ? one day you will thank I for save you from you bad career . ( to lyle and cherish ) place ! ( to honey ) alright , walk - through rehearsal . dinah slam the open , hand - write , fetishistically - cover script into honey 's hand . cherish take she place in cashier 's booth as dinah drag honey inside theater door with lyle to wait for she cue . lyle take out vial of drug . lyle ( to honey ) want some ecstasy ? honey shake she head negatively in helpless horror . lyle shrug he shoulder and happily pop the pill into he mouth . cecil .and action ! cecil move around stage , make cliche director 's frame with he hand as pam and chardonnay rehearse camera and sound move behind he . all the camera equipment have " univ of md " stencile on it that have be scratch out half - heartedly . - 35 - lyle ( enter in character ) hey , cherish , it 's 8:00 . be I suppose to get this show on the screen or what !? cherish ( in character , piss ) I do not sell one ticket , lyle . nobody come ! lyle ( furious ) pasolini 's play and we have a empty theater ?! dinah push honey on stage . honey ( reading line in a monotone ) it 's that fuck new multiplex that open in the mall , be not it ? cecil 's face turn to stone as the rest of the sprocket hole watch , shocked at honey 's wooden performance . cherish I hear they be sell out last night , Mom ! lyle ( incredulous ) not for " the flintstone " !? cecil start bang he head painfully on cement wall to show he displeasure at honey 's read . honey ( still in a monotone ) somebody 's gotta pay for this insult ! honey look out and see sprocket hole aping cecil 's self - destructive review of she read ; dinah slap she own face , lewis staple he own leg ; rodney jam the sharp end of a rat-tail comb in he ear . this title will be replace by a more recent critically pan big film hit we can get the rights to . - 36 - honey ( nervously ) from the empty seat of every good movie theater in America .. petie fellate he own gun , raven close eyelash curler on she tongue . honey ( badly ) . we will rise up to take back the screen ... fidget stick a sewing needle under he fingernail . honey ( just try to finish ) death to that who support mainstream cinema ! cecil ( bang he head on wall harder , insanely ) see the pain you performance be causing I !!? honey ( finally snapping ) alright ! stop it ! please stop it ! i'll do the scene ! film it ! just get it over with ! cecil immediately stop bang he head and sprocket hole return to normal . cecil place ! lyle , cherish and honey return to start position as the rest of sprocket hole get ready to film . dinah picture's up ! ( hold up marker ) roll camera ! pam camera roll . chardonnay ( spin sound boom into position ) speed . - 37 - pam Mark it ! dinah mark the take . cecil action ! lyle ( enter in character ) hey , cherish , it 's 8:00 . be I suppose to get this show on the screen or what ? cherish ( in character ) I do not sell one ticket , lyle . nobody come ! lyle pasolini 's play and we have a empty theater ? honey enter and do the line convincingly . honey ( in character ) it 's that fuck new multiplex that open in the mall , be not it ? cecil 's eye light up in happiness at honey 's performance . cherish I hear they be sell out last night , Mom . lyle not for " the flintstone " ?! honey ( get even better ) somebody 's gotta pay for this insult ! cecil silently mouth the dialogue along with honey . honey from the empty movie seat of every good movie theater in America , we will rise to take back the screen ! - 38 - the sprocket hole watch in awe . honey death to that who support mainstream cinema ! cecil ( triumphantly ) CUT and print ! cecil and sprocket hole burst into applause . cecil that 's more like it , miss whitlock ! cherish give honey a suddenly jealous look . honey ( feeling she oat ) to be frank , cecil , I would never do this picture in my real film life . the whole message be stupid - ask theater owner in any country and they ' will tell you . Hollywood make the best film in the world and I be proud to be part of that system . cecil ( suddenly the dictator again ) let 's move on ! honey ( shocked ) what ? no coverage ? cecil the first take be the only real truth ... honey but you can not cut the film with only a master ! cecil there be no rule in outlaw cinema , miss whitlock , only edge . we believe technique to be nothing more than fail style . you see , I have have a vision ... all the sprocket hole smile like film zomby to honey . - 39 - cecil .and that vision be call " ultimate reality . " the rest of we film be shot in real life , with real people ... . and yes , with real terror . 63 . flip wipe to exterior sprocket house . industrial 63. door swing open and freshly paint phony fedex truck come speed out . honey ( voice over ) please , no ! let 's go back ! I hate location work ! 64 . interior fedex van as it drive through downtown 64 . street and enter Jones Falls Expressway . petie be behind the wheel as lyle and cherish study they line in hand - write " raving beauty " script . cecil hurriedly flip through time Magazine until he find the article he want . rodney and raven torture honey with they constant touchup as pam , chardonnay , dinah and fidget crowd in the back of van with equipment and gun as lewis read a copy of " psychotronic " magazine . rodney I see a fuck root already ! he lunge to honey 's scalp with hair dye applicator bottle . honey Owwww ! please , cecil . I be a much better actress in the studio ... cecil that 's not what time Magazine have to say . ( reading ) " miss whitlock seem a little ill at ease and past she prime to carry a picture by herself , especially one as sappy and overproduce as " some kind of happiness . " honey ( shocked ) time Magazine say that ? - 40 - lewis you picture 's gonna lose thirty million dollar . petie ( to honey ) can I ask you a question ? do you ever fuck mel Gibson ? honey ( ignoring both petie and lewis ) cecil , give yourself up ! it 's not too late ... lewis we film go into profit the day we sell the first ticket ! petie ( to honey , again ) how big be he dick , anyway ? honey ( still to cecil , refuse to acknowledge petie or lewis ) come to Hollywood with I and I promise I will get you a job as a production assistant on a real Hollywood movie . petie ( losing it ) tell I about mel gibson be dick and ball ! 65 . exterior timonium cinema . suburban chain theater 65 . in mall . " flintstone " be play in both theater . fedex van pull up out front and stop . 66 . interior fedex van . 66 . sprocket hole have gun draw and equipment ready and be ready to begin " location shoot . " cecil .and remember there be no bad take in a cecil B. dement picture - just keep the scene go lyle ( to honey , get ready to take a large capsule ) I never take this much acid ( more ) - 41 - before , so if I forget my line , honey , cue I ! ( pop pill ) cherish ( primp with fidget be help , to honey ) do my tit look ok ? they be bigger than yours , you know . honey cecil , please do not make I do this scene ... cecil you Hollywood system steal we sex and co-opt we violence so there 's nothing leave for we kind of movie ... except this ! dinah picture's up ! 67 . exterior timonium cinema . 67 . pam and chardonnay leap from the van with they equipment follow by dinah who hold marker up before van door . dinah Roll camera . pam camera roll . chardonnay speed . dinah mark the take . 68 . interior van . 68 . honey , lyle and cherish prepare to leap out of van . cecil ( smiling insanely ) action ! 69 . exterior timonium cinema . 69 . lyle and cherish leap from van with gun draw . - 42 - lyle and cherish ( chant in character ) sabotage the cinema ! take back the screen ! honey leap out with gun draw . honey ( in character , chant ) vandalize the movie ! give back the dream ! ( suddenly out of character ) this be sq stupid ... cecil leap from van follow by sprocket hole carry prop . cecil ( aiming he gun at honey , furious ) say the line the way they be write ! honey , terrify , immediately jump back into character . honey ( yelling to BOX office lady in ticket booth ) how dare you play this rotten movie ?! pam pan the camera to BOX office lady whose eye light up in fear at see the " actor " in they terrorist outfit . BOX office lady oh my God , it 's honey whitlock ! cecil ( yelling to " actor " into megaphone ) I say action ! lyle and cherish grab honey and they run toward BOX office lady . honey ( to BOX office lady ) $ 7.50 for this piece of shit ?! BOX office lady scream and lock herself inside as honey spray-paint s-h-i- T across box office glass . - 43 - macho ticket taker kid come run out . ticket taker ( to honey ) hey you ! you get a problem ? lyle ( for the camera ) feel the pain of underground film ! ( punch he ) cherish the kick of outlaw cinema ! ( kick ticket taker in ball ) lyle ( to honey , break out of character ) wow ! I be peak ! rodney , raven and fidget run to honey and touch she up and adjust costume whenever she 's off camera . 70 . interior lobby timonium theater . 70 . cecil run in front door follow by pam and chardonnay , carry old - fashioned " sun-gun " light , and still filming and recording the sound . candy counter girl look up in fear . cecil I be cecil B. dement and you be in my movie ! look in the camera and ruin a take and you be both dead ! candy counter girl get nervy , eager to be in any movie . candy counter girl a ( excite , to cecil ) do you know quentin tarrantino ? candy counter girl B ( giggling ) we love he movie . cecil no ad libbing ! ( fire gun in air ) honey enter in full character , point gun at candy counter girl . - 44 - honey ( to candy counter girl ) three dollar for a fucking candy bar ?! candy counter girl scream in real fear . dinah and lewis enter on exit side of front door and guard the " set . " lyle and cherish enter in character with they gun draw . lyle grab a over-size cup from behind counter . lyle you call that a SMALL ??!! cherish ( tasting a handful of popcorn ) this be still popped in coconut oil , isn't it ?!! cherish blast popcorn machine with gun . theater manager come run down from office . manager ( walk right into cecil be take ) hey , what 's the trouble here !? cherish glare at a large marketing booth fill with item for sale in lobby . cherish nobody need this garbage ! she overturn the booth and item crash to the floor . lyle ( to manager ) we be the ultimate bad review ! manager ( nervous , try to back away ) please ... I do not make this movie ... . I be just the manager ... chardonnay knock he out cold with one smack of she boom pole . - 45 - 71 . interior timonium theater . 71 . horribly unfunny scene from " the flintstone " be see on screen . pack audience howl in laughter . Doors to lobby fly open and cecil and he cast and crew come run in , tie handkerchief around they nose and mouth and filming the action . cecil fire he gun in air . audience turn around in confusion . cecil ( hiss to honey ) say the line ! honey ( to audience , ferociously in character ) you do not have to like this movie ! cherish ( take out a stink bomb ) ( to audience ) you 're a victim of advertising ! lyle ( lighting another stink bomb ) ( to audience ) this film stink and you know it ! lyle , cherish and honey lob stink bomb into audience . audience scream in panic as stink bomb go off , and try to run to exit , hold they nose and gag as pam and chardonnay record they every move . cecil smile in directorial lunacy as one ticket buyer vomit right in front of pam 's camera . cecil CUT ! print ! ( to honey and sprocket hole ) wrap it up and run ! cecil , he " cast and crew " take off , chant they terrorist yell . fade out . 72 . fade in to exterior sprocket house . night . 72 . we hear a cool rap song on soundtrack call " no budget . " ( " when we say action , we mean action , - 46 - nobody 's put we in turnaround " ) 73 . interior sprocket house . 73. Wild " daily " party be in progress . lyle be smoking crack and show develop footage from that day 's shoot on the wall of the warehouse as he dance lewdly with himself in place . lewis watch the " daily " as he dj 's from turntable in booth while chardonnay sexily rap the outlaw - film call - to- arm we hear on the soundtrack . petie and rodney torridly go - go dance on separate table as pam and dinah writhe sexily to the beat on the dance floor . cecil and cherish watch the gritty film rush atop cecil 's bizarrely decore crane that double as they love nest . cecil be frantically try to write he script but cherish be paw he , turn on by see herself on film . cherish come on , cecil , I want a little " action " of my own ! cecil ( gently push she away ) I be try to write , cherish ! honey , look more relaxed , with only one leg cuffed to director 's chair , watch herself on film in the arty , grainy , but very strike footage . raven do a " devil dance " with herself and ritualistically drink from a skull head . raven ( to honey ) goat urine , want some ? honey pale . raven ( happily ) it 's a Satan thing ! ( glancing at honey on film ) you be really good in we movie ! honey beam at compliment , catch herself , and smile weakly back at raven as fidget approach with a martini on a tray for honey . - 47 - fidget miss whitlock ? honey oh , craft service . thank you , fidget , but I never drink when I be work but you be very kind . do you parent know where you be tonight ? fidget they be probably mad ... honey do not you think you ought to call they ...? fidget ( faltering ) cecil say we parent be the enemy of film ... honey you know that 's nonsense ! go ahead , call they up . I bet they miss you ... lyle ruin everything by staggering over , scarily high . lyle hey honey , want some crack ? honey I most certainly do not , lyle . I can not believe you would be a drug addict in the 90' - it 's so retro . lyle before I be a drug addict , I have so many different problem , honey . now I just have one - drug . it give my life a real focus . cut to cecil on crane with cherish as they hornily watch cherish on film . cherish ( suddenly riding cecil 's leg ) how can you see I on film and not want to fuck I ?! - 48 - cecil ( moan in sexual frustration ) I s-q want to fuck you , cherish , but you know I can not ... cherish why not ?! ( proudly ) all my director fuck I ! cecil ( suddenly back in control ) I be not " all you director , " cherish . i'm cecil B. demented , the ultimate auteur ! lyle begin project the daily on the writhe body of the sexually frustrated sprocket hole . cecil ( grabbing microphone and address he follower ) soldier of cinema , save you sexual energy for the silver screen ... sprocket hole break apart and look up to cecil . cecil we footage be stronger than otto preminger 's ... cherish lick cecil 's tattoo . cecil .creepier and darker than David Lynch 's ... lewis scratch a sexual note in the music as he lust towards chardonnay who sing out a torrid moan . cecil . more exploitative than herschel Gordon Lewis . lyle hump the projector , out of he mind . cecil .and more violent than Sam fuller ..- dinah writhes in horniness , pull she pistol and fire at " the film of David lean " coffee table book she use as a target . - 49 - cecil we will rise above we raging hormone to a new level of cinema unrest ! cut to fidget sneakily dial parent on phone as honey nod she support . cecil . do whatever it take to avoid sexual release ! get as drunk as Sam peckinpah ... pam guzzle whisky . cecil as high as Rainer Werner Fassbinder !... lyle sniff fume from a aerosol can of metallic paint . cecil but stay celibate for celluloid ! cut back to fidget on phone . we see he suburban mom answer on split screen . fidget' mom ( worried ) hello . fidget ( cheerful ) Mom , it 's I , fidget . fidget' mom ( frantic ) oh God , where be you , fidget ? be you okay ? fidget I be fine . the movie 's go great , Mom ! fidget' mom ( horrified ) go great ? fidget ... you be want for murder ! cut back to cecil whc be building to a climax of brainwashing . - 50 - cecil . feel the black humor of almodovar ... rodney dance a wild s&amp ; m step and try to look petie in the eye . cecil . the satanic fury of Kenneth anger ! raven , possess by the devil , roll she eye back in devil horniness . cecil . the racial tension of spike Lee ... chardonnay let out a soulful wail as she dance in sexual abandon . cecil ( spot fidget on the phone and give he the evil eye ) .and the unashame exhibitionism of William Castle ! fidget freeze and look down at William Castle 's name tattooe on he arm . fidget' mom ( still on phone ) hello ? fidget , talk to I ! hello ? we will come and get you ! tell we where you be ! hello ? hello ? fidget hang up phone and start play pocket pool frantically . honey sigh and shake she head in disappointment . lewis ( sneak a peak at " vibe Magazine " before blurt out to cecil ) if we can not have sex , can not we at least make money ? chardonnay ( scare , but give it she best shot ) yeah , Lewis think I could have a hit record ! - 51 - cecil no , no , no , sprocket hole ! I be a prophet against profit ! and you should refuse to sully you artistic vision with financial success ! ( Wide -ey , to all ) sprocket hole , be strong ! and join I in prayer ! lewis and chardonnay give up quickly and join the other sprocket hole as they fall to they knee in cult worship . honey signal to fidget she 's change she mind - she will have the martini after all . cecil oh , Andy Warhol , we worship you from the new cinema underground ... all oh , Andy Warhol , we worship you from the new cinema underground ... honey guzzle down the martini . cherish pray the hardest , still sexually arouse . cecil .help we to use we sexual frustration as you do for the future of outlaw film ! say it sprocket hole ! honey watch , a little tipsy . all celibate for celluloid ! cecil say it again louder ! honey absentmindedly join in as she stare at herself in rush look quite stellar as , cherish eye she jealously . all celibate for celluloid . cecil light out ! - 52 - immediate black -out . 74 . slow fade - in to exterior sprocket house.sunrise . 74 . 75 . cut to interior sprocket house . 75 . sprocket hole be pass out all over loft , surround by rotting junk food , empty liquor bottle and last night 's party debris . cecil and cherish lie asleep twisted and entwine in the sheet , torture by they erotic dream . suddenly , one of cecil 's bloodshot eye open and he lurch for the microphone . cecil ( in a booming voice to all the sprocket hole below he ) hey kid ! wake up ! let 's make a mother - fuck movie ! he hit hideously loud alarm button . sprocket hole leap to they foot and stagger into film production . 76 . interior sprocket house . honey' dressing room . 76 . before she can barely open she eye , honey see rodney and raven rush towards she , they instrument of beauty torture ready . rodney ( glaring at honey 's hair ) I see that fuck brown color ... honey please rodney , that be not root - they be scab on my scalp from the dye and they be raw ! rodney sadistically squirt she root with dye as honey let out a cry of agony . raven ( smiling ) just close you eye and think of the film of George cukor . raven tweezes honey' eyebrow painfully as rodney continue to torture she hair . - 53 - honey owwww !! please ... please ... ( try a new tactic ) raven , you be a pretty girl , you could escape this madness ... raven escape to what , honey ? ( proudly ) my father be a Zo - Zo , the three - head guard dog at the gate of hell ! honey well ... I be sorry to hear that ... raven and one day I be gonna commit revolutionary suicide for celluloid ... honey ( really scare ) do not say that , raven ! tell she , rodney - no movie be worth die for ! rodney blast honey 's hair with he fiery malfunction drier as she cry out in pain . honey owwww ! rodney , why do you want to hurt I ? Gay man be suppose to be gentle ... rodney ( begins teasing honey 's hair ) that 's just it , honey ! I be not gay . I be straight and I fuck hate it ! petie love I but I can not love he back ! I have try ! I kiss he and all I feel be beard . I can't take that certain thickness in he pant ! ( sobbing ) I be so ashamed of my heterosexuality ! raven ( comforting he ) oh , it 's alright , rodney . rodney ( suddenly snap back into meanness ) ( more ) - 54 - that 's why some day I gotta hurt people . ( start brush out honey 's tease hair brutally ) honey owwwww ! raven it 's not honey 's fault . rodney make they pay for I think about pussy ! rodney rip out a clump of honey' tease hair with brush . honey oh God , stop ... raven ( to rodney ) no one choose to be heterosexual . honey know that . rodney ( in a rage ) i'm straight ! and I hate ! so just get used to it , honey whitlock ! he blast the blow drier on finish hairdo and flame singe she neck . honey ahhhhhhhhh ! cecil enter , now dress in a even more elaborate cecil B. demille - inspire movie director outfit . petie , act as bodyguard , leer at rodney who let out one final sob of frustration as dinah , change into another alarming retro fashion number wheel in she portable tv monitor and vcr . cecil good morning , miss whitlock . honey ( sobbing ) cecil , I want to go back to Hollywood ! - 55 - cecil whatever for ? you old career be over . . . but you comeback have just begin ... cecil nod to dinah to start tape and we see a teenage boy on news in front of vandalize timonium theater . teenage boy . I be in the audience when they attack and I will tell you . . . honey whitlock be awesome ! honey look in confusion to cecil who smile proudly back . tape jump to a different news show show teen girl , wear a handmade " cecil rule " T-shirt . she stand out front of the popular local art house , the Charles theater . teen girl I think honey whitlock be right - most film suck and it 's time somebody do something about it ... honey catch herself half smile at the favorable mention . tape cut to timonium theater manager , he head now bandage . theater manager . nobody force she to be in that movie , I could see that , but she be damn good ! scarier than hell , if you ask I ! she look different from she other film , too ... I do not know ... young . honey 's face light up but cecil quickly bring she down to earth . cecil there be still some people who do not understand we work ... dinah zap on tv and we see middle - aged man in suit behind podium at press conference . subtitle identify he as " maryland film commissioner . " dinah ( seething ) and this be live ! - 56 - sprocket hole watch in suspicion . film commissioner cecil B. dement , the maryland Film Commission refuse to be intimidate by you pathetic gang of cinematic misfit ... sprocket hole let out a howl of disgust as honey pale . 77 . cut to " pride of baltimore , " a tall tourist 77 . attraction dock in the Inner Harbor , the popular retail area on the water near the Convention Center . the " Hollywood oyster bash " be in progress as film commissioner continue he speech . film commissioner . that 's why we be here today on " the pride of Baltimore " to celebrate location shoot in maryland with many of the brave production and studio head from out of state who also say no to cinema terrorism . applause . 78 . interior sprocket house . 78 . honey gulp in a new find fear as she see the rage building on cecil be twisted face . cecil i. .have ...a... vision ... sprocket hole gather around he in militant enthusiasm . cecil . and this time somebody might have to die ! 79 . wipe to exterior sprocket house . 79 . Doors swing open and cecil 's speed van , drive by petie and now hurriedly paint over to resemble utz potato chip delivery vehicle , fly out and careen around the corner . 80 . interior van . 80. - 57 - cecil be hastily re-writ he script in long - hand and as soon as he finish a page , dinah snatch it and pass it out to honey , lyle and cherish who be now dress in fidget be newest terrorist costume . the rest of the sprocket hole , dress in caterer 's outfit , huddle in the back of the van prepare the film equipment . rodney and raven , as always , touch up honey . cecil ( finish up last page of script , to honey , lyle and cherish ) ok , in this scene you guy be the avenge angel of underground cinema ... lyle we will let this fat cat producer know ! cherish yeah , that maryland be not safe for they kind of movie ! honey cherish , this be America . they have the freedom to make bad film if they so desire ... cecil not anymore they do not ! cherish ( suddenly testy , to honey ) you think just ' cause you make " real " movie that you be better than I , do not you ? honey oh , please ... cherish do you know with I become a porno star ?! sprocket hole groan , they have hear it before . cecil ( to honey ) cherish have recover memory . - 58 - cherish ( to honey ) when I be ten year old my entire family fuck I under the Christmas tree ... honey ( stammering ) I be .. . so sorry . cherish I guess you be . " jingle ball , jingle ball , " my stupid brother start sing . you think that 's funny ? honey no ... not at all . cecil it 's all behind you now , cherish . ( look out window ) we be here ... ( evilly ) .and we be makin ' movie ! 81 . pride of baltimore . 81. guest drink champagne , hob - nob with Hollywood type and suck down oyster . film commissioner be still speak . film commissioner ask anyone who 's shot they film in maryland ! we have the exact location you need for you next production ... 82 . exterior pride of baltimore . 82 . sprocket hole disguise as caterer hop out of utz potato chip truck with film equipment hide in catering box and rush aboard ship past security guard . on other side of van exit lyle , cherish and honey as cecil lead they towards abandon pier building next to ship . cherish ( continue she story ) " fuck she ! " yell my grandmother . ( to honey ) ( more ) - 59 - how would you like that if it happen to you ?! honey ( speechless ) i. .would not . cecil it 's ok , cherish . this way .. lyle hey honey , nervous ? wanna try some " special k " ? honey I be work , lyle ! 83 . interior abandoned pier build . 83 . cecil , honey , lyle and cherish rush in . cherish " human pile , " scream my grandfather as they all jump on ! do you know what a human pile be ?! cecil lead they up rickety step to second floor trap door . lyle I do ! honey I . . I can figure it out ... 84 . " pride of baltimore " deck . 84. guest suck down oyster in graphic montage . film commissioner . from mountain to beach ... small town to urban setting ... oyster shucker go to get more oyster in kitchen and dinah jump he from behind hold a shucker to he neck . film commissioner . the maryland Film Commission pledge to work with state and federal agency ... a waiter open closet door and pam punch he in - 60 - the mouth , pick up a tray of oyster and start serve . film commissioner . to make you shoot here in maryland ... producer and studio execs suck down oyster from pam 's tray . film commissioner .as inexpensive and trouble free as possible ! chardonnay hit waitress over head with boom pole and grab another tray of oyster . film commissioner that 's why we call Baltimore " the Hollywood of the East " ! producer and studio execs applaud as film commissioner take he seat . 85 . interior second floor , abandoned pier build . 85 . a large window overlook Film Commission party below . cecil , honey , cherish and lyle climb out of trap door . cherish ( climax she tirade to honey ) my father sat on my face as he opened he christmas present ! honey ( suddenly skeptical ) oh , really ! be you sure this stuff really happen ? cherish ( in a sudden rage ) yes it really happened ! " oh santa why hast thou forsaken I ? " I scream ... ( to cecil ) but â£ie . doesn't believe I ! honey I . . I believe you . - 61 - cecil ( losing patience ) shut up , cherish . I have tell you . that's all over with ! save you rage and use it in the cinema ! cherish suddenly quiet down in fear . cherish ( meekly ) yes , cecil ... cecil ( preoccupied ) now honey ... I want you to do a little stunt for this scene ... honey ( alarm ) a what ? cecil a simple little stunt . honey it do not say anything about a stunt in you rewrite . cecil ( to honey ) see Pam ? honey look down to pam , and see pam put gaffer 's tape mark on deck of ship . 86 . " pride of baltimore " deck . 86 . pam , wear earphone , look up at cecil and honey in window and nod gravely . another caterer look quizzically at pam , not recognize she . he then see dinah shuck oyster and realize something be wrong . he spot a mobile phone on table . 87 . cut back to interior second floor abandoned pier . 87 . cecil ( to honey ) that 's you mark . when you hear " action , " jump through the window , and land face Pam 's camera . - 62 - honey ( looking down ) but cecil , surely you realize I could be injure ... cherish suffer for celluloid ! honey maybe with a air bag or some kind of safety precaution ... lyle just call I irresponsible ... ( snort a line of special k ) cherish outlaw cinema have no limit ! cecil ( smiling , to honey ) prove yourself , honey . honey spot a marine police boat quickly darting behind " pride of Baltimore , " fill with marine police . honey ( realizing this could be she only chance ) alright , cecil . I be a professional ... Roll the camera . cecil ( hiss excitedly to cherish and lyle , and hand they script ) place , you fool ! cherish and lyle rush to scurry back down step . cecil hand honey a grenade and a gun . cecil do not worry , they be just prop . after you first line , throw the grenade at the Film Commission . nobody will get hurt . honey but there be bullet in this gun ... - 63 - cecil blanks ... trust I honey . honey gulp . cecil ( into walkie ) lock it up ! 88 . " pride of baltimore " 88. petie and lewis jump security guard guard gang - plank to party . rodney and raven , clutching they beauty supplies in they tooth like pirate , climb up rope ladder on side of ship and peer aboard . 89 . " pride of baltimore " deck . 89 . pam and chardonnay put down serve trays and pull out camera and sound equipment . dinah throw down shuck knife and take out clapboard from under oyster bar . 90 . interior second floor abandoned pier . 90 . honey be practice and try to get up she nerve . she run to window , stop , go back and run up again , get she rhythm . 91 . " pride of baltimore " deck . 91 . pam ( into walkie ) camera roll . chardonnay speed . dinah mark the take . party guest fix they hair , smile , think they be in a promotional film . 92 . interior second floor abandoned pier . 92 . cecil ( lovingly , to honey ) I kidnap the right star , do not I ? honey smile weakly . - 64 - cecil ( sexily ) action ! honey run and jump through window . 93 . deck of " pride of baltimore . " 93 . honey come crash down in a hail of break glass and land directly on she mark hold she grenade . party guest scream in panic and try to escape but petie , dinah , fidget and lewis block every exit with draw gun . honey , bleed from tiny cut look up to cecil be directorial glare and realize she be suppose to act . honey ( in character , to table full of terrify producer head by Film commissioner ) which one of you asshole insulted we movie ?! ( to film commissioner ) be it you ?!! film commissioner no ...please ... I be only follow studio order . honey throw what she think be she " prop " grenade . the film commissioner dive out of the way and it explode . honey , horrify that the " effect " be real look up to cecil but he have vanish . suddenly cecil enter the ship " direct " through megaphone . cecil all extras - keep eat the oyster or you will be shot and kill ! dinah ( shove party guest toward camera ) I say background action ! - 65 - panicked party guest immediately slurp down oyster in gastronomic detail for pam be camera . cherish and lyle , enter ship on cue in character , with gun draw . lyle ( grabbing producer B ) do not you produce that foreign language hit that be remade badly in English ? producer B I have to . you know american audience will not watch subtitles ! lyle overturn bar table , send bottle crash . cherish ( firing gun in air , point it at studio exec a ) do not you just greenlight another new movie base on a video game ? studio exec a it be not my idea ... I be just a vice president of creative affair ! we see marine police silently pull up to " pride of baltimore . " honey aim gun at producer C , terrify the gun be as real as she grenade be . producer C ( begging ) no , please do not shoot I ! I do not even go to the movie ... cecil ( to honey ) do it . marine police suddenly open fire on sprocket hole . rodney be instantly kill as he mix honey be hair dye . petie 's face turn to stone at see he dead " boyfriend . " honey scream , think she be be rescue as raven bravely try to touch up she makeup . - 66 - honey ( to cop ) help ! it be I ! honey whitlock ! cecil ( furious , to honey ) nobody say CUT ! petie fire gun and kill cop who shot rodney . party guest and studio execs dive under table or jump overboard . lyle be suddenly so stone that he can not move . lyle help I , cherish . I be stick in a k -hole and I can not get out ! cherish , fire she gun wildly , run to lyle and manage to pull he " off set " as honey freeze in terror decide between she director or the police . chardonnay fire she gun and accidentally blast she ear over earphone and lunge to turn down volume control on she nagra . pam ( struggle to continue filming while fire she gun ) hold still for focus ! fidget play pocket pool while fire away , hit a few cop . cecil ( to honey as he fire he gun ) finish the fucking scene ! honey ( suddenly jump back into character ) bad movie must be avenged ! honey fire gun at producer c. producer C clutches he stomach and double over . honey cover she mouth in real horror . instantly producer C recover , realize the bullet be a blank . - 67 - cecil smile benevolently at honey . cecil ( dodging bullet , happy ) that be a CUT ! cecil be shot in the leave shoulder by police . honey kiss raven goodbye and make a break for it and run towards marine police . honey don't shoot ! I be honey whitlock and I have be kidnap ! honey be shocked when the police tackle she and place she under arrest . dinah grab film commissioner and use he as a human shield as she fire away , hit several cop . film commissioner no ! no ! we'll go to sundance together , I promise ! cecil , clutching he shoulder wound , look up in shock to see honey be drag off ship in handcuffs as police read she she miranda rights . honey ( in a star fit ) get off I ! don't you know who I am ? i'll have you fire ! i'm a oscar winner ! cecil ( horrify to lose he star ) hoooonnneeeeyyy ! as honey be roughly shove in back seat of cop car , sprocket hole open fire and blast out back window . honey ( Fighting cop , look back to " set " ) help I cecil ! help ! cop car pull out : siren wail . .94 cut to eastern avenue , main thoroughfare of east 94 baltimore . helicopter shot of speed police car take honey - 68 - to jail , speed in and out of traffic . 95 interior cop car . 95 . honey be a wild animal , kick , bite and struggle with cop . honey attica ! rodney king ! david begleman ! suddenly we see the utz potato chip truck pull up next to speed cop car . petie be at the wheel . Van door slide open and there be pam and chardonnay aim the film equipment as dinah be ready to mark the take . sprocket hole , nursing they wound , but still obsessed , aim gun at cop . cop look over in total shock at cecil , bleed and injure but ready to direct . they fumble for they weapon while still battle honey . dinah picture 's up . pam Roll camera . chardonnay speed . dinah mark the take . cecil it 's you closeup , honey ! action ! cop fire at cecil but petie swerve the van expertly to make they a hard target . sprocket hole shoot back but they be beginning to run out of ammunition . honey ( snap into character ) long live guerilla filmmaking ! cecil ( ducking bullet but smiling happily ) CUT ! - 69 - cecil fire and shoot out front tire of cop car . 96 exterior grand theater . 96 . marquee read " family film only - no NC - 17 , X or r-rated film ever shown " follow by the title of the Disney -esque current attraction . cop car careen into boxoffice booth of theater and crash into lobby as family with child scatter in fear . cecil leap from the van with gun draw and run to cop car as sprocket hole pile out of van . 97 interior grand lobby . 97 . cop car be wreck , smoke pour out of the engine . both cop be bleed and unconscious . honey be injure but alive and struggle to climb out of car handcuff as raven rush to touch she up and honey eagerly embrace she . cecil ( to family , aim gun in the air ) I am cecil B. demented , the enemy of family film ! he fire gun in air but he be out of ammunition . family jeer , refuse to be intimidate . family man a you couldn't direct traffic , hack ! family lady B go back to film school , stupid ! family boy a straight to video ! that's what you be ! dinah shrug that she , too , be out of bullet . cecil ( beginning to panic ) Film this fucker , Pam . dinah picture 's up . - 70 - family man a we do not want to be in you sick little movie ! pam camera roll . family girl a yeah , pay we , cheapskate ! chardonnay speed . family lady a I I be not anybody 's extra ! cecil action ! family lady a I be sick of violence ! family girl a I hate the f-word ! lyle ( in character , try to keep the scene go ) yeah ? well you movie bite the big one ! family start throw they concession stand candy at lyle , cecil and sprocket hole and advance towards they . cherish ( in character ) we want frontal nudity !! family howl in anger , cover they child 's ear and continue forward in a angry mob . cecil ( beginning to retreat , to honey ) keep the scene go ! family lady a you stink honey whitlock ! honey ( nervously to cecil ) but cecil ... you do not write I any dialogue ... - 71 - cecil you be one of we now , you know what to say ! family man B I walk out of you film on airplane ! honey get hit in the head with a jujy fruit . honey owwww ! ( suddenly snap into character ) family be just a dirty word for censorship ! family ' eye light up in rage as they charge cecil , honey and sprocket hole , pelting they with they concession candy . completely outnumber , and out of ammunition , cecil realize they have better run for they life . cecil CUT ! moving on ! cecil and sprocket hole take off with family in hot pursuit . 98 . exterior " patterson theater . " around the corner 98 . from the " Grand theater . " marquee announce " admission one dollar all time " and list three recent Jackie Chan film title . cecil and he sprocket hole round the corner and stop in happiness at see the theater . cecil smile in relief and beckon he gang to follow as family gain on they in fury . 99 . interior patterson theater . 99 . intense karate fight scene finale be on screen as pack audience of inner city action fan watch on the edge of they seat , cheer they hero Jackie Chan . suddenly cecil run into front of theater through fire door with honey and sprocket hole . cecil action fan ! help US ! 72 - the entire audience of tough action fan leap to they foot . family rush into theater and freeze in horror at the sight of action fan . as karate mayhem rage on screen , action fan attack family with karate chop and family turn in they track and run for they life . honey be mobbed by action fan who beg for autograph . honey sign , confuse but willing . 100 . exterior patterson theater . 100 . hiway Film Delivery truck be park and uniform driver be unload 35 mm film can into lobby . petie and lewis run outside . petie cecil B. demented want you keys ! driver fuck he ! he will never get distribution ! lewis wanna bet ?! lewis give a expert karate chop to driver who in turn use a few quick karate move of he own on lewis . petie jump in and pick up driver and throw he into display case out front of theater , smash the glass and knock driver unconscious . 101 . interior theater . 101 cecil pull honey away from autograph seeker to escape but stop and pose with honey for a celebrity polaroid with a bunch of action fan . 102 . exterior patterson theater . 102 petie be gun the motor of hiway Film Delivery truck with lewis aboard as driver lie unconscious on ground . cecil , honey and sprocket hole come run out of theater and pile on to truck as action fan chase after they , cheer and begging for autograph . - 73 - petie peel out the truck , as one diehard fan keep run along so honey can finish signing she signature , hang out the back of truck . fade out . 103 . fade in to exterior sprocket house . night . 103. we hear a jazzy , gospel - influence rap song be dj would by lewis and sung by chardonnay on soundtrack entitle " dement forever . " 104 . interior sprocket house . 104 . petie , dress in mourn , brand cecil on the arm with the cecil B. demented logo as sprocket hole lie exhaust , await they turn for the brand , nursing they wound , load they gun , and eat junk food . cecil , bandage , filthy , wide - eye in directorial fanaticism rant to he follower below . cecil . the slash and burn of the white hot metal will brand you forever with the logo of cecil B. dement ... wear the privileged scar of cinema sainthood with pride and horniness ... lyle project the daily of the day on wall as he pop percodan . honey , out of she cell and unguard for the first time , watch she " stunt " footage with pride as she get the vodka bottle from they filthy dirty freezer and go about the ritual of make the perfect martini . lewis , proudly display he brand , dj 's the music as cherish writhes in a sexy go - go dance for cecil . chardonnay painfully caress she fresh brand and wail out the chorus of " dement forever . " honey empty ice tray into martini shaker . cecil . there be no such thing as family . we be the orphan of cinema and without we movie , we do not exist !... petie approach cherish with the red hot brand and she eagerly stick out she . arm . - 74 - cherish my real life begin in the cinema ... petie brand cherish 's arm . cherish ( writhing in pleasure ) and it will end in the cinema ! sprocket hole ( sing along with chardonnay ) demented forever ! petie turn to pam , dinah and lyle with brand iron . pam ( holding out she arm bravely ) from the valley of Lebanon ... petie brand she arm and she laugh at the pain . dinah .to the jungle of Cuba ... petie brand she arm and she smile in fanaticism . lyle ( shoot up in he leg ) Film revolutionary can never be stop ! petie brand he but lyle feel no pain . sprocket hole ( sing along with chardonnay ) demented forever ! shot of honey pour vodka into shaker . rodney turn to raven whose eye light up in satanic glee . cecil ( squeeze out the bullet from he injury ) . rodney die for the root of cinematic rebellion ... honey stop make martini and quickly check she hair to see if any dark root be show and smile at raven . - 75 - cecil .and he 's now in cinema hell where one day we will all be reunite . rodney brand raven . raven ( eye roll back in head ) pleasure be pain ! slavery be freedom ! suicide for satan ! honey scientifically add one drop of vermouth to martini shaker and look up sharply at the mention of suicide and give raven a stern but motherly disapprove look . raven look away guiltily , feel honey 's influence . lewis ( blurting out ) but we film could be a hit even after we be dead , right , cecil ? cecil smile egotistically and join in chant with zombie-like sprocket hole . cecil and sprocket hole demented forever ! a distract honey expertly shake she martini happily . petie turn towards fidget with the brand and fidget begin play pocket pool frantically in fear . honey take chill martini glass from freezer . cecil see fidget 's fear and nod to dinah to turn on video footage with remote . fidget look sad to see he parent flash on the tv screen tape from wjz tv news show . fidget' mom . fidget be a good boy and we love he ... fidget' dad . and we will stand behind we son no matter what he 's do . fidget ( suddenly brave , to petie ) no ! I want to go home ! ( more ) - 76 - ( to cecil ) I don't want to be in show business anymore ! sprocket hole freeze in horror at fidget be disloyalty and stare at he in cult pressure . honey pop a olive into martini glass and look up in surprise . cecil ( to fidget ) I know you be the weak one , fidget . ( eye widen in hypnotic frenzy ) but just remember - you parent like " godzilla " ! lyle they would not let you see r-rated film as a child ! dinah they have never be to a midnight movie ! fidget start to crack as he hand creep in he pocket . chardonnay they enjoy classic tv sitcom turn into feature length film ! cherish they have never rent a porno movie ! fidget start whack nervously . cecil ( right in fidget 's face ) and to top it off ... they talk out loud in the theater once the feature have begin ! sprocket hole grimace in horror . even honey shake she head in disgust as she pour martini into glass . honey that really be unforgivable , fidget ! - 77 - fidget look around at the brainwash face of he disgust , judgmental cult and crumble . honey greedily gulp down she martini . fidget ok ! ok ! my parent be the enemy of film ! do it ! petie brand fidget as cecil smile victoriously . honey , slightly tipsy , join the sprocket hole in sing the refrain . all demented forever ! cecil turn to honey as petie brandish the red hot iron . cecil and you ... honey ? honey no , cecil ... cecil nod to dinah who play the tape . honey see she ex-husband , a handsome movie star on screen with jay leno on " the tonight show . " ex-husband well , I be marry to she for seven year so I know just how nut honey whitlock be ... jay leno and studio audience howl in laughter . honey stare at tv , betrayed as raven gently put she t arm around she in comfort . raven Satan love you , honey , and so do i. tape cut to libby , honey 's assistant , talk to entertainment tonight . subtitle on tv read " honey whitlock 's personal Assistant . " libby . honey whitlock be always attract to the wrong kind of man . it would not surprise ( more ) - 78 - I if she be in on she kidnap from the very beginning . she would do anything for sex ... honey howl in indignation as lyle give she a funny look . fidget pour she another quick martini . cecil ( to honey ) you be not see nothing yet ! tape cut to film commissioner , bandage but defiant . film commissioner ( look into camera ) cecil B. dement , you can never stop Hollywood ! the maryland Film Commission be pleased to announce there will be nna delay in tomorrow 's once - secret start date for the 65 million dollar , shot-entirely-in-baltimore sequel to the oscar-winn masterpiece , " forrest gump " ... sprocket hole let out a cry of horror . film commissioner . " gump again . " cecil 's face turn to pure horror . film commissioner .starr Michael J. Fox ! tape cut to michael J. fox dress in forrest gump look . subtitle read " live in Baltimore . " michael J. fox . I think I speak for every member of the Academy of the Arts and Sciences when I say : honey whitlock , you be a disgrace to the Hollywood community ! honey sputter in fury as raven pat she affectionately . hopefully play by the real actor . - 79 - cecil ( to honey ) say it ... honey downs martini and , tremble in anger , put out she arm for the brand . honey ( lose it , crossing over ) demented forever ! petie brand honey 's arm as she grit she tooth bravely and sprocket hole cheer . honey ( in a new militant fury ) this time , .1 have a fuck vision ! cecil 's eye light up in madman glee . 105 . cut to exterior " studio twelve , " the one 105 . professional sound stage in Baltimore locate in the picturesque downtown neighborhood of fell Point . next day . a giant film crew , all wear " gump again " t-shirt , hustle and bustle on the first day of the film shoot , haul expensive film equipment inside , set up catering truck , craft service table and the temporary dining area for the entire film company . teamster oversee crew truck , honey wagon and the star trailer , all the while guard the set from any outside trouble . in the foreground , the hiway Film Delivery truck pull up , hastily paint over to read " rhebs chocolate . " we see petie behind the wheel , disguise in delivery uniform . teamster a step over to check security . teamster a ( gruffly ) can I help you ? petie we get a delivery for Michael j. Fox from paramount studios . ( proudly ) largest box of chocolate we ever make . - 80 - 106 . cut to interior truck . 106 . honey , freeze in suspense , sit dress in the most frightening of fidget 's terrorist couture getup yet , clutching she weapon . lyle ( in a " dump the gump " guerrilla jumpsuit ) and cherish ( scarily dress in skimpy revolutionary uniform ) sit with the rest of the sprocket hole , all clutching film equipment and gun . cecil grin like a lunatic as pam and chardonnay aim the camera and sound boom at the door . dinah hold clapboard . 107 . cut back to exterior truck . 107 . teamster a ( suspiciously ) I be gonna have to check you truck out ... petie ( nonchalantly ) sure ... ( hop out of vehicle to OPEN door ) . you never know what you be go to find inside ... petie slide truck door open and there be sprocket hole point gun and camera . cecil action ! teamster a freeze in shock . petie quickly pull out stun gun and zap teamster a in neck . lewis and dinah yank teamster a 's twitching body inside truck and petie quickly slam door shut . 108 . interior " studio twelve . " giant sound stage . 108. famous park bench set of " forrest gump . " michael J. fox , dress in character sit on park bench in front of elaborate back drop painting of the Baltimore skyline . electrics scurry about tweak the light . hair and makeup people touch up the star as prop master hand michael J. fox a crab cake platter and paper plate for the scene . - 81 - director , a Hollywood type , look up to european director of photography and he focus puller atop titan crane . director you okay , Jean -pierre ? - need another camera rehearsal ? d.p. no sir . we be set ! 109 . cut to interior " studio twelve " entrance . 109 . teamster be play card , read " the Racing form . " suddenly petie appear from back hallway and pistol whip teamster B who be suppose to be guard the door . as teamster leap to they foot , lewis , dinah and fidget rush in front door with gun draw . dinah we be non-union and we be take over this movie ! 110 . interior " studio twelve . " set . 110 . director return to he director 's chair in front of video assist monitor next to he script supervisor . director ok , let 's shoot this sucker . michael J. fox you get it . 111 . interior " studio twelve . " perimeter of set . two production assistant listen to walkie-talkie . a.d. ( over walkie ) lock it up ! p.a. # 1 lock it up ! lyle tap p.a. # 1 on shoulder . he turn around and lyle punch he in the mouth . cherish grab walkie out of stunne p.a. # 2 's hand and smack he in the face with it , knock he out . - 82 - 112 . interior " studio twelve " entrance . 112. lewis and fidget tie up and gag the last of the teamster they have overtaken . lewis spot a issue of " variety " and sneak a look inside before rush inside studio with fidget . 113 . interior " studio twelve . " off set leave . deep in 113 . cable and camera equipment . first a.d. picture 's up ! dinah strangle first a.d. from behind with she low - tech clapboard . 114 . interior " studio twelve . " near set . 114 . fidget and lewis sneak up on grip as they tweak the light and knock they out by hit they over the head with c-stand . 115 . interior " studio twelve . " off set right . other 115 . side of flat . cecil and pam scurry up scaffold to the top of flat overlook " gump set . " 116 . interior " studio twelve . " on set . 116 . hair and makeup finish michael J. fox 's last minute touch - up and run off set . raven and rodney jump hair and makeup from behind and drag they behind flat where lyle , cherish and honey wait as fidget adjust honey 's costume . 117 . interior " studio twelve . " off set leave . 117 . dinah have take over first a.d. job . dinah ( into walkie ) Roll camera ! 118 . interior " studio twelve . " on set . 118. crane be raise by operator on ground to the top of the set . cecil and pam be on scaffold on other side , wait to strike . d.p. camera roll ! - 83 - cecil and pam stun gun the d.p. and focus puller , throw they body off crane and onto scaffold on other side of set wall . director ( hear a noise ) can I have fucking quiet ?! SOUND man speed ! chardonnay pull gun on stupefy SOUND man as he listen through earphone on the side of the set . petie pistol whip the crane operator . cecil , finally atop a real professional film crane , lick it in sudden sexual passion . pam ( disgustedly , look through panavision camera , disguise she voice like a man ) Mark it ! camera assistant mark the take . director action ! michael J. fox munch a crab cake on park bench as scene begin . a large lady sit next to he on bench . michael J. fox hi , I be forrest gump ... large lady that 's a damn shame ... michael J. fox you want some of my crab cake ?... cecil jam he finger in he ear and twist he face in agony at hearing the dialogue as pam nervously operate a panavision camera for the first time . cecil catch she secret enjoyment of the high - tech equipment and give she a furious look . petie expertly lower they down on crane , mimick the original open shot of " forrest gump . " - 84 - director happily watch the shot in he video monitor without look up . large lady ( to michael J. fox ) I do not eat scavenger . you know what crab eat ? Fish fece . michael J. fox ( in character ) well , my mama always say " gump happen . " shucks , I guess life be like a crab cake , there 's good stuff inside but it 's surround by a lot of crap . cecil CUT ! director ( look up in shock ) what the hell ? cecil I I be cecil B. dement and this picture be terminated . pam shove panavision camera off crane and it just E miss director as it smashes to floor . director ( horrify but be a hero ) get off my set ! now ! lewis push over a giant light that just miss a terrify michael J. fox and large lady as it crash to set . director ( bravely ) nobody can stop the popularity of " forrest gump . " chardonnay smile evilly and smashes the SOUND man 's expensive state - of - the - art sound recorder . 119 interior " studio twelve . " entrance . 119 teamster , now conscious , be struggle to free one another from sprocket hole restraint . teamster B . Fucking little scab ... - 85 - teamster C we will get they little 16 mm ass . teamster D ( get hand free ) I get it ! teamster C nobody fuck with the International Brotherhood of teamster ! 120 . cut back to interior " studio twelve . " on set. 120. cecil and pam be atop crane with they 16 mm camera . pam Mark it ! fidget hold a terrify michael J. fox and large lady at gunpoint as dinah mark the take by suddenly bang director be head on pole . pam take one ! cecil action ! honey , lyle and cherish enter , in costume , in character , point weapon . honey ( growl scarily , to michael J. fox ) I fucking hate forrest gump ! michael J. fox ( pleading ) i. .only take the role that I be offer , mar 'am . director be you this desperate for publicity , honey whitlock ? honey ( aiming gun at director ) don't step on my line , asshole ! 121 . interior " studio twelve . " off set . 121. - 86 - teamster B , C , D &amp ; E be run to set , toss gun to each other . 122 . cut back to interior " studio twelve . " on set . 122. lyle ( point gun at large lady ) no more per diem ! large lady please ... I be a local hire - do not kill I ! cherish ( to terrify crew ) no more meal penalty ! shop steward yes , mar 'am . we be off the clock ... honey ( to director ) and no more free food at international film festival for you either - hack ! director ( tremble in fury ) the director Guild of America will bring down they swift sword of justice on you rank amateur ! suddenly teamster B open fire and shoot lyle in the back of the head right in the middle of cecil 's take . michael J. fox and director dive for cover under park bench as large lady run for she life . lyle ( mumbling in death ) drug .. . give I drug ... raven run forward with a bottle of popper and give lyle a snort . he smile and twitches in final death rattle . cecil ( always the director , happy ) it 's ok ! we get it on film ! ( to honey ) keep go ! 87 - pam ( frantically adjust she lens ) vision of light ! honey gulp as bullet whiz around she head and then jump right back into character . honey death to all who be cinematically incorrect ! ( fire she gun in air ) cecil ( to teamster ) that means you , fucker ! cecil fire he gun and kill teamster B. cecil be shot in the chest by teamster C and fall to F he knee in great pain . pam pan the camera back to teamster C and shoot she gun and kill he . cherish run to crane and hop on with cecil and shoot at teamster D &amp ; E who rush in . dinah see that cecil have be hit and a look of fury sweep over she face . cecil fire gun at teamster F , G &amp ; h as they flood the set . fidget fire he gun at teamster F with one hand and play pocket pool with the other hand . he be shot in pocket pool hand by teamster G and look down , stunne at he injury . petie maneuver the crane from below with amazing skill to dodge the bullet as cecil and cherish fire back at teamster G &amp ; h , and pam continue to film . pam be shot in stomach by teamster G. lewis staple gun teamster F right in the neck with multiple staple . chardonnay hurl a expensive microphone at teamster h just as he be about to shoot she and then continue recording the sound on she own equipment . chardonnay wild SOUND ! - 88 - suddenly teamster D jump from trap door in set floor with gun aim at honey . cherish fire she gun in the nick of time and kill teamster D and save honey 's life . honey lock eye with cherish in a newfound thespian bond . honey , fidget and raven crawl off set as bullet fly over they head . cecil , pam and cherish be cornere by teamster E , G &amp ; h who advance on crane with draw gun . petie throw he hand in the air . cecil fire but he be out of ammunition . dinah frantically reload she weapon . cherish fire but then she too be out of ammunition . pam continue to film , bleed badly from she wound . dinah suddenly run in front of cecil in a kamikaze action and open fire kill teamster E , G &amp ; H. cecil grab honey and all sprocket hole manage to escape set before teamster F , badly injure with staple in neck , stagger to he foot and mow down dinah in a hail of bullet . cecil 's eye light up in horror at see dinah 's corpse . cecil dinnaahhh ! 123 exterior " studio twelve . " 123 a badly injure and distraught cecil stagger outside with honey and what 's leave of he wounded sprocket hole , and they limp up the street . cherish race ahead and turn the corner just as bleed teamster F stagger out of studio and collapse . teamster I &amp ; J come around corner , sae what 's happen and take off after cecil and sprocket hole . 124 . cut to marquee apex adult cinema . 124 . - 89 - marquee read " a all anal evening starring cherish . " camera pan back to cherish 's face smile in relief at see she old flagship theater . cecil , honey and sprocket hole stagger around corner and cherish beckon they to follow . 125 . interior apex adult cinema . 125 . the credit for " rear entry , " a heterosexual porno parody of honey 's big Hollywood hit , " forced entry " be just beginning . " starring cherish " flash on screen . we see cherish in the film dress in skimpy lingerie outfit and honey whitlock wig as she write in she diary on bed . cherish ( voice over as camera pan she body ) dear Diary , another day and the same old thing ... everywhere I go - everything I do seem to lead to the same dead end ... ( she turn over to write on she stomach ) .my derriere ... cut to audience of single man watch hornily as whole row of seat vibrate from audience " participation . " 126 . lobby of apex adult cinema . 126 . concession stand be fill with porno mag , marital aid and rubber good instead of refreshment . " sniffle , " the mutant theater employee behind counter read " hershey highway , " a porno mag with cherish 's picture on cover . cherish , dishevel , filthy and out of she mind with fear , come run and , force of habit , adjust she breast to look good . cherish hey buddy , I be in a little bit of trouble ... sniffle oh my God , it 's you ! ( more ) - 90 - ( gushing ) I be just look at you ass right in this magazine . cherish yeah , that 's my ass alright and it 's in trouble . can I and my friend come inside ? sniffle you sure can ! we sell you tit . ( grab a pair out of box ) cherish signal and cecil , honey and sprocket hole come inside . sniffle ( to cecil ) hi ! I can not believe it 's she ! I beat off to she every night ! ( hand cherish she fake breast ) would you sign them ? " to sniffle . " cherish ( signing ) one " F " or two ? sniffle two . ( to cecil ) bad night , huh ? ( to sprocket hole , try to be kind ) go on in , pop a load . 127 . interior apex adult cinema . 127 . cherish be on screen , still write in diary . cherish ( v.0 . ) why be it that man only want my ass ? ( take she pet gerbil out of cage next to bed ) do you know why , little pellett ? ( accidentally drop pellett in bed cover ) whoops ! audience let out a moan of ecstasy . cut to cecil , cherish and sprocket hole , injure but suddenly horny as they take they seat in middle of the theater . - 91 - cherish ( on screen , squirming around bed , try to find she pet gerbil ) where be you little pellett ? heeerrreee little gerbil ! on screen we see a closeup of pellett 's excited face and then the movie cut to pellett 's point of view , cherish 's great ass . cecil watch in sudden horniness but catch himself . cherish look over at honey , proud of she on -screen work . honey smile politely and then catch eye of ruggedly handsome 35 - year - old groupie in audience wear a honey whitelock T-shirt . groupie ( mouthing to honey ) I will be you cinema slave . honey blushes but smile back at he . cherish ( on screen ) heeerrreee pellett ! mommy 's get some cheerios for you ! the movie on screen cut to cherish in a closeup . she let out a erotic squeal . cherish ( on screen ) 000hhhh ! not there pellett ! rear entry ! honey at first look shocked but then burst into laughter . cut to wide shot - audience whacks away in pocket in a sexual frenzy . 128 . cut to interior theater lobby . 128. teamster I &amp ; J have sniffle in a chokehold . teamster I where be they , pervert ? 92 - sniffle who ? there 's nobody here but we whacker ! teamster J punch sniffle in mouth . 129 interior apex theater . 129 . cut back to movie screen . cherish ( writhing in closeup ) oooohhh , pellett ! you be just like all the rest ! oohh , pellett ! oohhh ! teamster I &amp ; J enter back of theater , look to the screen in sudden disgust and then spot cecil and sprocket hole in audience . lewis , chardonnay , pam , petie and raven watch hornily along with moan audience as a frustrated fidget attempt to play pocket pool with he injure bleed hand . even honey be a little turn on and dare to catch groupie 's eye again . honey ( sexily to groupie ) demented forever ! groupie give she the power fist sign . cecil be shocked and glare at honey and sprocket hole to stay celibate . i teamster rush in horror through audience of whacker toward cecil and sprocket hole . cherish , in theater , turn and see approach teamster . cherish , on screen , go into theatrical orgasm . cherish ( on screen ) get it ! pellett ! go on boy ! get it ! audience be near orgasm . cherish leap to she foot . - 93 - cherish porno fan , it's I , cherish ! audience 's eye bug out of they head at see the real thing . cherish and I need you hard - core help ! audience jump to it 's foot , still whack in pocket . teamster stop in they track , horrify to face they horny opponent , some of whom be unzip . porno fan # 1 we love you , cherish ! audience start advance hornily on teamster . porno fan # 2 Long live cecil B. dement ! porno fan # 1 a friend of pornography ! teamster look to each other in disgust , start gag and run from theater in complete nausea . audience turn back to the movie and all at once begin moan in orgasm along with cherish on screen . cecil leap to he foot in front of sprocket hole to prevent last minute orgasm . cecil celibate for celluloid ! sprocket hole stop panting and moan in sexual frustration . groupie rush over to honey 's side . cecil glare at he in a macho power struggle . groupie defiantly put he arm around honey as she beg cecil with she eye for approval . groupie smile and pull up shirt sleeve to reveal to cecil the " cecil B. dement " tattoo on he arm . cecil suddenly bask in cult worship . honey beam in happiness . cecil and groupie give each other the power handshake . - 94 - fade out . 130 . flip wipe to marquee " bengie drive - in theater . " 130 . night . marquee read : honey whitlock triple feature look -a-like contest free wanted poster 131 . cut to drive -in screen . 131 . honey whitlock appear on screen in she old movie " forced entry , " wear she signature hairdo and a sexy nightgown as she write in she diary on she bed . honey ( Voice over ) dear Diary , my husband be try to kill I but nobody will believe I . she hear a noise and sit up in bed as she pet cat jump into she lap . she clutches it up to she in fear . 132 . cut to ticket booth . 132. ticket seller be dress as honey whitlock as she sell ticket to carload of cecil fan who wear t-shirt with cecil 's picture and the slogan " punish bad cinema . " one of the girl be dress as honey whitlock and make up with fake bruise . fan a ( to ticket seller ) Three , please . ticket taker hand they they ticket stub and free " want poster . " fan a cool as shit ! honey whitlock can open any picture ! fan ' car pull away into drive - in and next car in line pull up drive by groupie from porno theater . snuggle up next to he be honey , still dress it same costume from last scene but now wear a bad " honey whitlock " wig . - 95 - groupie ( muttering to honey in a political frenzy ) we should blow up " the people ' Choice Award " ; that 's what we should do ! honey ( giggling ) shhhh ! calm down ! groupie bomb " Planet Hollywood . " honey get ahold of yourself ... they car pull up to ticket seller . groupie ( to ticket seller , try to act normal ) two adult . ticket seller ten dollar . ( to honey ) hey , that 's pretty good ... honey ( suddenly the consummate actress ) thanks . what 's the prize if I win ? ticket seller a big ham ! what else ?! ( laugh hideously ) honey clenches she tooth in mortification as groupie pull off into drive - in , fume . cecil , cherish and raven 's head pop up from hide in back seat under blanket . cecil this be it - we final location . cherish ( excite , to honey ) we be gonna get laid ! - 96 - cecil nobody leave this drive - in alive until we finish we film . groupie ( overly-enthusiastic ) totally radical ! cecil roll he eye at groupie 's political fervor as honey rip off wig and raven start touch up she makeup . 133 . interior drive -in concession stand . 133. employees , both male and female , be dress as honey whitlock as they sell popcorn and ring up sale to score of honey whitlock look - a- like from the drive - in audience . 134 . cut back to drive -in screen . honey whitlock's character be hide with she cat in terror behind bedroom door as hit man # 1 climb in window with flashlight as suspenseful music on soundtrack build . honey' character take off down hall outside of she bedroom . 135 . interior drive -in . 135 . groupie pull car into row of other park car with drive - in speaker hook in window . cecil , honey and raven get out as groupie pop open the trunk . out climb fidget , chardonnay and lewis help the injure and bleed pam and petie . they all struggle to carry film equipment . cecil , honey and entire gang of sprocket hole scatter in the dark between the row of park car towards concession stand . 136 . cut to interior car " B , " fill with more cecil 136 . fan , heavy metal kide , one of the girl dress as heavy metal version of honey . fan B man , I wish cecil would kill some more asshole ! fan C yeah , like that phony critic who give all good review for the movie ad ! - 97 - girl fan or that last minute fuck - head ticket buyer who enter the theater after the feature have begin ! girl fan see cecil , badly injure , as he limp past car with cherish to concession stand . girl fan ( in awe ) oh my God ... the great director of all time ! 137 . cut to row of drive -in . 137 . honey stand transfix in between car as she watch she old self on screen with disdain as groupie gently try to pull she away . groupie come on , you do not know ... on drive - in screen , honey 's character clutches the cat , race down step to first floor of she house and see hit man # 2 briefly stare through front door . her character run to kitchen in fear and drop cat to get butcher knife out of kitchen drawer . raven and fidget , both injure , touch up and adjust honey 's final insane terrorist - chic look . raven ( to honey ) you have cinematic immunity now . fidget none of you old movie count . cat , on screen , scurries through " cat-door " cut in kitchen wall and escape outside . in car next to honey , redneck mom , pop and dorky kid watch the movie . mom be weary " honey whitlock " wig . redneck mom I bet she 's miss phony baloney in real life . redneck dad she do not look so hot to I . I prefer meg Ryan or somebody young . - 98 - dorky kid ( slurp he soft drink ) can I get more food ? ( slurp again ) redneck mom ( turn around , snarling ) I tell you to stop slurping ! redneck mom suddenly see honey whitlock and quickly turn back around . redneck mom ( under she breath ) oh my God - do not look now ... ( suddenly scare ) . but I think she 's stand right next to we car ... 138 . manager' office . 138. manager be sit in he wheelchair , count cash in front of giant ham , gift - wrap in cellophane with honey 's picture stick to it . his saw - off shotgun be propped up on chair nearby . a knock be hear at door . manager who be it ? cecil cecil B. dement . manager ( think it 's one of he staff ) Real funny asshole ! manager wheel himself over and open door . pam and chardonnay aim the camera and sound microphone at manager 's stunne face . manager look to he shotgun . cecil step forward with cherish and pull he empty gun . a trickle of blood run from cecil 's mouth as cherish lunge for manager 's shotgun . 139 . interior projection booth . 139 . lewis strangle projectionist with 35 mm film off film platter . 140 . exterior concession stand . pay phone booth . 140 . - 99 - redneck mom be dial phone excitedly . redneck mom hello , eyewitness News ? honey whitlock be in row 19 of the bengy drive - in ... I see she with my own fuckin ' eye and I do not want no ham ... I want money ! 141 . drive -in screen . on screen , honey' character 's terrorize eye be light melodramatically as she hold butcher knife and hear hit man # 1 approach from other side of kitchen door . 142 . exterior drive -in . row near concession stand . honey , groupie , fidget and raven rush by car fill with jock wear " cecil suck " t-shirt as they yell out to screen . jock a kill the bitch ! jock B she never could act ! jock a her career be over ! groupie hear and try to turn back to confront jock but honey grab he . honey no ! bad review can not hurt I anymore ! fidget we be beyond the critic ' reach ! raven who care what anybody think of we movie except Satan ?! honey , fidget and raven pull groupie away towards concession stand . 143 . drive -in exit . " do 14ot back up - tire damage " sign . 143. wjz - tv mini-cam truck pull up and newscaster and crew jump out . - 100 - 144 . drive -in screen . 144 . honey' character scream in terror as hit man # 1 rip open door to kitchen . just as honey' character begin to strike back with knife , hit man # 2 reach through cat - door and grab she leg . hit man # 1 knock knife from she hand . hit man # 2 grab she ass with other hand . honey' character let out a scream of horror . suddenly the film jam in drive - in projector and freeze on screen before melting before drive - in audience 's eye . the screen go blank . 145 . interior concession stand . 145 . lewis disconnect fuse box and concession stand be plunge into darkness as customer scream . 146 . interior drive -in . 146 . audience start honk they car horn . suddenly we hear cecil 's voice booming out over the speaker . cecil hello , this be cecil B. dement speak to you directly from this theater ... cecil fan a , B &amp ; C jump out of they car happily along with other supporter . redneck family guiltily start up engine of car , hope to escape along with other terrify family . jock a , B &amp ; C leap from car , ready for a fight as do other gung - ho cecil enemies . 147 . interior manager' office . 147 manager be tie up . cecil ( speak into theater intercom system ) . I would like you to bq in my new movie . it 's call " raving beauty " and we be shoot the final scene here tonight ... honey , groupie , fidget and raven enter and rush to - 101 - cecil 's side . 148 . interior drive -in . 148. frightened family try to flee , result in honk horn and traffic jam . suddenly a Baltimore City Police helicopter appear overhead . helicopter cop ( on speaker ) cecil B. demented you be surrounded ! give yourself up and you and you cast and crew will not be injured . 149 . interior drive -in . 149 . cecil' fan and enemies look to the sky in amazement . cecil ( over speaker ) pay no attention to the studio executive in the helicopter above ... I have final CUT !... cecil fan a , B , C and other fan rip off speaker from pole and throw they at jock and other cecil enemies . helicopter cop ( on speaker ) we're not studio executive ! we're the baltimore CITY police department ! jock and cecil enemies pull up speaker pole , use they as weapon against cecil fan . cecil fan C throw beer bottle at redneck family 's car as they try to speed they car to exit over speed bump . cecil ( continue over speaker ) ( paranoid ) . fan of outlaw cinema - they be here to use you for market testing ! cecil fan let out a war-cry of defiance as they fight enemies with fist , bottle , anything they can grab as family scream in terror , trap . 150 . drive -in exit . 150 . - 102 - baltimore CITY quick response team pull up in reconnaissance vehicle . uniform swat team jump out carry high - power semi-automatic rifle . 151 . interior manager' office . cecil continue on intercom system surround by cherish , honey , groupie , and rest of sprocket hole . cecil they want to detain some of you and put you in focus group ! 152 . interior drive -in . 152 . swat team leader look in confusion at grow number of cecil fan yell out " no ! " and join in the disturbance . cecil ( over speaker ) but I will not let they !... 153 . interior manager' office . cecil ( into microphone ) because I don't believe in phony life - affirming ending ! i'd rather die than change my movie ! groupie ( lung for microphone , obnoxiously ) waco ! waco ! cecil angrily shove groupie out office door as even honey sigh in embarrassment at groupie 's behavior . 154 . drive -in entrance . 154 . fidget' mom and dad speed into drive - in with nervous psychiatrist in back seat of family car . fidget' dad speak into microphone of sound system that blast out over hastily - rig speaker on roof of car . fidget' dad fidget , it 's you dad . we be here with a psychiatrist ... - 103 - psychiatrist ( grabbing microphone ) everything be gonna be ok , son . fidget' mom ( lean into microphone ) fidget , it 's mommy . we know you have see too many r-rated movie and we be here to help ... suddenly mini-cam from other local news team speed into drive - in behind they . 155 . interior drive -in . 155 . swat team flood through row of car in the drive - in , weapon draw , wait for the word to attack . helicopter cop ( over speaker ) cecil B. demented ... you parent be here and they would like to speak to you ! 156 . exterior hovering helicopter . 156 . cecil be mom and dad , dress in swat clothes surround by baltimore CITY police , nervously take the speaker microphone . cecil' dad sinclair , it 's you father ... 157 . interior manager' office . 157 . cecil look up in fury at hearing he real name , as honey and sprocket hole hover around he . cecil ( in a rage , into intercom system ) thomas alva edison be the only father I 've ever have !! 158 . exterior hovering helicopter . 158. cecil' dad I know you be sick in the head , but whatever mado you think you could direct ? cecil' mom ( butting in ) ( more ) - 104 - sinclair , it 's mom. repeat after I !... 159 . drive -in exit . 159 . maryland state trooper car zoom in to join swat team truck . cecil' mom ( over helicopter speaker ) it's only a movie ! it's only a movie ! it's only a movie ! 160 . interior manager' office . 160 . cecil ( to sprocket hole , gasp for breath ) picture's up ! cecil collapse and cherish and honey rush to help he as sprocket hole lunge for equipment . be 161 . interior drive -in . 161. Wide shot of battle fan amidst the traffic jam of panicked family attempt to flee in they car . cecil ( on intercom ) honey whitlock be here with we tonight ... cecil fan yell they approval . cecil . live and in person ! and she 's die to meet you ! groupie proudly shine the headlight of he car towards the roof of the concession stand as other cecil fan follow suit . 162 . exterior roof of concession stand . lit like a sound 162 . stage from car headlight . lewis back out on roof pull pam with camera in manager 's wheelchair that she be use as a dolly . chardonnay follow with boom pole to record th' sound . petie and fidget struggle to carry cecil on " set " in a makeshift stretcher as raven apply makeup to he wound . cherish be at he side , caress he lovingly . - 105 - 163 . exterior concession stand . 163 . cecil' fan go nut rush towards cecil below concession stand roof . fan and enemies form a sort of makeshift " mosh pit " underneath the set to fight one another . 164 . exterior roof of concession stand . 164 . honey make she star entrance carry manager 's saw - off shotgun with a pistol grip . 165 . exterior concession stand . 165 . cecil' fan go ballistic as honey smile regally to they . groupie gaze up at she in obsessive star worship as enemies boo . 166 . exterior roof of concession stand . 166 . cherish ( to cecil ) you can make it ... one more camera set - up and we can have sex ... cecil honey , I have have a final vision . would you set you hair on fire for we movie ...? honey ( confuse ) my real hair ?... cecil ( weakly , clearly die ) prove yourself one more time ... for you cast ... honey look into cherish 's brainwash face as she eye roll back in she head , flash cut with " directed by Andy Warhol " credit . cecil you crew ... sprocket hole stare back at honey in a fast montage of they insane face hallucinate credit of they favorite director : William Castle , Kenneth anger , Sam peckinpah , spike Lee , David Lynch , Fassbinder . fidget hold a pitiful fire extinguisher . - 106 - cecil you fan ... honey look to groupie in a sea of cheer fan . he be finish up carve honey 's initial " h.w. " in he forehead with a pop - top beer can tab . cecil .and for I , cecil B. dement ! honey but will it ... make I a legend ? cecil ( look out at PRESS , swat team and cop as they advance toward he and then to honey ) you will be the eternal flame of cinema insanity . honey 's eye glaze over in cult madness . honey I be .. . ready for my closeup , Mr. dement . raven dab honey 's hair with gasoline from can . fidget painfully play pocket pool and light the torch . helicopter cop ( from above ) cecil B. demented , you have sixty second . abandon you film or we will shoot to kill ! cecil ( in megaphone ) picture's up ! fan roar they approval while enemies jeer . pam ( on wheelchair , clutching she wound , bleed ) camera rolling ! cl? ardonnay ( crying in happiness ) speed ! petie run to mark the take . - 107 - cecil the martini shot ... honey smile nostalgically at the mention of she favorite drink . cecil ( cough up blood ) action ! honey ( snap into character ) cellulunatics and cinema survivalist !... honey tip she head out of pam 's frame and cherish set honey 's hair on fire with one quick touch of the torch . honey 's hair go up in flame as she give the performance of a lifetime as lewis push pam on the wheelchair and they film they most technically ambitious shot . honey make good movie or die ! fan go wild , scream they approval . groupie vainly try to light he own hair on fire with a lighter but it do not really work . cecil' enemies stare at honey 's hair ablaze in shock . swat team ' mouth fall open in stunne amazement . fidget' parent and psychiatrist watch in horror . cecil watch from stretcher in pride and amazement and motion for petie and fidget to put he down . cecil ( foam slightly at the mouth but deliriously happy ) CUT ! CUT ! CUT ! fidget quickly step forward and extinguish flame from honey 's hair with fire extinguisher . cecil ( crawl from stretcher ) that , fellow sprocket hole , be a wrap ! - 108 - honey , char and still sizzling , smile weakly and feel she almost bald head . swat team captain take aim with rest of sharpshooter . instantly pam be shot dead by swat team sharpshooter and she camera fall to ground . cecil ( defiantly to swat team as they throw tear gas at warring mob of fan ) principle photography have be complete ! fidget , raven , chardonnay , lewis , pam , cherish and petie look at one another in stunne disbelief . cherish ( to cecil ) you mean ... we can fuck ? cecil ( dying but still horny , smiling sexily ) from here to timbuktu ! lewis grab chardonnay , raven beckon to heavy metal fan B in audience , petie eye a tom of finland type who nervously cruise back , and fidget plunge both hand deep in the fly of he pants . they partner struggle to climb up on roof and everybody begin to make love . honey look hornily to groupie below but he be be beat up by jock a , B &amp ; C as he desperately try to struggle up to she . honey sigh in sexual frustration . cherish run to die cecil , unzip he pants and mount he . cop and swat team freeze in utter horror at the sudden sexual activity . fidget' parent lower they eye at see fidget in deliriously happy orgasm alone as psychiatrist eagerly take note . news team beat each other up to get better camera position . sprocket hole reach orgasm together as the fan cheer through the tear gas . - 109 - just after cherish and cecil reach orgasm , cherish be shot dead in the forehead by swat team a who leap to roof of manager 's office from helicopter . honey see cherish 's death , grab pam 's camera from the ground and hurl it at swat team member a and hit he in the head . he stagger backwards , drop he gun , and fall off roof where fan refuse to catch he and he land with a thud . sprocket hole leap up from lovemake to escape but be shot again and again , badly outnumber . fidget' mom and dad grab psychiatrist and run for they life , cry in despair . fidget see he parent in distance and jump off roof to follow and be safely catch by cecil fan . lewis look into cheer fan ' face and suddenly jump from concession stand roof with change bag into mob of fan and remove expose film from pam 's camera . swat team member B jump from high roof of manager 's office to concession stand roof point a ar15 at honey . swat B I see what you do , you Hollywood bitch ! honey look through the tear gas below to see groupie suddenly battle himself free from jock a , B &amp ; c. he bravely beckon honey to jump . cecil disengage cherish 's dead body up and off of he and see honey in danger crawl painfully to Pam 's wheelchair dolly . swat B ( to honey ) you be under arrest , honey whitlock ! honey leap from roof into mob of fan and land safely in groupie 's arm . they immediately begin to kiss in wild abandon . swat B shoot groupie from atop roof and kill he . honey cry out at he death and panic as swat team member move in on she point high - power rifle . fan and enemies scatter , abandon she . - 110 - cecil lunge for drop gun of swat team a and shoot swat B dead , struggle aboard dolly and nod to fidget to douse he with gas . honey look for help but she be suddenly all alone . cecil push himself forward on wheelchair dolly , gain speed and begin laugh maniacally . fidget flick light match on cecil as he roll by and cecil ignites like a Buddhist monk . cecil ( Flying through the air off roof in wheelchair , towards swat team below ) I h-a-a-a-v-v-v-v-e-e-e-e a v-i-i -i-s-s-s-i-o-n! cecil smashes into swat team and they go up in flame , save honey in the nick of time . honey see baltimore CITY police , maryland state troopers , more swat team , local and national PRESS team , all run towards she with gun and camera equipment . she turn away , pull out compact and see she smear makeup . she look for raven to touch she up and spot she be hustle away by satanist - type fan outside concession stand moment before the plate glass window be shattered by police gunfire . petie be jump and arrest by special swat team wear rubber glove and surgical mask . petie laugh and moan in S &amp ; m pleasure as he try to grope a especially macho member of swat team . honey turn back to mob in front of she and give they a dement movie star grin . 167 . bengie drive -in marquee . out front of theater . 167 . fidget struggle to climb up marquee to search for he parent but he do not see they . he angrily start throw down letter as weapon at flee car , smash the window of bleed , injure jock a , B &amp ; C 's car . 168 . interior drive -in . 168. lewis and chardonnay , carry film can , climb into the trunk of cecil fan a 's car and escape with the final footage . 169 . cut back to bengie drive -in marquee . 169 . - ill - with only a few letter leave on the marquee , fidget re-arranges they to read t-h-e - e-n-o before a swat tea , bullet tear into he . fidget fall and land on the hood of he parent ' car as they exit the drive - in . fidget ( injured badly , but alive ) hi Mom , hi dad . fidget' mom and dad be eye light up in parental love . 170 . interior bengie drive -in . 170 . honey , bald , bleed , and burn , see raven and they eye lock in friendship as raven escape into satanist fan 's car . raven happily give honey the extend index and little finger satanic sign and then turn it into a thumb - up gesture of the future . honey blow raven a kiss and then look back at the crowd in confusion and begin she long mad walk to paddy - wagon through fan , enemies , movie agent , lawyer , news team , and dumbfounded law enforcement officer who all want something from honey . as the soundtrack swell triumphantly over the din of jeer , applause , career advice , legal strategy and request for autograph and interview , honey begin to smile in full movie star insanity and wave and blow kiss to the crowd as if she just win the oscar . credit roll .