cedar rapid written by phil johnston draft : June 12 , 2009 fade in on : a shoddily produced tv commercial the ad depict videotape scene from Wisconsin 's north country -- a farmer and a cow , a woman waterskieng , a guy mow he lawn . a flat , nasally v.o. accompany the image . roger lemke ( v.o . ) the Brown River Valley : it 's where we work . it 's where we play . it 's where we live . but even here in paradise , accident can happen . the ad wipe to a inappropriately gruesome photo of a obviously fatal car wreck . the narrator be chroma- key over the image . he be roger lemke , 40 , blandly charismatic , with a blonde moustache that evoke a low - rent Tom selleck . roger lemke ( cont 'd ) at northland insurance , we goal be to provide high quality insurance service and related product to business and individual in Wisconsin 's northland . I be Roger lemke . not only do I care about you , we also endeavor to give you the coverage you need at the best price around . it 's that reason northland have be award the prestigious two diamond Award from the american Society of mutual insurer three year run . because at northland insurance , we insure you dream . the car accident photo dissolves into a sunset . the treacly music crescendos and we : match CUT to : int . northland insurance - day the ad have be play on a 13 - inch tv in a small , wood - panele office . a handful of employees and family member applaud wildly . the proud owner of northland , bill krogstad , 60 , embrace the man of the hour , Roger lemke . bill krogstad Ho - lee Christmas , knock she outta the park , Roger ! out of the g-d park , you sonofagun ! 2 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 roger lemke Hell , I be just a pretty face , Bill . that copy be all you . do get one little gripe though , boss -- if you would wait until after Cedar rapid we could have say winner of the two diamond four year run ! bill krogstad roger lemke aroo-aroo ! two diamond ! two diamond ! the man roughhouse playfully . Roger 's comely wife , gwen , 30 , hold they milk - feed twin toddler , give Roger a kiss . gwen lemke so proud of you , roggie . God , you rock . do not you dad rock , boy ?! roger lemke ( a elvis impersonation ) thank you . thank you very much ! more laughter and backslapp . after a bit , a as yet unseen man hesitantly approach . he gently touch Roger 's arm , not want to interrupt the revelry . Roger turn . roger lemke ( cont 'd ) Tim ! timmy lippe ! do not even know you be here . you see it , bud ? tim ( earnest , deeply admire ) oh , heck yeah . you be awesome . despite appearance to the contrary , this be we hero : tim lippe ( pronounce lippy ) , 34 , wholesome and positive , though undercurrent of desperation lurk just behind he kind eye . tim ( cont 'd ) just super ... super awesome . man. roger lemke y'know what Tim , I want people to see the insurance game for what it really be -- it 's a noble field . I believe that . like I say , we be not just insure vehicle and home and that . Hell no . we be insure people 's dream . tim oh. yeah . I say that , too ... sometimes . 3. Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 roger lemke well shit , you do , do not you ? by god , I steal you line ! knew I would hear that somewhere ! tim oh , no biggie ... roger lemke bummer they cut you little deal outta the ad , though . tim ach . y'know . get leave on the ol ' ... a female CO - worker interrupt , accost Roger and ignore Tim . female CO - worker Roger ! look out Brad Pitt ! tim the ol ' cut room floor , right ? ( upon be ignore ) Brad pitt. ha. that 's ... ( then , with force nonchalance ) whoa . cake . cool . Tim go to the cake table . he smile at the cake , impressed . tim ( cont 'd ) so awesome . the icing on the cake , a frost visage of Roger lemke , smile back . int . / ext . tim' car - day ( late winter ) a beige buick skylark splashes through a puddle of snow melt in the glum , isolate hamlet of Brown Valley , wi ( pop : 337 ) . Tim bop he head and sing along as a parliament song play on a good Times , great oldy radio station . a dour old lady shoveling she driveway stare as he pass by . ext . tim' house - day the skylark pull into the driveway of a tidy umber- color rambler with a nature scene paint on the garage door . 4. Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 int . tim' kitchen - day flower wallpaper . vinyl flooring . a spoon collection . the room look like someone 's grandmother design it . Tim enter . he open the fridge , grab a a &amp ; W root beer . he open a cupboard , remove a box of hostess cupcake . he sit at the Formica kitchen table , meticulously eat the cupcake , sip the soda pop and stare out the window at a bird feeder . int . tim' bedroom - later Tim 's bedroom look like that of a fastidious teenager . twin bed . orderly desk . milwaukee brewer poster ( circa 1987 ) . Tim remove he penny loafer , pleate khakis and northland insurance polo shirt . he put on a different pair of pleate khakis , a maroon turtleneck and some top-sider . int . tim' second bedroom - continuous Tim enter another bedroom . this one have a four-poster bed -- clearly a parent room , clearly unused . he open the closet . a label read gift closet !!! each shelf be neatly organize : toy , knickknack , occasion - specific greeting card . he select a get well card and a beanie baby duck , quacker . a doorbell ring . Tim hurriedly sign the card . he lick the envelope as he hustle to the door . int . tim' live room - moment later Tim open the door to millie vanderhei , 54 , a thick , depressive woman dress like a 7th grade science teacher . tim there she be ! how you feel ? millie oh , it 's no big whoop . Tim pull the card and beanie baby duck from behind he back . tim ta-da . ( re. the stuff duck ) quack , quack . d' you already have this guy ? be not sure . 5 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 millie gayle syrstäd give I a quacker for secret Santa last year . I can probably trade with nan , though . millie sit on Tim 's paisley sofa . she open the card . on the front : a rottweiler in a nurse 's outfit . Inside : " get well or you deal with I ! " then in Tim 's write , " Love , Tim . " millie ( cont 'd ) ( chuckle at the card ) cute . brandy would never sit still long enough for I to dress she up like that . tell you that right now . ( then ) you do not have to do this whole rigmarole , Tim . I tell you it 's just a little diarrhea . tim I know . but for you to miss a day of school , millie ... I can not remember you ever call in sick when I have you . millie well I be not go through menopause when you be in middle school now be I ? tim negative . not to my knowledge . not to my knowledge . she nod somberly . they sit there silently for a bit . then : tim ( cont 'd ) so . do you tummy feel good enough to ...? they exchange a look ... CUT to : int . tim' bedroom - a little while later millie ride Tim . Tim palm she breast . he still have on the maroon turtleneck . and one brown sock . they body make a sound like two soft , thick hand apathetically applaud : clap -pfft , clop -pfft , clap-ffft . the twin bed squeak disapprovingly . 6 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 tim I can try and ... hold it , mil. can you ...? millie bring it home . bring it home . she waggle she hip with a bit more gusto . he grimace . tim I be bring it . bring it ! bring it ! d'aaaarrgho 'awesome ... Tim exhales . millie exhales . that work out well . int . tim be rec room - later that night millie and Tim watch american idol . a woman sing Queen 's you 're my best friend . Tim harmonize . tim ooh , you make I live ! you be my best friend ! millie c'mon Tim , I can not hear . tim sorry . but you be , babygirl . ( sing ) you be my best friend . millie tss. goofball . the song end . they sit quietly for a bit . millie ( cont 'd ) y'know Galen and dar krause just do a cruise to the Bahamas ? pretty reasonable they say , price - wise . tim ( mediocre jamaican accent ) ya mon , bahama -mama . millie it 's a little different I suppose -- a cruise . but ... a beat , then millie remove a cruise brochure from she purse . 7. Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 millie ( cont 'd ) look , I be not gonna shilly - shally around here , Tim . I find a river cruise through Germany -- Viking line , real grade -a . it 's what I want . for the honeymoon . tim ( suddenly rattled ) whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa . wait ... where 's this come from ? we agree on Wisconsin dell for the honeymoon . it 's what we agree on . millie you have be to the dell two dozen time ... tim so? Roger and gwen lemke go to the dell every year ... millie because they have child . Water park be for child ... tim hello , Tommy bartlett 's ski , Sky and stage show ? it 's not just a water park ... millie timothy , settle . you have never even leave the state of Wisconsin . barely leave Brown Valley ... tim what 's so great about ...? you be not ... you be miss the ... we agree on the dell . he avoid eye contact . millie take Tim 's chin in she hand , force he to look at she . millie God rest she . you mom be my best friend . but it 's go on 20 year now . you gotta grow up . you gotta let go . you gotta live a life here . see ? tim I be live a perfectly fine life . I do not know why you would want to ... ( more ) 8. Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 tim ( cont 'd ) rock the water or whatever . ridiculous . Tim look away again , pout . millie give he a motherly hug . over she shoulder , Tim watch a teenager belting out que sera , sera on american idol . then , almost inaudibly : tim ( cont 'd ) we agree on the dell . fade out : in black , a phone ring . int . tim' bedroom - the middle of the night Tim sleep alone in he twin bed . the phone ring again . Tim wake with a start . he flip on the lamp , pick up the phone : tim hello ... oh , hey Bill ... a look of profound anguish appear on Tim 's face . tim ( cont 'd ) aw jeez . oh my gosh . no ... the sound of a church organ play on eagle wing fade in . int . ST . ansgar' lutheran church - day in back of a pack church , millie whisper with WADE brodt , 60 , a bald , bullet - shape man . the conversation be discreet . WADE guy have it all . everything you would ever want . y'know he fly a cessna ? in he spare time ? millie I always say people like that -- who live fast ? they die hard . look at River Phoenix . WADE everything you would ever want . millie I just do not know . to do that thing to yourself . just pervert . ( sigh ) who ever hear of such a thing ? 9 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 close on roger lemke' casket Roger lemke look peaceful in death , although it 's hard to miss the mark on he neck leave behind by the belt . Tim be at the front of a long line of uneasy mourner . Tim hold back tear as he gently touch the mark on lemke 's neck . Tim step aside to greet the widow gwen lemke in a receive line . the grief have leave she gaunt . she appear medicate . tim I be ... gwen , I be so sorry . Roger be -- be -- be -- a personal hero to I . he just ... he have it all . if there 's ... he be interrupt by Bill krogstad 's sob . Tim reach out to put a comforting hand on gwen 's shoulder , but somehow end up touch she breast instead . a moment . tim ( cont 'd ) I be ... Tim nod sadly as he remove he hand . he walk away . fade out : int . northland insurance - day the drab office be brighten with week - old funeral flower and flaccid mylar sympathy balloon . Tim sit across from a young couple , kurt &amp ; pam gambsky , 20 , in a small , glass - in conference room . the couple be tense . pam you just do not get it , kurt ... kurt aw Christ , pammy ... tim hang on guy , how 's this sound -- you can both be right . ( pause for effect ) I know you be probably think , " oh , a umbrella policy 's only for rich people . " you know what I say to that ? bull roar . the gambskys smile , comfort . Tim be good at he job . 10 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 tim ( cont 'd ) Pam , kurt -- I have know you guy since you be little kid . so let 's do not think of I as a " insurance salesman . " think of I as you friend who just want to help you protect you dream ... Tim glance up and see Bill krogstad stare longingly at northland ' three two diamond Award plaque . a beat , then krogstad slam he fist through the wood paneled wall ! the couple reel around upon hearing the sound . tim ( cont 'd ) I be ... Excuse I a sec ... Tim exit the conference room and approach krogstad , whose hand be now bleed . tim ( cont 'd ) d'you - - can I get you a napkin or something , Bill ? for that ? bill krogstad know how Roger use to get down there to Cedar rapid ? to the asmi Convention ? any idea ? tim um. I be with kurt and Pam gambsky ... bill krogstad flew himself . in a cessna . Pilot . ( a mournful beat ) it be all work out . I be go to ease into retirement in July while Roger transitioned into he ownership role . tim wait , Roger be go to buy northland ? bill krogstad all work out . shit , dione already put the down payment on a time share . branson , Black Hills . Florida . unit all over the place . tim Holy cow . 11 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 bill krogstad yeah , whole deal . now ? now I get my back up against christ-know - what . no lemke , no buyer , the wife 's spend like we win the goddamn powerball . and what 's worse , because of the way , y'know , the way Roger pass ... krogstad choke up . his grief be very real . so be Tim 's . tim the ... belt and the lederhosen ...? bill krogstad ( a nod , a sigh ) quote-unquote pervert , they be say . like northland have some kind of stain . oh , I be so goddamn tired ... tim be there ...? can I do anything to help , or ...? krogstad hand Tim a manila folder ( bloody it in the process ) . Tim gesture for he customer to hold tight . Tim open the folder , read aloud from a cover page . tim ( cont 'd ) " innovation in hog farm Risk mitigation . " Roger 's two diamond presentation for the asmi Convention . I help prepare it . bill krogstad we need that two diamond more than ever , Tim . if I be go to sell this company , we need people to feel ok about the northland brand . tim ( not get it ) mm. bill krogstad I would go myself but my daughter kayla , the heavy one ? she unearth some polack to marry she . I be lock into that wedding over in gladstone . no flex . lock in . 12. Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 tim whoa -whoa-wait . what be you say ? bill krogstad I be not ask you to fill Roger lemke 's shoe . not gonna happen . I be ask you to deliver he presentation -- to bring I home that two diamond . tim I can not go to asmi . to Iowa . to Cedar rapid , Iowa ... why can not lila do it ? bill krogstad c'mon tim. lila 's about as charismatic as a bag of hair . tim Bill , I have never ... I mean , I have dabble in hog farm risk mitigation , but I be no pro ... Tim be really start to panic . bill krogstad you be what , 16 , when I give you that filing job ? right after you mom pass ? raising yourself pretty much , live all alone . and I be think , now here 's a kid . here 's a kid who 's gonna go place . ( a hand on Tim 's shoulder ) and then , somehow , you kind of just do not . now , I guess it make some sense -- a child lose both parent at a early age , become what you might call stunt . but cripe almighty , do you want to just sit there in you folk old house , just rot away in Brown Valley dating that ... ( subtly disparaging ) ... woman the rest of you life ? tim millie and I be get marry . bill krogstad tss , maybe three will be a charm . ( then , emotional ) ( more ) 13. Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 bill krogstad ( cont 'd ) Point be , I be not exactly dance in the street here Tim , but it 's a perception thing . you go down there to Cedar rapid , wholesome and pie - eye and all that . you show they that northland be a good outfit -- a upstand Christian outfit ... Tim consider the gravity of this moment . bill krogstad ( cont 'd ) aw cripe , say you will do it . krogstad start cry again . he hug Tim , he bloody hand stain Tim 's canary yellow V -neck sweater . Tim look up to see the gambskys in the conference room stare at he . montage -- a melancholic yet uplift song ( Leonard Cohen 's hallelujah , perhaps ) play as : - Tim put birdseed in he backyard feeder . he look at the barren tree as he consider he fate . - Tim google " Cedar rapid . " he look at photo , crime statistic , a chamber of commerce youtube video . he close he eye , exhales . - Tim practice the presentation in front of a mirror . he work late . he type . he power point . krogstad critique . - Tim laminate map of Cedar rapid and area attraction . - Tim pull a dusty american tourister suitcase from the attic . it look about 40 year old . he pack . int . / ext . tim' buick skylark - morning Tim look pensive as he drive . he 's wear a new suit . it 's a little too big . a greeting card and a beanie baby rooster bounce along on the passenger 's seat . Tim pull up to a split - level house . a pick - up truck with the word brodt Heating &amp ; cool be park in the driveway . int . millie' live room - moment later Tim poke he head into a live room , surprised to see Wade , the 60 - ish bald guy from church , recline on a lazy Boy . 14 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 Wade 's boot be off . his sock be dirty . he 's watch espn on a tv with a olan - Mills portrait of Tim &amp ; millie atop it . WADE oh , hiya Tim . tim hey . Wade . hey . be millie ...? millie enter in a terry cloth robe . a Yorkshire terrier follow she . millie act nonchalant . so do the dog . millie hi Tim . ( re. Wade 's presence ) Wade 's cable 's down . tim it 's six am ...? WADE Mike &amp ; Mike in the Morning . espn 2 . tim oh yeah . that guy . hilarious . ha. WADE mm. tim ( finally , to millie ) well I just want to ... he display the beanie baby and the card . she take they with a cold smile . Tim notice a identical stuff rooster on a oak bookshelf -- home to over 155 other beanie Babies . tim ( cont 'd ) oh shoot . you already have a strut the rooster ... millie so this be it then ? ( to WADE ) Tim 's jetting off to Cedar rapid this morning , Wade . Big deal insurance convention . Iowa . WADE that right ? tim it 's only four day . 15 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 millie wo not go to Germany for we honeymoon , but for work you can just gallivant around like Tom petty or one of they ? tim ( to WADE ) we agree on the dell ... ( then , to millie ) should we maybe talk in the ...? WADE oh it do not bother I . Tim try to proceed as if Wade be not sit there . tim if I do not try to do this , it 's not just my job , mil . there be four other employee whose life be on the line . plus Carol , who do part time seasonal work . so. millie it 's not for certain a new owner would even keep you guy on . tim no , Bill say he would make that part of any deal ... millie believe you I , Bill krogstad be look out for one guy . and that 's Bill krogstad . WADE ( overtly disparaging ) krogstad . Tim shoot Wade a look . tim it 's ... oh , who be I kid , I be a little scared here . a lot scared . but not about we . what we have get -- we be like lightning in a bottle , babygirl . I love you so much , mil . he hug she . millie melt just a little , yet remain stern . millie I want you to be very careful . 16 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 tim I know . I will . I mean , Cedar rapid -- there be only four homicide last year . for a city of 122 - thousand that 's pretty darn good . the forcible rape number be admittedly a bit higher , but ... she fidget with he tie . a bitter tear skulk down she cheek . millie I want you to check in with I . tim I will every day . twice a day . millie make it three time . tim ( laugh ) ok , three time ! sheesh . and I will send a stinkin ' telegram , too . Tim kiss the warm tear from millie 's ruddy cheek . millie lick she finger and smooth Tim 's cowlick . Wade just sit there watch . ext . rhinelander , wi regional airport - day Tim walk up to the tiny municipal airport . he try the door . it 's lock . a retarded man shoveling snow spot Tim . retarded man Airport do not open for two hour . tim thanks ! just wanna be sure I make my flight . go down to Cedar rapid . the big asmi Convention ? the retarded man nod vacantly and go back to shoveling . dissolve to : int . rhinelander , wi regional airport - later Tim be the first ( and only ) person in the security line . a apathetic tsa agent await he . Tim have a nervous energy . 17 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 tim cold enough for you ? I be head to Cedar rapid . suppose to be up in the mid-30s down there . s-weet ! tsa agent any liquid , gel or aerosol must be place in a quart-size zip-lock . laptop computer must be take out of the case and place in ... tim whoa ... what 's all this now ? tsa agent any liquid , gel or aerosol ... bill krogstad ( o.s. ) Tim ! praise Christ you have not leave yet . Bill krogstad run up to Tim . he 's out of breath . tim hey Bill , what 's go on ? bill krogstad can not believe I forget to get this to you . hang on , lemme ... krogstad put he hand on he knee , take a few deep breath . then he hand Tim a detailed handwritten checklist . bill krogstad ( cont 'd ) it 's basically a asmi Convention Bible . it 's go to tell you who to talk to , who to avoid , how best to fellowship and network ... Tim glance at the list , read the only name under avoid . tim Dean Ziegler , Stevens Point . bill krogstad Ziegler be a cancer . sonofabitch call one of lemke 's biggest client -- Joyce armbrüster ? smear Roger 's name and the northland ' name . frickin ' poacher . avoid Ziegler like the plague . the fella I get you rooming with , Ronald wilk -- that 's who you stick by . 18. Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 by Ziegler 's name , Tim frantically write , " poacher " and " armbrüster - - " make sure not to forget the umlaut . bill krogstad ( cont 'd ) you get the presentation , right ? tim affirmative . Tim untuck he shirt , revealing a zippere cummerbund - like money belt . tim ( cont 'd ) on I at all time . plus three back - up disc . bill krogstad hey-hey ! that kind of prep be pure lemke ! do not know any better , I would say Roger 's spirit have kind of climb into you , just plant its seed inside you there . Atta boy ! High praise indeed . Tim hesitates . be now the right time ? tim Bill ... I have to ask . let 's say one of this big dog -- you allstate , you prudential -- do decide to go and buy northland ...? bill krogstad Said it before , I will say it again : you job , the office in Brown Valley - - all safe . what you need to worry about be get down there and represent we the best you can . that 's all you need to worry about . Tim swallow hard . Bill bring it in for a hug and inhale Tim 's hair . int . plane - day Tim have a window seat . he read the safety card . he 's sweaty , anxious . a vaguely swarthy man ( indian ? italian ? hard to tell . ) , 40s , sit next to he . a perky flight attendant approach . flight attendant you lucky duck be obviously seat in a exit row . score ! ( more ) 19 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 flight attendant ( cont 'd ) just gotta make sure you be willing and able to assist crew member in the event of a emergency evacuation ... the man smile nonchalantly . Tim try to play it cool . tim you be talk what , water landing ? ( look around , whisper ) terror type deal ? terrorist ...? flight attendant it 's really just a formality . tim believe it or not , I have actually never be on a airplane before . flight attendant oh , well you will do awesome . tim ( take a moment ) ok . if you need any help , I be in . the flight attendant smile politely , if confusedly . the plane take off Tim look out the window , watch nervously as the dairy farm and freeze lake of northern Wisconsin recede . he instinctively turn to he neighbor . tim Tim lippe . man ah. David marinakis . they shake hand . tim great to meet you , Dave . wonder , what kind of name be marinakis ? david marinakis Greek . it 's Greek . tim marinakis . ok . mine 's german . lippe . ( more ) 20 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 tim ( cont 'd ) as in , " do not you get lippy with I , mister . " my grandma use to say that . before she pass . lot of people pronounce it lip . course the high german 's probably more like lipp-uh . David marinakis nod , go back to he book , seemingly shutting down the conversation . Tim settles in . the plane land -- Tim hesitates before step onto the jetway -- one small step for man - - and just like that , he 's in iowa ! int . cedar rapid airport , baggage claim - day Tim help David marinakis take he bag off the carousel . tim like I say , Dave , it 's not life insurance so much as it be dream insurance . david marinakis it 's a good way of look at it . tim I think so . Tim hand David he card , who take it with a genuine smile . tim ( cont 'd ) let I know how thing go with you alltel deal , Dave . e-mail I . david marinakis will do , Tim . thanks . David exit . Tim stand there wave . ext . cedar rapid airport parking garage - day Tim emerge from a elevator on the roof of a parking garage . he inhale the chilly Iowa air . he glance at he rental agreement and spot he car , a red chevy cobalt . tim hello . score ! as he approach the car , he stop . he chuckle , in awe . 21 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 tim ( cont 'd ) Holy crap . awesome . in the distance , the Cedar rapid skyline loom -- its tallest building , the alliant Tower stretch 21 storey into the cloudy sky . Tim snap a photo with he cell phone . ext . holiday inn holidome - day the holidome sign read , welcome asmi `09 participant !!! Tim get out of the rental car . he look around -- not too shabby . but upon spot a sikh cabbie in a turban , Tim straighten up and cautiously adjust he money cummerbund . as he walk toward the entrance , a pretty but gaunt young woman in a short denim skirt , bree , 22 , approach he . bree hey man , can I bum a heater ? tim what 's that now ? bree a cigarette ? tim oh , I be like , " this gal want to borrow my heater ? " tss. but no , sorry , can not help you there . bree you here for the convention ? tim you bet . Tim lippe . northland insurance . how `bout yourself ? bree ah , bree . I be bree . they shake hand . tim well bree , it 's nice to meet you . but let I give you a trade secret . ( stage whisper ) keep smoking and you premium will go through the roof . bree thanks Mr. surgeon General . ( they laugh , then ) ( more ) 22. Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 bree ( cont 'd ) if you want to party , Tim , let I know . I will be around . tim you bet . Party hearty . Nice chat with you , bree . people be so friendly . Tim enter the hotel . int . holiday inn holidome - day Tim walk in . he stroll atop the velvety green carpet , past a fountain , beneath a golden - color chandelier and make he way to the front desk -- blow away . a apple- cheek clerk , whose name tag read trent , greet he . trent check in with we , sir ? tim you tell I . never do the hotel deal before . trent well , welcome . I will just need to see a credit card for the incidentals ... tim ( read the name tag ) trent , I be give the impression that you honore traveler 's check . trent yes , we just need a imprint of you card . for the incidentals . tim traveler 's check be a fully insure method of , y'know . 100 percent . trent I be aware of that , sir . we will not charge the card unless you rent a movie or take something from the mini-bar ... tim I be a non-drinker . trent it 's standard , sir . 23. Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 Tim eye trent cautiously as he unzip he cummerbund / money belt . he remove a credit card and reluctantly hand it over . int . holiday inn holidome , hallway - moment later cell phone to he ear , Tim struggle with he bag as he walk to he room . millie ( o.s. on phone ) have you see the pool yet ? tim not yet , but I can smell it . the chlorine . it 's a super top - notch place , mil . you would be blow away . oop , 321 . I be at mis casa . just a ... lemme see how this deal work . he examine the card key . he slide it in . it do not work . tries again . do not work . each time he fail , it beep . tim ( cont 'd ) Key 's like a stinkin ' credit card . suddenly , the door open . and stand before Tim be a black man . Tim gasp , drop he suitcase , back away . millie ( o.s. on phone ) what ? what happen ? tim ( to the man ) oh jeez . I be sorry . I be ... please . ( turn , whisper into phone ) there 's a afro-american gentleman in this room . millie ( o.s. on phone ) well get the heck outta there ! Tim turn back and smile , frighten . the man look confuse . millie ( o.s. on phone ) ( cont 'd ) Tim ! run like hell , Tim ! black man be you Tim ? Tim lippe ? Tim just smile a wide , deer - in-headlights smile . black man ( cont 'd ) I be Ronald wilk . Bill krogstad say we be gonna be roommate ? 24 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 ronald wilk , 45 , be conservative in dress and demeanor . millie ( o.s. on phone ) Tim ! Tim ! tiiim ! tim ( into phone ) let I call you back , mil . Tim click off he phone , just stare at Ronald . ronald you be Tim ...? tim um. yeah . yes . you bet . for a minute there I be like , whoa , I be gonna be rob here , or ... Tim laugh loudly . Ronald just look at Tim . a beat . tim ( cont 'd ) it 's super ... just super great to meet you , Ronald . Tim shake Ronald 's hand , hold onto it for at least two second too long . ronald ok . you want to check out the room then ? int . junior suite - continuous Ronald lead Tim into the room , a junior suite with two bed , a kitchenette and a couch in the separate live room area . tim check out this dig . huzzah ! ronald yeah , you could do a lot worse . ( a serious beat ) look Tim , I gotta put the card on the table here . the reason we get the junior suite upgrade be because the hotel overbook -- wedding or some such . Point be , they be ask folk to take on a third roommate to consolidate space . now to I , be a independent owner , the savings of add a third guy sound like a real positive . ( more ) 25 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 ronald ( cont 'd ) but if you have get any qualm , I hear you L &amp ; C , that 's loud &amp ; clear . Ronald have undoubtedly be call a nerd more than once . to Tim , however , he be the embodiment of cool and hilarity . tim no. I be down . down with that . heck yeah . any idea who we be gonna be chill with , roommate - wise ? ronald no . just hope he do not snore . tim ( laugh boisterously ) can you imagine ? or someone who have terrible gas ?! like , pull my finger . brrump ! hello , no thanks ! Tim be giddy like a kid away at camp for the first time . ronald this be not woodstock , Tim . it 's a regional insurance convention . whoever it be , I be sure he will be a straight shooter . CUT to : int . holidome hallway - continuous a pair of massive , scuff wing - tip walk determinedly down the hall . we do not see the man they belong to , but we most definitely hear he as he pass various convention goer . man ( o.s. ) hey Taco Bill , be I gonna see you at horizon tonight ? I hear they get they all - you-care - to - eat pussy buffet go ! a booming laugh follow as the foot continue down the hall . int . junior suite - continuous Tim admire Ronald 's laptop . the screen saver be a photo of a billboard advertising Ronald wilk insurance . a picture of a stoic-look Ronald be the centerpiece of the billboard along with the slogan , you insurance professional . 26 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 ronald so far it 's just the one billboard north of St. cloud . course the traffic load would get I more eyeball in the twin city corridor , but at the end of the day , it 's n-t - S. not too shabby . tim ha. n-t-s . that 's hilarious . I would love to own my own agency ... the door burst open . we boom up from the scuff wing - tip to reveal dean ziegler , 45 , whose massive personality just barely hide a undercurrent of sadness and insecurity . dean baroo-baroo , let 's get this party start you mother-bbers ! Ronald deflate upon see Dean . he clearly know he . dean ( cont 'd ) Ronald wilk ! no fuck way ! the ronimal ! gimme some love - uh , my soul broth - uh ! Dean give Ronald a bear hug , lift he off the ground . ronald turn down the volume , Ziegler . you just get here , for Pete 's sake . Tim look like someone decide which direction to run from a oncoming tornado . Dean notice Tim 's look . dean what 's the matter , friend , never see a chocolate- vanilla love sandwich ?! wait until later when we get to the buttfuck ! Nah , I be have fun . Dean Ziegler . Stevens Point , Wisconsin . Tim discreetly look at the checklist krogstad give he . under avoid , it say dean ziegler . dean ( cont 'd ) do not worry , I will not bite . I be medicate . not really . but I should be . right ronimal ? so what 's you handle pal ? 27 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 ronald we draw the short straw with this pitiful reprobate , Tim . Dean , this be Tim lippe . dean call I deanzie . where you hail from , Tim lippe ? quiet-land ? tim no . I do not . I be down from Brown Valley , Wisconsin . ( pointed ) northland insurance . dean Bill krogstad 's outfit . the krogger ! ( beat , dial it way down ) aw shit . I be sorry as hell to hear about lemke 's pass up there . that guy be tit as a rep . course he think I be a big , loud asshole -- s'pose he be not too far off there . no boy , a real tragedy . tim ( suspicious ) uh , thanks . thank you . it 's ... Roger be just a super great man . dean amen . he will be in my prayer . his family , too . tragedy . all three nod . a moment of solemn silence . then : dean ( cont 'd ) well . I do not know about you wingnut , but the deanzie could use a drinkzie . what say we blow off the welcome hoo - ha and hit horizon for happy hour . two-for-one cocktail , 10 cent wing , and a all - you-care - to - eat pussy buffet ! ronald that line be unappeal last year , Dean . it remain so now . tim I be plan to watch President helgesson 's open remark . 28 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 dean oh , do not get I start on that smug fuck . orin helgesson be a-- pardon my french - - a cunt . just a steaming wet dog cunt . Tim stand there slack - jaw -- this man be evil . ronald no one 's buy the potty - mouth nonsense you be sell , Dean . Tim , you will learn to ignore this degenerate before too long . let 's go hear what orin have to say . dean Fine . have fun lady ... not . Tim and Ronald exit . Dean can not handle the momentary silence . as he lug he suitcase into the bedroom : dean ( cont 'd ) Party time . excellent . int . sunset terrace ballroom - day orin helgesson , 69 , a gentle , avuncular man with a Mr. Rogers persona , address a crowd . a banner read asmi `09 : let 's build a Bridge to the 22nd century ! hang above the podium . orin I be orin helgesson , you asmi Midwest Region chapter President . but I be not go to make you play hail to the Chief . not yet anyhow . polite laughter from the 60 or so mostly male insurance worker congregate in the sunset Terrace ballroom , which have neither a terrace nor a window through which to view a sunset . orin ( cont 'd ) seriously , we have get a great line - up for asmi `09 , with we forward - look theme , let 's build a Bridge to the 22nd century ! just so many innovation -- we newsletter , the asmi - teer be now fully digital . so a lot of we breakout session will be deal with this kind of " E - commerce " sort of thing . ( pause for polite applause ) ( more ) 29 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 orin ( cont 'd ) if you do not pick up you welcome kit , be sure and see Mike pyle , the gentleman in the -- what color 's that sweater vest Mike ? mike pyle , 35 , a round , milky -skin man who favor sweater vest , raise he hand . he 's seat near Tim and Ronald . mike pyle beige . orin in the beige sweater vest . great . orin continue o.s. but we stay with Tim and Ronald . tim ( whispering ) I be worried about this deanzie guy . Bill krogstad tell I specifically to stay the heck away from he . ronald oh , Dean run for President against orin last year -- only get four vote . he 's run again this year . he 's just full of bluster . Tim look deeply concerned . back on orin . orin ... the two diamond be give every year to the agency that best exemplify the asmi decree : " to provide high quality insurance service and related product while maintain commitment to Community , country and God . " we have a record number of entry this year -- over 15 agency compete . good luck to you all . Tim eye go wide -- do he say over 15 agency ?! tim do he say over 15 agency ? ronald yeah , it 's gonna be brutal this year . I bring my a-game though . tim you be compete ? 30 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 ronald heck yeah . it 's the first year I have ever have a real shot . but the guy you really have to worry about be Mike pyle . he own the sixth large allstate agency in the Upper Midwest . the guy 's a shark . Tim look at Mike pyle , the bland - look man in the sweater vest . Tim 's confidence be wane . back on orin : orin ... moment of silence for the man many consider to be the Michael Jordan of mutual insurance Agents . Roger lemke . orin place a 4 x 6 foot poster of Roger lemke on a easel . a period of mournful reflection follow . until orin break out in song -- be you there ? , a somber hymn . orin ( cont 'd ) be you there when they crucify my Lord ? be you there when they crucify my Lord ? Tim look around nervously as the entire room join in song . CUT to : int . holiday inn holidome , hallway - a short while later Tim pace , cell phone to he ear . tim I need to talk to you , mil . I be in over my head here . I feel like I can not even swim . it be fun at first , but now it 's like , I dunno . I need you so bad , babygirl ... a man 's voice pick up on the other end . WADE ( o.s. on phone ) millie 's in the john . tim who 's ...? Wade ? WADE ( o.s. on phone ) you bet . 31 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 tim be ...? you be at millie 's still ? WADE ( o.s. on phone ) badger hockey 's on . my cable 's out . ( silence ) you want she to give you a ring when she 's off the john ? tim um. yes , please . and just , would you tell she I love she very much . WADE ( o.s. ) you get it , bud . Tim shut he eye for a moment -- be strong . be strong . int . holidome FITNESS CENTER - a little while later Tim , in short , tube sock and a very old milwaukee buck tank top , read the diagram for the chest press machine . he give it a try , lift about 50 pound . the only other person in the room be a woman , 37 , on a treadmill . Tim glance she way , and by chance they make eye contact in the mirror . she smirk . he immediately look at the floor . we stay on Tim , lift weight , eye to the ground . but we hear the treadmill stop . finally , Tim look up to find : woman you be check I out . mortify , Tim drop the weight . they crash to they base . woman ( cont 'd ) I be gonna have to tell the hotel there 's a pervo in the fitness center hit on innocent woman . tim I ... ma'am , no . I be sorry if you ... I would not ... I have a fiancé ! woman unbelievable . that poor woman should know what you be up to . tim no , no , no , please . I do not ... the woman can not keep it in . she start laugh . 32 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 woman I be so sorry . I be totally mess with you . God , I be a jerk . tim ha. ok . that be different . ha. yes . yes you be . a real ... jerkhead . woman I be so sorry . Joan ostrowski-fox . joan ostrowski - fox , middle - management sexy , if slightly too tan , put out she hand . Tim shake it . tim Tim lippe . joan do not get lippy with I , mister . whoa . Tim be take aback by this . Joan notice Tim 's outfit . joan ( cont 'd ) so do you play professional basketball , Tim ? because that 's a pretty update uniform there . tim no I do not . I be actually in town for the asmi convention . joan oh , be that where a bunch of guy sit around a table look up the word " gullible " in a dictionary ? tim no , it 's a association of insur ... oh . you be screwing with I again . joan indeed I be . I be here for asmi , too . in from oh-my -god , nebraska . just kid -- omaha . ( wipe off some sweat ) ugh , I be gross , so I be go to bid you farewell , Tim lippe . see you at horizon tonight ? tim um. 33. Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 joan unless you be plan on spying on I in the shower . Tim redden , once again go into panic mode . Joan laugh . joan ( cont 'd ) God , I be evil . I need help . Tim try to think of something clever to say , but just sit there with he mouth open . he 's never meet a woman like this . int . locker room - a little while later Tim finish shower . he step out of the shower to find orin helgesson , completely naked . orin have just exite another shower . he smile pleasantly at Tim , also naked . orin how ya doin ' ? tim oh. I ... ok . ( then ) I ... I really enjoy you speech , President helgesson . orin you be in there ? marvelous . do you like the part about e- commerce ? tim you bet . very much , sir . orin terrific . it 's the future y'know . anyhow , I do not think we have ... tim Tim lippe . down from Brown Valley , Wisconsin . northland insurance ? a flash of emotion -- maybe even anxiety -- on orin 's face . orin whew boy . Tim , what can I say ? I just -- we be all feel it . I be so sorry for the loss ... orin put a supportive hand on Tim 's shoulder . 34 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 tim um , well , it 's rough . Real rough . like you say in you remark , Roger be not just a great rep , he be a good father and ... orin and a pilot . flew a cessna . tim yeah . it 's just rough . orin come here , son . orin give Tim a hug . Tim jut he butt out so that they penise do not touch . a janitor enter the locker room , see this odd embrace , pause a beat and hurriedly exit . tim thank you . the embrace run its course . Tim be not sure where to look . orin Tim , I know Bill 's look to retire and from the sound of it he 's on the hook for a pretty sweet time share . tim yeah , it sound pretty top-notch . orin I want to help he find a buyer , and God know I will try my darnedest . but -- and it pain I to say this -- there 's a petition go around try to rescind all of northland ' two diamond Award . tim what ?! orin I know . but let 's be honest , one of the core tenet of the two diamond be commitment to God . and the way Roger pass on ... well , some folk be say that type of activity be not entirely " godly . " Tim shake he head , disbely . 35 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 orin ( cont 'd ) you have to understand , this be not some namby - pamby local event . this be a regional convention , Tim . now , I want to help you , but you be go to have to help yourself too . orin go to he locker , remove a folder . orin ( cont 'd ) let I give you a few extra drink coupon for horizon . get down there -- fellowship and network . buy a few drink . let `em see the good side of northland insurance -- the wholesome side , ok ? tim thank you President helgesson . orin please . orin . and if you need anything , Tim -- I mean anything -- I be up in the Tiffany suite . room 411 . balcony overlook the pool . Tim accept the stack of drink ticket . he 's scared shitless . int . horizon bar &amp ; grille - night Tim , with taupe turtleneck tuck in to pleate corduroy , hesitates at the threshold of horizon , a brightly light , aeronautically - theme establishment . the cavernous bar be largely empty . Tim consider he drink coupon . dean ( o.s. ) timbo ! over here roomie ! Dean sit alone at the bar . Tim reluctantly go to he . dean ( cont 'd ) how 's she hang Big Tim ? Big time Big Tim ... tim hello Dean . dean it 's deanzie , c'mon . ( shout at bartender ) ahoy cap and , we get a thirsty sailor over here ! ( more ) 36 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 dean ( cont 'd ) ( re. the bartender ) kid be in the navy . seaman . Dean nudge Tim and laugh as the bartender , 25 , approach . bartender what can I getcha ? tim ah . do you guy have root beer ? dean you want a nipple with that ? tim ah , why would I need a nipple ...? dean ach , I be busting you ball . you do not get out much , do you buddy ? ( spot Tim 's drink coupon ) whoa , who would you have to blow to get all that ? tim I do not ... nobody . President helgesson give they to I . dean smug fuck . try to poison my roommate with he b-s propaganda . tim I really do not ... orin , President helgesson , he want to help I meet people . just be friendly . dean ( soften , fatherly ) wow -wow - wow , you be naïve . a rail cocktail 's , what , four buck ? Times that by 10 drink coupon . we be talk 40 large , Tim . do not sound so friendly anymore , do it ? sound more like one of this I - scratch - your-back -you-scratch - mine deal . ( off Tim 's confuse look ) I bet ol ' orin invite you up to the Tiffany suite , too , hmm ? fourth floor ? View of the pool ? yup . ( lean in , conspiratorial ) cocksucker 's buy you vote , pal . 37 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 Tim shudder . Dean gesture for Tim to act natural as Ronald enter with a taciturn latino man , bill hernandez . dean ( cont 'd ) ronimal ! Taco Bill ! over here ! ( to tim ) Bill hernandez . I call he Taco bill. mexican . later -- lubricate insurance worker be now sing karaoke . orin and Mike pyle , the sweater vest guy , sit at a table in back . orin look at Tim with concern as Dean regales he . dean so Big time Tim , what be you look for pussy - wise here in Cedar crapid ? tim ah , that would be nothing ... Tim display a photo of millie ( a portrait from the junior high where she teach ) in he wallet . dean that you mom ? tim no . no it be not . millie and I be engage . to be marry . ronald you be marry yourself , Ziegler . the heck 's you moral compass ? dean my moral compass be point true north , if you read I . right Taco Bill ? Taco Bill sigh and wander off to get a drink . dean ( cont 'd ) and by the way , ronimal -- I be marry . be . ronald oh jeez . you and patti split ? sorry to hear that . dean ( barely cover the pain ) ah , she 's a fuck asshole . ( more ) 38 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 dean ( cont 'd ) together 17 year . lucky if one of `em be decent . ass . fucking . hole . it 's a weird moment . Dean take a drink , laugh it off . dean ( cont 'd ) what I be talk about anyway , ronimal , be that from what I can deduce , young timbo lippe here have lead a -- shall I say -- shelter existence . and I think we oughta help he , y'know , aroo-aroo ! Dean raise he drink heroically . no one else join he . ronald asmi be not a vacation for everybody , Dean . end of the day , Tim 's here to work and to win . for he agency . tim exactly . and p-s , I would never , ever have " relation " or whatever with another woman . as fate -- that wily minx -- would have it ... joan ( o.s. ) hubba-hubba , check out this stud . it 's Joan ostrowski - Fox , the woman Tim meet in the gym . Dean and Ronald get up , greet she warmly . Tim look at he soda . ronald Joan ostrowski-fox . dean the o - Fox ! Joan do a ironic , flirtatious curtsy . joan here she be , miss America . ronald you fly in from omaha , Joan ? joan yup . and boy be my arm tired . Ronald giggle , more animated than we have see he . 39 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 joan ( cont 'd ) no , not really . I drive . deanzie , let I say ... ( do billy Crystal character ) ... you look maah-velous ! dean ( do a bad Austin power ) oh yeah baby . shag -a-licious ! they laugh . Tim stare ahead , wishing for invisibility . dean ( cont 'd ) Tim , this be the Queen bee of asmi , Joan ostrowski - Fox . the o-fox . Tim turn around , act like he just now recognize Joan . tim hey . ha. from the fitness center . joan hey ! it 's Tim " do not get lippy with I " lippe . ronald you guy meet ? joan oh yeah , and I be very naughty in there . I be sorry about that , Tim . dean no she 's not . joan no I be not . ( then ) Shots ! what will it be , gentleman ? dean oh yeah , jaeger time ! ronald oh what the heck . drambuie . joan lippe ? tim oh , I do not , ah ... the peer pressure ! Tim scan the liquor behind the bar , settles on a bottle that look impressive . 40 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 tim ( cont 'd ) ah ... grenadine ? please . slam CUT to : shot pounding - moment later Joan , Ronald and Dean wince as they slam they shot . Tim sip the thick red syrup , surprised by its sweetness . joan careful you do not get too load , lippe , or I might have to take advantage of you . Joan squeeze Tim 's thigh . Tim bolt off of he stool . tim it 's be a super long day . I , ah , better ... good night ... Tim awkwardly leave the bar . Dean nudge Joan . dean ( sing Hall &amp ; oate ) whoa -o here she come -- she 's a man eater ! as Tim hurry out of the bar , bree , the woman in the denim skirt who Tim meet outside enter . she 's lock arm with a stout insurer , 49 . Tim pause long enough to say hi . tim hello bree . bree ( vaguely sexy ) hey . hey . with that , Tim be go ... int . millie' live room - night millie be on the phone in she bathrobe . her dog sit with she . millie marlene 's brother 's back in the hospital , so bridge get cancel . so we just watch hockey . tim ( o.s. on phone ) we ? 41 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 Wade be still there watch tv . he 's drink a beer . millie I and Wade . int . junior suite - continuous Tim sit on a roll - away bed in he pajamas . he 's on he cell . tim Wade . millie ( o.s. on phone ) he say hey . tim oh. tell he hey . millie ( o.s. on phone ) Tim say hey ... a beat of silence . Tim look irritate . millie ( o. S. on phone ) ( cont 'd ) I pick up that diet wet food for brandy today . tim I have to do some work before bed , so ... millie ( o. S. on phone ) ( terse ) well I should let you go . tim no , it 's -- I love you so bad , babygirl . it 's so hard here . I just miss you . millie ( o.s. on phone ) I miss you , too , Tim . but this be you decision . you have to act like a big boy now . tim tss. yeah , yeah . keep remind I . millie ( o.s. on phone ) you will be fine . just be careful . tim ok . you , too . I love you . 42 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 Tim hang up , world - weary . int . junior suite bathroom - a little while later Tim sit on the toilet . his laptop sit on the counter , the two diamond presentation on the screen . he practice for the full - length mirror on back of the bathroom door . tim current risk mitigation mechanism available to hog farm operation include future and option to ... the bathroom door open . it 's deanzie . Tim shriek . tim ( cont 'd ) I be in here ! dean ( whispering ) I know . this need to be private . ( whiff ) whoa . something do not agree with you , do it ? second think , meet I in the stairwell after you wrap thing up in here . int . stairwell - a little while later deanzie sip from a mini-bar bottle of rum as Tim , now in a flannel bathrobe and slipper , enter the dingy stairwell . tim what the heck be go on here ? dean you sound like my fuckin ' wife , timbo. Jesus . ex , I should say . ex . Dean sit heavily on the cement stair . he hiccup , burp . Tim look at Dean with a feel that border pity . tim be you drunk ? dean fuck yeah ! ( calm himself , whisper ) fuck yeah . but we do not get to finish we little confab back at the bar . I figure some shit out . ( more ) 43. Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 dean ( cont 'd ) like I tell you , no shocker -- helgesson 's butter you up to get you in he camp , because he know you and I be close ... tim we be not close ... dean Close enough . you be voting for I for President , right ? tim no I be not . dean well anyway , there 's a petition go around try to take away you company 's two diamond Award . tim I know . I hear . dean well hear this : after you leave the bar , Mike pyle come up to I -- pyle of shit , I call he -- and he ask do I want to sign this thing . and I go , " lemke might have be a class - a deviant , but the guy be tit as a rep ... " tim pardon my french , Dean , but that 's a bunch of bull roar . my boss , Bill krogstad ? he tell I how you call up Joyce armbrüster and smear Roger 's name all over town ... dean Joyce who ...? oh , no - no - no , whoa - whoa -whoa , that old whore call me. harping about lemke be a pervert and how she want to take she business elsewhere . so I say , " ok , I will run some number . " well , she call back later that same day , say she get krogstad to lower she premium . which be all the greasy twat want in the first place . tim so wait , you do not call she ? 44 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 dean I may be a lot of thing , but poacher be not one of `em . Tim let this sink in . Dean hiccup and burp again . tim so what 's with this petition ? dean personally ? I think Mike pyle of shit start the thing as a way to drive down the price of you agency . dollar to donut he want to swoop in and pick up northland at a bargain basement price . and you know what else I think ? I think orin 's in on the deal somehow . what ? that 's impossible . tim what ? that 's impossible . dean I can not quite figure it myself , but I know what I know . and what I know be you be wading into some duvious , er dubious , shit . just be careful . Tim look shell - shocked . what a long , long day it 's be . dissolve to : a series of shot -- as slumber overtake the holidome - in joan ostrowski - fox be room : Joan be bent over she tub , apply a clairol Nice ` not easy home hair color kit . she get up , put on a shower cap . she apply cold cream to she face . she look tired and decidedly middle - age . - in the hallway : bree drunkenly escort a different insurer back to he room . - in the junior suite bedroom : Ronald sleep soundly , gently snore . Tim toss and turn in he cot . he look out into the live room where he see : deanzie at the desk chair , gently masturbate . we move in to see what he 's look at : a photo of a woman in a bikini . she 's attractive enough , carry a few too many pound . certainly no supermodel . pull out to reveal : 45 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 the woman be the subject of a Christmas photo card . the type script read , happy holiday from Dean &amp ; patti Ziegler . Christmas ` 93 , Panama City Beach , fla . next to the woman stand a young , slimmer deanzie . fade out : int . sunset terrace ballroom - the next morning Tim hold hand with Ronald and a doughy man at a round table in a room full of people hold hand . orin say a prayer . orin ... in you name we pray Lord Jesus , Son of God , author of we salvation , we redeemer , we Truth . amen . amen . the gather insurer head to the breakfast buffet . ronald orin know how to lead a prayer breakfast , tell you what . tim hmm ...? oh. yeah . ronald Little overwhelming ? all this ? tim hello , thank you . I feel like my head be gonna like ... ( make explosion face ) y'know ? ronald oh I hear ya L &amp ; c. loud and clear . I be the same way when I first come to asmi . the decide which break - out session to attend , plus the politics , the pressure , the not know who to trust ... orin catch Tim 's eye , give he a friendly wink . just then , Tim 's phone ring . he look at the caller id . tim Excuse I , Ronald . it 's my boss . ( answer phone ) this be Tim . 46 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 int . / ext . bill krogstad' buick lesabre - day Bill krogstad talk on the phone as he drive . his wife , dione , crochet in the passenger 's seat . bill krogstad tim. Bill krogstad . get a call from orin helgesson . tell I he 's worried about you . tell I you be palling around with Dean Ziegler . laugh at he joke , buy he drink ... tim ( o.s. on phone ) I ... no ... bill krogstad what 's the one thing I tell you to do ? the one thing , Tim ? steer clear of Dean Ziegler . goddamnit , you be louse the whole thing up ! dione krogstad Bill ... bill krogstad not now dione . int . holidome lobby - continuous Tim try to get a word in . tim Bill , I ... that Dean Ziegler -- he be try to warn I about orin . bill krogstad ( o.s. on phone ) warn you about orin ? orin helgesson have be asmi Midwest Region President for 13 year ! he be a legend ! and what do you do ?! you go and pal around with he swear enemy -- who , p.s. , be a drunken loser ! tim Bill , I be sorry ... int . bill krogstad' lesabre - continuous krogstad punch the car roof . 47 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 bill krogstad I send you to asmi to restore we image , Tim . one day into the deal you be louse the whole thing up ! ( to dione ) see how far gladstone be from Cedar rapid , dione . look in the atla . dione krogstad you be not drive to Iowa , Bill . this be you daughter 's wedding . bill krogstad oh cripe , you know as well as I do that polack 's gonna head for the hill the second he get he papers . but no , you want to end up in the poor house , dione , we will go . let 's just keep on cash check we do not have ... dione krogstad we be go to we daughter 's wedding , Bill . int . holidome lobby - continuous Tim deflate , actually fight back tear . tim I do not know I do anything wrong . bill krogstad ( o.s. on phone ) well you better try do something right , lippe . because if you keep louse up , we all by god starve ! and do not you tell I to calm down dione ! krogstad hang up . rattled , Tim hurry for the exit . he get in the revolve door when he spot Joan ostrowski - Fox outside have a cigarette . Rather than face she , Tim keep go in the revolve door . but she see he and wave . ext . holidome - continuous Tim do one more turn in the revolve door and step out . joan I be a very bad girl . but I swear I only smoke in Cedar rapid . Care for a Virginia slim , lippe ? 48 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 Tim just shake he head , unable to hide he despondence . joan ( cont 'd ) whoa , what 's wrong ? tim mm , I do not know . only everything . Joan give he a kind , gentle smile . CUT to : ext . cedar rapid park - day ( a little while later ) Tim and Joan swing on a swing set in a dreary little park overlook the Cedar River . it be a cold , gray day . tim he do not have to yell at I . I do not do anything wrong . I be try my hardest . joan d' you want I to kick he butt ? tim could you ? joan absolutely . I know krogstad . I could take he . ` side , I be a ninja . a nin - jette , actually . hoo-waaaah ! ( tim chuckle ) so lippe , how would you end up in the insurance game ? God that sound dorky -- insurance game . ( do 40s - style cagney ) look here , see , how would you end up in the insurance game , see ...? tim you be freaky . ( laugh , then ) no , it 's kind of weird how I get interested in insurance , actually . when I be six , my dad get kill in a sawmill accident . joan oh my God . 49 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 tim yeah . not good . but after he die , we insurance agent fight like a tiger against the sawmill to make sure I and my mom be take care of . and we be . ( beat ) the crazy thing -- we agent be actually Bill krogstad . joan no way . really ? tim he have just open northland . anyway , I remember think , this guy 's a hero . a real hero . so even if he do not always treat I , like y'know ... whatever now -- I will never forget that . Tim jump off the swing , take care not to slip in the snow . Joan jump off . they walk toward the river , silent for a bit . tim ( cont 'd ) this river -- the Cedar River ? it flood the whole city a couple year ago . joan I remember that . massive disaster . tim people talk about the firemen and policeman and that . but think about all the claim in a disaster like that -- how hard that agent work to make sure people 's life be not leave in the lurch . we be talk billion of dollar in damage , literally . and claim by claim , dream by dream , that agent help rebuild this city . I be tell you , it 's a noble call . I really believe that . joan you realize you just make it sound cool to be a insurance salesman ? you be a hero , lippe . tim tss. I wish . 50 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 joan no , I can tell . you be the superman type . kind of dweeby on the surface but a real frickin ' stud underneath . they would call you insurance man -- put a big red " I " on you chest ... tim well , even if you be be full of it , thanks for say that anyway . joan well , you be welcome . ( then ) so can you fly I back to the hotel , insurance man ? I be freezing my arse off . he laugh , sufficiently cheer up . she snap she finger and start head back . int . holidome hallway - day Dean and orin argue . Ronald try to stay out of it . dean I be say a Bridge to the 22nd century be a stupid theme , helgesson . not a goddamn one of we be even go to be alive in the 22nd century ... orin oh , and I suppose under a Dean Ziegler administration , we would just abandon e- commerce and all that , huh ? what 's you take , Ronald ? ronald end of the day , you know I be a big supporter of yours , orin ... dean stab I in the fuck back why do not you , wilk ... ronald why would I stab you in the back , Dean , when I be tell you to you face that I think you would be a lousy President ? 51 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 that deflate the tension . the three man be laugh as Tim approach . Dean spot he first . dean timbo ! sorry about that gigantic boner I get while we be spoon . Tim freeze , look at orin . tim we do not spoon , orin ... orin to each he own , Tim . ( give Tim a kind wink ) I be teasing , of course . well , I gotta run to a executive Council meeting . you fella really ought to check out Mike pyle 's prop / cas seminar ... dean pyle of shit . orin Mike 's a dynamite orator . I think you would enjoy it . we will see ya . orin walk away . dean smug fuck . ( then , to Tim &amp ; Ronald ) so who 's ready for a drink ? ronald it 's 11 in the morning . dean ( mimic ) it 's 11 in the morning . can you believe this guy ? c'mon timbo , let 's get the flock outta here . tim you need to leave I alone . Dean and Ronald watch curiously as Tim practically run away . 52 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 int . meeting room - later that morning Tim , Ronald and Joan sit on fold chair in the front row . Mike pyle , he creamy skin offset by a aquamarine sweater vest , speak with subdued energy to the half - full room . mike pyle I would like to share a humorous anecdote . a gentleman be drown in a lake or pond , and he 's 20 foot offshore . well , along come a actuary . and this actuary see the drown gentleman and throw he a 11 foot rope . and the gentleman say , " but I be 20 foot offshore ! " and the actuary say , " well , I be meeting you more than halfway . " the room bust up laugh . Tim take note . mike pyle ( cont 'd ) so property / Casualty insurance , or prop / cas , it 's one of the most dynamic area of we industry ... Mike pyle pause as a HOTEL clerk enter , whisper something to he and hand he a note . Mike read the note . mike pyle ( cont 'd ) ah , be there a Tim lip in here ? there 's a emergency call . Tim look concerned as he rise . int . holidome front desk - moment later Tim take the phone from the desk clerk . tim hello . voice ( o.s. on phone ) ( chinese accent ) herro Mr. Tim , my name Chin chang . there bad news about you fiancé . tim millie ? something happen ...? voice ( o.s. on phone ) ah , you wise man Mr. Tim . she die in horrible car accident ... 53. Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 Tim 's stomach drop . voice ( o.s. on phone ) ( cont 'd ) ... but she die wish for you , Mr. Tim , to get shit - face with deanzie . whip pan to reveal Dean on another house phone . dean timbo ! turn around ! Tim turn , see Dean . a torrent of anger rise . Tim charge at Dean . he shove he . Dean be a much larger man and be therefore impervious to Tim 's inelegant , girlish assault . despite the low - key nature of the melee , it draw the attention of trent , the desk clerk . trent gentlemen ! I will call security . Tim deflate . he give Dean one more shove . Dean laugh . tim what the h do I ever do to you , you a-hole . Tim walk away . Dean call after he . dean come on bud , I be have fun . int . junior suite - a little while later Tim sit on he cot . he be on he cell phone . tim I just want to hear you voice . millie ( o.s. on phone ) brandy , no ! bad girl ! sorry , she 's give I grief over this new wet food . what do you need now , Tim ? tim nothing . nothing really ... millie ( o.s. on phone ) well I for one feel like I ought to be on the fire department , I be put out so many fire . Lucy kofnetka ask I to do altar guild for she . again . 54 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 tim oh. millie ( o.s. on phone ) patti tell I Lucy 's see some guy who do not even go to church , so she apparently feel no need to maintain she responsibil ... brandy ! no ! she 's go number two on the floor ! no ! you get outside ! I will call you later , Tim ... he hang up . he exhales . he look out the window : a applebee 's . a Super target . traffic on the distant interstate . something be bubbling in Tim -- maybe not cauldron of lava ; more like a cup of soup leave in the microwave a bit too long . but still , there 's a boil , churn glow behind he eye . int . nottingham banquet room - continuous Tim determinedly enter a banquet room where vendor have set up booth . he approach a woman at a table with a sign that say met life scavenger hunt ! tim I would like to sign up for the scavenger hunt . woman Super . teaming with a co-worker or be you in need of a partner ? ( off Tim 's look ) this be a team event , like the amazing Race . on tv ? but instead of go around the world , you look for stuff in Cedar rapid . and instead of a million dollar , the win team get a $ 75 gift card for westdale , which be ... tim Eastern Iowa 's large two -story mall . I know . sweet . ( a think , a moment ) and yes , I do have a teammate . int . holidome hallway ( outside the conference room ) - day Ronald and Joan exit the seminar . they spot Tim . 55 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 ronald everything ok ? joan yeah , what be that call ? tim oh , nothing . say Joan , you have something on you blouse . Joan look down at she blouse . Tim flick she chin . tim ( cont 'd ) burn . joan ( laugh ) you be very weird ... tim ( bad elvis impersonation ) thank you . thank you very much . ( awkward ) so , ah , I sign you up for the scavenger hunt . to be my teammate . in the scavenger hunt . joan really ? why ? tim uh , well I ... because Ronald already have a teammate ... ronald Bill hernandez ? joan Taco Bill . tim ... and I think you would -- we would -- be y'know , a decent team . so ... ( then , firm ) I think you should do it . joan heck yeah ! I get to be insurance man 's sidekick . we be go to kick some ass ! a few people look curiously at Joan . Tim stand up a bit straighter . this be good . this be good . 56 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 int . sunset terrace ballroom - later that day orin , in a theme - appropriate safari hat , address the 10 team . among they : Tim &amp ; Joan , Ronald &amp ; Taco Bill , Mike pyle &amp ; a frizzy -haired woman . Dean be absent . orin like last year there will be a few physical challenge ... tim ( to joan ) I be super pump ! joan ( whisper ) whoo-hoo . orin course this should be consider a fun event , in the spirit of team building . you can find you first clue " under the sea . " by which I mean in the pool area . so ready , set , race ! as the team take off for the pool , Dean enter . Tim pause long enough to say : tim you be go down , a-hole . just then , Dean 's partner , a man in a electric wheelchair , perry kuhn , 29 , roll in . they high five and whoo-hoo . dean let 's roll , perry -- perry-plegic . get it , like paraplegic ? but ... perry yeah . good one , dean-tard . like retard , but dean-tard . get it ? Dean laugh as he and perry follow the other contestant . int . holidome pool area - a little while later the pool be large and reasonably impressive , with a slide , lawn furniture , a whirlpool and a video arcade nearby . the contestant rush in . Tim spot something on the bottom of the pool . a series of brick spell out : planet x. 57 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 tim check it out -- Planet x! Tim unzip he hide cummerbund / money belt . he pull out a small laminate packet , hold together with metal ring . tim ( cont 'd ) I compile a ton of info on Cedar rapid . I have get a sweet laminator in my basement . joan ooh , that 's hot ... tim ( flip through he packet ) ... Maps , area attraction , crime stat , local custom ... joan look at you ... tim bingo ! right here -- Planet X family fun Center . let 's go . Act natural . Joan crack up . they walk out casually . for good measure : joan what a gyp . there be no stinkin ' clue in here . int . / ext . tim' rental car - day Tim and Joan laugh as he peel out of the parking lot . tim ok , I think we be go to want to take Blair 's ferry Road to Avenue C , then probably east on 100 . joan why would you possibly know that ? tim I memorize the major thoroughfare and landmark in the metro area . Rather than say anything , Joan just shake she head and turn on the radio . groove be in the heart kick in , provide a : music bed over : 58 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 the scavenger hunt montage -- int . planet X family fun CENTER - day Tim , Joan and the other team bound through a huge , martian - theme ball pit . they start digging through the ball . perry sit dejectedly off to the side in he wheelchair . Tim and Ronald shove past Mike pyle , knock he down . Tim be the first to discover a foam " moon rock " amid the ball . the rock read , " asmi rock ! " tape to the bottom , a message : tim ( read message ) " you have see the future , now Czech out Cedar rapid 's past . " but it 's Czech , like Czechoslovakia . c'mon ! series of shot -- - at the national czech museum : a traditionally costume czech woman , 80 , show Tim and Joan how to paint a egg . the egg be lovely , with intricate pattern and vibrant color . - in the car : Joan read through Tim 's laminate booklet as he drive . she 's really get into it , too . Tim 's phone keep ringing . it 's millie . he ignore it . - in a gymnasium : Ronald awkwardly try to make a basket , become upset when he miss . Joan swishes a 3 - pointer . - at a dairy farm : the team milk cow . Mike pyle be particularly proficient . Dean can not help himself . dean know what that cow 's think , pyle ? she 's think , " quit pull on my tit and fuck I already . " - in a parking lot : Dean load perry into a handicap - accessible van as Mike pyle and he partner blow past they . - at the iowa pork shrine : Joan gobbles down hot dog in a speed eat contest . Tim cheer she on . joan ugh . I be gonna puke . tim no , you be do great , Joan . and you look super awesome with a wiener in you mouth . 59 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 joan ( stunne , mouth full ) oh my God , do you just make a dick joke , lippe ? tim no . ( giggle , with pride ) maybe . Joan bite seductively into she hot dog . the other be close behind . except Ronald 's partner , Taco Bill , who be vomit . ext . silo adventure park - day ( late afternoon ) the sun be low . Long , phallic shadow be cast by a series of 70 - foot silo which be cover with thick sheet of ice . Tim and Joan run up to orin , who be wait by the silo . orin ok guy , this be it . first team to complete this challenge win the whole shootin ' match . ( unfurl a scroll , read ) asmi 's past be behind we ; but we future look nice ; let 's build a Bridge to the 22nd century ... by scale this silo of ice ! some dude with ice climb equipment -- rope , pick , etc . appear . Tim look petrify . Joan shake she head . joan that do not even ... there 's no such thing as silo ice climb . tim no , it 's actually a big thing in Iowa . ABC news do a story about it . I see it on YouTube . joan of course you do . well , you can do it then ... tim uh-uh , absolutely not . I be scared crapless of height . joan you need to get over it , lippe , cuz I be not climb jack . ( more ) 60 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 joan ( cont 'd ) come on insurance man - - leap tall building in a single bound and all that ... Tim 's nostril flair . just then , Mike pyle and he partner arrive . Tim look to the top of the silo . it be dizzyingly high . he shut he eye for a moment , exhales . tim yeah . let 's do this thing . orin turn on a boom box , which blast some triumphant music ( whitesnake 's here I go again , perhaps ) . quick cut : the dude get Tim and Mike pyle into they climb gear -- harness , helmet , crampon . and they start climb . sort of . Tim jam he pick into the ice . he try to pull himself up , but can not . Mike fare worse . he can not even get he pick to stick in the ice . tim ( cont 'd ) hang on ... how 's it ...? mike pyle Little help here ... the dude shout instruction . Tim and Mike try again . to no avail . neither could do a pull - up if he life depend on it . a little while later -- all the contestant have show up . but not a damn one of they can get more than a foot off the ground . tim ugh . this be frickin ' hard . ronald really hard . dean I think I just shit my pants . Joan cheer . orin look to the dude , who shrug . a little while later -- orin talk on he cell phone , confer . the contestant wait in a field , shiver . the sun be get lower . orin hang up , sigh , shut off the uplift music . 61 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 orin ok gang , that be Rick martini with the National chapter . here 's the deal . since no one could do the final task , and since Joan and Tim be the first team to get here , we be just gonna go ahead and award they the first place prize . unless anyone 's get a problem with that ? Ronald mutter to himself , frustrated with he performance . ronald dangit . you could have do better , wilk . tim wait , we win ? orin yup . so here you guy go . you $ 75 gift card for the westdale mall . orin hand Joan the gift card . despite the anticlimax , Tim be overjoy . he pick up Joan and spin she around . everyone else just wander away . dissolve to : int . tim' rental car ( drive ) - that evening Tim be ebullient . Joan ride shotgun . the screen on Tim 's phone say that he 's miss 11 call . it ring again . tim oh crap . I forget ... ( answer phone ) hey , millie . millie ( o.s. on phone ) I have be try to reach you for the last eight hour , timothy . I be go to call the police . where have you be ? tim I be sorry , mil . I sign up for this scavenger hunt , and check it out -- we win ! my teammate and I , that be . Joan . joan hi millie ! 62 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 tim that be Joan say hi . ( beat , to Joan ) millie say hi . millie ( o.s. on phone ) I do not say hi . I do not say anything . if you have ask , I would have tell you that I have be at the vet half the day because brandy swallow a pencil eraser . something dawns on Tim -- who give a shit . he glance at Joan and she skirt and she expose knee . millie ( o.s. on phone ) ( cont 'd ) lucky for we it come out naturally or we would have be look at surgery . Tim pull into a spot in the westdale mall parking lot . he gesture for Joan to wait a second . joan I will just meet you inside . tim ok . sound good . ( to millie ) sorry mil , go ahead . int . millie' live room - continuous millie look wounded . millie so who 's this Joan ? ext . westdale mall - continuous Tim get out of the car . tim just some gal from omaha they pair I up with . between you and I , she 's a little different . Real hyper -- one of this type who kind of overdo it . but for a 75 dollar gift card , I be not go to complain . 63. Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 millie ( o.s. on phone ) you promise you would check in with I . I be very disappointed . tim ( playful ) ok , Mom ... silence . it 's as though a profound revelation have just slip out . as if , in a instant , everything have change . int . millie' live room - continuous millie 's heart sink . she look at she beanie Babies . millie well . you obviously have more important thing to do than talk to I . my brother and I be just get ready to go for fish at the eagle anyhow . reveal : Wade be sit in he rightful throne , watch a aerobics show on tv . millie snap at he . millie ( cont 'd ) go warm up the car , Wade . tim ( o.s. on phone ) mil , I do not ... millie it 's fine . you will call I some time when it 's convenient for you , Tim . good night . millie hang up . Wade give she a supportive shrug . ext . westdale mall - continuous Tim snap he phone shut . what just happen ? he consider he option for a moment . int . westdale mall - moment later Joan window shop at a lensCrafter . Tim approach she . tim hey . what say we just use the gift certificate to get a nice supper here ? at the mall . 64 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 Joan smile at he , and we : CUT to : int . olive garden - a little while later Tim approach the olive Garden maître D '. tim we have a gift card . but I do not make a reservation . be that ok ? save for three table of elderly people , the place be empty . maître D ' right this way , sir . Tim raise he eyebrow to Joan - - not too shabby . int . olive garden , romantic booth - a little while later Tim and Joan be seat in a candlelit booth . Opera muzak tinkle . if you do not know this to be a mall - base chain , you might think it a romantic italian restaurant . maybe . a acne-scarred waiter , 21 , approach with a tray . waiter coor lite for the madam . a cream sherry for monsieur . and here be some bottomless bread stick . tim Nice . thanks . the waiter exit . Tim raise he glass for a toast . tim ( cont 'd ) to victory . to new friend . to life . and all the joy of live it . joan that 's really nice . cheer . they clink glass . Tim take a dainty sip of he sherry . tim mm , it do taste a lot like communion wine . awesome . 65 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 later -- Joan feed Tim a bite of she lasagna . a bit stick to he chin . she wipe it off , semi-seductively . Tim laugh . joan so lippe , I be try to figure you out . hope , dream , aspiration , blah- blah -blah ? whaddaya get ? tim mine ? let 's see . um . I would love -- some day -- to put a little greenhouse in my backyard . joan dream the impossible dream ... tim no , I have actually see some fairly decent portable one at fleet farm that will not break the bank ... joan c'mon , man . I mean fantasy - land stuff . what do you really want ? a beat . he take a sip of sherry , shrug . tim well . I always hope I could take over northland when Bill retire . but that obviously be not go to happen now . joan oh , screw he . he want to sell , why do not you just buy northland ? tim yeah right . joan why not ? you could get a loan . tim I do not ... probably not . joan you know the business . you know the client . you actually care about you job . you would be perfect . 66 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 tim grrrr. ha. time out . sheesh . let 's . ( beat ) ok . what I would really like be a family . to be a dad . so kid , I guess , that 's what I really want . joan yeah well , you can have mine . tim you have get kid ? Joan take out she blackberry . the screensaver be a family portrait : Joan , a man with a goatee , and two cute kide . all of they be dress in denim . joan Tyler 's ten . Ashley will be eight next month . my little squirrel . tim awesome . beautiful kid . and that 's ...? joan my hubby . Rich fox. richie . we meet when we be both rotary exchange student in high school . live in Norway for a semester . tim Norway . joan I be such a spaz . Band geek , total ugly duckling -- brace , acne , the whole nine . I do not even get boob until college . anyway , we end up get marry sophomore year . then kid . then blah-blah -blah , and here we be . richie 's a supervisor in the Parks Department now . for the County . tim wow . Tim do not hide he shock well . Joan see it . joan I know it 's effed up . and if I have it all to do over again , I do not know what I would choose . ( more ) 67 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 joan ( cont 'd ) but I do not have that option . so this be my fantasy - land , Tim . Cedar rapid . asmi . this . I come here , and for a few day I be someone else . no kid . no husband . no responsibility . Wild woman . ( a ironic growl ) sometimes a gal just need a vacation from who she really be -- know what I mean , lippe ? Tim nod but look more confuse than ever . int . tim' rental car - later that night Tim drive . the olive Garden doggie bag sit in Joan 's lap . silence , other than the radio . after a bit : tim ok . I think of another one . joan one what ? tim wish . or dream or whatever . it 's still small potato compare to ... joan no , let 's hear it ... tim ... to all you have do -- Norway and all that , but ... ( beat ) do you watch american idol ever ? joan you wanna be on american idol ? tim no-no-no. negative ! sheesh . but I do enjoy watch it quite a bit . Randy 's always like , " that 's awesome , dawg ! " and Simon 's such a-- ( mediocre british accent ) " oh , I be so superior . " ( then ) anyhow I be think of maybe try -- try -- to get a solo in my choir . at church . I mean , it 's all super political . but I be a fair to middlin ' baritone , so ... 68 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 he shrug . Joan fight she instinct to tease he . joan that 's great , Tim . you will do it . I know you will . very cool . he shrug again , but now he 's grin from ear to ear . int . holidome lobby - later that night Tim yawn as he and Joan enter the lobby . joan wanna get one for the road , stud ? tim oh no , I have to practice my two diamond presentation . I can not ... joan one nightcap . it will loosen you up . Tim look at the ground . he look up , try to make a joke . tim ha. nightcap . kneecap , more like ... joan what ? tim yes . she look at he oddly as he charge ahead to the bar . int . horizon bar &amp ; grille - night Taco Bill sing don't stop believe on the karaoke stage . bree , wear a new denim skirt , grind on the dance floor with yet another insurer . Dean watch the action . dean timbo and the o - Fox ! wonder when you crazy kid be gonna show up . he usher they to the bar , where Ronald be seat . ronald can I buy the big-shot winner a drink ? coor lite for Joan . and Tim , you want a pop ? 69 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 tim actually , do they have cream sherry ? ronald cream sherry . jeez , guess that victory really do go to you head . joan coor lite 's good for I , thanks . I gotta run wash my hand quick . Joan exit . Ronald go to order the drink . dean you tag that yet , timbo ? Bet she 's moist as a damp sponge , huh ? tim she be married . and you be just ... what be wrong with you ? dean shit , what be not wrong I ? I drink too much , I weigh too much , I piss people off . speak of , that crank call earlier -- way outta line . people be right , I be a asshole . tim well . yeah . you kind of be . but I guess I have see worse . dean I love it ! " I guess I have see worse . " I love it ! ( big laugh , then ) yeah shit , s'pose we all wish we life have go a little different . you do not come into this deal go , " dear God , please let my wife toss I out on my ass . please give my child the courage to hate my fuck gut . thank you Jesus . praise Jesus ! praise Jesus ! " ach , I be just have fun . ( cross himself , look heavenward ) no offense Big man ! right , timbo ? Dean laugh heartily . it 's a deeply uncomfortable moment . Tim look around . he see Joan talk to the karaoke dj . thankfully , Ronald return with the drink . 70 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 tim Ronald ! hello . ( take he drink ) thanks mucho ... so Ronald , what 's you situation ? you marry , or ...? ronald negative . I be pretty well marry to Ronald wilk insurance . I also do quite a bit of work with the St. cloud chamber . I be senior warden at my church . so really , no time for a Mrs. Ronald wilk . tim wow . ronald do not get I wrong , I have my guilty pleasure -- antique , I be active in community theater . and I have to admit I be a big enthusiast of the HBO program , the Wire . but shux , I have not have a proper vacation in nine year . tim I never use my vacation time . dean maybe you two should take one of that gay cruise together . ronald you know what you be Ziegler ? you be what I call a real Richard . Dean and Tim look confuse . Ronald giggle to himself . ronald ( cont 'd ) Mr. Richard head . tim ( titter as he figure it out ) Dick head . yeah Dean , you be a total Richard ! dean ha ! I love it ! Richard head ! Tim high fives Ronald . Joan return , sit next to Tim . 71 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 ronald to Tim -- the young rookie come in , take the scavenger hunt . that right there be p- T. Prime time . they all drink to that . a bit later -- Tim have finish he sherry . the bartender pour a second glass . Tim wear the shit-eate grin of a first - time drunk . dean would you rather toss a bum 's salad , y'know , eat out he butthole or ... give you dad a B - J ? ronald come on Ziegler , this be suppose to be a clean game ... tim no , if you use some salad dress a bum 's a-hole might not taste that bad . thousand Island ! Tim laugh hysterically . which make everyone else laugh . joan Shots ! ( to the bartender ) kamikaze , good sir . karaoke dj ( o.s. ) ok . we be ready for Tim lip to rock the mic . be there a Tim lip ? tim do he just ...? joan why wait for the church choir when you can take care of one of you dream right now , dude ? tim no , no , no , no , no ... the bartender pour the shot . Joan whisper to Tim . joan I know you can do it , lippe . go be my hero -- insurance man . 72 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 karaoke dj Tim lip ? you in the house ? Joan pass Tim the shot . he slam it . the room applaud as Tim nervously make he way to the stage . Tim confer with the dj . the dj nod , cue up the song . Tim give Joan a look of mock anger as he take the mic . tim I , um , I have meet some really , just super neat people here . but this song , I would like to dedicate to the first African - american person I have ever meet . I mean , I have see guy at the oneida mall in rhinelander -- say hello and that . but ... anyway , I just think you be one of the most awesome guy around . Ronald wilk ! Tim give Ronald a thumb -up . Ronald return the gesture as the open bar of clarence Carter 's patch kick in . [ note : patch be a extremely sentimental soul song about a poor black kid name patch . ] the first verse be speak word . tim ( cont 'd ) ( read off the screen ) I be bear and raise down in Alabama . on a farm way back up in the wood . I be so rag that folk use to call I patch . papa use to tease I about it . but deep down inside he be hurt , ' cause he would do all he could . Joan and Dean whoo-hoo ! tim ( cont 'd ) ( break into song , very soulful ) my papa be a great old man . I can see he with a shovel in he hand . see education he never have ; he do wonder when the time get bad . the little money from the crop he raise barely pay the bill we make . Joan and Dean rush to the dance floor . Ronald remain on he bar stool but bop he head politely . Tim tear it up . patch continue , create a : music bed over : 73. Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 a series of shot -- - Tim drink more sherry . the gang laugh , have a blast . - Ronald try to excuse himself . ronald the presentation 's in 36 hour . I can not afford to be off my game . frankly , neither can you , Tim . Tim respond by give Ronald a noogie . everyone laugh . - Joan , Dean and Ronald roam the holidome hall . Tim jump out from behind a corner , whip some ice machine ice at Dean . Dean take off run after tim. Joan and Ronald follow . - the song fade out as the four of they approach the Pool Area . the sign on the pool door say , hour 8 am - 11 pm . ronald ( cont 'd ) this be ridiculous , you guy . told you , it close a hour ago . Tim try the door . it 's open . Dean and Joan go in . Tim and Ronald stay in the hall . ronald ( cont 'd ) tim. come on . this be not you . tim uh-oh . who be it then ? ronald you know what I mean . we have both work we tail off . why poop it away on ... inside the pool area : dean check this out -- Captain nemo ! Dean have place the top of a garbage can on he head . it look like a old - time scuba apparatus . Tim laugh . tim ( to ronald ) I know . I just ... Dean slide down the kiddie slide into the pool , fully clothed . Tim bust up . it look like too much fun . 74 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 tim ( cont 'd ) no frickin ' way ! Tim go through the door . Ronald shake he head . int . holidome pool area - continuous Tim turn back , see Ronald walk away . Tim think a beat , then keep on . other than Dean 's splash , it 's quiet and peaceful in the semi-darkness . Joan sit on a lawn chair . joan whaddaya say , lippe ? take a dippy ? tim ( german accent ) ich can nicht schwimman . that 's " I can not swim . " in german . and I can not . ` side , I do not bring a bathing suit . joan so we stay in the shallow end . ( start remove clothes ) and neither do I . gulp . now in she bra and thong , Joan jump in . Dean bob around with the trash can on he head . Tim slowly start to undress . he carefully place he money belt on a table . he get down to he T-shirt and tightie - whity . Far enough . he ease himself into the shallow end . tim yow . chilly . ha. Joan back stroke over to Tim . he try to look elsewhere . joan so. tim yep. ha. fun. fun day . joan so. Joan undoe she bra . oh jeez . tim oh jeez . 75 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 she remove the bra , revealing she breast -- lovely , soft , bright white orb surround by very tan skin . Tim shudder . tim ( cont 'd ) you have tan . a tan . Tan line . you have a. Joan get close to Tim . his arm remain at he side . tim ( cont 'd ) you. are. you be . married . closer . tim ( cont 'd ) I have a fian ... she kiss he on the mouth , move he hand to she breast . tim ( cont 'd ) oh jeez ... Tim give in . they make out . in the deep end , Dean take the garbage can off he head and watch . dean Hell yeah . Joan pull off Tim 's T-shirt , fling it aside . they be really go to town . off - screen , we hear a slide door open . high angle ( specifically , four floor up ) : from this Pov , it look like Tim and Joan be have sex . Dean , meanwhile , have move closer and may or may not be masturbate as he watch they . reveal whose Pov this be : orin have come out onto he balcony . he look aghast . orin what the heck 's go on down there ?! Tim look up , make fleeting eye contact with orin . shit ! Tim scramble to get out of the pool . Joan be a half - step behind he . Dean decide that now would be a good time to moon orin . dean suck my ass , helgesson . orin I be call security ! Tim grab he money belt as he and Joan run out of the pool area . [ note : Tim have a conspicuous erection . ] 76 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 int . holidome hallway - moment later Joan , still topless , lead Tim by the hand as they sprint toward she room . they run past a security guard along the way . [ note : Tim still have a conspicuous erection . ] int . joan be room - moment later they burst into Joan 's room , laugh to the point of tear . tim Holy crap ! we be so dead ! then Joan maul Tim . she tackle he to she bed . he roll on top of she . a primal , guttural howl erupt from Tim . then : tim ( cont 'd ) I want to make love ! it 's on . int . holidome hallway - night ( a little while later ) Dean pound on the door to the junior suite . dean come on , ronimal ! my key get wet . wake up , man ! ( no response ) ah , fuck it . Dean lumber away , leave puddle of water in he wake . int . joan be room - later that night post-sex . Tim lie in bed , beatific . Joan , now wear glass and conservative pj 's , come out of the bathroom . tim you body 's just so ... firm and pretty . mmm . make love to you be just super ... super awesome . Joan just smile as she get into bed . tim ( cont 'd ) wanna cuddle ? joan cuddle ? um. ok . 77 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 tim I love to cuddle . ( nuzzle ) you be special , Joan . so special ... Joan awkwardly pat Tim on the head as he drift to sleep . fade out : int . joan be room - the next morning Joan be talk on the phone with she son . her demeanor be entirely different -- a tone and physicality we have not see . joan no baby , you guy be play at papillion / La vista . ralston be next week ... ( listen ) calm down , Tyler . you be not gonna miss it . it 's not that far . put you dad on . Tim wake up . the morning light hurt he hang over eye . joan ( cont 'd ) hey . do you not look at the schedule on the fridge ? do we not have this conversation 10 minute before I leave ? ( listen , sigh ) no , no , no . the playoff be in ralston . this be the last regular season game . he actually have a chance to play , richie . Christ . Tim stagger out of bed , smile . Joan hold up a finger . joan ( cont 'd ) Fine , but watch you speed on 84th by gile Road . Chris beeler 's get bust twice right there . by that golf course . ( listen ) yeah , tara Hills . exactly . ok . Love you , too . bye . oh , tell ty to kick some butt for I . ` K. see ya . she hang up . Tim do a theatrical stretch and yawn . tim good morning . 78 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 joan crisis on the home front . sorry if I wake you up . tim no problemo . Tim see that Joan 's computer be open - - and he two diamond presentation be up on the screen . tim ( cont 'd ) be that ...? be you look at my two diamond presentation ? joan you cell phone keep ringing in you little fanny pack thing , so I shut it off . when I see the disc , I figure I would take a look . it 's a solid presentation . tim um. thanks . it be Roger lemke 's ... joan yeah , I see that . ( wistful beat ) you know we be together right ? tim what ? whaddaya ...? you and ... you and Roger , you mean ? joan it 's so stupid -- but everyone basically treat we like the brangelina of asmi for a while there . it end two year ago . he be get into some pretty weird stuff ... as we all know now . Tim be livid . he eject he disc from Joan 's computer . joan ( cont 'd ) come on , lippe . it do not matter . you know , do not you ? tim my foot I know ! no , I do not . and yes , it most certainly do matter . man , this T 's I off . 79 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 joan tell I you be not jealous . you can not be jealous . the guy 's dead . tim every stinkin ' place I go people remind I : you be no Roger lemke . you be not as good as Roger lemke . here we go again . joan as good ? Tim , Roger be a small - minded , egotistical jerk . you be a infinitely better man than he be . this stop Tim in he track . better than Roger lemke . wow . tim why be you with he then ? this stop Joan in she track . her inner pain percolate . joan why ? I do not know . I do not know . I guess I probably maybe do not like myself very much . I do not know . tim hey , hey . come on . you be pretty and smart and just super awesome . ( coy ) I like you . she allow a chuckle . Tim rub she shoulder , supportive . tim ( cont 'd ) grrr. I be so frickin ' confuse . last thing I think be that I would come to Cedar rapid and fall in love . Joan shake he off . joan what be you talk about ? tim us. this . joan what this ? what be you talk about ? there 's no this . there 's no we . I have a family . 80 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 tim what about ...? joan what about it ? I tell you , what I do here ... in Cedar rapid ... it stay here . Tim get up , even more piss off than he be before . tim where the heck be my clothes ? joan come on , Tim . we be adult here . you be act like a child ... tim yeah . well , you be act like a frick ... prostitute . he wrap up in a towel , grab he money cummerbund and go . a moment . Joan look at the rumple bed sheet , start make the bed . as she do , she see the clairol Nice ` not easy hair dye box in the garbage . Joan smile a what have become of my life smile . she sit on the bed and stare out the window . int . holidome hallway - a little while later a maid look up from she cart , smile . Tim , wear only the towel , mumble as he walk by . tim I lose my slack somewhere . int . holidome pool area - that moment Tim 's clothes remain where he leave they the night before . we drift off he clothes to a chubby kid with floaty bob in the pool . the kid be stare at something : Dean be asleep in a chaise lounge chair in he underpant . int . holidome hallway - moment later Tim approach the junior suite just as Ronald exit . Tim self - consciously tighten the towel . 81 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 tim I be really , really sorry Ronald . if I say anything , or ... ronald hey , it 's not Ronald wilk 's job to judge you , Tim . end of the day , the Lord 's get that cover . but be I disappointed ? you bet I be . heck , I be all for have fun . but I do not think you be one of this guy who come down here only to get load and act like a derelict . tim no , I be not . I ... dean ( o.s. ) timbo ! ronimal ! Dean , still in he underpant , approach . dean ( cont 'd ) you should have stick around last night , ronimal . watch timbo and the o - Fox get it on in the pool -- shit , I be harder than chinese arithmetic . ronald what a couple of class act . I be run late for the prayer breakfast . oh and Tim , Bill krogstad 's be try to reach you all morning . fyi . Ronald walk off . Tim deflate . int . catholic church - day Bill krogstad pace in a church , talk on he phone . bill krogstad Tim , Bill krogstad again . orin helgesson tell I about you little hootenanny in the pool there . clear violation of asmi 's moral code -- meaning we lose we asmi certification , we lose we two diamond rating , we lose we customer and I lose any chance of anyone buy my goddamn business . ( more ) 82. Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 bill krogstad ( cont 'd ) I may as well just commit suicide ... photographer ( o.s. ) Father of the bride . we be set . reveal : a obese bride , 25 , and she greasy , mustach GROOM , 40 , pose for a photographer . bill krogstad ( to photographer , despondent ) yah . be there in a ... ( into phone ) call I when you get this Tim . because unless you pull off a miracle , we be do . you have let I down hard . cripe ... shaping up to be the worst day of my life . krogstad hang up . he walk over to he large , beam daughter . he put on a fake smile as she give he a hug . bill krogstad ( cont 'd ) you look real beautiful , kayla . like a flower . the photographer snap a photo . krogstad choke back tear . int . junior suite bathroom - day Tim stare at he cell phone . he look in the mirror . tim goddarnit ! he pick up a hairbrush and try to break it . but it will not break . Dean enter . dean that time of the month ? ( off Tim 's look ) c'mon man , it 's gonna be ok . tim no it 's not . nothing be ok . my job , my fiancé ... ( dawns on he ) God , I be a philanderer . I have let Bill down . I have let everybody down . dean c'mere , kiddo . sit . sit down . 83. Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 Dean lead Tim out of the bathroom . Tim sit on a desk chair . Dean sit on the edge of the desk . he look fatherly . dean ( cont 'd ) my ex , patti ? well - establish fact that this broad be a serious fuck cuntstain , right ? but like I say , she 's make it pretty much so the kid hate my gut -- I be the bad guy . ` cept when we 17 - year - old daughter come home pregnant -- oh yeah , happy day in the Ziegler household , lemme tell ya -- who 's the one so depressed that she can not get out from under the afghan on the goddamn couch ? patti . and who 's the one plan the baby shower and take meg to the gyno , all that shit ? the fuck deanzie . that 's who . Tim stare at Dean for a incredulous moment . tim be this ...? why be this all of a sudden about you , Dean ? dean I be tell you this , buddy , because it show to go ya - - even if you be a fuck waste of space jerk - off like myself , there 's always opportunity to do the right thing . if this two diamond bullshit and that matter so much , you will find a way to make it right . if not , fuck it . life 's way too short to lose sleep over shit that do not matter . Tim slowly nod , surprised to find himself move . int . sunset terrace ballroom - later that day orin enthusiastically introduce a woman in a smart pantsuit . orin without any more ado , we keynote speaker , Iowa insurance commissioner , Mrs. Susan voss ! the room go nut . as orin leave the stage he spot Tim wait in the wing . Tim gesture for orin to come outside . 84 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 int . holidome hallway - moment later orin , stone -face , approach Tim . tim President helgesson , please let I stay in the two diamond contest . please . this be not for I -- it 's for Bill krogstad . I can not let he down . please just let I compete . a moment . orin nod , almost imperceptibly . int . holidome elevator - moment later Tim and orin silently ride the elevator to the fourth floor . int . the tiffany suite - moment later orin open the door to the Tiffany suite , a slightly larger version of the junior suite . he usher Tim inside . orin ( self - deprecate , but proud ) Tiffany suite . bit much . perk of the presidency , guess you would say . please . have a seat on the davenport . Tim sit . orin go to the mini-fridge , take out a sprite . orin ( cont 'd ) drink ? tim ah , no . thanks . orin suit yourself . orin open the sprite , drink . he reach into a briefcase . he hand Tim a document with dozen of signature on it . tim this be the petition ? Tim shake he head as he read the name . orin between you and I -- this be a ploy by Mike pyle . try to drive down the value of northland so he could get it on the cheap . 85 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 just as deanzie predict . orin snatch back the petition . he rip it in two . orin ( cont 'd ) I just make that happen . poof . gone. rainmaker . ( make rain gesture ) northland keep its three previous two diamond Award . tim oh my gosh , really ? thank you . orin sit next to Tim on the couch , closer than he need to . orin one thing Roger lemke know , Tim ? he know that when you get all dolled up , go to the prom -- the Big dance -- that you gotta be prepare to put out . to show a little teat . ( off Tim 's confuse look ) you ever hear of paypal , Tim ? tim paypal ? um , yeah . I have use it to pay for beanie Babies on e-bay ... ( guilty ) for my fiancé . orin good . thing you gotta ask yourself now be this : " be I ready to dance ? be I ready to show a little teat ? " tim I do not understand what you mean ... orin calm down , orin . I be sorry . please , let 's talk e- commerce for a minute . Tim hesitantly follow orin to the desk . a laptop sit open . orin ( cont 'd ) four year ago , the brain trust at asmi National mandate we go " on - line " for everything . billing , newsletter , the whole shebang . now I be almost 70 - year - old -- I 's about as likely to figure this deal out as I be to learn chinese . well , as you know Roger lemke be a real whiz on the computer ... 86 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 tim you bet . orin so Roger 's up here look over this new system , and he get one of this lightbulb - go - off kinda look , the way he do . and he say , " orin , with that newsletter go digital you be save almost four grand a year in printing cost alone . four grand . pure profit . " you see where this be go , Tim ? tim I can not say that I do ... orin paypal . that 's where . what have asmi ever give orin helgesson ? huh ? not dime one . sure as shoot not a opportunity to serve on the National board . have I not be a good President ? do I not deserve a little something ? tim you be a awesome President ... orin you be goddamn right I be ! orin pound he fist on the desk . Tim swallow hard . orin ( cont 'd ) but I do not know the first bless thing about this paypal deal . Roger have the on-line know -how , not I . tim I be still not read you here ... orin there be not printing cost anymore , see ? the asmi - teer 's digital . E - commerce ! do not you get it , Tim ? all that money -- almost 39 - hundred dollar a year -- that go into a paypal account now . my paypal account . but I have get no idea how to use it . 87 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 tim do you literally mean you just need help , like , get on -line , or ...? orin you performance in that scavenger hunt be first-rate . then I see you in the pool make love to that floozy , I realize maybe you have get a bit of lemke 's , shall we say , moral ambiguity . I need that . tim you be talk about steal . orin pontoon boat do not pay for themselves , Tim . Roger lemke come to the prom . he show I a little teat . I reward he with the two diamond three year run . I be prepare to do the same for you . what do you say ? you take home that that two diamond , northland ' value skyrocket , Bill krogstad retire to he time share . everybody win ... we push in on Tim - - at the crossroad of all crossroad . outside , a clap of thunder boom ominously . tim I would be do it for northland -- to keep it in Brown Valley and help my co-worker . to help Bill ... Tim look away , avoid eye contact . then : tim ( cont 'd ) what would you need I to do exactly ...? orin clap once , smile like a proud grandparent . orin ok , marvelous ! int . holidome hallway ( outside horizon ) - later Dean have dozen of hello my name be sticker with " deanzie for President ! " write on they . he force one on a woman . 88. Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 dean vote for deanzie . vote for change . woman I be good thanks . dean well fuck you very much , carla . the woman shake she head and walk away . Ronald approach . dean ( cont 'd ) I can count on you vote tomorrow , right ronimal ? ronald not a snowball 's chance in hade . dean you be all a bunch of dick . ronald ( spot Tim o.s . ) hey there , hangover Harry . 18 hour and count . get you gun load for the two diamond , partner ? Tim 's guilt be apparent in he awkward demeanor . tim um. I ... I do not know about that . ronald do not be nervous . you will do fine . there 's a prayer circle tonight before the entertainment program -- might help ease you mind . tim I be sorry about ... Ronald . just ... about everything ... Tim abruptly walk away . Dean and Ronald look at each other , perplex , as Tim exit the hotel into the pour rain . ext . cedar rapid STREET - evening ( moment later ) a cold , hard rain fall as Tim walk from the holidome toward a applebee 's across the busy street . 89 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 int . applebee be - continuous Tim enter and walk to the bar . he 's soaking wet and look despondent . a cheery female bartender , kay , 40 , greet he . kay happy Saturday ! what ' cha drinkin' ? tim a large cream sherry , please . as she pour a healthy glass of sherry : kay look like you could use some cheer up . what do you call it when it rain chicken and duck ? ( pause ) fowl weather . tim ( distracted ) that 's pretty hilarious . Tim slam the sherry in one gulp -- to Kay 's dismay . tim ( cont 'd ) another please . I have to use the little boy 's room . Kay watch as Tim head for the bathroom . he leave he cell phone on the bar . int . applebee' bathroom - moment later Tim pee at the urinal . he zip up , go to wash he hand . in the mirror , he 's shocked to see : a squinty , drugge out man , 25 , exit the stall , follow by ... bree . a moment of recognition . tim bree ? ( off she confuse look ) it 's Tim lippe . from the asmi convention . we meet out in front of the holidome across the street ? bree cough a hack , phlegmy cough . she 's very out of it . 90 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 tim ( cont 'd ) that 's what you get from smoking all that -- what would you call `em , heater ? smoker 's cough . ha. just kid . butterscotch ? he remove a few hard candy from he pocket . she take one . tim ( cont 'd ) small world , huh ? bree totally . you wanna party ? tim ooh , that 's really awesome of you to ask . but I have a super important presentation in the morning unfortunately , so ... the squinty - eye man , gary , who have be drink out of the sink , look up at Tim . gary I gotta work in the morning , too . can not be productive or whatever without occasionally take a little ride on the good time express . it 's like , fuck that shit , yo . tim yeah . I hear that . L &amp ; c. loud and ... clear . bree seriously . we be go to this thing at my uncle Ken 's later -- after he shift 's do . bree examine Tim , stand stiffly , hand in he pocket . bree ( cont 'd ) you look like you be in serious need of some relaxation , dude . bree nonchalantly pinch he nose . Tim look oddly touch . tim I have have a pretty mess up day actually . might not hurt to forget about it for a little while . 91 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 int . holidome hallway - night Mike pyle , in a bold chartreuse sweater vest , quietly confer with orin outside a conference room . orin my advice , Mike ? pull the trigger . I have pretty well convinced he that he company 's in the crapper . 85 - thousand be as low as I could possibly get he . mike pyle he 's say nothing to indicate I would have to hang onto he employee or the office up there , right ? orin Bill be real clear about that . you be buy he client -- not he brand . you have do this before , Mike . the northland policy will simply roll over into you allstate office in milwaukee . unless you want to keep a satellite branch up there in North palookaville . mike pyle ( chuckle ) ok . let 's pull the trigger . orin oh , and Mike - - we be square on my consultant 's fee ? mike pyle ten percent , as agree . orin marvelous . now just give I a second here ... int . holidome conference room - continuous orin enter the conference room alone . he un - mute a speakerphone . the Chicken dance polka blare from the other end . orin we be all system go over here , Bill . 92 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 bill krogstad ( o.s. on phone ) praise Christ ! this be super , orin ! orin I be able to get pyle up to 81 - thousand for you , Bill , which be pretty amazing give all the ... the tribulation and that . of course that number do not include my 15 percent consultant 's fee . int . vfw reception hall - continuous wedding guest do the chicken dance . krogstad strain to be hear over the music . bill krogstad y'know what orin , it 's only a seven hour drive to Cedar rapid . if I leave right now , I can be there first thing in the a- m and we can lock this sonofagun down . orin ( o.s. on phone ) I would not want to put you out , Bill , but it would be nice to put pen to paper on a contract sooner than later . bill krogstad Hell yes . you bet . it 's no problem . I will be there in time to see the two diamond presentation -- not that that matter to I anymore ! thanks a million , orin ! krogstad click off he phone , pump he fist , overjoy . he approach he wife . bill krogstad ( cont 'd ) dione , the deal 's go through ! 81 - grand ! we be get this albatross off we back after all . I be go to Cedar rapid . dione krogstad no , Bill ... bill krogstad goddamnit , dione , not now . this be happen . no flex on this one ! 93. Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 krogstad hustle out of the reception hall . the fleshy bride and she oily groom watch he go . int . sunset terrace ballroom - night on stage , a jack nicholson impersonator do a lame routine . jack nicholson impersonator ... you can not handle the truth ! laughter . Joan and Ronald be in the back of the room . joan we use to get band , Ronald . Real band . Kansas . reo speedwagon ... remember reo let I get on stage and play tambourine ? ronald I will go ahead and admit , this be a odd choice for a asmi headliner . budget crunch , I guess . jack nicholson impersonator Danny be not here Mrs. torrance ! Dean urgently approach Joan and Ronald . dean be you ready for this ? Mike pyle of shit just buy northland . Word be the cocksucker 's liquidate timbo and the whole Brown Valley operation . ronald what ? Holy smoke . do Tim know ? joan do not look at I . I do not think Tim like I very much anymore . dean Cry I a fuck river , honey . this be not about you for once . joan fuck off , Dean . jackass . ronald hey . come on you guy . cut it out . the crowd guffaw as faux Jack do he thing . 94 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 jack nicholson impersonator I say , I be not gonna hurt ya . I be just go to bash you brain in . a pall overtake the room -- this use to be fun . now it 's just kind of sad . dean you two be a couple of serious fuck downer , man . timbo leave here in a huff a few hour ago -- you see he ronimal . maybe he already know . shit , the kid 's one of my best friend ... ronald you meet he two day ago , Ziegler . dean know what , blow I Ronald . it 's not my fault you be too goddamn afraid to open up and tell another man you love he . do what you want , but the deanzie 's gonna make sure he friend be do ok . int . uncle ken' pick - up truck - night Boston 's more than a feeling blare on the radio of a pick - up truck . Tim politely rock out , sandwich between bree and Gary in the front seat . a violent - look , wire - thin man in a applebee 's uniform , uncle ken , 40 , drive . after a bit : tim that must be pretty all right , Ken , get half off at applebee 's all the time . I would only weigh like 10 - thousand pound ... uncle ken pass I that cube , skeet . Gary open the glove box , pass Ken a glass pipe . Ken light up , take a hit , pass it to bree . bree follow suit , then pass the pipe to Tim . Tim look at it , pause . tim ah ...? this would be marijuana , I be guess ? a beat . then they all laugh like crazy . so Tim laugh , too . bree put the pipe in Tim 's mouth . he look frighten . 95 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 bree suck the glass dick , dude . they laugh . bree light the pipe . Tim inhale and instantly : oh fuck , oh fuck , oh fuck ! Tim 's eye bulge , he tooth grind . then he shake he head like a wet dog and violently cough . tim oh jeez , oh jeez , oh jeez . bree a butterscotch might help . int . holidome hallway ( outside the ballroom ) - night Dean have he phone to he ear . Ronald and Joan watch . woman' voice ( o.s. on phone ) hello . dean try to reach Tim lippe . who be I talk to ? woman' voice ( o.s. on phone ) this be Kay over at the applebee 's . you friend leave he phone here . dean that right ? be he there now ? kay ( o.s. on phone ) no he 's not . be honest , I be kinda worried about the little guy ... int . farmhouse - night a series of shot as Tim -- sweaty , high and extremely hyper -- dance with bree to the deafen death metal . the party be a volatile mix of biker type and speed freak . even though he salmon - color oxford shirt have come untucked from he casual slack , Tim still look a tad out of place . the follow conversation be shout because of the music . tim I feel amazing ! this be awesome ! bree how much money do you have on you ? 96 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 tim ah , cash - wise ? about 90 dollar , I think . i've got a ton of traveler be check , though . why ? bree i'll get US some more crypto . then you can fuck I if you want . tim ( not sure he hear right ) do what now ? bree just gimme a hundre . Tim pause . then -- what the heck . he unzip he money belt ... int . applebee be - night Dean , Ronald and Joan look worried as they listen to Kay , the friendly applebee 's bartender . kay like I say , he be pretty rip from all that sherry . he leave with Ken and they for some party . dean who 's Ken ? kay ( conspiratorial ) Ken 's we cook . we all think he deal dope , though . I get along good with everyone . but Ken ? he 's just real different . ronald oh jeez . d' you know where they be go ? any idea ? kay you could try Ken 's place . it 's way out in the boony ... int . farmhouse bathroom - night bree snort a line in a disgusting , fetid bathroom . Tim sit on the counter . he 's jack up , sweaty and very chatty . 97 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 tim my mom become real protective of I after my dad pass . she do not really let I play sport or any of that . fact , if I think about it , I never really do much of anything . except gardening , which I do enjoy . bree well you be livin ' now . here . she offer Tim a line . he decline . bree ( cont 'd ) I buy some pill , too . here . this will make you feel better . she give he a couple pill . he pop they without think . tim thanks . it 's funny , though , because my job be all about protect other people 's dream . but what about my dream ? bree it could be like -- maybe ... ( do another line ) whoa , shit 's tight ... like maybe it have to do with you parent both die ? like , maybe by protect other people -- it 's like you be try to save you parent . like somehow you feel like it 's you fault ? like in you sub-conscience ? something strike a nerve with Tim . he choke up . bree ( cont 'd ) and so you be not really like , live you own life fully ? but dude , let I tell you this : the only real insurance in this life -- be love . that do it . now Tim be weep . bree notice . bree ( cont 'd ) oh baby , c'mere . c'mere . ( hug tim ) you can fuck my ass if you want . 98 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 before Tim can respond to that , the door burst open . it 's uncle Ken , and he be not happy . uh-oh . CUT to : int . bill krogstad' lesabre - night krogstad chug coffee as he drive through the night . CUT to : int . sunset terrace ballroom - night orin and Mike pyle laugh as they raise a glass for a toast . CUT to : ext . farmhouse - night Dean 's minivan pull into the gravel driveway of the dilapidate , isolate farmhouse . we can tell it 's the party house by the music blast and the degenerate on the porch . Dean and Joan climb out of the minivan . the rain be fall harder . Ronald slide open the back door and climb out . he have on a long black rain coat . he nearly slip on some ice . joan oh man . this place be bad news . int . farmhouse bathroom / hallway - continuous uncle Ken grab Tim and shove he out into the hall . Tim trip over a wasted teen girl and stumble against the wall . wasted teen girl faggot . watch out . bree look legitimately worried for Tim . ext . farmhouse - continuous Dean , Joan and Ronald formulate a plan . dean I will be stand by `case thing get squirrelly in there . getaway vehicle type scenario . 99 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 joan so you be send I into that shithole ? how chivalrous , Dean . ronald you and I can go in , Joan . it will be fine , I be sure ... int . farmhouse kitchen - continuous uncle Ken drag Tim into a kitchen full of partygoer gather around a keg of Natural Ice . he shove Tim face first against the wall . Tim take this opportunity to notice the peel wallpaper , which surprisingly have the same floral pattern as he own kitchen wallpaper . ext . farmhouse - continuous Ronald and Joan approach the front door . judge from the look on the face of the dude on the porch , black folk be not a common sight at this residence . Gary , the squinty - eye guy Tim meet in the bathroom with bree , ogle Joan . gary Nice tit . joan ( not miss a beat ) thanks . thank you . that 's nice . ronald we do not want any trouble , guy . we be just look for we friend . the dude let Joan and Ronald pass into the house . int . / ext . dean's minivan - continuous Dean sit silently in the driver 's seat . the quiet get to he . he start hum , then mumble -sing to himself and drum the steering wheel . dean mm-mow-mow ... two ticket to paradise . hmm -hmm , pack you bag we will leave tonight ... 100 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 int . farmhouse - continuous Joan and Ronald make they way through the house , clocking the aggressively angry look as they go . Joan see something : joan oh shit . in the kitchen : uncle Ken be choke Tim . the partygoer cheer . uncle Ken punch Tim in the stomach . Tim fall to the filthy linoleum . bree protest . bree but he pay for it , uncle Ken ... uncle ken you can not let some dude pay for crystal meth and a ass fuck with a traveler 's check , bree . that shit can be trace . tim ( wheeze ) it 's fully insure . 100 percent . ( then ) and we do not make love ... uncle ken shut the fuck up . he kick Tim hard . it 's look bad , when all of a sudden : ronald ( o.s. ) hey ! hey ! they all turn to see Ronald . in the black trench coat , he actually look bad ass . he have one hand in the coat pocket . ronald ( cont 'd ) ( hard - core gangsta speak ) I may look like some suit wearin' businessman to y'all . Truth be , I be straight up gangsta . and I always keep one in the chamber ... ( indicate the bulge in he pocket ) ... in case you ponderin' . so I suggest for the time be that you let my nigga be . muthafucka . uncle Ken blink a few time . then he let Tim get up . ronald ( cont 'd ) indeed . 101 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 Ronald take Tim 's arm . Joan join they . the three of they walk backwards toward the door . ext . farmhouse - continuous Dean be outside the minivan , take a leak on a tree . he look toward the house . dean oh fuck ! Ronald , Tim and Joan exit the house . ronald run ! they run for Dean 's minivan . Tim slip , slide across the snow and mud . Ronald drag he halfway across the lawn before Tim finally get to he foot . Dean , meanwhile , try to finish pee as he make he way back to the van -- do a sort of crab walk to avoid pissing on himself . Tim , Ronald and Joan dive into the minivan . Dean climb back into the driver 's seat . bree and gang exit the house and watch as Dean peel out , toss up bit of gravel as he speed away . int . dean's minivan - moment later Dean look nervously in the rearview mirror -- all clear . Ronald try to calm Tim down in the backseat . dean what the fuck happen ? joan oh my God , Tim . be you ok ? tim ( jittery ) I do not know . I do not know . all I know be I be get kick and then Ronald be there talk like a ghetto person ... Dean look at Joan and Ronald -- what ? 102 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 ronald in order to extricate Tim from what be clearly a volatile situation , I do , in fact , rely on my community theater training . I do not like to brag , but I do a pretty convincing Omar from the HBO program , the Wire . ( beat , as a gangsta ) least they cracker back yonder seem to buy it . dean the ronimal ! the minivan speed through the dark , rainy night . int . junior suite - later that night Tim sit on the couch bounce he leg , still mess up . Joan sit with he . Dean and Ronald watch , worried . tim I can not believe Bill would do this to I . he be like a father ... dean be not just krogstad , timbo . orin 's the real devil in this deal . Joan shoot Dean a look -- shut the fuck up . joan you will find another job , lippe . maybe even move to a new town . ronald shoot , you could come work for I if you want . for some reason , Tim find this funny . he laugh hysterically . tim I love you , Joan . joan ( to Dean &amp ; Ronald ) get some sleep you guy . I will stay up with he -- make sure he do not chew he arm off . Ronald sigh , nod . Dean kiss Tim 's sweaty forehead . 103 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 dean sleep good , little friend . Dean and Ronald head for the bedroom . Tim look at Joan . tim I do not make love to bree , Joan . joan it do not matter . here , lie down , lippe . Tim rest he head on Joan 's lap . his eye be still on fire . joan ( cont 'd ) ( sing quietly ) oh dear , what can the matter be johnny 's so long at the fair . he promise to bring I a pocket of posy ... Tim shut he eye . Joan must be a good mom . a knocking sound fade in , provide a : SOUND bridge to : int . the tiffany suite - later that night orin stir in he king -size bed . the knock be at he door . he get out of bed , put on a robe and go to the door . he peek through the eyehole . orin oh , Tim . just a sec . orin glance in the mirror , smooth he hair . he undoe the chain and open the door ... Tim burst in and attack ! orin , be relatively frail , immediately tumble to the carpet . this can not be good . dissolve to : int . / ext . bill krogstad' lesabre ( drive ) - night krogstad yawn but drive with determination as he car pass a sign that read cedar rapid - 100 mile . 104 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 int . junior suite - early morning Dean and Ronald sleep soundly in they bed . we drift off of they to the couch , where Joan have fall asleep . she wake , realize that Tim be no longer there . joan oh shit ... int . / ext . tim' rental car ( drive ) - early morning the first hint of daylight illuminate the eastern sky . Kenny loggins ' whenever I call you friend play on the radio . Tim , still hop up , drive . he enthusiastically sing along . tim sweet love showin ' we a heavenly light . I never see such a beautiful sight ! see love glowin' on we every night , I know forever we will be doin ' it right ! Tim drive past a farm and see dozen of hog forage around in a sloppy pen . he stomp the brake , slide dangerously onto the muddy shoulder . ext . rural roadside / hog farm - continuous Tim get out of the car . the peppy song be still play . Tim sing along as he dance to the back of the car . tim I always wanna call you " friend ! " sweet love showin ' we a heavenly ... Tim open up the trunk . that 's when we see : inside the trunk : orin , in he pajamas , bound and gag by holiday Inn bedsheet . his shout be muffle by the gag . Tim pull orin from the trunk . orin 's foot be tie together , so he have to hop as Tim lead he toward the hog farm . tim ( cont 'd ) careful . it 's super slippery . orin fall face first into the muddy ditch . tim ( cont 'd ) whoop . careful now . 105 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 Tim help orin to he foot . several enormous hog rush toward they on the other side of a barb wire fence . orin ( terrify , through gag ) nmmmmmmmmm ! tim I do a ton of research on hog farm risk mitigation . do not worry -- they might bite you a little if they think you be a food source . but there 's never be a record hog - bite death . so ... with great difficulty , Tim pick up orin . then , he awkwardly hurl he over the barb wire fence . orin land on he back in a deep pile of mud and hog shit . the hog descend . tim ( cont 'd ) the two diamond may be meaningless to you and Bill . but there be people who care about this stuff . Ronald wilk . even Dean . honest , good people . I will come back for you after the two diamond have be hand out to a legitimate winner . I be really sorry about this , orin , but the insurance industry deserve better than you . Tim go to he car , leave orin wriggle with the hog . int . bedroom - early morning a husband and wife sleep . they phone ring . they stir . the clock say 6:45 am . the woman roll over . wife who the heck 's call at this hour on a Sunday morning ? the man answer the phone . ( note : we should now recognize the couple as the client Tim deal with in the northland conference room . ) husband hello . tim ( o.s. on phone ) kurt gambsky , Tim lippe -- you insurance agent . how 's Pam and the girl ? 106 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 husband ( whisper to wife ) Tim lippe . ( to tim ) um , fine , Tim . we be fine . everything ok by you ? int . tim' rental car - continuous Tim talk on he cell as he drive . tim well , I think everything 's ok . hope it be anyway . listen kurt , here 's why I be call ... dissolve to : int . sunset terrace ballroom - later that morning a eagle soar on a large video screen . a patriotic anthem play . we boom down from the screen to find Ronald . he 's on stage finish up he two diamond presentation . ronald people sometimes say that promise be cheap . you know what Ronald wilk say to that ? n-s - F . not so fast . at the end of the day , a man 's word be a sacred creed . and the word I give you at Ronald wilk insurance be -- I will work for you . thank you . the word , " Ronald wilk insurance : work for you " appear on screen . Ronald 's face dissolves over the eagle . the crowd go nut , applaud wildly . Dean and Joan start a stand ovation . Ronald , though exhaust , beam on stage . Tim be nowhere to be find . a executive council member address the crowd . executive council member once again folk , President helgesson leave a note under my door this morning say he have to leave asmi early due to a family emergency . I have not be able to reach he on he mobile , but obviously we thought and prayer go out to orin and he family . ( more ) 107 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 executive council member ( cont 'd ) ( a moment of silence ) now ... we be set to hear we final two diamond presenter . Tim lip from northland insurance . Tim ? Joan , Dean and Ronald exchange worried look . Dean stand . dean hey Travis , I do not think Tim ... just then , Tim appear . he be filthy -- cover in mud , sweat , hog shit and tear . he futilely smooth he hair and try to tuck in he shirt as he take the stage to sparse applause . Tim go to the computer set up on stage for power Point . he put in he disc . his presentation appear on the screen . tim ( severely cough ) thank you . I be Tim lippe . hog farm risk mitigation ... what be ...? Tim knock a folder off the podium . paper fly everywhere . tim ( cont 'd ) smooth move , ex -lax . ( a few chuckle ) so , hog ... no. I , ah ... this girl I meet , sorry woman , I guess . she 's 23 . she take drug , and I think might be some kind of prostitute . ( a collective gasp ) but she 's super insightful . y'know what she say to I last night ? Said the only real insurance be love . that 's frick intense , be not it ...? awkward murmur . at this moment , a very pleased Bill krogstad walk in with Mike pyle . krogstad tense , however , when he see Tim 's state . tim ( cont 'd ) I be ... ah ... we only true safety net . love. crazy . I believe in insurance . I believe in love ... Tim laugh . he look up and see Bill . tim ( cont 'd ) Bill ! Bill krogstad . my former boss , everybody . 108 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 bill krogstad ( jaw - clenched smile ) what be you do , lippe ? tim why would you do this , Bill ? I do not understand . krogstad chuckle , prefer to avoid any public drama . tim ( cont 'd ) why would you do it , Bill ? why would you do it ? why would you lie , Bill ? bill krogstad ( to the audience ) sorry , folk . guess it 's against the law now for a business owner to sell he own business . must have miss that constitutional amendment . this draw chuckle from the crowd . tim insurance be not just a business , Bill . insurance be personal . I have get some savings . I could have get a loan . we could have work something out . bill krogstad ( still play to the crowd ) yeah , there 's a guy you want run a agency , be not it ? ( then ) come on , Tim , you be tired . you be look foolish here . you could not run a agency if you life depend on it . Tim 's lip start to quiver , and with great effort : tim screw you , Bill . screw you ... hard . ( gather strength ) that 's a bunch of dog crap . you and lemke , that ... fuck pervert ... you steal my idea and call they you own for year . and I do not say squat -- because I figure we be like a family . I may not have quite as many client as Roger have . but my people be loyal , Bill . ( more ) 109 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 tim ( cont 'd ) I care about they . and guess what , they care about I . fact , I have call more than half of they already this morning ... bill krogstad watch yourself , lippe ... tim I know which one would be on they way to church , which one I would be waking up , which one probably get a little blotto last night and might be hang over ... and every single person I talk to -- every one -- be stay with I . bill krogstad you do not know what you be do . tim I do actually . I do know , Bill . and before the day be out , I will have call all my client . all of they . ( to Mike pyle ) so hey , congratulation pyle of shit -- you just buy a company that 's lose half its business . dean fuck yeah timbo ! Mike pyle blink several time . krogstad seethes . before Tim can fully bask in the glow of he triumph : orin ( o.s. ) right there , officer . that 's he . orin , still in he pajamas and cake in hog shit , point two cedar rapid cop in Tim 's direction . tactful pandemonium ensue . Dean , Ronald and Joan rush to Tim 's side . joan ronald Jesus lippe , what do you do ? aw jeez . this be no good . dean what 's the fuck charge ? tim here . before the cop get to he , Tim hand Dean a crumpled piece of paper . 110 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 dean what 's this ? tim you will figure it out . a cop cuff Tim and lead he out of the ballroom . fade to black : int . holding cell - day Tim sit on a metal bench in a dank hold cell . tim I know what you be think -- think " this wiseacre 's full of baloney . " be I right ? reveal : he 's chat with a massive black man , reginald , 30 . tim ( cont 'd ) but I be tell you reginald , you be actually a perfect candidate for term life ... a guard open the cell door . guard Tim lip ? reginald he pronounce it like lippy . guard well , you be outta here , lippe . Tim hand reginald a business card . tim I be serious . call any time -- on the mobile or home phone , though . the office number 's no good anymore . reginald give Tim a warm hug . reginald thanks Tim . you be all right . 111 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 ext . CITY lock - up - day Tim walk out of the jail into the bright sunlight . Dean be there wait for he . they walk toward Dean 's minivan . tim do not even say it , deanzie - - no one butt ram I or whatever in there . dean " butt ram ! " I love it ! Dean give Tim a hug . he then pull a crumpled piece of paper from he pocket -- it 's the sheet Tim give he earlier . dean ( cont 'd ) want you get out of jail free card back ? tim not particularly . dean when I see it , at first I be like , shit be I suppose to take money out of the account , or what ? tim do you ? dean Nah , it be more fun watch the smug fuck sweat . I tell he I would rat he pathetic ass out if he do not drop the charge against you . tim ( a genuine smile ) sweet . Dean toss the paper into the trash . we now see what it say . on holiday Inn stationary , in Tim 's scrawl : www.paypal.com. username : orinhelgesson . password : pontoonman123. int . dean's minivan - day Dean drive . Ronald ride shotgun . Tim and Joan be in back . the minivan cruise past downtown Cedar rapid . Tim look up at the building . so tall . Ronald consider he two diamond plaque . 112 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 ronald it 's not as cool as I think it would be . I do not think this be even real wood . dean ( lack he usual energy ) I will show you some real wood . Ronald start giggle . it turn into a laugh . the laugh become infectious . before long , Tim , Joan , Ronald and Dean be all laugh they ass off . ext . cedar rapid airport - evening Dean , Ronald and Joan accompany Tim , now clean up , to the airport . Tim set down he old american tourister . tim well . joan deep subject . d'aar . get it ? ( punch he arm ) I tell you you be a hero , lippe . insurance man save the day ! tim tss. ruine it more like . joan true sign of a good day . dean well , pal , it 's be real . tim ( choke up ) I be gonna miss you guy . ronald yeah . you bet . dean listen , my cousin Bob - - guy make a truckload sell this little scent pine tree all the ragheads hang in they cab ? fuckin ' believe that ? anyhow , he 's get a sweet cottage up on Lake of the Woods . Canada ? I can use it whenever I want . ( more ) 113. Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 dean ( cont 'd ) I say we book it for June , before the mosquito go apeshit up there . ronald more time in a tightly enclose space with Ziegler . gee , sign I up . tim I think it sound awesome . ronald actually , I too . the ronimal could use a vacation . dean done . Dean pick Tim up in a bear hug , spin he around . Ronald give Tim a more subdued hug . then there 's Joan . joan so. keep in touch . e-mail , all that good stuff . tim you bet . you bet . you too . joan if you be ever -- not that you would be -- ever in oh-my - God , nebraska ... tim yeah . mutual of omaha 's Wild Kingdom . I use to watch that . would be cool some day to see . joan yeah . look I up . tim so. he put out he hand . she laugh and hug he instead . Tim close he eye . she feel so good . smell so good . Joan 's eye be wide open . she swallow hard . she will not cry . it 's ok . keep tell yourself everything will be ok ... dissolve to : 114 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 int . plane - night Tim look out the window , watch the city light of Cedar rapid fade away . he catch he reflection in the window . he exhales . he smile a little . Tim relax in he seat . he look at he seat mate , a pleasant - look woman in she mid-30s . tim so , do you do anything fun in Cedar rapid ...? fade to black : superscript : one Day later fade in : int . old country buffet - night Tim load a plate with macaroni , meatloaf , peas and mashed potato . millie select fish , potato , rice and corn . they wordlessly walk from the buffet to a booth . they sit and start eat in silence . after a bit : tim how 's the walleye ? millie decent . not bad . tim meatloaf 's on the dry side . millie mm. Tim try to smile at millie . he be surprised to see that she eye be fill with tear . tim what 's ...? without say a word , millie struggle to pry the small diamond engagement ring from she sausage - like finger . finally , she get it off and hand it to Tim . he think of protest . instead , he take the ring and put it in he pocket . millie sniffles a bit , compose herself . Tim open he mouth to say something . before he can think of anything to say : 115 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 Wade sit down with a ridiculously full plate of food . WADE shit , where be they hidin ' the meatloaf ...? dissolve to : ext . tim' backyard - day Tim dump birdseed in the feeder . sunlight filter through the tree branch . the snow be start to melt . neighbor man ( o.s. ) you be just gonna attract red squirrel with that junk , Tim . Tim smile at he old , gnarled neighbor , leslie , 80 . tim how ya doin ' there , Leslie ? leslie ach , I be too old to give a shit . they take off they glove to shake hand . Leslie will not let go of Tim 's hand -- the way old man sometimes do . leslie ( cont 'd ) Bill krogstad tell I he 's switch we policy to some fella down in milwaukee . allstate . say I will not notice a bit of difference in coverage or nothin' . tim no , you probably will not . leslie mm. anyhow , I tell the cocksucker to go fuck himself . say I be go with Tim lippe . a man I can trust . ( a wink ) it 's a good thing you be doin ' -- keepin ' work in Brown Valley . tim I be try ... Leslie pat Tim on the shoulder . as he head back inside : 116 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 leslie let I know when they red squirrel show up at you feeder . I will borrow you my 22 . Tim chuckle . he go back to he yard . he pause . at he feeder : a robin . a sure sign of spring . a uplift song fade in , along with : tim ( v.o. ) the chance we take in life be call risk . dissolve to : a series of shot -- - on a lake : Tim be pull behind a boat on waterskis . he fall face first , skip across the lake . tim ( v.o. ) we pay insurance company premium as a way of hedge we bet , in case that risk we take cause we or we property harm . - at a ball diamond : Tim , play in a summer softball league , slide headfirst into third base . tim ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) that 's the point of insurance -- so we can live and love life to the fullest . - at a strip mall : a couple walk past a discount shoe store and into tim lippe insurance . the camera follow they into the cramped , decidedly unimpressive office . Tim , seat at a desk , look directly at the camera and stiffly address it . tim ( cont 'd ) at Tim lippe insurance , we can not guarantee that you will live you life without devastating loss . but we can give you peace of mind -- know that if something awful or unfortunate do happen - - we will have you cover . Tim lippe insurance . insuring you Home and you hope . 117 . Cedar rapid , 6-12-09 a fanciful unicorn prance across the screen , and we : match CUT to : int . canadian cabin - day reveal : Tim , Dean and Ronald have be watch Tim 's ad on a tv at a lakeside cabin . Tim look proudly at he friend . ronald can I be honest here , Tim ? tim you bet . dean what be with the fuckin ' unicorn ? tim what ? it represent hope ... ronald all 's I be say be you might have want to hire a actor with some professional training ... dean Jesus -- a retarded kid just sit there yell would have be better than you . tim aw , you be both a couple of a- hole ... Tim whip a empty beer can at Dean . the three friend laugh -- live life in the moment . as it should be . fade out : the end