cellular by Larry Cohen revise by Chris Morgan current revision by J. mackye gruber &amp ; Eric bress July 16 , 2003 title over yellow background . we pull back to reveal we be look at the SUN . in the distance lie the gorgeous San Gabriel Mountains and the downtown Los Angeles skyline . in one long tracking shot , we crane past some tree to reveal the vast expansive home scattered in the hill of brentwood . homeowner walk dog , a paperboy chuck papers fr9m a gleam mountain bike ... it 's early in the morning , and the landscaper have not come with they leaf blower yet . continue booming down to road level to face the resplendent Martin residence . we steadicam down the fr ont walk , able to admire the manicure hedge and the black E scalade in the driveway , to the front door decorate with a whimsical placard that read , " the martin " -- and we pass through the keyhole into the foyer . int . jessica's house - morning we track through the live room , pass frame photo of a athletic eleven year old boy , and we hear a woman' voice as she come down the stair with a golden retriever at she side . woman ( into phone ) yes donna , I be out the door . we track over the woman 's shoulder and follow she into the kitchen , unable to see she face . woman ( cont 'd ) just inform kayleigh that anesthesia be on the way to prep the epidural and I will be there as soon as I can . still look over she shoulder , we watch she absently straighten a photograph of she son on the fridge as she talk . woman ( cont 'd ) and promise she she 's about to have a woooonnderful labor . as the woman pour herself a fresh cup of coffee , she housekeeper enter the kitchen with a full laundry basket . they give each other a silent wave . woman ( cont 'd ) right , I will see you in twenty . she hang up she cordless and take a breath as we come around to finally reveal jessica martin ; slightly weary , but ready for the day ahead . jessica buenas dias , Rosario . rosario good morning miss jessica . jessica see she answer machine blink , hit play . in the background , a cheerful Rosario enter frame and head for the back door carry the basket of laundry . male voice ( on machine ) honey ? honey , wake up . pick up the- and as she bring the coffee cup to she lip -- slamm !! the door explode open and a squad of five gunmen storm in , wear ski - mask . everything be a whirlwind of quick cut , noise and confusion . jessica 's dog start to lunge at the man and -- thup ! -- be still by a silence pistol before its second bark . Rosario run for the alarm system -- lead gunman get away from there ! do not touch that -- !! -- but as she reach out for the panic button -- blam !! he blow she away , too . the gunman curse , then turn on jessica . lead gunman ( cont 'd ) ( dire ) where be he ? jessica cringe . jessica where be who ? lead gunman wrong answer . the bastard haul back and -- wham I -- punch she in the face , knock jessica cold . then he turn to he man . lead gunman ( cont 'd ) search the house . and as the answer machine fill the silence : craig vo ( on machine ) - I will call back later . the lead gunman spin around , and we push into the blackness of he mask face . match CUT to : ext . kidnapper ' safehouse - day the blackness of a black van and escalade pass below we . we quickly crane down to see the vehicle travel through : a iron gate at the edge of a aband9e property . they bounce down a long lonely driveway line with barren tree -- angle on : the kidnapper ' van as it arrive at its destination ; a isolate house in the Hills . the grass be dead . the tree be dead . it 's the kind of place you could scream for a week and no one would hear a thing . as the van stop -- we push into its door : int . darkened attic - kidnapper ' safehouse a door crash open . Light slice through the dark revealing the dusty , skeletal interior . jessica be hurl into the room and fall to the floor . with bound hand , she frantically pull she blindfold off to see -- the lead ski - masked kidnapper stand in front of she . sturdier than the rest . solid . impose . jessica wh ... what do you want ? unsettlingly , the kidnapper say nothing , stare at she . jessica try to remain calm under he angry gaze ... then suddenly , the kidnapper turn and exit the room . jessica breathes a sigh of relief ... but it catch in she throat as he return ten second later -- with a baseball bat . grim as death , he stalk toward she -- jessica ( cont 'd ) no , wait .. and reaching.her , he haul back and swing -- jessica ( cont 'd ) no ! please --// smash ! the bat connect with a wooden beam a inch above jessica 's head , obliterating the rotary dial telephone that hang there . as phone gut shower down on she , the lead kidnapper turn and stomp away , slamm the attic door shut and lock jessica in the darkness . only now that they be go do jessica allow she fear to show through . tremble , tear run down she face , jessica finally break down , plead to the empty attic -- jessica ( cont 'd ) wha ... what the hell be happen ?! the attic 's suffocating silence be the only answer she get . dissolve to : the ocean skim along the water . and we tilt up to reveal the majestic beach of Southern California , and at the center of it all , the santa monica pier . ext . santa monica pier - morning - establishing it would be a typical day , except for that some people be prepare for a " heal the BAY " rally at the end of the pier . vendor set up , prepare for the daily grind ahead . biker gather around a bad - ass hellcat g2 confederate motorcycle and admire its cut - edge design . hot chick in bikinis try on sunglass at a stand . fishermen crack beer while await the next bite . int . santa monica pier - arcade - morning angle on - arcade game screen . the screen display a car-race arcade game . a computer generate hot- rod pass other racer at breakneck speed . play the sit-down game , daytona USA , be : ryan ackerman , early twenty , look like he grow up on the beach without so much as a pot to piss in . his lethal reflex and bold recklessness , however , have make he a jedi master of the game . Ryan 's score approach the high score at the top of the screen . ryan you recording this ? chad ( os ) yeah , sure ... chad , he best bud , aim a blue tooth videostreaming cellphone at some cute girl instead . we can see they face on the tiny screen of the cellphone . Ryan 's car get catch behind a blue speedster , then pass on the shoulder . ryan move , bitch . he get a extended play and the screen flash " new record . " nearby , a kid watch the game nod . kid Nice . the high score start rise to match Ryan 's score . ryan get that ? Ryan turn around to see Chad have shove the cellphone down the front of he tatter short . and he 's freeballing it . chad check it ; attack of the bubblegum monster in hi- definitely videostream - ryan c'mon Chad , I gotta put my mouth on that . holding a cup of soda between he tooth , Chad pull the cellphone out of he pants and hit " send " . chad ( through cup -hold tooth ) sweet . it 's go to my email right now . s9me soda inadvertently spill onto the cellphone and Chad wipe it dry on he pants . ryan watch it dude , I gotta return that thing in seven day . chad they be not give you shit yet ? ryan Nah , whenever I return it , I just list off why the phone suck and they give I a new model . figure by the tenth time I will have to go somewhere else . Ryan 's car finally crash in a wall of flame . game over . CUT to : the ocean as see look over the rail of the pier . the tide be in , but it 's still a forty foot drop . ryan stare over the railing like a death row inmate contemplate he last meal . chad go already . no one 's look . his leave hand hold he wallet . chad ( cont 'd ) ( be : wallet ) need I to hold that ? Ryan stick it in the pocket of he surfer short -- he zip a zipper , tuck a velcro flap . pat he pocket proudly . ryan waterproof . but as soon as Ryan covertly climb onto the rail , he leave leg start tremble like crazy . ryan ( cont 'd ) this be stupid . I could get kill . pick another dare . Chad lower the phone , irritate . chad my ass . not after you make I march in the Gay pride parade wear a thong . ryan screw it then . in one ... two ... two and a half -- chad Whole number only , rabbitfoot . Ryan stare at the wave crash below . his leg start snake like crazy ... and he chicken out , hopping back to the deck . chad ( cont 'd ) just so you know , I be email this to every chick you ever meet . but suddenly Ryan 's oblivious to the dare . his eye be glue to something else -- chad ( cont 'd ) ( speak like hal 900 ) transmit pussy file now . chloe , early 20 , a head turner , confident , funny ; she can pull you in like a tractor beam . she and some cute friend carry heavy cardboard box toward a table set up for the " heal the Bay " rally . Ryan walk over like he own the place . ryan get any more ? I be here to help . chloe thanks , but no , we get them all . ryan what 's in them ? Chloe open the box . hand he a " heal the Bay " pamphlet . ryan ( cont 'd ) cool , you be hand this out during the concert ? chloe yeah , wanna help ? Ryan try to ignore he thunder heart . ryan Hell yeah . I be all about " heal the Bay . " his eye ricochet off the pamphlet in he hand . ryan ( cont 'd ) I a Chad do the monthly cleanup thing , of course ... a awesome wing -man , Chad appear over Chloe 's shoulder , pretend to read a pamphlet , but really hold it up so Ryan can see it . piece of cake , now . ryan ( cont 'd ) we have collect water sample with the stream team , raise money on the promenade ... I be surprised I have not see you . he offer he hand . ryan ( cont 'd ) Ryan . she take it . chloe Chloe . the handshake linger a second longer than necessary , and they both smile at each other . Chad split . chloe ( cont 'd ) I can not tell if you be full of it . Ryan stop posture , get real . ryan you ever go up to Santa Barbara ? my dad use to take I there all ryan ( cont 'd ) the time . they pier be amazing , clear water , huge crab everywhere , oyster right there on the rock , starfish ... hard to believe it 's the same ocean sometimes . he 's manage to win she back . chloe maybe you and I can take a break later when Pat benatar go on . ryan sound like a plan . there 's a moment ... then -- chloe oh no -- I forget . I still have to pick up a box of t-shirt at the kinkos on Venice . ryan I will do it for you ... if you want . chloe seriously , you would ? ryan sure . how much be the bill ? chloe nothing . it 's be pay up front . ryan do you promise not to go anywhere ? chloe done . Ryan make a graceful exit . turn back . ryan okay , I will not be long . chloe ( laugh ) bye. Ryan grab Chad , and as they walk out of earshot : ryan dude , do Santa Barbara have a harbor or a pier ? CUT to : ext . venice - day a short time later , Ryan cruise through a Venice neighborhood . Ryan drive a early 70 's Ford bronco ; clothes be strewn across the backseat , and a box of " heal the Bay " t-shirt now sit on the shotgun seat . Ryan reach into the glove box and pull out a toothbrush . he sip warm soda from a bottle and begin brush . check himself out in the mirror , he sniff he pit , whoa , and grab the cellphone . ryan ( into phone ) dex , wassup ? you will not believe the hotty I just meet at the pier . smoke . you wanna meet they ? yeah ? well do not get too excited ' cause I need my money . Ryan stop at a red light . ryan ( cont 'd ) bullshit , you be not go anywhere , ( quickly add ) I be pull up right now . some ambulance speed by , siren blaring . it 's deafen . Ryan lay on the horn . when the light change , Ryan peel away angrily . ryan ( cont 'd ) ( cover he ear ) what ? yeah , you better be . and I need you shower , I be talkin ' code red stankage - the cellphone begin to crackle with static just as Ryan drive under a overpass . suddenly -- the car ahead of he stop in the middle of the street . Ryan notice too late and have to jam on the brake . the car skid , he scream ... and come to a stop a inch before hit the other car 's bumper . he lift the phone receiver to he ear but the call be washed with static . ryan ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) dex ? you still there ...? and as have happen to all of we , he lose the call . ryan ( cont 'd ) damn . ext . highway overpass - moment later 10 as traffic resume and Ryan clear the overpass -- id iu sfx : the cellphone ring . Ryan pick up the phone . ryan sorry , get cut off . hey -- what 's my caller id say ? but there 's no voice on the other end , only shuffle sound . ryan ( cont 'd ) yo dex ...? match CUT to : 11 int . kidnapper ' attic 11 ecu - a tangle of phone wire 12 they insulation pick off and splice together . pan along 12 the attic floor , past the rubble of the shattered phone , foll9wing the crudely repair wire to jessica's hand , tapping the dialer wire together . she 's try so hard to simulate a numeric pulse that she almost do not hear : ryan ( vo ) hello ...? jessica 's hand go suddenly still , then -- whoom ! -- she head slam down into frame on top of the crush earpiece , a desperate hope fill she eye . CUT back to : 13 int . ford bronco - continuous 13 with still no answer , Ryan pull the phone from he ear -- ryan whatever . sign off - -- and be just about to hit end call when he hear a tiny female voice on the other end . jessica ( vo ) wait ! do not hang up ! Ryan put the phone back to he ear . ryan hello ? jessica ( vo ) there 's not much time ! I need you to go to the police . my name be jessica Martin ; I have be kidnap ! ryan ( not buy ) oh really ? kidnap , huh ? 13 j.j jessica ( vo ) please . I know what you be think , but it 's real ! I be in a attic somewhere . I think they be go to kill I ! you need to - ryan awfully polite kidnapper to give you a phone ... jessica 's voice trembles uncontrollably . desperate , fearful and frustrated . jessica ( vo ) no ! you do not understand ! suddenly , the cellphone blip twice in Ryan 's ear . he pull it away and look at its faceplate . 14 insert shot - the cellphone 14 the lcd read : call waiting . accept ? 15 ext . surface street - day 15 ryan if you be really in trouble , you would have call the cop , not I . now I have get a real call on the other line -- match CUT to : 16 int . attic 16 a wider shot so we see jessica 's bound hand . her bruise face . whisper frantically into the demolished telephone she 's jeri -rigging back together as she talk . jessica ( vo ) goddamn it , listen to I ! the phone I be on ... it 's shattered ! there 's no dialer ! I have be click wire together for hour try to get someone , anyone , and you be the only connection I be able to make ! ( important beat ) if you hang up , I may not get anyone else . 17 intercut call - ryan in ford bronco / jessica bound in attic 17 sfx : Ryan 's call wait blip again . he consider everything jessica have say , then : ryan hmm . suck to be you . try crank yanking someone else . late . 17 jessica wait ! do not hang up ! don 't hang up !! but -- click ! Ryan flash over to the next call . ryan dex ? match CUT to : 18 int . telemarket bullpen - day 18 a telemarketer check Ryan 's name on a list , then glance at the script . telemarketer hello , Mr. ackerman . my name be Mark and I would like to discuss with you the benefit of mastercharge credit Union 's - ryan ( vo ) awesome , I can totally use a credit card . tell I more . telemarketer absolutely . we have lower we apr - ryan - shucks , now 's really not a good time , but why do not I get you number and get back to you later . telemarketer sure , it 's 818 ... ryan that 's the office number ? telemarketer yes . ryan why do not you give I you number instead . that way I can call you when you be have dinner with you family . a beat . telemarketer sorry to have bother you . click ! the telemarketer hang up . ryan damn skippy . and that 's when he notice the message flash on the phone 's faceplate : call on hold . Ryan click the flash button to pick it up ... and jessica be still there . intercut call - ryan in car / jessica in attic 19 jessica ( vo ) -- a you hear I ?! ryan you still there ? you be get kinda creepy , lady . see ya . jessica no! do not ! they be go to kill I ! they be go to kill I !! a silent beat . a calculate look in she eye ... ryan pull the phone from he ear and be about to hang up ... when he hear the one sound that stop all man cold . on the other end , jessica begin to cry . ryan oh , it 's like that , huh ? Nice with the fake tear , lady ... jessica please ... I just need help . but Ryan will not be manipulate . ryan you need act lesson . now go take you med and bug someone else . jessica this man !!!-- jessica stop herself short , quieting the rise hysteria in she voice before it give she away . she glance anxiously at the attic door , then continue , more in control . jessica ( cont 'd ) this man kill my housekeeper . my dog . you have to help I . Ryan bristle at be saddle with anything , much less this . ryan no , actually ( I do not . not with a hot chick wait for I at the pier . jessica please ... you be my only hope . ( beat ) what 's you name ? that catch Ryan off -guard . he stall , not want to make this personal . ryan why , you write a book --? 19 x ? jessica -- please , just tell I you name ! Ryan glance around the street , he eye fall on a stone fountain outside a french Restaurant . ryan uh ... johnny . johnny Fountain . jessica johnny ... what if it be you mother who be call for help ? how would you feel ? ryan well , I would be damn impressed , consider she 's dead . jessica goddamn it , how difficult be it to hand this phone off to the police ?! I will pay you ! ryan how much ? jessica five thousand dollar . ryan sure you will . I be hang up now . jessica no , wait ! wait !! even if there 's a eighty percent chance I be lie , you nave a one in five chance to make five grand f9r a lousy twenty minute of you life . ( panic as Ryan be silent ) have not you ever bet on a horse or buy a lottery ticket ? I be talk one - in- five odd , twenty minute . Ryan slap the radio off . ryan what do you want I to do ? CUT to : 20 int . 15 th precinct - station desk - day 20 someone's Pov . in extreme slow -motion , chaos unfold around we like a nightmare -- officer manhandle a drunk toward the back , a hooker scream at we with unholy rage , in the far corner , a junkie spit on 20 ^ a officer's face and there 's a lethal race for disinfectant through invisible soup . sound be distant , eerily muffle . a high - pitched whine let we know we be in hell . close up : bob mooney' eye . concerned , but not panicked . mooney' Pov . still surreal , slow -motion , as a Officer with a crewcut respond by spin the junkie 's face into a wall , legal but hard . sfx : a heartbeat . our . fast ... and possibly irregular ? close up - slow motion - the right thumb press into the left wrist . mooney' eye . watch . count ... suddenly -- wham !! back to reality when a young gangbanger be slam into the station desk by a rookie . rookie officer Problem , Mooney . if I put this one in with the other , there 's gonna be a bloodbath . gangbanger put I in there ! I will waste all they pussy ! reveal sergeant bob mooney -- a tough , fifty - something beat cop who 's fight grow old every step of the way . he roll he eye at the situation and take a bite of pizza . mooney come on Powell , put the shark with the shark , the jet with the jet and make room . rookie Powell suppress he irritation and roughly yank the gangbanger back over to the hold cell . Mooney put down the pizza , no appetite , and stare at the news story play on the tv mount in the corner . 21 on the television 21 a news reporter be in the middle of a segment . over he , footage roll of six guilty - look cop testify in court ; be lead away in handcuffs . news reporter ... be somber when the indictment come down this afternoon in the 23rd precinct corruption scandal . though the name of six police officer be read aloud , the District Attorney state that this be merely the " tip of the iceberg " and that unfortunately many other arrest be likely to be come as the investigation proceed . '2 back to police station 22 as detective jack tomlin pass Mooney , he nod toward the tv . detective tomlin suck for the fella at the two - Three right now , huh ? mooney dirty prick deserve what they get . Public hate we enough without this shit . detective tomlin ( leave ) there 's good man over there . a female officer pass Mooney and reach for he box of pizza . female officer Mooney ? what be you do ? you can not be eat this crap . Mooney plant he own firm grip on the box . mooney keep walk , shelly . nothing to see here . a friendly tug of war . female officer you sure you wanna do that ? what would you wife say ? that 's it . Mooney snatch he lunch back and turn to lecture this little girl . mooney she would say nothing , ' cause she 's not gonna know about it ! Christ , shel , my old man have eleven heart attack . eleven ! I have one little infarction and you guy start treat I like a invalid ! I be a grow man ! leave I alone , will you ?! female officer ( abash ) I be merely refer to you cottage - cheese ass . Mooney sigh and lift he pizza to he mouth when -- whamm ! the station door burst open and two dozen gang member be bum-rush into the room by a squad of cop in riot gear . the scream be deafen . 17 . 22 22 mooney I hate this place . CUT to : 23 ext . 15 th precinct - continuous 23 the Ford bronco roar up ; snag the handicapped spot . Ryan hop out and limp theatrically the first few step until he 's far enough away from the car to start run . ryan ( into phone ) I be here . 24 int . 15 th precinct - continuous 24 cop try to wrangle the dozen of shouting gang member who cram the Station desk , wait to be book . Ryan take a deep breath and shove he way through the mayhem to the extremely shorthand Station desk where : mooney be busy do ten thing at once . sign release papers . book a drunk whose wife - beater tee be drench in blood , etc . ryan Excuse I , officer -- but Mooney ignore he in favor of the three cop that suddenly need arrest sheet sign . ryan ( cont 'd ) hey , I have get a emergency here -- just then , crewcut officer shoulder he way through with a cuffed crackhead trannie in tow . the trannie 's wrist ache . crackhead trannie loosen this , man , please ?! jus ' gimme a chance -- crewcut officer hey , Moon ! where do you want I to put whitney Houston ? mooney Christ , I have only get two hand here ! stick he in the can , will ya ? crewcut nod and move off towards the bathroom . ryan ( shove forward ) come on , man ! I have get some lady on the phone here who say she 's be kidnap ! 18 . 24 24 Ryan hold up the phone . Mooney look around . mooney Nice try , kid , but I get no time for prank . ryan seriously , a lady be murder ! mooney which be it , a kidnap or a murder ? ryan take the phone and find out moron ! a cop snicker somewhere . match CUT to : 25 int . kidnapper ' attic 25 jessica hold she breath . she stare apprehensively at the attic door , praying for Mooney to just take the damn phone . jessica please . . . 6 back to police station 26 Ryan look sincere . Mooney deliberate , then sigh . mooney okay . give it here . Ryan thrust the phone at he , happy to get rid of it . jessica ( vo ) ( barely audible whisper ) oh thank God ! you have get to help I . my name 's jessica Martin and I have be kidnap . this morning five man break into my home in brentwood and kidnap -- Mooney strain to hear . his eye go wide and he quickly jot note on a pad . Mooney 's eye shift as three tweaker , wide eye and sweat profusely , be lead inside by they arresting officer . mooney ah shit . Mooney hold out the phone . mooney ( cont 'd ) hurry kid , take this upstairs to robbery / homicide and ask for detective tomlin . 19 . 26 26 Ryan reluctantly take the phone back as more people converge on the Station desk . 27 int . kidnapper ' attic 27 jessica hear the phone be shuffle around . ryan ( vo ) where ? jessica hello ? Officer ? hello ?! 28 back to police station 28 Mooney , recognize a emergency when he hear one , ignore the income crowd he long enough to assist Ryan . mooney up the stair , tomlin ! Ryan turn away , and as he return the cellphone to he ear , he 's startle to hear -- jessica ( vo ) ( terrify ) oh my God ... ryan what ? what be it ? CUT to : 29 int . kidnapper ' attic 29 jessica hear : sfx : footstep . right outside her door . ryan ( vo ) Lady , what 's go on ?! jessica drop the phone . have just enough time to shove it behind she before -- slam ! -- the attic door swing open and two of the mask kidnapper stride in . when they reach she , they stand silently , try to unnerve she . lead kidnapper where 's you husband ? jessica what ? I do not - the mask leader slap her sharply across the face ! jessica want to collapse to the ground , but remain sit to keep the phone hidden behind she . the leader bend down and yell right in she face . 20 . 29 29 lead kidnapper where be he !? jessica at work ! why , what do you want --? slap !!! this one 's even nastier than the first . lead kidnapper negative ! where would he run ?! match CUT to : 30 ryan - in the police station stairwell 30 phone to he ear . Wide -ey . hear it all . for the first time , start to believe jessica 's story . ryan oh shit ... panick , Ryan turn and walk , then jog , then all - out run for the station stairwell . CUT back to : 31 int . kidnapper ' attic 31 -v the lead kidnapper stand ominously over the tremble jessica -- oh God ! do he see the phone cord ? jessica please , he should be at work ! that 's all I know . the leader nod , then turn away . jessica exhales with relief that he do not spot the phone . but she victory be short - live as : lead kidnapper you have a little boy , right ? ricky ? the wyman School in westwood ? jessica gasp like a sledgehammer just hit she in the chest . jessica no ! no - -.'.' stay away from my son ! leave he alone !! but -- the man silently head out the door -- slam ! the door lock . jessica scramble back to the phone . jessica ( cont 'd ) johnny !! 32 intercut call - ryan running up stairwell / jessica in attic 32 ryan I know . I be try to get help . 21 . 32 32 jessica my son -- suddenly , as Ryan reach the first landing -- static start break up the call . jessica ( cont 'd ) ( worried ) oh my God ! what 's happen ?! ryan it 's just static . I be run upstairs to the detective . hold on , I might lose you for a sec - - jessica ( vo ) ( realize ) no , do not ! stop . you can not lose I -- ryan ( still run ) wait , we be almost there . jessica ( panic , lose she cool ) stop ! johnny , goddamn it , stop ! stop ! if you lose I , i'm dead !! hear she fearful tone , Ryan stop reluctantly . ryan well , what the hell be I suppose to do ?! Ryan look at himself , stand on the stair like a idiot . ryan ( cont 'd ) Jesus ! I be almost there ! Ryan check the signal strength indicator on the phone . there 's only one bar leave . defiantly , Ryan take a step up ... and the bar disappear . he quickly hop back down . ryan ( cont 'd ) crap ! ( shout up stair ) hello ? detective tomlin ! will someone get tomlin for I , please ?! there 's no response . Ryan can not believe this . ryan ( cont 'd ) you be shitting I . jessica johnny , what time be it ?! johnny ! ryan ( check he watch ) who ? oh -- one -twenty . ( more ) 22. 32 32 ryan ( cont 'd ) ( yell upstairs ) be anyone up there ?! jessica calm herself , resolve to save she child 's life . jessica johnny , listen to I . my son 's school let out at 1:45 . ryan good , then if I get a cop -- Ryan exit the stairwell to find Mooney -- but Mooney 's not there anymore ! there 's some new guy -- and he 's swamped ! jessica no . there 's not enough time . you have to pick he up before they -- ryan pick he up ? Hell no , lady ! I be not goin ' nowhere else -- Ryan try to get the new guy 's attention , in a dream . jessica please please stop stand there ! he 's just a little boy ! ryan but I be in a police station ! jessica go! Ryan grunt in frustration . smash CUT to : 33 ext . 15 th precinct - moment later 33 ecu - the ford bronco' tire -- Burning rubber ... CUT to : 34 int . kidnapper ' safehouse - ground floor - live room 34 the furniture in this abandon house be all cover with sheet give the entire place a creepy , haunt feel . follow the lead kidnapper as he descend a nearby stairwell and pull off he mask -- reveal greer Forties , salt and pepper hair . he look to he crew : the kidnapper 23. 34 34 they be all trim . athletic . in good shape . they be unmasked , watch the tv with interest . the news on the corruption scandal . greer snap the tv off . check he watch and nod grimly . greek go get the kid . instantly , a hulk of a man ( deason ) and a arrogant , red - head prick ( ellis ) stand and exit the house . as greer stalk away ( boom down the bar to reveal a telephone sit there , unnotice by the man -- and on its face , the line-in - use indicator light be light . push in on the flash orange light that threaten to give Ryan and jessica 's call away . closer and closer , until we enter the phone and TRAVEL through the wire to -- 35 a matching light on ryan's cellphone 35 as we pull back we see that we be in the Ford bronco , racing through : 36 ext . CITY street - day 36 Ryan gun the engine as jessica panic on the other end of the phone . we can hear she hyperventilate . '' jessica ( vo ) where be you now ?! ryan I just get off the 405 . jessica ( vo ) you have get to go faster , johnny ! ryan you have gotta chill ! you be stress the crap out of I ! ( look around ) where the hell be a cop hide in a speed trap when you need one ? Ryan take a hard right , tire squealing . push it against he better judgment . ryan ( cont 'd ) what do this guy want , anyway ? jessica ( vo ) how should I know ?! ryan what do you do ? jessica I be a obstetrician . they do not want anything from I . 24 . 36 36 Ryan slalom around other car like a racecar driver . ryan so you husband 's like , uber-rich ? jessica ( vo ) what - -? no . he 's a accountant . I make more money than he do . ryan could they have mistaken you for someone else ? jessica no ! I do not know . none of this make any sense . jessica start lose it completely , upsetting Ryan so much that he take the next corner too fast and -- skkrrash ! -- 37 ext . road construction - continuous 37 the bronco explode through a orange - and - white " road close " construction barrier ! and dead ahead be a construction crew resurfacing the road ! ryan oh ... shit !! Ryan slam on the brake and swerve to avoid hit a group of worker -- and obliterate the bronco' passenger side mirror against another barrier -- Ryan cringe with every muscle ! and the mirror ricochet off the ground -- and smashes through the windshield of a recently wax acura legend ! ryan ( cont 'd ) ( smirk ) ... ai not that a bitch . as the heavily - muscle worker start run to beat the shit out of he , Ryan floor the gas , send a shower of wet asphalt all over the cursing worker as he peel away , crashing through a final barrier . more cautiously , Ryan round the next corner and -- ryan ( cont 'd ) there 's the school . Ryan 's right . just ahead , we see : 38 ext . the wyman school - day 38 private prep school for boy . Ryan pull : a private prep it . walk quickly toward the building . school for boy . Ryan pull over and hop out , 25 . 38 38 ryan okay , I be here . jessica ( vo ) how much time do we have ? Ryan check he watch . it read : " 1:40 pm " . he enter . ryan five minute . what 's you kid 's name ? jessica ( vo ) ricky . ryan ricky what ? jessica Martin . ryan ricky Martin ? you name you kid ricky Martin ?! why do not you tattoo " kick I " on he ass while you be at it ? jessica he be name before the singer ever - ryan forget it . what do he look like ? jessica ( vo ) he 's eight year old . blonde hair . Green eye . small for he age . he 's wear a light blue shirt and dark blue pants -- ryan they be all wear blue shirt and pants ! Ryan turn down a hallway and we see that he 's right . it 's fill with identically - uniformed little boy . as a timid blonde boy pass in front of he , Ryan grab he and wheel he around . ryan ( cont 'd ) ricky Martin ? the Boy 's eye get huge . he try to pull away . timid boy do not touch I ! ryan no , kid , it 's okay ! I do not mean to -- 26 . 38 38 timid boy help ! do not touch I ! do not touch !! Ryan quickly move on ... aware that other adult be now beginning to take notice of he . ryan ( into phone ) do he have anything else ? a jacket ? a backpack ? what 's he lunch box look like ? jessica ( vo ) I do not remember . ryan you do not remember you own kid 's lunch box ?! jessica I do not pack it ! Rosario , we housekeeper do ! sometimes Craig , but ... jessica begin to sob , which cause Ryan to panic further . ryan ricky Martin , where be you !? none of the stepford kid respond . jessica ( vo ) ( through tear ) I wish I could give you more . now Ryan 's run . he yell into a bathroom . ryan ricky Martin ? male voice ( os ) can I help you , sir ? Ryan turn to see a muscular gym teacher loom there . clearly , the guy think Ryan 's peeping into the boy ' room . ryan I be look for a little blond boy -- ( off he shocked look ) -- no , no ! not like that ! gym teacher Sir , come with I , please ! Ryan be not go anywhere . and that 's when the bell ring . like a nightmare , hundred of uniformed little boy come racing out of they class . ryan oh shit ... 27 . 38 38 as the boy stampede by , Ryan yank the whistle from around the gym teacher 's thick neck and start blow it like crazy . gym teacher hey -- 11 ryan ricky martin ! doe anyone know where ricky martin be ? 1 I can not believe I be yell this at a all - boy school . all hell be break loose . the kid ignore he . the huge gym teacher race after he . jessica yell in he ear . jessica ( vo ) be that the bell ? be that the bell ?! ryan yes . ricky ! ricky martin !! Ryan wade through the sea of uniform . jessica ( vo ) he '11 go to the parent ' pick - up spot . oh God , they be go to get he ! " '' Ryan turn around and start bull through . the gym teacher violently grab he arm and yank -- gym teacher where do you think you be go ? -- cause the phone to fly out of Ryan 's hand and -- crack ! -- hit the pavement . ryan no --! Ryan tug he arm free and race to the phone . the lcd display glass be crack into a spiderweb . ryan ( cont 'd ) ( desperate into phone ) jessica ? you still there ?! jessica ( vo ) yes ? relieved , Ryan turn and race for the front of the school . ryan no one 's gonna get you kid ! he 's not slow , be he ? jessica ( vo ) what - -? no ! 28 . 38 38 ryan then he will not go anywhere with stranger . jessica ( vo ) unless they have we escalade . ricky ' 11 think it 's Rosario and hop right in ! she 's get a point . Ryan pick up the pace and arrive at the pick - up spot . scan the lot . ryan what color ? jessica Black ! ryan ( look ) of course it be . pan around to see what Ryan see -- three black cadillac escalade . ryan ( cont 'd ) there 's three of they . what 's you plate ? jessica ( vo ) 4..7.. wait , no ...3 -- oh my God , I do not remember ! ryan like you do not remember the lunch box ? or anything else about you kid -- ( stop , realize ) oh , man . this be a prank , be not it ? jessica ( vo ) no ! ryan bullshit ! oh , you be good lady . you friend too . get I to scream out ' ricky Martin ' at a boy school . damn , you really nail I . jessica ( vo ) no -- this be great , the police think I be a whack job . the school think I be some kind of perv child molester . I will probably get the herpes from the gym teacher 's whistle -- 29 . 38 38 jessica ( vo ) no , johnny , you have to listen to I -- /.' but Ryan 's have enough . he turn to leave -- ryan I be do be you entertainment for the day . I be go back to the pier while I still have a chance -- -- and pass right by a blonde-haire , green -ey , EIGHT - year -old boy carry a Lord of the ring lunchbox . Ryan hesitates and be about to stop the kid ... but then decide " screw it " , and keep on hoof . Ryan round a corner to leave -- and be confront by the gym teacher and a rent-a-cop security guard . gym teacher here he be ! he 's the one that 's be stalking the student . ryan stalk ?! no , I can explain -- the rent-a - cop mumble into he walkie . rent-a-cop # 1 okay , we get he . we be at the front of the school . ( then , to Ryan ) Sir , come with we . ryan ( as they grab he ) hey , hey rent-a-dude --!! hang on a sec ! this be a huuuge misunderstanding -- a little rent-a-cop car ( think geeky , wanna - be cop car ) pull up in the driveway below . the Security Guard start forcibly lead Ryan toward it , but as he get close -- jessica ( vo ) ( interrupt ) Lord of the ring ! I forget he father buy he a Lord of the ring lunchbox last week ! Ryan 's heart stop in he chest . he turn to see the Boy with the Lord or the ring lunchbox racing down the school step and up to one of the wait escalade . ryan ( struggle ) ricky martin !! the Boy open the car door ... but turn as he hear he name call . for the briefest moment , ricky and Ryan lock eye -- [ continued ) 30 . 38 38 -- and that 's when a hand reach out , snag he backpack and yank ricky into the dark of the car ! instantly , the door slam shut and the escalade begin to take off . whip pan to Ryan 's shocked reaction . he 's the only one who 's see it . he try to struggle free of the Guard . ryan ( cont 'd ) oh shit ! you just see that ?! lose control of Ryan , the rent-a - cop call to he partner in the car . rent-a-cop # 1 Roy , some help over here ! below , the escalade be leave the driveway . ryan ( struggle harder ) goddamn it , that little kid be just kidnap !! do something !! rent-a-cop # 1 Roy --! ! the second rent-a - cop , hop out of he car and run over , but as he get near -- Ryan break free ! ^ rent-a-cops hey --! ! they chase after he , but Ryan hop over the hood of the idling rent-a-cop car and throw himself into its driver 's seat . Rent -a - cop # 1 reach through the open window and grab Ryan 's collar -- and be drag twenty foot as Ryan throw the little car in gear and burn away . 39 int . rent-a-cop car - racing down a residential STREET 39 try to catch the escalade , a quarter - mile ahead . Ryan feel completely conspicuous in the security car as he slalom through the street of East Hollywood . jessica ( vo ) what 's happen , Ryan ?! ryan do not worry , I can fix this . jessica ( vo ) oh my God . there be three car between Ryan and the escalade . ryan it 's okay , I can see they ahead . 31 . 39 39 jessica ( vo ) do not lose they ! if you follow they back here , you can tell the police where they be hold we ! ryan okay . CUT to : 40 int . the kidnapper ' escalade 40 the mountainous deason drive as Ellis sit shotgun . in the back sit jessica 's son , ricky ; who eye the two man suspiciously . ccr play on the radio . Ellis , turn down the radio . faking sincerity , he turn to face ricky . ellis ( gesture to the radio ) do you want I to change the station to something else ? ricky refuse to answer . Ellis turn around , he fake smile quickly vanish . ellis ( cont 'd ) yeah . I like creedence too . he 's about to turn the radio volume up when -- ricky where 's Rosario ? ellis I tell you , kid , she have a doctor 's appointment , so you mother ask we to pick you up . do not worry , you will see you mommy in a few minute . ricky nod ... but we can tell by the look on he face that he 's not buy they story one bit . CUT back to : 41 ext . rent-a-cop car 41 cautiously , so as not to give himself away , Ryan pass one commuter car . then the next . narrow the gap between the rent -a- cop car and the escalade to one last auto . it take Ryan literally stand on the gas pedal to get up enough speed to get around the final car . now the escalade be dead ahead . Ryan begin gently close the distance between they , and be just start to relax , when -- a CITY bus merge into traffic from a Bus stop right ahead of he ! 32 . 41 41 ryan shit ! Ryan slam on he break and be force to crawl along at a ainful 25 m.p.h .. worse , he have he view of the escalade glock by the bus ' titanic silver ass . jessica ( vo ) johnny ! ryan damn ! there 's this stupid bus -- Ryan jag leave and right , catch glimpsis around the bus of the escalade still ahead . ryan ( cont 'd ) ( tap he horn ) come on ! but the bus do not pull over . Ryan try flash the security car 's clear bubble light on the roof , but who the hell would pull over for that ? the bus sure do not . ryan ( cont 'd ) Jesus . ' jessica ( vo ) can not you go around it ? there 's a ungodly amount of oppose traffic -- but suddenly there 's a break in the flow ! seize the moment , Ryan slam -sh ifts the rent -a - cop car 's uni-cylinder engine into gear and start to tear around the bus -- but have to swerve back as a speed trash truck round a bend and almost creams he ! ryan goddamn it ! jessica ( vo ) what ?! do you lose he ? ! ryan no , I just almost get kill , be all . jessica oh thank God ! ryan thank God ? ( irritate ) that 's nice . just then , the bus signal that it 's pull over . ryan ( cont 'd ) hey , here we go ! 33. 41 41 as the bus pull aside , Ryan floor the wanna - be cop car around it ... but directly in front of he be a homeless man , dress like a sheik , drag he caravan of two cover shopping cart . ryan ( cont 'd ) son - of - a -- ii Ryan slam on the brake , swerve hard to avoid a collision -- and lose cont rol of the car ! the rent -a- cop car go power sliding across oncoming traffic , horn blaring at he and head straight for a the floor to ceiling window of a car dealership . 42 int . car dealership 42 smash !!! the car go through the window and race down the center aisle . car salesmen and patron be force to dive out of the way as the rent - a- cop car mow down display and everything else in its path . CUT to : 43 int . the kidnapper ' escalade 43 the mountainous deason drive . in back , Ellis sit with jessica 's son , ricky , who eye the two man suspiciously . creedence clearwater revival play on the radio . ellis ( to deason ) anyone follow we ? deason check : the rearview mirror we see the bus about five car length behind , but the rent - a - cop car be nowhere to be see . deason flash a evil grin . deason nan . CUT back to : 44 ext . car dealership 44 the rent -a- cop car exit the dealership , smashing through another glass window ! Ryan quickly regains control of the car and steer it back on the street . only to find that the escalade have disappear ! jessica ( vo ) what 's happen ?! be you okay ?! ryan shit I 34 . 44 44 jessica ( vo ) what ?! yo u lose -- ryan no , no ! just give I a second -- as jessica go off , Ryan toss the phone down and focus on find the escalade . he floor the rent -a- cop car , engine clatter , to the intersection . Ryan franticly search in every direction , but the escalade be nowhere to be see . he floor it . ryan ( cont 'd ) Jesus ! where the hell do they go ? dread talk to jessica , Ryan slowly pick up the receiver . ryan ( cont 'd ) jessica , I -- jessica ( vo ) you let they get away . Ryan want to snap at she , but guilt crush it right out of he . he know she 's right . dissolve to : j int . 15 th precinct - locker room - day 45 Mooney change out of he blue , he ear glue to three cop in the corner , boast about a arrest . cop one -- so of course everyone 's play dumb to what kind of drug he 's on . the cop start to snicker ; they have all hear that one before . cop one ( cont 'd ) so I start search the place . I be about to open a closet door when a kid with a Mac 10 jump out of the bathroom . he shoot . miss I and hit one of the e.m.t 's . fire again , but the gun jam and bam ! blow half he face off . have enough black tar heroin in the closet to resurface the 405 . Mooney try to join in on the conversation . mooney it must have be around ' 84 , when ... the cop turn around , while grab they stuff . 35 . 45 45 cop two sorry Moon , we be late for a briefing . Mooney wave they on , but look disappointed for not be able to join in . deep male voice ( o.s. ) I will bet in you day you have some storey . Mooney whip he head around to see detective jack tomlin . mooney hey tomlin . detective tomlin take off ? mooney ( hardly thrilled ) my anniversary . you know , duty call ; pricey dinner and then some crap - ass play . ( beat ) hey , I send some college kid down to see you this morning . have some rap about a kidnap -- detective tomlin I have not see anyone , but I will ask around . kidnap , huh ? mooney I think it be a prank at first , but the kid be so work up -- detective tomlin well , do not you get work up . ( slap Mooney 's chest ) if the kid come back , page I , and I will be sure to see he . mooney ( swallow he pride ) yeah . okay , Jack . thanks . and as tomlin walk off -- CUT to : 46 int . rent-a-cop car - chugging through west L.A. 46 Ryan lead - foot the gas . the speedometer climb . forty . fifty . sixty mile a hour . jessica ( vo ) look , johnny , you have get to go back to the cop -- 36 . 46 46 ryan be you high ?! I just jack a car ! jessica ( vo ) goddamn it , stop think about just yourself ! you can explain everything to they later ! suddenly -- sfx : ryan's phone begins beeping . ryan what now ? Ryan pull the phone away from he ear and check it out . insert shot - cellphone face plate the battery indicator be flash : low batt . low batt . ryan ( cont 'd ) great ! now the battery 's die . jessica do not you have a charge ? ryan it 's in my car ! hold on . sfx : beep -beep ! the battery indicator have lose another bar . Ryan fumble around in the armrest . find nothing . open the glovebox and -- a snub-nose .38 special tumble out . ryan ( cont 'd ) Jesus -- ! jessica what 's go on ? do you find one ? ryan ( stare at the gun ) not exactly ... sfx : beep - beep !! jessica start grow afraid . jessica johnny , do not lose I ! ryan well what the hell do you expect I to do ?! just then , Ryan round a corner -- and see traffic gridlocked to a halt ahead . he try to maneuver around it , but be almost immediately box in . sfx : beep -beep -beep ! jessica johnny --! 37 . 46 46 ryan I know , jessica ! the phone start a steady beeping now , die imminent . and traffic be not go anywhere . Ryan look around desperately . nothing . no emergency lane . no shoulder . just a long drop down a hill to a strip mall below -- strip mall ?! Ryan scan it and do a double - take on one of the store 's sign : " verizon wireless " . traffic inch forward . now he see a off - ramp a quarter - mile ahead -- but at this rate , it will take forever to make it there . sfx : beep -beep -beep ...'. ' Ryan 's get to do something . now . ryan ( cont 'd ) you know that money you promise I ? jessica ( vo ) yes . ryan I be give myself a raise . 47 ext . verizon mall hill - continuous 47 and with that , Ryan crank the steering wheel hard right and hit the gas ! despite other driver ' protest , the little rent-a - cop vehicle blast across the gridlock , tear through the rusty guard rail and -- vroooom ! -- fly off the side of the hill ! Ryan let out a frighten yell as he sail through the clear blue sky . ryan hoooollyyy shiiii -- thump ! the rent-a - cop car touch down on a steep downslope . Ryan struggle to control the buck automobile , miraculously avoid the minefield of rock and tree stump . he need both hand for the job and hold the phone by its antenna in he tooth . there 's so much noise , the only thing jessica could possibly hear be a cacophony of noise and Ryan hyperventilating . jessica ( vo ) what 's go on ?! ryan ( with phone in tooth ) mmmrrmph mrm mrmph ! Ryan be bounce around like a corn kernel in a popper until the car hit a jutting rock and -- whoooom ! -- go up on two wheel . it look like it 's go to roll but gravity bring 38 . 47 47 it back down -- slamm ! -- so hard that the phone go fly across the car ! ryan ( cont 'd ) shit ! Ryan scrabble for the phone -- but give it up when he bounce over a rise and see a billboard dead ahead ! ryan ( cont 'd ) whoaaaaaa ! Ryan whip the wheel and navigate the little car between the billboard 's concrete post , but -- wham ! -- obliterate the rent -a- cop 's bubble light on the billboard 's lower edge . somehow , Ryan muscle the buck econocar safely down the rest of the hill and into the strip mall parking lot , where it skid out . ryan ( cont 'd ) ( grab phone ) jessica ?! can you hear I ?! jessica ( vo ) I be here ! Ryan hop out and race inside -- 48 the verizon wireless store - continuous 48 and of course , they be have a sale and the place be pack . every salesperson be beyond busy in the feed frenzy . sfx : beep -beep -beep !! panick , Ryan push he way to the front of the counter -- irate customer hey , what do you think you be do ? there 's a line ! -- to the overly-perky salesman help someone else . overly -perky salesman ..and if you get the new nokia 9200 , you can switch out faceplate to match you mood ! and we have a special today on tiger stripe ... be you feel fierce ? the salesman make a playful paw swipe with he hand . easily -excitable customer oh , how fun ! ryan Excuse I -- overly -perky salesman I be sorry , sir , I be with a customer now . ( more ) 39 . 48 48 overly -perky salesman ( cont 'd ) ( indicate a number dispenser ) but if you take a number , someone will be with you shortly . Ryan glance at the dispenser . a big yellow smiley face with ticket eject from the mouth . the next ticket it offer be " # 97 " ... and the now -serving display on the wall read " # 71 " . sfx : beep -beep -beep ! I just then , a busy saleswoman walk by . Ryan grab she . ryan hey ! hey ! I have get a emergency here -- busy saleswoman sorry , I be on break -- ryan damn it , will you listen to I ?! I have get a life and death call on this phone and my battery 's die ! do you have a charge ? busy salesman sure. ( walk away ) take a number and one of the sale associate will grab you one when you turn come up . _ / - ryan Bu t -- ! sfx : beep -beep -beep -beep !!! Ryan break out in a cold sweat . can not catch he breath . as a saleswoman rush by , Ryan reach for she . ryan ( cont 'd ) help , I -- saleswoman take a number . the room start spin around he . it 's clear no one 's go to help he . like the clap of doom , the now - serving display on the wall flip happily to " # 72 " sfx : beep -beep-beep-beep !!! frantic , Ryan glance at the phone . and just as the last battery bar on the power indicator flicker and disappear -- ryan aw , screw this ... -- Ryan pull the rent -a-cop 's big .38 special from he pocket and blows the smiley face dispenser to dust ! 40 . 48 48 instantly , people hit the dirt . ryan ( cont 'd ) oh look ! now serve thirty eight special ! ( beat ) now who' gonna get I that goddamn charger ? CUT to : 49 ext . police station - parking BAY 49 '' Mooney exit the mayhem of the 's tation and walk to a squad car . get in . as he pull he seatbelt on , something crinkle in he breast pocket . he pull it out -- the scrap of paper where the scribble the word " jessica martin " and " brentwood " when Ryan hand he the phone . Mooney crumple the paper and be about to throw it away ... but stop himself . he stare at the word , then unable to let it go , punch key on the mobile data terminal . a name and address appear on the screen : jessica kate martin . 327 elmwood estate , brentwood . Mooney stare at the name . then , after a moment , he sigh and pull a LA laker cellphone from he coat . dial . mooney hi , honey . yeah , I be gonna be a few minute late ... and as Mooney close the door and start up the engine -- CUT to : 50 int . jessica's live room - day 50 we pan past photograph of jessica 's family over to - a answering machine ring ... answer . we hear jessica 's outgo message , then a beep and - male voice ( over machine ) jessica ? damn , where be you ? ( beat ) I call earlier and ... jess , I be in serious trouble . I can not explain right now , but we be all in danger . please , just grab ricky and meet I in leave field . pan up to a attractive woman listen to the machine . CUT to : 41 . 51 int . rent-a-cop car - racing off through the CITY 51 just as the phone literally die -- Ryan rip a new charger from its package , slap it into the phone and voila , it begin charging . ryan whew ! that be so no bueno ! jessica ( vo ) you find a charge ? ryan among other thing ... Ryan glance at pile of phone gear he 's appropriate from Verizon . earbud mike . manual . reception booster . 52 intercut call - ryan in car / jessica in attic 52 Ryan fiddle with the now war-torn phone . jessica thank you for do all this , johnny . ryan yeah , look , about that ... ( awkward beat ) my-name be not really johnny Fountain . jessica good , it sound like a porn star name . ( then softly ) it 's okay . I know . you do not have to tell I -- ryan it 's Ryan . Ryan ackerman . I be a bar-back . I be twenty - two , and just a little freak out right now . jessica be move with emotion by he honesty . jessica thank you , Ryan . but before they can say any more , suddenly -- sfx : feet on the stair - coming toward the attic ! jessica jump with a start . tries to push the phone gut behind a beam with she foot as greer enter -- but fail . the receiver sit in front of the beam , exposed ! greer cross the room and sit on a box next to jessica . he stare at she for long , uncomfortable moment . then : 42 . 52 52 greek do you want to die here ? jessica drain white -- do he see the phone ?! CUT back to : 53 ryan - in the rent-a-cop car 53 slam on the brake and skid up to the curb . cover the mouthpiece . ryan oh shit ! 54 back to attic 54 greer 's question still hang in the air . jessica n-no ... jessica scoot away , try to draw greer 's eye in another direction from the phone that lie out in the OPEN . jessica ( cont 'd ) ... but I be go to , be not I ? greer up to you . you husband leave a message ask you to meet he in leave field . where 's that ? jessica what ? I do not understand --? greer wind up and bam ! Hit jessica in the stomach , knock the wind out of she and cause she to fall to the ground . greer -- a base ball field !? wh ich of not do he mean ?! jessica ( choke out the word ) I ... I do not know what you want I to say . I swear -- greer shut up !!! which field ?! he would not leave a message that do not make sense to you ! greer tighten he fist and be about to hit jessica again -- jessica wait ! the bleacher behind leave field at dodger Stadium ! that 's where we first meet . 43. 54 54 greer stare at jessica for a long uncomfortable moment , search she soul . she 's lie . jessica ( cont 'd ) please ! believe I . that have to be where he mean . I swear to God . then he stand , look away for just a moment -- but long enough for jessica to nudge the phone back behind the beam ! greer work in my profession as long as I have , you begin to recognize the truth when you hear it . jessica , tremble , hang on greer 's every word . greer ( cont 'd ) ( turn back ) go to the window , jessica . there 's something I want you to see . relieved at hide the phone , jessica get up and move to the attic window -- and gasp . 55 jessica be Pov - the yard below 55 down in the yard below , jessica 's eleven - year - old son ricky stand uncomfortably in the middle of a basketball half - court as one of the kidnapper ( a severe - look ex- con name hodge ) stand nearby , watch . 56 int . attic 56 jessica 's knee nearly buckle . jessica ricky ! 57 ext . the yard below 57 hodge look up and see jessica 's face in the window . then turn and toss a basketball to ricky . hodge shoot hoop . ricky I .. I do not feel like it . hodge ( threaten ) shoot . nervously , ricky begin to bounce the ball . 58 int . attic 58 jessica see she son start shoot the ball -- completely oblivious to hodge , who flick open he coat , revealing silenced pistol tuck into he waistband . 44 . 58 58 greek you have three second to tell I where he really be or you be go to a funeral . CUT to : 59 int . the rent-a-cop car 59 Ryan 's listen . helpless . there 's nothing he can do . ryan oh Jesus ! oh Jesus !! 60 int . attic / ext . safehouse 60 jessica drain ghost - white . on the verge of pass out . down below , ricky shoot basket , unaware of hodge close he hand around he gun . greer one .. . jessica please ! please , believe I ! ricky play innocently -- while hodge now cock he pistol . greer two. frantic , jessica lock eye with hodge , silently plead for he not to do this . hodge stare back with glacial ice . jessica ( sobbing uncontrollably ) please , he 's just a child ! CUT to : 61 int . rent-a-cop car 61 Ryan be more frenzied than jessica . ryan ( to himself ) goddamn it , listen to she ! she do not know !! 62 int . attic / ext . safehouse 62 ricky back up to retrieve a high rebound . jessica watch in horror as hodge begin to slowly draw he gun . jessica no ...no . ' I swear that 's all I know ! greer give a sigh of disbelief -- 45 . 62 62 greek thre -- jessica okay ! ... okay ... ( break down ) lax Airport ! there 's a bar call Left field . that 's where we meet . we be in college on we way to mardi-gras . CUT to : 63 int . rent-a-cop car 63 Ryan 's completely floor by jessica 's admission . she know all along ? 64 int . attic - continuous 64 jessica please God , I swear that 's the truth . do not kill my son ! greer ( look impressed ) most people do not get past two . greer signal , and : .- &gt ; ext . safehouse - day 65 hodge tuck he gun away ... just as ricky turn around . the kid startles that hodge be so close . hodge okay , kid . let 's go . 66 int . attic - continuous 66 jessica watch as she son be lead away to the guest house across the yard . once he 's inside and out of view , jessica collapse in a heap on the floor . greer be about to exit the attic -- when jessica speak . jessica you will not get away with this . when I do not show up at the hospital , someone must have call the police -- greer the police be the last people on earth I be worried about ... greer pull a Police scanner out of he jacket and show it to jessica . match CUT to : 46 . ^7 ryan - sitting in the rent-a-cop car 67 listen to the call with every fiber of he be . greer ( vo ) we get one hit on the scanner about you , we will be pick out family plot , comprende ? suddenly , a hummer , with the bass thumping at ear- shatter decibel , pull alongside Ryan 's car . dmx . rap tune " some niggas that you don't wanna try , ( my niggas ) some niggas just about do or die ( my niggas ) ... " CUT to : 68 the attic 68 jessica hear it first . the pump cacophony come from the phone behind the beam . it 's subtle at first , but grow increasingly louder . she close she eye , praying greer will not hear it -- but greer do hear it . on the verge of leave the room , greer stop . cock a ear . instantly , jessica try to cover it with she own voice . jessica do you honestly expect I to believe we be go to walk away from this alive ? but greer be not listen to she . he stride back into the room , listen to the noise under she voice . greer ( to jessica ) shut up . 69 ryan - in the rent-a-cop car 69 oblivious of jessica desperately try to clue he in . jessica ( vo ) how can I shut up ? you threaten to kill my child and you expect I to act like a mute ?! if this -- suddenly , it hit Ryan like a punch to the face . and he scramble , try to cover the phone . ryan oh shit ! where 's mute ?! ~*0 int . attic - continuous 70 essica ... you child , then -- 47 . 70 70 blamm !! -- greer shoot a hole in the wall next to jessica 's head . afraid , she shut she mouth ... and pray . but at exactly the same moment -- 71 int . rent a cop car - continuous 71 Ryan find the mute button . press it and -- 72 int . attic - continuous 72 greer listen intently ... and hear nothing but silence in the still attic . soon , he turn to leave . only when he 's go do jessica 's heart start beat again . CUT to : 73 int . rent a cop car 73 the hummer finally pull away . rap tune " ( my niggas ) if they could ( my niggas ) they would ( my niggas ) ... as the thumping bass subside , Ryan sigh with relief . CUT to : x - &gt ; 1 int . kidnapper ' safehouse - hallway outside attic 74 deason and Ellis wait for greer , who enter , pull off he mask . ellis well ? greer the Left field sport bar at lax . ellis be you positive ? greer ignore he . then turn to deason . greer tell hodge we move in ten . deason nod and move off . CUT back to : 75 int . attic 75 jessica lie on the floor , sobbing into she knee . Soft as a insect 's buzz , we can hear Ryan call to she on the break phone . 48 . 75 75 ryan ( vo ) jessica ...? answer I , goddamn it I soon , he voice pierce the suffocating gloom around she and she crawl desperately over to it . match CUT to : 76 int . rent-a-cop car - idling at the curb 76 Ryan 's freaking out . jessica ( vo ) I be here . ryan you all right ?! I think they -- jessica ( vo ) I be okay . ryan what be you do ? why would you lie to they ? 77 intercut phone call - ryan in rent-a-cop car / jessica in attic77 jessica ( welling up with tear ) do you think I like gambling with my son 's life ? ryan I can not tell . you seem pretty good at it -- jessica do not you see , Ryan ? once they get Craig , we be all gonna die . ryan you can not know that for sure . jessica be realistic . do let we live benefit they in any way ? no ! the only chance he 's get be if you can get to the airport and find he before they do . ryan wait , wait --! jessica Ryan , please ! there 's no time ! just get to the airport -- ryan it 's suicide . they will kill I ! 49 . 77 77 J ... jessica they will not ! you be invisible to they ! they do not know who you be . they do not know anything about you . please ! you have get to try ! ryan Lady , I have jack two car , be accuse of be a child molester , obliterate a car dealership , and bust three cap in a Verizon store . -- do not tell I I be not try ! jessica try another tack . jessica look , I have no right to ask you this Ryan , but you be my family 's only chance ... and I be ask . something in the way she say that last sentence , a mixture of strength and vulnerability , get through to Ryan . and against he own will , he 's sway . ryan ( give in ) I will get the phone to you husband , but that 's gotta be it , okay ?! '' * Ryan , head toward the airport , floor the gas . CUT to : 78 ext . brentwood neighborhood - day 78 a patrol car prowl down a quaint residential block . come to a stop in the driveway of what we know to be jessica Martin 's house . Mooney get out . knock . the door open , revealing the attractive young woman from before . mooney Ms. Martin ? attractive woman yes ? mooney jessica kate Martin ? the woman nod . Mooney be plainly disillusion by the woman . maybe he hunch be wrong ... attractive woman cam I help you , Officer ...? she scan Mooney 's badge . 50 . 78 78 mooney Mooney . ( shake he head ) no . no , I guess not . must have be a prank . I m sorry to have b9here you , Ms. Martin . have a nice day . the woman smile and nod , and Mooney walk off . when he get to he car , he crumple the paper with jessica 's name and address , and shake he head , chuckle at himself . as Mooney drive off -- the attractive woman walk back into the house and flip open she cellphone . when she finish dial , a familiar deep male voice answer . deep male voice ( vo ) hello ? attractive woman it 's bayback . remember the fusco brother ? silence . attractive woman ( cont 'd ) well , I have get a itch that need scatching . match CUT to : 79 int . a room - day 79 ecu - the man on the other end of the call too close to make out who it be just yet -- deep male voice what 's the problem ? attractive woman ( vo ) we be in the middle of a shit storm , and I need you to put a leash put on a officer . deep male voice who ? attractive woman ( vo ) a Officer Mooney from you division . know he ? now , we start pulling back , revealing the man 's feature . deep male voice Mooney ? he 's a desk sergeant . what would you want with he ? 51 . 79 79 attractive woman ( vo ) I have to do a B &amp ; E and he come snooping around the house look for the owner . deep male voice and what do you say ? attractive woman ( vo ) that I be she , of course . continue pulling back . we can almost recognize he now ... deep male voice do he believe you ? attractive woman ( vo ) I think so . he say he think someone be pull a prank on he . deep male voice Mooney do a investigation ? what 's be you really up to ? the man swivel around in he chair and we see clearly it 's -- detective tomlin and no bullshit . right now you be entire department 's hot , so if I be gonna get in the tub , I have get to know how deep it be . CUT to : 80 int . rent-a-cop car - burning down sepulveda boulevard 80 Ryan drive like madman toward the airport , blow through light . jessica be frantic . jessica ( vo ) where be you now ?! ryan I will be at the airport in twenty minu -- jessica ( vo ) twenty minute ! oh my God , Ryan , you have get to drive faster ! please -- ryan ( snap ) jessica , this car have a sewing machine for a engine ! I can not go any faster ! jessica sorry . I just ... 52 . SI intercut phone call - ryan in rent-a-cop car / jessica in attic 1 jessica 's voice trail off as she catch a glimp se of herself in a old mirror stand in the corner . bruise . clothes tear . stare at she own crack reflect ion , she break down , but silently this time , lock in he be own personal hell . for Ryan , the silence be deafen . despite he frantic drive , he feel she pain . and hate be unable to help . ryan jessica ... ? there 's a emotional beat , then -- jessica do you think God will forgive I ? ryan what do you mean --? jessica for what I have do ... for give up Craig ... Ryan be move by the emotion in she voice . ryan jessica , they have you kid . you have no choice . jessica I do not know . I do not know ... ryan 1 know . I hear what they be do to you over there . you hold out for as long as you could . jessica ( grim beat ) my son and I be go to die here , Ryan . they already have we . but maybe I could have save Craig ... the truth of this have a profound effect on Ryan . and just when jessica be about to lose herself to despair -- Ryan find a resolve within himself even he do not know he have . ryan jessica , listen to I . I promise you , I be not go to let that happen . I could care less about you money . I be risk my life cause I know I be gonna get you and you family out of this . you hear what I be sayin ' ? 53. 81 81 there be a moment between they , two people connect on a human level ... but the moment be suddenly cut short as a staticky voice start bleed into they phone call -- some british asshole have he own phone call . british asshole ( vo ) -- yeah , the show just buy I a cadillac xlr convertible . no , you can not ride in it . not until you do something with that road kill you call hair . and what 's with you makeup ? kabuki theatre be not in style -- ryan ( interrupt ) jessica ? be you still there ? british asshole ( vo ) hey , hey ?! this be a private call ! jessica 's voice start fade as the crosstalk get worse . jessica ( vo ) ( wash in static ) I be ..ere , but y... reaking up ! british asshole ( vo ) get off my line ! be you there ? Mom ? I ryan listen dude , this woman 's in serious -- british asshole ( vo ) -- that 's not my problem , lady . Lady ?! suddenly , static start drown out Ryan 's side of the call . ryan ( yell over the static ) jessica , do not hang up ! you hear I ?! whatever happen -- british asshole ( vo ) look woman , tell you kidnap story to someone who give a shit . Ryan can not hear jessica 's side of the conversation ; only the british asshole 's , which come in loud and clear . ryan jessica ?! jessica ?! as Ryan go mental , a car pass he on the opp9site side of the road -- a new cadillac xlr convertible ! Inside be a appropriately asshole- ish look guy . he could only be the british asshole . , 54 . 81 81 ryan ( cont 'd ) gotcha . Ryan pull a harrowing 180 degree turn , barely miss a oncoming car by inch . he race up to the cadillac , which have a vanity plate that read , " idol mkr . " Ryan look through the window at -- CUT to : 82 int . cadillac xlr convertible 82 the driver , who in a typical LA celebrity sighting , turn out to be none other than simon cowell , host of american idol . Simon continue he spittle - spraying rant -- at no one . it appear he 's use the car 's speakerphone . CUT back to : 83 int . / ext . rent-a-cop car - burning down sepulveda blvd . 83 Ryan eye Simon 's mouth while hearing : simon cowell ( vo ) ( over Ryan 's cellphone ) murdered you housekeeper ? do not bullshit I ; I work in the Industry that invent it you stupid cow ! Ryan see Simon cowell mouth the word " stupid cow " in synch with the conversation . bingo ! Ryan floor the rent-a- cop car ahead of the cadillac and pull a 90 degree turn at a intersection ; cut cowell off ! screeeech ! cowell , try to avoid a collision , slam on the brake , cause the cadillac to skid twenty foot . Ryan jump out of the rent -a- cop car he 's leave in the middle or the intersection and run over to the cadillac , bang on the window with the .38 special . cowell practically jump out of he skin at the sight of the gun and the kid with the crazy look in he eye . simon cowell ( cont 'd ) bloody hell !! ryan give I that phone ... or I shoot you car ! cowell be prepare to comply -- but suddenly behind they -- sfx : honk -honk !! 55 . 83 83 -- Ryan notice a 10 - ton semi head straight for the rent-a - cop car too late . the driver slam he brake , but -- kabllaaaammm ! 84 the rent-a-cop car 84 explode into tiny piece of junk as the semi plough through it ! flaming debris rain down around Ryan , and he cover he mouth , unable to believe he shitty luck . ryan ai not that a bitch ! Ryan turn back to Simon cowell . ryan ( cont 'd ) out of the car ! now ! cowell all but dive out . ryan ( cont 'd ) where 's you phone ?! simon cowell it 's on speaker ! Ryan turn to the car . call out . ryan jessica ? jessica ( vo ) Ryan ?! I be here ! her voice say she can not believe she ear . relieved , Ryan jump in the cadillac xlr and toss he phone on the passenger seat , next to a laptop computer . gun the engine and stomp the gas . as he pass the ruin of he rent -a- cop car , he slow just enough to open the cadillac 's door and snatch up he bag of Verizon goody lay on the pavement -- then peel away . practically froth at the mouth , Simon cowell chase after on foot , cursing as he beautiful new cadillac disappear in the distance -- simon cowell you career 's over ! you hear I ?! over ! 85 int . cadillac xlr 85 as jessica 's voice resound around he , he notice the phone 's control through the radio . he turn it up . jessica ( vo ) ( still shake ) I think they ... I think I be -- 56 . 85 85 ryan you be okay . it 's okay now . dissolve to : 86 ext . airport terminal - establishing 86 along with the million other car , find the cadillac thread its way up to the main terminal . 87 int . cadillac xlr - airport 87 Ryan try to avoid eye contact with the traffic cop assist the flow of car . ryan ( into phone ) I be here ... oh shit ! screeeech ! Ryan step on the brake , see something ahead . whip pan around to see what Ryan 's stare at . just ahead , jessica's escalade be pull up to the curb . jessica ( vo ) what ? ryan you car 's here . Ryan pull along side the red curb and watch as four tough - look man exit the vehicle . we recognize they as greer , deason , Ellis and hodge . jessica ( vo ) hurry , Ryan ! just find Craig ! Ryan hop out -- but stop when the car call out to he . jessica ( cont 'd ) wait , Ryan ! what about I --?! Ryan search the car and find the handset in the armrest . as he grab it and race after greer into the airport , a traffic cop come up to the car . traffic cop hey , you can't park here !! but it 's too late . Ryan 's already go . 88 int . lax airport - continuous 88 greer and he man stride through the airport like shark hone in on bleed prey . soon , the kidnapper break up into two group : greer and Ellis head for the departure gate ; deason and hodge go the other way towards the information kiosk . ^ Ryan head toward the -- 57 . r9 int . security checkpoint - lax 89 greer , who wait in the line of passengers wait to pass through airport 's metal detector . this be Ryan 's chance . he cut through the line . ryan oops . Excuse I . pardon I . my grandmother need she walker ... soon , he make he way to the front , right behind greer and bump into he . as he do , notice -- ecu of Ryan slyly slip the rent -a- cop 's tiny .38 special into greer 's heavy motorcycle jacket . greer turn , glaring -- but no one 's there . greer look around , and there 's a heart -stopp moment that we be afraid he 's go to notice Ryan , who now stand innocently the next line over -- -- but greer 's eye pass right over he as he scan the crowd . Ryan breathes a sigh of relief as greer finally turn away to walk through the metal detector and ... sfx : bzzzzzzztth ... set off the alarm . detector operator Excuse I , sir . would you mind empty you pocket over here ? confused , greer do . he lay he wallet on the table , then he key ... then look baffle as he pull out -- the gun 1 detector operator ( cont 'd ) code red ! code red ! the response she get be stun . security guard jump out of the woodwork with gun draw . alarm go off . security gate start come down . traveler start scream and panicking ! security guard get down ! get on the ground !! ellis ( reach for something ) wait , this be a mistake -- tense guard hand / hand !! as one , the entire security force pounce on greer and Ellis , tackling they to the ground and immobilizing they limb . 58 . 89 89 and while that chaos be go on , Ryan slowly back through to the metal detector ... and start run for Left field . match CUT to : 90 int . lax airport - metal detector - continuous 90 greer and ellis be crush under the dogpile of security . behind they , a door slam open and a formation of national guardsmen race on -scene , show just how seriously security be take in the wake of Sept. 11th . CUT to : 91 int . concourse - lax 91 Ryan jog down the concourse when -- public address system attention traveler . due to a security problem , all person be require to clear the terminal and return immediately to the security checkpoint at the entrance to concourse B ... at once , everyone begin filing out of the terminal . Ryan look like a salmon swim upstream , the only figure move against the tide of people rush to get out . jessica ( vo ) " Left field " be in Terminal C . ryan listen to I ! they be clear the terminal . before you husband pass I , what do he look like ? jessica ( vo ) he 's thirty - eight . six foot . trim build . thin hair ... ryan ( scan the passenger ) that 's not enough ! what 's he wear ? jessica ( vo ) I do not know ! we have completely different schedule . I be fast aslee p -- ( think it through ) -- a suit ... he wear glass , thick rim , like buddy Holly or -- bingo ! the buddy Holly glass be what do it . Ryan see a man in the distance hurry in he direction -- craig . ryan found he ! 59 . 91 91 and just as Ryan bee-line it towards Craig -- voice ( os ) Excuse I , sir -- Ryan turn and find a national guardsman right behind he . national guardsman you can not be here now . you have to leave the area . ryan but -- national guardsman now , sir . and as Ryan be march away he see -- CUT to : 92 greer and ellis 92 knee in they neck . hand cover they face . greer -- if you would just listen to I ! I can explain ! someone reach into my coat pocket ! goddamn it , reach into my pocket ! *' V a young guardsman do -- and in a big reveal , we see that he withdraws a badge . a Los Angeles policeman 's badge ... Ryan 's jaw drop . he can not believe it -- they be cop ?! young guardsman hey , this one 's on the job . ryan Holy shit , jessica , this guy be cop ! jessica ( vo ) what ?! the guardsman 's superior officer examine it . be it real ? superior officer run it . ( the guardsman run off ; turn back to greer ) be that you gun ? greer ( hesitates ) -- yes . yes . it 's my piece . superior officer well , you be suppose to declare it . 60 . 92 92 greek I know . we just get focus on a rabbit we be here to nab . just then , the Young guardsman return . young guardsman he 's clean . badge match he i.d . superior officer ( grumble ) unhook them . stand down security . match CUT to : 93 int . lax airport - concourse - day 93 Ryan look relieved when the airport 's alarm shut off . _ the p.a. system cheerily thanks everyone for they cooperation and , all around , security gate begin to rise . ryan ( notice ; to Guard ) hey , can I go now ? can I go ?! the Guard nod , and Ryan take off like a shot , racing back towards the bar . Ryan spot Craig Martin outside the Left field sport bar . Ryan grab he by the elbow and start hustling he through the concourse . craig hey , what the hell ?! get you hand off m--!! ryan shut up and keep walk . if they see we they will kill we both . craig what --? ryan you wife send I . craig she do ? but how --? ryan would you hurry you ass ?! you need to hide . they be here , and they be look for you . they already have you family . Craig look at he , grow terrify . ryan ( cont 'd ) in here ! 61 . 93 93 Ryan pull Craig into the mens restroom . CUT to : 94 int . lax restroom 94 craig I do not understand -- ryan it 's okay . she will explain it to you . ( into phone ) okay , jessica , I be hand you over now . CUT to : 95 intercut call - jessica in attic / ryan in lax mens room 95 relief can be trace on jessica 's face . jessica ( welling up ) Ryan , you have do so much . I do not know how to repay you ... a awkward , emotional pause fall between they . ryan forget about the cash . just get you and y9ur son home safely and we will call it even . jessica I will . I promise . ryan ( vo ) I know you will . ryan hand the cellphone over to Craig . ryan ( cont 'd ) I be gonna be outside this door . do not come out unless I get you . get it ? craig ( confuse ) okay . Ryan walk out the restroom door as Craig put the phone to he ear . he sigh with relief -- it 's finally over . CUT to : 96 int . lax airport - concourse - continuous 96 greer and ellis stride toward the bar . 62 . 96 96 ellis ( sotto voce ) Nice move . what the hell you bring a gun for ? greek I do not . ellis ( sounding nervous ) what do you mean ? greer just keep you eye open ! something weird be go on . greer stare dagger at everyone he pass . Ellis io9k around before glance down at a photo copy of a California driver 's license . CUT back to : 97 int . lax airport - outside men' room - day 97 try to act inconspicuous , Ryan guard the entrance to the Men 's room . he 's start to check out a magazine rack at a adjacent concession stand when he hear : craig hey , ryan ? ryan ! Ryan turn . rack focus past Ryan to Craig stand fifty foot back , hold the phone out . craig ( cont 'd ) this be not my wife . ecu on ryan's face as it sink in . disbelief . anger. dread . craig ( cont 'd ) my wife 's name be Patty . I be not Craig . I be Paul . Paul boyd . in utter disbelief , Ryan turn back toward the gate -- and see greer , Ellis , hodge and deason , cornere another man . tall. lean . thin hair . and wear buddy Holly glass . the real craig martin . ryan shit ! match CUT to : 8 int . lax airport - concourse - continuous 98 greer seize Craig by the arm . 63. 98 98 greek make a scene and you will never see you family again . now who 's here with you ? Craig 's eye swell with fear . craig who , what ?... no one ! nobody ! greer answer I ! greer look around the crowded airport . craig I will forget I see anything , just leave they alone ! whatever . greer manhandle Craig toward the exit . greer for you family 's sake , you better not have do anything stupid . ryan snatch the phone from the bogus Craig Martin -- and haul ass through a sea of traveler , try to catch up to -- greer and ellis " x who scan the crowd bull they way through throng of people , lead Craig Martin between they . but ryan have more difficulty . get stall and swept away in the crowd long enough for the kidnapper to make it outside -- 99 int . escalade - loading zone - continuous 99 to they car . Craig be force into the escalade between greer and Ellis . craig you goddamn animal better not have hu rt -- greer surprise he with a vicious elbow to the face . greer animal ? Ellis whip a burlap hood over Craig 's head and they drive off just as -- CUT to : 64 . 65 . 102 102 marilyn yes . he say you look distract when you leave . he want you to relax , Bob . he say they find that kid you be look for and that you be right , it be all a prank . nothing to worry about . mooney yeah , I know . she pull he back down for another kiss . marilyn what be I gonna do with you ? mooney you be gonna dance with I all night long , until we be too poope to pop ... well almost . a giggle . they kiss . marilyn you will never change . mooney yes I will , after I shower . they both share a laugh . marilyn lame ass . come on . she push herself down the hallway and he follow . CUT to : 103 int . jessica's escalade 103 as it pull off the road onto the driveway of the kidnapper safe house and park . Craig still wear the hood as greer exit the car . greer get out ! as Craig reach blindly for a door handle , Ellis open the door and shove he out onto the driveway . greer yank he up by he collar . greer ( cont 'd ) get up ! walk ! with gun at he back , Craig be drag inside the house . 104 int . attic 104 p the darkness be oppressive . Craig be push inside and pull the hood off . 66 . 104 104 craig goddamn it , what the hell be you people go to -- jessica ( os ) Craig ? Craig stop dead , hearing the voice . scan the cobweb-filled room , see nothing -- then from the depth of the shadow , jessica materialize look haunt and lifeless as a ghost . craig jessica ? jessica race for the safety of Craig 's arm , but just as she 's about to be embrace , greer step forward and yank jessica back by she hair . she squeal in pain . craig ( cont 'd ) hey --/ / Craig move to object , but -- oof ! -- deason send he gasp to the floor with a sledgehammer fist to the gut . jessica no , do not hurt he ! jessica struggle and , with a annoyed shove , greer send she spilling into Craig . she hug tightly against he . when Craig get he wind back , he come to he knee and manage to croak out -- craig ricky ...? jessica nod gravely . he 's here , too . Craig look at he wife 's face , bruise and hurt , and tear rise in he eye . craig ( cont 'd ) oh , God , jess ... what have they do to you ? but jessica will not let this moment be about pity . jessica who be they , Craig ? Craig do not know what to say . jessica ( cont 'd ) tell they , Craig . tell they they have the wrong family . tell they they have make a mistake -- but something in he eye disagree . jessica ( cont 'd ) what ?! what be it ? 67 . 104 104 .u craig this be not a mistake , jess . and that 's all it take for jessica 's world to shatter . greek emerge from the shadow , startling they , and backhand Craig 's jaw with the butt of he gun . greek where be the disc now ? blood trickle from the corner of Craig 's mouth . craig you have to promise . if I give it to you ... you will let my family go . greer I will tell you what , you tell I where it be -- ( turn he gun on jessica ) -- and I will not blow she brain all over you right now . greer trace the barrel of the gun down jessica 's cheek . Craig look utterly helpless . greek ( cont 'd ) you call Craig . it 's a eighty - five ''cent bullet to I . . " .* . greer lower the gun to she neckline ( pull she shirt lower ... she plead " no " at Craig with she eye , but he finally break . craig okay . enough , you win . but if anything - greer ( training gun on Craig ) just shut up and talk . match CUT to : 105 ext . surface street - day 105 Ryan ride back into the city in a cab . he listen some more , then cover the phone 's mouthpiece and tap the cabbie on the shoulder . craig ( v.o. ) I drop it down the mail chute at work . it 's gotta be in the mailroom . jessica ( vo ) ( for Ryan 's benefit , weakly ) you hide it downtown ? 68 . 105 105 ryan Change of plan . I need to get to downtown fast . match back to : 106 int . attic 106 greer pull Craig to he foot . greek get up . we be go . craig how will I know she 's okay ? hodge ( shove he ) move ! when he get near the door , jessica be overcome with emotion and race to she husband . jessica wait ! wait !! she brushes past hodge and hug on tight to she husband , tear flow from she eye . v hodge go to pull they apart , but greer stop he . he know this be go to be they last time together . craig I love you . Craig squeeze the good year of they marriage into a strong , loving embrace . jessica hug he closer . leans into he ear to seemingly whisper she love in return -- but what she actually whisper take Craig by surprise . jessica ( quickly ; sotto voce ) pretend I be tell you that I love you . there 's a open phone line in here . you will have help at the office , but if you give this man what they want , we be dead . jessica kiss she husband on the lip and withdraw , leave Craig with a utterly confuse expression on he face . but before he look can betray he -- greer let 's go . -- greer and hodge move forward , ushere Craig out of the room . when the door lock behind they , jessica once again rush to the phone . 69 . 106 106 jessica Ryan ?! they be go to fegan Securities , 4th and figuroa . match CUT to : 107 ext . 10 freeway - day 107 Ryan , in the cab , weave through car . ryan ( into phone ) I be already on my -- suddenly , the cab round a bend -- and grind to a halt from back up traffic ! ryan ( cont 'd ) you have gotta be kid I ! ( to cabbie ) can not you back it up ? the cabbie try , but be hopelessly lock in by car pull up behind he . shrug . about a hundred yard up the road , Ryan see the 4th Street / figuroa exit . he 's so close ... ryan ( cont 'd ) aw , screw this ! Ryan throw some bill at the driver , hop out the passenger side and start running . 108 ext . surface street - day 108 a short time later , Ryan ( drench in sweat , see Craig 's office building in the distance -- 109 ext . fegan security , inc . build - establishing 109 with a all cement exterior ( and few window ) , it 's a cellphone user 's nightmare . 110 ext . surface street - day 110 as Ryan huff and puff toward the building , he see a bike messenger bullshit with a hot dog vendor . Ryan stop and stare at the package pouch on the seat and a flashy red bike helmet hang on the handlebar . the helmet be futuristic , like something the flash might wear . Ryan eye the Messenger , grab the bike , hop on and pedal for dear life toward Craig 's building with the Messenger hot on he heel . 111 ext . fegan security , inc . build 111 as Ryan arrive at the building , the escalade pull up in front of he and greer , hodge and Ellis file into the building . 70 . Ill 111 Ryan skid to a stop . eye the carry pouch ... *12 int . fegan security , inc . - lobby - day 112 Ryan , carry the carry pouch and bike helmet , enter the lobby . greer and the other disappear into a elevator . n9w inside , static start play hell with they connection . Fine in some area , terrible in other . jessica ( v.o. ) wait , we -- ( bzzt ! ) - - have to think ! what -- ( bzzt ! ) - - be we go to do ? ryan I have a idea ... Ryan fight he way through the tourist to the elevator bay . quickly scan the directory . among the long list of cpas , there 's a mailroom on the 3rd floor . CUT to : 113 int . mooney' bedroom - day 113 Mooney ( look damn awkward in a suit and tie ) , lie on the bed , watch the news . in the background , Marilyn can be see in the master bathroom , sit before the vanity mirror in she wheelchair . she put on makeup . marilyn in five minute , I will need you to give I a hand . mooney whenever you be ready , hon . still wear he holster , he shift uncomfortably on the bed as he watch the news . news anchor ... and authority be now ask you help in identify this man -- Mooney jolt upright as they display a fuzzy photo of ryan from the Verizon surveillance camera . news anchor ( cont 'd ) -- believe to be responsible for today 's bizarre string of crime , most notably the theft of a $ 80,000 cadillac at gunpoint . mooney what ..? Mooney watch as they continue to detail Ryan 's " wild crime spree " , but get the bigger picture , realize that every event -- the Verizon store ; search for the Martin kid ; 71 . 113 113 steal the cadillac -- center around the cellphone call Ryan try to tell he about this morning . detective gear turn , Mooney reach for the phone on the bedside table . dial 411 . operator thank you for use pacbell . this be Claire , how may I help you ? mooney I need the phone number for a residence . jessica Martin in brentwood . operator that number be ( 310 ) 555-8364 . for a extra seventy five cent - Mooney hang up , dial the number . the phone ring and ring . eventually , a answer machine pick up . jessica's voice ( vo ) hi , you have reach the hom e of Craig and jessica Martin . we can not get to the phone right now , but if you leave you name and a message -- Mooney listen intently -- and be troubled . mooney ( to a oblivious Marilyn ) the woman at the house do not have a accent . Marilyn smile , realize he 's really talk to himself . Mooney hang up , thought racing . he reach behind he , and without look he grab he wallet and key . he then walk over to Marilyn and kiss the top of she head . she know he , and know something 's up . mooney ( cont 'd ) I be sorry honey ( but I have to check on something real quick . marilyn you have get to be kid - mooney delay the reservation if you have to ; I will be back in twenty minute . and Mooney 's go ... marilyn twenty minute my foot . CUT to : 72 . u4 int . elevator - day 114 a few secretary get out on the second floor . alone with the other , greer eye the mysterious .38 special . greer ( be : .38 special ) keep you eye open . CUT to : 115 int . fegan security , inc . - third floor - day 115 dripping with sweat , Ryan shamble out of the stairwell , the bike helmet now strapped to he head and the pouch over he shoulder -- just as the elevator arrive behind he ! as greer , hodge and Craig get out , Ryan turn and search for the mailroom that 's suppose to be here ! where the hell be -- ah I he find it and hustle into -- 116 int . mailroom - continuous 116 a wide counter separate Ryan and a few business men and women from the mail clerk that busily work the other side . Ryan lean against the wall , pretend to be a ordinary bike messenger wait for a package as Craig and the dirty cop enter , brush right past he . Craig scan the face of the other patron as they enter , desperately try to figure out who be he secret ally . he ignore Ryan completely , whose face be mostly hide by the tinted plastic visor attach to the helmet . Craig notice a aging security guard station in the area , but know better than to make any wave . mailroom supervisor ( recognize Craig ) anything I can help you with Mr. Martin ? craig hey , benny . this might sound ridiculous , but I drop a dvd mailer into the chute this morning and I forget to put down a address . mailroom supervisor happens all the time . let I see what 's back there . gimme a sec ' . the supervisor disappear into the back room . greer and hodge take a seat only a few foot away from Ryan . the moment be uncomfortable ... and get infinitely worse as -- 73. 116 116 mail clerk , Excuse I , sir ? sir? Sir ? Ryan turn , realize with horror that another mail clerk be speak to he . ryan I ? mail clerk you wait for a package ? now everyone 's look at Ryan . include greer . ryan ( face away ) sure , uh ... I be suppose to pick something up for Mr. Fountain over at the bonaventure . mail clerk from what department ? ryan I be not sure ... they say it be a contract , though , I know that , so what would that be , legal ? mail clerk what 's the tracking number ? ryan ( patting himself down ) uh ... right . track number . it 's look grim . thankfully , the supervisor reappear . mailroom supervisor Mr. Martin ? I find a number of thing that could be what you be look for . mind come back to take a look ? hodge shoot Craig a look , " go " . craig sure . the supervisor lead hodge and Craig away to the back room . unfortunately , greer stay behind . ryan ( patting himself ) I might ... maybe it 's on the clipboard on my bike ? Ryan watch greer out of the corner of he eye as hodge and Craig disappear inside the vault . 74 . 116 116 ryan ( cont 'd ) I , uh , may need to call somebody . CUT to : 117 int . mailroom - back room 117 there 's a entire shelf that serve as a dead letter office . one plastic bin be fill with reusable interoffice envelope , another bin be overflow with small mailer , computer disk , unlabel video tape , etc ... mailroom supervisor help yourself . hodge cautiously watch Craig shuffle through the mailer , open two or three before find -- he turn one upside down -- and a dvd case slide out ! a quick glance at the label , " adt digital surveillance ' . 5/19/05 06:00 - 07:00 " confirm it 's the disc . craig this be it . hodge seem uncomfortable with the supervisor hover over he shoulder . hodge let 's go . back to : 118 int . mailroom - continuous 118 Ryan now sit by the window , cellphone press to he ear . feign frustration . ryan you believe this ? everyone 's get they head up they ass over there . the mail clerk ignore he almost as much as greer want to . greer open he cellphone to make a call , but when the signal be no good , he wander outside the mailroom toward the window at the end of the hall . mail clerk ( impatiently ) Sir ? you think you could just go outside and get you clipboard ? just then , hodge and Craig come march out of the vault . mail clerk ( cont 'd ) Sir ? Ryan glance at greer , momentarily distract on the phone . at hodge , almost out of the bank . as he and Craig near the door -- 75 . 118 118 a moment where Craig finally lock eye with Ryan -- and suddenly realize : this be the guy ! it 's now or never . Ryan have to do something . mail clerk ( cont 'd ) Sir !? ryan ( to clerk ) screw the package . Ryan stand and , unable to find anything better , snatch a metal hand truck sit by the door , and as hodge walk by -- mail clerk what be you do --?! -- swing it full - force into hodge ' face -- whamm !! hodge drop like a slaughterhouse cow . instantly , employee hit the ground ; scream ; run for they life . Craig dive for the dvd case . the Security Guard have come to life ; draw down on they . security guard freeze ! Craig do . but Ryan grab he and move , racing out of the bank . ' -  / " ryan come on , let' go ! 119 int . hallway - outside mailroom - continuous 119 at the end of the hall , greer see Craig and Ryan run out of the mailroom . drop he phone , draw he gun -- security guard ( os ) freeze !! -- just as the Guard come run out . his gun be fix on Ryan , but now that he see greer with a piece , he train he gun on he instead . security guard ( cont 'd ) drop you weapon ! Ryan and Craig be strike in the middle of the crossfire . greer ( flash he badge ) l.a.p.d .! i'm a cop ! security guard drop it now !! the instant Ryan and Craig try to escape into a nearby stairwell -- greer turn he gun on the security guard -- bang ! bang ! 76 . 119 119 - the Security Guard drop and greer aim he weapon at Craig again ! bang ! -- greer fire . Craig , shot in the back , slam against Ryan with the impact . they fall half - in / half - out of the stairwell . Craig weakly shove the dvd into Ryan 's hand . craig ..run ... but Ryan be overwhelm . his leg feel like a thousand pound of jelly . craig ( cont 'd ) ..ruuuuuuunnnnnn !! as Craig slump to the ground , Ryan stare in shock -- but when greer start send a hail of bullet toward they , he dive into : 120 int . stairwell - day 120 he start fly down the stair ... but when he see four build security guard racing up from below -- ryan damn ! -- he turn around and start running up instead . 121 int . mailroom - day 121 hodge get to he foot . stumble out , hold he gush , break nose . yell at greer , who 's racing into the stairwell . hodge the kid !! greer no shit . 122 int . stairwell - day 122 with the Guards and greer only a floor behind , Ryan think fast and chuck he bike helmet down the corridor , elbow the in-case - of - emergency Glass , set off the FIRE alarm -- and start run up . second later , when they reach that level , one of the Guards see Ryan 's helmet and the break glass lead away . guard ( racing down the hall ) this way ! the other Guards follow ... but greer be not convinced . on a hunch , he turn and continue run up also . peek over the edge from the floor above -- 77 . 122 122 ryan see greer and hodge come . Big -ass gun out and ready . shit . ' the alarm bell scream . people start fill the stairwell on every floor . force he body to its very limit , Ryan bolt up the stair until he see the roof exit on the next floor up . he shove open the nearest door and continue run up to the roof . he slip out and silently close the door behind he just as -- 123 int . stairwell - day 123 greer and hodge reach the floor beneath . see the door swinging shut -- but neither fall for the bait . they run up toward the - 124 ext . roof - day 124 Ryan 's eye scan the rooftop . construction be in progress up here ; tarpaper . huge roll of tarpaper lie about , palattes hold supplies cover with tarp , a industrial AIR conditioner ... Ryan quickly shove a 2 " x4 " under the doorknob to jam it . heart pound , he race to the building 's edge and look down . nothing but a straight drop 60 foot down . footstep be approach ! pounding on the door ! Ryan dart behind a tarp - cover mass of supplies just as -- 125 ext . roof - day 125 greer shake the 2 " x 4 " loose . he and hodge explode out onto the roof , look for Ryan . greer encircle the huge air-conditioner while hodge hunt behind a large satellite dish . no Ryan . greer ( to hodge ) here . cop-instinct crackle , greer stand on one side of the tarp - cover stockpile and wait for hodge to secure the other . this be it ; they signal go at each other and spring around -- but Ryan 's nowhere to be find ! greer ( cont 'd ) dammit ! no , wait ! greer turn and see a large aluminum chute that lead from the roof and elbow down toward a dumpster on ground level . 78 . 125 125 greer peer down the chute for long second ... but nothing can be see from this angle . it all fall to blackness . the alarm stop . greer cock he head in the sudden eerie silence . the only sound be incoherent scream come from the stairwell . he eye where the chute empty into the dumpster , think ... reveal -- 126 int . metal chute - continuous 126 ryan , wedge himself against the side of the chute , try to be as still as possible . every slight movement make the aluminum buckle and groan . from he shirt pocket , jessica 's tiny desperate voice plead . jessica ( vo ) Ryan ... ? Ryan , please answer I I but Ryan just sit there . afraid to move . terrify to discuss Craig . 127 ext . roof - continuous 127 greer pick up a large roll of tarpaper and start lug it toward the open mouth of the chute ... .28 int . metal chute - continuous 128 Ryan hold he breath . tremble . his leg threaten to rabbit- foot again . strain to hear greer , it 's impossible not to hear : jessica you have to talk to I ! Ryan , please you have to talk to I --.' the sweat from he hand cause the tiniest slip -- and as he catch himself , there be a soft metallic boooong from the stress metal . unable to ignore she plea any longer , Ryan carefully pull the cellphone from he pocket and press it to he ear . desperate to console she , Ryan -- bang !! the tarpaper roll fly down the chute . Ryan look up to see it angrily launching itself right at he ! he have to let go of the wall to avoid be hit . he press himself to one side but -- wham !! the bloodthirsty roll bashes he wrist -- and he drop simon cowell' cellphone ! 79 . 128 128 Ryan reach out , but the phone go slide down the chute ! CUT to : 129 int . attic 129 jessica hear a loud scraaaape , crash and a wash of static . jessica Ryan ?! oh my GOD , ryan ?! ryan --?! 130 int . kidnapper ' safehouse - live room - same time 130 the hulk deason hear jessica 's panicked voice and stand with a start . as he move toward the attic , he notice a small red light flashing behind the bar . as he pass , he check it out and -- deason what the --?! whip pan down to what deason see : the red light be on one of the house phone . the line-in - use indicator . and it 's light . shake like a bear pissing pineapple , deason rage away toward the attic ... CUT to : 131 int . attic - continuous 131 jessica be curling herself into a tiny sobbing ball on the floor when -- whamm ! -- the attic door crash open . jessica jump . deason loom there . see the phone . deason you stupid bitch ! jessica hurl the phone receiver away . deason ( cont 'd ) who have you told ?! who have you told ?! jessica no , don 't h urt m E -- deason roar up and grab jessica 's neck with one hand . hurl she across the attic and into the old mirror , shatter it in a million piece around she . desperate for anything , jessica palm a tiny shard as she struggle to she foot . a two -inch chip . deason you and you kid be dead ! she lower she arm , defeat , out of breath ... you win . 80 . 131 131 jessica do not hurt I , and I will do anything ... anything .. . there be a promise in what jessica offer that deason respond to . his fist flash toward she throat , make she flinch . but rather than hit she , he wrap he meaty finger around she throat , almost dare she to stop he . jessica tremble , but that be all , and just as deason begin to enjoy he work , jessica jab at he face , but he predict as much and easily move to deflect it -- snickk ! -- she flick she wrist up and slice the underside of he upper arm . deason flinch a little bit , like a bee sting , then laugh as he notice the tiny shard in she hand -- deason ( sarcastic ) oooh . -- but that 's when he hear it . a dripping SOUND . deason look down at he arm and be confuse to see he entire shirt sleeve soaked in blood . it literally pour from he arm onto the floor like a river . deason drain white ; dizzy . he look at jessica , confuse . jessica brachial artery . pump up to 30 liter of blood per minute ... and there 's only five liter in the human body . Three second later , deason crumble ... and jessica leave the attic . back to : 132 int . trash chute - day 132 ryan be still trap . sound of approach siren in the distance . Ryan listen for greer ; be he still there ? bang !! bang !! two more heavy tarpaper roll come right at he ! the first one he get lucky with , but the second nail he before bounce furiously away and Ryan lose he grip completely and slide out of control . 133 ext . roof - day 133 greer watch amaze when Ryan actually tumble out of the ass -end of the metal chute into the dumpster . he drop the next roll of tarpaper ready to go and reach for he gun -- --. - , CUT to : 81 . -434 ext . inside djumpster - continuous 134 ryan be in serious pain . he frantically fish through the refuse to find : simon cowell' cellphone or rather , what 's leave of it : a million shattered piece scattered everywhere . Ryan sift through the plastic debris as if he have secretly hope he could still use it . yeah , right ... he 's barely able to sit up when -- blam !! blam !! blam !! he duck back down as bullet ricochet off the steel dumpster . as siren get louder , closer , Ryan 's get to make he move -- he jump out of the dumpster , landing on he ass on the opposite side of greer . blamm-blamm-blamm !! bullet ricochet off the steel dumpster and Ryan summon he courage -- and take off limping ! 135 ext . roof - continuous 135 blamm-blamm-blamm !! greer 's pistol be ill equip for long - range shoot . the kid 's too far away by now . he grab he walkie -- greer ( into walkie ) the kid 's outside , head toward the front of the building -- hodge - gotta go , boss . the Guard 's dead . hodge wait by the rooftop door , look concerned as cop spill out around he onto the roof . cop who the hell 's shoot up here ? greer point to Ryan bolt around the corner . greer sonofabitch shot the poor bastard right in front of we ! CUT to : 136 int . kidnapper ' safehouse - day 136 jessica race across the dead brown lawn toward the guest house / prison that hold she son . get she first good look 82. 136 136 at the secluded premise she 's on confirm that scream would do no good . she 's on she own . when she reach the guest house , she 's shocked to find a huge lock on the front door . frantic , she make she way around the structure to a big BAY window . though it 's protect by security bar , she can see ricky through the glass . jessica pound on the glass , and ricky turn . when she son see she , he race to the bar . ricky Mom ! jessica baby ! be you okay ?! ricky I can not get out ! jessica look around for something to bend the bar with . there 's nothing . 137 ext . the martin house - late afternoon 137 a gold ford taurus pull up in front . the driver door open and Mooney get out . walk to the front door and knock . but this time , there 's no answer . Mooney ring the bell . still nothing . suspicious , he check around the side ... and see the back door swaying in the wind . 138 int . martin house - kitchen - day 138 Mooney 's cop sense scream as he walk inside . a police scanner chatter in the background . the place be a shamble . someone 's be look for something . he then see - blood streak the floor . it lead from over by the telephone to underneath the pantry door . mooney ( call into house ) hello ? l.a.p.d. anybody home ? no answer . drawing he gun , Mooney stalk carefully into -- 139 int . martin house - the entryway - day 139 a SMALL staircase lead up to the second floor . as Mooney start up the step , boom up to the top to reveal : the imposter jessica martin ( bayback ) hiding in ambush at the top of the stair , gun in hand . she listen to Mooney 's footstep and when she think he 's near the top -- she spring out , blast away down the staircase ! but Mooney 's not there . 83. 139 139 mooney Drop you gun , now . I get you . now we see he . still down in the entryway , behind some cover , gun aim and steady . mooney ( cont 'd ) I say drop it . ' bayback relax -- then whirl around , disappear down the hall ! Mooney curse and quietly jog up the stair , follow she into -- 140 int . shadowy corridor - continuous 140 a narrow hallway with multiple OPEN doorway on each side . the imposter jessica could be hide in any one of they ... take care not to give himself away , Mooney inch down the hallway . and just when he 's think that he may have successfully create a element of surprise for himself -- sfx : squeeeeak -- the floorboard of the old house groan softly -- giving he position away ! instantly bayback swing out from a doorway right next to Mooney , tap she gun to he chest pull the tang -- but Mooney dive out of the way ! blamm-blamm-blamm !! two miss , but the third shot nail he shoulder ! oof ! Mooney land hard . blood spread out under he white dress shirt . he cock he head ... listen for the sound of - bayback eject a magazine and be about to reload -- Mooney jump up , return FIRE -- slamm bayback against the wall with two .38 caliber slug . she collapse to the floor . mooney damn it ! damn it !! angry , the adrenaline drown out the pain , Mooney turn to the kidnapper lay in the hall , bleed out . kick she gun away and kneel . but for the first time , bayback be not tough . just scared . bayback ..a- ambulance ... mooney tell I where jessica Martin be or you bleed to death right here . bayback ..p-please..call .. i.. I be a -- fuck this , Mooney kick she rib . 84 . 140 140 mooney where be she ?! bayback struggle for air , reach for he -- bayback ... I be a cop ... bayback squeeze she eye shut against a wave of pain -- and die . Mooney stare at she . what do she say ? start patting she down . and that 's when he find she badge . l.a.p.d. 23rd precinct . she be a cop . mooney oh shit ... Mooney grit he tooth against a fresh wave of pain and pick up the phone , dial 911 . mooney ( cont 'd ) request emergency back up and medical unit ! officer down at - CUT to : 141 ext . CITY street - day 141  - Ryan wander the street . check he wallet -- a measly four buck . despair overtake he and he almost get crushed as a- tow truck speed by -- a old Hyundai mount it like a hippo ! a lightbulb click on for Ryan . ryan Ho - shit ! Ryan bolt to the nearest bus stop just as a blue line bus pull up . CUT to : 142 ext . kidnapper ' safehouse - day 142 jessica smashes a rear window with a long thick branch and use it to try to pry the bar apart . the limited leverage will not enable she to bend they enough for ricky to squeeze through . ricky faster Mom ! and just then -- sfx : gravel crunching in the driveway jessica lean she head around the back corner of the guesthouse -- and see the escalade pull in ! 85 . 142 142 jessica ( to ricky ) get down ! get down ! and jessica duck out of view just as the -- 143 ext . kidnapper ' safehouse / int . escalade 143 pull into the driveway . greer and he team be go over surveillance photo take from the camera at the fegan Securities Building . the hoto be useless , though , as Ryan 's face be obscure by he E helmet and visor . greer this be the best picture you could get of he ?! ellis he be wear a visor . greer glare at he -- no shit -- and throw the picture . greer useless ! the car park and greer storm out , follow by Ellis and hodge . they head for the house , and the moment they enter -- jessica reappear . but now she 's staring at something . the escalade . jessica ( to son ; through window ) baby , listen to I . I want you to get away from this window . I want you to go to the other side of the room as far away from the door as you can -- ricky no , do not leave I ! do not leave I !! the terror in he voice break jessica 's heart . jessica honey , I be get you out of there ! ricky where be you go ?! jessica I be only gonna be go a second , and then we be gonna go home , but you have to do this first . it 's gonna be loud , but do not be scared , okay ? now go find somewhere safe like I tell you . 86 . 143 143 ricky ned and run off into another room of the house . and as jessica rush for the escalade -- CUT to : 144 ext . jessica's house - late afternoon 144 paramedics apply a bandage to Mooney 's shoulder . Mooney 's pretty shake up . paramedic # 1 you be lucky . shot go clean through . a few inch either way ... Mooney watch other paramedics carry sheet - cover corpse into await ambulance . flashbulb pop from inside . a sedan pull up and Mooney 's relieved to see tomlin get out . detective tomlin what the hell , Moon ? it 's all over the radio . mooney Jack , she do not identify herself . detective tomlin what be you say ? mooney I shot a cop ! ( lowering he voice ) dana bayback . from the 23rd . she be one of the kidnapper . tomlin look stunne by the revelation . detective tomlin let I call the tw9~three . see what the hell 's go on . tomlin pull out a cellphone . mooney I hate to think more cop be involved , but -- detective tomlin do she say anything about the Martin woman ? mooney ... never get the chance . detective tomlin frown . CUT to : 87 . 145 ext . police . impound yard - late afternoon - establishing 145 a gonzolez tow truck drive up ( like the one we see at the airport ) , and stop temporarily beside : Simon cowell , from the cadillac xlr incident , who stand at the window , scream at the jade cashier . his car idle just on the other side of a imposing fence . simon cowell just give I my goddamn car ! jade cashier do not take that tone of voice with I , sir . I have already tell you , we do not release vehicle until all impound fee be pay . in the e.g. , notice Ryan skulking closer , behind the gonzalez auto tow truck . simon cowell but I do not cause it to get impound ! can not you understand that ?! it be steal from I ! jade cashier Sir , do you want the car back or not ? notice cowell stand at the window , Ryan press further into the shadow , not want to be notice . simon cowell yes ! but I be not pay for it ! the cashier signal a grungy yard worker on the other side of the fence . jade cashier nevermind , howie . take 'er back . howie nod , and just as he 's about to drive the cadillac back into the yard -- simon cowell wait , wait ! all right you bloody fascist , I will pay . but if there 's even the slight scratch on it ... howie smile , think so , get out and split . as cowell angrily start make out a check , the cashier flick the switch to open the gate , and as it open -- Ryan slip in . he sneak behind the wheel of the idling cadillac . and the moment cowell hand over he check -- vrrrrooom !! Ryan burn rubber out of there . 88. 145 145 simon cowell ( cont 'd ) hey , that 's my car ! cowell chase it -- and watch in horror as Ryan take a speed bump too fast and tear the rear bumper off the cadillac xlr convertible in a explosion of SPARKS ! simon cowell ( cont 'd ) noooooooo ...!! 146 ext . surface street - late afternoon 146 as he zoom away , Ryan search the passenger seat with he free hand . he hunt through the car and find -- he blue tooth video cell phone ! ryan thank you ! as he flip it open , he eye spot the laptop on the floor of the passenger seat . Ryan think , pull out he security dvd and pop it in . at first , the screen be a mere wash of digital gobbledygook -- and as Ryan grunt with frustration -- --a hi-re quicktime movie suddenly fill the screen : 47 angle on laptop monitor - four way split screen 147 the fagen Securities Building parking lot . a police pursuit in progress . Three Police Cars skillfully box in a BMW with two hispanic youths , force it to come to a dead stop . greer and hodge explode from they car , gun draw . bayback and ellis come from the back . deason appear , and he and hodge yank the teens out of the car , who struggle frantically to avoid vicious baton blow . when one deck hodge and try to run , ellis shoot he in the back ! we quickly pan to another angle : Inside the building , craig get up from he chair , hurry into - we pan down to another angle as Craig enter frame inside the Security Office . and watch live - another angle : greer waste no time in shoot the second man execution style ! 89 . -148 in the cadillac xlr convertible 148 ryan watch in horror . he pull over , too rivete to drive and watch simultaneously . finally understanding the magnitude of this disc . 149 another angle : 149 and as bayback drag a dead hispanic youth out of the frame , leg disappear off - screen in short burst . pan diagonally to another angle : and more terrifying , greer stop pick up shell casing , turn he head ominously toward the camera ! notice we ! greer motion to several other ; deason and bayback , who rush out of frame toward the front entrance . angle one : at the side door , ellis and hodge start kick in the door with full force . angle two : greer , outside , unholster he gun at the delivery entrance . back to : 150 ext . surface street - afternoon 150 ryan glance at the cellphone in he hand -- get a idea ! CUT to : 151 angle one : Ellis and hodge finally kick open the door and 151 rush inside -- angle three : the cop rush inside the building , consult the directory ... angle four : Craig , panicked , reach over to the dvd recorder -- 152 ext . surface street - afternoon 152 the laptop monitor -- all static . the recording have stop . ryan I be so screw . as Ryan speed away from the curb , he finger he cellphone . series of intense shot : 153 int . kidnapper ' safehouse - day 153 -- greer walk up the safehouse stair , step by step near the attic that jessica 's suppose to still be in ... 90 . V 54 ext . kidnapper ' safehouse - day 154 -- jessica quietly open the door of the escalade ( try not to give herself away . she climb in behind the wheel , and say a silent prayer of thanks when she see that the key be still dangle in the ignition . 155 ext . surface street - day 155 -- ryan , in the speed cadillac xlr , select last incoming call on the cellphone . hold he breath . 156 int . kidnapper ' safehouse - stairwell leading to attic 156 as greer reach the first landing , the house phone start ringing . ignoring it , greer continue on and be about to turn the corner to the attic when -- hodge ( os ) boss , you better take this . greer stop , a footstep away from see the open attic door . from the bottom of the step , hodge toss he a cordless phone . greer put it to he ear . greer what ? match CUT to : .57 ext . surface street - day 157 Ryan , inside the cadillac xlr , growl into the cellphone . ryan shut up and listen to I , asswipe . I get what you want . male voice ( vo ) who be this ? ryan you know who this be , shithead ! CUT to : 158 int . telemarket bull pen - day / ext . surface street 158 to we surprise , Ryan be not talk to greer ... but to the same telemarketer that call he earlier . telemarketer look , sir , we can take you name off we list if you want , but you do not have to get nasty -- ryan ( vo ) what --? who be this ? telemarketer Mark . at mastercharge credit Union - 91 . 158 158 ryan ( vo ) * 59 a frickin ' telemarketer ? but I 159 just hit " last incoming call " -- Ryan suddenly put it together . ryan ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) you bastard . the telemarketer quickly hang up before it get ugly . CUT back to : 159 int . kidnapper ' safehouse - just outside attic 159 greer listen intently to a call . so who be on he end of the phone ? tomlin . tomlin ( vo ) look , Captain , we have get to do everything we can to protect this guy . I mean , shit , with all he year in he 's owed a little . 160 intercut call - greer just outside attic / 160 tomlin stand next to mooney outside jessica's house greer vo he 's with you ? how would he find out ? tomlin Said something about a kid who come into the station earlier -- greer grimace , put it together . greer early twenty ? stumble out of Brian Wilson 's hamper ? tomlin yeah . something like that . greer tomlin . take care of he . no witness . that 's more than tomlin bargain for . tomlin be you sure that 's necessary , sir ? greer you know once the shitstorm start , there 's nothing I can do to save you . tomlin sure . that 's what I think . I will tell he . 92 . 160 160 tomlin hang up with a calm flick . the paramedic finish up Mooney 's bandage . paramedic # 1 keep pressure on it until you get it stitched . mooney what 's the word ? tomlin not g9od . i.a. 's not throw out any lifeline with all that 's go on .. . ( be : Mooney 's sh9ulder ) come on . you can write a statement while I take you to the hospital . CUT to : 161 int . kidnapper ' safehouse - stairwell leading to the attic 161 greer slip the cordless into he jacket pocket , continue up the stair . hodge follow , stare expectantly . hodge well ? what would he say ? greer you know a desk jockey name Mooney ? hodge -- holy shit ! greer see hodge gape up the stairwell . follow he look , greer turn ... and see the attic door wide OPEN ! further in , he can make out deason 's bloody body and the rig - together phone ... in fact , the only thing greer do not see be jessica . greer no ! greer turn and pound down the stair . back to : 162 ext . kidnapper ' safehouse - day 162 jessica - in the escalade she twist the key and stomp the gas , send the monster suv on a collision course with -- smashhh -- the guest house window ! the bay window shatter and the security bar SNAP like twig as the escalade bulldoze through ! -- * , unable to open the door because of all the debris , jessica roll down the window and yell to she son -- 93. 162 162 -^ -.. jessica ricky ! come on ! -- but he 's freeze in fear at all the noise and dust . he shake he head . no . jessica ( cont 'd ) baby , please ! it 's okay now . we be gonna go home ! ( glance back nervously ) ricky , please ! somehow , the kid dig deep and find the courage to run to the escalade , where he mother scoops he up into the cab just as -- the kitchen door burst open and greer 's team spill out into the yard . they spot she instantly . ellis get out of the car ! get out of the goddamn car !! as they rush at she -- 163 ext . kidnapper ' safehouse / int . escalade - continuous 163 jessica throw the big car in reverse and try to back out -- but the escalade 's stick ! caught by the debris , the wheel just spin . jessica come on ! come on !! jessica rock the car forward , and back . forward , and back . and just as it finally come loose -- krrraaashhh !! the window next to jessica 's head explode in a shower of tempere glass , shocking we . two arm snake in and wrap around jessica 's neck . greer. but jessica stomp on the gas , hope the big car will pull she free . it do not . as the escalade surge away across the lawn , greer 's vice - like grip hold , pulling jessica out the break window and -- thump ! -- to the guest house debris below . as jessica watch in horror : the driverless escalade careen down the driveway and crash into a pillar . hodge race over and yank ricky out . greer ball he fist in jessica 's hair and yank she around hard . greer who did you tell ?! 94 . 163 163 jessica nobody ! greek lying bitch ! ! who be that kid in the mail room ?! jessica scream as he yank she to she knee . ricky stop it ! do not hurt she !! seethe mad , greer rip he gun from its holster and be literally about to blow jessica 's brain out when -- sfx : the cordless phone in greer' pocket start ringing ! the entire world stop . there 's a awkward moment : jessica cower , greer recover , the phone just ringing and ringing ... the telephone be the only sound in the world , get louder and louder with each ring until -- greer answer it . greer bad timing , tomlin . but it be not tomlin on the phone this time . it 's -- ryan ( vo ) feel like a trade ? intercut phone call : 164 ext . ryan in cadillac / ext . greer outside safehouse 164 greer snap he finger at hodge , indicate it 's Ryan . greer the mysterious bike messenger . how do you get this number ? in the cadillac , push in on Ryan t9 show the cellphone manual he pick up at the Verizon store in he hand . ryan gotta love modern technology ... my new phone know the number of the last fifty income call . greer what do you want ? ryan just the woman and she kid . greer who be you ? what 's you name ? 95 . 164 164 ryan my name be F you . I have get you shit , pal , it do not work that way . greek really ? ( turn to Ellis ) go cut the kid 's throat . though Ryan 's eye widen in panic , he voice remain cool . ryan Fine . you loss . Nice talk to you . and Ryan hang up . he wait nervously , sweat , stare at the phone for the longest second of he life -- ryan ( cont 'd ) ring. c'mon , damn it , ring ! ring ! then it do . Ryan wait a couple ring , slow he speed heart , then nonchalantly pick up . greer so , how do you want to do this ? ryan put on a big ass Ronald McDonald smile , apologize to the kid and the woman and bring them to the Santa monica pier . greer ( vo ) no. somewhere quieter . ryan dude , you be lucky I be still talkin ' to you sorry ass . you do as I say , exactly as I say , or I hang up now and slap this bitch on nightline , you know what I be sayin ' ? there 's a long beat . greer ( vo ) Fine . but you come alone . ryan done . greer ( vo ) how will I recognize you ? ryan you let I worry about that . what 's you cell number ? greer ( vo ) ( 310 ) 555-8342 . a hour then ? 96 . 164 164 ryan I can hardly wait . Ryan hang up . a scared , but satisfied smile ... CUT to : 165 ext . warehouse district - day 165 mooney - in the sedan 's shotgun seat , be try to write he statement . but with he bad shoulder , it 's useless . he wince in pain when the sedan jerk at a four- way stop . mooney ( to tomlin ) should not we be on pico ? to the right , some people wait for a bus . tomlin turn leave . tomlin County will have a six hour wait . ten if they know you be a cop . Mooney grunt he gratitude as tomlin head toward a wasteland of warehouse . and just as any potential witness vanish from sight -- tomlin 's cellphone ring ! he lower the gun and answer the call . tomlin ( cont 'd ) yeah ? greer ( os ) be it take care of ? tomlin not yet . greer ( os ) good . we be make a trade with the kid at the Santa monica pier . you boy can id the kid for we . bring he down . tomlin ( relieved ) I be on it . tomlin flip he phone close and turn the car around . tomlin ( cont 'd ) we catch a break with the kid . he 's be spot on the pier . think you can hang on a little longer ? just enough to id the kid before we patch you up ? Mooney clearly do not want to say " no . " but it hurt . 97 . 165 165 tomlin ( cont 'd ) whaddaya say ? up to you . beat . mooney let 's solve the goddamn thing . CUT to : 166 the ocean - sunset 166 a aerial shot at magic hour , tracking up the coast to the -- 167 ext . santa monica pier - sunset 167 boat clog the water , and th9usands of spectator line the shore of the Pacific , watch the heal the BAY concert on the pier . with all the cheering , dancing and drinking go on , it 's like Times Square on New year Eve . 168 ext . the bluff - continuous 168 Ryan drive up in the cadillac xlr and park . a group of college friend stare enviously at the car as Ryan get out . envious college kid lucky bastard ... ryan you like it ? ( toss he the key ) happy birthday . thud . the Friends ' jaw hit the ground . and as they run to the cadillac xlr , Ryan disappear into the crowd ... 169 the kidnapper ' black van - santa monica pier 169 creep down the wooden bridge and stop at the bottom ; the base of the pier . Inside , hodge sit behind the wheel ; jessica and ricky lay bound and gag in back . hodge lift he nextel and thumb the button . hodge I be in position . CUT to : 170 ext . carousel roof 170 greer and Ellis be on top of the carousel build . Ellis lay on he belly with a police sniper rifle and some fuzzy photo of Ryan from the mailroom . 98 . 170 170 greek copy . 171 Pov - through ellis ' sniper scope 171 excellent magnification . we skim the face of the crowd , hunt for Ryan and locate hodge . CUT to : 172 ext . carousel rooftop - overlooking the pier 172 greer be talk to Ellis , who 's scan the crowd rocking to the concert -- greer only take the kid out if it 's clean . no guess work . the last thing we need 's a stampede . greer pace anxiously -- when suddenly he nextel ring . he answer it , though it 's hard to hear over the music . greer ( cont 'd ) you here ? ryan ( vo ) yeah .  - greer nod to Ellis -- it 's he . find he . greer how do you want to do this ? ryan ( vo ) first show I that jessica and the kid be okay . greer do you have the disc ? ryan ( vo ) yes . where be they ? greer see the black van at the bottom of the bridge ? passenger side window . ryan ( vo ) hang on . ( beat ) okay , get it . greer muffle the phone against he leg . whisper to Ellis : greer he 's within visual of the car . greer take he police walkie and toggle it . * ' * 99 . 172 172 greek ( into walkie ) ( cont 'd ) hodge , show the woman . lower the passenger side window only . CUT to : 173 ext . kidnapper ' van 173 the passenger -side tinted window roll down . hodge sit jessica up , then she kid , display they for a few second before power the window back up . CUT to : 174 ext . carousel rooftop 174 greer ( into phone ) do you see that ? ryan ( vo ) yes . greer muffle the phone again . whisper to Ellis . greer he 's around the passenger side . have you find he yet ? ellis ( vo ) no. ( throw he photo ) I do not know what the hell he look like ! greer he 's the one on the cellphone , you idiot 1 175 Pov - ellis - through he sniper scope 175 everyone in the crowd be on a cellphone . ellis ( vo ) everyone 's on a cellphone ! I have get like fifty possible target here ! Ellis ' cross hair flit from one person on a cell , to another , to another ... CUT to : 176 ext . santa monica pier 176 tomlin and mooney move along the crowd , scan the sea of spectator for Ryan . Mooney move more slowly behind tomlin , skin look pale , sheen in sweat and labor for breath as they hike up the bridge . 100 . 77 ext . carousel rooftop 177 greer you turn . now you show I something . ryan ( vo ) no . put they on the ferris wheel . I want to see they safe first . greer that be not part of the deal . ryan ( vo ) deal 's change . match CUT to : 178 ext . santa monica pier - bluff - night 178 the top of the bluff , overlook the pier below . among the crowd , some skate rat scare the elderly . ryan ( vo ) I have be think . do I no good to hand over the dvd and then you and the funky bunch take we out . -x greer ( vo ) I swore I would not do that . ryan like you swore to protect and serve ? the reference bring greer up short . there 's a moment , then : greer you know a lot ... ryan and I will forget a lot , too . but not until they be both out of danger . now pan around to reveal Ryan among the crowd , wear a surfing windbreaker ; hooded with waterproof pocket -- but where 's he cellphone ? move closer , we see Ryan 's wear the earbud mike from the Verizon store . with the earbud conceal under the loose hood , Ryan look like anyone else just watch the show . ryan ( cont 'd ) you choice , man . the martin or the dvd . either way , I be not hang around any longer . you get five second , then I disconnect you ass . 101 . 178 178 greek you sure you know what you be do ? ryan one ... two ... on the other end of the phone : 179 ext . carousel rooftop - continuous 179 greer wrestle with he better judgment -- ryan Three ... four ... -- but Ryan 's get he by the ball . angrily , greer lift he walkie . greer okay ! okay . ( into walkie ) hodge , put them on the ferris wheel . hodge ( vo ) what ? I greer shut up and do it ! ryan not bad . most people never get past two . greer flinch as he own taunt be use against he . greer ( to Ellis ) keep a eye on they . as soon as we make the trade , take the woman and she kid out . CUT to : 180 ext . santa monica pier - bluff - night 180 ryan watch from a distance as hodge exit the van . greer ( vo ) do not screw I kid , y9u will not live long enough to enjoy it . ryan oooh , I think I just piss myself . Ryan look optimistic when hodge get out and open the back door . and just as he 's on the brink of success -- female voice ( os ) hey --! 102 . 180 180 a woman 's hand grab the hood of Ryan 's windbreaker and rip it away from he face . wheel he around . it 's : chloe there you be ! where the hell be you ! ? ryan Chloe ! get away from here ! chloe know how many hour I wait for you to bring back that stupid shirt ?! what would you do ? sell they on the prominade yourself - -? but Ryan 's get no time for this . ryan go ! now !! 181 ext . santa monica pier - night 181 a sickly - look mooney glance at the commotion -- and see the hoodless Ryan . mooney ( motion to tomlin ) that 's he ! there he be ! 12 ext . santa monica pier - bluff - night 182 Ryan desperately try to shoo Chloe away . ryan it be not safe to talk , get it ? I -- people be after I ! chloe ( shrug free ) what -- be you high ? suddenly , Mooney step up beside Ryan and grab he . mooney ( wind ) I have be .. look for.. you , kid -- but Ryan struggle , think Mooney be with the bad guy . Mooney grab he as he try to make a break for it . ryan let go of I ! sonofabitch , let go ! match CUT to : 183 ext . carousel roof - night 183 's greer 's piss . pace on the roof , when : 103 . 183 183 t_ ellis I have get he ! instantly , greer jam the walkie to he face , and we -- CUT to : 184 int . the kidnapper ' van - night 184 hodge be about to let jessica out of the van , when he hear -- greer ( over walkie ) hodge , do not let they go ! do you hear I ? do not let they go ! back to : 185 ext . santa monica pier - night 185 ryan struggle with Mooney . the crowd completely ignore they in favor of the raucous concert . in the heat of battle , Ryan 's cellphone clatter by Chloe ' 's foot . mooney ( sweat profusely ) Jesus , kid , calm down !! try to break Mooney 's stronghold , Ryan shove he backwards , slamming he injure shoulder into the pier railing . Mooney scream out in pain and grab he shoulder , release -- Ryan , who break away and turn to see Mooney collapse to the ground , hold he blood - soak shoulder . Ryan look over to Chloe , whose face be a combination of shock and confusion . chloe oh my God -- ( check Mooney ) someone call 911 ! a crowd start to gather when -- Ryan feel the barrel of a gun nudging he back . tomlin 's gun . tomlin it 's over kid . fuck ! Ryan 's get no choice but to slowly walk toward the end of the pier . mooney - from he prone position , he catch a glimpse of tomlin back Ryan quietly into the crowd . not try to help . not call for a ambulance . in that instant , Mooney know he 's be betrayed . tomlin 's in on this . 104 . 185 185 tomlin ( cont 'd ) for all the trouble you have cause , you would better have that goddamn disc . where be it ? just then , greer appear through the crowd ahead of he . like a nightmare , he close in . Ryan slowly slip he phone into a waterproof pocket in he windbreaker and zip it up . ryan aw shit ... Ryan 's world be spin -- the noise , the crowd , the tension ... he kick back hard into tomlin 's shin . it be enough for tomlin to release he grip and Ryan bolt . tomlin recover and raise he gun to get a bead on Ryan , but it cause the crowd around he to panic . crowd goer ( os ) dude 's gotta gun ! Ryan navigate through the flee crowd and turn to see greer and tomlin quickly gain ground . he have to make a choice , either go over the railing , or deal with greer and tomlin . Ryan decide on the ocean . he run to a man fishing with he son and use they ice chest as a step . just as he jump the rail -- tomlin get off a shot ! sliiiiiicee !!! the bullet tear through Ryan 's shoulder as he spin headlong into the Pacific ! tomlin and greer run to the railing and see Ryan hit the choppy water below . greer under the pier . go! go! 186 underwater Pov 186 Ryan flail , panic , exhaling all he air and suck in the dark water of the ocean -- 187 underwater 187 Ryan be struggle . bleed . sinking . dying . his lung convulse , try to breathe , burn like a thousand red-hot needle be push they way through he chest . the wave pound against the thick pylon below the pier . just as Ryan come up for air he 's slammed into a wooden pylon ! Ryan fight for he life as the surge churn he underwater , bashing he repeatedly against the pillar . it 's not pretty . 105 . 187 187 as he struggle toward the shore , he 's constantly throw back and forth underwater like a rag doll . CUT to : 188 ext . santa monica pier - night 188 tomlin race down the pier towards the beach -- greek aim he weapon at the ocean , dare Ryan to surface . CUT to : 189 ext . under the santa monica pier - beach - night 189 Ryan finally make it to shore ; cough , retching . he crawl up the sand , out of breath , blood trail behind he . he unzip the waterproof pocket of he short , pull out the cellphone , which thank God be actually dry . Ryan force himself into action ; stumbling , exhaust into a -- 190 int . storage dory - under the pier - night 190 the place be dark . empty . a array of row shell cover in ghostly , flap tarp make the place look vaguely haunt . this place be also fill with storage equipment , such as buoy and safety netting use by the beach patrol . CUT to : 191 ext . under the santa monica pier - beach - night 191 tomlin - racing through the sand under the pier . he spot Ryan 's bloody footprint and follow they toward the -- 192 int . dory - night 192 ryan - see tomlin come . Ryan 's trap like a rat -- and drip blood everywhere . he look for anything that will save he , but find only useless boat tool ( sander , saw , box cutter , etc . ) ryan ( to himself ) think ! think ! 193 ext . santa monica pier - night 193 Chloe hand Mooney a cup of water and frantically look around for the paramedics . Mooney start rise to he foot . chloe you better lie still . the paramedics should be here shortly . but Mooney 's obstinate . he rise despite she best effort . 106 . 193 193 mooney just keep that ambulance close by . and as he stumble off -- 194 int . the dory entrance - night 194 tomlin - by the time he eye adjust to the dark , Ryan be nowhere to be see . tarp undulate over jumble of box and equipment everywhere -- a hundred place to hide . alone , tomlin stalk among the equipment . gun out . hunting Ryan like a snake on the scent or prey . tomlin you be wounded kid , just give I what I come for , and I will let you all go . Police siren in the distance grow louder . tomlin 's offer go unanswer . that 's when he notice the blood on the ground . tomlin smile , follow Ryan 's trail to a pile of blood - smear tarp -- where the trail end ! it 's obvious Ryan use this to staunch he wound . shit ! he 's gonna have to search this whole place -- then , suddenly , tomlin get a idea . he pull out he phone , make sure it 's conceal from view , and write a text message to -- x95 ext . santa monica pier - night 195 greer pull out he ringing cell phone . on the text screen it say , " call he " . greer flash a wick grin , and dial the last number on he call log . CUT to : 196 int . dory - continuous 196 tomlin 's ready to pounce . sfx : nearby , Ryan 's cellphone start to ring , betray he ! instantly , tomlin hone in on the noise -- come from under a bulky tarp along the far wall -- and empties he gun at it ! the tarp shred . nothing could survive the assault . tomlin walk calmly across the room to stand before the tarp . tomlin shoulda stay at home this morning , kid . and just then , tomlin throw off the shred tarp expose -- Ryan 's cellphone . and nothing else . 107 . 196 196 ^_ ryan ( os ) funny . I be about to say the same to you . tomlin what the -- and in the instant tomlin realize he 's be trick , he turn and -- wham ! ryan hit tomlin in the face with a 2 x4 , smashing he teeth and send he backwards . before tomlin have time to rec9ver , Ryan swing again . crack ! -- and he knee cap be obliterate . Ryan , look like a psychotic Babe Ruth , give tomlin two more vicious whack before grab he cellphone and high - tailing it out of there . CUT to : 197 int . kidnapper ' van - night 197 hodge - have no luck on the walkie . hodge tomlin ? anyone copy ? jessica , cuffed from behind , covertly wriggle the handcuffs under she ass toward she foot . ricky , terrify , scream " no " with he eye . but she know she 's out of time . CUT to : 198 ext . santa monica beach - night 198 ryan - lose blood , he do he best to move quickly through the sand . he stumble , but regains he foot as he make he way towards the stair leading up to the pier . CUT to : 199 ext . carousel roof - night 199 ellis - still on the roof , scan the pier . 200 Pov - through ellis ' sniper scope 200 hodge locate Ryan emerge from the stair . ellis get he . he 's in the parking lot . CUT to : 201 int . kidnapper ' van - night 201 hodge - listen intently to the walkie . 108 . 201 201 ellis ( os ) I have get a clean shot . greek ( os ) no ! we do not have the dvd . just hold he location . hodge , parking lot now ! just as hodge reach for the door handle -- jessica wrap she cuff around he throat , throw she leg against the back of he seat and pull like she life depend on it . hodge choke , flail , dig , and claw at the cuff , but he fingertip be no match for jessica 's muscular leg . jessica ricky run ! find help ! ricky 's paralyze with fear . jessica ( cont 'd ) run ! ricky bolt from the car . CUT to : 202 ext . santa monica pier - bridge - night 202 **v , police cruiser race down the pier bridge , desperately try to avoid the flee crowd . CUT to : 203 int . kidnapper ' van - night 203 jessica - finish squeezing the last bit of life out of hodge . she finally exit the van , but not before grab the walkie talkie and gun . back to : 204 ext . parking lot - night 204 ryan - sneaking he way through park car , head in the direction of the Police cruiser on the bridge . CUT to : 205 ext . carousel - night 205 mooney - scan the pier for Ryan , hear - ellis ( os ) he 's head for the cop . we should do it now . Mooney look to the roof of the carousel and see Ellis . 10 9 . 205 205 mooney " " freeze ! Drop you weapon ! Ellis quickly swing he rifle and -- bam ! Mooney shoot Ellis in the head , cause he to slide off the carousel roof . CUT back to : 206 ext . parking lot - night 206 ryan - stop in he track , look in the direction of the gun shot . he turn around only to find -- a pistol point right at he face -- greer 's pistol . he push Ryan behind a suv so as not to be see by the cop . greek no more bullshit ! just give I the goddamn disc ! Ryan slowly unzip he front jacket pocket and remove the dvd . greer snatch it and smashes it to piece . fragment fall through the crack in the pier , to the ocean below . Ryan , pale as ghost , know he 's second from meeting he maker . greer ( cont 'd ) this be about to be the most enjoyable part of a extremely shitty day . and just as he 's about to pull the trigger -- blam !! jessica fire a warning shot . greer ( startle , spin around to see jessica point hodge ' gun in he face . jessica tell I why I should not kill you . for the first time , greer actually look frighten . recognize the homicidal look in she eye , he sputter , but nothing come out . Ryan , weak and pale with blood loss , look up at he guardian angel . ryan jess ... jessica ? do not . jessica tremble with rage , a tear fall . jessica I ... I have to . 110 . 206 206 mooney ( o.s. ) lower the weapon , jessica . ~--- - "  - ' jessica look behind she and see Mooney , surround by EIGHT police officer . mooney ( cont 'd ) ( try to reason with she ) ricky 's safe . it 's all go to be okay . put it down . jessica slowly lower the gun and look into Ryan 's face . jessica thank you for keep you promise . as the cop move in and drag greer to he foot , Ryan call out to he . ryan hey man , you shitty day be about to get a whole lot shittier . Ryan flip open he phone and on the screen play the security footage of the murder in the parking lot . we see that Ryan must have copy the dvd with he videophone . ryan ( cont 'd ) ai not that a bitch ? and through the tear , jessica manage a laugh . a small one . but enough to let we know everything 's go to be okay . and as we pull back on the scene -- dissolve to : 207 int . hospital dayroom - night 207 the ecu of a television screen show a aerial shot of the Santa monica pier . pull out to reveal - chloe and ryan , sit in a hospital dayroom , engross in the news report that play in the far corner of the room . Ryan 's shoulder have now be bandaged , he arm 's in a sling . news anchor ... the Santa monica pier be the latest set in the ongoing 23rd precinct corruption scandal . Ryan ackerman , a local resident , risk he life to save a family kidnap by officer to cover up ... Chloe stroke Ryan 's scalp with she finger . 111 . 207 207 chloe " " " how do it feel to be a hero ? ryan ( be : he wound ) it hurt ... but you be make it way better . I be just glad it 's over . chloe ( smile ) modesty can be sexy . ryan and to think this be we first date . chloe next time , skip the shower . in the background , jessica and ricky exit a hospital room and join the two lovebird . jessica Craig 's very weak , but the doctor say it look promise . he 's probably go to have to walk with a cane , but that 's the worst of it ... I be just thankful . Chloe sense that jessica and Ryan might need a moment alone . chloe come on ricky , let 's get a hot chocolate . a small smile form on ricky 's exhaust face . Chloe lead ricky down the hall . jessica I can not believe I almost lose everything that mean ... I do not know how I can ever thank you . ryan I do . ( weak smile ) do not ever call I again . a share laugh , then as they turn to the television -- ecu of security footage of the parking lot murder a cell phone ring on a nearby table . they turn to look at it , neither one apparently have any idea to whom it might belong ... but this time , as we pull back on the scene , we realize no one 's go to answer it . CUT to black .