dead drop by Michael bortman 11/30/95 fade in : shot - chicago skyline - day mute , gray sky , the building seem drain of they color . a sound of wind , softly rise , and then - what 's this ? - the skyline start to waver , ever so slightly and the image be break by tiny droplet and then , suddenly , split apart with the roar of a motorcycle plow through a street puddle into whose surface reflection we have be look . as the surface reform itself , we begin title . eddie kopek ride the motorcycle , a pack on he back . he be in he late twenty , work class and street smart , dodging traffic , make time . and get wet ; it 's raining . neighborhood - day away from the proud high - rise of downtown , go to seed . Eddie pass through on he bike . ext . steel mill - day a line of huge blast furnace , rusting and abandon . Eddie steer the motorcycle past they to the one small island of life - a few car park at the edge of a vast empty lot - and pull to a stop . he get off , splashes across the lot toward the mill entrance . he enter . int . steel mill - day no ordinary mill : it 's be convert into a high tech lab , hold tank , mainframe computer , experimental device . a dozen technician be at work , draw from across the world - brown , yellow , black , white skin ina casual mix and comfortable style that bely the high seriousness of purpose in the lab . eddie nod as he pass techy at work in cubicle , stop at a office , reach into he coat and draw out a comic book , slide it onto the desk of chen , about forty . chen look up from he work : chen New spawn ? eddie just out . he continue down the hall , nearly run over lily naughton , roughly Eddie 's age . she 's wear a lab coat over she jeans , the kind of woman who would be stun if she take even a minute to think about it , which she do not . mostly she think about she work ( she run the lab as chen 's assistant ) , and when she be not think about that , she think about the long backpack trip she wish she have more time to take . lily do you have the new nozzle ? eddie right here . he set he pack down , begin rummage through it . lily do we have a computer model ? eddie not yet . this do not make she happy : lily you will have to make one . we be testing at four thirty . eddie I have not have time ... lily make time . we be not go to test without the model . have not we go through this before ? Eddie pull the new nozzle from he pack . but when he proudly raise it for lily to inspect , she 's already go , move down the hall . he say , to himself : eddie ( continue ) ... it be a hand job . lab area - console lily and chen stand before the console . chen speak into a microphone in thickly accented English : chen okay , data recorder and confirm . a row of green light illuminate one by one on the console . the tv monitor flicker , then image of the lab 's machinery appear on various screen . chen ( continue ) Main stage pressure , forty five sixty by the mark . Fire and safety line to condition " a " . chen glance over he shoulder . chen ( continue ) we have a green board . lab area - water tank empty . small jet spray water into the tank and it begin to fill . the wavery image of Ernest bucholtz ( bucky ) appear through the water . he 's near seventy , a grand old eccentric man of science in rumple tweed , draw peanut from one pocket of he coat , munch absent mindedly and drop the shell in the other . bucky let 's begin . he turn toward chen and lily , wave a imaginary baton , as if he be lead a orchestra . chen Main power . techie stand near a bank of capacitor , throw a switch . the building begin to hum . tank small bubbles appear at the edge of the electrode ringing the tank . chen injector ... a techie throw a switch as Eddie peer closely at the injector he 's recently install . tube as mercury - like bead of catalyst enter and rise to valve which begin release catalyst into the tank . Eddie smile in satisfaction . a bell ring , and another figure appear beside bucky - tony shannon , in he fifty , smoothly confident , a private foundation executive equally at home in the lab and in the board room . at the sound of the bell , he put on dark glass . then he notice a pair perch atop bucky 's head . he slide they down over bucky 's face . the other in the lab put they glass on . chen activate the laser . a techie flip a huge switch and a laser device glow brightly , send beam toward a series of mirror , which reflect the beam into the tank from different direction . lily peer at the tank through she dark glass as the water inside begin to roil . she cross to the computer readout and begin make note on a chart she carry . hydrogen tube lead to a hold tank carry two ping pong ball , which rise toward the tank as hydrogen flow and the burn off container ignites , send a pure blue flame forward . the water tank begin to shudder as the water roil dangerously . lily , Eddie , and now Shannon be mesmerize as the shudder increase ; Shannon turn quizzically to bucky , who seem to be wait , wait ... then bucky motion to chen , as if he be cue the horn section . chen cavitation sound wave ... a techie at the console move a control forward and a hum emanate from the nozzle in the water tank , reduce the shudder and cause the water to glow a eerie blue ... Eddie peer expectantly at he nozzle . lily watch the Energy in and Energy out meter on the console : the Energy out meter rise slowly . chen read from the meter : chen we have a split . output ratio at point three ... output ratio at point four ... lily cross to a bank of computer , spew printout in various graph form . she study they as chen continue : chen ( continue ) output ratio at point five ... blast furnace ignites : a smallish flame in the huge burner . Shannon turn , stare into the fire but bucky seem mesmerize by the bubbling water . chen Point six ... ENERGY meter the Energy out meter stop its climb . chen holding at point six ... it actually drop a little . chen ( continue ) Point five five ... disappointment a Shannon 's face . he turn to bucky , still mesmerize by the activity in the water tank . chen ( continue ) ... and hold at point six ... bucky shut it down . chen system shut off . the techy respond ; the system shut off , the flame in the blast furnace falter , leave the lab in silence . bucky be deep in think , absently munch on he peanut . at last , Shannon speak up : shannon pizza 's on I . title end as bucky shuffles back toward the office . office area a stack of pizza box on a main desk , Shannon , chen , lily and Eddie sit eat . Eddie be busily sketching on he pad , bucky be pace nearby . bucky it 's music . the other turn to he . bucky ( continue ) be not that odd ? we deal in science , but in the end the answer come to we from art . Shannon roll he unlit cigar in he finger . shannon what do you mean , bucky ? bucky I want to change the frequency of the acoustic nozzle . can we build a device which give we a variable frequency , Eddie ? Eddie be sketching , look up from he pad . eddie ( think : ) sure . why not ? he flip to another page , begin sketching , absently . bucky we need to think like child make music . excite the water with music . the other stare at he , not get he meaning . bucky turn to Shannon : bucky ( continue ) be you worried Mr. Shannon ? Shannon grin : shannon no . bucky but you foundation be spend a fortune on we . the least we can do be worry you . shannon that 's very thoughtful of you . thank you . bucky pat he on the back . bucky we be close . we be very close . he turn to the other : bucky ( continue ) we learn something very important today . we find another way that do not work . he wave , shuffles off , lose in think again as Shannon stare after he . chen stand , stretch . chen lily , take a break . we go back over it tomorrow . lily look up from the computer readout she 's study . she 's puzzle : lily we be miss some input here ... eddie ( not look up : ) I will have it tomorrow . lily no , it 's not the nozzle , it 's ... but chen fold the printout , will not let she read . chen tomorrow , lily . ext . parking lot - night Shannon emerge , finally light he cigar , cross to he car . he see Eddie move toward he motorcycle . shannon Eddie how be the class come ? eddie pretty good . shannon be you keep up ? do the read ? eddie mostly . Shannon eye he skeptically . Eddie grin . eddie ( continue ) some . Shannon open Eddie 's saddle bag , pull out a half dozen comic : X - Men , spawn , gen 13 . shannon part of the curriculum ? eddie I have be trading with chen . shannon Trading for what ? Eddie hand he a book from the same saddle bag : Fundamentals of physics . shannon ( continue ) good . you understand this stuff ? eddie chen do . he do not understand that stuff . he mean the comic . Shannon smile , wave , and cross to he car ; Eddie fire up the bike . and as he drive out of the lot , we hear , voice over : bucky ( v.0 . ) we have reach a new stage in the history of man - a stage in which the limit of the past can simply be discard as old way of think ... ext . university of chicago campus - day various shot : the hall of learn , student crossing to they class . bucky 's voice over continue : bucky ( v.0 . ) we be within sight of a age old dream of mankind . we will soon have the capacity for all people in all nation to extinguish poverty . simply snuff it out , the way we have conquer smallpox , or polio . and what be the source of this new wealth ? shot - water glass half full . we be in bucky 's classroom - day and bucky dramatically empty the glass into a tank and place it on a small table top , where in a vastly simplify fashion , he have recreate he experimental device . the tank be bubbling , store its oxygen and hydrogen in small hold container . bucky water. h20 . two part hydrogen , one part oxygen . a rather simple matter to separate the two element ... we have do it here . but here 's the rub : the energy require to make the split , as we say , be for now great than the energy we derive from the separate part . but , see the power of the energy we have create ... bucky cross to a small tank of hydrogen , turn a valve , light a match ... and boom - a small explosion startles the student watch in fascination . nervous laughter . bucky grin slyly . bucky it be , after all , the power that destroy the famous blimp hindenburg . but what happen when we have learn how to separate that element in a way that require very little energy ? I will give you the answer . we will transform the world . think of it : fire from water ... we will have a inexhaustible resource . for water be everywhere , and it do not matter whether it 's clean or dirty , salty or fresh . and here 's the truly exciting part . it 's a completely non pollute resource as well . for what happen when you burn hydrogen ? you get a waste product that be ... water . and now bucky drink the collect water from the glass he have place on the table at the beginning of the demonstration , and he student laugh and burst into applause as the camera move up and back and find Eddie , in the back row , a dozen empty row between he and the rest of the class . sketch . bucky ( v.0 . ) but if we put a end to pollution , perhaps we may also put a end to war . eddie' sketch pad a new acoustic nozzle take form under Eddie 's pen ... bucky ( v.0 . ) for what be war , but a old idea derive from the notion that we must choose between my security and yours . why should it be I or you ? why not both of we ? all of we ? with a plentiful supply of clean energy , we do not have to choose at all . truly , we can all live like ... billionaire . int . eddie' basement - night ... and as we pull back from the pad , we see we be in Eddie 's basement , cramme with gear , tool , gadget , and especially , sound equipment . Eddie put a prototype nozzle in place , switch on he amplifier ... bucky ( v.0 . ) ( continue ) this glass contain not only water , but a command , a demand , that we develop new way of think , new way of look at the world , new way of be human ... ... and a low , rumbling hummmm emanate from Eddie 's speaker as we CUT to ext . eddie' house - night . a work class neighborhood ; the house practically vibrate on its foundation from the SOUND pour out of Eddie 's basement , drown out bucky 's lecture and we CUT to int . mill - eddie' work area - day as Eddie shape he new nozzle on he lathe , carefully craft the nozzle 's horn , feel it with he finger , and there be chen peer over Eddie 's shoulder at the work , until Eddie turn off the lathe . chen run he finger over the nozzle , check it out . chen you have make you model ? eddie not yet . chen lily gonna shoot you . what mean necroplasmic goo ? Eddie remove he safety goggle , look at chen blankly . chen read from he spawn comic : chen ( continue ) " his identity be now forever lose , exchange for a unholy shell of necroplasmic goo . " eddie sort of tired blood . ( pause ) but clotted . chen do not get it . int . mill - lab area - day Eddie be slump inside the water tank , the door open , install the acoustic nozzle . shannon Eddie ... can I interrupt ? Eddie look up . shannon ( continue ) this be Doctor collier . collier have a wide grin for Eddie . he be in he fifty , outgo and confident , wear a dark suit . collier hello , Eddie . eddie hello . shannon Eddie 's we machinist . he make the gadget the rest of the crew get to play with . what have you get here ? eddie a new acoustic nozzle . shannon we be treat the water with sound , hope to make the hydrogen separation more economical . we also use a catalyst for the same purpose . the two work together . ah. Dr. buchaltz , Dr. collier ... collier a great pleasure : I have be look forward to meeting you . shannon Dr. collier be evaluate research program for the Office of Technology Assessment in Washington . collier so much waste in government program , Dr. bucholtz . I have be want to see how you program run on private funding . bucky well , stick around . you can see if it run at all . collier ( laugh ) I would be delighted ! console as the board light up . chen lean into the microphone : chen we have a green board . water tank the jet spray water into the tank . collier watch , fascinate . we hear chen : chen ( v.0 . ) Main power . bubbles appear in the tank , near the electrode . chen ( v.0 . ) injector ... bucky be in he customary deepthink . Shannon roll he unlit cigar back and forth between he finger . the bell ring and Shannon have to slip bucky 's dark glass down from they spot on the top of he head . chen ( v.o. ) laser ... laser fire its beam at the mirror . the water in the tank begin to roil . bucky watch ... watch ... then cue chen . chen ( v.0 . ) cavitation sound wave ... Eddie move closer to the tank , peer down through the water at the new nozzle . chen and lily at the console : chen we have a split . output ratio at point three ... output ratio at point four ... lily cross to the computer printout . chen ( continue ) output ratio at point five ... blast furnace ignites . collier turn he face to the fire . chen ( v.0 . ) Point six ... ENERGY meter the Energy out meter rise . chen ( v.o. ) Point seven ... still rise . a new note of excitement in chen 's voice : chen ( v.0 . ) Point eight ... Eddie turn to bucky , but bucky be absently shelling peanut , watch the water tank . chen ( v.0 . ) Point nine ... and one ! lily drop the printout , turn , try to make eye contact with someone , anyone ... chen ( v.0 . ) one point two ... one point three ... meter the Energy in meter fall rapidly now , the Energy out rise . and suddenly the blast furnace fire into a giant flame , a huge whomp that startles the techy ; all eye on the furnace now : chen ( v.0 . ) two ... two point one ... collier and bucky turn to the fire now , reflect flame dance in they dark glass . eddie can not contain he glee . he practically run to the console , so he can see the meter register this amazing output . chen two point five ... two point six ... bucky look up , as if from a dream , peer around the room . bucky shut it down . but in the roar of the furnace , the stunne techy do not hear he . he shout : bucky ( continue ) shut it down ! chen manage to look up from the meter , realize that bucky be shouting at he . chen system shut off ! the techy scramble to they task ; the flame in the furnace sputter out , the hum of machinery quiet . in the silence that follow , no one move . it be bucky who finally speak : bucky who bring the marshmallow ? the entire lab erupt in a joyous whoop . later Champagne and pizza ; the techy be in a party mood , music over the speaker . lily have a full glass , a instamatic in she hand . lily Excuse I ... Eddie , will you take a shot of we ? eddie sure . she slip she arm around chen , smile hugely for the camera . Eddie shoot . lily ( continue ) let 's get everybody . hey , everybody ! let 's get a shot ! oh , Mr. Shannon . she put she arm around Shannon ; she 's a little tipsy : lily ( continue ) I just ... I ... thank you . I be so thrilled ! ext . parking lot - night bucky stand in the cold night air , shelling peanut . collier cross to he side . collier Doctor bucholtz ... bucky bucky . collier bucky . May I shake you hand ? I will never forget this day . bucky yes , a big day . collier how long before you will be ready to announce you finding ? week ? month ? bucky chew thoughtfully . bucky well . I suppose it belong to the world , now . I think I will just send it out on the internet . and as collier register he surprise , Eddie emerge from the lab . he call : eddie bucky ? they want you for a picture . int . mill - lab area - night the techy have gather in a group , champagne bottle in hand , silly grin plaster on they face . lily be arrange they for the shot as Eddie set up the camera on a makeshift tripod . lily okay , Mr. Shannon here , chen , over there - oh , wait , no ... she 's flushed with excitement . lily oh , it do not matter , just anywhere ... bucky , you have to be in the middle . do we have everybody ? she count nose . collier emerge from the shadow : collier why do not I take the picture ? Eddie , you should be in there . lily oh , right , Eddie ... of course . forgive I . as if it never occur to she . Eddie cross to bucky 's side . bucky turn to he , grin : bucky congratulation , Eddie . eddie thank you . congratulation to you . and now lily be at bucky 's side , insert herself between bucky and Eddie : lily bucky , I be so proud . ever since I be a child , I dream of something like this . I never imagine it would happen so soon . and she slip she arm around he , plant a big kiss on he cheek as Eddie grin wryly to himself and a flash from the camera as collier snap the picture : lily oh , wait : I be ... you have to take another one : ext . parking lot - night Eddie emerge from the lab , cross to he bike . not far away , we hear the grind of a engine . Eddie stop , peer through the darkness , then cross to a car , rap a the window . lily look up , puzzle . lily wo not start . Eddie scan the dashboard . eddie you be out of gas . she peer at the gauge . eddie ( continue ) you should not drive , anyway . come on , I will take you home . lily and eddie cross the parking lot . it 's cold , and she huddle in she thin coat . eddie where do you live ? lily kimbark and 54th . she 's giddy and a little drunk . lily ( continue ) how come I do not know you better ? be you shy ? or be I just a snob ? eddie you be a snob . lily I bet you be smart , though . Shannon would not hire you if you be not . eddie could have make a mistake . lily well , even so . you should be proud . it take everyone work together to do a thing like this . just be on the team be ... it 's a great thing , do not you think ? even if you be not ... you know what I mean . eddie I know exactly what you mean . they be stand at a bus stop . lily where be you park ? eddie back there . I have a motorcycle . she turn , look back into the parking lot . the bus arrive , Eddie board . he hold out he hand for she : eddie ( continue ) you would freeze to death . she look at the bus as if she 's never see one before . int . mill - office area - night bucky sit at he computer . chen poke he head in : chen Big excitement today . you think it happen ? bucky not so soon . chen you tell Shannon it happen soon . bucky grin . bucky sometimes it 's better to be lucky than good . chen ah . a noise from another part of the lab . bucky someone still here ? chen I think we get rat . they gonna eat we tub . ext . CITY STREET - night a bus move through the late night street . int . bus - night and in the nearly desert bus , Eddie and lily sit side by side . lily what do you carry in you bag ? eddie burglar 's tool . she laugh . lily okay , I be a snob . I can not help it . you probably have a great novel in there . he pull out a fistful of comic . wrong again . lily why do you read this thing ? eddie I be corrupt chen . make a real american out of he . Eddie pull out he book on physics , begin read . she look at he oddly . eddie ( continue ) have you read it ? lily Ages ago . he hand it to she . eddie go ahead . test I . ask I anything in there . lily eye he with new interest . she open the book , skim a chapter or two . lily ( read : ) let the potential difference between the inner shell of a Van de graaff accelerator and the point at which charge be spray onto the move belt be 3.40 mv . if the belt transfer charge to the shell at the rate of 2.80 m o0c / 5 , what minimum power must be provide to drive the belt ? pause as Eddie consider the question . then : eddie ask I something else . ( pause ) well come on , you pick the hardest chapter . int . mill - lab area - night chen be on he hand and knee , bait a rat trap with cheese . he delicately slide the trap under a jutting corner ... angle - chen ... and we watch he as if through the eye of a observer as chen take another trap and bait it , carefully set it , creep toward we , slide the trap slowly , slowly ... and a sudden bang ... startles chen and send bucky to the doorway , peer into the shadowy lab : bucky chen ? chen look up sheepishly : he 's accidentally sprung the trap . when he speak , it 's in he native chinese : chen ( untranslate ) cocksucker . int . bus - night Eddie be read from the physics text , use he hand to illustrate the problem : eddie see , you have this tuning fork attach to a stretch wire , and it generate transverse wave . the vibration of the fork be perpendicular to the wire . its frequency be 400 hz and the amplitude of its oscillation be 0.50 mm ... he turn to lily , who 's out like a light , snore gently against he shoulder . Eddie put the book away , peer out the window . eddie ( continue ) hey . this be we . ext . lily STREET - night Eddie half carry lily up the stair to she apartment . she 's lean into he , speak into he neck . lily Big key for this one . Little key inside . eddie can you stand up while I do this ? lily no problema . he let she go to fiddle with the key , have to grab she as she sag to she knee ... lily ( continue ) Little problema . int . lily apartment - night . Eddie help lily inside . eddie bedroom ? she point . lily do you think I be too serious ? eddie not right now . lily you understand why we need the specs , do not you ? eddie yes . he drop she gently onto the bed . swing she foot up . slip she shoe off . lily poor lily . she 's too serious . eddie who say ? lily everybody . never finda husband . he can not help notice the half dozen or so frame diplomas not hang but propped modestly on a overflow book shelf : a BA from South Africa , graduate degree from school in London , Paris , science award from Sydney , the planck Institute . she 's a heavy hitter . eddie you have be around . but she 's already asleep , she arm curl around she pillow for comfort . int . mill - lab area - night chen have bait he last trap , be down on he hand and knee , slide it carefully under some tub . he push , push , can not quite get it where he want it , have to slide it through a small open without the damn thing go off ... push ever so gently ... ah . that 's it . he 's get he hand and clothes dirty from try to position the trap . still on he knee , he dust himself off , then rise slowly , look up ... something he see startles the hell out of he . int . bus - night Eddie be back on the bus . peer out the window , think about lily . smiling . ext . bus stop - night the bus pull up and Eddie alight , head for he bike park in the lot . bike Eddie hop on , fire it up , pull slowly past the entrance to the mill lab ... door be slightly open , light shine dimly from the inside . Eddie stop . consider for a moment . then he turn the bike off . he cross to the door , enter . int . mill - night Eddie enter . listen for a beat ; then say , under he breath : eddie anybody home ? he cross to the office area , see a light shine from the back - bucky 's office . he cross . and he poke he head into bucky'' office where bucky 's foot be visible , propped on the computer stand behind he desk , he head obscure by the high back of the chair in which he sit . eddie bucky ? no answer . bucky 's computer be on , the screen casting a dim , green glow into the small office . Eddie repeat : eddie ( continue ) bucky ? you awake ? still no answer . Eddie cross to the chair , and what he see hit he like a hard blow to he chest , take he breath away :... bucky be slump in the chair , he face blue , a plastic bag tie tightly over he head and plaster to he skin with he last inhalation of breath . eddie oh , my god : oh , Jesus ... he yank the bag off bucky 's head with such force that bucky 's inert body fall from the chair onto the floor . eddie ( continue ) oh , Jesus , bucky ! he 's down on the floor with bucky , hold the old man 's head back , breathe into he mouth . and then he begin pump bucky 's chest . eddie ( continue ) oh , bucky , come on ... come on ... he breathes into he mouth again , pump he chest , but it 's useless . eddie ( continue ) oh , shit , oh shit ! he scramble up , search wildly for a phone , lift the receiver : the line be dead . the cord dangle loosely to the floor . Eddie dart out of the room into the hall walk quickly to another office , try the phone there : the cord be cut . he stand for a moment , try to make sense of this , then he face darken . he sniff ... he raise he head , sniff again ... lab area Eddie race in : a soft hissing SOUND come from somewhere in the lab . he move into the lab search for it 's source , stop suddenly : hydrogen storage tank ... be spilling hydrogen into the lab , it 's valve wide open . Eddie turn , almost stumble , past a oxygen storage tank nearby : oxygen storage tank be also hiss , send a lethal mixture into the lab . Eddie try to turn the valve shut but it spin uselessly under he hand . ext . bridge - night a unmark van , bland , white , pull to a stop a the bridge . the door on the driver 's side open and a pair of boot foot emerge into the night . in the distance , we can see the hulk mill in the dim light . int . mill - lab area - night Eddie be freeze with fear . the hissing SOUND be louder now , but perhaps it be just in Eddie 's brain . slowly , he begin make he way out of the lab ... ext . mill - parking lot - night ... and once outside , he run . he grab the bike , fearful of start it so near the lab , he push it , sweat , until he be willing to gamble . he let out the clutch and the exhaust sputter with a blue flame and eddie cringe , expect a explosion , but there be none . he slip into low gear , speed on a straight away , tear through the night as we CUT to : ext . bridge - night as the boot figure we see earlier slide the panel door open , reach for a small detonator rest on the rear seat . he hold the detonator in both hand as eddie put he head down and roar away and the detonator be plunge down . from we view on the bridge ... the mill erupt in a violent explosion that suggest a mighty bomb , send huge piece of debris into the air anda rolling SHOCK wave : that threaten to overtake Eddie on he bike , and finally do , send he careen into the brush beside the road as piece of the mill begin to descend like shrapnel on the neighborhood , raining destruction from the winter night sky ... a boiler crash through the roof of a american legion Hall ... lily car roll like tumbleweed across the parking lot ... row of house ignite by flame shard landing on the peak roof , and we CUT to a telephone ringing in the night once , twice , a hand reach for it , we be in int . shannon' bedroom - night as Shannon pick up the phone and say , groggily : shannon yes ... we can hear a torrent of word speak so loudly , so rapidly , come through the phone , it almost lift Shannon to a sit position . shannon ( continue ) ... Eddie ? ext . mill site - early morning utter devastation : the mill have be levele , a shroud of thick smoke diffuse the weak winter light and give a other worldly sense to the scene . Fire department investigator comb the wreckage , as police maintain the barricade set up to keep the crowd of curious away . a television newsreporter ( rita bliss ) be do a standup , with the smoking ruin in the background : rita the incredible devastation from last night 's blast be only now become apparent , and have leave worker at this scene with a sense of utter disbelief . just what be go on here and what might have cause the - powerful explosion be still not clear , although accord to source at the university , the mill have be convert into a site for the experimental production of hydrogen fuel . it be not , this source say , suppose to be dangerous . but tell that to this once peaceful neighborhood whose quiet be shattered last night . and tell that to the dozen of local , state and federal investigator who have descend on this spot , try to make sense from the bit and piece of what be leave ... agent raymond ford a tall , soft speak man with a hint of New York irish in he speech move through the gloom , lead by a aide , to a spot where Eddie and Shannon stand . aide this be agent Raymond Ford from the FBI , Mr. Shannon , who run the Franklin Foundation ... ford Mr. Shannon . aide ... and Mr. kopek . ford hello . they shake hand . ford ( continue ) you be the one who be here last night ? eddie we be all here . but yeah , I come back later . ford and when you get here , Dr. bucholtz be dead ? eddie yes . ford how do you know he be dead , son ? eddie he have a plastic bag over he head . he be blue ... ford could he have do it himself ? Eddie look offended by the question : eddie no . he would not have . ford ( to he aide : ) okay , I want everyone who work at the lab in my office . Mr. Shannon , if you do not mind , I would like to have you , too . I want a search of Dr. bucholtz ' office at the University . I want a search of Mr. Shannon 's foundation ... Mr. Shannon , I hope you will make this easy for we ... as he begin to move off , the newsreporter press he : rita Excuse I ... Mr. Ford , may I ask a few question ... ford no , ma'am . he move quickly , but she keep up : rita do you have any lead ? ford no , ma'am . rita can you tell we why the FBI be involved ? ford ma'am , we just have eight city block disappear . that 's why we be involved . ext . federal build - day a half dozen tv news truck be park nearby as a group of newsmen mill about , wait for word . int . federal build - FBI office - hallway - day a madhouse : agent move back and forth as , inside various office and cubicle we see the techy and scientist from the lab be interview . we follow a secretary into ford' office where Ford and other agent be interview Shannon : shannon they be scientist . highly train , expert in they field . some technical assistant , graduate student , mostly ... ford suppose you start from the beginning . how many altogether ? shannon I would have to think ... second office a large room where Eddie , lily and a half dozen techy from the lab be undergo interrogation by a group of agent . eddie I would come back for my bike . agent gray you would take miss naughton home ? eddie yes . agent gray why ? eddie she could not get she car start . she would have a little bit to drink . agent gray you have a relationship with miss naughton ? eddie no . she 's a physicist . a blank look from the agent . eddie ( continue ) I be a machinist . he cast a eye across the room at lily , answer another agent 's question . she seem stunne , red eye from lack of sleep . lily I be hire by Dr. chen . agent master who be he ? lily he be Dr. bucholtz 's project manager . agent master where be he now ? lily he 's home , I would imagine . agent master you have a number for he ? lily yes . agent master let 's get he in here . why do he hire you ? lily because I be smart . and I speak chinese . and we CUT to : ford office shannon I find Dr. chen in China . he would run into trouble with the chinese authority . I help arrange for he to come here . ford what sort of trouble ? shannon he be involved in the pro democracy movement . not a good thing to be , in China . ford and what about this kopek guy ? shannon what about he ? ford be he one of you scientist ? shannon no . but he 's good at what he do . ford what do you know about he ? shannon I have know he for a long time . dad be a plumber , and thena union official . he have a union scholarship to college , but he have to leave school ... ford why ? shannon ( shrug : ) I think he be have problem . spend a couple year in the army . I run into he again work in a machine shop . he be good and I hire he . and we CUT to : int . franklin foundation office - day a pair of agent be with Shannon 's worried secretary : agent schmidt this be the entire foundation office ?. secretary in Chicago , yes . we have other office in Washington . agent schmidt and the personnel at the lab be technically employee of the foundation ? secretary that 's right . agent schmidt can you show we the personnel file ? secretary they be over here . that drawer . int . chen' apartment - day the door open and two FBI agent enter , follow by the building superintendent , who have a key to the door . the agent split up , and we follow one into the kitchen where yesterday 's dish remain in the sink , unwash . the super appear in the kitchen doorway : agent gray when 's the last time you see he ? super yesterday . agent gray what time ? super he go to work same time , everyday . Little chinese guy . always say hello . ford office Ford 's phone ring . Ford pick up : ford Ford ... yeah . okay . find he . he hang up , turn to Shannon . ford ( continue ) you Doctor chen be miss . Shannon can not fathom this ; he hold Ford 's stare with he own , he face clouding in confusion . ext . federal build - evening Eddie emerge , be immediately engulf in a shouting mob of reporter : reporter can you tell we what 's go on up there ?... Excuse I , sir ... do they have any suspect ?... be it a bomb ?... who be they talk to ? eddie I do not know anything . I be sorry . he make he way through the mob , but they have already spot someone else come out of the door : it 's lily nearly overwhelm as the horde descend a she : reporter miss , would you speak to we ?... pardon I , who be you ?... what 's happen up there ?... be this a terrorist attack ? lily I do not know ... please , let I through ... reporter do you work at the lab ?... what 's you name ?... be Dr. bucholtz dead ?... how many be kill ? lily I do not know . I do not know anything , please ... she make it to the curb , look up for a cab , find Eddie stand on the step of a bus : eddie need a ride ? the mob of microphone and camera stalk she . it only take she a split second to consider . she hop on the bus as it pull away , leave a sea of camera and microphone in its wake . and we CUT to : shot - television set a press conference , with Ford at the microphone , back up by Chicago police and a room jamme with reporter . ford we have not rule out a accident , but we investigation be proceeding on the assumption that the laboratory be sabotage ... reporter by whom ? ford we can not say at this point . rita bliss Mr. Ford , we have report that Dr. bucholtz be kill in the explosion ... ford we have a similar report . I do not want to say too much about that ... rita bliss can you tell we if he 's presume dead ? the SOUND be abruptly mute . we be in int . shannon' apartment - night as Shannon put the remote control down , pick up he phone , dial . we hear the voice answer : voice Dr. collier 's office ... shannon it 's tony Shannon for Dr. collier . voice I be sorry ... Dr. collier be en route from Chicago . shannon have he call I when he get in . he hang up , sink deeper into he couch . the remote , point it at the set : another television set as the press conference continue : ford we be look for one of the employee at the lab , Dr. lu chen ... chen 's picture appear on screen ; we be in int . lily apartment - night as lily and Eddie slump with exhaustion in set , steaming coffee cup in they hand . ford ( continue ) we would appreciate help from anyone who might know of he whereabouts ... reporter be he a suspect ? ford no . not at this time . we be simply concerned with he well be ... lily snap the tv off . he pick up front of the lily they think he do it . she rise , cross to the kitchen , enter . Eddie follow : kitchen lily be make herself busy with the dish . eddie why would he do it ? lily he would not . but he look different and he talk different and they be go to think he do it . eddie where do you think he be ? lily I do not know where he be . ( pause : something occur to she : ) you do not think he do it ... eddie no. I be not say that ... lily well what be you say ? eddie I be just wonder where he be ... lily ... because I do not know you very well . I have only be here for six month . I do not know anyone very well . my family isa million mile away ... and I be scared . tear start down she cheek . she try to wipe they away , angrily throw the sponge into the sink , push past he . lily ( continue ) I think you better go . and she disappear into she bedroom , close the door behind she . ext . STREET - newsstand - morning a bundle of papers be rip open by a news dealer . scream headline : blast mystery deepen noted Professor be Dead before explosion and just below the fold , a picture of chen : where be lu chen ? int . lily apartment - morning the phone ring once , twice ... automatically answer , begin spitting out a fax message . lily emerge from she bedroom , groggy with sleep , peer down at the income fax ... it 's in chinese . some movement across the room catch she eye , startles she : it 's Eddie , stare at she bleary eye , from the couch where he 's be sleep . lily what be you do here ? eddie I think you should not be alone . int . federal build - ford' office - day a agent scurries down the hall , carry a folder in he hand , enter Ford 's office . agent schmidt I think you better look at this . Ford be on the phone , look like he 's just swallow bad food . he hold he hand up : ford that 's all you have ?... how reliable be it ?... thanks . you better get I some paper on it . he hang up , look at the folder the agent have open a he desk . agent schmidt it 's kopek 's file . ford what about it ? agent schmidt have to leave college for disciplinary reason . Ford look up into the agent 's eye : agent schmidt ( continue ) break into a science lab after hour . apparently do some sort of experiment . he blow the hell out of the lab . I mean , maybe this be a coincidence , but Lord a'mighty ... ford I want he house searched . get hold of anybody who know he , family , friend . let 's find out about this guy . same with lily naughton . pick ‘em both up . agent schmidt lily naughton ? a nod to the phone : ford Central Intelligence have be tracking this chen guy for month . they think he 's in China . agent schmidt China : ford reported on a plane out of Vancouver yesterday . ext . riverbank - day lily and Eddie on a bench beside the river ; lily be study the fax ; she seem stunne , in shock : lily this be a lie ... eddie what do you mean ? lily it have chen 's name on it , but it 's not from chen . eddie how do you know ? lily it use a vernacular he could not speak . eddie what do it say ? lily it say I should join he . it say the information be in safe hand . eddie join he where ? lily in China . she fold the fax , put it in she pocket . she can barely say the word : lily ( continue ) I be be frame . silence as Eddie try to make sense of this . she turn to he . lily ( continue ) look , you do not know I . there 's no reason for you to believe I ... eddie I do believe you . lily ... I do not know anything about this . this be not chen ... I do not know who send this ... she rise , start walk away , quickly . eddie ( continue ) lily : lily do not follow I : please do not follow I . eddie lily , I believe you : she wheel , continue on , practically run . Eddie have to sprint after she . eddie ( continue ) lily ! wait ... he catch she , turn she to he , she 's quaking with fear : int . eddie ( continue ) lily , you have to trust somebody . it might as well be I . franklin foundation office - conference room - day Ford and another agent have Shannon under fire : ford you know this kid have be throw out of school ? shannon he resign . ford under pressure , would not you say ? shannon there be some pressure , yeah . ford kid practically blow down a science building ... shannon it be a interesting experiment . it might have work . ford how do you know about it ? shannon I be on the science faculty at the time . ford why do not you tell we about it yesterday ? shannon I do not think it be relevant . ford you do not see some small connection here ? shannon no . ford Mr. Shannon , I get something here that do not smell right . I get a big bang in the middle of the night . I get a professor dead . CIA tell I chen might be involved in espionage . this kopek guy have a past that make I nervous . all the thread run right back to you ... int . eddie' house - workshop - day con poke through the workshop , open drawer , peer into container . agent Schmidt be oversee the work : agent schmidt any explosive , any fire accelerant , anything at all ... be creative ... a voice come from upstairs : voice ( 0.s. ) Jim ... you better get up here . Schmidt climb the stair ... eddie' bedroom Schmidt enter with agent Gray ; a couple of cop be in the bedroom , pull apart the bedding , the drawer in Eddie 's bureau . agent schmidt what have you get ? Gray lead he to a small black bag , which they have take from Eddie 's closet . he hoist the bag onto the bed , open it : bag stuff with money . agent schmidt where would you find it ? agent gray back of the closet . under a pile of old clothes . agent schmidt how much ? Gray stand scratch he beard , estimate ... int . franklin foundation - conference room - day the secretary open the door , poke she head in : secretary Mr. Ford ? a call for you . Ford pick up the phone : ford Ford ... ( pause ) okay . I want he . get every fuck cop in the city . he hang up , turn to Shannon : ford ( continue ) you know anybody who would put fifty thousand dollar in a black bag and give it to you Mr. kopek ? ext . STREET - night Shannon drive through rush hour traffic ... ext . shannon' apartment build - night ... and pull into the underground parking facility as across the STREET a unmark city car pull into a parking space and stop . the driver watch as Shannon 's car disappear into the garage ... int . shannon' apartment huilding - parking garage - night Shannon park he car in he usual spot , emerge , cross toward the elevator . it 's dark and a little spooky in the garage . Shannon hear footstep come from somewhere - the echoe confuse he . he stop , turn : no one behind he . he continue , be startle by two figure step from behind a pillar ; it 's eddie and lily wait for he . eddie tony we need some help . someone 's try to frame lily . shannon what do you mean ? eddie she get a fax , supposedly from chen . it 's not from chen . it make she look like she 's involved in this ... shannon what do you know about the bag , Eddie ? eddie what bag ? shannon the cop find one in you closet . stuff with cash . now it 's Eddie 's turn to be shocked : eddie I do not know anything about it . shannon think , Eddie ! could someone have leave it there ? be it someone else 's ? eddie no . no one 's be in my place ... I do not know anything about a bag : lily oh , Jesus : what 's happen : Shannon let out a breath : shannon alright , listen . I believe you . I believe you both . I do not know what 's happen , but I be go to find out . I know some people who might know the answer . but for now , you be both in danger . they have get half the police in Chicago look for you . do you have someplace to go ? eddie I have friend ... shannon no good . they will know you friend . how about you , lily ? lily not here . shannon Friends here be no good . how about someplace else ? she think : lily yes . shannon can you get there ? how much money do you have ? he 's already reach for he wallet . shannon ( continue ) give I some time . then call I , I be go to do what I can . there 's a car park outside , a cop . he 's follow I . wait five minute before you go . he turn to go , then stop : shannon ( continue ) be careful . we be gonna get to the bottom of this . int . lily apartment - night ... as cop ' rifle through lily 's thing . in the silence , she phone ring , once , twice . the cop stop , listen : lily 's answer machine pick up , but instead of a voice on the other end , the machine begin printing a fax . one , of the cop walk over , stare at the income message : cop what the hell be this ? it 's chinese ... ext . shannon' apartment build - night Shannon emerge ; hurry away , pull he coat up around he face as if try to hide . cop in the unmark car opposite , watch . he get out , follow Shannon at a discreet distance . eddie and lily . watch as the cop follow Shannon . then they move quickly on foot out of the garage and down the block in the opposite direction . int . drug store - night Shannon enter , pick up a paper , scan the headline : seek two in southside blast picture of Eddie and lily on the front page . Shannon step into a phone booth , dial . wait . shannon Dr. collier , please ... it 's tony Shannon . voice ( v.o. ) one moment . collier ( v.o. ) hello . shannon what the fuck be go on ? int . collier' WASHINGTON office - night collier sit in the semi darkness behind a huge desk . collier you tell I . you have get termite in you house . I think you better get back here . shannon ( v.o. ) be you leave it up to I ? collier no . int . bar - night lily be on the payphone . lily eight fifteen ... thank you . she hang up . she cross to Eddie at the bar , sit beside he . lily ( continue ) there 's a 8:15 to madison . he speak without look at she : eddie meet you there . get out of here . he rise , head to the men' room . she watch he , uncomprehend , until she see a guy down the bar with the newspaper , casually study the two of they , look at the picture on the front page . he turn , watch as Eddie pass to the men' room . when he turn back to lily , she 's already go . ext . bar - night lily hail a cab , enter . int . cab - night lily Union Station . cabbie yes , ma'am . he pull away . int . bar - night Eddie emerge from the men' room , move past the man with the paper , exit . the man stuff he paper under he arm , follow Eddie to the door . ext . bar - night the man with the paper watch as Eddie melt into the crowd on the street . he seem unsure , be about to be - enter the bar , when a police car pass slowly . man with paper hey : he flag the car down , cross , stick he head in the window and say something to the cop drive . ext . michigan avenue - night Eddie move through the crowd . it 's rush hour and the sidewalk be jamme with people buttone up against the icy blast . a sudden noise startles he and we CUT to a squad car southbound on the Avenue make a scream u-turn across six lane of traffic , and slide to a halt at the curb . two cop lump out and scan the scene . Eddie try to disappear into the crowd . cop have spot he . Eddie break into a run , but the sidewalk be too crowded . he dart into the street , run south into oncoming traffic , dodging taxi like a break field runner . the cop be in pursuit , chase he down the middle of the street . in the distance be the sound of approaching siren . then he hear another noise - the deep bellow of a ship' horn , and the clang clang of the traffic barricade come down on the bridge ahead . he turn : there be squad car inbound on both side street . he 's cut off . no choice but to make for the bridge . the bridge be already in motion as Eddie slide under the crossing arm and leap onto the deck . one of the pursue cop be right behind he . Eddie scramble up the tilting incline , slip and slide on the icy surface . the cop be not do any better . desperately , Eddie work he way over to the side rail . he use it like a ladder to claw he way up . the cop be in reach . he grab for Eddie - manage a grip a Eddie 's shoe ! cop for just the briefest moment , the cop and Eddie hang together - they eye meet - and in the cop 's agonize expression we can see that he 's slip ... slip ... until he grip release and he crash onto the sidewalk below . int . bridge control tower - night the bridge tender move to the window . he can not believe he eye . there 's a man climb up the side rail . the tender lunge for the brake lever ... ext . bridge - night Eddie make it to the lip of the rise bascule - now eight storey above the pavement - just as it shudder to a halt . it nearly shake he loose . cling by he finger , he grip the steel edge of the spar ... he look down and see a half dozen cop , gun draw , shouting at he from the pavement below . int . bridge control tower - night two cop come pound up the step , enter the tower . sergeant how do we get he down ? tender I dunno . we move it and well shake he loose ... sergeant alright , do not move it . ( into he radio : ) where the hell 's the goddam boat ? tender who be he ? second cop the guy who blow up the lab . tender Jesus ! he peer out at Eddie . and we CUT to : eddie cling to the top of the span , barely able to hold a in the icy wind . as he look up , he find himself stare into the window of the skyscraper border Michigan Avenue , now fill with spectator who suddenly find themselves with front row seat for the unexpected drama , they face awash in the red and blue light from the police and emergency vehicle below . Eddie manage a toe-hold on the side rail . with a final effort , he inch up on top of the bridge . he look down : cop have gather on Michigan Avenue . on the other side of the raise roadway be the open mouth of the lower level - and the icy river , 100 foot below . and in the window , nearly at he own level , a secretary hold a message she have scrawle : call I : ( 312 ) 555-9795 Marie a sudden blind light from below , and we CUT to : STREET where a tv crew have set up for business . behind they , a crowd gather , face turn upward like a field of sunflower . ext . chicago river - night a police boat slow to maneuver speed as it approach the open span . on the afterdeck , one officer talk into he radio as two other man adjust they fin and wet suit . officer Marine three - five . we get two diver on deck . int . bridge control tower - night sergeant copy , three - five . he look up at Eddie , brilliantly light against the black : sergeant ( continue ) alright , bring he down . slowly . the tender move to he machinery . ext . bridge - night the bridge shudder . Eddie be throw off balance . ext . michigan avenue - night as cop and the tv crew look on , Eddie teeter , then disappear . a horrify gasp from the crowd as eddie fall , grab a pipe run from the upper to the lower level and slide down it like a fireman . cop on Michigan Avenue scatter to the side rail to see if he hit the water . bridge Eddie land on the lower level footbridge . he lose he foot and begin to slide down the steep incline - straight for the grind gear of the bridge mechanism . desperately claw at the side rail , he try to catch himself before he 's catch in the churn gear . but he can not hang on . int . bridge machinery room - night the immense gear interlock , mesh together like the working of a giant clock . it look like time have run out as Eddie fall into the machinery ... int . bridge control tower - night the tender grab the brake lever ... int . bridge machinery room - night ... and the bridge shudder to a halt . several cop rush into the concrete chamber that house the bridge mechanism . shine they light into the gear , they search for Eddie - but there 's no sign of he . the cop be mystify . int . union station - night lily enter , cross toward the ticket booth : lily the eight fifteen to madison . ticket agent how many ? lily one . lily turn , see a pair of cop strolling through the station , scan the crowd . she peer up at the clock : clock it 's a few minute past eight . she turn back to the ticket agent . lily ( continue ) you better make that two .. ext . bridge counterweight - night the shadow of the bridge structure work in Eddie 's favor as he inch along a beam set into the face of the gigantic concrete counterweight . below he - one false step away - be the empty blackness of the dry well . on the other side , cop be shouting at each other . as they flashlight play across he , he suck himself into the channel of a I - beam , and try not to look down . int . bridge control tower - night Ford come pound up the step , join the tender and the two cop . ford ( show he badge ) FBI , sergeant . where be he ? sergeant damned if I know . ford let 's get the bridge down and find he . tender if he 's down there in the machinery , we will squash he like a bug . ford what do you suggest ? tender I only work here . ford take it down . int . bridge superstructure - night wedge between two steel beam , Eddie be sweat bullet as the cop sweep the area around he . suddenly , the alarm bell sound and the whirr and grind of machinery start again . the bridge be move . Wide eye , Eddie realize that the two beam he 's sandwich between be close in on he . a cop be right beside he , nearly close enough to touch . Eddie be trap . at last , the cop move on and Eddie ease clear at the last second . he look up . there be a narrow gap between the roadway and the bridge but it 's close fast . he make a leap - catch the edge of the bridge - and slither through the open as it close like a ponderous guillotine . ext . bridge - lower level - night emerging like a gopher onto the lower level roadway , Eddie slide under the first car in line . he catch he breath and look around . there be cop all over the place , but none right on top of he . move on knee and elbow , he slither on down the line under the next car and the next . int . union station - night lily steal another nervous glance at the clock : eight ten . two cop be approach . she turn to a old woman nearby , slip she arm through the woman 's arm : lily do you mind walk I to my train ? I get so nervous when I have to travel . old woman aw , nothin ' to it . come on . where we goin ' ? lily oh , thank you . I be sucha goose . she bury she face in the woman 's shoulder and move past the cop . ext . lower . michigan avenue - night the bridge be be seal off and the cop be frantically clear the area . a city salt truck idling in line be finally able to back up : cop okay , move it , move it : the driver slam it in gear and as it trundle past , we see the tarp on top of the load have a extra hump . and it 's alive . int . union station - night the clock hand leap to eight fifteen . we hear the announcer : announcer final call for the eight fifteen to madison . eddie come run into the station , move through the crowd , nearly knock down a red cap with a load of luggage as the train begin to move , silently ... eddie where 's the train to madison ? redcap track nine , but you too late . go ahead , run . Eddie run . ahead , chat casually , watch the train , be the two cop . no way for Eddie to make it past they . the train be gather speed . Eddie slow , begin walk , casually , try to hide he face . it 's agonizing . the train be simply outgain he , pull away . the cop scan the platform area ... Eddie stop . nothing to do now but watch the train depart . it be move further away , out of reach . and suddenly , the train stop , brake hiss , the car jouncing together noisily . the cop be on the alert . they hurry to the train just as the conductor alight onto the platform , turn , and help the old woman off the train . cop what 's the trouble ? conductor have the wrong train . St. Louis be track seven , ma'am . and the cop watch as the old woman make she way across the platform . the spot where Eddie be stand be now vacant . int . train - night lily sit alone , stare at the two ticket in she hand as the conductor make he way down the aisle toward she . there be a voice behind she . it 's Eddie : eddie this seat take ? he sit beside she . ext . train - night the train plow through the night landscape . and we CUT to : ext . madison train station - night a taxi swing around in a wide arc , illuminate the madison sign in it 's beam , then pull away . ext . madison road - night the taxi approach a oddly shape building , pull up in front and stop , its light illuminate a sign say " observatory " . Eddie and lily emerge , cross to the building and enter . int . madison ohservatory - hall - night Hall light be on , but most of the office be dark . Eddie and lily move down the hallway , come upon the night watchman , doze at he desk . lily Excuse I ... I be look for maggie horner . he blink awake . watchman might try the door down at the end of the hall , around the corner . he point . watch as Eddie and lily follow he direction . then he settles back in he chair and close he eye again . int . observatory room - night Eddie and lily enter . a huge telescope dominate the room , at the base of which , a single seat be occupy by a woman ( maggie ) in she late twenty , wear bib overall , she eye glue to the telescope sight . lily maggie ? maggie hold on . she make note on a board she hold on she lap . lily maggie ... maggie finally turn , annoyed , be startle to see lily : maggie Jesus H. Christ ! the board slip to the floor . she leap from the seat , throw she arm around lily . maggie ( continue ) how do you get here ? lily we take the train . maggie , this be Eddie . maggie look from one to the other . maggie it 's bullshit , be not it . the whole thing . you guy have nothing to do with what 's go on . lily nothing at all . maggie I know it . you be be frame . lily oh , maggie , thank god for you . maggie everybody get frame . oswald , the rosenbergs , alger hiss , it 's nothing to be ashamed of . lily we be not ashamed . maggie you watch , they be gonna catch the unabomber . some poor sonofabitch . I have be call you all night ... Eddie interrupt : eddie Calling where ? maggie Calling lily ... eddie do you leave you name ? on the machine ? maggie well , yeah ... my name , my number ... why ? she can tell from the look on they face she 's do something wrong , but she do not know what it be . ext . dulle airport - night a jetliner land . we CUT to : int . dulle airport - night as passenger emerge through the gangway , Shannon among they . a neatly dress young man call he name : young man Mr. Shannon ? I be you driver . they move off together . int . observatory - equipment room - night a warehouse , but it might be a museum - stack with obsolete gear from various physics and astronomy lab . the door open and maggie enter , with lily and Eddie trail . maggie I think you will be alright in here . there 's a sofa against the wall . the grad student use it for nap . maggie watch Eddie as he wander into the room , peer at the odd collection . maggie turn to lily , whisper : maggie ( continue ) be you sleep with he ? lily no . maggie why not ? lily Jesus , maggie . maggie he 's cute . lily I have not notice . maggie you have not notice ? lily maggie , somebody be try to wreck my life ! Excuse I if I have not have time to work it into my dating habit . maggie you do not have any dating habit . a look from lily . maggie ( continue ) there 's only one sofa . lily we will work something out . maggie too bad . ext . virginia safe house - night a black government sedan pull into the driveway and toward the white frame house set back from the road . as the car near the house , a sensor register its presence , bathing the house and surround area in high intensity light , revealing three other car park nearby . Shannon emerge from the car , enter the house . int . virginia safe house - live room - night Shannon enter . collier be there to greet he . collier hello , tony . good flight ? shannon good enough . . collier you know Art bentley from Intelligence . this be Paul Ryan from d.o.d and Arthur coburn from State . Three man nod hellos . collier ( continue ) you know the drill . we have to log you in . he offer Shannon a standard form , which Shannon read quickly and sign under the gaze of the other . he look up when he 's do : shannon what 's up ? collier better have a seat . Shannon sit on the sofa . collier ( continue ) the short of it be you have a leak . we think the chinese government have chen 's family back in shanghai . they put the squeeze on he and he break . Shannon absorb this without a flicker : shannon when ? collier early on , from all we can tell . shannon who else ? collier we think miss naughton . maybe Eddie kopek . shannon impossible . collier you be close to he . shannon I hire he . bentley we be check on he , tony . it could be they set he up . planted the money . shannon why ? bentley we be guess . maybe to hide naughton and chen . collier we need he . shannon you have get half the know universe look for he . collier tony , we have reason to believe they can not get the damned thing work . we think they be miss a piece of the puzzle . it 's possible kopek have it . maybe it 's naughton . maybe both . if it 's true , then they like look for he , too . coburn if the FBI get he , it will be on Ted koppel by nightfall . we be in a very sensitive situation with the chinese government . the bureau want to make it public . shannon fuck the chinese . they be steal secret . coburn when the time come , we will fuck the chinese . shannon why do not you just call the bureau off ? collier they would look bad , they would never go quietly . we would have a lot of explain to do . what kind of guy be this kopek ? shannon do not underestimate he . collier smart enough to keep the bureau out of he hair ? shannon I do not know . if he 's that smart , he 's also smart enough to keep you out of he hair . collier we have a advantage . shannon what 's that ? collier we have you . int . observatory - equipment room - night lily lie on the couch , Eddie on a makeshift arrangement on the floor nearby . eddie lily ? you awake ? lily yes. eddie do you have the fax from chen ? lily why ? eddie let I see it . lily you want to brush up on you chinese ? and we CUT to : int . observatory - hallway - night the watchman be make he round , check door . equipment room Eddie be study the fax , lily kneel beside he . eddie there 's a fax number here . lily what about it ? eddie so let 's find out where it come from . lily you mean send a fax ? eddie no. whoever send the fax from chen would know exactly where we be . some other way . lily think . lily I send E mail to China all the time . I could ask somebody to check the number . she peer at Eddie . New find warmth in she voice : lily ( continue ) you do believe I . he put he hand to she mouth , hush she ; they listen as the watchman 's footstep ring just beyond the door . the door handle turn , but it 's lock . the watchman 's footstep fade down the hall , and lily breathes at last . ext . maggie' house - morning a small , frame house , snowbound but for the neatly shovele walk , on the grounds of the observatory . maggie emerge , she arm load down with old clothes , a coffee cup in she hand , a newspaper stuff under she arm . she cross toward the observatory . int . observatory - hall - morning maggie enter . the watchman from the night before be still there . maggie hi , George . you still here ? watchman Frank go ice fishing . do a double shift . you have some visitor last night . he eye the clothes , the coffee cup . maggie take a gulp of coffee . maggie yeah . I do . a old ... friend . from graduate school . watchman that today 's paper ? maggie yeah . I will let you have it when I be finish . see ya . int . observatory - equipment room - morning maggie enter , waking Eddie and lily . she dump the clothes on a counter . maggie I bring you a change of clothes . eddie what for ? she toss he the morning paper ; Eddie scan the headline : " dragnet for blast suspect widen ' maggie they have get a pretty good description of what you guy be wear . lily maggie , we need to send some E mail . maggie take a second to think : maggie Student Union . ext . observatory - day maggie 's beat - up plymouth be stick in the snow and ice . she be behind the wheel , Eddie and lily push , but it 's no use . the watchman approach , call : watchman need a hand ? maggie ( under she breath : ) shit. ( cheerily : ) would you ? George , this be my friend Mary and ... and John . he cross to the rear of the car . watchman which one be Mary ? just kid . let 's give 'er the ol ' heave ho . the three of they put they shoulder to the car , and it slowly frees itself from the mush . watchman ( continue ) there you be . where you head , miss horner ? maggie the Union . watchman oh , how about that paper ? maggie oh , the paper . I will get youa new one . she wave and pull away . the watchman return to the observatory , just as a campus police car pull up at the door . campus cop hiya , George . look for Margaret horner . watchman just miss she . there 's a federal agent in the seat beside he . he hand two photo to the watchman : agent have you see this people ? photo Eddie and lily . ext . student union - day awash in student , come and go . in the parking area outside , a half dozen charter bus sit idling in the frigid air . int . student union - computer CENTER - day row of personal computer : maggie and lily sit at one of , they , wait for a response . Eddie be a short way off , peer out of the window at the bus . maggie ( whisper : ) how would it go ? lily now do what go ? she look computer maggie last night . lily I think we should split up . maggie ( appal : ) why ? lily because they be look for two people . maggie oh. yeah . up , see Eddie in he change clothes : maggie ( continue ) God , he look great in tweed , do not he ? begin printing out the response to lily 's E mail ; it 's in chinese . lily stare at the message , dumbfounded , as Eddie cross to they . she look eddie what do it say ? lily it say the fax number be assign to a personal residence in Beijing . eddie what residence ? up , peer into he face before she answer : lily the United States military attaché . int . student union - hallway - day a bank of pay phone in a busy hallway . maggie be at one of the phone , Eddie and lily hover nearby . maggie Anthony Shannon , please ... int . shannon' chicago office - day Shannon 's secretary on the phone , as we intercut : secretary I be afraid he 's not here . who may I say be call ? maggie it 's personal ... the secretary look up at FBI agent Schmidt , sit beside some fancy electronic gear , listen in . he shrug . secretary he 's in Washington . would you like I to transfer the call ? maggie yes . Schmidt peer down at he gear , casually : the number on maggie 's phone appear . ext . student union - day a half dozen police car pull up outside the union , disgorge officer ... int . student union - day meanwhile , maggie await the transfer ; she whisper to Eddie : maggie he 's in Washington ... eddie Washington ! WASHINGTON secretary ( v.0 . ) Mr. Shannon 's office . maggie Anthony Shannon , please . WASHINGTON secretary ( v.0 . ) who 's call ? maggie it 's personal . WASHINGTON secretary ( v.0 . ) can you hold , please ? maggie hold as police enter the union , begin fan out . we CUT to : int . shannon' chicago office - day as agent Schmidt listen into the transfer call and we CUT to : int . shannon' WASHINGTON office - day as Shannon pick up a telephone : it be attach to a electronic device , and when Shannon speak ... shannon tony Shannon ... ... the phone on agent schmidt squawk and emit a pure digital static that make Schmidt wince and we CUT to : int . student union - day as maggie leave the booth and hand the phone to Eddie , who enter : eddie it 's Eddie . shannon Eddie ! where be you ? eddie I be in madison . listen , this be crazy : the fax from chen come from the US embassy in Beijing ... he look out of the phone booth at a hallway full of cop : shannon be you secure ? eddie no. I be not . shannon Eddie , listen to I carefully . we be gonna pick you up . stay where you be ... the last of the cop pass , head down the hall . eddie I can not stay where I be . I will come to you . he hang up as shannon be leave hang : shannon Eddie ? int . student union - day Eddie have lily by the hand , lead she quickly down the hall in the opposite direction of the cop , maggie hustling beside they . through the door to the outside , we can see two cop and the FBI agent we see at the observatory take up position where they can keep a eye on the entrance . maggie lily , wait . let I help . try that bus . she hug Eddie ; then she hug lily : maggie ( continue ) good luck . do not be such a jerk . and she 's out the door . ext . student union - day maggie emerge , cross to the cop : maggie Excuse I ... you know that people in the paper this morning ? agent yes ? maggie I be maggie horner . I think they just snuck out the back way . eddie and lily watch this from they vantage point just inside the entrance . maggie point down the walk lead away from the union , then follow as the cop and the agent head off in that direction . and then , Eddie and lily burst through the door ... ext . student union - day ... and cross rapidly toward the bus . a young man dress incongruously in a raccoon coat and a straw boater stand before a bus door with a clipboard in he hand . he grin as he see Eddie and lily approach : racoon coat Mr. findlay ? eddie ( think quickly ) yes . racoon coat ( check off a name ) you be the last . get right on . Eddie and lily climb the bus stair . and now we see the placard in the window : young republican club of wisconsin . racoon coat ( continue ) Excuse I ... be there two of you ? eddie yeah . this be Mrs. findlay . racoon coat oh . I do not realize you be both come . eddie last minute thing . racoon coat no problem . delighted to have you both ... and as they turn into the bus , the man stop they again : racoon coat ( continue ) um ... excuse I . you have only pay for one ticket . eddie oh , sorry . how much be it ? he fumble for he wallet : racoon coat well you have already pay for the room . that will be another ninety dollar . eddie the room . racoon coat at the lodge , yes . do you want separate room ?. lily of course not . she slip she arm through Eddie 's . racoon coat that include meal , of course . Eddie peer into he wallet . eddie will you take sixty on account ? I will have to get to a cash machine . racoon coat oh ... what the heck . we be all Republicans . they board the bus , and the man in the raccoon coat wave as the driver pull away . and as he head for the union , a man come run through the parking lot , lug a pair of boot and skis . it be , of course , poor findlay , desperately out of breath : findlay where 's the bus ? racoon coat just leave . findlay goddamit : I pay for my ticket . racoon coat who be you ? findlay Jack findlay . raccoon coat turn and peer after the bus , now too far away to hail . then he turn back to findlay , as if something have just occur to he : racoon coat Mr. findlay ... do you know where you wife be ? ext . franklin foundation - WASHINGTON office - day a government sedan pull up in front of a handsome town house . agent Ford emerge from the car , along with a driver . they cross to the entrance . we CUT to : shot - file folder as it drop on a elegantly polished desk . ford the Franklin Foundation 's file at the IRS . shall I tell you what 's in it ? we be in int . franklin foundation - shannon' office - day Shannon be at he desk , the file in front of he . Ford stand before he as the other agent sit . ford you funding come from a number of different source . but when the check be cashed , they end up at the same bank . in classified account . why do you suppose that be ? shannon I could not say . Shannon light he cigar . Ford drop a second file on top of the first . ford you resume . very impressive . leave out one important thing . shannon which be ? ford which be who pay you salary . shannon and who would that be ? ford well , now , that 's where it get interesting . I have a friend at langley who tell I they pay you salary . shannon that be interesting . have to check into that myself . a deep drag on the cigar , a cloud of smoke . ford a man might be forgiven for conclude that you foundation be a front for the people at langley as well . Mr. Shannon , do I need to tell you that interfere with a federal investigation be a crime ? shannon I know the law , Mr. Ford . ford then perhaps you would like to share a little information with we . shannon such as ? ford such as what 's go on here . shannon I have no idea . I would tell you if I do . Ford lean over , until he be practically nose to nose with Shannon . ford alright . I be go to do you the favor of be frank with you . this people be suspect in crime of murder and espionage . I be gonna find they . if it turn out you and you friend at langley be try to get in my way , I will fry you ass so bad you will never sit down again . he gather up the folder and leave Shannon puffing on he cigar . ext . student union - day findlay and the raccoon coat be study photo of lily and Eddie . two cop and the agent await they judgment . racoon coat that 's they . agent they get on the bus ? racoon coat just before it pull out . agent where 's it go ? racoon coat Lake geneva . they oughta be there pretty soon . ext . ski lodge - day the bus pull into the parking area and stop . the Republicans alight and head for the registration desk Eddie and lily among they . lily what do we do now ? eddie we be the findlay . we do whatever they would do . lily which be ? eddie I do not know . I think we register . and we CUT to : shot - registration card already make out to Jack findlay . we be in int . ski lodge lobby - day and there be bedlam at the desk as the busload of Republicans register . the clerk be eyeing lily : clerk I be sorry sir , we have you down for a single . a helpful Republican ( maxwell ) offer : maxwell would you like my double ? eddie no , it 's alright . he 's already signing the card . maxwell it 's no bother , really . my wife could not make it . my name 's maxwell . eddie ( read of the registration : ) Jack findlay . maxwell Jack findlay ? that 's strange . I know a Jack findlay . he be suppose to come on this trip . lily oh , that 's the other Jack findlay . Eddie have see something outside : p.o.v. a state police car pull up to the entrance , light flash . and another . and another . maxwell there 's two Jack findlay ? lily we be the pro choice findlay . eddie Excuse I . he take lily by the arm , begin walk she toward the rear of the lobby . clerk Mr. findlay ? you key : but Eddie and lily be already run ... ext . ski lodge - rear - day ... out of the back entrance and down through the snow , to the lake where a half dozen ice boat skim along under the brisk wind . lily where be you go ? eddie I do not know : they reach the freeze lake just as a man have finish rigging he ice boat for a sail . Eddie turn , see the cop emerge from the entrance behind he . he shout at the boater : eddie ( continue ) hey : the cop be look for you ! boater what for ? eddie I do not know . they be pretty steam . shall I hold you boat ? the boater watch as the police come run down through the snow , shouting and point . boater what the hell ... Eddie take the boat as the boater cross toward the advance cop . he shout : boater ( continue ) I can not hear you ! and when he turn , he be shocked to see Eddie and lily on he boat , sailing for the opposite shore . boater ( continue ) hey ! come back here ! eddie and lily on the boat , sailing . the boat be pick up speed , bounce from side to side . they can barely hold on : lily do you know what you be do ? eddie I sail a boat once . lily a ice boat ? eddie no. gotta be the same thing , right ? the boat nearly tip over , slide crablike across the slick expanse of ice . then it spin , lose the wind as two police car move down the pack snow beside the lodge and onto the ice . lily they be come ! Eddie manage to fill the sail , and the boat take off again . lily ( continue ) look out ! a fishing shanty loom ahead . a ice fisherman emerge , see the ice boat come , barely under control , he eye widen as it wooshes past the shanty ... ... and spin out of control . Eddie manage to regain the wind and he take off again , head back toward the shanty . the fisherman watch dumbfounded as the boat seem bent on attack ... but Eddie manage to avoid a collision just as one of the police car come roaring along the ice , narrowing the distance ... ... Eddie swerve , the boat careen on one runner , narrowly miss the police car and the cop hit the brake , the car do a spin 360 and wiping out the shanty in a explosion of board and fishing tackle . fisherman goddam sonofabitch ! eddie and lily be now in the center of the lake , run before the wind , but behind they , the second police car be make headway along the ice , narrowing the distance between they . lily have to shout to be hear : lily I be freezing ! eddie I , too . he aim the boat toward the opposite shore line , approach rapidly , but suddenly a second ice boat barrel along a a perpendicular tack be bear down on they . lily Eddie ! he see the boat just in time to yank he rudder hard , send he own boat into a spin and clipping the other boat with a sicken craaccckk !!!... eddie' boat be miss a runner , now , tip at a odd angle , slide toward a snowbank on the far edge of the lake , spin , grind a path across the ice with a painful shriek ... ... and dump Eddie and lily into the snowbank . silence for a long moment as the police car spin it 's wheel against the slick ice , make progress toward the wreck boat and at last lily rise , take Eddie by he arm , almost drag he through the snow , away from the lake . and they run . behind they , the cop in the second car realize too late he 's head for a ice fisherman 's large hole . he pump he brake , the nose of the car dip , and then drift slowly and inevitably into the hole . up go the back wheel , spin uselessly in mid air . ext . forest - day Eddie and lily run . but the snow be deep and they be exhaust , and the track they leave show how impossible it be to keep to a straight line . lily stumble , fall . they be both fight for breath . lily wait ... it be a long moment before they can speak . lily ( continue ) this be insane ... a sudden crack through the tree , a rifle shot , splintering wood near by and the two of they be off again , scramble ... lily racing through the tree , a look of terror a she face now . and Eddie call : eddie lily ! he be burrow into the snow , make a cave . he grab she , force she down into the hole , scurries in behind she , then bring a pile of snow down to cover the entrance . ina flash they be invisible . and we hear footstep and heavy breathing ; it be a moment before two hunter appear , slogging through the snow , rifle at the ready . hunter # 1 you sure it be a buck ? hunter # 2 hadda be . Big ol ' hairy sonofabitch . and as they move a into the wood , we CUT to eddy and lily stuff like rabbit in a cozy hole , they nose inch away , peer into each other ' eye . int . cosmos club - evening a old - boy club ( and now , old - girl , too ) at cocktail time : stuff chair , deep carpet , white coat waiter serve drink . a woman ( florence ) enter , attractive , about 50 , pause briefly as she search for someone , then cross to shannon sit in a easy chair . he rise with a smile , kiss she cheek . shannon I swear you get more beautiful every time I set eye on you . she sit . florence liar . shannon . it 's the truth . florence it 's okay , the lie will do . shannon what be you drink ? florence the usual . he call the waiter over : shannon bourbon and soda . florence that be a test . shannon shame on you . florence I have be read about you . shannon I suspect you have . florence what 's go on ? shannon I need some help , flo . florence and I think this be purely social . shannon I wish it be . florence I , too . shannon chinese physicist by the name of chen lu florence the miss chen ... shannon ..and he assistant , lily naughton . collier 's be tracking they . florence collier : be he involved in this ? shannon I need to find out what he know . florence he know everything . he 's kiss every important butt in Washington . shannon I have get egg on my face , flo . I find chen . I bring he here from China . florence I will do what I can . be careful of collier . he will not play with you unless he can keep you ball in a jar by the door . Shannon grin : shannon I like to take mine with I . florence I would not mind hold they myself . ext . summer house - night nestled in among the tree , board up and close for winter . int . summer house - night the SOUND of breaking glass , and then a hand reach in through a break window and unlock the door . Eddie and lily enter . sheet shroud the furniture , match the cool white landscape visible through the window in the moonlight . lily shiver violently . Eddie grab a blanket that 's be use as a cover for a chair , wrap lily in it . she 's make involuntary sound , she tooth chatter , she whole body shaking . he rub she back , put he arm around she . eddie come on , lie down . she do . Eddie go down with she , hold she tightly to himself , whisper in she ear : eddie ( continue ) shhh ... it 's okay ... you be okay now ... she 's weep from cold and fatigue , but gradually she shiver stop ... later lily have calm down and warm up . she lie beside Eddie , wrap tightly in she blanket . in the dark , they speak in near whisper : lily can we stay here ? eddie they will have the dog and chopper out by daylight . we have get to get to Shannon . lily it 's too dangerous . eddie it 's we only chance . lily Eddie , the fax come from the embassy ... whoever 's involved in this be in Washington . eddie he 's the only one who can help we . lily you trust he . eddie yeah . silence . lily I do not trust anyone . I think I trust you . eddie he 's like my dad , lily . after my dad die , he give I a job . he make I go back to school . he believe in I . lily I hope you be right . eddie get some sleep . ext . shannon be house - WASHINGTON - night a secluded house on a quiet , suburban street . a light burn in the bedroom . int . shannon be house - bedroom - night a phone ring on Shannon 's nightstand . Shannon pick up : shannon tony Shannon . florence ( v.0 . ) tony , it 's flo . be you secure ? shannon yes . florence ( v.0 . ) I have check on collier for you . he 's off the reservation . shannon what 's go on ? int . bar - night Florence be at a pay phone : florence I do not know . the chen story be a fake . langley be never tracking he . same with the naughton woman . shannon ( v.o. ) what else ? florence that 's all I have . silence from Shannon . then : shannon ( v.o. ) thanks , flo. florence be careful . she hang up . and we CUT to : shannon sit a he bed . Rolling he unlit cigar through he finger . int . summer house - night lily be asleep on the sofa . a hand reach down , touch she shoulder gently . she waken with a start , blink she eye open : it 's Eddie . eddie sorry ... we have to go . lily what 's the matter ? eddie Sun will be up in a hour . and we CUT to : ext . wood road - night running light from a chevy pick up cut a path through the wood ... int . pick up truck - night ... as Eddie drive , lily in the seat beside he . lily how would you get it start ? eddie . everybody know how to do that in my neighborhood . lily and gas ? eddie drain the lawnmower . lily we be criminal , now . eddie you be sleep . ext . country road - night the truck emerge from the wood , pass along a bluff with a commanding view of the countryside . eddie' p.o.v. down the bluff , we can see squad car park a the road lead away from the wood : a road block . eddie I be afraid of that . they will be all over this wood by sun up . lily be study a road map from the glove compartment . lily if the lake be that way , there 's a freeway this way . they would not block the freeway , would they ? eddie good point . lily I do not see how we get there . eddie as the crow fly . he swing the truck around , turn off the road and into a farm lane , and we CUT to : ext . police staging area - dawn the sky be just light enough to make out the state police car , unmark black sedan , and police chopper at the ready . a dozen cop and FBI agent prowl among the vehicle as the chopper rise like giant bird , head toward the wood area atop the bluff ... ext . farm field - dawn the truck come bounce over the field , through the corn stalk , turn down a tractor lane and pull up to a snow fence separate the farm field from a freeway , just up a short rise on the other side . int . truck - dawn Eddie put the truck in gear : eddie buckle up . and hold on to you hat . he back the truck up for a run start , gun the engine , and head directly for the fence ... fence closer , closer ... and suddenly the fence shatter with the impact of the truck slip and slide now , into the icy ditch that collect the runoff from the rise lead to the freeway . Eddie try to force he way through , but it 's no use , the wheel be spin against the snow and slush . they be stick . int . chopper - dawn the chopper be cruise the wood , peer down onto the rooftop of the summer home , one of which Eddie and lily have just leave . Fresh tire track through the newly fall snow catch the eye of the chopper pilot . he speak into the radio : pilot chopper one ... we have get some tire track ... ext . truck - day Eddie be push , try to get the pick up unstuck . lily be behind the wheel . eddie give she some gas ! she floor it . eddie ( continue ) not so much ! let it rock a little ... she try again . no luck . int . chopper - dawn follow the tire track as they veer off the road and into a farm field . pilot chopper one ... we get something ' goin ' on here ... ext . truck - dawn Eddie be strain with all he might . at last , there be movement , the truck inching ahead slowly , along the ditch , and then lily point it uphill and give it the gas : eddie no! no ... do not ... not so fast . he watch as the truck slip back down the incline , then , miraculously catch hold , spin up the bank and to the crest beside the road . Eddie run : int . truck - dawn Eddie open the door , swing himself in . eddie Nice work . lily make a muscle . she head for the freeway , slide into the trickle of early morning traffic as ... int . chopper - dawn ... the chopper pass over the field and hover above the break snow fence . pilot chopper one ... they make it to the freeway . ext . staging area - dawn a federal agent stand listen to he radio . he mutter : agent sonofabitch . and we CUT to : shot - breakfast plate two poach egg , beautifully array with a sprig of parsley and a neatly scallop orange slice . we be in ... int . restaurant - morning ... a fancy hotel restaurant , a jackete waiter serve collier he morning fare . Shannon be opposite , coffee . shannon why the-bullshit ? collier no bullshit , tony . you know everything I do . shannon that 's the bullshit . that , and the story about chen . collier look up from he egg . collier what make you say so ? shannon let 's just say I have my source . collier alright . let 's just say he 's serve a larger purpose . so be I . so be you . shannon meaning ? collier meaning we be just actor here . we do not know how the play come out . you might be the villain . shannon how so ? collier chen be you boy , tony . you bring he to the party . you bring in this kopek kid . you be a suspect . Hell , you even lie to Congress . you say the project be private , no involvement from langley . who drink do you think would believe you now ? who do you think be go to be responsible if it blow up in we face ? shannon except there be no espionage . collier there be now . shannon I could make a hell of a mess go down , George . collier study he for a beat : collier you could . shannon that make I a pretty good villain . collier what do you want ? shannon the truth . collier poke he egg , watch the yellow run onto the plate . collier I will see what I can do . ext . freeway - day the truck take the Zanesville exit off the freeway . int . truck - day lily still drive , Eddie in the seat beside she . lily can not we just call he ? eddie his phone be tapped for sure . they will be wait for we . lily how much money do we have ? eddie why ? lily I see something in a movie once . she turn onto the main drag . int . zanesville flower shop - day lily enter , cross to the counter . the clerk be a old duffer in a plaid shirt . lily I would like to send some flower to Washington . clerk lily yes . clerk I would like to send something to Washington . would not be flower . lily May I include a message with that ? clerk you can if you hold you horse . as the clerk prepare he order form , lily be suddenly aware of the tv , it 's volume tune low , sit down the counter : newscaster New development in America 's biggest manhunt in recent memory - the two suspect be seek in connection with the Chicago blast elude police today in a dare getaway ... tv set now show photo of Eddie and lily just as eddie enter the shop with a bag of fast food . lily shoot he a look , nod to the tv , just as the clerk snap it off . clerk can not hear yourself think with that damn thing yapping at you . now , who we send this to ? int . elevator - day Shannon ride a cargo elevator down , accompany by two suite man - security personnel . the elevator 's open wall reveal a descent through rock and steel girder toa ... int . vaulted chamber - day ... where the elevator door open and Shannon emerge . collier be wait for he . collier hello , tony . this way . he usher Shannon through a door into a ... int . boardroom - day ... modestly appoint board room : a large conference table and chair , in which bentley , coburn and Ryan await he entrance . shannon gentlemen . they nod helloe ; Shannon sit in the chair provide for he . mirthless collier I be sorry we could not have be more open with you from the beginning .. , we have pretty much have to proceed on a need to know basis . and until now , we feel you do not . bentley tony , before we begin , I would like to assure you that what you hear today will remain inside this wall . shannon you mean you will not tell or I will not tell ? chuckle . collier you be right about Dr. chen , tony . there be no espionage . you lab be destroy on we order . shannon and bucky ? collier I be sorry to say , also on we order . shannon who be you ? collier we be a interagency team . we advise the president on technology and defense . ryan tony , we be in a crisis situation . we have to act quickly . none of we want to see Dr. bucholtz hurt . we have no choice . shannon why not ? bentley he be go to release the information need to duplicate he machine on the internet . it would have create chaos . the oil business , the automobile business would have be in turmoil . there would have be financial panic . the relationship on which the world have run for fifty year would have be turn upside - down . we could not let it happen . shannon so you have he kill . coburn it be very regrettable , tony . shannon and chen ? collier we take he . we make he a offer . shannon where be he ? collier he 's here . you can see he . shannon and Eddie kopek ? collier he and chen be we cover story . they be simply ... how should I put it ? convenient . we be go to throw then to the FBI and let nature take its course . shannon nature and some trump up bullshit from CIA . collier if you like . shannon so why do not you ? collier tony , the story we tell you about not be able to make the thing work be true . shannon only it 's not the chinese . collier that 's correct . shannon you think he 's the miss piece of the puzzle ? collier we hope so . we believe so . he and miss naughton . shannon and I be you juda goat . I lead Eddie to the slaughter . collier if he cooperate , there be no slaughter . shannon what if I refuse ? collier we do not think you can , tony . shannon why not ? collier we be in very deep . we be play for very high stake . shannon that would not be a threat , would it ? bentley we have win the cold war , tony . we be not about to give the trophy back . the door open , and a security officer enter : officer a phone call for Mr. Shannon . shall I put it through ? shannon please . the man and woman around the table stare curiously at Shannon . and we CUT to : int . shannon' WASHINGTON office - day Shannon 's Washington secretary a the secure phone . she have a box of rose a she lap and a card in she hand : secretary I do not know whether to bother you or not ... it 's strange . shall I read it ?... ( read : ) smithsonian , 5 pm. today . Eddie . that 's it . int . board room - day Shannon hang up . look around the room at the other . slip a cigar out of he coat pocket , roll it in he finger , consider . int . truck - day Eddie drive , swing into the lane mark Route 70 , Washington . he look over at lily : eddie how come you speak chinese ? lily I grow up in China . my parent be missionary . eddie missionaries ? lily yeah . everytime I hear the expression " missionary position : I think of my parent oing it . she redden , embarrassed . then she laugh : lily ( continue ) God , why do I say that ? I be such a prude ! ext . franklin foundation - day a deliveryman exit from the foundation , cross to he truck - Dupont Circle florist stencile a the side . but before he can enter , two federal agent stop he . agent FBI . would you come with we , please ? deliveryman I ? int . shannon be car - day a black government sedan , a driver in the front seat , Shannon in the rear . from he position , Shannon can see the driver 's eye search the traffic behind he in the rear view mirror . shannon be we be follow ? driver yes , sir . shall I try and lose they ? shannon no . there 's a supermarket up on the right a few block . pull in there . driver yes sir . int . dupont circle florist - day Ford and another agent talk to the owner : owner they be send by phone . I do remember that . ford do you recall where they be send from ? owner I do not . I be sorry . it 's probably on the receipt . he cross to he counter , open a drawer , remove a pile of receipt , begin go through they , slowly , lick he thumb for traction . owner ( continue ) here it be . Zanesville flower shop , Zanesville , Ohio . ext . supermarket - parking lot - day Shannon 's car pull into the lot and stop . Shannon emerge as a second car , another unmark sedan , pull into a spot nearby . Shannon cross to the supermarket entrance . two agent from the second car follow . int . supermarket - day Shannon enter , take a shopping cart , drop a few item into it , then cross to the meat counter . he say to the man behind the counter ( butcher ) : shannon I would like a special cut , I want to speak to the butcher , if you do not mind . he walk quickly to the door to the rear . butcher I be the butcher . but Shannon be already through the door . butcher ( continue ) you wanna talk to the butcher , you gotta talk to I . can I help you ? it 's one of the agent who stand before the counter . int . supermarket - storage area - day Shannon walk quickly through and out the back door ... ext . supermarket , loading dock - day ... and onto the load dock , where a van , white , unmark , await . the van pull to the dock and Shannon enter ; the van speed away . int . supermarket - day the agent . look at he watch : something fishy . he show the butcher he badge : agent FBI ... and he cross to the door to the rear , enter , leave the butcher gaze after he . he point to himself : butcher Butcher . ext . supermarket - loading dock - day the agent emerge onto the dock , look around . Shannon be nowhere in sight . ext . smithsonian institution - parking area - day the pick up truck pull into the lot and stop , Eddie and lily emerge , cross to the main building . Eddie look at he watch . eddie we be a little early . int . zanesville flower shop - day the clerk be on the phone : clerk yes , I do remember .... young man , young woman , very nice couple ... alright , hold on ... he put the phone down , cross to he waste basket , pull out today 's paper : Eddie and lily 's photograph on the front page . the clerk return to the phone . clerk ( continue ) it 's they . int . dupont circle florist - day Ford be on the phone . he turn to the second agent : ford they be in Zanesville . ( to the phone : ) do you recall the time ? int . zanesville flower shop - day clerk earlier today ... this morning , it be . send a message , too ... he scratch he head : clerk ( continue ) no , I can not remember . he hold the phone away from he ear as Ford squawk : clerk ( continue ) well , now , I be think ... ext . smithsonian museum - day high angle Far below , Eddie and lily appear between the massive marble column and enter the museum . int . smithsonian museum - day Security guard everywhere . Eddie and lily walk past the loom dinosaur skeleton and head up the broad stairway to the second floor where they emerge in a long gallery . a line of arched opening overlook the main hall , and as they move down the colonnade , Eddie spot shannon just enter the building . eddie there he be . but as lily register she relief , Eddie see three man who accompany Shannon . they stop , speak for a moment , and then the man fade into the museum , take up position - apparently as visitor . eddie be freeze in he place , incredulous . a long moment before he can say to lily : eddie what be this ? int . dupont circle florist - day the owner be rummage through the waste basket , Ford still on the phone beside he : owner we do not keep record of message . I might have make note ... he draw a scrap of paper from the basket , read it : owner ( continue ) this be it ... he hand it to Ford , who scan it quickly , start move for the door ... int . smithsonian museum - day Shannon climb the stair to the second floor . he reach the gallery , see Eddie , sit on a bench . alone . he cross to he , sit beside he . shannon hello , Eddie . eddie what 's go on ? shannon you be safe . relax . eddie who be you friend ? shannon what friend ? eddie the one you come with . shannon I be here by myself . where 's lily ? eddie she never make it . shannon what do you mean ? eddie she hate Washington . she 's probably a thousand mile away by now . that friend . the man Shannon enter with have move into the gallery , still try to blend into the stream of visitor . shannon it 's complicated , Eddie . I can explain ... eddie go ahead . shannon you will have to come with I . eddie why do not you explain here ? shannon I can not . Eddie stand . shannon ( continue ) Eddie , take it easy . but the man , see Eddie rise , move quickly . Eddie turn , sprint down the gallery . the three man pursue , as visitor turn , stare at this breach of museum decorum . shannon Eddie ! pursuer gain on Eddie . suddenly , a display come slide across the floor into he path , knock he down . lily have push it . eddie lily , run ! she turn , sprint down the gallery as Eddie grab the club from the hand of " paleolithic man " , smashes the second pursuer in the face . security guard come run into the gallery , but be swamp by a stream of visitor try to get out of the way . eddie and lily with two pursuer on they heel , run through a maze of display case look for a way out . the door mark " botany " be unlock and they go through it . int . atrium - day several worker be startle by the sudden commotion as Eddie and lily race through , follow second later by two pursuer . a researcher grab a phone and dial ... ext . smithsonian museum - day Ford pull up in he car , a second car behind . Ford and two other agent emerge , cross to the entrance ... ... just as Shannon emerge from the museum . ford grab he : Mr. Shannon , I be go to ask you to wait here . shannon be you arrest I ? Ford do not answer . without look back , he enter the museum , leave Shannon with one of the agent . int . smithsonian ( science and industry ) museum - day a locomotive , a race car , and a boe 727 dominate the Hall of transportation . Eddie and lily race into the hall , look around , and head for the nearest stairway . three pursuer enter behind they , close the gap , until the stairwell suddenly fill with a group of eighth grader . one of the man break off and head for another stairwell . second level Eddie and lily race down the balcony alongside the boe 727 . then Eddie see the pursuer who take the other stairway block they path . Eddie run headlong into the man , knock they both down . but the guy be a brute and he be still block the way . Eddie turn , head the other way . he look around for lily , but she 's nowhere in sight . eddie lily ?! nothing . the man he knock down be close in ; the other two be approach from the other side . Eddie be trap . desperate , he leap up on the 727 engine pod then scramble over the top of the fuselage , past the tail , and slide down the other side onto the wing suspend high in midair above the hall . Eddie dash along the wing to the tip and vault over the railing on the opposite balcony . the man make a end run around the balcony but they be too late . Eddie have vanish . they backtrack to the jetliner , search . int . boeing 727 - day the man enter the airplane , peer behind the seat , into the cockpit . one of the man yank open the lavatory door : lily ... stand look out , she face a mask of fear , as the man close in on she . lily do not touch I ! he pin she wrist as she struggle against he . another of the man appear at she side . he crack a vial of inhalant under she nose . she go limp . int . smithsonian ( science and industry ) museum - day Eddie dash into the darken bridge of a aircraft carrier in the middle of a full alert . voice ( from speaker : ) stand by to launch aircraft . Eddie melt into the shadow and glance around . it look like he 's lose he pursuer . int . atrium - day : - Ford and two agent be surround by a half dozen worker , all of they shouting different direction : worker there be four of they ... they go through there ... no , that way ... there be only two of they ... int . corridor - day Eddie be move along the ground floor corridor with a mob of tourist , look around frantically for lily and try to stay invisible . suddenly , he stop in he track . p.o.v. through window Eddie see lily . ext . smithsonian museum ( field museum ) - day the three man support lily as she stumble along with they , half conscious . they lead she to a white van ... int . smithsonian museum ( field museum ) - day ... as Eddie slam he fist against the glass in frustration . he spot a exit at the end of the hall . ext . smithsonian museum ( field museum ) - day Eddie come run out and down the broad step . the van be move away . Eddie run after it , catch sight of something scrawle in the dust on the back : leesburg construction hire scab .... ... but as Eddie get almost close enough to touch the rear , door , the van pull away . he stop , out of breath . not far away , Eddie see security guard move in . he turn , dash back down a ramp lead to door under the museum . he enter . int . steam tunnel - day Eddie run down the long tunnel , footstep echoing in the emptiness . ext . smithsonian museum - day Ford emerge from inside , cross down the step to Shannon and the agent he be leave with . ford better get yourself a lawyer , Mr. Shannon . I be gonna bust you ass . and Ford continue on down the step as we CUT to : int . capitol build ( madison ) - day a door mark " no Public access " open a crack . Eddie peek out . he step into the marble hallway , gently close the door behind he . he have no idea where he be . he ease into another tour group . guide ... and at the end of this hall we will see the Capitol Building rotunda where the body of president lincoln and John f. Kennedy lay in state ... ext . capitol build ( madison ) - day Eddie emerge : p.o.v. of capitol mall ( second unit ) - day the bronze statue of general on horseback be dust with snow and the Washington monument stand stark white against the crisp winter sky . all around , american flag snap smartly in the breeze . Eddie pull up he collar and descend the step . ext . CITY STREET - night Eddie walk . he seem aimless , he mood dark . he hunch he shoulder against the wind and cold , he eye a the pavement in front of he . newspaper at a kiosk sport headline : elusive pair in d.c.? ext . chinese restaurant - night a sign say " full chinese meal - $ 2 " . Eddie peer in through the frost window , reach into he pocket . he pull out a handful of change - not nearly enough . he continue on . down the sidewalk , a homeless man ( larry ) be panhandle . larry pardon I , sir . spare some change ? Eddie do not even look up . larry ( continue ) that 's right . do not even look . Eddie continue on . Larry have to call after he : larry ( continue ) nobody look at the homeless . another few step , and then Eddie stop , turn , stare at Larry . larry ( continue ) hey ! con ... tact ! Larry salute : larry ( continue ) yes ... sir ! lawrence applewhite , ready for duty , sir ! and we CUT to : int . soup kitchen - night a line of destitute man and woman snake through a dingy church basement , where volunteer serve soup and sandwich . Eddie and Larry be among they , only Eddie be wear Larry 's clothes and Larry have on Eddie 's tweed . somehow , Eddie look right at home among this people , and in Eddie 's clothes , Larry look like visit royalty . larry thank you sister ... set my man up here with whatever he need ... thank you brother ... hey ! one dinky ol1 ' baloney sandwich for my man ? shame on you ! he 's a growin ' boy . the volunteer dump another limp baloney sandwich on Eddie 's plate . larry ( continue ) you want that ? Eddie put the sandwich on Larry 's plate . larry ( continue ) thank you , bro . ext . larry car - night a beat up dodge dart , circa 1968 . the back seat be fill with the odd and end of Larry 's existence . and at the moment , it be also fill with Eddie , huddle under a blanket . Larry be in the front seat , huddle under he own blanket . larry can not sleep in they shelter , bro . very low class of people in there . steal you goddam tooth if you open you mouth to snore . eddie where 's leesburg ? larry leesburg ? only leesburg I know be in Virginia . eddie you car make it that far ? larry Hell , yes . suddenly , a light flash inside the car , illuminate first Larry 's face . a cop stand beside the car , point he flashlight at the occupant . cop can not park it here , boy . larry yes , sir ! we will move it , sir ! the cop shine he light on Eddie . eddie right away , sir ! the cop douse he light , walk away , shaking he head . larry ( continue ) ass ... hole ! ext . capitol build - day a glorious day ; the Capitol Building stand proudly against a blue sky . int . capitol build - side office - day a small office adjacent to a committee room . Shannon scan a print statement ; collier sit nearby . shannon who write it ? collier do it matter ? shannon it 's nice to know who 's mouthpiece I be . collier you be -invest in you future , tony . shannon well , let 's see . you have kill a man , blow up he lab and walk away without he secret , and you can not put you hand on a kid who 's run around out there without a clue . you want I to trust in such competence ? collier just read it , tony . int . capitol build - hearing room - day a Senate committee hearing : a panel of Senators listen as Shannon read : shannon we do not know the cause of the explosion , it 's true . we do not know the source of the espionage , if indeed there be espionage . but we know that we be at risk . every idea that offer a competitive advantage for Americans be subject to theft . and that be the lesson to be draw from this disaster . Security concern must be paramount . we must begin to treat business secret the way we once treat military one . the cold war may be over , but we be still at war . senator Mr. Shannon , yours be the word of a patriot ... ext . leesburg construction company - day a yard brim with truck , van , and at the far end , a small office . Larry 's car pull in and park , and Larry and Eddie emerge , head for the office . larry I would give my leave nut for a job , bro . int . construction office - day a tough look foreman be give Eddie and Larry a disapprove look over : foreman no job . sorry . larry man , how about a little temporary work ? just a little something ... foreman sorry . you would need security clearance anyway . larry Security ? what for ? foreman all we guy need clearance . tell you friend he oughta start with a bath . int . larry car - day Eddie and Larry be park outside the construction yard . larry man say no . waste time . eddie never know . let 's where they go . larry you da boss . Larry pull out behind a row construction yard , follow . ext . road - day the truck pull off the road a large " no admittance " sign pull up and stop along the int . larry car - day Eddie and Larry watch as the gate area . larry well , what 's you idea , I think you be just see of truck as they leave the and into a fence area with post on the gate . Larry road . truck disappear into the bro ? a sharp rap on the window startles they both : a armed guard have come up behind they . larry look for work . Larry roll down he window . guard can not park here . they be hire down at the leesburg yard . larry yes , sir ! right away , sir ! and Larry swing around , head back down the road . a noisy line of flatbe truck , haul huge construction pipe and head for the gate , make Larry shout as he concentrate on not get sideswipe : larry ( continue ) ai not that the usual bitch ? ai not hire here , they be hire over there . and then you get there and they tell you no , it 's the last place , and now you lose you place in line at the last place ... and he turn to Eddie , discover the car door open and Eddie nowhere in sight .. larry ( continue ) what in the goddam ... ext . gate - day the line of truck enter the gate . ext . flatbed truck - day a truck pull to a halt beside the other truck , near some construction shed . the driver cross to a shed , and once he pass , Eddie poke he head out of a construction pipe , then leap out . he see a group of construction worker come out of one of the shed , wear jacket and hard hat , and he make he way to the door , enter . int . shed - day slicker and hard hat hang on peg ; Eddie dress . ona wall be a set of blueprint detail the construction site ; Eddie take it down , roll it up , stuff it under he arm . ext . construction area - day Eddie fall in with a group of worker , head toward a cargo elevator . as he go , he notice that each of they have a security identification badge . he look down at he own slicker : no badge . ext . elevator - day the worker wait as a group of man exit the elevator , apparently a shift change . Eddie awkwardly bump into one of the depart man : eddie sorry . Excuse I . Eddie have he badge . he pin it to he slicker and the group enter the elevator cage . the elevator begin its descent . int . tunnel - day the elevator cage reach bottom and the man exit . Eddie sneak a look at a conveyor belt haul rock and earth upward . the group move down the tunnel to a truck . they climb on and the truck and it head down the long tube . tunnel - another area the man be walk again , past a huge hydraulic machine . Eddie stop , look it over , then unscroll the blueprint under he arm , try to orient himself . when he roll the blueprint up again , the group have move off , and he be alone . he head the other way . tunnel - door Eddie come to a huge door , block he progress . he cross to a ladder at the side of the door , climb it , where it give way to a vent pipe . Eddie move from the ladder to the pipe and crawl through . vent pipe Eddie slip through the narrow pipe with some effort . ahead , a shaft of light suggest a open . he crawl ... and we CUT to : int . computer CENTER - day a massive array of computer , run by a staff of technician . just off the main room , there be a small office with a large window look onto the main computer area . sitting before a small group of scientist be lily . scientist we have be follow you work for some time . we be very impressed . lily be I suppose to be flatter ? scientist we would like to check some figure with you , if you do not mind . second scientist miss naughton , we can offer you a chance to continue the work you have be do with Dr. chen . lily where be Dr. chen ? second scientist I be afraid he 's not available . he 's quite ill . lily then let I speak to he . scientist we would have to get clearance for that . lily Fine . call I when you do . pump room Eddie emerge from the vent pipe into a pump room - a huge pump station supplying the entire complex . several smaller tunnel lead off of this room ; Eddie open a door to one of they , peer down : p.o.v . at the end of the tunnel , he can see worker move past a open . they be lab personnel , dress in casual clothes . Eddie remove he slicker and hard hat , then enter the tunnel . smaller tunnel with cable run the length : Eddie move through the tunnel as the camera move with he along the length of cable and we CUT to : int . - corridor - day lily be be lead by a security guard along a corridor to a room which she enter . it be minimally furnish with a bed and desk and nothing else ; a door lead to a small bathroom . she turn to the guard : lily sorry . I would ask you in but the place be a mess . guard yes , ma'am . she close the door in he face . and we CUT to : intersection where the tunnel end and a series of corridor lead in different direction . Eddie enter from the tunnel ; he choose a corridor and move off . corridor near the ceiling , a surveillance camera catch Eddie unaware . we CUT to int . surveillance CENTER - day a series of screen with odd , infra red image . one of the screen reveal Eddie as he move down the corridor - a infra red picture of he that intermittently flash a warning sign : unidentified . a security officer check the screen pick up a phone : officer we have a unregister party in corridor thirty four . corridor Eddie move past door announce various research project . through the window he can see a Saudi Prince with a robe entourage play with a deadly contraption . security officer move down another corridor , check in room as they pass . eddie round a corner , then stop . he be stupefy . he be stand in the midst of a duplicate of the lab in Chicago . it be a stun sight . technician move about , check equipment . Eddie hear something behind he . he wheel , find a half dozen armed security guard , they weapon point at he . guard put you hand over you head . do not move ... int . conference room - day a war room : a world map - a mosaic of real - time satellite image - dominate row of empty desk and console . Eddie sit under the watchful eye of a pair of guard . the door open , and Shannon enter . he nod to the guard , and they exit , leave Shannon and Eddie alone . shannon hello , Eddie . you do well . eddie where 's lily ? shannon do not worry , you will see she . you hungry ? want something to drink ? eddie no . Shannon cross to he , sit . shannon how much have you figure out ? eddie only that you be a liar . shannon partly true . the money for the lab be come from the CIA . I could not be honest about it , because we would never have get bucky if he know . I be under contract to they . I be report we progress . I have no idea they would kill bucky , and no idea that they would blow up the lab . eddie they plant the money on I ? shannon yes . eddie why ? shannon you be just a accident . if you have not go back to the lab and discover bucky , you might have be leave alone . eddie and chen ? shannon they need a cover story . he be convenient . eddie why do they kill bucky ? shannon he 's be go to make he discovery public . it 's why they blow up the lab . eddie but they have a duplicate lab . shannon yes . eddie from you information . shannon yes . eddie what will they do with bucky 's invention ? shannon develop it . make sure american company be ready for it . make sure they can profit from it . Eddie shake he head : eddie bucky be go to give it away ... shannon that 's not the way the world work , Eddie . eddie the world work the way we make it work ! everything else be bullshit ! shannon the world be full of fear . full of greed . it 's full of people struggle for a advantage . you still have to live in it . eddie and how do you do that ? shannon you make compromise . you make choice . sometimes it 's not between good and bad , it 's between bad and worse . but you still choose . eddie you lie to he . you betrayed he , and now you be just look to justify it . shannon his way be not the only way , Eddie . bucky be a dreamer . he have a great way with college kid , that 's what he be good at . Eddie explode : pause ; he eddie then what be you good at ? Shannon . I trust you ! I believe in you ! I make lily trust you ! look as if he might weep : eddie ( continue ) where be she ? I want to see she . shannon Eddie , I be go to offer you both a choice . they need you help . to make bucky 's invention work . you and lily . eddie they can not get it to work ? shannon no . Dumb motherfucker be what Eddie think . he shake he head . eddie what if I say no ? the door suddenly swing open , and collier enter , crossing to Eddie and Shannon . collier if you say no , Eddie , you will miss a chance at history . you will miss a chance at one of the great discovery of the modern age . you will miss a chance at a long and prosperous life . you and lily . think about it . int . conference room - day a small conference room , a few chair and a table , where lily sit . the door open : Eddie stand in the corridor with a armed guard . lily 's eye widen with relief , then fill with tear . she draw he in , close the door behind he , embrace he tightly . before he can speak , she put a finger to he lip , take a pen and write on the palm of her hand a single word : " bugge . " Eddie take the pen , write on he own palm : " do not trust they . " she embrace he again . int . duplicate lab - day Eddie and lily be accompany by Shannon and a small group of scientist and technician . scientist we understand the function of the catalyst and the laser application , which make the reaction self sustain . but we can not seem to control it , and this make the process highly dangerous . we think the nozzle you have build be what make it controllable . but for some reason , we do not have the specs for the nozzle , and we can not seem to duplicate you work . eddie I want to see chen . I can not do it without chen . the scientist nod , then cast a glance at Shannon . int . corridor - day Eddie , lily , Shannon and a pair of armed guard move down a long corridor into a area mark " Hospital " . int . hospital ward - day the ward be equip with two dozen bed , ready for the disaster envision by cold War planner . at the far end , a single bed be occupy and attend by a nurse . Eddie , lily , Shannon and the guard enter and cross to the occupy bed . chen lie on the bed , he breathe aid by a a automatic respirator , its mechanical inhale and exhale eerily loud . shannon how be he today ? nurse no change . lily take chen 's hand in she own . it be nearly imperceptible , but we can see chen 's hand squeeze lily 's , twice . lily can we be alone with he ? just for a minute ? Shannon consider . at last , he nod to the guard , and he , the nurse and the guard exit , leave lily and Eddie alone with chen . Eddie make a rapid inspection of the bed , the wall , the medicine cart nearby - no bug . but he see chen 's free hand move feebly along the bed to a spot near he pillow . Eddie lift the mattress just far enough . there 's the bug . and we CUT to : int . surveillance CENTER - day a security officer listen and as we move in on he earphone , we hear the SOUND of chen 's respirator , a deep , rasp inhale and exhale and we CUT to ... int . - hospital ward - day ... chen 's bedside , only it 's not chen 's breathe but Eddie force air from a inflate hot water bottle to simulate the raspy sound for the hide bug as lily bend over chen and listen to chen 's whisper word . and as we move in , we can hear they too : they're in chinese . she turn to Eddie , search he eye out with she own ... int . hospital corridor - day lily emerge from the ward , cross to Shannon , wait with the guard . lily you bastard . get he to a real hospital and we will help you . Shannon peer into the hospital ward at Eddie , sit with chen , hold onto he hand . shannon I will see what I can do . and we CUT to : montage int . machine shop - day the machine shop be outfit in a way that make Eddie 's Chicago shop seem amateurish . Eddie poke through the various material , neatly store on shelf as int . hospital ward - day hospital personnel place chen on a gurney and wheel he to the corridor and int . duplicate lab - day lily move through the lab with Shannon , collier and a small group of scientist : lily the laser timing ? scientist Computer control , use you data . lily and auxiliary power ? scientist automatically , in the event of main source failure . lily I think you be use discard data here . collier can you update ? lily I think so . int . machine shop - day Eddie be at the lathe , turn he nozzle , shaping it carefully . two scientist watch over he shoulder as int . elevator - day chen 's gurney be load onto the elevator and it begin it 's ascent as int . machine shop - day Eddie insert the plunger into the nozzle and check its play : he pass the nozzle to the scientist , and while they inspect it , we see Eddie slip a metal cylinder into he pocket . and we CUT to : int . computer room - day lily enter new data into the computer under the watchful eye of scientist and ext . elevator - day the elevator door open and the hospital personnel wheel chen 's gurney to a wait ambulance and int . duplicate lab - day Eddie squirm under the water tank , place the nozzle in it 's appropriate housing as Shannon , collier and the scientist observe . he remove the old housing , place it on the floor beside he , and as Shannon and collier study the new nozzle in place , we see that the old housing have disappear . int . lunch room - day the scientist and technician sit at a long table , eat they cafeteria fare . at the far end of the table , Eddie and lily sit side by side . as always , lily 's head be bent over a computer print out , which she be check with she pencil , make note on the margin . printout in the middle of she technical comment , she have scrawle a note : " reprog okay " . eddie nod , he 's see it . she overwrite the note with a series of figure . int . duplicate lab - night the light be out , save for a few work light that cast eerie shadow over the equipment . stand in the half dark be Shannon . think . he cross to the water tank , peer down at the nozzle , newly install . he run he hand over it , but there 's no way that he can judge it 's construction . there 's also no way that he can ignore he suspicion . office area Shannon be read through a stack of computer print out , much like the one we have see lily with . he sit back in he chair , rub he eye . then he notice a the wastebasket nearby , fill with print out . idly , he poke through they . printout lily 's figure on the margin . something draw he eye to one of the sheet : it 's the note lily have scrawle , still legible through she overwrite . computer CENTER Shannon be watch as the computer spit out a series of page . he gather a stack of they , sit down at a desk and begin compare a set of sheet with another set already on the desk . he read . int . duplicate lab - night Shannon be in the lab , roll he cigar back and forth in he finger . the door open , and Eddie be lead in by a guard . Shannon nod to the guard . shannon thank you . the guard exit , leave Eddie and Shannon alone among the shadow . shannon you will never get away with it . eddie with what ? he motion to a pile of computer printout he have in he hand . shannon I be sure it 's clever . I be sure it use lily 's help . eddie I do not know what you be talk about . shannon I do not know either , exactly . they be not fool , you know . they will figure it out . why do not you tell I what it be ? eddie why do not you figure it out ? shannon be you that brave , Eddie ? be you willing to risk that much ? eddie suppose we make it work . what happen to we then ? shannon they will give you a new life . another name , another country , if necessary . eddie you believe that ? shannon they be not monster . they be just catch in a bad spot . eddie they have kill bucky ! they destroy he dream . it be my dream , too . what good would it do to get a new life if I have to be a part of that ? shannon you have a lot to live for , Eddie . you be like a son to I . I never have a family , so I make one up . you and chen and lily , everyone at the lab . and bucky , like a crazy old uncle . eddie you throw it away . do not you understand ? you throw it away ! shannon you do not always get what you want . eddie you lie ! you want I to do the same thing . shannon I want you to understand . I wish I could make you . eddie you already have . and they eye meet and hold . Shannon 's seem to harbor a deep sadness . ext . tunnel exit - day worker emerge from the elevator as the next shift prepare to descend . int . duplicate lab - day collier , Shannon , and a group of scientist cluster together as the technician busy themselves with a test . not far away be Eddie and lily . scientist Main power . the odd hum of machinery again . in the tank , small bubbles appear at the edge of the electrode . scientist ( continue ) injector ... eddie and lily move , as if by instinct , closer to one another . Eddie slip he hand around lily 's ; they finger tighten together , then intertwine . a bell ring as scientist and technician slip dark glass over they eye . scientist laser ... the laser glow , bounce its beam off the mirror . the water tank begin to shudder as the water roil . scientist ( continue ) cavitation sound wave ... a technician at the console move a control forward and the nozzle hum , turn the water blue . shannon and collier cross to the tank , watch , expectantly , as the shudder continue . a long moment as collier peer down at the nozzle . he turn to Shannon , consternation grow . shannon wait . he 's see this before . he turn to Eddie , stare hard at he , then back to the tank , which be shudder dangerously now . and Shannon know : shannon ( continue ) shut it down . technician draw the main power switch to its off position . the hum of machinery die . in the silence that follow , Shannon turn to Eddie again : shannon Eddie ... but before he can add another word , the hum suddenly return , and the roiling of water in the tank increase . shannon ( continue ) shut it down ! technician it be down ! he maneuver the master switch , but the hum and the shudder in the tank seem to grow . technician ( continue ) it 's not respond ! shannon Eddie ! but Eddie be already move , toward collier , something in he hand , shiny , metallic ... he grab collier , hold the object to collier 's temple and now we can see what it be - a crudely shape , lethal look pistol , fashioned from spare part in the machine shop . eddie pull the alarm ! no one move . eddie ( continue ) pull the alarm ! he cock the hammer . collier do what he say : a technician cross to the emergency alarm , pull the switch . a loud wailing siren suddenly add its noise to the shudder tank . eddie get this people out of here . clear the tunnel ! shannon Eddie ! eddie do it ! collier do it ! all of you ! the scientist and technician head for the door . eddie lily ... lily Eddie , no ... eddie time to go , lily . get out . shannon it will not work , Eddie . eddie you want to take a chance ? he point the pistol at Shannon . collier what do you mean ? shannon he 's bluff . I do not think he have any ammunition in that thing . Eddie return the pistol to collier 's temple . eddie shall we demonstrate ? collier tony , for Christ sake ! Shannon reach into he coat , draw out a small automatic pistol . he cross to lily , hold the gun to she . shannon go ahead . let 's see what 's real here . eddie let she go . shannon shoot , Eddie . collier do not shoot ! shannon on three , Eddie . one ... two ... collier Shannon ; goddamit shannon last call , Eddie . Eddie drop he pistol to the floor . collier let out a long breath , mop the sweat from he forehead . collier make he shut the damn thing down . shannon how do we do it , Eddie ? eddie guess . shannon I have already guess . you be use auxiliary power . lily , be not that right ? you reprogrammed the computer so that when the main power be shut down , it would read as a power failure . very smart . so all we have to do be shut down the back up ! lily it do not matter what you do . this whole thing be worthless , anyway . you might as well let it blow . shannon why , lily ? lily because bucky be smarter than all of you . he know someone be stealing he information , so he keep part of the data secret . not even chen know what it be . the stuff you be send to this lab have a miss element , and only bucky know it . and you kill he . shannon the goose that laid the golden egg . what about it , George ? collier I think they be lie . shannon I do not think so . not this time . collier cross to a phone . shannon ( continue ) what be you do ? collier I be get the power shut down . shannon I would not do that . collier what do you mean ? he look up to find Shannon 's pistol point at he . shannon get out , Eddie . lily . collier be you mad ? shannon Eddie , do I a favor . pick up that phone and call 911 . tell they you want agent Ford from the FBI here . collier tony , do not be stupid ... shannon shut up , George . go on , Eddie , make the call . eddie we can all get out ... shannon make the call ! Eddie cross to the phone , dial : eddie we have get a emergency here . we would like you to get agent Raymond Ford from the FBI ... eddie Shannon ! shannon good , Eddie . now go . no mistake he intent ; Eddie grab lily by the hand and they run . Shannon cross to the hydrogen hold tank still hold he pistol on collier . he open the valve , and deadly hydrogen gas spill into the lab with a loud hiss ... int . tunnel - day Eddie and lily burst through the door to the lab and head for the elevator . but round a corner and look up , they see the elevator load with lab and security personnel , ascend to the surface . eddie this way ! they turn , race down the tunnel as security guard from the lab area recognize Eddie and lily : guard do not let they get away ! they chase , one of the guard bark into he radio another part of tunnel ... ass Eddie and lily reach a concrete form : they be block by another pair of guard . Eddie grab lily 's hand , lead she down a narrow space between the wall and the concrete form , barely wide enough for they pass . eddie and lily inch they way forward . it 's a tight , claustrophobic squeeze , and lily have to fight she panic . eddie hold on ... hold on ... he give she he hand , try to reassure she as a guard follow they into the space , a short way behind . tunnel another guard , see Eddie and lily behind the form , throw the compression control ; the hydraulic arm start to move and the form close to the wall as eddie and lily can barely edge forward , the space grow smaller and smaller , the stuff of nightmare : lily Eddie ! I can not ... and at the last moment , Eddie clear the form , pull lily with he . they leap down to the tunnel floor as the guard follow they through the narrow space be crush , he blood seeping down the wall below like a ugly paint . int . duplicate lab - day Shannon hold collier at bay with he pistol . shannon well , George , we be in a real pickle , be not we ? if I shoot , you be dead . but the shot would set this whole place off , so I be dead , too . what be we gonna do ? collier I do not know , tony . why do not you put the gun down ? shannon it 's sort of like the arm race , be not it ? what be the phrase ? mutually assure destruction ? collier yes , that 's it . collier be sweat profusely . shannon what do you say we negotiate ? collier yes , that 's fine . that 's a good idea . shannon we will both make a full confession of how we happen to be here . you write how it be that bucky die . I will write how it be I have be lie to Congress . then we will exchange confession . I will have yours and you will have mine . that way , we will each be protect if the other decide to go to the FBI . be that fair ? collier tony , I be go to turn around and walk out of here . you , will not shoot . Shannon cock the pistol , loudly . shannon be you certain ? collier find himself stare down the barrel of the pistol . collier you be mad . Shannon place he pen on the table between they . shannon we have some paper here , do not we ? int . tunnel - day Eddie and lily race toward the conveyor belt , carry crush rock upward from the tunnel to the surface . eddie get on it : she turn to he as if he 's crazy : eddie ( continue ) lily , get on ! and he practically have to put she on it himself , before leaping on behind she . eddie get down ! guard chase the two of they race past the conveyor belt and on down the tunnel . conveyor belt Eddie and lily ride the belt . lily , ahead , look forward , see that the rock be be carry toward a compressor . she turn , shout : lily Eddie ! and now , Eddie see it too . he turn , look behind he : a guard have see he on the belt . he jump on , begin move up the belt toward Eddie and lily . as he close in , Eddie notice a pipe stretch across the conveyor belt : eddie grab onto the pipe ! lily turn , she be close on the pipe : eddie lily ! can she do it ? she reach out , grab for the pipe , but she hand slip off . the belt carry she just beyond and she turn and try again - this time , she manage to hold on : behind she , Eddie approach the pipe . he reach for it and the two of they now hang side by side as the guard riding the belt behind they approach , try to aim he weapon at they . but the belt be unsteady and he can not quite manage as he draw closer and closer and eddie hold onto the pipe , swing he boot at the guard , catch he flush on the jaw and the guard go down onto the conveyor belt and be carry up toward the compressor as lily watch , over she shoulder , finally turn away , can not bear to look as the guard be ... compress . eddie and lily make they way , hand over hand , away from the move belt until they be clear and can jump down onto the tunnel floor . they run ... int . duplicate lab - day collier be finish write . he put Shannon 's pen down . Shannon pick up the paper and read . and while he read , he chat : shannon you love science , George ? collier very much . yes . he speak to Shannon as if Shannon have lose he mind . shannon so do I . we could have be famous . one of the great discovery of the modern age , indeed . it 's not enough , be it ? collier what be not enough ? shannon Science , George . it do not make we better people . this be excellent . the hiss of the hydrogen leak seem like a howl now . the water tank shudder with such force that a metal tip strap break loose , slam with great force against the floor , again and again . shannon ( continue ) that look very dangerous . Shannon fold the paper neatly , put it in he pocket . shannon ( continue ) bucky be right , be not he ? we need new way of be human . collier be not you go to write you confession ? shannon actually , I have change my mind . and as collier watch with grow alarm , Shannon coolly rise and cross toward the door . collier Shannon ! ext . tunnel - day Eddie and lily emerge from the tunnel into the daylight . the radiation alarm be still scream as lab personnel and construction worker scramble for safety . Eddie and lily join in the throng , run for the perimeter of the site as ext . road outside facility - day agent Ford pull up in he car and stop , get out and watch agape as the mob run toward he . int . tunnel outside duplicate lab - day Shannon run for the huge submarine door , now open at the end of the tunnel . behind he , collier chase : collier Shannon , for god 's sake ... Shannon leap through the door , turn , manage to stare into collier 's frantic eye just before he slam the huge door shut . he grab some construction rod pile by the door , insert they through the door handle so that they bar the door from open . other side of the door collier frantically press the automatic control , try to open the door . they shudder , but the force of the construction bar be too strong and the door do not open . collier race for the lab . duplicate lab as collier enter . the loosen strap be bang with incredible force now and it make collier stop in he track . he 's agonize , do not know where to turn . at last , he cross to the strap , hope to grab it and prevent it from strike a surface when he eye widen in horror and the strap bang against the metal form of the water tank and the tiniest spark fly into the thicken air and we CUT to : ext . secret facility - day worker stream out of the site , onto the road , in pickup truck , on foot , lily and Eddie among they and as Ford see they , the ground beneath they suddenly shudder and we CUT to : overhead shot as a giant sinkhole be create from the explosion below , dust and debris rise as after a powerful earthquake and eddie and lily can only hold onto each other in the confusion and hysteria that follow as they make they way across the rumbling earth to agent Ford and safety ... and we dissolve to : a series of headline : underground blast shed light on secret government program probe role of advisory committee on technology and defense CIA connection to blast studied confession implicate official kill in underground blast and finally , a smaller Story : blast survivor back at work , hope to resume fuel project a photo of Eddie and lily dissolves to ext . pleasure boat - day a modestly appoint sloop afloat on what must be the blue green water of the Caribbean . in the rear of the boat be a figure in a captain 's hat and white duck , foot up on the rail , write on a small steno pad . it 's Shannon , and we hear he , voice over : shannon Eddie ... delighted to read of you return to work . hope all be well . i'11l be in touch . tony . he call into the cabin : shannon ( continue ) where 's my first mate ? Florence appear carry two drink . he slip he arm around she waist , hand she the paper from the steno pad . shannon ( continue ) send this when we reach port . florence send it yourself , you big lug . she hand he he drink and kiss he lightly , on the lip . and they settle in for the sunset . end credit .