big time adolescence written by Jason orley February 27th , 2014 oak park , illinois - present int . classroom — day a public school geometry class in a well - to - do school district a few mile west of Chicago . monroe '' mo '' kaufman ( 16 ) - sit somewhere near the back of the room not really pay attention to anything . the door open and a uniform police officer walk inside with the principal . they whisper something in the teacher 's ear then turn to the class . principal Monroe . Mo look up . mo yeah ? school hallway - second later a sea of student split in half as the officer lead Mo , handcuff , down the hallway . he be a foot short than any of the other student . mo ( v.o. ) I know it seem bad , and for anybody else it probably would be , it would be very bad . but Zeke say this might happen , and while this be the biggest jam he have ever get I into , it 's definitely not the first . int . kaufman house - live room - night - flashback 6 year kate kaufman ( 16 ) watch tv on the couch , she be hold a bowl of popcorn . we narrator be she young brother , Monroe . mo ( v.o. ) I be ten when I meet Zeke and immediately I know , I do not care where he be go . I want to be along for the ride . int —- kaufman house - kitchen - same time music fade up : fleetwood mac - you make loving fun we see a pair of hand go into the freezer and pull out a bottle of vodka . this hand belong to isaac '' zeke '' presanti . as soon as the glass of vodka be pour he put the bottle under the water faucet and carefully refill the exact amount of liquid that he take out . he be sing along with the music the whole time . int . kaufman house - live room - continuous Zeke walk into the room hold the two drink . he be seventeen with shaggy red hair . he sit 's down on the couch next to kate . she take the drink and study it for a second then take a sip , he smile . mo ( v.o. ) Zeke be my sister 's boyfriend . I do not know if they call themselves that though . I only ever see he on Tuesday night . that be my parent date night . for all I know he have other girlfriend who baby - sit they brother on Monday , Wednesday and Thursday . but what be I gonna do ? kate be a big girl . and I be not a big guy . Zeke and kate start make out and we slowly pan up to the top of the stair where a 10 - year - old mo be watch they through the gap in the railing . ext . theme park - another tuesday night Mo , kate and Isaac be walk though the carnival . Mo have a giant cotton candy in he hand . Zeke rip off a chunk from the top . mo ( v.o . ) the doctor tell my parent I be in the eighth percentile for my age group . the three of they sit in a row play that game where you shoot a water gun at a balloon and try to pop it . mo ( v.o. ) that mean if you line up a hundred random ten- year- old , ninety two of they would be taller than I . Zeke lift a hammer high in the air and bring it down hard on the high striker , the bell ring and the light flash . the ride operator hand Monroe a stuff turtle . mo ( v.o. ) that other seven kid must live in Hawaii or something because I have yet to meet a ten year old smaller than I . a group of girl come up and flirt with Zeke , feel he muscle and squeezing Monroe 's cheek . Isaac pick up Monroe and throw he over he shoulder spin he around . the girl love it . kate come back with two hot dog and pull Isaac away from the girl . mo ( v.o. ) I know he use I to hit on girl . which should have make I mad ... we see the three of they in line to ride a roller coaster . Mo be too short to get on . Zeke pull the ride operator aside and speak to he for a minute . we see Zeke and Mo sit next to each other on the roller coaster , scream with excitement . int . movie theatre - night the three of they sit in the dark , the light of the action movie splash across they face . Isaac pull two beer out of he jacket . he give one to kate and crack the other for himself . Monroe look at Isaac hold he drink . Isaac check to see that kate be not look and let 's Mo take a sip of the beer . he grimace at the taste and Zeke laugh . mo ( v.o. ) ..- but I do not really care because in my head I keep come back to that row of a hundred 10 - year-old . and I would think if you line they all up in order from tallest to shortest - — ext . high school football field - night kate , Mo and they parent watch Zeke play in a big football game . he have the ball and charge down the field , plow through every player on he path to the end zone . mo - Zeke could beat the crap out of every one of they . the Kaufman family cheer for Zeke along with everybody else . we watch from kate 's Pov as a cheerleader jump into Zeke 's arm . int . kaufman house - another night kate and Zeke be have a intense argument . Mo watch from the top of the stair . mo ( v.o . ) I could not really blame she when she break up with he . but he do not cheat on I so ... ext . kaufman house - continuous Zeke storm out of the house . monroe where be you go ? Mo be barefoot in he pajamas . Zeke do not even turn around when he speak , he just keep move towards the car . Mo chase after he . zeke go back inside mo. mo can I come with you ? zeke no man . you sister would not like that . mo now you care what she would like ? Zeke laugh at the quick wit of such a squeaky little voice . zeke I have thing I have to do . mo I will not get in the way , I swear . just for tonight . Zeke look at he for a second . zeke alright fine , but I be bring you home in a hour . Mo walk around to the passenger side of the car . mo what be we go to do for a hour ? dissolve to : a empty parking lot - a few minute later music : toot and the maytal - take I Home , country road slow motion : Zeke 's dark green 1978 mercede slc 170 come spin into view . the boy scream at the top of they lung as the car do donut all around the lot . MAIN title - big time adolescence monroe ( v.o. ) that hour last six year . the green mercede spin to a stop . Monroe sit in the front seat he be 16 year old and scrawny as ever . in the driver 's seat Zeke be 23 , he 's tall , handsome and well build with dark hair and a goofy smile . dissolve to : extreme close up - a syringe filling up with liquid extreme close up - alcohol swab rubbing skin extreme close up - needle go in to abdomen int . doctor' office - continuous Mo be sit on a examination table , give himself a shot . his parent and a doctor look on . Mo shrug . doctor you be get good at that . doctor ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong . sherri I think he be upset he be not as tall as he think he would be . mo I think I would get like ... really tall . doctor ( find this amusing ) no no , it will not make you any taller than you be always mean to be , the shot just help to keep you grow at the same pace with you peer . mo but I be not . reuben I be with Mo on this , I be spend a fortune for this shot and he 's still ... ( he indicate Mo 's height with he hand ) doctor you really do not need to worry . most patient with growth hormone deficiency 's like this do not start reach potential until they be at least eighteen . sherri ( look at she watch ) we need to get he back to school . doctor okay let 's do this . when do you turn sixteen ? mo next week . doctor you get you license ? Mo nod . doctor ( cont 'd ) let 's meet again in six month , if you be not start to make improvement , we can talk about other strategy . ext . school - afternoon Mo 's parent pull up in front of the school , he get 's out . sherri do not forget you lunch . he take the lunch bag from she . we see Mo start to walk into school as soon as he parent pull away he run back out to the parking lot . to a car park on the other side . Zeke 's Pov - Mo run towards he car . int . zeke 's car - second later Zeke somehow manage to smoke a cigarette , drive the car , surf the radio , lecture about nothing , and stuff he face with half of Mo 's peanut butter and jelly sandwich . Mo quietly watch . zeke ... it 's like in King Kong when the monkey have get the chick in he hand and he be throw she around . yea , she be scared but she be also super turn on , because - this be what I be say - girl like to be throw around when you be have sex . they like somebody that 's go to pick they up and throw they up against a wall or on the bed . because it make they feel small , it make they feel like you be a real man , but more importantly like they be this fragile little girl . ( realize he audience ) ( more ) zeke ( cont 'd ) with you it will be different though . I do not think there be many girl you can pick up . we will have to figure out you own thing . shit where be I go again ? int . sport bar - afternoon Mo and Zeke be with Zeke 's two friend , nick and tony , watch a football game . across from they , three pretty girl be at a different table watch the game , mind they own business . Zeke yell to the girl at the next table . zeke what be this ? junior High ? girl Excuse I ? zeke boy over here , girl over there , I feel like we be at a eighth grade dance or something . the girl laugh . zeke ( cont ’d ) ( point at he friend ) I will trade you he and he . ( point at the girl ) for she and she . girl that one look a little young . Mo blushes . nick he think you look a little old . CUT to : bar — moment later the guy and girl be all squeeze at one table scream at the game on tv . the older one be sit on Mo 's lap . the two friend share a look . int . car - morning Mo drive he car , alone for the first time . he look around the empty car feel incredibly old . he turn on to a nearby street and stop . he be double park , listen to Bruce springsteen and sing along with the music at the top of he lung . Cars pull up behind he and honk , he wave they to go around . across the street Zeke come out of he apartment building and jay walk across the street , pissing off the same driver 's that be try to get around Mo 's car . he hop in and Mo pull out . zeke I can not believe it . monroe I be a real person now . zeke I do not think they give driver 's license to kid who could not reach the pedal . monroe I have to wear special shoe . zeke no fuck way . he try to bend over and see . monroe I be kid you idiot . I can reach the pedal . zeke let I see the thing . Mo pull out he wallet and show he he license . zeke ( cont ’d ) ( read ) Monroe Ernest Kaufman . God that 's unfortunate . ( then ) it be go to be so nice have a personal chauffeur . 10 . mo get that idea out of you head right now . I be not drive you around . zeke be you kid I ? do you know how many year of I drive you sorry ass around you have to make up for ? mo I have get a hour and a half until I have to be at school . where do you want to go ? zeke I think you school start at 8:30 ? mo yeah but the first class be bullshit . zeke I be hungry . Zeke pull out a joint from he shirt pocket and light it . mo not in my new car man . zeke it 's weed , it smell good . it will compliment the new car smell . ( he take a puff ) you should really smoke this , you might relax a little bit . ( then ) do not you have that research paper for you art class ? mo yeah , so ? zeke well let 's go look at some shit . ( british ) to the museum driver , show I the meaning of haste . int —- chicago institute of art - day Zeke and Mo walk through the museum . 11 . zeke so what 's the assignment ? mo I be suppose to pick a painting I think be important and write about it . zeke what about this one ? Zeke point to a painting by cy twombly entitle '' leda and the swan . '' mo look like a bunch of scribbles and dick on a blank canvas to I . zeke if you boil life down to it 's essential that 's probably all it would look like too . it 's just a bunch of disruptive gesture and violence and explosion ... and dick and liquid fly around in a void . everything else be superfluous window dress . mo there 's more to life than '' liquid fly around '' and dick and violence . zeke not really , you just think there be . but if you really want to represent what 's important , what 's constant , there it be in front of you in one immediate experience . if I ask you to make a picture of what 's important in life you have probably show I a iphone photo of you fuck Xbox . mo I could make this painting in like 5 minute dude . zeke yeah , yeah , you and everyone 's kid right ? first of all , no you can not and the proof of that be that you do not . ( more ) 12 . zeke ( cont 'd ) second of all the world do not care about what you might be able to do if you really put you mind to it , the world only care about what you actually do . Mo be leave stare at the painting , Zeke continue on through the exhibit . mo ( v.o. ) a dick in space . that 's Zeke . he should not be here , he should be in college . ext . zeke 's dad be house - flashback three year a group of kid gather around Zeke as he throw the last of he luggage in the car . there be a University of Michigan flag in he back window . some girl be cry . Mo be in the back not say much , but clearly sad to see he friend go . Zeke wave one last goodbye and drive off . the crowd disperse , Mo be the last one stare down the empty street . mo ( v.o. ) he go to the University of Michigan and be persuade by some friend to pledge the fraternity sigma nu . int . frat house - night Zeke be stripped down to he underwear and blindfolded . a group of college senior circle around he , taunting he . one even pour he beer out on Zeke 's head . mo ( v.o. ) I do not know a lot about pledge fraternity , but apparently it be a very rigorous process , and Zeke soon realize it be not for he . Zeke punch the senior stand in front of he , he nail he square in the face . back up , Zeke stumble into another boy and find the beer bottle in he hand . he grab it and smashes it over another boy 's head , blood start pour . at this point the surround boy descend on he viciously . mo ( v.o. ) the frat boy be really upset he do not want to keep pledge . 13. ext . zeke 's dad 's house - 2 week later Zeke 's car come back down the same road it leave only a few week earlier . this time there be no crowd of people in he driveway . just Mo stand alone . Zeke get 's out of the car , he face be black and blue . mo ( v.o. ) one of they dad be the dean and he get Zeke kick out . it be all very political . int . zeke 's dad 's house - continuous Mo help Zeke carry he bag back into the house . in the live room Zeke 's dad be drunk and pass out in front of the television . mo ( v.o . ) Zeke 's dad seem pretty cool about the whole thing . int . museum - present Mo give the painting one last look and go to catch up with he friend . int . school - a hour later Mo walk into the school as the first period be end . the hallway be completely empty . the bell ring and student pour in from everywhere around he . he be in a forest of kid and he barely come up they chest . he push through , miserable and unnotice . int . kaufman house - kitchen table - evening Mo eat with he parent . reuben how be the first day with the car ? mo really good . reuben how be school ? 14. mo good. ( clear he plate ) I gotta go though . reuben where ? mo I be go to go over to Zeke 's . reuben it 's a school night . mo he be help I with my homework . sherri that be so nice of he . mo yeah , he have a lot of this class before so ... reuben ( not convinced ) do not he have work tomorrow ? mo he quit he job . sherri why ? mo they be hire people above he . he have to leave ... it be all very political . sherri so what 's he go to do now ? mo he 's still try to figure that out . he say he want to break into the art world . dad why do not he come here and help you with you homework ? we have not see he in age . int . 15 . mo ( halfway out of the room ) come on , he 's do I a favor . I can not ask he to drive all the way over . dad alright . sherri well , tell he to come over and see we every once in a while . we miss he . mo I will . dad and be careful in that car . mo I will . dad all it take be ten second of stupid to ruin you whole life . mo ( 0.s. ) ( go ) I know . zeke 's apartment - later close up - a quarter landing in a glass of brown liquid . Rack focus to the boy on the other side of the room . zeke homerun !!! 1 ! tony no ! zeke that 's never happen to I before . mo who have to drink that ? zeke you do . 16 . mo ( devastate ) what 's in it . zeke ( blissful ) whiskey , vodka , beer , red wine , robitusin , milk dud , xanax , orange juice . nick ( still hold he eye ) no , he 's go to die . i’1l drink it for he . mo like hell you will . zeke he can do it . he hold the glass up to he face . zeke ( cont ’d ) wait I need music for this . Zeke go over to the speaker and turn up the music . Mo close he eye and chug the drink . zeke ( cont ’d ) ( as Mo chug ) okay , this be for Nick . what would you rather , every time somebody say you name you jiz in you pants or every time you wake up in the morning Mo punch you as hard as he can in the face . Mo finish the drink . mo but I would never do that . zeke it 's a fictional world . in this universe you would have no control over you body . nick can I change my name ? zeke no. 17 . nick momo punch I as hard you can in the arm right now . the boy laugh . mo it would be much more painful in you face - woah I feel weird . nick I know I just want to get a sense of what I be work with . mo it would hurt , I promise . they look at he skeptically . nick I ' 1ll take get punch by the kid . mo fuck you , let I punch you , let I show you what you be in for . zeke okay enough of this it 's my turn . Mo punch Nick right in the face . everybody be stunne silent . then Nick start crack up . zeke ( cont ’d ) what the hell be you do ? mo I do not know I be sorry . I want you to see I could punch . zeke Nick can he punch ? nick I 'il live . mo yeah but it hurt right . Mo collapse on the ground . fade out . 18 . int . classroom - continuous all around he kid be socialize , gather in little clump around the room . he sit alone at he desk with a terrible hangover . mo 's Pov - sophie willit sit on she desk , talk to a group of she girlfriend . she look over to Monroe , he smile and then look away quickly . a boy , jon epstein , come up to Mo 's desk . epstein Monroe , what 's up man ? mo hey Epstein . epstein how do you always get away with skip first period ? it 's incredible . mo I do not know . Mo just want to look at Sophie in peace . epstein I be serious , every time I skip a class I have so many people crawl up my ass . mo I do not know - my friend tell I once , if they do not notice you when you be there , they will not notice when you be not . epstein you be a legend . Mo shrug at the compliment . epstein ( cont 'd ) be you okay ? mo I be a little hungover . epstein but it 's Wednesday . Mo shrug again . 19 . epstein ( cont 'd ) ( under he breath ) incredible . Mo go back to stare at Sophie . Epstein follow Mo 's eyeline across the room . epstein ( cont 'd ) Sophie willit ? mo what ? no ? epstein hey hey , do not get defensive . she be hot . ya know what ... ( move in closer and whisper ) Paul 's parent be go out of town this weekend and we be throw a rager at he house . guarantee Sophie will be there . mo really ? epstein what you think I be lie ? mo do Paul say I could come ? epstein do not worry about Paul . I can invite anybody I want . I have carte blanche . mo okay cool , yeah I 'il come . Sophie look back over at Mo and smile . Epstein see this exchange . epstein oh my god it 's so fuck on . Epstein go back to he desk but remember something . epstein ( cont 'd ) it 's a pimp and ho 's party . mo what do that mean ? epstein guy dress like pimp girl dress like hos . mo what do a pimp wear ? epstein I do not know , robe and chain and shit . mo alright cool . ext . baseball diamond - afternoon Mo be at Baseball practice . he be stand at the plate . he swing hard but miss every time , strike out . he walk away from the plate defeat . int . locker room - afternoon Mo be in the back change out of he baseball gear . a few of the bigger , more senior player be gather around nearby . the ringleader seem to be danny and josh . Mo can not help but overhear they be talk about Paul 's party . mo hey be you guy talk about Paul 's party ? danny ( catch off guard ) what ? no - it 's just , it 's like a birthday thing . josh it 's go to be super low key . just like some close friend and stuff . mo no , it 's cool , Epstein invite I . josh oh really ? mo yeah , pimp and Ho 's party right ? danny yeah . Epstein invite you ? 21 . Mo pack he stuff up and head out . mo yup . see you there . the boy shrug at each other , confuse at what just happen . danny Epstein be go rogue . josh seriously . int . zeke 's apartment - night close up - fighter jet fly through the air . wide to reveal the boy be watch top gun . zeke what do you mean ? you parent love I . mo I know they do . you just have to go over there and be -up the charm . just a little face time every few month to keep they happy . you put on a nice shirt . maybe watch a little football with my dad . and they be off my case . zeke Holly , what do you think of this ? we see on the other side of the room Zeke 's girlfriend holly mccartney be do work on a laptop . holly I think if I have a kid that spend this much time with you , I would be much more concerned than Mo 's parent be . Zeke spark a bong and take a big hit . zeke hey what the hell . I do not ask Mo to come over he just keep show up . mo fuck you man , I will leave right now . 22 . zeke sit down I be kid . he shake he head at Holly like he be not kid . then he pass she the bong . Mo watch as Holly smoke it . zeke ( cont ’d ) stop give Holly the creepy eye . mo ( mortify ) I be not - what ? creepy eye ? zeke she 's not a piece of a meat momo . mo ( change the subject ) I be not - I - I get invite to a party . zeke Atta boy . Way to pull you weight around here . where be we go ? mo you be not invite . zeke what be you talk about ? mo it 's a high school party , you do not want to come . zeke like hell I do not . holly let he make some friend he own age . she pass the bong to Mo but he shake he head . zeke ( intercept the bong ) he do not smoke . holly really ? how old be you ? mo it 's not that - 23 . zeke momo get a little scared when he 's high . mo - I just do not like it . holly do you friend smoke ? Mo look at Zeke sit next to he , rip the bong . mo hmmm . holly I mean you high school friend . mo I do not need High School friend , I have get this guy . zeke ( see through this ) that 's a terrible attitude . what if something happen to I ? or even more likely , what if I get bored of you ? holly Zeke . zeke he know I be kid . he shake he head at Mo like he be not kid . zeke ( cont ’d ) so what be you go to do when you go to this party and everybody be get high and you be sit in the corner with you dick in you hand . mo I be not go to have my - zeke I mean they already think you be a pussy . mo they do not think - 24 . zeke I have get it ! you be go to bring weed to the party . mo what ? no. zeke yes . you show up at that house and you have all the party favor . you be the coolest motherfucker in the room . mo no thanks . zeke I be serious . Holly tell he this be a good idea . I have a ton of weed , I ‘’1l give you a bunch to take to the party . you sell it to you friend . a ) you be the man B ) we make money . Mo look to Holly . holly I be not touch this . mo I do not know - zeke just hold on . Zeke run into he room and come out with six pill bottle fill with weed . zeke ( cont ’d ) look , I have get six of this thing . you sell each one for a hundred buck . you do . we will split it down the middle . mo I do not want to be that guy show up at the party with six bottle full of weed . zeke that 's like say , I do not want to be that guy everybody think be awesome . that 's like I do not want to be that guy girl want to fuck . ( more ) zeke ( cont 'd ) I mean let 's be honest you already have a bit of a noticeablity problem . it 's hard to miss the guy with the drug . mo you think I be go to walk into a party and everybody be go to just want to buy pot from I ? Zeke look at Holly for a response . holly he 's a asshole but he 's right about that . Mo 's cell phone ring . mo shut up it 's my mom. ( he answer the phone ) hi . oh sorry , I forget , I be come home right now . ( he hang up ) I forget to take my shot . zeke bad boy . holly be you diabetic or something ? mo no it 's not like that . zeke he 's juicing . get ready for the big league . mo I be growth hormone deficient . holly you be not that short . like you be not a midgit . zeke he 's my mini I . holly there be a guy I use to go to summer camp with , he have to do that shot thing too - he be way short than you . ( more ) 25 . 26 . holly ( cont 'd ) but it like have a weird reaction , he never grow any taller , but he you - know - what get huge . like really big . her eye move down he body , he turn bright red . zeke Mo mo ( snap out of it ) yeah ? zeke take the weed . mo Fine give it to I . Monroe take the bottle . and leave . zeke you seem to know mister summer camp pretty well ... int . kaufman house - front door Mo walk in to find he Mom wait up for he . mo you do not need to wait up . sherri my baby boy can drive a car , I do not think I be ever go to sleep again . he laugh . mo do you make it ? sherri yeah it 's in the kitchen . mo goodnight . 27 . int . kaufman house - kitchen table - continuous the kitchen table which have be completely clean off since dinner have a small syringe and a alcohol swab rest at the head of the table . Mo stand in front of he shot , he look down at he dick . ext - paul be house - night we follow Mo into the house . he be wear a long white shower robe over he regular clothes and some cheap holloween jewlery . as he walk into the house there be a giant handmade sign that read '' pimp and hos '' in big happy bubble letter as if it actually say happy birthday grandma . the guy be all wear robe or long jacket . the girl be all in basically nothing . CUT to Mo get a beer , unsure of himself . CUT to Mo stare at Sophie , she be the only girl who be not dress like a playboy bunny . Mo narrate over shot of kid socialize , he try to seem like he belong there . mo ( v.o. ) the theme party have be around since before Zeke be in high school and its actually a pretty ingenious idea . most kid can not get into bar yet , so we have to do all we serious drink in basement . normally it 's the same basement , drink the same cheap vodka with the same kid night after night can get a bit repetitive . so you give each party a theme . everybody put on a costume , and boom , new party every night . it also have a very important add bonus . Girls love a good reason not to wear anything . so you give the party a theme with the word ho in it , the girl show up half naked and half you job be do for you . back to Mo 's Pov of Sophie . 28 . mo ( v.o. ) though I have no idea how to complete that job . he start to walk over to she until Epstein , waste , intercept he . Epstein be really go for it , big floppy hat , a cane , a long multicolor coat , a fake moustache . epstein you make it dude . watch Sophie walk away . mo yep , I be here . epstein you get a drink ? Mo hold up he drink . epstein ( cont 'd ) be not this shit the best man . mo yeah it 's pretty good . epstein have you see Sophie yet ? play dumb mo what ? no , I do not know - no . be she here ? epstein dude that girl be a ten . a ten . mo cool ya-sure . epstein see that girl over there . Pov - some random waste girl fall on she ass . mo ya . epstein she 's so fuck hot right ? 29 . mo she 's okay . epstein yeah she 's okay , whatever . I could probably do better . i’1l see you man . Epstein start to walk away then Mo remember something . mo eppy wait . he turn around . mo ( cont 'd ) I bring some drug for you and the guy . it 's cool if you do not want - I just think - it 's stupid . nevermind - epstein ( the music be too loud ) what ? mo ( louder ) I bring marijuana . CUT to : a bathroom in the house a group of sixteen year old '' pimp '' huddle around Mo as he lay the bottle of weed on the sink . epstein Mo , you be a god damn legend . mo do you want it all ? danny yeah we fuck want it all . epstein dude . how much you want for it . mo ( unsure of himself ) what about six hundred dollar . I understand if that 's too much I guess - — 30 . josh you be the fuck man . instantly the guy start pull out wad of cash and throw they at a shocked mo. epstein do I not tell you this kid be one of we , this kid be a ten . the boy cough up a large wad of cash and he stuff it in he giant robe pocket . danny you gonna hang and smoke with we ? mo ( this be not he people ) Nah I be already pretty baked , this stuff be real strong . random pimp legend . back in the party Monroe stand with a group of guy . he still feel out of place . across the room Sophie stand with a group of girl . Mo summon some courage and yell to the group of girl . mo what be this junior high ? girl what ? the guy stop they conversation and look at he . mo I be just say . all you girl over there and we be over here , it kind of feel like a eighth grade dance . Sophie laugh , nobody else do . mo ( cont 'd ) ( point at the two guy he 's with ) I ' 1l trade you he and he for she . he point at Sophie . 31 . guy hey fuck you man . other guy be this kid for real right now ? Sophie laugh and walk over to he . he leave he group . she look sophie I do not think they get you joke . mo that 's alright . sophie I do not know you be friend with they . mo who ? sophie anybody . mo I have friend . sophie okay . mo most of they be older . sophie like you parent ? mo you be hilarious . at the name sewn into he robe . sophie who be reuben ? mo just some pimp I know , let I borrow he robe , no biggie . sophie reuben be you dad . mo reuben be my dad. 32 . sophie do he know you steal he robe ? mo he have twenty , it 's the only thing he 'il wear to work . she laugh . the music change - lcd soundsystem - someone great a girl grab Sophie and pull she away . sophie do you be here mean I be go to be see more of you ? mo I really hope so . she smile and walk away . we follow we hero through the sea of pimp and ho 's out the door of the house , past the kid smoking cigarettes on the front stoop . past Paul freaking out that he parent be go to kill he . past a kid throw up in the bush . he get 's into he car and drive away . dissolve to : int . grocery store - later Zeke and Mo walk down the aisle of a grocery store . Mo push the cart , Zeke read from a list and toss stuff in the cart as they walk . zeke ( read ) pea shoot ? what the fuck be pea shoot ? mo it end up be way easier than I think it would be . zeke break News : kid like drug . ( to another customer in the aisle ) Excuse I do you know what pea shoot be ? she shake she head . 33. zeke ( cont ’d ) ( sotto to himself ) God dammit Holly . mo I know . I just do not think they would want to pay that much . zeke seventeen - year-old do not know how much shit cost . and the rich one that go to you school do not really care . do you think it 's in the produce section ? mo just ask somebody . zeke I just do . mo that be a civilian . ask somebody who work here . they spot a clerk . zeke Excuse I sir . I be look for pea shoot , do you know what that , or that , or whatever it be might be ? clerk pea shoot ? be that a vegetable ? zeke I do not know man . my girlfriend be cooking dinner and she just give I this list of stuff . clerk I be guess that would be in produce . mo Sophie be there too . the clerk yell to another employee . clerk hey Mike , you know what pea shoot be ? 34 . mike pea shoot ? zeke ( mostly to himself ) this girl I swear to god , it can never be like , go get milk , or go get salt . it have to be I need harrissa paste . like that 's even a fuck thing . mo do you hear what I say ? Sophie be there . zeke one thing at a time buddy . mo she look hot too . zeke which one be that ? mo I tell you about Sophie . mike I do not think we have any pea shoot boss . zeke alright , I do not know be there a equivalent ? should I just get regular peas ? mo do not look at I . what 's next on the list ? zeke ( read ) Fish sauce ? clerk you mean like cocktail sauce . zeke I be go to kill she . mo we also need wine she say . 35 . Zeker apartment Mo , Zeke and Holly sit at the table eat dinner . there be a wad of cash off to the side . they be seat the same way he sit with he parent , Zeke and Holly on either end , Mo in the middle . it look like a bizzaro family dinner . Holly read the wine label . holly chateau diana ? zeke it be only three dollar , we get six bottle ! holly you just make like six hunder dollar . zeke that 's all be invest . mo this be really good Holly . holly thanks . zeke she 's the best cook in the god damn world . what would you expect ? holly thank you boy for do the shopping . zeke Mo 's get a crush on a girl . holly who ? mo her name 's Sophie . she 's incredible . holly uch that be so sweet . do she like you ? zeke of course she like he . what 's not to like ? 36 . mo you think ? zeke you be a sixteen year old high school drug dealer with a growth deficiency . I can not think of anything more likable . mo you forget virgin . zeke ( to Holly ) see what I be say , he 's self deprecate too ! I be think about fuck he . mo I do not know . zeke alright this be what you do . give she a lot of attention . call she just to say hi and bullshit . just lay it on real thick . mo wo not she get annoyed ? zeke just listen to I . do that for like three or four week . a lot of attention , she love it , you be funny . maybe she just think of you as a friend and do not plan on hook up with you . but if this girl be as hot as you say she be than she know you want to fuck she , and she love the attention . then after a few day , freeze she out . mo what do you mean ? zeke give she nothing . Radio silence . holly this be disgusting . 37 . zeke hol I be sorry baby , but if you do not like see how the sausage be make then do not eat it . she be mortify . mo finish . zeke where be I ? mo freeze she out . zeke that 's right , give she nothing . she will go nut wonder what she do wrong . why you be not interested in she anymore . this girl who be so use to get attention from every guy suddenly have no idea why she just lose she biggest customer . she will think about you night and day and not know why . after a week or two of silence . that 's when you make you move . she will be so confuse and desperate , she will fuck you the first night . holly I can not listen to this . she take she plate to the kitchen . zeke do I give he bad advice ? holly ( yell from the other room ) no , it 's great advice , and it will definitely work . but I be just say you use this trick because you be a dick . maybe Mo can just be himself and girl will like he because he 's such a great guy . zeke ( call to Holly ) no you be probably right , Holly . Zeke shoot Mo a look that say , '' fuck that freeze she out . '' 38 . Holly come back and rejoin this fuck up family portrait . int . monroe 's bedroom - night he be on the phone , wait for somebody to pick up on the other end . sophie ( v.o . ) hello ? mo Sophie ? sophie yeah . mo it 's mo. sophie hi . mo from school . sophie I know . mo okay cool . sophie what 's up ? mo not a lot . what 's up with you ? sophie do you just call to say hi ? mo I do . sophie oh , cool . hi. mo what be you do ? sophie watch tv. 39 . mo Nice . sophie yep . more silence . sophie ( cont 'd ) you be like the first person to call I just to say hi since I be in the eighth grade . mo ( teasing ) now who 's the one with no friend . sophie I have friend , most of they just text I . mo oh , sure . texting would have be a good idea . sophie yeah , there be fewer awkward silence . Long silence . sherri mo. mo Mom ?? reveal Mom in the kitchen on the other line . sherri you shot be ready . mo okay . sherri who be you talk to ? mo I get what you be say about texting . sophie yeah . 40 . sherri be that a girl ? mo Mom . sherri sorry , I be go . she hang up . sophie you shot ? mo I and my parent do tequila shot after dinner . it 's a tradition . sophie woah . mo yeah , we get pretty turnt up . I will talk to you later . sophie maybe you - mo I will text you later . sophie there ya go . int . kaufman house - kitchen table close up - the needle go in , he push the syringe , inject himself with growth hormone . close up - he drop the use syringe in a transparent orange medical container with hundred of he other use shot . int . hallway - day Mo walk down the hall . instead of push he way through the usual sea of body , some people see he and nod they head in silent recognition . he see 's Sophie and wave . she smile back but he be quickly flanke by Epstein . epstein mo. my man . 41. mo hey eppy . epstein you have a good time at that party ? mo yeah it be fun . epstein it be fuck epic . that party be a ten . mo okay . epstein we be gonna do it again . Leo mcnally 's Mom and dad be take he sister to look at college next weekend . mo and he be dumb enough to let you throw a party in he house ? epstein he 's a team player . it 's for the good of the homy . we be all out there try to have fun , try to get we dick a little wet . if there be more people like Leo and Paul out there , this world would be a better place . mo you should run for President . epstein listen man . we really want you to come . mo I want to - epstein and it would be really cool if you could bring supplies like you do last time . mo yeah , that should not be a- 42 . epstein but we be talk , and weed be cool if its a few guy hang in the backyard on a Wednesday jerk off - mo that 's a thing ? - epstein - but we be try to blow the wall off you know ? mo no. epstein so we be think maybe instead of weed , be there any way you could score some coke ? mo Coke ? like cocaine ? epstein yeah man . it 's cool if you can not . I just think I would ask since you obviously have some kind of hook up . mo ( try to keep he composure ) let I look into it . epstein I mean , you know this dude have cash . I be sure you would be well take care of . mo ( afraid to ask ) if I can not get that stuff . can I still come to the party ? epstein yeah man , of course . how could you even ask a question like that ? mo okay okay . i’1l see what I can do . epstein yes , you be the man . 43. Epstein walk away . Mo be leave alone , a few guy walk by wave hi to he . ext . batting cage - afternoon close up - a baseball bat crush a income pitch . Zeke stand at the plate hit ball and eat a popsicle . Monroe be next to he against the cage , he do not hit but he be wear a helmet . Nick and tony be there as well . zeke how much do they want ? mo I guess as much as we can get ‘em . zeke Nick what do you think ? nick I mean we can get it . that 's not the problem . tony can I bat ? zeke do this kid have the money ? mo yes . zeke I do not want we buy all this shit and you come back with a bunch of seventeen year old ious . mo what do I look like to you ? nick maybe you should go with he to the party . tony it 's my turn you have already have like nine extra swing . zeke Nah ... I be not go to the party . 44 . nick why not . tony Zeke . Zeke start chuck ball at tony . zeke would you shut the fuck up for five second while we figure this out . ( then to Nick ) I be not go to the party because Mo be a minor . if the cop come bust this thing up he 's just like everybody else . they call he parent and give he detention . he take another swing . zeke ( cont ’d ) I be twenty three , I can not be see at this party and I can not be the face of this whole thing . mo well I do not want to be the face of this whole thing . Zeke hand he the bat . tony bullshit it 's my turn . zeke Monroe . mo yeah ? zeke hit the ball . Mo swing and miss it . zeke ( cont ’d ) no no no , you be do it all wrong . you have to use you height to you advantage . if you bend down lower you will have no strike zone , they will walk you every time . Mo squat down , he elbow and knee be practically touch . 45 . zeke ( cont ’d ) perfect . nick he 's in a cage for fuck 's sake , he can not strike out . int . moas car - night Mo and Zeke drive home from the bat cage . the car turn . zeke where be you go ? mo my sister 's . zeke what . no. no . why ? no. mo I tell she since we be go to be on the west side I have come say hi . zeke this be a ambush . mo no it be not , I tell you I have to do this . zeke do she know I be with you ? mo she must assume , I say I be go to the cage with you . zeke do she sound like she want to see I ? mo I can not even express the joy it give I to see you flustered like this . 46 . the car pull up in front of a chic mid-century modern one level house . the front wall be one massive glass window and you can see right inside . zeke I be not go to wait in the car like a asshole . mo okay then come say hi . zeke I do not want to talk to she prick boyfriend . I do not need to hear how awesome he be do and how cool he art collection be . mo he 's not like that at all . he 's nice . zeke he 's a dick . Mo get 's out of the car . mo Fine then stay here I do not give a shit . Zeke think about it for a second then ultimately decide it 's much weirder to wait in the car . int / ext . kate 's house - continuous kate 's boyfriend Doug answer the door . he be extremely handsome and seem genuinely excited to see both of they . doug hey guy ! Zeke walk in behind mo. doug ( cont 'd ) ( super nice ) Zeke , man . how 's it go ? zeke ( like a asshole ) Fine . doug dude I have be tell everybody at work about you . ( more ) 47 . doug ( cont 'd ) they always give I shit that my girlfriend 's ex know more about art than I do , but I love it . I think you have to come work with we as a consultant . zeke I be pretty busy right now ya know . lot of iron in the fire and such . lot of ball in the air . doug no worry , I will not twist you arm . kate come out of the bedroom . kate Mo Mo . this be so sweet . as she go to hug Mo she notice Zeke stand behind he and she expression change . Zeke smile . she get 's flustered . he be she first love , and that do not go away . mo you think I have come all the way across town and not say hi ? kate you do not say you be bring you babysitter . zeke ouch , well the kid need a good role model and I do not see anybody else step up to the plate . she fake punch he in the arm . doug ( oblivious ) look at you two with that same old banter . I love it ! mo we be just come from the bat cage over on division . doug you should have tell I , I love that spot . Zeke seethes with rage . 48. doug ( cont 'd ) you guy want something to drink ? mo sure . zeke do not you have homework mo? mo yeah - but . doug he 's right . you should do that . kate ( she can not help it ) oh relax , one beer . dissolve to : int . kate 's house - later the four of they have be drink and joke around for a while , Zeke look uncomfortable . doug ( to Zeke and Mo ) I think it 's really awesome that you two have manage to stay so close even after Katie and you break up . zeke I need the intern . he be not my first choice , but the climate out there be rough . mo fuck you . zeke alright , I think we should hit it . kate no stay . you just get here . doug you guy should come over for dinner next week . a real visit , none of this pop - in stuff . 49 . zeke alright , well bye . doug see ya later . the boy walk out . doug ( cont 'd ) I really like that guy . int . moas car - same time zeke he be the biggest piece of shit I have ever meet in my life . Mo turn the car on and try to back out of the driveway . zeke ( cont ’d ) ( to himself ) God you sister be so hot . ( to Mo ) let I tell you something . once you sleep with somebody once , it do not matter who they be . you can go fifty year without see they - it 's like have a key or a - mo I be sorry , I be not pay attention do you sleep with a fifty year old ? zeke I have , but that 's not what I be - what 's wrong ? mo the drug stuff . it just seem like a lot ya know . weed be one thing . Coke just feel like a darker territory . zeke it 's not like that at all man . it 's just another thing . it 's not worse . it 's a lateral move . 50 . int . monroe' bedroom - a few night later Monroe 's Pov - he watch out of he front window as a car drive up and stop in front of the mailbox , Nick roll down the window put a package inside and drive off with tony in the passenger seat . they wave at Mo in he window . ext . kaufman house Mo walk down the driveway to the mailbox . int . reuben 's study he find he Father 's briefcase , open it , and empty 's the stack of papers onto the desk . he leave with the empty briefcase . close up - tighten the knot of he tie c1 ose up - put on a black suit jacket . insert - put several bag of coke into the empty briefcase , and close it to reveal he father 's monogram emboss across the top . ext - leo' house we track behind we hero in he suit and tie while he carry he briefcase full of cocaine into the party . he look like a real badass and feel like one too . we follow he into the house where he pass under a banner that say '' ceo 's and corporate hos '' . it soon become clear that everybody else be wear a suit and carry a breifcase . except for the girl who be wear large white dress shirt and little else . int . bathroom we pan across the small bathroom as eight or ten kid in black suit snort coke off of every available surface . at the end of we pan we land on we boy , who be sit on the sink count the money . match CUT to : zeke 's apartment - dinner table Zeke be count the money at the table while Holly bring out the food for another delicious meal she cook . 51 . Monroe pop the cork on a very expensive bottle of champagne and almost fall over from the force . kaufman house - dinner table - another night Zeke sit next to Mo , he be wear a nice shirt and have clean himself up . Sherri bring a delicious meal to the table . family room - later Zeke and reuben be watch football together . Mo be thrilled . moas mailbox he pull out another package party we follow he under a sign that read '' golf pros and tennis hos '' he be dress accordingly . a bunch of young golf pro snort coke and smoking pot . and have the best time . one kid be throw up , another two be make out .. Mo be stand behind Sophie with he arm wrap around she , pretend to show she how to swing a tennis racket . the top 40 music swell . office depot Zeke be in uniform at he job , work late . he be in a red vest and a name tag that say '' isaac '' which he could not hate more . he speak to a older woman . customer I be look for a printer . without look at she he point to a giant xerox machine . zeke how about that one ? customer that seem like a lot , it 's for my home . he point to a small printer . zeke how about that one ? 52 . customer do this do color or just black and white . zeke ma ’am this be not the fifty , all printer be color . he read the label . zeke ( cont ’d ) fuck I , it 's black and white . you would think they have have that figure out by now . he get 's a text . close up - text from mo : $ $ $ $ zeke ( cont ’d ) you know what ma’am , you be go to have to speak to somebody who work here . because that sure as shit aint I anymore . he take off he nametag and stick it in a display shredder on he way out the door but the shredder make a loud jam sound and smoke up . he also grab a box of pen because fuck they . int . house party - night Mo sit in front of three guy . his Father 's briefcase be open and fill with little bag of weed , coke , and other pill . he talk fast and do math in he head . mo alright that 's two gram of the diesel . plus how many bag of coke be that one or two ? just give I 180 for the whole thing . guy 180 ? mo you be get a great deal ! trust I . this be my best shit . Fine , how about this . i’1l throw in a bar of xanax , but now you be literally robbing I . 53 . other guy what be you best weed ? mo I mean that really depend on what kind of high you want . for a relaxed body high I would take this . for more of a head slash mind high , this be you best bet . other guy can I do a mix ? mo yeah , I can do that . one bag of each be gonna be 80 . another guy be this plus the coke go to get I fuck up ? mo ( be this guy a idiot ? ) Big time . match CUT to : int . J crew store - day the boy walk through the store together . Mo come out hold up a black leather jacket . mo what about this ? zeke you can afford it . mo it 's like a ninja coat . zeke ( to salesgirl ) do you have the ninja coat in child size ? int . school - day Mo walk through the hall . New clothes , new haircut , new attitude . he be cool as shit . the kid seem to get out of he way . some say hi , some do not , but everybody know he 's there . at the other end of the hall Sophie be wait for he . 54 . int . party - night Danny , josh and Mo be talk while Epstein break up line of coke . josh God look at this , we have absolutely no hot girl at we school . danny what be you talk about ? jessica , ramona , Sophie , tess - — josh no I be talk about the girl like when we be freshman . the senior then , that girl be out of control . danny true . josh like remember Holly McCartney ? danny oh my god I fuck love she . Mo perk up . mo ya know I be good friend with she . danny what be you talk about ? mo she date my best friend . josh that make I so sad . danny be she still incredible ? mo yeah , she 's pretty great . he see Sophie on the other side of the room . mo ( cont 'd ) I be gonna go do a lap . 55 . Mo walk towards Sophie . danny yeah we be too . Danny and josh leave Epstein alone with he pile of coke . epstein ( to nobody ) hey be nobody go to do this ? I do not like to leave food on the table , guy . angle back on Mo , catch up with Sophie . sophie ( teasing ) I think you only friend be older and more sophisticated . int . zeke 's apartment - later Nick , tony , Zeke and Holly be play beer Baseball . nick alright Zeke . would you rather have all of the hair on you body be silly string , or denim ? zeke denim ? what would that even look like ? it do not matter you be ask the wrong guy , tony 's the one with the hairy chest . tony what kind of denim be it ? nick like some diesel fade design shit . tony silly string . holly would you rather get rape by 10 guy at once and nobody ever find out , or the whole world think you get gang bang by the entire New York jet . but you do not actually do it . nick that just get so real . 56 . at that moment Mo appear in the doorway of the apartment with Sophie . mo I be sorry . be we interrupt something ? the group seem totally catch of guard . and shocked at how pretty Sophie be . nick Fresh blood . zeke do not be weird Nick . sophie ( to Mo ) so this be you secret clubhouse . zeke I hope you blindfolded she on the way here . we can not have the location get out . dissolve to : zeke 's apartment - later everybody be much drunker . the music be much louder . they all have forty ounce bottle of beer duct tape to they hand . Zeke and Nick be wrestle . tony be in the bathroom try to figure out how to pee . Sophie be pick out music on the ipod . Mo and Holly sit on the couch observe everything . holly Sophie be adorable . mo yeah , thanks . so be Zeke . I mean - you know what I mean . Holly laugh . Sophie finally pick a song she like and pull Mo to he foot . the dance , awkwardly , since they have no use of they hand it 's just a lot of rub hip . Holly watch the way Mo look at Sophie . this be the most confident he 's ever look . Sophie throw she hand up in the air , she bottle be empty . sophie finish ! zeke wow . 57 . tony run out of the bathroom , he appear to have piss he pants . tony how be that possible ? nick ( privately ) where do you find this girl , momo ? mo High school , Nick . I find she in high school . zeke alright I have get to put a tent on this circus . it 's bed time . mo we can not drive . zeke Holly will you call the child a cab ? Mo I be sure you have plenty of cash to pay for it . tony can I sleep here ? zeke where be you go to sleep ? Nick be already on the couch . tony I will crash on the floor . just give I a pillow . zeke here take this . he pull out he old football helmet and give it to zeke ( cont ’d ) it 's get extra pad . Way better than a pillow . tony put the helmet on and fall to the floor . tony . 58 . tony ( 0.c. ) this 's 1l work . CUT to : int . taxi - later Mo and Sophie sit in the back of the cab . sophie it 's cute to see the way you look at that guy . mo who , they ? sophie yeah , you love they . mo I do not love they . Zeke be like my older brother . sophie well they love you . and I think it 's sweet . she scoot over to the middle seat so they be sit right next to each other . mo well I be glad you have fun . Mo smile . she smile . they kiss . fade out : int . art gallery - day we pull out from the darkness and widen to reveal Zeke and Mo stand in front of a massive black canvas . they be look at a Richard serra piece , the canvas be so big that the boy seem miniature stand in front of it . int . art gallery - auction room - continuous a large white room with black fold chair . on the far side of the room there be a row of attractive '' gallery girl '' , all of they place bid for collector over the phone . angle on Zeke and Mo sit on the main auction floor . 59 . two art handler bring out a piece . auctioneer we next item up for bid be a lucean cutler oil on canvas . we 'il start the bid at three thousand five hundred . Zeke raise he paddle . the auctioneer take note . another man in the back raise he arm to bid . zeke look at this asshole back here . he think he 's so fuck smug . look at he he 's in work out clothes . oh he just think he have swing by the gallery and pick up a lucien cutler on he way home from the gym . Monroe ? be you listen to I ? monroe who be you talk about ? zeke this guy back here . Zeke raise he paddle again . the bid be now at ten thousand . the gentleman raise he hand , Zeke be furious . CUT to : int . zeke 's car - later the boy sit in the car in the parking lot of a fast food restaurant . the large painting on the back seat behind they . Mo dig through a brown paper bag and give Zeke he burger . mo no pickle ? zeke that 's mine . they eat , not say anything until ... zeke ( cont ’d ) Holly 's piss at I . mo oh. neither boy be emotionally mature enough for this . 60 . zeke yeah . mo be you guy go to break up ? zeke I do not know . mo do you want to ? Zeke shrug . mo ( cont 'd ) be she mad because of all the - he point at the painting . zeke no I do not think she care about that . Girls be just weird man . they get piss at you for shit you do not even know you be do . mo what do not you know you be do ? zeke be a asshole . mo oh. do you apologize ? zeke no I can not apologize . because that mean that I agree I be be a asshole . and I do not . mo zeke Girls be just crazy . they always get this way . but the good thing be , if you date enough of they you will realize that there be only like five different way they can freak out on you . there be nothing that surprise I anymore . mo what could she do ? 61 . zeke it 's more of a general attitude . she could either ignore I completely . Girls think that work on guy because they know it work on they . but guy love be leave alone . mo we do ? zeke you bet you ass we do . zeke ( cont ’d ) she could go the other way and hit I up non stop . just like a hysteric baby and you can not hide from they and you do not know how to make it stop . Holly be not that kind of girl though . she could try to fuck Nick or tony . mo what ? zeke probably Nick . mo ( shocked ) what do you mean ? zeke Girls be nut man . they 'il fuck you best friend if they think that will make you jealous . mo but Nick would never do it right ? Zeke shrug . mo ( cont 'd ) he would ? zeke how be thing go with you girl ? mo Sophie ? 62 . zeke yeah . mo pretty great . zeke you can probably stop give she attention now . mo what ? but she like I . we kiss . zeke yeah , but start ignore she and see how obsessed she get . mo I do not think she 'il - zeke trust I bud . Zeker apartment Zeke hang the painting on he wall . mo I think I be go to take off . zeke you should stay and smoke with I . mo Nah . zeke I promise you will be fine . mo my dad 's birthday party be tonight . zeke be not that in like eight hour ? Zeke pull a bong out of the closet . zeke ( cont ’d ) let 's celebrate . music : top gun - danger zone close up - lighting up the bong 63 . close up - fighter jets taking off close up - the smoke filling the bong close up - the smoke coming out of the jet close up - mo eating a pot brownie close up - alien blow up the white house medium - seventeen year old zeke hit the high striker medium ten year old monroe watch he in awe . mo oh my god what time be it ? zeke like 5 something . mo shit , I have to go . int . monroe 's car - later danger zone be still blast in the backround . Mo be at the wheel swerving through traffic like a madman . he can hear car honk all around he . ext . monroe 's car - same time Mo be actually drive five mile a hour and several car behind he be honk , try to pass . int . monroe 's shower - later Monroe be in the shower , somehow try to wash he eye . he sit down in the shower and take a quick nap . int . bathroom - later he psyches himsef up the mirror . mo you be fine . you be totally natural . you be not stone . people smoke weed all the time and nobody ever notice . you be so fine . 64 . int . kitchen - later his parent sit at the table talk . monroe stand outside the kitchen still try to psyche himself up . he listen to they talk . they start to laugh at a joke he can not hear . on that he walk in laugh as well , he think this will blend he in but he just look like a crazy person . reuben what 's wrong with you ? mo what ? I mean excuse I ? he sit down at the table , still try to appear normal . mo ( cont 'd ) be we go to this thing ? sherri oh no . reuben what 's wrong with he ? reuben I think I know . Monroe can hear they talk but can not bring he mouth to rebuttal . so he just continue to act as if nothing be happen . mo I totally forget , happy birthday ! he get up and give 's he father a hug . sherri what be we go to do ? reuben I do not know this be a nightmare . ( to Mo ) how could you do this on my birthday . mo do what ? 65 . sherri do you have any idea how much trouble you be in ? mo hmm ? reuben let 's just go we be go to be late . sherri should we leave he at home ? reuben I do not know how to explain to my parent that Mo get too stone . mo guy , you be wrong . sherri about what ? mo everything . all of it . reuben Jesus Christ . int . car - later the parent sit up front . reuben drive . Mo be in the backseat , trap in he own mind . reuben this be exactly what I be talk about . ten second of stupid . mo I think it 's be a misunderstanding . sherri please stop talk Monroe . reuben listen , when we go inside . you kiss you grandparent hello . you say nothing else . be you listen to I ? 66 . mo 's Pov - his parent be move in slow motion and sound like the teacher from Charlie Brown . the car pull up to Mo 's grandparent house . his parent give each other one last look . sherri please do not eat too much . reuben oh shit , you be right . ( to Mo ) do not even go near the buffet . just say hi and go sit down somewhere , I will give you food . ext - grandpparent house the three of they walk to the door . sherri we good ? mo we be great ! reuben you be a real idiot . the door open . it 's Mo 's grandmother . grandmother hello ! come on in . take off you coat . the family take off they jacket . grandmother ( cont ’d ) hi Monroe . mo what - hi. grandmother how 's school go ? mo ( long pause ) a lot . buffet Mo walk past , eyeing the mini hot dog . 67 . reuben ( sotto ) do not even think about it . table Mo sit at the table not say anything . kate and Doug be on either side of he . the three of they whisper to each other . kate how high be you right now ? mo quiet . kate nobody can hear I . mo how obvious be it ? doug nobody can tell , you be do great . kate do Mom and dad know ? mo I be not sure . I do not think so . across the table reuben glare at he son . CUT to : monroe in he room on the phone with zeke zeke ( v.o. ) ( on the phone ) ground ? mo Big time . zeke you will never guess what I be do right now . mo what ? 68 . zeke I be shave . reveal Zeke be in he bathroom shave , he have a bluetooth phone in he ear . mo what do you mean ? zeke I get one of that bluetooth thing . I be fuck shave and talk to you at the same time . mo I be in a lot of trouble man , will you just focus . zeke be you allow to go to school ? mo yes Isaac , my parent be not ban I from go to school . zeke that 's good I guess . you be still go to that party tomorrow night right ? mo be you listen to I at all . zeke Mo , you gotta go . Nick already get everything . mo I can not . zeke sneak out . you have to momo . you ’11l be fine . sherri Monroe ? reveal Sherri in the kitchen on the other phone line . mo I be on the phone . mom who be you talk to ? 69 . mo Zeke . sherri hi Isaac . I be guess Monroe tell you he be in a bit of trouble . zeke yes he mention that . sherri I just do not understand where this kid be get the drug . zeke be you kid I ? the kid at he school , it 's everywhere . I bet they be sell it right there on the playground at recess . mo I be a junior in high school we do not have recess or a playground . sherri be this go on when you be in high school ? zeke I have hear about certain kid do it . and I be at one or two party where it be offer to I , but it just seem so gross ya know ? it 's like why do that to yourself ? the human brain be a gift , we need to treat it like - mo alright rabbi , thank you for that I think she get 's it . sherri I wish some of that would rub off on you friend . zeke I be try . oh hey Mrs. k , guess what I be do right now ? mo she do not care . zeke I be shave . 70 . sherri how ? zeke bluetooth . sherri wow . zeke I know . sherri alright , well good night Isaac . Mo , you shot be ready . mo okay I be come down . she hang up . mo ( cont 'd ) I hate you . zeke I think they be go to let I adopt you . mo Goodbye . zeke you be go to the party . Mo hang up . int . school - day Monroe walk down the hall . he see Sophie , she see he , he do not say anything . she be confuse but shake it off . Mo be very unsure of this plan . Epstein approach . epstein yo baby . you come tonight ? mo I do not know , might have to sit this one out . epstein no no no . you can not miss this . 71 . mo I be ground , dude . my hand be tie . epstein sneak out . come after you parent go to sleep . mo listen man , I say I can not . epstein I be begging you . just then the two boy see Danny and josh be escort out of the principal office . mo what be josh and Danny do in Mr. wool 's office . epstein what ? mo look , Danny and josh be just talk to Mr. wool . epstein I do not know man . that could be anything . mo fuck this . epstein you be be paranoid man . mo the school be on to we . I have get to sneak out of my house . I be the only one take a risk . epstein we be all take risk baby . mo do not call I baby . epstein you need to calm down mo. nobody know anything . Mo hate have this conversation in school . 72 . mo will you just keep it down . epstein so we have a deal ? mo the price be go up . epstein I love you . I fuck love you . oh by the way you think you could bring some ecstasy . mo what do I look like to you ? epstein be this a trick question ? Mo just stare at he . epstein ( cont 'd ) ya know what . forget about ecstasy . I have a huge exam tomorrow anyway . int . kaufman kitchen - night Mo 's parent be in the kitchen drink wine and talk . upstair insert - text from sophie : '' mo ? '' it kill he but he ignore it . Zeke better be right . Mo be in he room directly above they , move around quietly . he put on camouflage pants and a camouflage shirt . he go to the bathroom where he have laid out green and black face paint . he paint he face . Mo move to the window of he bedroom . from outside the window we see Mo open the window and climb out onto the ledge of the house . the second floor be not that high up , but Mo 's height make the drop seem much scarier . he grab on to a nearby tree and try he best to shimmy to the ground . eventually he fall off and land in some bush . from the kitchen window he parent be oblivious to the whole thing . 73. try to stay under the view of the window , he crawl to the end of the driveway . ext . house party - night Mo walk into the house . the banner read '' GI joe and army hos '' . we hero blend in nicely in a sea of military fatigue ( and camo underwear . ) eppy be on he knee drink from a beer bong , but the crow surround he rush over to greet Mo , leave he alone on he knee hold the giant funnel to he mouth . Sophie see Mo and wave . ignoring she , he walk with a group of boy to the bathroom . int . zeke 's apartment Zeke be on he couch with a bowl of cereal . he be in he boxer and have the phone pin between he shoulder and he ear . zeke you have a pretty voice . int . art gallery - auction - intercut one of the phone bank girl , allison . allison Mr. presanti , the bid be up to six thousand . zeke would you like to have dinner with I ? allison Mr. presanti , if you want to just tell I you maximum bid , I will just bid to you max and you do not need to sit on the phone . zeke you be not enjoy talk to I as much as I be . allison I be in the middle of a auction . 74 . zeke can you go someplace quiet ? she laugh . zeke ( cont ’d ) I be make you laugh . do you have a boyfriend ? allison this be really inappropriate . zeke something tell I there be not any rule about flirt with prospective buyer . something tell I it be recommend or they would not have such pretty girl like yourself work the phone . allison I do not have a boyfriend . zeke of course you do not . I be recently break up with . allison why do she break up with you ? as allison talk she make silent handmotion to the auctioneer raise he bid at will . zeke I do not know . ( he turn to the other room ) why do you break up with I ? Holly walk from the kitchen through the live room carry a bag of she stuff . she give he the middle finger on she way out . zeke ( cont ’d ) I think it 's still a little raw . the auctioneer bang the podium . allison congratulation , you be now the proud owner of a 8,000 dollar fujikawa painting . 75 . zeke be it any good ? allison meh . int . house party - same time Mo come out of the bathroom first . he look around the party and then we track behind he to the front door like we always do , except before he can make he escape somebody block the exit . sophie what be wrong with you ? mo Excuse I ? sophie you have be a dick to I all week . mo I know - I be not , I - - sophie you do not seem like a asshole but maybe that 's you secret . you be a secret asshole . she start to walk away . mo I be not . it be not my idea . I be sorry . Zeke think if I do not give you attention you would like I more . sophie you be a idiot . mo I know . a big idiot . huge one . please . give I another chance . I will not mess it up . she look at he . mo ( cont 'd ) let 's go on a real date . none of this dress up bullshit . let 's go out for real . 76 . sophie you gonna take anymore advice from you friend ? mo he 's dead to I I swear ! int . moas car - moment later with smear face paint Mo drive home completely ecstatic . he sing david bowie - young american 's at the top of he lung as he drive . wide shot - kide at the party dancing and making out ext . moas house - night Mo stand in front of he window try to jump up and reach the tree branch . he can not do it . he give it a run start but still no luck . mo oh fuck it . he walk in the front door . dissolve to : close up - a car wheel spinning int . car - same time Three obscure boy in army fatigue drive in a cloud of weed smoke and sing along with the radio . close up - the tire skid off the side of the road sfx - car crash dissolve to : int . principal office - day the principal sit at he desk with a uniform police officer stand behind he . they talk to a man and woman 77 . officer I just do not want there to be any confusion between we . I do not want you to think that you son be off the hook , because he be not . the only reason you be sit here talk to we be because I ama practical person . I be not try to clog a leak with my finger I be try to build a dam . I be try to rid this community of all the underage drink and drug that go on almost every night . Jonathan be behind the wheel of a car , not only drunk , but stone on marijuana and cocaine . and like I say the only reason you be sit here today be because I want to know who be responsible for sell this drug to he and he friend . we pan from the distraught parent to reveal Epstein sit in the corner of the office , hold back tear . officer ( cont 'd ) principal wool have be very generous in allow to keep Jonathan enrol in school on the basis of he cooperation . monroe 's house - day his parent be sit at the table . reuben be read the paper . sherri Monroe want to go out . reuben to a party ? not a chance - sherri on a date . reuben be impressed . reuben my Monroe ? with who ? sherri Sophie something . reuben what do she look like ? 78 . sherri do it matter ? reuben no of course not , I be just - it 's you call , I do not care . sherri I do not like he drive after that car accident . reuben so say no . sherri well I do not want to take this away from he - reuben so say yes , for christ sake what do you want from I ? sherri maybe we can send he with somebody , have somebody else drive ? int . / ext . kaufman house reuben answer the front door for Zeke . reuben hi Isaac . zeke Mr. Kaufman . reuben come on in . int . kitchen - moment later the four of they sit around the kitchen table . sherri you understand Zeke this be a special privilege for Mo . zeke yes. 79 . sherri a group of boy in Monroe 's class get in a car accident , there be drug and alcohol in they system . zeke oh my goodness . mo do we really have to do this ? reuben will you go wait for Isaac in he car . Isaac throw he he car key , Mo leave the room . reuben ( cont 'd ) no drink . no drug . zeke get it . but what about mo? reuben what ? zeke it be a joke . reuben Sherri be very worried about this kid drunk drive around . zeke I would never let anything happen to mo. reuben listen Isaac , I like you . and that Eddie haskel shit work wonder on Sherri but not I . I work in advertising ... so ... ( off Zeke 's unsure look ) Mo look up to you , he never have a older brother , and that 's how he 's always see you . zeke I understand . reuben I be not you father . just -just sometimes I think you and you friend forget he be sixteen . 80 . zeke yes sir . reuben take a twenty dollar bill out of he pocket and slip it into Zeke 's hand . zeke ( cont ’d ) Mr. Kaufman , I can not . reuben please take it . zeke I like hang out with Mo , it be not a job . reuben that 's why I be give you this . because it be a job . if he start smoking dope and drink , you be not do you job . zeke well I think he 's a pretty good kid . reuben I do too . zeke so can I have a raise ? reuben get out of my house . int . zeke 's car - later the boy be drive to pick up Sophie . mo listen , do I a favor . zeke what ? mo do not be you tonight . zeke ( laugh ) who would you like I to be ? 81 . mo I be serious . you shitty advice almost cost I this date . I just do not want tonight to be the Zeke show . zeke the Zeke show ! ? mo you know what I mean . you do not always have to be the bride at every wedding and the corpse at every funeral . zeke how long have you be wait to use that one ? mo a while . zeke you need to relax . mo do not tell I to relax , I be very relaxed . why ? do I not seem relaxed , fuck it . turn around . zeke do you not trust I ? mo I trust you . zeke would you even be go on a date if it be not for I ? mo I be go on this date in spite of you . zeke would you have kiss she if it be not for I ? mo what kind of credit be you look for here ? the car pull up in front of Sophie 's house . Zeke honk the horn . 82. mo ( cont 'd ) do not do that . I will go get she . zeke no you will not . trust I , this be better . zeke ( cont ’d ) here , take this . he pull out a small pill from the pocket of he jean jacket . mo what be it ? zeke it 's a valium . it will chill you out . make you much more appeal . mo actually ? zeke yeah . mo do it have any side effect ? zeke no , just do not drink too much . mo I be not plan on drink at all . zeke then you 's 1ll be great . he take the pill . then look to the house . Pov - Sophie come out . she look great . Zeke open the middle compartment and then back in he pocket . then around as if he be search for something . mo what 's wrong ? zeke do not freak out . mo about what ? 83. zeke I think I just give you a ambien . mo what ? Sophie be almost at the car . zeke ( he take a pill out of the bottom of the cup holder ) because here be the valium and I only have one . mo what kind of a operation be you run here ? zeke it 's go to be okay . mo you give I a sleep pill , why would you even bring that ? zeke it be a accident . he look out the window . frantic . mo how long do I have ? zeke Minutes . mo Minutes ? zeke maybe twenty good one . Sophie reach she hand to open the back door . mo abort . abort . drive the car . Zeke start to drive the car . Sophie be confuse . mo ( cont 'd ) no , stop . fuck . the car stop . Sophie get in . 84. sophie ( half laugh , half serious ) what be that ? mo I be sorry , Zeke drive like a retard . Zeke shoot he a look . then look at Sophie . sophie be this you idea of not involve Zeke in we relationship ? mo I be sorry , I do not want this either . zeke hey , I have get feeling you two . sophie where be we go ? zeke yeah Romeo , where be we go . mo ( scared to death ) something fast I think . right ? sophie I have nowhere to be . zeke ( start to enjoy this ) I either . mo I think you have that thing in twenty minute Zeke ? that appointment ? zeke no I be severely unemployed thanks for remind I . sophie be everything okay ? mo yeah , it 's fine . 85 . zeke he 's just nervous I think . would you relax ? you guy have already kiss right ? zeke ( cont ’d ) ( to Sophie ) he kiss you right ? sophie yes . Mo be mortify . zeke ( to Mo ) see dude you be fine , the hardest part be over . ( to Sophie ) how be he ? mo oh for the love of god would you - sophie he be good . mo what ? zeke do not sound so surprised buddy I bet you be great . Mo have a very pleased look on he face . zeke ( cont ’d ) okay youngin , where be this love bus go ? mo I do not know . ( to Sophie ) whatever you want to do . zeke never tell a girl you 'il do whatever she want , pretty soon she be go to want to do you friend . mo ( sotto ) Zeke show ? 86 . zeke sorry , I be just try to help . mo Ice cream ? zeke be you ask she or - mo Ice cream ! zeke there it be . sophie he really be you relationship coach . mo he 's more of a sociopath than a coach . she laugh . Zeke look to Mo and give he a thumb up . zeke ( mouth ) you be do great . mo ( mouth ) fuck you . ext . ice cream spot - later they sit outside at a picnic table eat . Mo be hold onto consciousness for dear life . zeke okay I have get one . sophie alright go . zeke would you rather every time you take a shower gatorade come out of the faucet or - sophie that 's gross . can I shower in the sink ? 87 . zeke hmm . no . you can drink water but any time it touch you body it be gatorade . or everything you eat from now on will taste like pickle . no matter what the fuck it be , it taste like pickle . sophie I like pickle . zeke every day for every meal for the rest of you life ? sophie it 's better than pour sticky color water all over myself . ( to Mo ) what would you do ? mo which one be that bad guy ? sophie Excuse I ? Mo force a out of place laugh . mo sort of taste like breakfast food even though you would not right or no ? no . Zeke shake he . zeke hang in there buddy . mo you know what would go great with this ice cream ? pyramid . sophie be he have a stroke . mo it 's not I fault . you be pretty I like you you be pretty . zeke ( sotto to Mo ) stop fight it , you be make it worse . 88 . mo ( shutting he eye ) I be just close for one minute . not even . Mo fall asleep , collapse into he cup of mint chocolate chip . sophie oh my god . int . zeke 's car - moment later Zeke and Sophie sit in the front . Monroe be asleep but propped up in the back seat . zeke well this be a strange situation sophie yeah . zeke listen , do not let this whole , Mo pass out thing turn you off . he really be a great guy . and this be probably like 10 percent my fault . sophie you guy be really run a great operation over here . zeke that 's what he say ! see you two be perfect for each other . ( then ) okay , let 's get you home . int / ext kate kaufman house - later Monroe 's older sister answer the door . Zeke be hold Mo like a baby in he arm . zeke ( as if nothing be wrong ) hey kate . kate oh my god what 's wrong with he . 89 . zeke ( annoyed at she lack of manners ) how about : hi Zeke . Nice to see you . how be you ? it 's be a long time . this be a nice surprise . you look great . do you lose some weight ? I can not stop think about you . kate do he need to go to the hospital ? zeke ( stepping into the house ) no , he take a ambien . accidentally . I let he out of my sight for one second and you know - ( then ) you have do a little redecorate since the last time we be here . kate you drugge he ? be he go to be okay ? zeke you know I recently come into a small collection of art myself . a few cutler , a fujikawa print . mostly up and comer . you should come over some time and check it out . kate I be call my parent . zeke please do not . he 's fine I promise . he just need to sleep this off . can I put he down somewhere ? kate put he on the couch . Zeke walk over to the couch and lay he down . he wait until kate be look in he direction and then kiss Mo on the forehead . zeke ( for she benefit ) it 's go to be okay buddy . 90 . kate so what I just wait until he wake up and then take he home ? zeke I would really feel more comfortable wait with he . you parent be not expect he home for a few hour , he ’1ll be up by then . she look at he , know full well what he 's do . zeke ( cont ’d ) you dad give I a big speech , there may have be a cash bribe . I do not want he to think he can not trust I with Mo 's safety . kate ( indicate she pass out brother ) yeah I do not know why he would ever think that . Mo look up to you . you have to take better care of he . zeke ( defensive ) I reuse that pill bottle over and over . it 's very hard to keep track . ( he look to Mo then turn back to kate ) do you have any water or something ? kate that 's a good idea , do you think he 'il drink it . zeke I mean more for I . she roll she eye and walk into the other room . Zeke look around at the house . zeke ( cont ’d ) so where 's what - his-face ? kate ( 0.s. ) ( from the other room ) you know he name . zeke where be Doug ? gl . kate ( v.o. ) Doug be at a open . zeke that sound about right , what a prick . why do not you go ? kate ( v.o. ) I do not feel like get dress up . Zeke look at he sleep friend on the couch and then get up and go to the kitchen . he come up from behind and put he arm around she . zeke you know if you be my girlfriend , you would never have to get dress up for anything . she pretend not to like what 's go on . kate of course not , we would just smoke pot and watch top gun every night until we starve to death . she turn around so they be face to face . kate ( cont 'd ) you be not a kid anymore . but he be . and you be not do he any favor . get he stone before my dad 's birthday . drugging he like this , and god know what else . zeke ( think about everything else ) that 's pretty much it . kate it 's obvious that he hang out with you so he can feel cool . but one day he be go to wake up and realize you be just hang out with he because you need to feel cool too , and he be the last person on earth who think you be . and then he will not . this land hard with Zeke . he drop he head , this be the most vulnerable we have see he . 92 . kate ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . that be maybe too far . he lift he head and kiss she . kate ( cont 'd ) ( pull away ) what be you do ? zeke I just think - kate that be what you take away from what I just say ? Long silence . zeke I love you . kate do not say that . even if it 's true do not say it . he kiss she hard , this time she do not pull away . dissolve to : int . zeke 's car - later Mo slowly wake up and try to get he bearing . he be sit in the passenger seat . they be park in front of Mo 's house . mo what happen ? zeke you do great tonight buddy . mo I fall asleep . ( waking up ) you drugge I . ( very awake ) oh god you son of a bitch what do you do ? zeke it 's fine . everything be fine . relax . mo do not tell I to relax . the last time you tell I to relax I pass out in my Ice cream . oh fuck , I need to call she . zeke no no man , it be cool . like you do not give a shit . like you could not be bother to stay awake . mo you really be a psycho . Mo get 's out of the car . Zeke sit in the car . think about what kate about this boy who 's life he continue to mess up the music and drive away . ext . moas house - same time before Mo can make it to the front door he get 's call . mo hello ? - right now ? - be everything okay ? - I be sort of - nothing - can it wait until tomorrow ? okay I be on my way . Mo walk to he car and get 's in . ext . apartment build he ring the buzzer . mo it 's I . the front door buzze and he rush in . int . apartment 93 . say . think up . he turn 's a phone Holly open the front door , she be in a towel , fresh out of the shower . she hold a empty drink in she hand and Mo can smell the whiskey come out of she pore . mo what 's wrong ? 94 . holly come in . mo you make it seem like you be in trouble . holly oh stop be dramatic . mo ( still panting a little ) I ? you literally say '' come quick I be in trouble . '' holly you be hilarious . ( then ) I be go to go get dress . make we a refill . mo um - — he walk over to the bar she have set up in the corner of the studio apartment . mo ( cont 'd ) I have to be up really early tomorrow , I should probably - holly so just because I and Zeke break up you do not want to be my friend anymore ? that 's pretty lame . mo no it 's not that . holly one drink . I just want to catch up . he give up . she put on a record , something sexy . mo you apartment be very adult . he fumble he way around the bar try to remember how Zeke make whiskey sour . when he finally finish he bring the drink into the room where Holly be sit at a white vanity next to she bed . she be completely naked comb she hair . he can see she body reflect in the mirror . she smile at he . 95 . mo ( cont 'd ) ( gulp ) I think you just want to catch up ? she put on a turquoise silk robe and stand up to face he . mo ( cont 'd ) you do not want to - holly you be a really good guy . his voice crack . mo thanks . holly you be a lot better than you friend . mo well I - I do not think it 's a competition . we both have we strength - — she open she robe . mo ( cont 'd ) - and weakness . holly have you ever think about do this with I ? mo yes . she push he onto the bed . sfx - a crowd cheer ext . baseball field - day Mo walk up to the plate . everybody in the stand be chear for he , include Zeke , tony and Nick . Mo clearly have a pit in he stomach . the first ball fly by . ump strike. 96 . he look at Zeke who motion for he to get lower . Mo crouch down . the pitch ... ump ( cont 'd ) Ball 1 pitcher he 's too short , I have nowhere to put the ball . nick ( yell from the stand ) hey asshole I 'il show you where you can put the ball . the pitch ... ump Ball 2 . angle on the boy clap . angle on Mo look at Zeke , feel terrible . zeke I be worried about mo. nick what about he ? zeke I think we be get he in over he head . the pitch ... ump Ball 3 . nick he 's loving it . zeke he 's loving it because he think he 's impress we . nick so what do you want to do ? zeke I do not know , I think he be just lose it a little . that kid crash the car , and the roofie date . I be just worried - 97 . tony ( godfather impression ) this be not the life I want for my boy . the pitch .... ump Ball 4 . take you base . Mo walk to first base . zeke ( yell from the stand ) there you go baby . just like that . every time , every fuck time . ( sit down ) Love that little shrimp . int . moas room - night it 's snow outside . Mo be on the phone as he look out he window and see Nick and tony pull up outside the mailbox . mo they just get here . Zeker apartment Zeke be talk on he bluetooth while do crunch . zeke alright . you okay ? mo yeah , I be good . do I not seem good ? I be good . I swear . zeke be you just nervous about see Sophie ? mo no , no . I mean , yeah sort of . zeke well do not worry , it 's go to be great . I know she like you . you already have it on lock . mo you think ? 98 . zeke you be go to do great . mo alright , I 'il talk to you after . Mo hang up feel like a big asshole . ext ./ int . house party night we track behind Mo as he walk into the party . this be easily the biggest house we have see yet . snow cover the front yard . the banner in front read '' Christmas bros and Ho Ho hos '' unlike everybody else , Mo do not really feel like dress like Santa . basement he see a girl he recognize . mo hey do you know if Sophie be here ? girl no. mo no she 's not here or no you do not know ? the girl be go before he can finish he sentence . int . zeke 's apartment - night Zeke be play video game and eat cereal in he underwear . there be a knock at the door . he get 's up to answer it . it 's Holly , she have be cry . zeke hey you okay ? come in . without say anything she move to the couch and try to catch she breath . zeke ( cont ’d ) what 's wrong ? holly I miss you . 99 . zeke hol . holly I know I screw up with the whole Mo thing . zeke what whole Mo thing ? int . house party - basement Mo walk out of the bathroom , shove a wad of cash in he pocket . on the other side of the party we see Epstein wear a elaborate Santa costume . he watch mo. Mo try one more time ... mo hey have you see Sophie ? random dude who 's Sophie ? mo never mind . extreme close up - phone call eppy , stand in front of the house on the phone . eppy yes , Officer Peters ? it 's Jonathan Epstein . the kid you be look for be at 2253 ridgeland . ( hat what he be do ) yes , I see the drug . we be tight on Epstein but can still make out the booming party behind he . eppy ( cont ’d ) yes . his name be Monroe Kaufman . he hang up the phone feel embarrassed and pathetic . int . house party - same time Mo be about to leave the party when Sophie walk in . sophie mo. 100 . mo there you be . sophie you look for I ? mo yes. sophie well I be here . be you leave ? mo no . not anymore . he turn around and walk back in with she . int . zeke 's car - same time Zeke be drive he car and stuff he face with a cheeseburger and smoking a joint and sing along with ashanti 's foolish on the radio . zeke ( to himself ) my Mo ? int - party Mo and Sophie be off in the corner watch drunk kid act drunk and stupid . Mo be nervous , he keep open he mouth to talk and then decide not to until ... mo I be sorry about the other night . sophie it 's okay . Zeke tell I what happen . mo I think I be realize that Zeke may have no idea what he be talk about . it 's hard to hear he over the music . sophie you want to go upstairs ? mo um , yeah , sure . they leave the kitchen and walk up stair into a bedroom . we see Epstein dress as Santa look angry at the world . he watch they go upstairs , then chug he beer . int . party - upstair bedroom - continuous Mo close the door . mo hi. sophie what be you say ? Sophie sit down on the bed . zeke 's car —- same time still drive , eat and sing . he slow down when he see three police car turn down a nearby subdivision . he look at the street sign and instantly know where they be go . he throw the joint out the window , eat a breathmint , spray some freshener and make a u-turn . as he turn onto the street he be stop by one of the police car . they light be off and they be form a quiet barricade . a officer walk to he window . officer sorry , this street be close off . zeke what 's go on ? officer some house party get out of hand . kid sell drug . zeke ( now very worried ) do you know who ? officer we be go to need you to take another way home . zeke it could just be somebody watch tv too loudly . you should not jump to conclusion . 102 . officer either way sir you need to keep move . zeke this seem like a real waste of manpower for a little house party . people be get shot up in the street for god sake . officer Sir be you say you be aware of a shoot go on right now ? zeke what ? no ? what ? I be just - this be my tax dollar at work man . officer Sir if you do not - zeke I be go I be go . Zeke pull he car around the corner and park it . he get out and start run through backyard towards the big house at the end of the street . int . bedroom - same time Mo be pace back and forth in front of the bed . mo can we start over and have a first date so that we can have a first date where I do not pass out in front of you and my sister 's ex - boyfriend -- sophie sure ... mo -- but also not totally start over to before we kiss , because that be stressful enough and this time I ' 1l just tell you how much I like you instead of take Zeke 's advice to play it cool because let 's face it Zeke 's advice can only really get I as far as Zeke and be that how far I want to go , you know ? I do not know . I be -- 103 . sophie ( interrupt he rant ) how much do you like I ? Mo snap to attention . mo I really like you . sophie I like you too . you know I like you before I meet Zeke . I like that you never try to fit in . mo ya ? he sit down on the bed next to she . sophie yeah I think you be like some cool mysterious bad boy that play by he own rule . mo ( sarcastic ) oh yeah , that 's totally I . mister bad ass . they kiss . int . / ext . party - front door - same time Three cop burst through the front door . forty santas and slutty elve scream and run in every direction . officer nobody move . where the hell be Monroe Kaufman . they look at a nearby coffee table where a bag of cocaine have be leave out . officer 2 do not let anybody out . officer where be Monroe Kaufman ? eppy ( point upstairs ) he 's upstairs in that bedroom . 104 . bedroom they stop kissing . mo do you hear my name ? sophie of course I hear you name the cop be scream it . Mo jump up . mo I be really hope that be in my head . outside Zeke be almost there . he be trudging through the deep snow . zeke fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck . bedroom a loud knock on the door . officer ( 0.c. ) Monroe Kaufman be you in there ? open this door . this be the police . mo oh my god . sophie how do they know you name ? Mo start pace around the room , not sure what to do . shit shit shit shit shit . outside zeke fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck . bedroom mo shit shit shit shit shit . 105 . sophie what be go on ? Mo move to the window at the opposite end of the room . it face the backyard . he open the window and look down . there be a large patch of soft powdery snow , enough to cushion he fall . he climb out onto the ledge . sophie ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? Mo look out the window . mo they 'il never take I alive . sophie what ? mo no , I be kid . they 'il totally take I alive . he kiss she then jump out of the window . he fall through the soft powder ... crack ..- into the freeze over swim pool . under water Mo be struggle . try to find a way out of the freeze pool . everything go silent . outside of the pool Zeke get to the backyard of the house and look around frantically . he see Sophie in the second floor window . she point to the pool . under water terrify , Mo close he eye and curl up in the fetal position . Zeke appear under the water swim towards mo. as Zeke pull Mo to the surface , several twenty dollar bill fall out of he pocket and float around they . 106 . outside of the pool Zeke emerge , soaking wet with Mo , who be unconscious , throw over he shoulder . the music swell . Zeke turn away from the house and run with he friend into the wood . Zeke carry Mo deep into the snowy wood as fast as he can . int . epstein 's parent minivan - same time Epstein sit in the backseat look out in the window as kid run in every direction from the house . he destroy the only thing he ever love . a tear fall down he face as the bust up party fade into the white snowy darkness . int . zeke 's apartment - bathroom we push in on Zeke 's shower . he be fully dress hold he friend , try to warm he up under the hot water . int . zeke 's apartment —- live room Mo come out of the room , he be wear new clothes that be way too big on he and drying he hair with a towel . Zeke be sit on the couch . mo I be so screw . they know my name . they can find I . I can not live here forever . it 's not big enough . zeke do you sleep with Holly ? mo oh fuck . no. zeke mo. mo I be so sorry . Zeke , you have to understand . it happen so fast and I have never - and she - and the towel - wait why be we even talk about this ? my life be over . ( more ) 107 . mo ( cont 'd ) so can we just figure that out and then get back to whatever else be go on here . zeke oh relax . you will be fine . mo easy for you to fuck say . you have literally never care how this be go to end for I . ( it sink in ) I need to run away , change my name or something . oh shit ... my parent . Mo collapse against the wall and start to cry . Zeke be unsure what to do . he try to remember if he have ever see Mo cry before and if he equip to handle this . zeke well I mean you do not need to go kill yourself . Mo do not answer . he just hyperventilate into he hand . zeke ( cont ’d ) okay ya know what , I think about , and I forgive you for the Holly thing . we friendship be stronger than that . mo ( through tear ) I be go to go to jail and end up like you . zeke come on , man . you be not go to end up like I . mo of course I be . look at I , it 's already happen . I be you . zeke ( genuinely curious ) and that 's a bad thing ? mo ( sobbing ) it 's a nightmare . zeke sure. 108 . he stare at he little distraught friend . zeke ( cont ’d ) look , when the cop come , just tell they I do it , say I be bring you the drug and maybe you can make a deal or something , I dunno . Mo stop cry and look up . mo really ? zeke fuck it . sure . yeah , I mean . ( point out he shitty apartment / life ) what 's the worst they can do to I ? Mo stand up . mo be you sure ? zeke go home before I change my mind . Mo move to the door . zeke ( cont ’d ) they would rather arrest a big fish like I anyway . Mo freeze , and turn on a dime , wiping away the last of he tear . he open the door . mo I be the biggest fuckin’ fish there be . Mo leave , slamm the door behind he so hard that Zeke 's new painting fall off the wall and crash to the floor . Mo come back in to survey the damage . mo ( cont 'd ) oh shit , I be sorry . zeke I be glad you could stop cry long enough to make such a dramatic exit . that be a first edition fujikawa print . ass. 109 . mo should I stay and help clean up or - zeke Goodbye . int . classroom - the next day we be back where we start at the beginning . Mo be sit in the back of the room space out . when the principal and Officer Peters walk into the room he know exactly what be go on . principal Monroe . mo yeah . int . hallway - moment later Mo be lead down the hall in handcuffs , the sea of body that he be push he way through a few month earlier completely split . fade out . one month later fade in : ext . park -— day Mo be wear a neon orange vest over a winter coat . he be shoveling snow in a local park . digging out the path as part of he court order community service . int . car - same time Zeke sit in he car watch Mo and drink hot coffee . after a while he honk the horn . through the window we can see Mo realize who it be . Zeke hold up the hot coffee . Mo drop the shovel and walk over . mo I be freezing my ball off . zeke you will get use to it . 110 . mo what do you bring I ? Zeke pull out a pb and J sandwich and split off half for he friend . zeke be you do over there ? mo yeah but now I gotta go do the thing . zeke again ? mo they call my number . ( off Zeke 's annoyed look ) what do you want from I ? I lose my license . I can not drive myself . I be sure they would give it back to I if I turn you in . it might not even be too late for that . who know , I could be wear a wire right now . Zeke grumble something under he breath and turn the car on . mo ( cont 'd ) ( british accent ) let 's go driver . show I the meaning of haste . zeke this be some bullshit . int . drug testing facility - conitnuous a woman sit at the receptionist desk greet Mo with a smile . the wait room be fill with some real grimey look halfway- house type dude . Zeke follow behind . mo just go sit over there . I will be a minute . receptionist hi Monroe . mo hey Rhonda . 111 . he go up to she desk and sign in on a little clipboard then sit down next to Zeke . mo ( cont 'd ) we gotta go by the grocery store after this . soph need some stuff . zeke be you sure I be not third wheeling with you guy tonight ? mo be you kid ? Sophie love you . she personally ask I to bring you . zeke do you ever tell she about you and Holly ? mo ya know it have not come up . zeke so she think that - mo she be my first , yeah . zeke wow good for Holly . not only do she take you virginity . she be also the first girl you and I have ever both share . mo first and last . receptionist Monroe . zeke I do not know man , you should see the way Sophie look at I . int . bathroom - continuous Mo pee into the cup . int . drug testing facility - continuous he put the cup of urine in the cabinet . 112. mo I be feel really good about this batch . receptionist see you on Thursday . mo ( to a pass out addict ) hang in there josé. Zeke follow he out . zeke be he dead ? mo probably . int . grocery store - later the boy walk down a aisle . Mo push the cart and read from the list . mo ( read ) Raw catfish nugget . zeke shut up , it do not say that . mo yes it do . zeke I be not figure out what that be , just bring she fish stick . Zeke open the fridge and grab a box of fish stick . mo ( ignore that ) well , I x11 tell you , I do not think it be go to end like this . zeke like what ? mo I do not know . everything be sort of fine . 113. zeke yeah man . what do you think , you be go to end up dead ina ditch somewhere ? you sell some pot . nobody get hurt . mo well ... some people get hurt . zeke yeah but that would have happen with or without you . the sun do not rise and set just for you . mo no . I just - I do not know . I just feel the same . like I be the same person I be last year . I just go to a different school . zeke you have a girlfriend . you be get laid regularly . mo I do like that . zeke what 's next ? let 's get out of here . mo ( read ) pickle Ginger . zeke go fuck yourself . mo oh look there 's Doug . on the other end of the aisle Doug walk towards they . zeke oh yeah . ya know . that guy 's not so bad . mo look at you all grow up and mature . zeke I think I be go to talk to he about give I a job . 114 . Doug sock Zeke in the face . bring he quickly to the ground . he start punch he over and over . Mo be too stunne to intervene , he just watch as this guy savagely beat the shit out of Zeke . mo that 's how I think this would end . CUT to black . the end